B00001QGPR|5.0|Some of the best work he has ever don
6300214354|5.0|This movie may not have started the spoof genre, but it certainly represents the peak of the art. This film takes the mickey out of everything from 007 to Blue Lagoon with a few sideswipes at women's tennis  and others. This movie is best watched a minimum of 5 times because you  miss most of the gags the first time round because of the tears of  laughter.
0606002006|5.0|I am a teenager, on the high school football team and I hate John Steinbeck because he made me cry. This book is a beautiful piece of literature and it pains me to see other students call this work (and other  classics) &quot;boring&quot;. If you haven't read it you should.
B000000WFU|5.0|Track after track, I found myself awed.  What a fabulous combination of orchestra and vocals. I love that there are no real &quot;words&quot;.  I'm a writer and I can't write with English words being sung  (that's why I  like to write to Italian opera).  Once I was done listening to it the first  time, I put it in again--and upon hearing the first track a second time, I  found myself dancing in my office!  I haven't done that in a very long  time.  This music literally moved me. It made me praise life--and God. I  want all of Karl Jenkins' work.
B0000041ZT|5.0|I agree with the previous comments completely but would like to recommend Track 13 - Waltz No 2 which I felt the best part of Eyes Wide Shut - The Movie. It is the music which plays over the credits. My wife and I sat  through the entire credits just to keep listening to this magical music. I  then set out to track down what it was and rather than buy the soundtrack  bought this entire recording. The rest is also fantastic. BUY IT!
0385333846|5.0|If you have never read Vonnegut, this is the one.  Not to belittle his other works, but this one is quintessential Vonnegut.
B00001QGPR|2.0|Still love Bowie but with this CD he seems stuck in the '80s without the flash. Too moody.
6305627401|5.0|You will never see a funnier movie in your life...EVER!  A stunningly brilliant satire that will be analyzed for many years to come.  This is a cinematic masterpiece in the same way that Gone with the Wind and Star Wars  are. If you think I'm joking, then you obviously haven't seen the movie.  Buy it now!
068484267X|5.0|I could not put this book down once I started it, but once I was starting to get to the end, I did not want it to end. I loved reading about Frankie's childhood. McCourt is such a great writer.
0684833395|1.0|How anyone could call this book a classic, or well written, or even funny is beyond me.  Obviously, a lot people were smoking a lot of weed in the sixties to think this thing is worth reading.  I am being generous giving  the book one star.
B00001QGPR|4.0|First time I've ever bought a Bowie CD. It was an impulse buy, or was it just the really cool cover? Great CD anyway, Thursday Child is an excellent song and repeated listenings just continue to reveal more and more great  tracks. One for the first time buyer as well as the longtime Bowie fan (I  expect) Oh, and check out the BowieNet website too! Very cool.
6305165912|5.0|This movie was totally awesome.  Nowhere else have I seen such a hilarious film.  With all of the crazy things the coens threw in like Jesus, Little Larry, the germans.  The Big Labowski is a must see.
B0000004V2|5.0|Pop music simply doesn't get better than this.  The Stones Roses debut album is quite possibly the greatest pop album ever.  I dare you to find a weak point on this album- it's like trying to find a corner in a circular  room.  From the audacious opening line of &quot;You don't have to sell my  soul/ He's already in me&quot; in &quot;I Wanna Be Adored&quot; to the  gentle wash of guitars in &quot;Waterfall&quot; to the out-of-this world  backwards intro on &quot;Don't Stop&quot; to the anthemic sweep in  &quot;This Is the One&quot; to the joyous guitar chatter at the end of  &quot;I Am the Resurrection&quot; to seemingly every other second of this  album, Stone Roses stand as a stunning proclamation of greatness from the  Manchester quartet.  This album is essential for any serious pop music  listener's record collection.  Undeniable perfection!!!
0395645662|5.0|This was an astoundingly poignant and though-provoking book which forced me to reconsider my whole exsistance and what it meant.  It made me notice every emotion and feel everything more.
B000002HPV|5.0|This is one of the best albums ever made! jga is just so beautiful, and all is full of love just flies through the room as you play it. Pluto makes you want to bump around and just explode and become pure energy. iceland  itself is recorded into this album!
6303282253|5.0|Of her Met performance of 1964, Rudolf Bing said,&quot;There never was such a Tosca.&quot; After seeing the video of Act 2, I must agree. Every note, every phrase, every movement is perfection. She IS Tosca, and we are  humbled and grateful to have witnessed her performance.
B00001NFCY|3.0|I am familiar with the &quot;New Pearl Jam&quot; tag being applied to Creed, but I think Stone Temple Pilots and Alice In Chains are more accurate references.  Creed's singer tries to sound a lot like Scott  Weiland and the guitarist tends to crank out grinding riffs aplenty a la  Jerry Cantrell.  Now, if you are part of the more cynical musical set, you  will look down on Creed for trying to carry the grunge torch into the next  millenium.  But, if you have a sweet spot for catchy faux-anthemic tunes,  then Creed is your bag.  Human Clay is not Nevermind or Vs., but it is  decent grunge ear candy.  Maybe not Nirvana Mk. II, but a whole hell of a  lot better than Candlebox or Collective Soul.
B00001QGPR|4.0|I love this album.  It's a little less brash and less techno than Earthling but better.  I only wish it were longer!
B000002NJS|5.0|..this is one of the best albums made in the 90´s! I have loved Madonnas music for quite some time now and I think that she only get´s better for every album. The Erotica album used to be my favourite album before Ray Of  Light. With Ray Of Light She really takes a chanse and she pulls it of  grandly!<br />This is an album that she should be very proud of!
0800129806|1.0|Quite overblown. Connery is ok. Ormand:a liberated 20th century Guinevere? Doesn't work. And Richard Gere: the Lancelot from Larchmont! His accent just ruins this character. And the sets: Camelot overgrown and overblown. I  laughed and cried equally through this motion picture travesty. Get  &quot;Excalibur&quot;. It's a masterpiece.
B000003TA4|5.0|Calling this the album that altered the course of rock and roll music in the 90s- and maybe even pop music in general- is not overdoing it.  This IS what made rock cool again in the 90s.  And this revolutionary status is not  even the most impressive aspect to this album. What's most amazing about  Nevermind is that the best songs weren't even the ones you heard on the  radio or saw on MTV.  &quot;On A Plain&quot; and &quot;Drain You&quot; are  better tunes than even &quot;Teen Spirit&quot;.  Even Kurt Cobain admitted  as much.  My point is that this album is not only &quot;Teen Spirit&quot;  and 10-11 other songs.  It's a tour de force throughout and the crowning  achievement of the 90s.
B00001QGPR|4.0|&quot;Hours...&quot; is the album David Bowie fans have been waiting for. Each song takes you on a new journey moving your mood in circles.  This is the lush, melodic and yet experimental sound that Bowie fans yearn for. At  times urgent- at times soft and enveloping.  If you like Bowie from Hunky  Dory to Scary Monsters you won't be disappointed. It's taken some time but  I never lost faith.
B000003TAR|5.0|Nevermind sold a gazillion copies and had every Guns 'N' Roses and Motley Crue fan professing his love for Nirvana and &quot;grunge&quot;.  Well, In Utero turned the bandwagon into a dumptruck and unloaded all but the true  Nirvana fans.  Raw, dense, ragged and outright abrasive in spots, In Utero  (thanks in large part to Steve Albini's no frills &quot;recording&quot;)  gave us Nirvana warts and all.  If Nevermind gave you a shot of grunge  adrenaline, then In Utero socked you right in the gut.  And the strong came  back to get punched again and again.
6304493681|5.0|Ghost in the Shell tels the story of an espionage program that becomes selve aware.  It is wanted and is sought by government agents for various crimes.  It is also seeking one of the agents that seeks it, it believes  she is a compatible partner.<br />The production is very appealing.  The  technology, philosphy and credibility are excellent, not to mention the  brilliant music and art.
B00000JPYD|5.0|Another &quot;must have&quot; for the rock archives collector. Soulfully written lyrics that have the rarely matched music for a complete package.
B000002KBU|5.0|This barebones recording highlights the most simple, basic emotions of love and loss that we hold on to through the complexities of life....Although Mitchell uses the most beautiful of metaphors to express  herself there is never any doubt of her meaning, one of the talents many  musicians have trouble really grasping.  Musically, the melodies are  sometimes as catchy as a pop song, sometimes as sweeping as an aria...and  all convay the heartfelt emotions of love that make us feel like we can  say, &quot;yeah, I've been there&quot;.  A classic and of all the Mitchell  I've listened to so far, her best.
6302860253|5.0|I agree with the reviewer from Amana, Iowa that this is a great video for opera novices!  I first saw it in an art theater in Carmel, CA and couln't get the songs out of my mind for days afterward.  It also turned me on to  Julia Migenes-Johnson.  I hope the video market will keep it in  circulation.
B000005DSN|1.0|I stumbled upon Stratovarius one day while surfing the net.  And after reading so many favorable reviews of their CDs on Amazon.com, I decided to pick up their Destiny CD, and give them a listen.<br />This band may be one of  the least original bands that I have ever listened to.  <br />For starters,  Timo Tolkki uses the entire CD as a stage for his best Yngwie Malmsteen  impersonation.  He just doesn't sound like Yngwie Malmsteen, he sounds like  he is playing Yngwie's music, note for note.  I don't think I have ever  heard such blatant plagiarism.<br />The singer, Timo Kotipelto, when he is not  being completely drowned out by the guitarist and drummer, sounds like just  about every other singer in this genre.  The only distinctive quality the  singer possesses is the innate ability to consistently place the accent on  the wrong syllable.<br />The rhythm section of Stratovarius is so dull, that  they hardly warrant mentioning.  <br />The lyrics are maybe Stratovarius' only  redeeming quality.  That is, if you enjoy lyrics that make you laugh.   During the song Paradise, Kotipelto sings, \\"Many rare species will perish  soon, and we'll be short on food.  Why do we have to be so selfish, we've  got to change our attitude.\\"  This is just one of the many knee-slappers  that Stratovarius try to pass off as lyrics.<br />All in all, this band is  just plain awful.  If you are music fan looking for something in this  genre, I would suggest Hammerfall's Legacy of Kings.  If you are a guitar  player, who has been misinformed that Timo Tolkki is a guitar god in  waiting, I would recommend Yngwie Malmsteen's Rising Force.
0553213105|2.0|I totally agree with the reader from NY who didn't like the novel(maybe it's something in the NY water).  I didn't find any of the characters particularly interesting or the writing style very engaging; in fact, this  was one of the few books I had to force myself to finish.  All the  characters were very pretentious, only caring about how you looked and what  family you belonged to. After I finished this book I read JANE EYRE,  fearing that I would have the same negative experience. But I cannot say  enough about how great a novel Jane Eyre is, and I would recommend anyone  thinking of reading P&amp;P to pick up Jane Eyre instead.
0345428056|5.0|For totally raw, in your face, absorbing, thriller action this book is a must.<br />Most definatly the best book I have read. Although a little formula in plot it doesn't really matter. The only book I have read twice ... the  ending is something else! enjoy
B00001OH7P|5.0|This is great rock at its best.  Im a big nin and 90's bowie fan but I have found that his 70's work is some of tbe best music and of the highest quality anywhere out there.
B00001QGPR|2.0|I like _most_ of Bowie's stuff and generally like that he's willing to reinvent himself while most of his contempories are still singing the same stuff they did in the 70's, but I don't like his sound on this one. He's  still a great musician and I don't think this is trite or anyting, I just  plain don't like it. You might want to give it a listen cause I know it'll  apeal to some ppl.
B00000K2SE|5.0|Absolutely A magnificent mind opener, grips you like a fist,you think about it for days. Everttime you see it, another whole view is opened up!
0679746048|1.0|As someone actively in treatment with a diagnosis of borderline personality disorder and who spent two years as an inpatient during the late1980's at Mclean Hospital, I found Kayson's book to be verging on  dangerous. Her experience is dated enough to no longer be accurate, and  while it is written as a personal memoir, clearly from the comments here,  people are being given a (perhaps unintentional) false expos&eacute; on the  hospital, and more importantly on the diagnosis. Recently there has been a  lot of advancement in reasearch in the field, and treatments have become  more hopeful.
6305426651|5.0|Some movies  after you see them you do not even remember the title. Some others are entertainment and is good to see them once. but in this case  I have to admit that you can play the movie for the rest of your life in your  mind.<br />I still remember the Oscars and from seen Bennini so full of joy I  just wanted to run and see his movie at that very moment... and one more  thing. Yes  Life Is Beautiful. just go and visit countries like Cuba  and  other totalitarian regimes and you can see for yourself a real life drama  and the things that ordinary people need to do to survive and extraordinary  situation and still people have not lost one thing, HOPE ...  One of the  best films ever made.
B00001QGPR|5.0|I've been a big Bowie fan for many years.  I'm always interested in his latest project.  &quot;Hours&quot; really strikes a chord with me.  It's the CD I've been waiting a long time for.  The opening track is  outstanding. Although I found it hard to get onboard with  &quot;Earthling&quot;, &quot;Hours&quot; offers more of the soft romantic  crooning that I love.  I recommend this CD to anyone!
B000021Y7Z|5.0|I was fortunate enough to see this tour live in Austin, TX and ended up about 20 feet from the middle of the stage. Needless to say I was blown away! Then Jonathon Demme comes out with the movie and everyone in the  theatre was dancing just as hard as everyone at the actual concert! It is  rare when a concert film packs as much energy as the actual show just as it  is rare when a movie is as good as the book. I can't wait until the  widescreen DVD comes out and I can turn my living room into a &quot;Talking  Heads&quot; dance club! Talk about aerobics!
B000002KN8|5.0|I got this album as a used record the other day just for fun, and now I expect I'm going to have to buy the CD anyway.  Instantly recognizable as the work of Vince Clarke, master of the catchy pop tune and the cheesy lyric,  there's not a weak point on this album.  Side one has my favorite, \\"New  Life\\" along with another single, \\"Dreaming of Me\\", and a few  other songs you can't help but laugh along with.  Side two shows shades of  what is to come with a couple of tracks by Martin Gore, including my favorite  DM instrumental of all time, \\"Big Muff\\". Even the tunes penned by  Clarke are a little darker than usual on side two, including the extended mix of the smash single, \\"Just Can't Get Enough\\".
B000003BF1|1.0|Arent the Rolling Stones getting alittle old? People ask me then why i listin to the beatles? But theres a big diffrence, the beatles died along time ago the damn stones are still going on! I hate it.
B000002L75|4.0|With the chart success of &quot;People Are People,&quot; I was drawn to the strange sounds and production techniques of this so-called &quot;synth band.&quot; Of course I had seen &quot;Just Can't Get Enough&quot; on MTV -  the infectuous melody and funny haircuts caught my attention. But a  subsequent tape-of-a-tape (a neccessity in high school) convinced me to by  explore further. The hard drums and strange samples made for great backing  of the strong lyrics of Martin Gore's songs. Standouts include the S&amp;M  fantasy of &quot;Master &amp; Servant,&quot; thankfully non-preachy hit  &quot;People Are People,&quot; and the touching &quot;It Doesn't  Matter&quot; and &quot;Somebody.&quot; Many Mode fans are turned off by the  sappiness of the latter, but the line, &quot;Although things like this make  me sick&quot; makes it all alright. New fans of the band should check out  the SIngles collections to dip their feet in the mode waters, but  &quot;Reward,&quot; &quot;Music For The Masses,&quot; and the  soundtrack-to-a-pained-life &quot;Black Celebration&quot; fulfill any  Depeche Mode collection worth it's salt. &quot;Ultra&quot; shows a mature  band finding it's place in today's &quot;return to metal&quot; arena.  Expect continued suprises and success from DM.
0790729652|4.0|A great film. I think Batman is above average in the action/crime genre. Yet could have maybe just been a little more . It was a dark story and I mean dark in two ways. 1. This ain't the happy Batman that they show on the  cartoon's. It's the actual dark knight just like a majority of the comics.  In my opinion this is a great idea and makes for a far more interesting  story. It is also good that the next Batman cartoon was more like this  movie then the Batman cartoon's that Hanna Barbera made in the seventies.  2. A lot of the fight scenes are done in almost pitch black alleys and  streets. I did not like this as it was just an odd way to view the movie in  my opionion. Nicholson's Joker is very good yet sometimes he hams it up a  little too much. Of course some great quotes by Jack as the Joker. You'll  laugh a few times at what he has to say. Keaton's Batman/Bruce Wayne was  great. Definetely not who I expected, but it turned out to be great that  they chose him.  I really enjoyed the ending of this movie. With Batman  fighting his way through the Joker's goon's. Waiting until he can face  Joker man to psycho. Burton definately used his own style in the Batman  film, but it's story is above average with a great villain and hero. Some  dark subject matter that shouldnt't be viewed by some small kids. Kim  Basinger is great as Vicki Vale.  SPOILER Best part: Joker shocks a man to  death with a 10,000 volt joy buzzer. Worst part: The Joker shoots Bob, his  number one goon. Why? Sure the Joker is nuts, but he's not stupid.
B000005JAX|2.0|As a songwriter, Martin Gore is particularly under-rated. After Vince Clarke left DM, Martin assumed the role and more than lived up to the task. I own every DM release... I can't say the same thing for Erasure. So when  Martin released this EP of songs that influence his writings, I had to pick  it up. This isn't an album I listen to often. As the owner of 1200+  different titles, this often doesn't make the changer. But for those  interested in what infuences one of today's finest writers, it is worth a  listen. With sparse DM production, it is the song that is supposed to shine  through, not the sheen. I cringe at any attempt to compel me to recycle,  and &quot;...Mother Earth&quot; is no exception. Gore's &quot;Enjoy The  Silence&quot; is a virtual re-write of &quot;In A Manner Of Speaking,&quot;  and therefore is the standout track. &quot;Motherless Child&quot; is  heartfelt and the production makes the song exclusively Martin's. I frankly  don't remember the other tracks - strange because I can remember most every  DM track that Martin has composed, particularly the ones derived from these  covers. The bootleg tracks of &quot;Down In The Boondocks&quot; and the  &quot;piano-in-the-bar&quot; reveals much more about one of my favorite  songwritiers than this EP.
0767821629|5.0|If you bought The Matrix you should really go right now and buy this movie. IT IS better than The Matrix. I wil say no more or I'll spoil the fun.<br />Believe ME!   This movie is GOOD!!!
B000002L9M|5.0|As an album, Black Celebration ranks up there among my Top Ten. For the record (or records), I own about 1200 different CD's... While Depeche Mode is one of my favorite bands, I can be a harsh critic (the live &quot;Songs  of Faith...&quot; is pretty lame) - Black Celebration defined a band that  sprung on the scene with it's feel-good electro-synth pop and funny  haircuts. While the hair remains funny, the maturity and songwriting, not  to mention groundbreaking production techniques, have helped define popular  music for about ten years. Black Celebration is best listened to as a whole  - songs meld into one another and include some half-songs, like  &quot;Sometimes.&quot; Not really throw-aways, these songs don't require  anything else, and fit the pace of the album perfectly. Standout tracks for  songwriting include the &quot;we're the doom-and-gloom band&quot; statement  &quot;Black Celebration,&quot; the mature ballads &quot;A Question Of  Lust,&quot; &quot;It Doesn't Matter Two&quot; and &quot;Here Is The  House.&quot; There are no dancefloor classics on this album - something DM  is pretty known for - only mature peices of soul-baring romanticism. The  only clunker for me is the trite attempt at politico-rock &quot;New  Dress.&quot; Although true, it's sort of like pointing out that the sky is  blue. Um, duh.
B00001NFCY|5.0|When I first heard 'Higher', I had to buy the CD! I just got it and I think it is AWESOME!!! The songs are very heavy and they are catchy! This is a very positive and clean album also.
0062502182|5.0|I've read many of Paulo Coelho's titles, like Brida, The Fifth Mountain, The Pilgrimage, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept, and I'm currently reading Veronika Decides to Die.  Of all these I found The Alquemist the  most real and metaphoric piece of work about those invisible signs life  puts before us, for us to follow and to find our treasures at the end of  our journeys.  Treasures that we think are material but the road leads us  to other ways of understanding and looking at things  differently.<br />The  author has the capacity of describing perfect scenes and places he has been  in, which takes the reader to imagine perfectly well the whole picture of  what he/she is reading<br />They are all easy reading and you can't put them  down.  I would like to know why we don't have the spanish versions of The  Valkyries, and would like to also mention that when these books are  translated into english, they may sometimes loose their meaning.
6303160344|5.0|Blue is a masterpiece!  The cinematography, the colors, the music and the story melt into a unique and extraordinary movie.  Not to forget that Juliette Binoche is a beautiful and marvellous actress.
B0000084J7|5.0|THIS IS THE PUREST MUSIC OF SILENCE. MARK HOLLIS HAD NEVER BEEN AS SIMPLE TO EXPRESS SUCH DEEPNESS AND QUIET SERENITY AS HE IS IN THIS ALBUM. REALLY STUNNING.
B000002WFF|5.0|While it's not the film soundtrack, &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot; is the King's best post-Memphis album. His versions of &quot;Mary In The Morning&quot; and &quot;You Don't Have To Say You Love Me&quot; are infused  with a richness of tone and musical textures seldom heard during his 70s'  recordings. There are no dud tracks here, as Elvis reaches into the  contemporary pop bag to reinterpret modern classics in his own way.  The  only song from the actual film soundtrack is B.J. Thomas's &quot;I Just  Can't Help Believin'&quot;, which was a deserved U.K. 2 years later. The  finale, Paul Simon's modern anthem &quot;Bridge Over Troubled Water&quot;,  is a fitting close to a superb album.
B00001OH1S|4.0|I loved this soundtrack,it's very posh!Bill Conti deserves an Oscar Nomination for his work.Sting does a superb job with The Windmills Of Your Mind,much better than the origianl(which makes me want to committ  suicide).<br />I was dissapointed with some of the tracks that were missing  from the score,like the R and B title Conti uses in the robbery scene and  the Tango music and Cont's version of Windmills....
B000002UAX|5.0|This album is good.  In fact, it is really good.  So good it blows away you insane IMG ppl who have no common sense.  Anyway, I really like this album.  No, it shouldn't have been cut down in # of songs.  It would lose  the effect.  Maybe Part 1 and 2 should have been released as 2 seperate  album with a coupla months in between or something.  Either way, it's just  great.<br />ALSO RECOMMENDED: &quot;We All Laugh While Jeff Burns In  Hell&quot; by Jeff Burns Himself
B0000069NM|5.0|The best in modern jazz Medeski, Martin, and Wood team up with a legendary guitarist. The sound is dreamlike,the first time I heard it, I fell in love with it. Defenitely a must have for any fan of jazz or any music genre for  that matter. One of the best albums of the 90's that noone hears.
6304083769|5.0|This is by far one of the best, most intelligent films I have ever seen.  The animation is incredible, and its action-packed.  If you're a fan of anime then you must have this in your collection.  If you like this movie,  check out AKIRA, it's a classic.
B00001IVOF|5.0|The best album ever from the mobb, rhymes at there smoothest and best.  Mobb Deep are by far the best hip hop group ever to come out of the U.S.A.
0783110928|5.0|BRAVO to Angelina and the Cast!  And to Gia...I love you
B000002VEP|3.0|Woolfson didn't do this theme justice--it appears he was either not that interested or just didn't have enough ideas to produce an entire album.  Sure, people like a number of individual songs but the whole album is  simply lacking in power and cohesiveness.  I consider this to be the  weakest of all Project and post-Project albums.  However, it's still   better than most stuff out there, sounds absolutely fantastic (it's one of  the first all digital recordings), and many of the songs are staples of the  live shows.
0553573403|4.0|Well, what can I say that has not already been said?  Plenty of people have praised this book with only a few acceptions, that should tell you something.  My intial feelings after reading this a few years agos was that  it was one of the best stories I have read.  In fact I purchased the book  again in order to re-read it before diving into the second one.  My one  fear is that it may turn into, and seemed at times to turn into, a Terry  Goodkind series.  Which means a wonderful first book in &quot;Wizards first  rule&quot; to a long blown out plot that kept me mostly bored.  Don't let  that happen Martin!  Anyway, if you have not read this I highly recomend  it.  For me it was up there with &quot;Enders Game&quot;, &quot;The Black  company&quot;, &quot;On Basilik station&quot; as well as all the Jordan and  Donaldson series.  In short a must first read.
B000002VCU|4.0|Everyone raves about &quot;Time&quot; and &quot;Games People Play&quot;.  They're part of side 1 which is nothing more than a preview of Woolfson's 80s material, not bad but not compelling.  Side 2 of this album, however,  is the whole Project at it's best and it's one of the best thematic pieces  you'll ever hear.  It's just too bad there wasn't enough thematic material  for two sides, hence my measly 4 star rating.  This is probably a more  &quot;accesible&quot; album for first time listeners since it combines all  the &quot;pop&quot; elements found later in albums like Eye in the Sky and  the great thematic elements found in the first three albums (Tales of  Mystery and Imagination, I Robot, and Pyramid).  That makes it an  &quot;easy&quot; choice for new listeners to pick.  But if you like this  stuff, you'll immediately get sucked into the &quot;heavier&quot; material,  not metal heavy, just deeper.  But, Side 2 is really hard to beat!
B00000IFWE|5.0|Tom Petty and the Hearbreakers never cease to amaze me.  This latest release was not only pleasing to the ears, buut mutil-faceted as well.  Even people who dont like Tom Petty music get caught up in the amazings  blends of sounds.. from Mike Campbell's teriffic guitar chords, to Benmont  Tench's haunting keyboards.  Whatever these guys do is a huge success...  and they make it look so dang easy... Keep on Rockin' guys....
B000002VCT|5.0|Everyone needs this album to complete the &quot;trilogy&quot; of the first three Project recordings.  If you never buy another Project album after these three, you've done well.  Pyramid simply captures the various aspects  of Pyramids in both a lyrical and musical sense, something you'll find  equally strong in the first two Project albums, Tales of Mystery and  Imagination and I Robot, but sometimes lacking in later works. This album  has one of the best and most subtle Project instrumentals,  Hyper-Gamma-Spaces, which is worth the price of the CD alone.  Dust off  your credit card and go order this.
B000002KO3|5.0|Has anyone mentioned that this is one of the great guitar albums of all time?  Surprise.  Guest guitarist Adrian Belew delivers some of the most fascinating solos I've ever heard, esp. on &quot;cross-eyed&quot; and  &quot;the great curve&quot;. Wow.
B000001FN3|5.0|Don't let anyone fool you, the Welles voice over is fantastic!!!!!  Particularly at the beginning of side two, there is a key change that absolutely rattles your spine as Welles says &quot;color becomes  pallor&quot;.  The CD rerelease also sounds better than the original vinyl.   Plus, you get fantastic Ian Bairnson guitar additions on  &quot;Raven&quot;.  Side 2 is a bit less accessible to non-fans and could  take some getting used to.  Nonetheless, the CD rerelease of this album is  second only to the Project's I Robot in greatness.
6302491940|3.0|Humerous crime movie with Michael Caine as master thief Charlie Croker that attempts to steal a fortune of gold mint in Turin, Italy, by creating a massive traffic jam and escaping with the prize in souped-up Mini-Cooper autos.  The film features an excellent auto-chase sequence with Croker's crew eluding police through plazas and tunnels, and leaping across some impressive obstacles: the remarkable stunts almost makes any viewer want to rush out and purchase a Mini-Cooper.  An entertaining show that is much better than the 2003 American remake.
B000002VC5|5.0|This is the Project's best album and it's one of the best albums you will ever hear.  Drag yourself away from Britney, clones, light rock pablum, white rap, three chord &quot;indie&quot; gunk and listen to some of the  most complex and yet VERY accesible pieces of music ever done. Rush and buy  it now, you won't be dissapointed.  It holds up better than virtually any  album from the latter half of the 70s. At the same time, it rocks.  THIS is  what made FM radio great!  If you buy no other Project work, get this.
B000002KXO|4.0|When Mirage first came out I thought it was OK, but not great.  Listening to it now I have a new appreciation for it, probably because on this album Fleetwood Mac sounds more like a band playing together and less like  musicians coming into the studio at different times, adding parts to each  other's songs (a la &quot;Tusk&quot; or &quot;Tango in the  Night&quot;).<br />Stevie Nicks and Christine McVie contribute great  songs--especially Gypsy, Straight Back, Wish You Were Here, and Hold Me.   Lindsey Buckingham's are a little weak, especially lyrically--Oh Diane and  Empire State could have been left off.  But overall it's a really nice  offering of Mac tunes.
B000002VCB|4.0|The only time the rest of the Project let down Woolfson was with Eve.  He was dead on with his treatment of women and relationships, it's a shame the music wasn't up to it.  Normally it was the other way around.  As someone  else mentions, listen to this album 10+ times and you'll find out it's  strong points--a very compelling piece, just a bit too simple musically and  not at all like other Project efforts.  If the music is more important,  this is easily a 3 star album.
B00000K19E|4.0|Good movie. Great special effects. Story line a little weak but worth watching (maybe twice). Will put subwoofers to the test!!!
B000002N3N|4.0|If you suffer from insomnia or had a stressful day play this CD or any of her other works. Her haunting voice will lull you to sleep. Whenever I come home from work grouchy my wife plays Enya before supper. Instantly, I start  to feel relaxed and content.I recommend all of her CD's. Wonderful vocalist  and composer.
B000002L5I|5.0|I, too, caught KWS on the BBK Blues Festival tour (in Wallingford, CT).  The kid from Indigenous was outrageous -- there's no denying that -- but KWS smoked me.  His guitar playing is borderline vituoso, his stage  presence is fun (as contrasted against none for Indigenous), and his  rendition of Voodoo Child is second only to SRV's.<br />I loved the guy before  I saw him.  Now, I play two CDs during my daily commute:  this one and  Ledbetter Heights.  I can't wait for Live On!!
0964385619|3.0|I attended a number(3) of Robert's courses in the mid 80's entitled Money and You/Creating Wealth.This book ties a lot of those ideas together. If Robert is so rich, why the hell is he still flogging seminars,board games,  shares in start ups and generally hussling as hard as ever. Something about  him does not ring true for me.There is a touch of the &quot;Amways&quot;  about him that is unsettling
B000006045|4.0|I was given this album by a very dear friend recently. not something iwould havebought myself but its an amazing sound . thankyou babs
6305531412|1.0|Caveat emptor -- this DVD release contains a censored version of the movie, different from the previous Laserdisc and VHS releases.  It was apparently altered without the director's approval.
6305078564|5.0|I like the actors and actresses in this movie.  It is wholesome.  There is no violence, and I never tire of watching it.
B0000214FS|4.0|If you like gadgets and  gizmos then you'll like this movie alot. The creative use for the whole movie was greatly developed. I Like WWW because of the Creativity and imagination involved. Yes I was slightly disapointed  but not like I was when I saw Starship Troopers. This movie doesn't deserve  to be called worst movie of the summer.
0684857820|3.0|Did I read the same book as these other reviewers? I think not. I am also a rape survivor and I look for sustenance in the stories of others who share my experience.  I found this memoir to be pretty badly written and  just plain, well -- overblown. Overblown with the author's self  dramatization and sense of self importance -- yes, she wanted to grow up  and be Ethel Merman. The me me me tone was annoying, and I found myself  disliking a woman I ought to be having an affinity with. Why? She comes off  as a very spoiled, very sheltered upper middle class white girl from a  &quot;My Mommy and Daddy Love me Ver Much&quot; type of environment who  never gave any serious thought to anyone or anything outside of her  immediate orbit, either before or after her incident. No wonder she found  her brush with reality shocking. She mimicks a &quot;potpoiler&quot; style,  which just didn't work for me. Everything she wrote about herself may be  true, but she and other characters seemed to behave like cliched characters  in a T.V. movie.I got the feeling that this book was constructed from diary  entries immediately following the unfortunate incident, jottings which  haven't been fashioned into a real memoir.  Much of it is just documentary  -- her mundane undergraduate social life, a lot of day to day, when what  this memoir really demanded was PERSPECTIVE -- after all, she wrote it  about 15 years after the fact. I was much more interested in how the event  affected her relations with men, with women, with society, with her own  sexuality, with her choices of jobs, with her concept of herself as a  success or failure, her career, personal and life choices. Time frame  references from the early eighties to mid-nineties? Sexual and racial  politics? Feminism? Bosnia? Hello! Anyone there! We got a little afterward  on the progress of her life, which ought to have been the main story, which  makes me sense that the author is still stuck in time, still immaturely  obsessed with whether or not she's ugly or has fat thighs, or if guys like  her. Everything is viewed within the lowest common denominator framework of  her own life.  There's just not enough intelligent or spiritual reflection  and analysis. She prefers simple melodrama, which to me detracts from the  seriousness of her story. The book is worth reading, because she has some  good insights, here and there, buried beneath the potboiler style, such as  that she wound up living in New York because it's a place that wears its  violence on its sleeve -- but there's so much more she could have said. I'd  like to hear how she approached life after, how her experience affected her  modus operandi: Did she hook for her heroin habit? How did she manage grad  school and adjunct teaching, financially? Were her parents paying for her  the entire time? Did she in fact ever grow up? I get the sense not.  Finally, teaching NYC ghetto students, she gets a sense of perspective on  something she's clearly let define her life. But from all I hear from her,  I intuit she would have wound up a self-obsessed mess, even if she hadn't  been raped. We get a lot of the self centered persona of adolescence, but  no adult reflection on who she was, then and now. She seems not to have  evolved. Bottom line -- you have to wade through a lot of irrelevant junk  to get a few pearls of insight here. If you are a survivor, I recommend  Nancy Venable Raines', &quot;After Silence: Rape and My Journey Back.&quot;ether or not she's ugly or has fat thighs, or if guys like  her. Everything is viewed within the lowest common denominator framework of  her own life.  There's just not enough intelligent or spiritual reflection  and analysis. She prefers simple melodrama, which to me detracts from the  seriousness of her story. The book is worth reading, because she has some  good insights, here and there, buried beneath the potboiler style, such as  that she wound up living in New York because it's a place that wears its  violence on its sleeve -- but there's so much more she could have said. I'd  like to hear how she approached life after, how her experience affected her  modus operandi: Did she hook for her heroin habit? How did she manage grad  school and adjunct teaching, financially? Were her parents paying for her  the entire time? Did she in fact ever grow up? I get the sense not.  Finally, teaching NYC ghetto students, she gets a sense of perspective on  something she's clearly let define her life. But from all I hear from her,  I intuit she would have wound up a self-obsessed mess, even if she hadn't  been raped. We get a lot of the self centered persona of adolescence, but  no adult reflection on who she was, then and now. She seems not to have  evolved. Bottom line -- you have to wade through a lot of irrelevant junk  to get a few pearls of insight here. If you are a survivor, I recommend  Nancy Venable Raines', &quot;After Silence: Rape and My Journey Back.&quot;
B00000IWVS|5.0|Every word praise of Argerich's playing on this website is certainly heartfelt and true. Of the pianist's genius there is no disputing. But whether she is doing justice to Chopin is perhaps another matter.<br />I am  reminded of some tenors in opera who approach every bar of music with  whitehot intensity, even where the situation (and the composer's markings)  call for gentleness. In a more recent recording, Argerich keeps the  conductor hard pressed to follow her tempi, making the work her show  entirely and not a concerto in the strict sense of the word.<br />So here on  this EMI recording we have the music brilliantly played--and this is one CD  I plan to keep in my collection--but (and I ask this hestitatingly and  humbly) is this Chopin being played by Argerich or Argerich playing Chopin?  Thomas May's comments above go quite some way in answering this question;  but we are not dealing with concrete, only abstract, nouns here.<br />Another  analogy might be all those Ella Fitzgerald sets of Gershwin, Kern, et alia.  Certainly here we have these composers deconstructed and recreated to fit  the singer's brand of performance. Well, Gershwin survives, Kern does not,  Berlin does, and so on. So again I have to wonder if these highly  idiosyncratic playings are true to the composer (whatever that might  mean).<br />On the other hand, great music exists objectively only as notes on  lines on paper. Perhaps Chopin never had this kind of playing mind but  certainly would accept it. That must remain forever a moot point. Still 5  stars to CD.
B000009ED0|1.0|I think that Kid Rock is to the nineties what Led Zeppelin was to the seventies.  This guy is a pioneer.  I'll tell you what, everybody is still going to be listening to this c.d. ten years from now.  It is a travesty  that you can't win a Pulitzer for a c.d.  Kid Rock has changed my way of  thinking.  No, seriously,  I think that Lennon/Mccartney, Jagger/Richards,  and other &quot;songwriters&quot; could learn a lot from Kid Rock's keen  and deep insights.  I would write a longer review but I must go listen to  this again, right damn now.  Holy Mary, this is good stuff.
6305537798|5.0|Ten Things is an amazing movie!  I saw it seven times in the theater and wished I could have seen it more.  I loved how Julia Stiles portrayed Kat! She is a great feminist and I really look up to the character!  Heath  Ledger is also an amazing actor to help bring Patrick into someone I could  care about.  This movie was very well written, though it could have been  less crude.  I love this movie and recommend it for anyone who ever wants  to or has been in love!  After you see it you will feel great!
B00001ZWTS|1.0|The script killed this movie beyond redemption.  A fine cast squandered.  I found it incredibly boring, and I love Kevin Kline and Will Smith!
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the reason DVD exists.  The creators put a lot of effort into it and it pays off. I hope future DVD releases are of this quality. The Dolby Digital track leaves nothing to the imagination.  Every casing can be heard  hitting the marble floor in the shoot-em-up scene in the building lobby.
B00001QGPR|5.0|Superb... what else can you say when Bowie keeps on surprising after the age of 50...? Theres a little bit of Hunky Dory, some Outside and a lot of Bowie...
B000002JR8|5.0|All heterosexual males acknowledge this album as the greatest in the history of heavy music.  Phil and Co. get down like nobody's business.
0960191038|5.0|Barbara's approach and techniques are an essential for even the most seasoned of executives.  With the time demands on everybody the spoils will go to those effective communicators who are logical &amp; clear in their  thinking as well as succinct &amp; to the point in their writing.  <br />After  this approach is embraced you'll never need to fear that your message was  illogical or unclear.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Its just amazing buy it and enjoy it, the plot's  clever but turns a bit silly with all this goth  dress, but switch off pick up the basic plot.<br />And be amazed by the shooting.  As an action film its superb as a  sensible film its not. If like me you prefer deeper films such as la  confidential or Young poisoners hand book  you'll love it. If you liked the  big lebowski youll love it since every one whos seen the big l  i know  loves the matrix :)
B00000K19E|5.0|To the awesome score and special effects the Matrix delivers.  It was the whole concept brought fluidly to the big screen that makes me give the Matrix 5 stars.
079073382X|5.0|This film perfectly depicted these two people falling in love in a such a short span of time. It was so believable to me, I believe they were going to meet again at the time and place they planned. This means there could be  a sequel.
6305161976|5.0|Made on a backlot and before computer generated effects, Casablanca relies on a great screenplay and marvelous acting.  Bogart and Bergman are the stars but the supporting cast is terrific also.  The DVD looks great.  This  was originally shot in the 4:3 screen ratio, widescreen wasn't in use yet  in Hollywood, so you get to see all the picture without letterboxing.  An  easy 5 star rating.
B00001OH1S|5.0|The CD only has 6 tracks with vocalist, but overall CD is excellent
6305546797|5.0|Wow, what a DVD. The best DVD I have so far.  Halloween changed the face of horror in 1978 and had remained the most popular horror flick of all time, and has remained my favorite movie for the past 6 years. The extras  on this DVD are endless and brilliant, from TV spots to Halloween 2000:  Unmasked, the DVD always never ceases to amaze me.<br />The movie is mastered  in THX which makes it so much better looking, the picture is crystal clear  as is the Dolby Surround Digital 5.1 Only 30,000 made I'm glad I got mine  when I did, its 22,485 even if you have no DVD player, I suggest that you  get this amazing and absolutely incredbiel expierence of a DVD!!
014028009X|5.0|I started this book at 18h00 - finished it by 21h00 because I couldn't put it down!!! It's fantastically funny, and a nice change from all the &quot;twenty something&quot; novels about finding onesself.  I spent the  whole book wondering of Ms Fielding had swiped my diary ...
B00000IRED|5.0|If you haven't seen this movie, what are you waiting for. This is Jim Carey's best performance. Here in Dominican Republic everybody loved it and I'm sure that you would find yourself somehow and someway in this  magnificent movie. Don't miss it.....
B000002KJQ|5.0|I was once asked if I were to be stranded on a desert island, what 10 albums would I want to be stranded with.  This was the first on my list.  Enough said.
0790745399|5.0|I never seen in my whole life, so many visual effects and so many shooting. If you enjoy action and magic, you'd love the movie. Full of movement. This is Keanu's best action movie. I highly recommended ,see it  you won't regret it.
0316921173|5.0|I've been working on it for over two months now, gradually paring my time down to just a few minutes on the daily AM and PM MARTA trains. And so but now at the end, knowing what I know from friends who've read it and from  what's posted here, I can write a review. Soon it will be over, and I will  miss this book more than any other novel I've ever read.<br />It's pretty  useles to address all the topics, but I can safely say that I think DFW is  el hombre, that if you are a fan of language and a critic of modern  humanity, this book will make you feel totally at home. It's no harder than  flipping channels -- think of it as a TP SponDis, er, TV movie (hee hee).  There is nothing to be 'afraid' of -- not the 1000+pp. length of the book,  or the 380-some-odd footnotes, or the disparate plotlines that intersect  only at skew, not the boggling Crime-and-Punishment-like # of characters.  It's all easy if you let Wallace do his thing and avoid trying to make it  into what you might be used to as a quote-unquote Novel.<br />Those who  disparage the book display their exact levels of 'intelegence'(sic). One  reviewer has apparently tried to 'skim ahead' and based his decsion to quit  after 100 pp. on the fact that he couldn't figure out what was happening  plotwise by reading a sentence here &amp; there. Here's one word that  apparently eluded your hawklike attention: anticonfluential. And one more  term for your Word97 Thesaurus: stream-of-consciousness. It's called the  20th century, guy, look into it...<br />The point is, the achievement is  obvious (to anyone who's graduated from reading Nancy Drew books, that is)  and the art is tremendous. The book is better than the most glowing review.
6302054982|5.0|This is one of the greatest films ever
B00000G3PA|2.0|This movie is just another example of Hollywood making movies that are big on special effects and scarce on plot.  The sorry romantic subplot doesn't make up for it either.  It is really unrealistic and would only fool  someone with an elementary school mentality.  You never once feel for the  characters.  This show was only made for money and no thought of being a  serious movie ever went into it.  By supporting trash like this we are  cutting out movies that have actual substance and are leading Hollywood to  make more garbage.
6304613199|1.0|hmm....any rank lower than 1 star....
6305627401|1.0|This movie is really terrible.  It captures nothing of what made the TV show such a hit.  The humor mainly depends on foul language.  It feels as if these guys are running short of imagination.  There is too much singing;  it seems like they sing so much just to take up time.  Don't bother with  the movie.  Get the video of the episodes.
0446605409|4.0|I read DeMille's The Charm School years ago and enjoyed it very much.  I don't know why I never picked up another of his books until Plum Island.  It was a good read.  Corey's wise cracks kept me snickering but, at times,  they were excessive and a little over the top.  I thought the initial tour  of Plum Island was longer than it needed to be; it laid more ground work  for the ending than was necessary.  Nevertheless, the book was entertaining  and I had to force myself to put it down when I really needed to do  something else.  I'm looking for another of DeMille's books to see if I  enjoy it as much as this one.
0788816454|1.0|This show was a real disappointment.  I wasn't able to sit through the whole thing.  The humor is easy to describe: it's not there.  It takes more than being stupid and unrealistic to make good humor.  This show is an  example of a good idea ruined.  Watch one of Adam's other movies if you  want something good.
0792833279|5.0|This movie will not change the world. It will not even change your life. It is simply a fun Hollywood romp. A funny goofy story unwinding as it is invented brings to mind Fellini's &quot;8-1/2&quot;. The flexible morals  and chameleon motivations of the characters keep me in stitches.
1556154844|5.0|Q&amp;A. Q: Do you want to be a *real* programmer ? A: Buy Code Complete
079073804X|5.0|This movie is superlative for all the normal technical reasons: cimematography, soundtrack, effects, screenplay, acting. And the pacing of the film is plain genius. But there is something more going on here than  the sum of all these parts. The best horror films effect us by being closer  to what we believe to be true as opposed to being off-the-scale  over-the-top. While demonic possession, telekinesis, etc., may be too  outlandish for us to accept as real possibility, it is close enough to our  myths and religeons to make us very uneasy. The closer a film comes to our  own beliefs or experiences, the stronger its ability to move us  emotionally. <br />On a purely visceral level, the pacing of the movie is pure  genius -- adequate respites from insanity interspersed among the gradual  unrelenting build-up of tension. Just when the adrenaline has calmed down,  the terror starts to rebuild as someone heads up the stairs.
6305627401|2.0|Don't get me wrong; I have enjoyed watching the show on more than one occasion.  However, this movie is just not theatre material.  Its just one long drawn out episode with none of the magnificence a television to  theatre film should include!  trey parker &amp; matt stone totally take  advantage of the viewer (in my respective opinion) by constantly indulging  in their ability to 'do movie stuff' i.e. language..  Totally an immature  comedy.  If that's your bag, then by all means.
B0000028M7|5.0|Godsmack rip-off? Does McCarryM have any clue at all? Well, what can you expect from a place called Farmville, Virginia. That person needs to get some facts straight before writing an idiotic review like that. Alice in  Chains is one of the greatest metal bands of all time, and Godsmack is a  crappy rip-off of them! Dirt is definitely their best, with songs like  Rooster and Angry Chair being the best, but they're all good. Layne Staley  is only paralelled as a lyricist by Axl Rose. Just don't ever call AIC  &quot;grunge.&quot; Their too talented for that term. Dirt is highly  recommended.
067101756X|1.0|I want to believe in other life. That is why I read this book. This book could not come close to convincing me. Actually I believe something could have happened at Roswell but not because of this piece of fiction. Isn't  odd how everything has happened to this gentleman? He was everywhere he  needed to be to cross paths with this stuff so many times. How he knows  what everyone else was thinking and what they believed, including but not  limited to the Leader of the Soviet Union? What about the tangets he goes  off on like &quot; The CIA, KGB, British Service, and a whole host of other  foreign intelligence agencies were loyal to themselves and to the  profession first and to their respective governments last.&quot; If that  was the case when would be being loyal to their respective goverments ever  occur? Wouldn't being loyal to their own government invarably infringe on  another spi organization. Give me a break!! What about the fact he shows  not one shred of evidence, only pictures of himself and of old UFO pictures  that everyone has seen and has the ability to obtain. Shouldn't he have had  at least something after practically singlehandedly being responsible for  all he claims? And in the first edition? I hear they may have been small  bits of visuals added to latter additions but why not include all you could  in the original &quot;Tell All&quot; book. I will tell you why, because he  didn't have anything. Even back to the firefighter that took evidence form  the crash site. Over the years the fabric was lost like so many family  heirlooms? Give me a break! Would you lose something like that? I think  not.  This book would have been better off listed under fiction. At least  then people could wonder if there wasn't some truth to it. As it is, all  the deficiency this book lays out as truth has to make me wonder if it has  any thruth at all.
6301562925|1.0|Deemed as the worst Halloween film ever! Here are some of it's faults: 1. Too violent. The Halloween films (1 and 4 at least) are supposed to be tame. 2. Not scary or suspenseful.
0783113145|4.0|I saw this video many times and I lived the format of this movie with one execption, we did not have any conflict with blacks from our town. We hung together and raise some hell tgether. In the end it was tragic the way C's  friends died because of their blind hatred and stupidy. That was truly a  waste of talent
B000002UV9|5.0|Almost every song on this CD kicks ***...Don't pay attention to those idiots who say that &quot;Queensryche sold out&quot; or &quot;the only good Queensryche CD's were made in the 80's.&quot;  Silent Lucidity has to be  one of the greatest, most beautiful rock songs ever written.  <br />This CD  never leaves the CD Player.
B000002UEB|5.0|The album that turned me on to Queensryche. One of the few CDs I own that I'll listen to all the way through.  Each song leads in to the next.  Great music and an interesting story.  10 years later, I still listen to it  often.
B00000JCB2|1.0|An insult to anyone with an IQ above room temperature!  Unfortunately, the horrific bacteria  known as &quot;rap-metal&quot; has flourished and continues to spread.  The most fertile environment for this bacteria is an  ignorant mind.  Advice to lovers of this genre of music- &quot;PULL UP YOUR  PANTS AND GET A LIFE!&quot;
0140177396|5.0|Of Mice and Men, by John Stienbeck is a great book.  Alhough it started out slowly, the shocking ending is wonderful.  Stienbecks very discriptive writing, and his knack for greAt novels, makes this one of the best books  I've ever read.
B00000DMJF|5.0|This is the most outspoken album of the Beatles, and yet it is the greatest. Every other collection is excellent, but this is just incredible.
B000002579|5.0|I do not know why I'm writing a review of this album.  Reviews usually include objective comments on the merits of a work and insights into where the work falls short.  Leftoverture does not fall short in anyway.  By far  one of the best albums ever produced and clearly THE standard for arena  rock breakouts of the 1970s.<br />Kismet was at work for this quint in 1976  when they put this disk together.  Walsh was experiencing a bit of writers  block, but Livgren more than filled the void with Carry On (which almost  never made it to the disk), The Wall, Miracles Out of Nowhere, and Cheyenne  Anthem.  Swelling anthems to be sure!  Great hooks in each of em.  Inspired  lyrics that no other American act comes close to and few Brits could  best.<br />Cover art set the standard for the band.  They bested it with Point  of Know Return, and Monolith's covers but Leftoverture remains among the  best cover art of all time.<br />Bottom line, there is nothing that misses in  this album.  If you're a Kansas newbie, here's where you get your start.   Try Leftoverture and you'll fill your basket with the rest of the  discography.<br />Questions?  email me . . .
B00000K2SE|5.0|I can not express how great this movie is, is must be seen to be belived.  This movie was made for DVD. Has alot of great extras on the disk.  If you have a dvd player and a great surround sound system then you must buy the  Matrix on DVD. I also  highly recommend The Mummy, Alien Legacy, and the  Nightmare On Elm Et. box set.
B0000025BL|4.0|It's all bombast and cheese,but it's full of EMOTION,something today's music is seriously lacking.The members of The E Street Band who appear on this album came darn close to repeating the beautiful music they made on  Bruce's second album,and louder is always better.Todd Rundgren is the real  mastermind here,each instrument is recorded at just the right level,never  forgetting that Mr. Loaf is the focal point of the cheesefest.Is this the  same Ellen Foley that was on Night Court with Harry Andersen and Richard  Moll? And does anybody have the PICTURE DISC version?
B000001Y16|5.0|Me and My Girlfriend fits me, to live and die in la is da bomb makaveli is tu pac
B00000J7I3|4.0|The first time I heard this album was at a keg party in the early '80's and having had too much  beer I thought the record was playing at the wrong speed. No, he really sings like that. After laughing my *** off I actually  listened and although it was against my hardcore/punk sensibilities, I had  to admit I actually liked it. It took me awhile to understand where the  Crue was coming from. They are part of a musical tradition that includes  the New York Dolls, Kiss, Aerosmith and even Sweet and the Sex Pistols. To  my knowledge they were also one of the first glam rock bands to detune  their guitars, giving them a heavier sound and enablling Vince Neil to hit  them castrato high notes. Rock on dudes, this one is solid from back to  front.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I liked Blink's singles from Dude Ranch but I never really had an interest in the band until I heard the single &quot;What's My Age Again&quot;, so I decided to pick up &quot;Enema of the State&quot;.  I'm glad I did because  its a very catchy and fun album. I just couldn't stop listening to it.  If  you're looking for an upbeat, fun, sing-a-long in the car type  album then  this is the CD for you.
B00001P4RI|4.0|'The guy from Dead Can Dance' makes an entrancing solo debut with &quot;Eye of the Hunter&quot;. A rather moody and contemplative record, recorded with the pristine clarity we've come to expect from DCD records,  listeners will not find this to be much of a departure from Perry's tracks  on Dead Can Dance records.  The difference is a more acoustic and  unclutterd approach -- the world-music percussion of DCD's last record is  gone, but Perry's trademark dramatic synths and gentle guitar picking  remain.  Standout tracks are the opening &quot;Saturday's Child&quot; and  the closer &quot;Archangel&quot; .. both of which feature some surprising  new vocal stylings.  This is fine and beautiful music -- a perfect rainy  Sunday record!
6302902010|2.0|Filmed in Todd-AO and six-track stereo, Samuel Goldwyn's loving treatment of the Gershwin masterpiece--with a once-in-a-lifetime cast--could and should be digitally remastered, enhanced with Dolby, and released in the  appropriate aspect ratio of 2.2:1 so that new generations can bask in its  wonder.  The currently available version is musically fine but visually and  dramatically flat by comparison with the 1959 Goldwyn release.
B000002UDG|4.0|Although it was never a hit,&quot;Beware My Love&quot; from Speed of Sound deserves a spot on McCartney's best.  I remember listening to this song as nine-year-old recently made aware of the Beatles and thinking this is what  the Beatles might have become as I lay on the floor and let this rocker  spin me around the room.
B000005JAK|5.0|I've had this for over 10 years and own over 2000 lps and this is still the best album i have. It sounds better on vinyl but whatever format its the playing and the songs that make it a classic. Husker Du must be my all  time favourite band, they take all the melodicism of The Beatles and marry  it with the buzzsaw intensity of Ramones and shoot it all through with such  emotion and passion it never fails to connect. This ones their best album  (though its hard to choose really)as it contains Bob Mould's heartbreaking  ballads Too Far Down and Hardly Getting Over It and Grant Hart's amazing  organ driven Sorry Somehow. They only managed 1 more album after this, the  outstanding Warehouse but this is their Nevermind, Pet Sounds, Revolver and  Rocket To Russia all rolled into one. Its really that good, actually its  better!!
B00000K2SC|5.0|The matrix had all the elements of a great film.  A well thought out plot, a story that captured your imagination. Action scenes that were creative and well thought out. The best performance by Larry Fishburn and Keeanu  Reeves that I have ever seen.  Include some great and unique cimematography  and non-traditional mood music and this movie becomes the greatest film of  all time.
6305587159|5.0|If you like ST, you'll like insurrection. Sure, there are some annoying parts (especially the joystick!). It still was good. I still like FC better. It makes a good two part episode. Not the best ST movie in the  world, but I still enjoyed it. It is funny too!
B000005DQR|5.0|This CD is one of the most masterful trance/trip-hop albums I've seen in a long time.  Midnight in a perfect world is definetly among the greatest technodance songs of this Decade!
6302732875|5.0|A review of the movie would just say what others have said here.  It's great, the ensemble cast is superb, etc.  I really wrote this to explain the dialogue others have seen fit to criticize.  The repetition, the  writing style, is standard David Mamet.  It has nothing to do with  vocabulary of annoying you.  Nobody wants to read a lesson on literary  style here, so suffice it to say that if you can get past a different style  of writing you'll see a fantastic movie with really powerful performances  by a great cast.
1895565669|1.0|I was fine until I found the mother crawling across the floor of her son's room at night.  And when she began driving across town to climb into his window at night, I wondered if I was the only one who found this a rather  unhealthy image.  I think you can teach unconditional love without the  undertones of ownership and dysfunctional attachments.  I think most people  just pretend the mother crawling across the floor section doesn't  exist---however, I couldn't ignore it, so I won't be buying this book for  any child.
B000002MP2|5.0|Green Day was skewered by the &quot;punk rock underground&quot; when they released Dookie for being &quot;too commercial&quot; and &quot;selling out&quot;.  Yeah, whatever.  The best &quot;punk&quot; rock has always been  downright hummable.  The Sex Pistols are as catchy as they get.  Green Day  concocted 12 or so immaculate punk ditties on Dookie, much like the Sex  Pistols did on Never Mind the Bollocks.  The songs are good and the  musicianship is top notch.  Mike Dirnt and Tre Cool are the perfect bedrock  rhythm section for Billy Joe Armstrong's sloppily expert guitar work.   Ignore all the pretense behind what is &quot;punk&quot; and put on this  record to rock out.
B00000IQMT|5.0|I have all the star wars soundtracks and the old trilogy i'm cant what for the new trilogy to come out i'm going to get that one too i have the Episode1 soundtrack and i love it thanxs for making this one John Williams  keep up the good work
B000002BYD|4.0|It was bad enough for sales that Pearl Jam stopped making videos after Ten, but releasing the decidedly uncommercial &quot;Sometimes&quot; as the first single off No Code?  After the commercial disaster that was No Code,  the Jam returned to old formula with Yield.  Gone are the spiritual  deliberations that dominated No Code; in are the tried-and-true mixture of  boogie workouts and life-affirming meditations.  Pearl Jam have their thing  and they do it well- don't go changing on us boys!
0375707972|5.0|Between the lines we can feel the fresh sensibility of this beautiful story. Sure the crimes were horrible but one can't  stay unmoved before the ones who have read to her. I hope one day I become a Reader and shall make  a difference in the lives of others as Michael did so naively.
B000001IPL|2.0|The Offspring often start off their live shows by announcing that they play &quot;dumb punk rock&quot;.  No argument here- that's what they do a lot of the time.  Now, the Ramones never exactly claimed to be geniuses,  which enables the &quot;dumb punk rock&quot; label to be a badge of honor  of sorts.  The Offspring are actually at their best when they aren't dumb.   Basic maybe, but not dumb.  Witness &quot;Self Esteem&quot;, a  funny-as-hell ditty about self-worth-- basic lyrics with basic music.  Pick  your spots carefully with this album, some songs are a lot better than  others.  Not bad overall, but not smashing.
B000002C1W|2.0|Basically a David Gilmour solo effort, this album lacks the thematic cohesion and lyrical ability of earlier Floyd albums. &quot;Signs of Life&quot; is a good introduction with its quiet ambient sounds, and  &quot;Learning to Fly&quot; is one of my favourite Floyd songs. But the  rest of this album doesn't appeal to me because it's so lame and uneven.  &quot;Terminal Frost&quot; and &quot;A new machine part 1+2&quot; are  pretty much filler, &quot;On the turning away&quot; is very pathetic but  hollow, &quot;Sorrow&quot; is unlistenable for me because of this ugly  guitars. David Gilmour doesn't leave out a chance to trap into art-rock  cliches. Stay away from this album and buy some of Floyd's '70s work.
B0000028UK|5.0|Eddie and the boys have released several strong albums, but Vs. showcases the band at the height of their powers.  A quantam leap beyond Ten, this album proved that the Seattle-based quartet weren't gonna be just some  flash in the &quot;grunge&quot; pan.  The acoustic-based tunes,  &quot;Daughter&quot; and &quot;Elderly Woman&quot; are the highlights here,  but the signature ballast and boogie tracks are in the mix as well.  It's  fitting that at the height of their popularity, Pearl Jam managed to  deliver their finest hour on record as well.
B000005HNQ|5.0|This was my first taste of The Gathering since their very first album (with death vocals!)and I must say I was very impressed. Vocalist Anneke van Giersbergen completely carries this record by enchanting the listener  with her soothing, ethereal vocals. And the band ain't no slouch either, as  their musical backdrop complements Anneke's vocals perfectly and makes  listening to &quot;Nighttime Birds&quot; an experience unto itself. Tracks  like &quot;On Most Surfaces&quot;, &quot;May Song&quot;, &quot;Nighttime  Birds&quot;, and &quot;Shrink&quot; were favorites of mine, but it was hard  to pick songs of note since most of the tracks are 'compilation worthy.'
B000002J09|4.0|As a 17 year old senior in High School i can say that it has become V-E-R-Y trendy as of late to be &quot;into&quot; the classic stuff, most notably Zeppelin, The Doors and Pink Floyd. I myself am a devoted  metalhead, my favorite bands being Meshuggah and Nevermore. Why exactly  these three bands have become so trendy recently i can not say. Anyways,  even though Zeppelin is &quot;supposed&quot; to be the greatest rock band  of all time...blah blah blah i find it hard  to accept that fact. Sure they  ARE good but really, that &quot;greatest ever&quot; nonsense is just  popular opinion. I personally feel Bad Company is the all-time greatest  classic rock band but you hardly hear their name often from most young  people these days. Anyways, this CD is an excellent piece of classic rock  to be sure but not the best of all time like its said to be. If you are too  young like me to remember the days when these bands we're popular, i  suggest you spend time really listening to a lot of stuff from back then,  there IS life beyond Zeppelin, Doors and Floyd.
B000001Y16|3.0|This is my fifth favorite album by 2Pac. My favorite songs are &quot;Bomb First&quot;, &quot;Hail Mary&quot;, &quot;Toss It Up,&quot; &quot;To Live And Die In LA&quot;, &quot;Life Of An Outlaw&quot;, &quot;Just Like  Daddy&quot;, and &quot;Crazy&quot;. But the song &quot;Me And My  Girlfriend&quot; was a major disappointment. That's the reason why for the  3 stars.
6302206294|5.0|I never knew Kevin Costner before this this film. I love this movie! Everyone is perfectly cast. You can feel the grit and grime! The witch is perfect! You can feel this movie in your blood! Azim is a treat! I wish I  could have saved Duncan!
B00000163G|5.0|When I listened to this album, it had alot of phat tracks. How Do You Want It is my favorite song on this album. Disc One is better than Disc Two but overall it's a great album. If 2Pac was still alive, I would have liked to  hear him do a song with Snoop Doggy Dogg and Dr. Dre. Well at least he does  a song with the both of them but only seperately.Oh well!
0553296981|5.0|So far ,me and my friends have found this book an inspiration to our lives.It portrays joys,misery sadness and love in words few can do.I know that even thought some people might think differently, it is but an  individual thought.I sincerely recommend this book to people all ages,races  and beliefs.Although the diary is causes much depression it is still worth  reading and let the legacy of a young woman continue.In short,all I have to  say is that I thoroughly enjoyed this diary.Thank you.
B00000055E|5.0|I like this album. The songs are awsome and the lyrics are kickin'. My favorite song is &quot;Do For Love.&quot; Any of you who don't have this album have to get it.
B0000020C4|3.0|Although this soundtrack is absolutely breathtaking, it is a distant second in terms of the best Les Miz recording to the Complete Symphonic Recording (CSR) of the show which I don't think Amazon sells.  For those  who don't know, it is the entire show on CD, and the performers are superb.   I have a hard time dealing with Colm Wilkinson who talks through too many  of his lines and sounds really cheesy when trying to 'act' them out.  The  CSR has Gary Morris who's sounds so much more vibrant and can sustain the  notes that he sings.  Of course, I will adore this album for 3 reasons, Lea  Salonga, Judy Kuhn, and the finale which blows you over with the chorus  getting in on the act.  Oh yeah, plus there's that neat rendition of  international Jean Valjeans.  Unfortunately, Philip Quast and Michael Ball  were better on the CSR, as was Anthony Warlow who absolutely destroys  Michael Maguire as Enjolras any day.  Thenardier wasn't that great either.   Overall, I like alternating between the two recordings, only listening to  parts I like from one or the other, but both are excellent recordings of  course.  But I just want to make sure people are aware that the CSR exists  and has qualities about it that are lacking in this concert version.
B000002G87|5.0|This is the only album I've ever heard that, the first time I heard it, I had to stop everything I was doing the moment the first note was played.  Even now, I try not to listen to this album if I have a lot to do, because  I never know what mood I'll be in after hearing it.  Sometimes it soothes  me as no other music can, other times my heart wrenches painfully. This  music is exquisite and involving.  For once in history, everything came  together perfectly to create an album beyond perfection.  I agree with  whomever it was that said, &quot;I want to be buried with this  album...&quot;  I've been saying that for years....
B000002MG1|5.0|I can safely say that this, along with U2's &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; is my favourite album of all time. There isn't one song on the album which isn't a demonstration of genius. The lyrics, the melodies, the different  instruments all blend together into perfection. wow.
0425107469|4.0|He may re-work the same idea many times in his different novels (Mr. Murder seemed WAY too much like Hideaway) and use some seriously 2 dimensional characters in many of them, but with Watchers, Dean Koontz  tells such an original story with such rich detail that it stands out.  It  still isn't as deeply layered as some of Stephen King's (not all of King is  untouchable, as Cujo sucked) but Koontz really tells a compelling story  with Watchers.
B000007MVM|5.0|This is an impressive collection of songs! I'm indelibly impressed with &quot;Long Gone&quot; - with its wonderfully clever symbolic mind-melting lyrics: &quot;The bigger they come, the larger her hand, till no one  understand...&quot; Be there (Exit Laughing).
B00000BKDS|5.0|First an (easy) observation: Mark Blake needs therapy, or he simply doesn't have a clue about heavy metal. Now about the title: This is probably the best Maiden CD. ALL the songs are of a high quality. In fact  this is the only Maiden CD I don't skip any song. Paul Di Anno's voice fits  excellently to these songs (I disagree Bruce Dickinson can perform them  better!). Clive Burr is also considered better than Nicko McBrain and  Dennis Stratton makes a fantastic couple with Dave Murray (although Dave  found the perfect match with Adrian Smith). I like each and everyone of the  songs but especially Phantom of the Opera is a metal masterpiece.
6305627401|5.0|Oh my gosh, I can't believe that someone couldn't get that this movie is not sopposed to be view in a critical way. Just sit back and watch and laugh, that's all there is to it. Unbelievable! I love this movie! I  recomend it to everyone (except kids)!!
B00000JCOV|5.0|I bought static X like two days before I discovered Slipknot and I won't even listen to Static X!!!  Slipknot is HEAVY!!  It is definately not Korn nor limp bizkit!!  Although I like both of those bands, this is the  HEAVIEST and MOST VIOLENT CD I have ever heard.  I was sorry that I WASTED  my money on STATIC X teh day before but was glad that I discovered  Slipknot.  MUST own!!!  And why does everyone have to classify all these  bands as Metal or Rap...its music, and if you like it...LISTEN TO IT! by  the way there isn't much rapping on this album. WAIT AND BLEED AND PURITY  ARE THE BEST TRACKS BUT ALL OF THEM RULE!
B000001IPL|5.0|This combines punk and rock with some great tunes that you find humming to yourself for the rest of the day. Being an Offspring fan, this is the best Offspring CD I've heard. If you like Offspring, you'll love Smash!
B000002NFM|5.0|MUSIC CAN POSSIBLY GET ANY BETTER. I DON'T BELIEVE THAT EVEN PRODIGY THEMSELVE CAN BEAT THIS ALBUM. THIS IS THE BEST ALBUM, I'VE EVER OWNED AND UNLESS THE GOD OF MUSIC COMES DOWN TO CONTRADICT IT, I AM NOT GOING TO  LISTEN TO ANYONE TELLING ME THAT THIS IS ONLY GOOD. IF SOMEBODY STILL DOES  NOT OWN IT, THEY NEED TO TURN THE COMPUTER OFF AND GET IT RIGHT NOW, AND IF  THE MUSIC STORES ARE CLOSED, BRAK IN... EVERY SECOND WITHOUT THIS ALBUM IS  WASTED. <br />I BELIEVE THAT PRODIGY HAS BEEN ONE OF THE TOPMOST BANDS FOR A  LONG TIME, WITH TRACKS LIKE THEIR LAW, POISON, ETC.... BUT THIS ALBUM IS  THE BEST IN ITS WHOLE GENERE... AND BELIEVE ME, I KNOW A LOT ABOUT MUSIC...  I HAVE A DATABASE OF EVERY SINGLE RECORD RELEASED IN THE WORLD.. IN THE  WORLD! SO GO AND GET IT NOW! I SAID
B00001QGPR|5.0|What's amazing about this album is it's unique subtext--lyrical and musical. What Bowie does here is take a look at the past and present through the eyes of a man in his mid 50's -who may or may not be Bowie- but  who is yearning for something not quite defined.  The musical references  are largely to his own body of work. This is another classic from an artist  who is still essential.
B000001FS3|5.0|JUST THE GREATEST ALBUM OF ALL TIME - EVERY SONG IS A GEM - EVERY SONG CLEARLY MEANS SOMETHING TO THE MEMBERS OF THE BAND - AS AN IRISH PERSON, I AM EXCEPTIONALLY PROUD OF MY FELLOW COUNTRYMEN -
B00001QGPR|5.0|From Beginning to finish, &quot;Hours...&quot; is a delight! David Bowie has done it again.  Since the release of &quot;Black Tie White Noise&quot; in early 1993 through this masterpiece, David bowie has displayed only  creative genius.
B00000J6AG|2.0|Most of the reviews I've read say that this is Moby's best album. I think that Everything is Wrong is a much more interesting and varied album. Play is too long, and the songs all tend to run together. I have never been able  to listen to the whole thing, because frankly, it gets a little tedious.  It's true that on the tracks like Honey, Find My Baby and Run On, where  Moby samples blues and gospel vocals, the CD really picks up some steam.  Unfortunately those tracks don't really represent the entire album. Check  out Everything is Wrong if you're just coming to Moby's music.
B00000K2SE|5.0|The Matrix (VHS), while jam packed with state-of-the-art F/X, relies upon a gripping story, characters who actually grow, and the classic unfolding of the Hero's Journey for its impact.  I had to watch it twice to see it  once.  Some of the cinematic elements remind me at once of Ridley Scott's  Blade Runner and Disney's Tron.  The plot itself is a hipper, more  thoughtful and logical extension of questions raised in those films about  the nature of reality and how manipulation of reality forms human society.   The awesome special effects and kung-fu coreography provide eye-candy to  accompany a meaty, soul-food fable about the search for Truth and the  journey towards self-knowledge. As Neo awakens to the nature of the reality  he thought he knew, the viewer awakens with him.  The message here is that  we can accept everything at face value and be comfortable, or we can take  the more hazardous course and question it all.  The price of comfort is  nothing less than our humanity.  The price of maintaining our humanity is  to sacrifice comfort and safety for something greater than ourselves.   Matrix owes as much to Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness as it does to  &quot;cyber-punk&quot; fiction.  It is thoughful and thought-provoking,  thrilling to watch and enthralling to contemplate.  In case you couldn't  tell, I really liked this flick.  I don't know if it likes me.
B00000DMJF|5.0|Ranks with \\"A Hard Day's Night,\\" \\"Rubber Soul\\" and \\"Abbey Road\\" as the Beatles' best. The official amazon.com review of this work gives slightly short shrift to McCartney's work here but it is in fact every bit as powerful as Lennon's, with \\"Helter Skelter,\\" \\"Back in the USSR,\\" \\"Martha My Dear\\" (it's about Jane Asher, not his dog), and \\"Why Don't We Do It in the Road,\\" among other cuts. (McCartney's work in 1968 alone, what with this stuff, plus the singles \\"Hey Jude\\" and \\"Lady Madonna,\\" is the equivalent of whole careers for about half the people in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.) The other highlights of this album for me are Lennon's \\"I'm So Tired\\" and \\"Happiness Is a Warm Gun,\\" and the most beautiful song he ever wrote, \\"Dear Prudence.\\" Heck, the harmonies on \\"Dear Prudence\\" are worth the price of admission, where they go \\"rooooouuuuuunnnnndddddd.\\"
B000002UAF|5.0|Listening to this album transports me into another time, when music crackled through valve radios and tinny transistors, when pop and rock were still dismissed as frivolous youth fodder by radio programmers and  'serious' artistes. How quickly things changed with &quot;A Hard Day's  Night&quot; - movie and record. From then on no self respecting  musician/performer would dare ignore the Fab's swirling melodies, insistent  beat and incisive lyrics. Similarly, film producers hopped onto the  bandwagon, force feeding a bemused public with pop group movies - from  Gerry &amp; Pacemakers' &quot;Ferry Cross The Mersey&quot; to Dave Clark  Five's &quot;Catch Us If You Can&quot;, and a host of best forgotten  potboilers.<br />Only the Beatles could really distill the essence of the beat  however in visual and musical form, brilliantly capturing the mood of  breaking free in the 'Can't Buy Me Love&quot; sequence, or poking fun at  themselves in &quot;If I Fell&quot;. <br />Musically, the group was  experimenting with new styles, ranging from the melodic strains of  &quot;And I Love Her&quot; (pointing the way to &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;  and &quot;Yesterday&quot;), through to the complex chord changes and  harmonic counterpoint of &quot;Things We Said Today&quot; and &quot;I'll Be  Back&quot;, while &quot;I'll Cry Instead&quot; foreshadowed the  introspection of &quot;You've Got To Hide Your Love Away&quot; and the  angst of Lennon's &quot;Mother&quot;. <br />The title song is of course the  group's crowning achievement, brilliantly structured and executed, this  song (and accompanying album) remains the Beatles' shining hour.
078322706X|3.0|I'm somewhat surprised at all the glowing 5-star reviews and true passion for this movie.  While I have to say that I enjoyed \\"Meet Joe Black\\", gaping plot holes (even for a fantasy) and a one-note performance by the  leading lady (Forlani?) really began to wear on me.<br />I saw this movie  twice.  A two-hour version on an airplane, and recently the three-hour  video.  I must admit the two-hour version had a lot going for it and piqued  my interest for viewing the uncut version.  As it turns out, the two-hour  version was less painful.  It successfully delete all reference to the weak  sub-plot concerning the take-over attempt of Anthony Hopkin's business by  his prospective son-in-law.  Not only was this long, and sometimes tedious,  sub-plot unnecessary, it seemed typical Hollywood and didn't ring true  (basic idea being:  young man worms his way in a high-powered and very  successful business as number two man, gets engaged to beautiful daughter,  and all for the purpose of destroying the business, the man, and his own  fiancee?  As it turns out, the chairman's forced resignation only happened  because of Joe Black's strange presence and Hopkins obvious distracted  state of mind--which seems very contrived to me--cause and effect?).  Add  to that, I am now suppose to believe that this brilliant business giant  (Hopkins) doesn't even check with his private physician (which he must  have, being that rich) about his heart attacks?  Stretched my suspension of  disbelief.<br />What \\"Meet Joe Black\\" had going for it was the fairly serious  tone of what is usually played as a `light' comedy-fantasy (although it did  have its cute and enduring moments).  Anthony Hopkins (as usual) was a  powerful force and I enjoyed almost all of the other performances,  including Brad Pitt's.  However, the leading lady's `puppy-dog' longing  (and long / silent) stares aimed at Joe Black, while charming at first,  made me cringe by the end of the movie.  And what is with the ending?   Don't you think it odd, after finally realizing the true situation, she  wouldn't walk (no, run) over the hill after her beloved father?  Nope.   Didn't happen.  Instead, she turns and walks off with Joe, amidst the  fireworks, leaving her obviously dead father to fertilize the grounds.  Gee  whiz, folks, happens every day;-)<br />Between 1 and 10, I give \\"Meet Joe  Black\\" a solid 6.  Honestly, I truly liked this movie.  And while I think  it had real potential of being a 5-star movie, there was just too much  filler and fodder for me.
B000002GOZ|4.0|I have been a BA fan for about 8 years now. Yes, I would die to meet him and I must say this is his best album yet. He transforms his classics beautifully by adding cultural flair. I was so moved by his unplugged  rendition of &quot;I'm ready&quot; and &quot;Fits You Good.&quot; His music  has always gone straight to my heart and has once again on this album. I  congratulate Bryan and his band, which I know all by names. I have enjoyed  his music for years and I will continue to do so in the future. Anyway, if  you're a fan, don't let this album pass you by, it's a must!! Hope Bryan  comes my way soon in AZ.
6303014100|5.0|&quot;Gettysburg&quot; is a wonderful but gut wrenching movie that should be seen by anyone who needs to put the most pivotal battle of the Civil War into context.  This movie will appeal to both Yankee and Confederate  hearts, and will get the point across that war is hell.      I went to  Gettysburg and stood at the statue dedicated to the Army of Virginia.  As I  looked across that open expanse to the &quot;angle&quot; I could only stand  there and weep.  For a moment I was transported back to a time when men  were slaughtered because they believed in a cause who's time had come and  gone in America.  And I could feel deep inside me the same cold fear that  I'm sure many soldiers felt as they waited for the command to move forward.   Mr. Death waited for many of them on Cemetary Ridge.  But they went and  did their duty.      You need to watch this video with your children.   Perhaps afterward you could discuss with them the importance of the battle  and its impact on our nation's most terrible moment.  I would also strongly  suggest that you plan a trip to Gettysburg Battlefield after seeing the  movie.  It will be well worth your time.
0670287059|5.0|I was introduced to this book during my language arts class for elementary education majors.  Our wonderful professor read this book to us as a read aloud experience.  All of us being adults was abosolutely fasinated by this  book.  We were all trying to find the charatcers on each page and each one  of us fell in love with this book.  This book is so much fun but it also  gives young children the chance to learn how to read by hearing the rhyming  words used throughout the book.  I have read this book to several children  and I cannot express to you enough how much each one of them love this  book.  Please purchase this book!!!!!!!!! I insure you it will be a  treasure for your child and you as well.
6305470448|1.0|After watching Cate Blanchett's performance in &quot;Elizabeth&quot;,  I couldn't wait for the release of &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot;.  What a disappointment!  The movie is predictable, boring and just plain SILLY.   What a waste of talent!   It is hard to believe that this bit of fluff  actually won the Academy Award for Best Picture.   Although Gweneth Paltrow  and Julie Densch's performances were good, in my opinion they were not  &quot;oscar worthy&quot;.   I've seen better performances on Masterpiece  Theater.<br />I appreciate William Shakespeare and his play &quot;Romeo &amp;  Juliet&quot;, but it's really a shame that they were in any way connected  to this mess of a movie.
0684857820|5.0|Even before I write a commentary about Alice Sebold's book, I know that a mini-review like this could never do it justice.  &quot;Lucky&quot; is an incredible book, written by an incredible author.  What struck me most  about Sebold's writing is her unadorned honesty.  A previous reviewer  stated that she found the characters to be cliche.  I found the book and  characters to be exactly the opposite.  While reading &quot;Lucky&quot;, I  wondered to myself if I could be as open and honest as Sebold writes.   Probably not, was my answer.  &quot;Lucky&quot; is a book that is written  with a clear and honest voice; a voice that stayed with me for weeks after  reading the book.  And there was humor.  Humor which both surprised  me--because it struck me that a book about rape shouldn't contain  humor--then made perfect sense to me, because Alice Sebold is a human being  and humor is one of the functions that human beings employ in dealing with  pain.  <br />This could have very easily have been a &quot;poor me&quot; book,  and maybe some readers have the expectations that it should be more that  type of book.  One of the main reasons that I found &quot;Lucky&quot; to be  as compelling as it is, is because of what it isn't. &quot;Lucky&quot; is  not a book filled with self pity.  I don't want to say that Sebold's book  isn't emotional, because it most certainly is, but the emotions aren't worn  on Alice Sebold's sleeves.  She writes in a way in which a reader can  understand some of the pain and trauma she has gone through (and I can only  imagine, still deals with), but that emotion and pain does not get in the  way of her being an excellent narrator.  The narration in unnerving at  times, because of how concise a writer Sebold is.  She writes the story of  her life and rape (as they are intertwined) in a very straight foward and  matter-of-fact fashion.  Maybe time and distance have allowed that type of  narration to occur.  But Sebold's straight fowardness has not resulted in a  cold narration.  &quot;Lucky&quot; is an incredible book written by a  fragile human being; a human being who has bravely written what would have  to be one of the most painful experiences ever to occur in anyone's life.   In writing &quot;Lucky&quot;, I feel that Alice Sebold has presented a gift  to all of us.  A gift of her pain, honesty, humor and fragility.  I thank  her for this gift.
B00000I14Z|5.0|Mingus peaks here on such classics as \\"Jelly Roll\\", \\"Goodbye Pork Pie Hat\\",and \\"Boogie Stop Shuffle\\" among others that are equally breathtaking. There are moments on this cd where the music streams out with such energy and force that you don't miss the raw nature of an analog recording for the cleanliness of a digital remastering. Mingus and the band here are away from his be-bop roots, but not so far that you can't hear or feel them. It also catches a point where the listener can here his inspiration and influences as well as the jazz he, himself, inspired and influenced. The album is a joyful experience for jazz novice to jazz conoisseur. You can't go wrong with this one.
6304077955|5.0|Hallo liebe deutschsprachigen Amazon Besucher. ber diesen Film kann man nicht reden, man mu sich ihn einfach nur angucken.  Sehr spannend, sozialkritisch hart aber herzlich.
B000000OF6|4.0|the quality and the sound is good. but i had the impression that i would buy the goldplated version of this cd(which i owned in the past). this was the only disapointement i had about this CD
B000002UWF|5.0|It makes you smile it makes you dance. What more do you want
B0000029LG|5.0|This is the best cd i've ever heard! It has 15 of Michael's greatest hits plus 15 new songs.  l love Scream, TDCAU, Stranger in moscow, Earth song, You are not alone, HIStory and Smile + all the other's! Buy it!
0393317552|4.0|Diamond's book is a very useful perspective on the  great scope of human history, written from the biologist's point of view.  As use, it is a very good companion to other books, for example, Landes' The Wealth and Poverty  of Nations, which address many of the same questions from the economist's  point of view. Together, they do a far better job of explaining the rise of  the West than traditional history texts.
B0000025RI|5.0|The best selling album of all time! Need i say more
0790729725|5.0|Such a good movie. One of those movies where you're talking to somebody else about it, going &quot;what about the scene when so-and-so happened...&quot; Scene after scene gets permanently etched in your memory.  Personal favorite is the end, the denouement, the  Liotta-cooking-dinner-spotting-helicopters-hopped-up-on-coke scene. Best  movie I've seen this decade.
078062551X|5.0|The only thing that keeps you sane is that you don't believe it
6302968100|4.0|I could take or leave most of this movie, but the Walken-Hopper conversation is worth watching until the end of time.
B0000027F8|5.0|Don't let the pinhead who gave this album one star fool you, this album explores Michael's inner dealings with his homosexuality and his &quot;public&quot;.  The result is great music, emotional lyrics, and it  should get rid of the &quot;wham&quot; image forever.  I HATE popular music  but man o man is this album great!
B00000ILBK|3.0|Forget all of the talk about this film being too much like a 2-part TV episode.  While not an adrenaline rush as &quot;First Contact&quot; was, it is intelligent and engaging. I'm glad to see a &quot;Star Trek&quot; film  involving an ethical decision.  However, there is too much technobabble,  (especially in the less than exciting space battle between the Enterprise  and the Sona in the Briar Patch) and the film is painfully short (by at  least 15 minutes when you compare it with the other films).<br />My major  complaint with the film: the climactic sequence involving Picard, Worf, and  the Sona crew members was rushed, lacks excitement or tension, and was not  well-written.  If not for that, I would have given the film 4 stars. While  not the best &quot;Star Trek&quot; film, it is the best of the odd-numbered  ones.
0060925000|5.0|I am not qualified to judge, but bring on the sequel. That such a long and (physicallly) heavy book could be so delightful and charming , so light in its execution makes you feel it can't be serious literature.  Time will  tell. And finally, I'll bet that most readers, like me, are disappointed in  our heroine's choice, but it does not detract a whit  from one's enjoyment.
B00000JGOJ|5.0|I need to buy this movie already, I've rented it three times now (it is that good!)  I have never had a movie throw my emotions on a rollercoaster like this one.  It is funny and touching (and sometimes sad).  All of the  actors do a great job. --- ALSO, this has to be Ryan Phillipe's best acting  to date (not to mention he is hot!)
B000002UCQ|5.0|'All things must Past&quot; is the best post-Beatle album
B00000J7J4|5.0|has a lot of my favorite artist on it, and the songs are all good. My Uncle has borrowed it from me  miss it already.
B000000I0Q|4.0|Steve Hackett's solo work tends to be a mixed bag. Where he is a fine guitarist, his compositional skills are often not substantial enough to hold one's interest without the collaboration of equally talented cohorts(see Genesis). He is also prone to using inadequate vocalists-himself included, which sink the mediocre tunes even further. In fact the only two weak moments are when Hackett sings (briefly) and a female vocalist assumes the lead on the final cut. This recording and Darktown, twenty years later are the only recorded efforts by Hackett that stand up well over time. Mike Rutherford and Phil Collins in particular do a nice job in support here. This is  his strongest solo effort, worth procuring...Simon
0316920045|5.0|Part of the reason IJ is as difficult read is that DFW makes no attempt to highlight important information for us. Key facts are buried in the endnotes or given to us early in the novel, before we understand their  context. But it's also a bit re-assuring to know that somewhere in the  novel, most everything will be explained. In fact, it's actually a lot of  fun piecing together the story, and there aren't five pages of the book  that don't contain at least one wonderful insight (the section from  p.200-205 contains many). I've never before read such a long book that I  was so eager to re-read immediately upon finishing.
B000001GQJ|5.0|Each time I listen to this fabulous recording, I am again blown away by Argerich's passionate performance. To my ears, she is one of the most exciting pianists of the 20th Century. A true treasure and a wise choice  for the 100 best of the millennium...
068816689X|5.0|So much is effective and affecting here, especially the portrayal of the day-by-day dismantling of one life-a life representative of so many. The collaboration that went into relating this story is seamless; both the  narration of events and their analysis seem to come solely from Edith Hahn.  A deep and beautifully told tale of a life that was all too real.
B00000K19E|4.0|If you like sci-fri movies, you will definitely like this one.  This has one of the best special effect I ever seen.  But the kung fu portion is just slightly fake.  Well I guess it is because none of the artor or  artress is martial artist.  Anyway this is a very good movies.
B00000J7JO|4.0|It's not their best, but it's definately worth buying. They've changed there style a bit, but it still rocks compared to all of today's late 90's crap.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana is not your typical pop band.  Santana is the only musician to have performed at all three Woodstocks.  Despite the songs with Everlast, Hill, and John are very bad.  (Why do all musicians today have to do a song  with a rapper).  But the rest of the songs are Classic Santana.  If you are  a classic Rock Fan, this is a definate buy.
1556154844|3.0|Junior programmers will probably enjoy this book, but profi programmers won't find more than 5% of this book useful. There is too much theory, and the whole book would fit to 300 pages (instead of 840). Buy this book if  you dont have more than 2-3 years of software-construction experience. This  book would deserve 5 stars, when you change the name to: &quot;Code  complete: a practical handbook of software construction for  BEGINNERS&quot;. For experienced programmers is 3 stars rating of this book  more than enough...
0782008372|1.0|I am still seething having bought what I believed to be the ultimate Highlander experience. Not only is the quality of the picture grainier than a bowl of cornflakes but the THX &quot;experience&quot; is, bar none, the  WORST soundtrack I have ever heard. In short DO NOT buy this dvd - maybe  some day people like Mr. Aaron Spelling will realise that consumers are not  the slack-jawed yokels he believes us to be.<br />What a complete waste of  time and money (my money that is). Mr. Lambert, Mr. Connery and co. are  rolling over in their respective graves - figuratively speaking of  course!!<br />I tried posting this review with a 0 star rating but was unable  to - needless to say the 1 star I had to give is 1 star too many.
6301966015|5.0|A successful free spirit of a photographer, who today would be called a yuppie or worse, realizes that he's accidentally and by chance captured evidence of a murder taking place. He gets obsessed with what he begins to  understand that he's found. He traces things back to the scene and finds  the body. Then he doesn't know what to do.  All the while the furniture of  the 60's hammers, throbs and snuggles him. Good movie.
6305627401|5.0|This movie had me in pain laughing, the first scene with Terrence and Philip made me cry, I couldn't even look at the screen because I was in such hysterics. The launguage is lued but has a point behind it, which is  why there is more than meets the eye, when you watch it. The songs are very  funny and do well at spoofing Disney and musicals in general. The Return of  the Jedi ending was also hilarious, how many of you picked up on it. They  just switched a couple things around so they probably wouldn't get sued.  This movie belongs with Caddyshack, Airplane, and the Naked Gun.
0679409920|5.0|It's a stunning book.  Greene, always the master of economy, never wrote a tighter or more beautifully focused novel.  <br />When students are introduced to Greene, it's almost invariably The Power and the Glory or The Heart of  the Matter (OK, maybe Brighton Rock), but this novel (and the electric,  phantasmagoric thriller The Ministry of Fear) may serve as a better  introduction to Greene's mammoth talents.<br />For an equally fascinating look  at the spy game, see Tom Stoppard's brilliant play HAPGOOD.
B000001EAQ|1.0|U2 is a band that will never be as good as bands like Pearl Jam, Nirvana, Soundgarden, Guns'n Roses and many others. This CD is very poor. U2 makes good music, but their best doesn't even approach PJ's or Nirvana's best.  The only good song in it is &quot;If God will send his angels&quot;, and  the rest of the songs is awful for a band that has songs like &quot;With or  without you&quot; and &quot;I still haven't found what I'm looking  for&quot;.
B00001QGPR|1.0|This is the third Bowie album in a row to be completely lacking in melody. Each overlong track is taken at a dull mid-tempo pace and none show the passion and spark of the vastly-superior Hunky Dory, the album to which  this is being inexplicably compared. Another dud.
B00000K19E|5.0|Of the thousands of movies I have seen, I would put this in the top 20.  Nuff said.<br />Some people have complained of problems with this DVD on their players.  My Panasonic A110 is listed as one of the &quot;problem&quot;  players.  However, I have watched it twice (so far) with not so much as a  glitch.  I have had problems with a very few other discs, but not this one.
B000002L5I|3.0|KWS obviously goes out of his way to try to evoke comparisons to SRV. He has the talent, but still lacks the originality to be one of the greats.  The solo on &quot;Chase the Rainbow&quot; sounds almost identical to SRV's  &quot;Tightrope.&quot; His first album was actually more original. He needs  to break away from his influences, and find his own style.
B00000K19E|5.0|No words can fully describe how great this movie is, you just have to go and watch it.
B000002UQJ|2.0|This is a major disappointment,coming off what was probably Paul's best overall album (Flowers in the Dirt).  The voice is in good form, but the material's thin.  While the title cut is pretty good and the  McCartney/Costello &quot;The Lovers That Never Were&quot; is great, the  rest of the album is incredibly lame.  &quot;Looking for  Changes&quot;---did he really think think was worth putting on the album?   Overall,his weakest effort since Wings at the Speed of Sound.
0446343129|4.0|I am not quite finished with this book, but ready I would say that I recommend it. The author gives a lot of historicaly information about sugar, including the health, economic and political issues that were (and  continue to be )tied to it. He describes his own experiences as a sugar  addict and how he overcame that, with wonderful healthly results. My  husband and I keep reading each other passages from the book...and I can no  longer eat sugar without feeling very bad about it. I am considering  serious diet changes due to reading this book. Please read this, because  Dufty is not telling us anything new, he is just revealing what has been  known for a very long time: sugar is dangerous for human health!
B000007XUQ|5.0|This is a wonderfully mastered CD that shows of the best of Karen Carpenter.  Listen to Santa Claus is Coming to town....she is very sexy on this song.  Merry Christmas Darling, Little Altar Boy and Ave Maria are  fantastic.  A must have for anybody who likes Christmas
079215228X|5.0|Ghost is one of those movies that will be a classic through the years.  Its serious, but with humor.  Whoopi Goldberg's character keeps the movie from getting too dark and heavy.  I remember when it first came out, some  people said they went to church for the first time in a long while.
6301930827|4.0|Although very implausible for it's plot, a deffectant group of Russian military personal lauch a missle from Turkey to the USSR in order to start WW III.  It was hard to believe that the secretary of defence or the Vice  President couldn't be reached during the war.  The Secretary of the  Interior becomes president after the real president's chopper goes down  from a bomb.  It's gripping action sequences and moral dilemas face a crew  of a B-52 bomber with the mission to destroy the Russian city of  Cheripovits.  A very good movie, but not excellent.
B000001GS4|5.0|There is no doubt, this is one of the very best musical performances of the Nutcracker suite.  You will hardly find a version of The Nutcracker in piano solo.  I am just facinated with this title, since the version of the  Piano Concerto No.1 by Tchaikovsky is lovely, and The Nutcracker is out of  this world.  I recoment this title to everyone who loves the Nutcracker  Suite since the opus 71a is just GREAT!!!
B000002J03|5.0|I can only stand a few artists from the 70's, and Led Zeppelin happens to be one of them. As far as I'm concerned, this is definately their best album, despite the fact their fourth album got all the attention.  &quot;Whole Lotta Love&quot;, &quot;What Is and What Should Never Be&quot;,  and &quot;Bring It On Home&quot; are the best songs on this record.
B000003TSP|5.0|I was staggering in the wastelands searching for an oasis and I stumbled upon PORTISHEAD to which I received relief from the sweltering heat and the endless days of stagnant sand.  It's an eeery, yet refreshing album that  sends shivers down my spine and makes me yearn to explore the darker sides  of life.  A tangent of the radio tunes that soothe my nerves, Beth's voice  awakens the demons inside of me that were once victims of the  &quot;mainstream&quot; coma.  My favorite is &quot;Undenied&quot; to which  I can relate without understanding the lyrics.  The frequent playing of  this particular song spurns a massive headache in my husband who can't  understand why a normal, level headed gal like me would be intrigued by  such &quot;morbid&quot; music.  I guess Portishead fans are a rare breed.   And I'm proud to be one of them!
B000005ZGZ|5.0|It would be blasphemic to pick one of the Fugazi albums instead of anothter. As always, their latest effort is the most interesting - this is also the case with &quot;End Hits&quot;. Agressive in places, laidback in  other. The thing that seperates Fugazi from other rock bands is Canty; the  drummer, the octopus. &quot;Break&quot; is evidence.
0792839625|4.0|The acting, singing, and dancing are fine. My only complaint is the substitution of two good songs, &quot;Hello Twelve&quot; and &quot;The Music and The Mirror&quot; with two mediocre songs. Why did they do that?
B00000DF6O|5.0|The king of blues is still alive and well. He proved this through this album!
B00000K19E|5.0|It didn't take long for cyberspace to fill up with comparisons between The Matrix and Blade Runner - but where are the comparisons to 2001 and The Terminator.    When Blade Runner was originally released in 1982, it was  considered to be a truly visionary prediction on what the future could  hold.    We knew that technology would have a profound effect on us, but  Rigley Scott's masterpiece envisioned technology embodied in the form of  human beings.   Blade Runner borrowed the concept of machines struggling to  be human from another great science fiction epic of the late 60's,  2001 -  A Space Odyssey.   Although Kubrick and Scott both demonstrated an  incredible sense of foresight, they could not have anticipated  how  technology would truly develop.  James Cameron, who recently sank the  Titanic to cash in $$$, also demonstrated vision in the sci-fi/action  magnum opus, The Terminator. <br /> Fast-forward 17 years from Blade Runner  and The Terminator to 1999 and the birth of The Internet.  Andy and Larry  Wachowski  take Kubrick's original vision  plus 30 years of  technological  innovation and blow past Scott and Cameron to create what should be  considered  the best  science fiction /action movie that Hollywood has ever  made.  This is a movie that races beyond almost everyone's imagination and  the majority of people's comprehension.  I have spoken to a number of  non-net savvy people about their thoughts on this movie and most have  indicated that although the action sequences were great, they weren't  really sure what was going on with the plot.<br /> For people who understand  the potential impact of the Internet on our society, this movie is  generally considered to be a thought-provoking masterwork.    When HAL was  introduced in 2001, the general public could easily understand the concept  of a computer attempting to invoke human emotion.  The Terminator's concept  of machines displacing/eliminating people was easily understood in the 80's  because people started to lose their jobs to technology.  Decker's moral  conflict on the cold blooded murder of machines challenged the general  public to stretch their imagination towards the potential problems created  by technology.   All three represent relatively easy concepts to  understand.  The Matrix makes these ideas seem like child's play.<br />In  addition to the profound subject matter, the Wachowski brothers demonstrate  an uncanny knack to combine all of the \\"hip\\" elements of our culture into  one very slick package.  Many of the great visionary director styles are  demonstrated in this super charged flick.  Scenes range from the John Woo's  \\"bullets falling from the sky\\" and martial arts sequences to David  Fincher's dark and foreboding background shots.   The characters are all  great (Amazingly - Even Keanu Is Good) and the action is relentless.  The  concept of virtual reality plays perfectly to the suspension of disbelief  and this movie soars because of it.  If you want to be challanged by a  thought provoking concept, this is the total package!!
6304595247|5.0|I have read the novel by Emily Bronte in high school and  it is greatest book I've ever read. And the movie itself...no movie based on a novel has matched its original-self so perfectly. Ralph fieness is the man I imagine  Heathcliff would exactly look like.Juliet Binoche was perfect as  Cathy-Catherine. The places, the players, the music, everything is great.  It is the most unforgettable movie I have and will ever see..I strongly  recommend it to everyone.
6305263248|5.0|Ronin is a daring movie in the tradition of &quot;The French Connection&quot; with characteristics quite typical of most James Bond films.  Characterization is obviously not one of the fine points of the  film, but who says that is important?  It has powerful action sequences,  car chases, and the classic intrigue of international espionage.  Spy  movies have thrilled audiences since Hitchcock's &quot;Torn Curtain&quot;  and will continue to fascinate.  The ending was quite believable although  not too desirable to many.  I personally loved the story.  If for nothing  else, watch this film for the car chases because the Audi is AWESOME!!!
0684801558|3.0|Fitzgerald is an excellent writer.  I would need a couple of thesauruses handy to do what he does with the written word.  I enjoyed this book, but it is not my favorite by Fitzgerald.  I felt that the content of the story  is still timely, but I also felt that it would have had more of an impact  on the populace of America in the '20s.  Today's men and women have changed  from the attitudes projected in Beautiful and Damned.  It is definitely  interesting as a window to the past, but I didn't feel it speaks loudly to  this generation of young lovers.
6300184064|4.0|What can I say that hasn't been said before? This film deserves a four star rating simply for the visuals: my favourite, the symbol-heavy scene in which a house (complete with white-picket fence) is lifted mysteriously  away to reveal a landscape of industrial hell. The price we pay for a  pleasant exterior? The acting itself is at the very least competent (Pryce  was good, but not terrific), with some marvelous parts such as Robert De  Niro's rebellious Tuttle, and Michael Palin's ambiguosly sensitive  mass-murdering family man (if you like Michael Palin, this is his best  role.) My only real complaint is that it's almost too much of a good thing:  those fantastic visuals often take prescedence over plot and  characterization, so much so that the film's pace creeps to a noticeable  crawl at points...having said that, I don't think I could mention any one  moment which could be edited. Besides, whose to say plot and  characterization must take precedence anyway? We have enough movies  featuring those...
6303477259|5.0|A true live concert masterpiece.  Compared to most Pink Floyd fans, I am a youngen.  I am only 20 years old and I never get tired of listening to Pink Floyd, and I never will.  I don't think I've ever seen anyone play the  guitar like David Gilmour.  He is so creative and has so much talent, he  boggles my mind even now.  This video is absolutely stunning.  I liked  &quot;Delicate Sound Of Thunder&quot;, but I think Pulse is a more complete  video.  Before this video goes out of print, like &quot;The Wall&quot; did,  all you Floyd fans out there better go get themselves a copy!  ROGER WHO??
B000002A3T|5.0|OK, maybe some of the younger generation may be disappointed by this and I can understand -- because I am used to hearing the Pink Floyd &quot;old style&quot;.   It sounds like the original and the concert versions.   I  love this, and I cannnot imagine another sound (for those who complained)  since this is true Pink Floyd.  Peace, love, and Pink Floyd forever!    <br />Great music for psychedelic experience........
6303542352|5.0|Richardson's Urquart is one of the most affably loathsome characters on screen. His occasional glances into the camera and side-comments to the viewer establish a delightfully grotesque camaraderie and implicate us in  his crimes. You don't have to be an Anglomaniacal PBS-head to thrill to  House of Cards.
0380973464|5.0|I think Stephenson is getting better and better.  This is his best book yet and I think it will stand up to any &quot;Literary&quot; review.  It takes place now and during WWII.  The end is a little dangling but  presumably there will be at least one sequel.
B0000042MY|5.0|This soundtrack is one of the best movie soundtracks i have ever heard.  What is the most moving aspect is track one two and four.  Track one is great because in the opening scene when played the song fits the mood  perfectly.  Track one is the Scottish HIghland song before war, which fits  the theme of the first ten minutes of the movie.  Plus it clues the skilled  listener that war is about to start in the movie.  All in all a refreshing  soundtrack to hear in the backround of the movie.
0393317552|4.0|Paul Ehrlich in his review wrote that the reader wouldn't be able to put the book down after two pages. Well I put it down after three. Why can't publishers give respect to writers? Three errors in three pages, two of  which should be picked up by the most rudimentary spell check. Page 10,  second page of preface has &quot;liguistic&quot; for  &quot;linguistic&quot;. Next page has &quot;of&quot; for &quot;or&quot; in  line 5 and &quot;diverese&quot; for &quot;diverse&quot; further down the  page. Is this to continue? This from a respectable publisher.
B000001DTM|5.0|Achtung Baby will steal your heart--an astonishing blend of blazing guitar and soul-searching vocals that will leave you breathless by the last track. Poignant, heartwrenching, and uplifting all at the same time, the album is  the most introspective approach to music you'll ever see.  The most  mind-boggling thing about this album is that every track is good.  You  can't go wrong.  You will be blown away by the pulsating words of  &quot;One&quot; and &quot;Who's Gonna Ride Your Wild Horses,&quot; the  piercing guitar of &quot;Even Better Than the Real Thing&quot; and  &quot;The Fly,&quot; and the high-pitched, captivating vocals of  &quot;Mysterious Ways&quot; and &quot;So Cruel.&quot;  Bono's lyrics will  reverberate in your heart each time you listen to the album.  U2's best cd  ever, no doubt, and perhaps the greatest cd of the 90s.
0964385619|5.0|I love books on personal finance and wealth-building. This is a great read! It is not a step-by-step &quot;how-to&quot; book. However, the mind set that the book tries to get over to the reader comes across clearly.  About half way through it, I picked up a yellow highlighter for passages I  wanted to remember. Hopefully, I can get my wife to read even the  highlighted areas.<br />The book is very motivational. I agree with above  reviews in that the author seems to talk down to those with &quot;regular  jobs&quot;. However, the author is trying to move you to want to do more.  Sometimes the truth hurts. I know - I'm a nurse working long hours for  modest pay. Maybe this book is the kick in the pants that I need to go for  it. Please read it!
B00000IL31|5.0|This album is one of the most phenominal albums! This is one of the few albums where every song is great.  I was hooked when i first listened to it. Even though Aenima made tool &quot;popular&quot;, or even worse  &quot;mainstream&quot;,  Undertow, has the energy and bite that Aenima  lacks.
6300182266|5.0|Seeing this again, and hearing the many rumors and stories going around that Battlestar Galactica may be poised to make a comeback as a movie or tv show, has got me all excited about this becoming a reality.  Put these  actors and situations into a new movie, please.  It would be fantastic,  just like this original 3 hour tv show, that is packaged here as a movie.   Good effects, good story, good time.
0553108034|5.0|Both books are absolutely wonderful pieces of work.  Great blend of plot and action, without a whole lot of phoney baloney magic.  The lack of easily identifiable villains and heros makes this series even more  enjoyable to read than Jordan and Goodkind.  It is my greatest hope that  Martin takes some cues from Feist and wraps this series up within the next  1 or 2 volumes.  No fan of fantasy needs to pick up another unfinished 10  volume saga.  Keep up the good work Mr. Martin!
B00000K2SE|5.0|This is Keanu Reeve's greates movie ever!  Laurence Fishburne plays his role as leader of the Resistance Morpheus perfectly, and Weaving is the creepiest and most terrifying Bad Guy I have ever seen.Weaving plays an  Agent by the name of Smith, one of the head enforcers in the Matrix, and he  plays this part beautifuly.  Carrie Anne-Moss does wonderfuly as Trinidy as  does the rest of the cast.  The awsome special effects combined with the  hip, earth-shaking music adds another dimension to a movie that already has  a great cast and story line.  If you haven't seen this movie yet, be sure  to add it to the top of your Must-See List!
6305297525|5.0|I absolutely couldn't wait to see this portrait of life after death.  This is a subject that has been particularly intriguing to me since the death of my daughter in 1995.  I loved this movie, it is much deeper than the  surface shows.  I feel sorry for those reviewers who found it boring and  uninteresting.  We will all be there one day!!!
B00001U0E1|5.0|I am amazed at the disparity of reviews from 1 - 5 stars.  This picture was great entertainment in the grand scale of Hollywood -- but should not be mistaken as an actual a history lesson.  <br />Stoppard's script was witty,  funny and punny, filled with clever 'takes' on Shakespeare.  I might agree  with many that Paltrow gave a good not great performance but as with many  others before she benefited by the overall reaction to the film.  How one  can call this film boring is difficult to understand.  The sets, the  dialog, the cleverness of the plot, and the wonderful lighting, partularly  of Ms. Paltrow, who was radiant, made this a great film experience for  adults.  <br />Saving Private Ryan was indeed a great film as well and in  another year perhaps... but after the first 30 minutes it struck me a a  'throwback' to the stereotypical war films we've seen before -- the wise  guy, the Brooklynite, the sensitive one, and the ever present coward.   Again Spielberg is a master of recycling a story and putting his special  talents to great use.<br />For my money Shakespeare in Love represents one of  the most enjoyable movie going experience in many years.
B000009VOL|2.0|While not averse to sparseness (love Lisa Germano, Ani Difranco) there needs to be some strong underlying talent that can capture the imagination. These guys don't seem quite up to the task (keep trying) :&gt;)
0380729407|3.0|I love this novel -- its whole is truly greater than its parts -- but some of it's seriously flawed. (I even heard Bradbury himself complain about it.) You get the feeling that Bradbury's a true believer of artistic  inspiration, of a kind of unrestrained, no-metaphors-barred kind of  poetics; but that he's not too keen on rewriting. He re-wrote this novel,  in a sense, when he wrote the screenplay for the movie. It is the movie  version, not the novel, in which Bradbury entirely overhauls the story and  really polishes things up, i.e. fully fleshes out the characters, gives the  plot a kind of emotional complexity and horror that never really exists in  the novel, and  really focuses in on the book's major theme -- the loss of  youth and the acceptance of old age and death. Next to the novel, the movie  shines and cuts like a razor. (Bradbury, incidentally, also wrote the  screenplay for Moby Dick.) I love Bradbury, he's one of America's greatest  national resources, and his works have even influenced such writers as  Garca Mrquez. But like I said, it's Bradbury's movie, which he wrote  himself, that's the real masterpiece. If anyone doesn't agree with me or  doesn't understand, then I would urge him to watch his cinematic  adaptation. I promise you, you will not be disappointed.
6305079900|1.0|I loved this film in the theaters, but until/unless the widescreen DVD is released in anamorphic format, I'm boycotting it.
B000002J03|5.0|As someone who enjoys the most extreme music you can buy (Emperor, Meshuggah, Soilent Green) I can throughly say that while this CD might have inspired heavy metal to a degree (though not anywhere as much as Black  Sabbath did) it contains nothing even slightly close to being metal. It  *IS* however a truly excellent example of rock and roll the way it should  be. While many consider the fourth CD the best i personally prefer this  one. Its connection to metal though isn't exactly a strong one but does  exist. The thought that metal never touched this though in all its years is  just ridiculous. There are dozens of metal (and rock) bands who are better,  their lack of fame means nothing against them. Would we say Nevermore is  not skilled because they aren't that famous? Hell no! Buy it for a great  rock album, don't buy it thinking you've got the entire metal genre beat in  one swoop.
0441172717|5.0|There is so much to take out of this novel. Frank Herberts unique writing style is unmatched. Im reading the prelude at the moment and although its great to hear more of the story, you can tell that it does not stimulate  the awe that Frank Herbert was so good at!
B0000024RQ|5.0|i wasn't particularly familiar with anything on this album before i bought it, except _blowin' in the wind_. i know the songs now. _masters of war_ and _a hard rain_ are tracks that you can listen to over and over for days.  their power never ceases to amaze. the rest of the album is no less  formidible--moving, entertaining, and fabulous dylan.
B00001OH7U|5.0|This album ranks with Scary Monsters as my favorite Bowie album.  Everything Bowie does best is contained here.  From the hard rockin &quot;Station to Station&quot;, to the experimental pop of  &quot;TVC15&quot; to the beautiful ballad of &quot;Wild is the Wind&quot;,  it is Bowie at his best.  It is one of his most emotional albums, although  it may take a few listens before you realize it.  The song &quot;Station to  Station&quot; is one of Bowie's greatest.
6305364613|4.0|The genius of this film is that it appeals to, and draws in a young crowd of people who are sadly lacking in any appreciation of Shakespeare.  This is Shakespeare that a sixteen year old understands and relates to.  (Hamlet  may be a &quot;better&quot; play, but try making a 10th grade class of  teenagers learn to love it.)<br />Claire Danes is very appealing as Juliet,  and she obviously did her text homework.  Leonardo obviously has not.   Physically appealing though he is, I doubt that he understood half of what  he was saying.  <br />I liked the fast pace and the music and the quick, MTV  style of the film.  Traditional it is not, but it is certainly enjoyable.
0782006809|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite Doris Day movies and I have seen quite a few.  Cary Grant endlessly pursues Doris Day throughout the movie making for some very funny and enjoyable scenes.  I recommend this movie for any  Doris Day fan.
0783229526|5.0|I just waded through the 140+ reviews to get to the dozen or so hate mongers, and the most frustrating and irrational complaints about the film is that &quot;there's no plot&quot; &quot;it's incoherent&quot; &quot;It  sucks, don't see it&quot;, well that's some real peircing insight there.  There is plenty going on in this film if you care to see it, it makes  perfect sense and is entertaining from beginning to end. Depp and Del Toro  are amazing, and Gilliam's direction and visual approach is perfect. I  understand this type of humor, and storytelling isn't for everyone, but I  would never tell anyone NOT to see something simply because I didn't like  it (or understand it as the case maybe), see it, watch the whole film, and  form your own opinion. It's obviously connected with many people, as it did  me. Look beneath the surface a little bit.
B000005S37|3.0|this is a good album, but not one of lou's best.  &quot;metal machine music, part 1&quot; gets things off to a promising start, but &quot;metal machine music, part 2&quot; can't sustain the momentum.  &quot;part 3&quot;  and &quot;part 4&quot; are decent songs, but nothing really special.
B00001QGPR|5.0|this, to me, is the best cd he has ever made. i love all the songs straight through! the best songs on here though are: thursdays child,&amp; the pretty things are going 2 hell. i could listen to this one all  day,david bowie never disappoints me ever, he is so cool!
B00001QEBQ|4.0|Perhaps Disney has finally BEGUN to drag itself out of the dark ages of portraying their female film characters as weak, flawlessly beautiful young &quot;princesses&quot; who swoon and wait for Prince Charming to come save  the day.<br />I am sick of having the old &quot;females are weak and only good  for one thing&quot; stereotype crammed down my throat by the film industry.  Especially the children's film industry. <br />This is the story of a young  woman who unintentionally but through necessity faces prejudice and danger  head on, and wins.<br />Like many of us young women, Mulan feels false and out  of place when trying to be graceful, beautiful, and obedient in order to  attract a husband, and her high-strung spirit obviously makes her  ill-suited for the traditional domestic role that society demands her to  fill. <br />She is a gentle and sensitive person who respects her parent's  wishes, but, though she tries hard, is unable to properly fulfill her duty  to bring &quot;honor&quot; to her family by attracting a prosperous  husband. She becomes depressed and feels &quot;useless&quot;.   <br />When War  suddenly breaks out, each family is  called upon to send a male family  member to join the army and help protect the Emperor and China from the  attacking Huns.  The only available male member of Mulan's family is her  father, a former military man, but due to an old injury he walks with a  cane and obviously won't stand a chance in battle.  <br />Mulan cannot accept  the possible loss of her beloved father, so secretly steals his orders,  cuts her hair, dons his old armor, and rides away in the night to take his  place in the Chinese army, disguised as a boy. <br />Beautiful landscapes and  detail of traditional Chinese armor and clothing, several humorous  situations [though Disney really should decide whether they are making a  family movie or an adult one. None of the comments were really damaging,  but many of the innuendos and jokes were really unsuitable for young  children! What's the matter Disney, trying to creep in on South Park's  market? What's the matter with you?!!!!]. <br />Though the &quot;Asian&quot;  art style is different than Disney's norm, the realisticly flowing movement  that is Disney's signature is still there.  The scene where the TIDALWAVE  of mounted Huns pours down the entire hillside toward the  &quot;camera&quot; in one battle is AWESOME and rivals similar battle  scenes in BRAVEHEART and HEAVEN AND EARTH [Japanese]. Many other Mulan  scenes are equally exciting, but this is the one that most comes to my  mind.  <br />Wonderful &quot;cinematography&quot;, and great use of scenary  colors to convey different moods. Not TOO much singing, but enough to make  it &quot;Disney&quot;.<br />Though the story slows down a little in the  middle, it's an exciting adventure, with a wide range of  &quot;colorful&quot; supporting characters [including the strong and  extremely handsome young man who ends up falling in love with her, for  those &quot;hopeless romantics&quot; out there], and a real mean [but not  TOO mean] bad guy.<br />My husband and I really enjoyed it and are purchasing  the DVD for our &quot;future&quot; children.<br />All in all, MY favorite  Disney movie.
B00001QGPR|3.0|Though not as exciting and as listenable  &quot;earthling&quot; and &quot; outside&quot; both outstanding efforts.. This CD is a good effort- but one would expect Bowie to end the 90's and the millenium with a BANG!!!!  This  effort sounds like an Homage to his 72-79 period.. The song writing here is  amazing and Bowie's voice is strong..but not a great record..   Best  Tracks.. Thursday's Child,What's Really Happening,The Pretty ThingsAre  Going Hell, Seven.....   This album  should have been better,  but  a great  one for Bowie fans who liked his 70's stuff
6302453356|5.0|One of my all time favorites.   I wanted to buy this movies's V.H.S., but I could not found it anywhere. Simply extraordinary!
0446525537|3.0|Still worthy of sitting down and enjoying it in one, uninterrupted sitting, though.  Unlike The Notebook or Message in a Bottle, the path is clear throughout the book.  Not as long, not as well developed, but still  an enjoyable escape.
B00001QGPR|2.0|I respect Bowie since a long time. However, I must admit that this album, like many others from him, is inegal. It sounds like some of his 70s and 80s stuff. It could have been a genius idea to go without the techno-style  this time. However, Bowie delivers poor songs on Hours..., too long and  superficials. I still like his sense of soft tragedy and urgence on some  songs, but this is not enough to make a great album. Bowie, if you read  this, &quot;Please stop to always follow the music culture year after year.  Yes, great bands are delivering cool hits on the radio, with inovative  sounds, but you should deliver your own tragedy with your trips, not with  music producers, mixers and fashion musicians. You're not Madonna. You're  Bowie!... more than an interpret... a man with something to say about our  little life.&quot;
0345350472|5.0|Strange, Dark, Intense book about what the future could be; what could happen to the human race. Phil did a wonderful work on this book. First I saw the movie Blade Runner, one the best sci-fi I've seen, then I got the  computer game, wow, like seen the movie, the only thing missing was the  book. This book it's probably one of the best sci-fi books I've read, now I  know and understand better the computer game, because I tried to related  the game with the movie, but it also got a lot of things from the  novel.<br />This is a must read book, it travels to the year 2021 and it  presents a different world, were human emotions are maybe the only thing  left from the world we know; all it's gone, the animals, people are moving  from earth to other planets,  and the androids are moving from the other  planets to earth, it's up to the bounty hunters (Blade Runners) to find  them and retire them (kill); it put your emotions on the line, because at  some point, I feel sorry for the androids, they only want to escape form  the humans and make their own lives here on earth, the new ones (Nexus 6)  are trying to develop their own emotions. It's a great book and it would  make you think about a lot of thing in life and appreciate more the things  you have, because in the end, how do you know if you're an android or a  human? You cannot, that's the problem...
B000002U9E|5.0|Comparisons to Peter Gabriel's third and fourth albumns are inevitable, though not entirely apt.  Though Kate, like friend and sometimes collaborater Gabriel, seems intent on stretching the song form to its  absolute limits, cramming the aural space with myriad bits of shading and  drama and replacing mere \\"moon-june-spoon\\" lyrics with  intricately structured (and beautifully calibrated) narratives, Bush  displays a far more feminine sensibilty and, thus, her compositions are  warmer, fuller, more deeply personal.  This is her masterpiece, coming on  the heels of the wildly adventerous \\"The Dreaming\\" and years  before the more \\"tasteful\\"--and less interesting--\\"Sensual  World\\".  The first half of the CD is astonishing, revealing Bush's  mastery of both her songcraft and of the cutting edge (circa  1984/85) electronic devices at her disposal.  At this point, the genius of  \\"Running of That Hill\\" is acknowledged by just about everyone.   It's hard to imagine any other artist attempting to capture the essence of  a woman's oragasm in music and pulling it off with such skill.  The fact  that it is matched by such numbers as \\"The Big Sky\\", \\"Mother  Stands For Comfort\\" and, especially, the magnificent and moving  \\"Cloudbusting\\" only serves to highlight Kate's genius.  Capable  of conveying complex, at times ambiguous, emotions in intricately  structured compositional frameworks, she positions herself as the natural  succesor to such innovators as Laura Nyro and \\"Hejira\\"-period  Joni Mitchell.  High praise indeed.            The disc's second half,  subtitled \\"The Ninth Wave\\" is a staggering contemplation on  drowning and the afterlife, incorporating such seemigly divergent elements  as Celtic bagpipes, ambient sound effects, multi-tracked voice-overs, hard  rock guitars and Tibetan chanting to form a cohesive, compelling whole.   Richly symbolic and utterly convincing, this section is \\"art rock\\" in the best sense of the word: experimental, audacious, and grippingly original.  Even in a career rife with superb albums, Kate has never before or after matched this for sheer mastery of form or sense of purpose.  A work of genius, to  be sure, and one of the landmark records of the 1980's.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed didn't mess with the succes of My Own Prison.  The new cd doesn't deviate from the style of their debut at all.  For Creed, this is a very good quality because their distinctiveness is their sound.  While it  doesn't have the &quot;immediate impact songs&quot; like MoP did.  This cd  is better listening through and through.  MoP had songs (in the middle)  that were a little weak, but Human Clay doesn't have a bad song on it.   Tracks that stand out the most to me include, &quot;Arms Wide Open&quot; ,  &quot;Faceless Man&quot;, and &quot;Higher&quot;. It's good to see a hard  rock band that doesn't sing about pain or anarchy.   I hope Creed makes  MANY more CD's!!!!
B000002HRE|4.0|It is funny to read the reviews it is truly the definition of a love hate relationship.  I personally love the new style they are showing.  Yeah, their early stuff was hard ass hitting metal but it is time for something  new.  They have shown their true talents with this album by displaying a  variety of music styles.  You metal heads need to be a little more open  minded about Metallica and were they are trying to go.
B00000J7J4|5.0|back in june i reviewed this cd  and wrote that this is the year of santana and will win grammy awards i couldn't have been more right.one great cd
6304938276|4.0|This movie is the best.  But not better than the first one.  I think it stands out as off beat, or not as good as the first one because we all are use to having a sequal that has a new cast, new story, but the same  killers.  Scream 2 is a continuation of the first.  I liked it!
078322706X|3.0|Okay, so they made the plot interesting and different,and they produced it well, and they chose great actors for the roles, but where's the entertainment? This movie was dissapointing and way too boring to be  enjoyable. This movie was PAINFULLY long. I'd suggest renting it if you  really think it's something you'd like, but get ready for some major fast-  forwarding.
0790732254|5.0|It's like watching a car accident in slow motion- you don't want to see it but you can't tear yourself away. This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. Masterful contributions from each contributor- actors,  cinematograhper, composer, set decorater- integrated into a seamless,  perfect whole by Mike Nichols. Taylor and Burton have never been better,  and I think Sandy Dennis is the only woman ever to co-star with Taylor and  win an Oscar. The music is especially affecting, but in a very subtle way.
630505116X|5.0|A really fun movie.  It doesn't pretend to be more than it is.  Overall, the acting was good, Treat Williams was great.  The effects were spectacular.  If you like monster movies you will enjoy this one.  I have  to buy another copy so that my friends don't wear mine out!
B00000IQMT|4.0|While it isn't some of his best work, the work still shows that Williams is one of the premeir composers in America today.
6303823351|5.0|The fab four...comedy,...suspense...need I say more
6305308659|5.0|These Christian types are so darn defensive!  Maybe you should go out and burn every copy of this video since you don't agree with it!  God forbid anybody should have a contrary view to that bunch.  God bless America that  we're all allowed to (so far...)
B00000K0DT|5.0|This movie is full of plot twists and surprises you up to the very end. This is definitely worth watching mor than once.
0451169514|3.0|I went through a  huge Stepehen King phase in the mid 80's in my early teens. For my 15th birthday, I was fervently praying for his new book, &quot;IT&quot; in hardcover.  I loved the suspense, the horror..for two  weeks I could not put this book down while I plowed through it.  The story  was well plotted, and it never felt to me that I was reading a book over  1000 pages long.  The characters are great, the story wonderfully  eerie..<br />With that said, I must say that I only gave this three stars on a  personal bias.  The portrayal of the gay men at the beginning of the novel  was not only rather stereotypical, but it surely made us feel no sympathy  for them. They were freaks in themselves. As a teen who was struggling with  his sexuality as he read &quot;IT&quot;, that was enough to put me off King  for years. Maybe it was personal sensitivty, but I do feel that many other  ethnic/minority groups would not have been portrayed in such a nasty  manner. True, this was the 80's when homophobia, due to AIDS and the like,  was reaching an all time high.  But to see soemthing like this in popular  fiction and having nobody ever even address it because he is such a well  known author,a nd well liked is sad.  I am glad to be reading King once  again, and I have let bygones be bygones.  I do not advocate taking this  book of the shelf or revising it, I just see it as a dark spot on his  career.  Word of advice: skip the part about the gay men, and just enjoy  the rest of the book.
6304795254|2.0|Bad, bad movie. I give it an extra star for some wonderful stylistic touches by Fincher (the old home movie with the piano music in the beginning is absolutely wonderful), but the further into the movie you get,  the worse it is. What begins as a stylish and interesting film degenerates  into a lackluster adventure/mystery, with the entrance of Debra Unger's  character marking a turn for the worse. The dialogue suddenly becomes  trite, and the actions of the characters no longer seem believable, even in  the suspended context of the film's own reality. The stylistic moments  begin to seem out of place. And THEN, in the last half-hour ... lord ...  rarely have I seen such incompetant film-making. There are a lot of  &quot;surprising revelations,&quot; but most of them are not so much  surprising as they are forced-feeling, over-the-top, and just generally not  very clever. And the ending is absolutely God Awful. Unquestionably the  dumbest &quot;climax&quot; to a film I have ever seen. Aside from the fact  that you could poke about 2 billion holes in it, it's just aesthetically  stupid and dramatically unbelievable. David Fincher's worst film to date.
B000002AH9|5.0|What can you say about &quot;Lady in satin&quot;? Is there a word strong enough to express the intensity of her singing here? &quot;I'm a fool to want you&quot; is the definitive version, I have heard so many other covers  of this beautiful song, but nothing can compare to Billie's, it' simply a  part of her. Just about the same I can say about &quot;You've  changed&quot;, one of the best jazz standard ever written in my opinion:  her rendition is so passionate, full of grief and tears and regret,she  lives it! And what about &quot;The end of a love affair&quot;, &quot;For  all we know&quot; and.....oh well, all the songs of this work are just  heaven! A must have, no doubt about it, anyone who had a heart and knows  about musicianship will be touched by Billie's magic here, more then ever.
630460291X|4.0|Kevin Costner really sucks, there's no getting around that. But this is a highly entertaining adventure movie, very Hollywood, but very well-rounded and realized. Having the Moor sidekick is a bit much if you really think  about it, but insofar as the Christian world being portrayed as  anti-science, ignorant, backwards, etc., I have to disagree with the  reviewer from Chicago a few reviews back -- those were the *exact*  characteristics of the Christian church at that time, based on what I've  read. Hell, those are *still* the characteristics of many divisions of  Christianity. But in any case, I don't think Christianity is beign sh*t on  here -- the Friar Tuck only first appears as a &quot;worthless  drunkard,&quot; but eventually shows through as a very noble character.  Anyhow, this is a fine film, and pure escapism, so it's silly to nit-pick  details that don't gel with &quot;delicate sensibilities&quot; ... it's  just a fun, epic medieval adventure.
B000002UAU|5.0|The Beatles was an incredible band, one that changed popular music forever. Bandmembers set new standards for lyrics, cover art, and instrumentation with the albums that they produced. From their first  effort, &quot;Please Please me,&quot; onward, they were an innovative  group. &quot;Sergeant Pepper&quot; is definetly an extremely influential  album, and will be for millenia to come, but it is not their crowning  achievement. Yes, the album flows wonderfully from song to song, as if it  is one continuous track, and yes, the lyrics are about as close to poetry  as you can get in popular music (Did Elvis ever have the courage to write  anything remotely like &quot;Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds&quot; before the  Beatles released &quot;Sergeant Pepper&quot;? I think not.), but every  track seems strangely similar in terms of instrumentation and harmonies,  and occassionally content. For instance, there seems to be one recurring  message in every song on this album: be positive. On albums like  &quot;Abbey Road,&quot; however, some songs were polished in much the same  way that these are, but the message on every song was either &quot;be  positive&quot; or &quot;be aggressive.&quot; Also, &quot;Getting  Better&quot; and &quot;Fixing a Hole&quot; are pretty much interchangeable,  as the subjects of both songs speak in first person and the sub-themes in  both are &quot;life's improving,&quot; apparently. For further comparison,  sample these lyrics from &quot;Getting Better&quot;: &quot;I'm doing the  best that I can/I've got to admit it's getting better.&quot; Now sample  these lyrics from &quot;Fixing a Hole&quot;: &quot;I'm taking the time for  a number of things/That weren't important yesterday.&quot; These tracks are  right next to each other on the album as well, making for hardly any harsh  contrast between the two tracks. I believe that the Beatles' best album was  &quot;Abbey Road,&quot; as every track flowed but every track was so  different in terms of contentthat one could never mistake one song for  another. This is still a great album, wonderful for anyone's collection.
B000002UAU|5.0|\\"Sgt. Pepper\\" and the Beatles showed that rock n'roll was a serious form of musical expression,not just greasy kids stuff.It interweaved music-hall,classical,art-song and exotic Indian music with the stylish rock of \\"Revolver\\" resulting in a mind-blowing,form-busting landmark album that still is featured in \\"greatest rock albums of all time\\" lists,and featured great songs(\\"A Day In The Life\\",\\"She's Leaving Home\\",Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds\\",\\"Getting Better\\",\\"Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band\\"/With A Little Help From My Friends\\")that are still being played on so-called \\"classic rock\\" radio stations to this day.Granted,the Beatles may have made better albums(\\"Rubber Soul\\",the aftermetioned \\"Revolver\\",\\"Abbey Road\\"),but none as more important and groudbreaking as \\"Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band\\".
6300216802|2.0|To sum this film accurately enough in one sentence: It's only effective as a cure for insomnia.  This was the worst of the &quot;Star Trek&quot; films simply due to the fact that it's extremely dull.  I've tried to watch it a  few times over the past 10 years or so and come dangerously close to  falling asleep each time-I'm not exaggerating.<br />The films special effects  (which the film relied too much on) and musical score are astounding,  however. If it weren't for those 2 elements, I would only give the film one  star.  The first 30 minutes are entertaining, but from there it goes  straight downhill.  Despite all of  &quot;Star Trek V&quot;'s flaws, at  least it wasn't boaring as &quot;TMP&quot; was.  <br />I do plan to purchase  the film on DVD solely due to the fact that I want to see the theatrical  trailer.  I really enjoy those.  Too bad &quot;Generations&quot; didn't  have one.
6300263673|5.0|This is my favorite movie of all time. It has romance in it that no other romance movies have. The acting, SUPERB the plot, EVEN BETTER but the dancing wins it all. The actors and actresses no how to dance. This boosts  the entertainment of the movie 1000 percent. I don't know about you but I  hate to sit down to a movie with okay acting and a bunch of brain dead  dancers. But do not worry this is not one of those movies.
0380002930|5.0|I wish english school pupils had to read this! I read this out of choice and I staid up until 5.30am reading it, I found it that good. I personly found the mythical bits the boring bits the second time I read it and was  tempted to skip them. But it's so good it didn't matter
0790737973|5.0|This sci-fi thriller has great context. Excellent acting and most of all complexity. Crichton fans should be happy this movie has it all!
0446525537|5.0|I read A Walk to Remember in 2 hours, it is a fast read, not complicated by numerous characters, and will keep you going at 2am.  I am not a big fan of love stories, but coming from Mr. Sparks, I will read anything he  writes.  I thought The Notebook was the best love story, and this one is  right up there. A must read for anyone!
6300214753|5.0|It looks stupid but honestly this is one of the best movies I have ever seen in my life. Broderick is brilliant, Sara is...Well she was okay. But Ruck he was the greatest but I think one actress was better than him,  JENNIFER GREY! She was amazing the jealously and paranoia were a great mix.  The adult acting was a bit off beat but all together this is a comedy  classic!
0385311400|5.0|The best series I've ever come across for romance novels - wonderful and intriguing characters.  A series of tales that keep your eyes red at night from late-nite reading, characters that make you laugh out loud, and cry at  their tragedies.  You become engulfed with Clare &amp; Jamie and their  adventures and their everbinding everlasting love for one another - they  become a part of you.  I'm not sure I can wait until #5! Besides the fact  that I simply must visit Scotland now!
0767817478|5.0|I love Hank Azaria.  He was the best thing in that movie.  It was sad at the end, me and my friends staterd to cry when all the baby's died.  It was a good movie!  By the way, don't listen to all those one hitters.  They  wouldn't be able to find good movies (like me) if it bite them on the butt!
B0000009OX|5.0|This CD goes beyond PUNK and really does something new. Songs like Male Model and True Confessions blend punk stylings with a wonderful originality; your bound to be mezmarized. The songs are short and potent,  often leaving the &quot;user&quot; wanting more, as in &quot;The girls  don't like it&quot; and even the tribute &quot;casbah Rock&quot;. If you  don't like Punk still get this CD!!!!! If you don't like anything get this  CD!!!!! JUST GET IT!!!!!!
0684867621|5.0|Supurbly written, perfectly paced, this is one of the leanest stories King has told.  His tiny group of characters are flawlessly cast.  The plot is simple and rock-solid.  This little lost girl could be anyone's child; and  you simply can't stop reading until you find out how she survives.  Not  your typical supernatural spine-chiller 1,000-page epic.  Tom Gordon and  the Sox make this tale romanticly haunting.  And the thing that lurks in  the dark is just...well...maybe it's best each reader finds out for  himself.
0767821629|5.0|Since this film had no big stars, and because it was also released around the same time as the Matrix, it was not a very high revenue generating film.  Also, there was very little promotion surrounding this film.   However, I think this film is great.  Second only to The Sixth Sense in  twist endings that are only able to be figured out in the end, this film  left the viewer wondering what truths will finally unfold. Unfortunately,  this film does require some thought in order to be fully appreciated.  It  does include such things as Imagery, symbolism, and story.  You know, the  things you learned about in high school and have since been a distant  memory.   In closing, I think anyone with an IQ over 100 will be able to  somewhat appreciate this film for what it is.
0345409671|2.0|I was disappointed with this book, if only because the other Vampire Chronicles have such great storylines.  Although I did enjoy reading Anne's interpretation of God and the Devil, I think both Lestat and the reader  suffer.  The story of Creation and such drag on and on while the ending of  the book is too short and too weak.  I'm left wondering what the next  Chronicle has in store for Lestat...hopefully it's much more than this.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie has fabulous special effects, and great fight scenes.  It puts you in another world and keeps you there from start to finish.  I have seen this movie many times and I practically bought a DVD player just to be able  to watch this movie!  A must for anyone who even remotely likes sci-fi or  action.
0792842731|4.0|&quot;Tomorrow Never Dies&quot; proves that James Bond is ready for the 21st century. Pierce Brosnan is one of the best of all Bonds and ranks right up there with Sean Connery. But what's so fun about this film is it's  plot and the way it's structured with a weird yet interesting story and  some fantastic action sequences. At the start of the 007 franchise, Bond  battles what was seen as the ultimate evil back then, Communists. Today, he  battles the media. The bad guy is just fun to watch as he plans evil  schemes and tries to take over the world through his news empire.  &quot;Tomorrow Never Dies&quot; also kind of gives a message about how  important the media and communication are in today's world, and how they  affect our lives. But aside from that, &quot;Tomorrow Never Dies&quot; is a  thrilling, action-packed ride full of great suspense, romance and  characters. I was never bored and my attention never strayed. This is one  of the best Bond films, definately better than &quot;Goldeneye.&quot; David  Arnold's score is pure excitement. &quot;Tomorrow Never Dies&quot; also has  a lot of visual style that adds to the fun of this movie. In the end, it's  entertaining, fun, interesting, and thrilling.
B00000JY1X|3.0|There's one CD worth of material here. That might be the greatest CD of the decade but sitting through some of his misses makes me yearn for Kenny Loggins.
B0000027RL|5.0|In an era that was quickly becoming dominated by alternative and grunge music Ten stole the show. Led by the hands of Mike McCready and the voice of Eddie Vedder, Pearl Jam lashed out at fans with Jeremy, Black, Alive,  and (personal favorite) Even Flow. No disrespect to Cobain or anything but  Vedder's voice alongside his lyrics was and still are incredible and  un-stoppable.  Undoubtedly the best of several great albums from an  exhilerating band.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I love this CD &quot;EDEN&quot; the first time I heard it.  I bought it the Day she appeared in concert in Denver.  I had to scramble for tickets that day.  I did not buy this CD before then because A&gt; Amazon Real  Player does no justice to here voice and B&gt; I hate foreign languages in  music (thus hate opera).  Nevertheless, because she came in town, I broke  down and bought it and played it for my wife and mom.  My mom commented  that the live performance was better.  She believes the music background on  the CD drowns out Sarah's Voice  (Sarah is awesome live).  I am the  audiophile in the family who chooses all the audio equipment because of it.  I thought the live performance was fantastic, yet listen to this Eden CD  more than &quot;Say Goodbye&quot; CD emphatically because of its Musical  background.  Talk about difference in taste within the same musical person.  I love her older music much better as a fan of hers, yet couldn't put down  the &quot;Lloyd webber collection&quot; for weeks on end (but I am over  that now, mmmm).  I highly recommend this CD if you love here voice and  enjoy being ENTRANCED by the music.  I cruise my favorite places on the NET  often while listening to music.  EDEN is one of my favorites CD's.  I also  enjoy Enigma and Moodswings when I am in this mood regarding music so you  can get a taste of where I am coming from (EDEN is by far the more mellow).  Take care :-)
B000002BYD|4.0|Just when I think these guys have done their best work, here comes &quot;Yield&quot;!  This album is incredible.  &quot;In Hiding&quot; is one hell of a song. This cd is packed with one great song after another.  &quot;Pilate&quot;, &quot;Given to Fly&quot;, &quot;MFC&quot;,  &quot;Wishlist&quot; and &quot;Faithful&quot; are classics!  If you are  budgeted and can only purchase one PJ CD, buy this one. It's the one!
0783882963|5.0|This book is magical and yet so reel. A fantastic insight of India and yet  so universal. Mrs Roy is talented. I also enjoy a lot her little book about the nuclear bomb( &quot;The end of imagination&quot;).It should be  teached in all the schools of the world.
0684800713|5.0|One of the best book ever written
B00001U0GQ|5.0|Bought an expensive DVD player for this title alone! Very dissapointed to see that it's not in DTS :( Why do they release these incredible films but without the sound? Now the question begs to be asked... IS BRAVEHEART SOON  TO FOLLOW??  That one needs, absolutely demands DVD attention!
B000002BYD|5.0|Yes, it's true, Nirvana's gone right alongside of Cobain, and Cornell destroyed Soundgarden. But whats this, the much critisized Vedder has accomplished what has become an extremly difficult feat, keeping a  succesful band together. PJ has become more and more disliked throughout  the years not because of the quality of their music, but because of the  ignorance of listeners. When you set back and look over the recent chart  toppers, you see a list dominated by lack-a-daisacle bands such as N'sync,  Limp Bizkit and the over-rated koRn. Vedder's lyrics continue to be  critisized, but look at those of koRn and LB. One word proves my point,  Nookie. Listeners are beginning to push away meaningful music and accept  this other trash into their lives. Think about that and then think about  the violent ways in which our society has changed over the past few years.
B0000214F0|1.0|It doesn't get any worse than this piece of trash. It's only a exercise in how depraved humanity can get, but seems to relish in it's atrocious sex and violence. No merit whatsoever, merely a worthless piece of garbage.
B0000028UK|4.0|Vs is a true PJ classic.  Though Ten was great, I have to give this one an extra star. Rearviewmirror is one of the greatest rock n roll songs i've ever heard.  And to hear it live is to experience nirvana.  This whole  album rocks, and so do Eddie &amp; the boys.
B000001FS3|5.0|This is indeed one the best album of this century! All the songs on this album are great and if you dont like it, you dont have a great taste of music. Cheers...
B000002MFN|5.0|This is a super great albumwith loads of good songs. Erotica and Ray Of Light is her best records to date. sure bedtime stories is great too, but it´s not at the same level as the two albums mentioned. I have always liked  her 90´s albums more than her 80´s albums and Erotica is really prooving me  right. Marvellous songs like: &quot;Rain&quot;, &quot;Erotica&quot;,  &quot;Bad Girl&quot;, &quot;In This Life&quot;, &quot;Why´s It So  Hard&quot; and &quot;Deeper and Deeper&quot; speaks for them self...<br />This  is a Madonna album that you just got to have!<br />kram!
630476524X|4.0|I know I sound kinda stupid, but give Vince a little credit.  He made a daring move to take on a roll that was going to be compared to Brandon Lee's Eric Draven.  And besides that, I thought it was a good movie.  The  only reason everybody thinks it sucked is because you expected a movie more  like the first, which is impossible.  Now, if the movie had come out before  the first one, you would probably give the exact rating I am giving it.  It  was a great film(and the music was awesome as well).  And by the way, his  accent may have been strong, but I could understand every, single word.  It  actually added a different twist to the movie which not only was cool, but  seperated it from the first, giving it its own idea(which it need given the  reviews I read 'it sucked', 'it was baddddddd', 'never want to see it  again!' oh, blow it out your ole' wahzoo!!)(and Vincent Perez was  AWESOME!!!The only reason you thought he sucked was that he wasn't like and  isn't Brandon Lee.)
B000006OBQ|5.0|Let your amp warm up.  Have a beer or some wine.  Sit down and listen to the great quality of this cd.  I have the album as well and it also is fabulous.  This one is to die for.
B000002IZ4|5.0|Purple goes down in my book as one of the greatest albums of my lifetime, right up there with the likes of Born To Run (Springsteen), Rubber Soul (Beatles) &amp; Hotel California (Eagles). It is an album that all previous  and subsequent releases of theirs will be compared to.. This is the Sgt.  Pepper of the 90's. A masterpiece.
B00001QGPR|5.0|Hours is the best David Bowie album in twenty years.  He uses a combination of his old sound c. 1972 and modern trip hop rhythms to deliver a more than competent listenable group of songs.  True, as some maintain,  it isn't the best group of songs he's ever done, but they are still far  above the average.  Buy Ziggy, Hunky Dory, Aladdin Sane, Low and The Lodger  first, but then buy this one.
B000002MUW|4.0|I wonder what kínd of secret madonna possesses. She has never made an album that stinks, all of them are pearls in the world of pop. Bedtime Stories is a very good album, but it is overshadowed by &quot;Erotica&quot;  and &quot;Ray of Light&quot;. Some of her best songs have their home in  this album. Songs such as: &quot;sancuary&quot;, &quot;bedtime  stories&quot; (written by icelandic pop guru Björk)and &quot;Inside of  me&quot;... This is an album, just as &quot;Like a prayer&quot;, that will  never grow old. If you haven´t bought it yet so do it now!<br />tack så mycket  för mig.
B000002HH2|5.0|This cd is an eclectic mix of all different types of songs.  One of the most original albums I've listened to.
0375707972|3.0|very fast reading..i guess in germany this book struck a nerve..to me it was old news..i bet this book had oprah's army of soccer mom's scratching their heads..on the one hand they must be wondering what they would do if  they were hanna's position when she met the boy..on the other hand, they  must be saying,&quot;gee, war is bad. i wonder what oprah would do?&quot;   the reader also has a &quot;surprise&quot; secret that might or might not  explain hanna's motivation..
044651652X|5.0|This book was magical. It touched me so deeply that when I was done, I found myself reading it again, just so I could get a clearer picture in my head of the absolutely profound relationship between these two characters.  I continued thinking about it for several days after, then I watched the  movie. The movie was nothing.  It only told a fraction of the story and the  emotion wasn't there. If you liked the movie, you HAVE GOT to read this  book. The author told the story in a way that made me feel like I WAS  Francesca Johnson and these were MY experiences. I cried like a baby and  laughed out loud. A definate MUST-READ!
1567302017|5.0|An extremeley important film, both for memory and film history. Lanzmann once said that if he discovered a visual document about holocaust he would destroy it. Seeing Shoah, we understand why, and also the immense  difference between film and a tv chronicle
B00000JZC4|5.0|A little bit hard in spots, but musically very rich with excellent mix of techno-pop, hard rock and alternative.  Try tracks 3, 5, 6 for a great mix.
B0000025RI|1.0|At the time I thought this was a great sound, but looking back on it now it is clear how poor an album this really is. Jackson has no real talent other than sounding like whatever happens to be popular at the time.
B00004THO3|5.0|This book was magical. It touched me so deeply that when I wasdone, I found myself reading it again, just so I could get a clearer picture in my head of the absolutely profound relationship between these two characters.  I continued thinking about it for several days after, then I watched the movie. The movie was nothing.  It only told a fraction of the story and the emotion wasn't there. If you liked the movie, you HAVE GOT to read this book. The author told the story in a way that made me feel like I WAS Francesca Johnson and these were MY experiences. I cried like a baby and laughed out loud. A definate MUST-READ!
B000000ORX|4.0|This record is underappreciated, underrated and underplayed, even by Joni's great champions.  It's a superb collection of expertly produced, wonderful songs.  Highlights are &quot;Night Ride Home&quot; (best backing  crickets since......Buddy Holly?), &quot;Cherokee Louise,&quot; and  &quot;Come In From the Cold.&quot;  The only reason I don't give it five  stars is that I'd have to give six to Blue, For the Roses, and Hejira, and  these Amazon guys don't let you give six.
B00001OH7P|5.0|This album is definitely worth getting... EVERY song is good!! This album is beyond great, a must have for any Cd collection! My favorite 2 tracks are Moonage Daydream and Starman, then Five Years, Ziggy, Suffragette City,  and Soul Love... (even though the others are just as good!!) Zoinks! I'm  outta here!
0780627024|5.0|After reading some of the reviews here it appears that this killer flick acomplished it's goal --it generated reaction.  It really is up to you to figure out what it means.  Sure the he 50s looked great if you were a white chritian male.  For everyone else it wasn't such a golden decade.  Some hate this movie, but most like me love it.  Maybe the  ninties aren't so bad after all.  NEWSFLASH TO CHRISTIANS: premarital sex is not a hazard  to your health.  Sex is beautiful not dirty.  For me, it is about being  human free to choose my own destiny and the relationship to the unknown  that makes it a thrill ride.  Maybe this IS heaven and hell depending on  what I make of it while I am here.  This film is what the art of film  making is all about.  Great stuff.
6305358567|5.0|This film is dark and mostly serious, but does that make it a lesser film?  Personally, I think &quot;Elizabeth&quot; is a better film than &quot;Shakespeare in Love.&quot;  Cate Blanchett was wonderful as Elizabeth  I.  She should have gotten the Oscar, not Gwyneth Paltrow.  Geoffrey Rush's  character - can she trust him or not?  This movie helped me to better  understand why Protestants and Catholics don't care much for each other.   The scene at the beginning of the movie where the Protestants are having  their heads shaved, and then being burned at the stake, is very realistic.   This movie made me want to read up on Henry VIII and his relationship with  Elizabeth's mother, Anne Bolynn.
6305451591|5.0|&quot;Life is Beautiful&quot; is a movie like no other.  It is a movie with a positive message like no other.  It is very funny, in a Buster Keaton sort of way, it is well made, and after five minutes, you'll think  you've been speaking Italian for years.  This movie had me holding my gut  in laughter, with jokes and physical humor the likes of which I had never  seen.  Yet this movie will drag the tears from one's eyes, no matter how  composed a person usually is.  It's a great family movie.
630562285X|1.0|How can anyone believe that old pensioner type duffer Sean &quot;I live in the States and pretend to be Scottish&quot; Connery could possibly pull someone like Catherine Zeta Jones? Maybe a similarity in acting capability  won them over? The plot reminded me of what a 9 year old might write as a  summer school essay ie. someone who has watched a lot of action films in a  Hollywood style and ripped them all off so you don't have to think about  what is going on.
B000002MG1|5.0|From the very first time i heard this album i knew it was special.  Find the River and Nightswimming make me feel so clean and human--which is a good thing.    Everything about this album is great.  John Paul Jones did a  wonderful job on the strings.   If you ever want a fun song to sing to,  this album has two. 1. sidewinder sleeps tonite 2. man on the moon.   i  love it.  you should too.  buy it and be content.
0767819446|4.0|Daniel Galouye, in &quot;Simulacron-3&quot; invented what we call &quot;virtual reality&quot; today.  This movie, despite a somewhat spotty performance by Craig Bierko, brings the original concept to vivid life,  mostly because the screenwriters clearly understood what Galouye was trying  to say, the director implemented the original vision as cleanly as  possible, within usual movie limitation of having to squeeze a novel into a  short story because of time, and Gretchen Mol and Vincent D'onofrio created  people, not just words and images.  The *ONLY* reason I don't give this one  a full five stars is that I feel the ending was rather  &quot;slam-bang&quot; and it was over, instead of using the jaw-dropping  twist Galouye put into his novel.  Even so, I intend to watch this one  again.
0553274503|5.0|This is one of the best books I've read. Basically, it's abouta mentally disabled man, Charlie Gordon, who has his intelligenceincreased by an operation, and what happens to him. It's an incredible story, but it's not for the weak. If you are someone who cries easily, have a box of tissues for the last forty-odd pages.  All I had to do was read the lasy entry to my mom, who'd seen the movie, and she was crying. I, who ahrdly ever cry, was nearly crying. But regardless, this is a great book. Everyone should read it.
B00000K19E|5.0|This brilliantly crafted movie, while being one of the best and most original action films ever made, touches on important metaphysical questions:<br />   How is our destiny determined?    What does our success  require?    How can we each control our own life?    Should we concern  ourselves with others' expectations of us?    Are things really what they  seem to be?<br />Maybe everything you know is wrong.  Or at least some of it.   This movie may get you to think, or else only to have an intensely exciting  and fun 2 hours and 16 minutes.
6304117272|5.0|Forget &quot;Titanic,&quot; even forget &quot;The Terminator.&quot;  This movie far surpasses any of those in a wondrous display of fine acting and mind-boggling special effects!  Cameron, not known for creatin solid,  believable characters, has really outdone himself in this sci-fi  masterpiece starring Ed Harris, Mary Elizabeth Mastriano (or however you  spell it; you know, she's the chick from &quot;Robin Hood: Prince of  Thieves&quot;), and Michael Beihn in the most fabulous roles ever displayed  on film.  Cameron presents his film with a gripping  on-the-edge-of-your-seat explosive beginning and eventually the audience  finds themselves truly captivated by the dream-like world this fine  director has created for us.  I can't say enough good things about this  movie, except that it's a can't-miss!!!  The Special Edition is  exceptionally well-done in a marvelous display of awesome scenes cut from  the original that make the original so much better!  I highly recommend  both films, whereas The Special Edition has made &quot;The Abyss&quot; my  favorite movie of all time.  You just HAVE to buy it!!!  Now if only they  could come out with it in a DVD format... wouldn't that just kick!!!!
B00000I8UE|5.0|Cassandra Wilsons travelling Miles, is in my mind one of the most exciting tributes I have listened to. Each track has, despite its clear source, a life of its own. Cassandra has managed to add her own flavour of the Souths  folky, bluesy feel to the music. On a few occasions, I have found myself  having to check that this WAS the record I had put on, since the songs  seems to reveal new aspects of themselves the whole time. Strange this is,  as I've been listening to this record many times already. It's great to see  that some still have the ability to find new pathways within jazz, while  keeping the soul of it intact. Maybe it's because Cassandra boasts such a  strong individuality, and she takes the trouble to let that remain intact  in her music. After all, it is this that makes jazz so exciting.
B00000DG1R|4.0|If it wasn't for the fact that some of the hits on here are the edited single versions, and that lesser hits like &quot;Violence Of Summer (Love's Taking Over)&quot; and &quot;Too Much Information&quot; are not included  over a few songs which never even made the singles chart, this would be a  5-star CD. Overall, it's still pretty good, though.
B00000I41J|5.0|Cannonball Adderley had the magic ability to make everything he touched, swing. So badly, it gets you out of the chair. You can't sit still, you just start tapping. Miles Davis had(among many) the gift of putting  together formidable groups, and this one has that same high stature as had  most of his own. This record is a classic, the music and the musicians has  that timeless sense about them. Although Adderley is the official leader,  Miles still has the most dominating presence. Not that it matters, because  what counts here is the sheer joy of playing. &quot;Autumn leaves&quot; is  so contagious and puzzling, that it marks you for life. Few other tracks  has ever done that to me. <br />I have listened to the previous copy as well,  but this one clearly supersedes it, it is clear how Van Gelder has been  caring for all in this remastering, each musicians output as well as the  atmosphere present at the recording. Every instrument is reproduced crystal  clear, without becoming sterile, this is really craftmanship at its finest,  and no doubt above that to be found on most Verve Master Editions.
B000005ALP|5.0|Although it lacks the gorgeous ending of &quot;Electro-Shock Blues,&quot; the lesser-known &quot;Beautiful Freak&quot; is a better album overall.  It opens with hit single &quot;Novocaine for the Soul&quot; and amazingly goes  up from there.  Obscure single &quot;Susan's House&quot; is awe-inspiring,  while the spooky &quot;Rags to Rags&quot; and &quot;Your Lucky Day in  Hell&quot; are equally brilliant in their own way.  From start to finish,  this is a remarkably consistent and well crafted album.  I have never known  anyone to be disappointed by it.
B00000K19E|5.0|Perfect Sci-Fi Movie (better than...you name it)
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby, whom many would consider to be the father of modern techno, comes back again to show us how its really done.  This cd isn't a hardcore listening experience, but rather it is something very percisely crafted.   Moby has a way to take what would seem nothing more than odd noise, put it  all together in a way that no one else can seem to match, and not only make  it something you can throw on at a party, but something that is thoroughly  listenable in all respects.  Hats off to the man who continues to amaze me  with his talent.
0767805712|5.0|thisis by far the best film i've ever seen.  its just awesome, and the plot is wondefully written.  uma thurman and ethan hawk are amazing.  if you haven't seen this you HAVE to get it.
B00000I8NC|5.0|They may not be the best band ever, but they are the band that most speaks to me now, that most perfectly captures our time. NIN bores me by now. And all of reznor's progeny seem to be mining the same territory. Godspeed is  the new King of Depression, the best to come along since Joy Division.  The  closest music they can be compared to is the live CD from Pink Floyd's Umma  Gumma. Next, I'd have to say Pink Floyd's Wish You Were Here and then  Animals. No one else is making music like this. Maybe Sonic Youth with Bad  Moon Rising and Daydream Nation. Godspeed's reputation is well-earned. I  saw their recent sold out show and there were lines around the block of  people who couldnt get into the gig. Just the biggest band in the  underground right now. Both their cd's are great. Take your pick.
B000000OYN|4.0|Original versions of Crying in the Rain+Here I go Again are light years better than the Whitesnake album recuts.Basic &quot;Go for the Gut&quot; Rock-n-Roll.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This is a definite must for any rock fan or any one who loves powerful and strong lyrics!  I love their release &quot;Higher&quot; You can feel the  emotion in the song.  The whole cd is great.  I bought it why not you?
0060931671|4.0|I think of Pynchon as the Robin Williams of recent (undeservedly) widely-bought, (undeservedly) widely-taught, and (deservedly) widely-unread fiction: in small doses, Williams and Pynchon come off as brilliant,  artful, and socially insightful.  In increasing doses they become  appallingly tiresome; their audience (mostly captive, in the case of  Pynchon) starts being bored with the same addled antics over and over; then  the audience starts wondering if Pynchon/William's apparent talent is in  fact some tiresome neurological condition; finally the the audience ends up  accepting this hypothesis, and hoping that the condition is either  treatable, or quickly terminal.<br />So, read /just/ this short book and have  a chance at enjoying Pynchon.
1556587864|5.0|No matter what you would argue, this is an undoubted &quot;classic&quot; among all movies of this type. but the story/subj itself is not a real good one;  anything else is good.
0891416811|5.0|I originally read this book when I was 13 or 14 under the title &quot;As Eagles Screamed.&quot;  I found the book in, of all places, a 7-11 on a rack of other WWII oriented paperbacks. I bought the book because of the  cover and because it was the only one I found that was a true story.  I'm  dyslexic and reading was very difficult for me during those years but I  absolutely couldn't stop reading this book. It took a long time for a  relatively short book, but every free second I had I went to this book. I  gave the book to everyone I knew but when I went to look for more copies, I  couldn't find them. I'm 35 now and honestly a year hasn't gone by where I  didn't at one time or another think about this book. While watching  &quot;Saving Private Ryan,&quot; my mind kept going back to this book. A  week ago I was at a local bookstore when I caught the word CURRAHEE! in big  red letters out of the corner of my eye. I almost dropped the books I had  in my hand. I ran to the book wondering if someone else had stolen his  title or could it possibly be that book I had loved so many years ago. I  knew &quot;As Eagles Screamed&quot; had originally been published as  &quot;CURRAHEE!&quot; but I couldn't be sure and couldn't remember the  author's name. I checked the copyright dates and it didn't mention &quot;As  Eagles Screamed&quot; anywhere. I scanned through the Introduction and the  Forward but no mention. Finally on the inside back flap I found what I had  been looking for, it was the book. It was like meeting a best friend I  hadn't seen in years. I bought both copies they had. I haven't read it  again yet; I'm reading another book and I won't start one until I'm  finished with the previous one. I can't wait to read it again. I was afraid  that maybe my youth and the years since had clouded my judgment about the  book but I having read other reviews here I know I'm right.  When I finish  it again, I'll post another review.
6304493681|5.0|If you are a fan of The Matrix, you will love, I mean LOVE this movie.  There are many underlying themes in Ghost which I think the W. brothers drew upon when creating the Matrix.  Mamoru Oshii is to be commended for  his vision, style and ability to grab the viewer and never let go.
B00000AFFI|5.0|I have to admit that, embarassingly enough, I had never heard of P.J. Harvey prior to seeing her ranking on VH1's Top 100 Women of Rock and Roll.  I was intrigued by her voice, and looked at availability on amazon.com.   After reading the reviews, ordering the CD, and now having listened to it  repeatedly, I can not understand any comparison to Britney Spears, or of  anyone of that ilk.  This CD is inspired in its content, profound in its  composition, fearless in its performance, and flawless in its production.   &quot;The Wind&quot; has already invaded my all-time Top 10, and tracks  like &quot;Catherine&quot;, &quot;The River&quot; and &quot;The  Garden&quot; only make me want to rush out (or online) and buy the first  four releases.  <br />Britney Spears?<br />More like the illegimate offspring of  Bjork and Courtney Love who grew up listening to Kate Bush and Joni  Mitchell.
B00000J6AG|2.0|This album is enough to make you want to go to sleep. With the exceptions of tracks 1,5,7, and 9 (which rock and save the album)this album just drags on and on with boring ambient techno (which is cool, but the ambient techno  on this album is just a waste of Moby's talent). Moby's worst album in my  opinion.
B000002L6P|4.0|On the whole this, is a very enjoyable album. Had Madonna added just a couple of more songs, it would have been better. Its short length sort of leaves you hanging. The songs are classic. Of course the title track and  &quot;Material Girl&quot; have made their mark, but I think  &quot;Angel&quot; should have been released too. That probably ties  &quot;Like A Virgin&quot; for the best song on the album. It's classic 80's  at its best.
0790734443|2.0|Jim Carey made an absolutely wonderful Riddler, with a goofiness and insanity that made the character as interesting as any in the Batman films.  I also felt Alfred was given a good part, and Robin was quite likeable.   Now, let's go on and kill the rest of the film...<br />I like Val Kilmer, but  he didn't seem to be able to play this part.  I suspect the directors were  trying to make him be Micheal Keaton--this sort of arrangement never works.   Val Kilmer could have brought his own humor and energy to the role,  instead of which, he dead-panned the part and was completely dull.<br />The  romance with the shrink was BOOOOO-ring and utterly unrelated to the plot.   <br />But the worst was Two-face.  His part seemed to be written as a  second-rate stand-in for the Joker.  Two giggling maniac villains in one  movie is too much.  The villains would have worked MUCH better if their  behavior had contrasted with each other--as someone has said before,  Two-Face should have been done as he is in the TV series, where he was  grim, serious and obsessed.  It would have been much more fun in the long  run, playing him and the Riddler off each other.
B000023VTQ|5.0|You don't even want to know how many times I saw this movie in the theatre!  The performances in this movie are absolutely classic!  It's a bit of a fantasy tale, but that's really what movies are about.  It's  really nice to be able to get away to this bit of London.  The entire cast  is great!  Thanks to Richard Curtis for getting this into a screenplay.   Rent this movie!!  Have a great time!
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is the best album I have heard in years!  It has a beautiful melancholy quality, but it is also very spiritual and uplifting.  I would recommend it to anyone.  I am a graphic artist, and I truly believe it has  helped my work to listen to this fabulous album.
B00000K2SD|5.0|As an action/science-fiction fan, this movie gave me the perfect balance between the two. I was amazed at the well-thought out plot, and I compliment the Wachowski brothers for their excellent work. I've seen my  fair share of action movies and science fiction movies, and this one could  be split into two- one action, one sci-fi- and each would still be great.  It's got an excellent soundtrack and simply some of the best special  effects to date. I encourage any &quot;movie-buffs&quot; (if you would call  them that)who haven't seen it to rent if not buy this one. Even if you've  heard nothing about it, it's well worth it. The thing that grabbed me and  made me see this opening night were the commercials. They seemed  mysterious, and left you curious about it. A truly well-thought out  masterpiece.
1567184855|5.0|If you haven't read anything about reincarnation, go somewhere else. A newbie might find Newton's analysis of afterlife far-fetched. But most experienced readers would love it. Newton tries to explore afterlife as far  as humanly possible.  <br />Michael Duff Newton has a gift for analysis. The  book is well grounded, very organized, and the interviews are impressive.  This is my all-time favorite book about reincarnation and afterlife.
B00001ODHL|5.0|The Army of Darkness is the best horror-comedy of all time. Bruce Campbell does a great job as Ash, the chainsaw-wielding hardware clerk from S-Mart. The dialogue is sharp, the action is great, and Sam Raimi uses great camera  work in the film. Can we please have an Evil Dead 4?
B000007MVM|5.0|Very strange songwriting, to be sure. It has that kind of elusiveness, where you like it, and then again, not really, but then you know there's something there, and by the time you're on your 3rd listen, you're hooked.   Same thing with the Smiths and Robyn Hitchcock, but this album is, I feel,  a little better than all of that. ha! Wonderfully arranged song structures  that have the perfected craftsmanship I-know-what-goes-where of the Beach  Boys and the Beatles without being overly casual as Guided by Voices are.  Kind of like the perfect balance between the perfectionistic virtues of a  classical Chinese poet and the prolific brilliance of Shakespeare.  But  this isn't exactly a pop album of those sorts, it's just.. something of its  own, just as Pipers..Dawn was. Incredible.
0880381736|5.0|The chronicles and legends trilogy are by far supperior to all other books i've ever read, they have great heroes and villains gods and magic, I can't begin to explain how great this book is if you like fantasy BUY THIS BOOK
0812589041|5.0|I read this in conjunction with Ender's Shadow, and between them both, I really feel that this is an amazing look into the pressures of genius and responsibilities and the humans on the other side of the intellect. It's  not so much about sci-fi then about people.
0671027344|5.0|Reading the other reviews portrayed quite a variety in how this book is viewed. For those that say teenagers don't feel that way, I'm probably the exception. I'm a 17 year old girl, and this book explains everything I've  ever felt and then some. I ordered it around May of '99 and there's not a  day that goes by that I don't read a passage from this book. It made me  feel infinite at times, empty at some. This book is indeed beautiful. Don't  just listen to my opinion, find out for yourself. Because in reality that's  what life is all about.
0790733226|1.0|Before I saw this movie I was excited about the concept.  I expected a really good movie from a pretty good cast and director.  What I got was another dose of Hollow-wood crap!  This movie had such promise and fell way  short.  The love-story subplot was totally unnecessary and really detracted  from the overall story and the ending . . .  Well let's just sum it up in  one word . . . anticlimactic.  The movie tries to build up to big finish  and what do we get?  These aliens send us this extremely complex cryptic message that tell  us how to build a device to travel across the galaxy in an instant and only  one person can go.  Whatever!  Then we finally make first contact it looks  like a dead realtive who tells us absolutely squat then sends us home to  tell the rest of the world uhhh! Bottom line:  If you like typical  hollywood formulated movies, with love-story, some cool effects, some  obstacles/antagonism to main chracter(s) followed by a &quot;hokey  ending&quot;, then this movie is for you!
6305546797|5.0|Hi folks. Forget about every version of Halloween that you may have seen on either video, laserdisc or early DVD transfers. Anchor Bay has just released the newly restored version of Halloween. The special limited  double DVD that came out on September 14th brings out the best of Halloween  sound and picturewise ever. The movie was painstakingly restored from the  original camera negatives and what a picture that is!!! Superb colours and  depths, razor sharp video and excellent contrast show Dean Cundeys  beautiful cinematography and lighting. The transfer of the picture was  personally approved by him. The first DVD of the double set offers the  theatrical version of Halloween in both widescreen and pan and scan. The  second DVD contains the &quot;TV version&quot; of Halloween restored in  widescreen, meaning that the 11 minute footage shot for the 1980 NBC  broadcast (USA) was added to the picture. The surprise is that even the TV  footage is offered in widescreen making it a rare treat for fans of the  movie. The 1980 footage was produced during the shoot for Halloween II,  since the NBC people required a few cuts for the TV Version leaving the  running time of Halloween a little short. The original cast of Halloween  was reassambled in 1980 including Donald Pleasance, Jamie Lee Curtis, P.J.  Soles etc. and under J.C. direction the additional scenes were created.  What you see on DVD number two of the set is the full Halloween movie in  widescreen plus the 11 minutes of the TV footage spliced into the story.(NO  cuts!) Those scenes are not so important storywise and I can agree with  Carpenter who says that it makes Michael Meyers even more scary the less  you know about about his backstory. But who would miss the additional  footage if it is available??? I myself prefer the threatrical version since  the 11 minutes of the TV version slow down the movie a little bit but hey,  I am glad to have those scenes for the first time in Widescreen. Those were  only available on the 1994 Criterion Laserdisc release in the United  States, but only as isolated scenes in crappy-bad looking full frame.  The  sound of the restored version of Halloween is another story: DVD one with  the cinema version of Halloween was restored in 5.1 Dolby Digital. The  music sounds absolute great, crisp and clear. The sound has been completely  redesigned and remixed for the Digital Surround world. Directional effects  like rainstorm and wind create a creepy atmosphere and nicely dwell upon  the rear channels! Of course, only when it really fits and not ALL of the  time. As we are told Alan Howarth had his hands on the remixing process of  the sound. Great work with a lot of taste for the piece! This is another  way of listening to the effects and music and we all know how important  this is particular in the case of Halloween. It transforms the picture  again into the year 2000 without killing it's spirit (no pun intended!).  For the purists out there the original mono soundtrack is also available on  the DVD to choose. The sound of the &quot;TV version&quot; is available in  mono only. The extras of the special limited edition DVD are great too.  There is a 30 minute documentary called &quot;Halloween unsmasked  2000&quot; including new interviews of the cast and crew partly shot on  original shooting sights. I don't want to go too much into detail but every  time I see Jamie Lee Curtis talk about her work on Halloween I am stunned  at her intelligence, her humour, her sympathy and her loyalty towards John  Carpenter and Debra Hill. By the way, I could listen to Debra Hill and John  Carpenter for hours in a row.  Anyway, the docu was really great and  enyoable! Apart from that, there are trailers, tv and radio spots, movie  trivia and picture galeries availabe on the DVD extras. All in all it makes  the new Anchor special edition of Halloween the best that ever happened to  a video release of that movie. Pitty, they didnt re-released the new prints  ina theatrical run. Well, if you want the DVD double set, you better move  fast. It is limited to 21.000 copies. The restored movie only will be  availble on September 28th as regular Dolby Digital 5.1 widescreen version.  One more thing. Anchor Bay has not regional coded those DVDs. Play them  whereever you are, Europe, States, Asia, Australia or Africa it really  doesnt matter. Enjoy folks! I am still enjoying!!!n a theatrical run. Well, if you want the DVD double set, you better move  fast. It is limited to 21.000 copies. The restored movie only will be  availble on September 28th as regular Dolby Digital 5.1 widescreen version.  One more thing. Anchor Bay has not regional coded those DVDs. Play them  whereever you are, Europe, States, Asia, Australia or Africa it really  doesnt matter. Enjoy folks! I am still enjoying!!!
B000002GFV|4.0|After returning from illness Cat Stevens produced 3 magnificent albums, with this, his second, being the defining moment in his career. At his peak with songs like &quot;Hard Headed Woman&quot;, &quot;Where Do The Children  Play?&quot; and &quot;Father and Son&quot;, Cat Stevens's star burned  brightly for two years on the strength of this album and &quot;Teaser and  the Firecat&quot;. <br />Even now those two discs represent music which has  seldom been approached for its poetic lyricism and melody. The gentle  instrumentation, perfectly recorded and mixed by ex-Yardbird Paul  Samwell-Smith, adds to the ethereal atmosphere.
0783225792|4.0|A great movie and a great DVD.  Other than Goodfellas, this movie is tops.  The acting is great, with unexpected great performances from Sharon Stone and James Woods.  Just wish they offered a Pan &amp; Scan version.
0812550706|5.0|I read Ender's Game years ago, when it first came out. The author is a highly sensitive and perceptive man. As a childhood victim of abuse by bullies, I can understand how the highly intelligent kids are also highly  sensitive. Dare I say those who disliked the book may not have acquired the  sentivities necessary to appreciate the subtle horrors of childhood.  Perhaps the recent high-school shootings should bring to light this  hitherto unmentioned aspect of civilization. Children are underestimated in  their intelligence and experiential scope. If we only recognized the highly  bright and empathic kids in our world, and promoted them to be our leaders  instead of harrassing them for being nerds, the world would be a better  place. For those who feel underappreciated, don't. The teachers all said I  was stupid in school and gave me bad grades. I joined Mensa a few years  ago. Ender's Game is a vision of a future where the great potential of our  young children is recognized, albeit unfortunately exploited due to the  necessity of the alien war.
0385302320|4.0|I loved the whole Outlander series, but this book was my least favorite. It has many of the elements that I enjoyed in the other books -- historical detail, great characters, interesting plot twists. But.  I was disappointed  in the reunion between Claire and Jaime after 20/200 years of separation.  The first thing he does is wet his pants (by sitting in something). Then  they have a Keystone Cop-style set of adventures with fires, revenue  agents, etc. I thought the Chinaman was silly. It got better later, though  there were times I had trouble following what was going on -- and why. I  did like the introduction of the teenage young Ian, another endearing  character.  Also liked getting to know Roger and Brianna better. And the  next book gets much better.
B000002V07|4.0|Just a note to the previous reviewer:  Mazzy Star is the name of the band, not the singer.  Her name is Hope Sandoval.<br />But no matter.  By whatever name, she is a great singer in her own dark, deadpan, detached way.  Along  with David Roback (formerly of Rain Parade and Opal), the band creates  slow, shadowy, beautiful numbers that haunt you in your dreams.<br />You may  have to be in a certain mood to enjoy it (don't listen if you're TOO  depressed already), but nice stuff!
6301562941|5.0|James Cameron directed and wrote this very beautifully shot, masterfully told underwater saga. Like his other masterful works, The Abyss deserves credit for the technological achievements; therefore, it propelled all  films since into a new realm of computer graphics. <br />The acting of Ed  Harris is Oscar quality, though he was not given credit. <br />Cameron's other  version, the 'Special Edition' is quite impressive...as far as the original  story is concerned, it makes incredibly more sense. But with either cut,  this movie deserves our most abundent attention for the message against our  many dangerous defenses that is obviously relayed by director, Cameron.  <br />Two thumbs high up in the air and it gets my utmost respect for the  attempt of trying our senses against violence, not obvious to even the  director--I see it clear as day in most of Cameron's films.
B000002UVX|5.0|Jimi at his finest: combining power, drama, and groove from the all too short saga of Hendrix' Band of Gypsies trio.
0800177177|4.0|Wow, I have to admit this is one of the best movies I have ever seen, but this movie is nothing like Bram Stocker's Dracula. First of all Dracula was not a loving person in the book at  all. He was a mean person who did not  love anyone. I'm sure that the reason Coppela made Dracula look like a  romantic was because he wanted to attract the female side of the crowd. I  completely understand that but I think if he was going to do that he should  not have put Bram Stoker in front of the title.         But other than that  I think the costumes, special effects, and most of the acting was great.         By the way I do think that Keana Reeves did a horrible job playing the  part of Jonathon. He had the foniest  accent I have ever heard.
044100590X|5.0|I've read this book five times now and everytime I get something different out of it.  It is layers upon layers upon layers.  The book touches upon themes including religion, government, social conventions, addiction, and  selective breeding.  YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!
B00000J7JO|5.0|Just back from the band concert here in Brasil, it was awesome, I'm definitely getting this cd, if the songs in it are half as good as they were live tonight I'll be satisfied.
091581112X|5.0|I have read all of Sanya Romans books and have passeed them on to many friends! They are very thought provoking and in some cases, life changing! I highly recommend them!
0140067477|4.0|hoff written such a lovely book, it's so simple and clear, yet so much fun. He explained the great teachings of Taoism resembledd in winnie the pooh. His way of writing his book by using the parts of pooh's stories make  reading his book seem even more interesting. It's simple and easy to  understand.
0553565915|5.0|Beautiful, thought provoking book!!
B00000IIXH|5.0|I have never been a Springsteen fan before, in fact I've never even enjoyed the big hits that would come up on the radio often. Boy was I amazed when I listened to this for the first time. &quot;Hearts of  Stone&quot;, &quot;The Fever&quot;, and everything else on the album: these  are amazing songs. If these were the singles playing on the Mix stations  all these years, I would have been a Bruce fan for sure. I'm so glad that  these tunes got a chance to surface. They are incredible. I understand that  some fans are angry that this album is basically a rerelease of Tracks, and  it is a valid complaint, but the 3 bonus tunes are a must-have and I  recommend this CD to anyone.
006016848X|5.0|A great book that that has touched my life as well as many others I know. It helps men and women realize the differences between them so we can understand why our mate reacts the way they do. I thoroughly enjoyed  reading this book. It made me laugh while it taught me some very important  lessons.
B00002E233|5.0|This movie made me jump in my seat. Ive never been so pleased and scared at the same time! Everyone who loves scary movies need to see this one and they will never forget it!
6305470448|1.0|The other night my husband and I had a night all to ourselves. No kids.  We decided to rent a movie that we could both enjoy.  He wanted to rent ANALYZE THIS and I wanted to rent SHAKESPEARE IN LOVE.  &quot;You need to  broaden your horizons&quot; I told him.  He agreed. BIG MISTAKE.  Once we  began watching the movie, we started calling out what we thought would  happen next.  Boy, were we good!  You would have thought WE wrote the  screenplay.  Anyway, after about 20 minutes of this drivel I notice that my  husband had a pained look on his face, as if he had just eaten rotten  cheese.  So I cut him loose.  He was free.  I, on the other hand, am a  glutton for punishment so I forced myself to finish watching.<br />I heard my  husband in the kitchen fixing a bowl of ice cream.  He was watching  'Friends' and I found myself more interested in Chandler's one-liners than  the ones being spewed from the lips of Vi and Will. I REALLY DID try to  watch the whole movie. But when they finally began the performance of  &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; I just had to turn it off.  The prediction my  husband and I jokingly made at the begining of the movie was actually being  played out on screen like a big joke. It was too much.  It was time to  admit defeat. Click-Stop-Rewind. Time to go apologize to my husband.<br />When  I returned the movie to the video store I wanted to ask for my money back.   I didn't. Instead I rented ANALYZE THIS.  My husband and I laughed our  butts off.  NOW, I am NOT trying to compare this movie to SHAKESPEARE!   What I AM trying to do (in my roundabout way) is suggest that you save  yourself time and money by just skipping it.  If however you DO decide to  rent SHAKESPEARE IN LOVE, then just rent a second movie along with it.   That way you'll only have to watch the first 10 minutes of the movie and  can just predict the rest. THEN watch the second movie you rented.   Hopefully you'll enjoy that one more.<br />Rent SENSE AND SENSIBILITY, EMMA or  PRIDE AND PREJUDICE instead.  They are all MUCH better, and will make you  laugh and cry!
B00000DMJF|4.0|I am giving this album a 4-star rating for the brilliant music contained in it.  This album has come in for a lot of criticism for its' experimental nature, but that's what makes it interesting!  Maybe it's not as great as  Sgt Pepper but the White Album is still a classic.  No self-respecting rock  fan should be without this Beatles album, along with Sgt Pepper, Revolver  and Abbey Road.  I have recently purchased the UK version of this 30th  anniversary edition version.  It has to be said that, although it's a good  idea on EMI's part to repackage this CD to replicate the original 1968  vinyl issue on a smaller scale, the quality of the packaging itself is very  disappointing and does not really justify the asking price - even if you're  a big Beatles fan.  The original CD version, issued in 1987, features  vastly superior and more robust packaging so I'd stick to that one.  Also,  this CD is most definitely NOT a remaster.  A better idea would have been  to repackage this CD in a proper box set (as opposed to the rather flimsy  plastic casing) and - as one reviewer has already pointed out - issued in  the original MONO format which would have been more interesting from a  listening point of view as there are some big differences in the overall  mix and sound.  The mono version has never been released on CD, which would  have made for a far better 30th anniversary edition.  So come on EMI, sort  it out!!!
0440219078|5.0|Readers who like to think about what they read and  not just read it will love this book.  It is about Jonus, a 12 year old boy living in a perfect world.  There is no hunger, color, sadness, anger, nothing like that.   Jonus is wondering what his profession will be, and is shocked with the  result.  You will, too, if you read this book!!
B000002HMH|5.0|IT IS TRUE THAT LOAD IS A LITTLE SOFTER,BUT I STILL THINK IT HAS A GOOD SOUND.  ITS AMAZING THAT THEIR STILL TURNING OUT ROCKIN` MUSIC. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND SINCE THE EARLY 80s.  I DEFINITELY RECCOMMEND THIS ALBUM!
6305627401|4.0|You don't know what to expect from Matt Stone and Trey Parker, especally when they are given a &quot;no holds barred&quot; treatment like &quot;Bigger, Longer and Uncut&quot;.  The result?  A hilarious (if not  over the top vulgar) film that will have you sprawling all over the couch  with laughter.  This film is a must for any &quot;South Park&quot; fan.
0780622650|1.0|This dreary, no fun mess has nothing to offer except excellent special effects and great sets. William Hurt looks embarassed, and I never thought I would see Gary Oldman UNDERPLAY a role. Horrible clumsy script, flat  characters, depressiong tone.
1563894270|5.0|The ultimate Batman mystery. And only an inexperienced Batman and a young Police commisioner to solve it. I already knew &quot;whodunnit&quot; going into the book, and it still blew me away when the killer was revealed. I  can't imagine how shocked I would have been if I hadn't already known.  Anyone familiar with Batman should be ashamed to not own this. Great art by  Tim Sale, incredibly affordable. BUY IT.
B000002UAR|5.0|The true measure of music is how well it stands up over time. Ten years or so should do. It's been nearly thirty five years since Revolver was released, and it is still as crisp and cutting today as it was then. From  the opening 1-2-3-4 of Taxman to the frantic wailing of guitars searing  through Tomorrow Never Knows, this album never quits.The despair of Eleanor  Rigby is as touching as ever. And Paul's For No One speaks volumes for  anyone who's ever suffered breakup. Sure there are fluff pieces(Yellow  Submarine, Got to Get You Into My Life).But for each one there are two or  three monster tracks right on their heels( She Said She Said, And Your Bird  Can Sing,I'm Only Sleeping). Were these guys great musicians? Absolutely  not. Were they the greatest band in rock n roll history? Absolutely!
0930289234|5.0|The best comic story. Ever. You'll love it, you won't put it down. If this was written in book form, it'd be considered classic literature. If you think comics are childish and silly, BUY THIS, it'll change your view point  forever. Alan Moore is a genious and this is his best work ever, I  guarantee you'll love it. Dave Gibbons draws the best work of his career,  you'll never forget the scenes from his 'post-apocalypse' scenes. If you  don't own this, shame on you!
0385495315|5.0|Ajdfg jco werr wqoitl.  9  A kpuym dhr sueet wcdk.  14  Cel apre hgh vo ddplkw ru owplt!  8  Lo pyunr digh jido rr plint.  61  Fdyu th tfre nds lokputy bnk fo.  (875)  Sqy treop hu gin cpy.  010  Hf oie wangt thuy fiu  sotp vjk wrq.  77  Bravo, a wonderful read!  9
B000002MG1|5.0|This CD is the greatest CD of my collection, and is perfect for a gentle, quiet night where you can just sit back and listen to the beautiful lyrics and sweet melodies.   Songs like Nightswimming, Everybody Hurts and  Sweetness Follows will become instant favourites because of the pure  emotion in which they are sung.  Superb.
B000001FZK|5.0|&quot;Place my chair at the back room door&quot;, says the plaintiff Mark Hollis. This time around he and his crew of true journey men take &quot;form&quot; and throw it out the window. Another masterpiece by these  wonderful musicians, who can make life rise and eternity stretch forever.  It is an obvious move onward from &quot;Spirit&quot;, but yet again they  give us something new. The one minute, one note guitar solo by Hollis is  definatley a plus. Every song on this album is unique and utterly  indefinable. We banter around words, but words will never do this or any TT  album justice. From &quot;Taphead&quot; to &quot;New Grass&quot; the music  moves and mutates into tiny fragments of life as we know it. Sadness, Loss,  Joy, lifes ever changing views. If I ever tried to describe this album I  would say &quot;The World wrapped into fourty five minutes.&quot; From  feedback to freedom, from melody to mood, from here to eternity!
B00000JCB2|5.0|I love it.  IT could not have been better.  I love there nookie song.  Fred Durst does a wonderfull job.  I would highly recomend this.  If your kids like it you should get them the edited version.  iF YOU BUY THIS YOU  won't regret it.
B000005J56|5.0|I played this CD 3 times over at a party I had before we tired of it.  Wonderful music, very enjoyable.
0446525537|5.0|I read Nicholas Spark's other books and found them to be very touching.  This story is sweet and innocent, just as a first love should be.  I read this book in a weekend, and will probably pass it on to friends to read...   The author tells you in the first chapter that you will laugh and cry, and  he was correct!
6304711921|4.0|I've always been a fan of Tim Burton movies. Tim Burton has a remarkably twisted imagination that will appeal to older children and adults alike. The DVD never looked better, the transfer is excellent. The 5.1 effects are  well done - not as explosive as an action film, but for a cartoon its  impressive. Elfman's score is appropriate: very catchy tunes, on the pop  order and not too memomrable, but fitting in the movie's context very well.  Very typical for the Elfman / Burton combination. The stop-motion is  fantastic.<br />The DVD looses a star for being bare-bones. Great transfer,  but the extras are terrible. Especially since the laserdisc transfer had a  lot more going for it (commentary, etc.) <br />(Regarding the comments that it  was too violent: a Tim Burton film is not a happy-go-lucky film for 4 year  olds ala Disney. To me, it has the best qualities of a twisted kids' story,  which is usually geared more towards 10 to 15 year olds. As an example,  look at the poetry of Shel Silverstein, or animation classics such as  Looney Tunes. They have a similar appeal, even cross-section appeal to  adults. Tim Burton's films have always been like that.)
0790729725|5.0|this film is a masterpiece this movie ranks up there with the godfather part 111 and scarface (not with the godfather part1 and 11) a portrays a real gangster and shows the everyday life of one. It has a lot of violence  but it is necessary. ONe of the top three films of the 90's and one of the  greatest of all time.
B0000024T3|1.0|It's hard not to get all giggly with this one. Campy fun
6304240554|5.0|This is my favorite zombie movie.  It has a plot like that of Night of the Living Dead.  So if you like Night of the Living Dead...<br />  The world is being overrun by zombies, so four people take refuge in a gigantic shopping  mall.  they have unlimited supplies and can holdout forever if they want.   But somehow the zombies get inside and wreak havoc.<br />Enjoy!!!
B000002549|1.0|I'm waiting for her hip-hop CD
B000002UB3|5.0|To me, Abbey Road is the best Beatles Album and is perhaps the greatest rock and pop album of all time. <br />Though survey after survey would seem to suggest that the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band is the  greatest album of all time, I might agree that it is at least the greatest  conceptual piece in rock and roll history, but all in all, I have to rank  Abbey Road above it.<br />After comparing and contrasting the various works of  the Beatles for several years, I regard the earlier albums as masterpieces  in their own right. Some might say that Rubber Soul is the Beatles' best;  however, I have come to perceive this great album as one that was released  when the songwriting and musical talents of the Fab Four had room for  further development.<br />Some might even say that the Beatles were at their  best during the experimental years of 1966 and 1967. True, the Beatles were  prolific with sights and sounds never attempted by other artists.  Nonetheless, if I were younger and did not understand the music of that  time, I would probably regard Revolver, Sgt. Pepper and Magical Mystery  Tour as overproduced pieces.<br />But with Abbey Road, you hear original work  done by the Beatles at their best (i.e. in 1969, when their musical  abilities had ripened and come full circle). The album is fantastic and it  shows that the Beatles could curtail the orchestrations and  instrumentations without eliminating one ounce of brilliance.
6303332609|4.0|Matt Flask is crazy. He should be locked up. Seriously, he's demented. Also, the movie was pretty good.
B00000ILGL|5.0|this is the great album i ever hee
B00000J7J4|5.0|Supernatural is another masterpiece by the artist.  Santana provides a highway to the Heavens.  His music is so deep and so elevated that it is truly a spiritual experience.  The man has grown more profound for 30 years  on the world music stage.  His story, his musical odyssey and spiritual  journey have always made palpable the greatest in life and in the universe.   A Great Guru.  I bow my head in awe to this Master.  It is so refreshing  to see Supernatural as the No. 2 bestseller at Amazon.com and to hear his  melodies constantly on radio since Supernatural has been released.
B000000WHX|4.0|mezzanine got me started with the m.a. crew; this is a VERY different sound, but impressive. shara wilson's soulful voice on &quot;safe from harm&quot; and &quot;unfinished sympathy&quot; and &quot;lately&quot; are  the gems.  <br />compared to the dark lumberings of mezzanine, this stuff is  bright, optimistic and very catchy. it's hard to imagine that this was  produced 8 years ago.
0380778556|4.0|An intruiging book; we know of the second Mrs de Winter only by that name, almost as though her only identity is by being the wife of Maxim. She is endearing and silly and lovable at the same time and yet as we read how she  is haunted by shadows of ghosts we are drawn to and repulsed by Manderly at  the same time. And the end of the book does not come back to the beginning.  As Max has said &quot;Perhaps in the end Rebecca has won&quot;, that  nothing ever ends when it does.
0790737973|5.0|this movie is not for the  average lay person. however those who are well educated and highly intelligent wil enjoy this underwater thriller. a thought provoking movie that will examine the infinite realms of the human  mind and parlay it into terror!!!
B00000FZ1V|5.0|What a great line!!! I have to say I have yet to see a more impressive DVD. The picture quality is beyond belief and the extras are endless. An amazing acheivement that truely shows the great technology of DVD videos. A  classic film, made even better. A must have for every collection.
6305399212|5.0|James Cameron proves that the sequel can be better than the original, and does so in spectacular style. The history of the xenomorphs is fleshed out properly and the weapons and action sequences are absolutely stunning. A  landmark in science-fiction.
B00000IPAX|5.0|they are so funny and i love there band.  i'm going to buy all of their other cds because i hear they're just as good
B000005S37|1.0|This album was Lou Reed's revenge against his former record company.  He recorded this album to complete his contract with them.  Needless to say Reed was not at all happy and basically told them if they wanted two albums  worth of material, they'd get it.  Thus, you get &quot;Metal Machine  Music&quot;, extended white noise and feedback.  After he released the  album, Reed's record company released it, probably thinking Reed's attempt  at professional suiside would do him in.  I'm surprised it has made its way  over to CD - uh, it's unlistenable.<br />If you like this, great, but I liken  it to watching white noise on the TV - no substance.
6304806434|4.0|This film has it all - an original plot, great action sequences, humour and lots of guns and explosions.  The plot, although original is very predictable at times and the DVD lacks extra featues, but overall a great  movie.
B00000AF98|1.0|\\"Crazy Nights\\" was released in 1988. This was in my opinion the low point of Kiss' career. Gone was the momentum generated by \\"Animalize\\" and, to a lesser degree, \\"Asylum.\\" Also gone was that signature Kiss sound. To me, this album sounded so plastic, so uninspired. Even 1980's roundly trashed \\"Unmasked\\" had its redeming factors. \\"Crazy Nights\\" is probably the dullest thing Kiss has ever put out.<br /><br />\\"Reason To Live,\\" while having a nice message sounds too much like Foreigner's \\"I Want To Know What Love is.\\" Songs such as \\"Bang Bang You\\", \\"No, No, No\\", and \\"My Way\\" (not the Frank Sinatra version) sound like throw-aways from the \\"Asylum\\" sessions.<br /><br />Sadly, the album has not aged well. If you want to listen to what Kiss was, check out almost any other album from their back catalog. \\"Crazy Nights\\" would put Kiss on a downward spiral from which they wouldn't recover until 96's Reunion Tour.
B000001G99|5.0|An overload of incredible music performed by someone who understands it perfectly and communicates it clearly. Hours of bliss!
B000001ELP|5.0|It was 1981, and Kiss was in trouble. They had just released their least popular album to date, \\"Unmasked,\\" and had officially parted ways with drummer Peter Criss. Their concerts had become family affairs, with children to grandparents coming to their shows. And while the money kept rolling in, the guys in the band were not happy with their image.<br /><br />I had always heard how bad an album \\"The Elder\\" was; that is was an embarrassing pretentious mess of self indulgent material by a band struggling with an identity crisis. I had very low expectations when I picked up a copy in 1984 (three years after its release), but I was a fan and wanted to give it a chance.<br /><br />\\"Fanfare\\" starts the album off with wind chimes, giving way to a woodwind quartet, then full orchestral ensemble.<br />This leads into the acoustic piece, \\"Just a Boy,\\" one of my favorite tracks off the album. \\"Who steers the ship through the stormy sea, if hope is lost than so are we...\\" Yeah, a lot of folks hate it, but it works for me.<br /><br />\\"Odyssey\\" is an orchestrated piece that tends to irritate people. The only problem I have with it is Paul's voice. It sounds as if he's singing with a mouth full of marshmallows. But Bob Ezrin's orchestration, the guitar solo, the vocal harmonies, this works for me too. It is not typical Kiss by any stretch of the imagination, but it works. I think is was a song like this that opened the door for Paul Stanley to star in \\"Phantom of the Opera.\\"Again, a track that is often despised, but I like it.<br /><br />Gene handles the lead vocals on \\"Only You\\" while Paul sings the bridge. It's got some strange chord changes, but it works as a mid tempo song. Now as you may or may not know, this album was set around a fantasy story. \\"Only You\\" takes up where \\"Just a Boy\\" leaves off.<br /><br />\\"Under The Rose\\" has what sounds like a Gregorian Choir singing the chorus. Kiss was trying to be diverse, and they achieved that with this song. Following along with the storyline: \\"Loneliness will haunt you, Will you sacrifice? Do you take the oath, Will you live your life Under the rose.\\"<br /><br />Ace, with co-writer Lou Reed, contributes \\"Dark Light.\\" you can really hear Lou's influence With Ace speaking/singing delivery. To me, it's not one of Ace's best songs, but it fits nicely on the album.<br /><br />The highlight of the album for most people is \\"A World Without Heroes.\\" I recall the video of a pony tailed Gene in makeup singing under a spotlight, ending the song with a tear flowing down his right cheek. That image of Gene Simmons, the Demon, shedding a tear while crooning didn't sit well with a lot of fans. While it may not have fit the Kiss profile, it stands on its own as an excellent song.<br /><br />\\"The Oath\\" builds off the previous songs in the storyline: \\"Now inside, the fire of the ancient burns, a boy goes in and suddenly a man returns...\\" Probably my favorite track on the album with a great riff, and vocals by Paul Stanley.<br /><br />\\"Mr. Blackwell\\" is my least favorite song on the album. I'm not sure whether this Mr. Blackwell was supposed to be the antagonist of the story or the Mr. Blackwell from the fashion world. I like the chorus, but not much beyond that. For some reason, I get images of the Grinch song when I hear this.<br /><br />\\"Escape From The Island\\" is an instrumental contribution from Eric Carr. I'm guessing this might have been planned for a chase scene.<br /><br />\\"I\\" has Gene and Paul trading off lyrics culmination in the chorus of \\"Now I believe in me; And I believe in something more<br />Than you can understand; Yes, I believe in me.\\" Not my favorite song, but certainly ends the album on an upbeat note.<br /><br />As you can tell from the reviews, Kiss fans either love \\"The Elder\\" or hate it. I'm in the group that loves this album. It shows a band taking a chance that, while not deemed a success at the time, can be viewed as a solid piece of work that stands amongst Kiss' best.ll you sacrifice? Do you take the oath, Will you live your life Under the rose.\\"     Ace, with co-writer Lou Reed, contributes \\"Dark Light.\\" you can really hear Lou's influence With Ace speaking/singing delivery. To me, it's not one of Ace's best songs, but it fits nicely on the album.    The highlight of the album for most people is \\"A World Without Heroes.\\" I recall the video of a pony tailed Gene in makeup singing under a spotlight, ending the song with a tear flowing down his right cheek. That image of Gene Simmons, the Demon, shedding a tear while crooning didn't sit well with a lot of fans. While it may not have fit the Kiss profile, it stands on its own as an excellent song.    \\"The Oath\\" builds off the previous songs in the storyline: \\"Now inside, the fire of the ancient burns, a boy goes in and suddenly a man returns...\\" Probably my favorite track on the album with a great riff, and vocals by Paul Stanley.     \\"Mr. Blackwell\\" is my least favorite song on the album. I'm not sure whether this Mr. Blackwell was supposed to be the antagonist of the story or the Mr. Blackwell from the fashion world. I like the chorus, but not much beyond that. For some reason, I get images of the Grinch song when I hear this.    \\"Escape From The Island\\" is an instrumental contribution from Eric Carr. I'm guessing this might have been planned for a chase scene.    \\"I\\" has Gene and Paul trading off lyrics culmination in the chorus of \\"Now I believe in me; And I believe in something more   Than you can understand; Yes, I believe in me.\\" Not my favorite song, but certainly ends the album on an upbeat note.     As you can tell from the reviews, Kiss fans either love \\"The Elder\\" or hate it. I'm in the group that loves this album. It shows a band taking a chance that, while not deemed a success at the time, can be viewed as a solid piece of work that stands amongst Kiss' best.
6303282237|5.0|For some reason we have made watching this a Christmas tradition. Heston and Loren make a more passionate leading couple than Liz and Dick by far. It is a long movie, with dialogue that is difficult to hear at times, so  turn up the volume. (You will appreciate the great score even more.) The  joust is thrilling and well made. There are many incidents where personal  honor is the subject. It is also the major theme of the movie, and it's  worth seeing just to appreciate that.
6305127646|4.0|Anyone who is into spy movies, action movies, love stories, or electronic music will go crazy for this movie. The spy and action portion is enough to keep you on the edge of your couch. Throw in a beautiful Elizabeth Schue  and you have the complete package. For all you who are into the electro  music scene, like me, this movie is one big music video. The soundtrack  includes some of the best and well known electro groups. This movie would  make a great first DVD for anyone starting their collection. Great sound,  great music, and best of all, great movie!  ENJOY!
B0000024IE|5.0|&quot;Fear&quot; is the best rap album ever made.  It was made at the right time, when sampling didn't cost artists so much.  It allowed Terminator X and the Bomb Squad to produce the most radical apocalyptic  hiphop assault on the ears.  &quot;Brothers Gonna Work it Out&quot; swirls  with immediacy (sampling Prince's &quot;Let's Go Crazy&quot;), same with  &quot;Power to the People&quot; (and you thought the beat slowed down) and  &quot;War at 33 1/3.&quot;  I like this album slightly better than &quot;It  Takes a Nation of Millions,&quot; because this album is so much more  chaotic and dense.  The beats are huge, adn Chuck D is full of fury (scary  as hell).  I would agree that Flavor Flav was more fun on &quot;It Takes a  Nation of Millions,&quot; but he shines on &quot;911 is a Joke.&quot;
0880381736|5.0|I've never really read fantasy novels, but my friend bought this book for me, and I loved it!  Now I'm desperately trying to find more books in this series.  It's a great read for someone who wants to read a good fantasy  novel.
B00000AFFF|4.0|There are some worthwhile songs here which may become standards - &quot;Toledo&quot; and &quot;God Give Me the Strength,&quot; among others.  And it's wonderful to hear those clean, quirky stop-start Bacharach  arrangements again.  It suffers a little from the limitations in Costello's  voice, but at least he's trying. <br />If you don't like this or at least  appreciate it, you're probably afraid of becoming an adult.
6304372620|2.0|This movie was ok, but that's about it.  Reading the book AND seeing the movie definitely makes it a better experience.  But, still, I wouldn't go much above 2 stars, book or no book.
6304474652|5.0|I watched this movie several times and always enjoy it every time.  I cannot imagine why a soundtrack was never made from this movie.  The music is great -- I'm  sure it would still be a popular selling soundtrack.  Somebody goofed!!!
6305627401|5.0|Ok, anyone who didn't like this movie didn't understand Trey Parker and Matt Stone's intentions. They were making this for the fans; they didn't want it to be just four episodes of the show strewn together; and it's  being a musical-you've gotta know that Trey Parker is a musical prodigy,  and they wanted to give the viewers something they wouldn't expect. It's a  take-off on all those corny musicals. But this is the only movie I've ever  been to that the entire theater was laughing almost perpetually. Anyone who  was offended by it-there is no one or nothing that Matt and Trey won't make  fun of. And no matter what people might think, they really are smart! So I  loved this movie!, needless to say.
B000001DWG|5.0|There has never been anything like it.  His words, his emotions, his life is all in his lyrical content.  If there was one true band of the past decade, it was Mother Love Bone.  They would have been more powerful than  anything else, even surpassing thier counterparts, Soundgarden and Alice in  Chains.  If Andrew would have lived, MLB would have been HUGE!!!!  Let me  tell ya people!  Ya gotta listen to me, people, ya gotta listen to me.
630419143X|5.0|Desde 1995, no he visto pelicula alguna de dibujos animados que la supere. La primera 100% hecha por computador, y la mejor. Aunque A Bugs Life es bastante buena, Toy Story es insuperable. Es para toda la familia, no solo  para chicos, sino tambin para grandes, podemos ver a muchos de nuestro  juguetes en accin.
B0000029GA|5.0|I own over 700cds. From every single style and age that music has existed. I have dedicated my life to the history of music, and teaching its roots to college level students. Here is one line that can bring together what every  single reviewer has said: NASIR JONES' ALBUM IS ONE OF THE GREATEST ALBUMS  EVERY PRODUCED FROM EVERY CATAGORY OF MUSIC EVER PRESENT ON OUR PLANET, HIS  ALBUM TRIUMPHS OVER EVERY RAP PRODUCTION QUICKLY AND EFFECTIVLY LEAVING HIM  ONLY WITH THE GREATEST ALBUMS TO CONTEND WITH. THIS CD IS, AND WILL BE, IN  PERPERTUITY, ONE OF THE GREATEST MUSICAL ACCOMPLISHMENTS IN EVER SEEN IN  THIS WORLD. thank you.
6305263248|5.0|In a tired genre, Frankenheimer has managed to create new life.  I was on the edge of my seat the whole time, and it was a &quot;thinking&quot; plot, not just a shoot-em-up.  De Niro was excellent, but Natascha McElhone was  fantastic as an IRA terrorist.   <br /> Visual Impact: excellent<BR> Sound:  excellent+<BR> Features: excellent<BR> Scene Selection: fair<BR> Price:  excellent+<BR>
014028009X|5.0|I bought this book because I thought the sypnosis sounded interesting. I'm not the type to finish reading a book in a few hours, I like to take my time with it. But with this book, I couldn't put it down!! <br />It is  extremely funny and very real. I sometimes felt that I was the only woman  left who is sometimes insecure about my weight and apperance but when I  read Bridget Jones' Diary I realized that I'm by far the only one!!  Whenever I have a bad day I always pick up this book, the funny situations  always makes me smile. Read this book, I recommend it to anyone!!
B000003BF4|5.0|One of the best live rock n roll records ever.  Mick Taylor's playing is just brilliant (slide solo on 'Love in vain', and his powerful ending solo on 'Sympathy').  This shows the Stones at their true peak.
0393039765|4.0|Fight Club is a good novel, it really is.  But it could be better.  The novel's prose is different and I wasn't prepared for it, but after reading the end, I feel it is a book that you almost have to read again to pick up  on things that NOW make sense.<br />And the ending...Palahniuk should have  known when to stop.  The last chapter should have been deleted, allowing  for a more disturbing ending. But that wouldn't suffice so now the narrator  is  in a more convenient place.<br />I think the movie will be good; I only  hope they don't stick with the ending.
6305265488|5.0|This movie is awsome, I couldn't get over the perfect love story and how wonderful they all played their parts.  I love this movie to death and can't get enough of it.  The music is sensational and so is the setting.   Take my word for it, YOU'LL LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!
6304288433|3.0|Okay, after you read this go to the box cover image and click on it to enlarge it.  You will see that they mispelled Jamie Lee Curtis!  They spelled it JAIME!!!  Goodtimes Video is the distributor, and boy are they  good at typos.  I wish they would release a restored version of this movie  -- digitally mastered like they did to the first movie several times.  It's  not as good as the original, but what sequel is?  It has it's moments.  Check out Jamie Lee's bad wig, and how she has maybe 5 lines in the whole  movie!  The hospital is creepy though, and the music alone will send chills  down your spine.
6302787556|5.0|Spike Lee's &quot;Malcolm X&quot; is a riveting masterpiece that's thrilling and emotionally moving and powerful. Lee does a great job capturing Malcolm X as does Denzel Washington in his best performance ever.  This is a film that lets us know the character and his times. I also loved  the structure of the screenplay and film itself. The first half is noirish  with the gangster feel of &quot;Scarface,&quot; the second is a riveting  historical document like Oliver Stone's &quot;JFK.&quot; &quot;Malcolm  X&quot; should be shown in schools around America as an educational tool  about a man and his era. Malcolm X embodied the struggle of the  African-American in America. This is powerful filmmaking at it's best.  &quot;Malcolm X&quot; is brutal, powerful, hard-hitting and full of great  performances. Not even Lee's recent Summer release, &quot;Summer Of  Sam,&quot; reaches the level of power and intensity of &quot;Malcolm  X.&quot; This is one of the greatest films of the decade, a true gem.
B000002G87|5.0|The mixture of Clapton of lead guitar and Allman on the slide makes this album one of the best I've ever heard
B00000DHRX|4.0|In fact I own two Beck albums(see &quot;What Critics Say:&quot; above)and I just bought Listen Without Prejudice...Why did my girlfriend look at me with concern when I said I was buying a George Michael CD?....Come on,  AREATH! sings a duet with him, that's good enough for me.  I guess I'll  have to file this under guilty pleasures right next to the Romantics.
6303481345|4.0|I recommend this to anyone who seriously likes anme. If you don't, the vulgarity of the movie might seem a little odd.  It's not for anyone under the age of 15!!  There's a sex scene, rape scene (kinda sorta), and nudity.   But don't get me wrong!  The plot's great!  have fun with it!
6301562925|1.0|Halloween 5 picks up at the climax of part 4, Michael Myers has been blasted down a mineshaft and stupidly (did we expect anything else, whats in the water in Haddonfield???) the townsfolk wander off thinking the've  seen the last of Mr Myers. Unbelievably Michael escapes into the river and  is rescued by an old tramp. This is where the stupidity begins, for a start  Michaels mask has changed in shape(sic) and style from the previous film,  the Myers house is now a sprawling mansion...god do I need to go on..oh yes  and now 5 films in we find out Michael is part of a satanic cult called  Thorn.<br />It seems the film makers didnt bother watching the previous  installments, which seems to be the only way to explain the resulting lack  of cohesion. This mess of a film is not only laughable but also an insult  to the filmgoers intelligence. Sadly the makers of Part 6 went on to slide  further down the slippery slope in what must surely the absolute nadir of  the series. Thank god Steve Miner and Jamie Lee Curtis returned to right  the wrong with Halloween:H20.
079213690X|5.0|This movie has everything from naked time to a man's head getting chopped clean off.  The best movie ever.
0783227434|5.0|More accessible than its two predecessors (Evil Dead 1 &amp; 2) with less gore, this, to me, is the perfect send-up of several genres at once.  Bruce Campbell is hilarious as the self-important, arrogant K-Mart type sales  clerk with a complete inability to remember important but short magical  spells...(and I just loved seeing the Necronomicon and hearing 'Klaatu  barada nikto!' in the same film)...I can't believe that anyone but a 12  year old with a gore fixation would dislike it!  The scene with Ash trying  to outwit his tiny mirror images is another high point...<br />If you are a  fan of Horror, Fantasy, and/or Science Fiction films and you have a sense  of humor, you must see it!
0446525537|4.0|This was a great book, I couldn't put it down.  It keeps you going and wondering what is going to happen next.  The characters are well written and dictated very well. It was a very moving book and made me cry.  I would  recommend this book to a friend.
0553214632|4.0|I'm just curious about those of you whose mouths are overflowing with druel in your overwhelming infatuation with Charles Darwin.  No one seemed to comment on Darwin's contention about a &quot;favored race&quot;.  After  all the 21st century world has been through over the issue of race, one  would think that intellectuals would comment more on this rarely  delved-into area of Darwin's work.
B000000OPU|5.0|As one drinks in the sounds, the lyrics explode as a testimony to our lives in different positions on the planet. A phenomenal experience--rich with deep blessings and angst. Sip the music like a fine wine; it will not  disappoint you.
B00000JGOH|5.0|One of the finest movies I've ever seen! I usually don't like seeing anything even remotely Shakespearean, but this movie was a blast. Gwyneth Paltrow was nothing short of magnificent. Joseph Fiennes was also very good  ( he should have been at least nominated ) I can't recommend this movie  enough. It's a winner!
0880389052|5.0|This book was great. I couldn't put it down, I would recommend it to anyone. It introduces the indescribely awesome ranger:Drizzt Do'Urden. The book takes you to the evil and mysterious city of Menzoberranzan where the  evil Drow Elves carry on their obsession for power and the evil spiderqueen  Lloth. You will love it.
B00000JZC4|5.0|These guys certainly hit a gold mine with this album.  The songs are great, especially my favorite &quot;Take A Picture&quot;...  a litle off their normal regiment, but definitely a step in the right direction. I've  always been a fan of Filter, but now even more so.  Great Work!
0800141601|1.0|Notes from the pre-production team of FIRST KNIGHT:<br />&quot;Re: The medieval and modern literary texts of the legend of King Arthur<br />&quot;Frank, thanks for sending me all these books about King  Arthur, but I really can't use them.  I'm too busy trying to cast Richard  gere, and I really can't be bothered to read them.  Besides, some of them  aren't even in, like, real English!  It's all old and stuff.<br />&quot;I've  got the script all done.  You'll really like it, I think.  I lifted it from  a cheesy romance novel I read once, but that's okay, I don't think  anyone'll notice.  It's a lot more interesting than these old timeless  literary texts.<br />&quot;P.S.: Who's this Thomas Malory guy, anyway?  I've  never seen him on the bestsellers list ... &quot;<br />sigh!
B000007VDT|5.0|I can't believe that this album exists on this site WITHOUT a review!  So I'll throw in my two cents and say just this - Urban Hymns is an elegant, richly textured album that everyone should own.  I have my copy (Japanese  pressing with extra tracks) and wouldn't trade it for anything, except  maybe another copy of the same disc.
0790729687|2.0|&quot;Oh, we're so Goth!  Oh, we're so tragic!  Love us!  hate us!  Fear us!&quot;<br />My summary in a nutshell of IwaV.  I had the misfortune of reading Anne Rice's novel before seeing this film, so I had an idea what  was coming.  Both Cruise and Pitt are horribly HORRIBLY miscast in their  respective roles.  Bandares is always a treat onscreen, and even *he* sucks  as a vampire (no pun intended).<br />Short, short version: not worth it.  Really.
B00000JGEO|4.0|This movie is so cool.  It has some of the best action I've ever seen in a movie (along with Die Hard) and it's so funny!  Jamie Lee Curtis is perfect.  I like Arnold, but this wasn't his best work.  But hey, he's  buff, he's got the cool accent, he can shoot a gun, who really cares,  right?  The highlight of the movie is the beautiful and talented Eliza  Dushku, only twelve years old in this movie (her character is 14, but she  was 12 when they filmed it).  One of the two flaws is that she didn't have  enough screen time.  Come on, 140 minutes, and you can only squeeze her  into three scenes??  The time is the other problem.  It dragged on a  little.  But other than that, it's a great movie.  See it!!!!!!!  4.5 stars
0790742780|4.0|This movie is certainly more symbolic, creative, and inventive than a lot of people give it credit for.  Give it a chance--you just might like it!
0425170349|1.0|It really is a shame.  A good author prints a couple of really good books and for whatever reason ends up regurgitating poor books with little plot but guaranteed to generate revenue at a phenomenal rate.  This book had  very little of substance in it.  The plot was weak and predictable and the  writing marginal.  With this book I will have to add Tom Clancy to the list  which includes Steven King and John Grisham of authors that generated a few  great books and now can't seem to write anything worth reading.<br />Truly a  shame
B000002LK1|5.0|Depeche Mode is the best band on earth!!! This cd is so great , and Dave Gahan`s voice is so good youll think you won`t survive if you keep listen. The songs on this cd are great!!! Especially Enjoy the silence and Halo.  These songs made me a Dm fan.
B00001QGPS|5.0|Method Man and Redman AKA the Blunt brothers finally release there long awaited album, which will definitly keep you satisfied. An instant Hip Hop classic. Every song gives you a different flavor that will keep you pushing  the repeat button. If you don't have the CD by now you slippin and need to  be fed to the sharks. This album will fo sho have you smelling what Funk  Doc and Tical are cooking. That's my word.
6303675212|4.0|This is a great holiday movie.  It is as good as the original
B000002LOE|5.0|This is R.E.M.'s second best album, close behind Automatic For The People. Every song is wonderful, and you don't want to skip any of them.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I love this movie. It is one of the only movies I can watch all over again. It's good to see a sci-fi movie with brains. The Kung-fu and special effcts are one of the best I have ever seen. I would recommend it to anyone....
B000002MG1|5.0|Simply put, this cd is the greatest album ever made. All R.E.M. cd's are wonderful, but this one is on a higher plane than all of those. Albums do not get better that this.
6304539487|5.0|Great plot, good animation and plenty of action and atmosphere. A top film. BUY IT!!
6305627401|5.0|I saw this movie three times in the theater - I LOVED it. I'm not too big on the TV shows, but the movie is GREAT.
B00000JCOV|5.0|i wrote other reveiws and they never show up its making me very mad so i am not going to swear so it shows up on the reviews but buy this cd its the best cd i got.
B000002AGY|5.0|The vinyl version of Jim Hall's &quot;Concierto&quot; was the first acoustic jazz album I ever purchased, back in 1975. What a way to start! After a year of listening to &quot;cross-over&quot; fusion, this album is  definitely what pulled me across!!I was fortunate enough to see Paul  Desmond perform with Dave Brubeck just a few years later on their 25th  Anniversary Tour, and I still consider this album's performance to be his  finest epitath. Sir Roland Hanna is amazing, as is the young Steve Gadd.  Several well-conceived solos by Chet Baker helped fuel his mid-'70's  comeback. Ron Carter was simply born to play with Jim Hall. If you don't  own this CD yet, you are in for a long overdue treat. Enjoy!!
0451163486|4.0|This book was given as a gift to my father. I had not heard of this author, but was totally impressed with this book. Ive read it about 3 times, and every time, I am amazed at how well Mr. Follett makes the reader  try to get into the mind of his characters. I felt myself rooting for Die  Nadel til the very end. Great read!
B00000K19E|5.0|One of the best movies i ever had the plesure to watch... really new effects, great sound, rich story. i really wish for a sequale.
B00000K19E|5.0|From the opening scene you know you're in for something special.  One viewing will not do this film justice.  Three viewings will dispell any thought of internal inconsistencies you think you saw.  What appears to be  a weak ending bears careful listening... a sequel has to be in the offing.  Special effects are awesome.  Fishburne steals the show.  Watch all the  goodies that come with the DVD.  The Matrix made me say all this.
0446525537|5.0|At first, I smiled at the boyhood memories of Landon and his friends.  Then, I cried as Landon became a man and showed his family and friends that &quot;love...is always ready...to endure whatever comes.&quot;
0767821629|4.0|Not an action movie as the trailers might suggest. More a cyber-mystery with a surpprise turn and an upbeat ending.  A quiet Matrix-like movie combined with Murder, She Wrote.  If you think there are internal  inconsistencies it probably means you were not paying close attention to  details and the theoretical construct, which you just have to accept.  A  new movie genre really. Seemingly predictable but not.  Don't watch the  trailers before the movie.  DVD extras are weak compared to others,  however.
B00000JPH6|5.0|Hands Down, the most ambitious example of puppetry on film, and one of the best animated films ever. Incredible. And (finally) available in widescreen! This is not to be missed! (Parents should note, however, that  although this is sometimes billed as a kid's movie, small children may find  the evil characters too frightening to enjoy the film...great for the 10  and over set, though - and for adults as well!)
B00000253N|5.0|I am amazed to read some of the reviews of this album. People have gone to incredible lengths to put this album down. The most common complaint is the grating voice...?? I am sorry but people who have not listened to folk  singers and who find their voice to be grating, annoying etc. should stick  to the Carpenters. Not everybody needs to have a trained, polished voice.  What about the sound of Jimi Hendrix playing the guitar ? Is it a very  sweet and mellow sound ? What about Woody Guthrie...? I find the whole  thing doubly funny since I used to find Dylan's voice grating as well - the  first album which I felt comfortable listening to is &quot;Blood On The  Tracks&quot;. Musically, this one has so much to offer. Listen to  &quot;Meet Me In the Morning&quot;, it's one of the best easy blues tracks  you'll ever get to hear. &quot;Idiot Wind&quot; is just too raw and  passionate - not for people who listen to this album to soothe their ears.  Stay away from this album if you want sugary stuff. You should listen to  this music if you like down-to-earth, honest and passionate communication  between the artist and the listener.
B00001OH7M|5.0|Bowie's previous album &quot;David Bowie&quot; (1967) was his last folk music album.  Bowie's next album &quot;The Man Who Sold The World&quot; (1971) was his first glam rock album.  Right in between the two was  &quot;Space Oddity&quot; (1969).  Bowie managed to get the best of both  worlds into this 10-song masterpiece.  &quot;Space Oddity,&quot; the title  track, was his first commercial success (much due to the fact that it tied  into the moon landing), and a nice yarn at that.  Not one of his greatest,  but it paved the way for songs like &quot;Changes.&quot;  &quot;Unwashed  And Somewhat Slightly Dazed&quot; is just about as close to glam as he gets  on this one, with about 3 minutes of guitar solo at the end.  &quot;(Don't  Sit Down)&quot; is the little insert which, like &quot;Her Majesty&quot;  from The Beatles' &quot;Abbey Road,&quot; seems almost as an afterthought.   However, unlike &quot;Her Majesty,&quot; this is quite good for all its 40  seconds.  It's main flaw is that it could ONLY exist at 40 seconds.  Any  more, and it wouldn't be as nice.  &quot;Letter To Hermione&quot; is his  bitter plea to his recently departed (left, not dead) girlfriend Hermione  Farthingale.  Not much of a song, but the end (&quot;He treats you  well&quot;/&quot;He brings you out in style&quot;...&quot;And when you kiss  it's something new&quot;/&quot;But did you ever call my name just by  mistake?&quot;) is good enough to make just about any girl come back (don't  you think she wishes she did, now?).  &quot;Cygnet Committee&quot; is the  grand gem of this album.  9 and a half minutes long, and great for every  second of it.  It weaves a talk good enough for a novel and the end brings  to mind every great plea of human history, from Patrick Henry to Martin  Luther King, Jr.  &quot;Janine&quot; is a nice little steel guitar  rockabilly number, which would probably go over with the Garth Brooks crowd  even today.  As a footnote, it's also one of those multi-decade  numbers...as song from the '60s, with a sound like the '70s, in a film  about the '80s, made in the '90s (&quot;Whatever&quot; (1998).  &quot;An  Occasional Dream&quot; is another about the failed dreams about his  relationship with Hermione...much better then &quot;Letter To  Hermione.&quot;  It's one that takes a while before you like it, though.   &quot;Wild Eyed Boy From Freecloud&quot; sounds like something from a  Disney movie in more ways then one.  But, the thing that strikes you most  about it is the grand sound, which sounds like a national philharmonic  orchestra.  The song is great too, another nice bit about freedom.   &quot;God Knows I'm Good&quot; is to his folk music days what  &quot;Unwashed And Somewhat Slightly Dazed&quot; was to his glam rock days.   Sounds so folky, it sounds like a leftover from the '60s.  But, if you  listen to the plot, it really does typify what folk music was all  about...plot...social commentary.  A nice simple story good enough for a  short story.  The title does a nice little twist at the end, good stuff.   &quot;Memory Of A Free Festival&quot; is one of his earliest hippie songs,  which were later perfected on &quot;Hunky Dory&quot; (1971).  With an end  refrain borrowed from &quot;Hey Jude&quot; and &quot;Give Peace A  Chance,&quot; this is the perfect song to end this album, sticking in your  mind and making you want to listen to the album all over again.  And,  believe me, if you're a real Bowie fan, you'll want to.  However, and there  is a however, if this is going to be your first Bowie album, your making a  big mistake.  Go over and pick up &quot;The Best Of David Bowie  1969/1974,&quot; then &quot;The Best Of David Bowie 1974/1979.&quot;  If  you like those, you'll LOVE this.<br />Best wishes, Marc-David Jacobs  (AgentMarcFBI@hotmail.com)
6302797586|5.0|This is a wonderful movie that allows not only people with Jewish heritage to get in touch with themselves, but confirms the fact that WWII and its Hitler should never ever happen to the world again.
6300216039|5.0|Generally faithful to Shakespeare's text, this video makes the story come alive for modern viewers, especially English students who have never seen the play performed.
0790729628|5.0|the music, the atmosphere, the dialog... amazing
B00000IIXH|5.0|This is one of Springsteen's best albums.  Period.  Its melodies and lyrics are far superior to most music out today.  Some music listeners think that Springsteen &quot;vanished&quot; during the 90s, but I disagree.   He produced two of his best albums during the 90s:  18 Tracks and The  Ghost of Tom Joad.  Springsteen is definitely one of the greatest rock  artists of all time.  I would put him up there with the Beatles, the  Stones, the Who, Steely Dan and REM.  Keep rocking, Bruce!
B000002NJS|1.0|Madonna has pulled up the sounds, beeps and bleeps from 80s techno and tries to pass it off as new.  Pet Shop Boys?  Communards?  Erasure?  Sounds like them but the thin voice is obviously pure Madonna with a shallow New  Age twist.
6305470448|5.0|I missed seeing this movie in the theatre and just had a chance to see it on a vidio. What I don't understand is how they could ignore Joseph Fieness' performance for the  Oscasr (or even the normination). He was just  as good as Paltrow (or even better.)
B00000BKDS|5.0|First of all what gives with the opening review?? Who decided that particular critic should have his piece of mindlessness on here???  Most &quot;critics&quot; I have read say Piece of Mind was their best.  Personally I love Number of the Beast. I also had to laugh at the Poison  fan..huh!? -Probably owns every Spice Girl CD. Anyway for those who don't  know good music and great metal and real talent need to be forced to bow in  humble admittance that Maiden is the best this world has or will ever see.  They beat out Sabbath, Zep, and Alternica. The first album is a classic  from a classic band that only got better and is back (thank God) to show  all those Poison girlies and Manson psychos what Metal really is!
0385495315|5.0|This is a great book and was a lot of fun to read. I highly recommend it to someone interested in the history of cryptography. The book serves to spark further interest in the subject and brings this often mathematically  inaccessible subject out with all the human drama which surrounds it.
6305064490|5.0|Feels good, looks good, is good
0684800713|5.0|I think the only way anyone could find &quot;serious flaw&quot; in this book is if the reader himself looked for things in the book that weren't there. I don't think it is necessary to compare characters in the book to  the bulls or homosexuals; this book was written simply about about people  of the &quot;lost generation&quot;, who were devestated by World War One.  Jake was not &quot;trying to assert his manhood&quot;, he was just a man  who fell in love with a woman who he loved too much to hate. I think that  this book, as were many of Hemingway's novels, was largely  autobiographical. A book of real people lost in a real world written by a  real person.  If you are a real person and not lost in superficiality as  Hemingway was lost in WWI, its imposible not to love this book.
B00000K19E|5.0|The movie was great.  Very good special effects.  Plot was a little sketchy and could have been explained easier
0679720200|4.0|I agree with the reviewer a few back who says that there is better existentialism to be found, and that the reading of Crime and Punishment is a bigger and more rewarding experience. But a part of Camus' appeal is his  simplicity and straight-forwardness, and the fact that he does not soak his  narrative in philosophy. They are philosophical stories, in a sense, but  the philosophy is left in the background, the subtext, only surfacing to  the forefront at key, carefully controlled moments. I admire Camus for his  restraint and aesthetic tactfulness. However, at the same time I'd like to  point out that I also think he's sometimes grossly overrated. Aesthetic  restraint and the ability to struture a story evenly are only worth so  much. Big-time Camus fans seem to enjoy knocking Sartre; but sometimes  flaws, personal idiosyncracies, and a certain sense of admittedly  pseudo-intellectual adventure can actually make a book more rewarding and  human. Camus' deliberate sterility of style is something I can respect, and  certainly something I find interesting, but it isn't necessarily the most  commendable literary trait in the world.
B000022TT4|5.0|Rattle &amp; Hum has captured something that most concert/music videos do not.  You experience the music, but also feel as though You know the guys by the film's end.  The cinematography is incredible, making great use of  black and white film to capture the haunting yet chilling image of The  Edge's  shadowy silhouette against the concert lights, which was made all  the more powerful by the Wizard of Oz appearace of color at the show's  climax at Tempe's Sun Devil Stadium.  <br />The most captivating moment of the  film was Sunday Bloody, which was prefaced by a somber Bono speaking about  the never ending struggle in Ireland, on the same day of a bombing where  people died.  Halfway through the song, he breaks into a powerful political  tirade and plea that not only gripes Your heart, but it also caught the  attention of the IRA, who were none too pleased...<br />Play this on a  surround sound system, strong sub-woofer, and enjoy the true artistry that  is missing in today's lifeless, mechanical &quot;music.&quot;
B00000IL1K|5.0|&quot;Eden&quot; is excellent!  I love Sara's new modern sound.  It's an awesome combination of classical, modern and some techno.  &quot;Deliver Me&quot; is magical and the final track &quot;The Last Words You Said&quot;  is eternal
B000002KKC|4.0|While the &quot;Rumours&quot; and &quot;Fleetwood Mac&quot; albums were straight-out rock, this album is more atmospheric. It gradually gets into your system and doesn't let go until the end. My main criticism is that  they don't really sound like a band on this album. Each songwriter seems to  be more &quot;in their own world&quot; than usual. However, the songs have  a very timeless quality to them-- you won't be thinking &quot;1979&quot;  when you hear this-- and the quality is very high as always. So, even  though this album is a little more &quot;out there&quot; then most, it's  still a standout from the greatest band ever that sounds fresh even today.
0141301155|5.0|If you love Roald Dahl and if you like adventure and you enjoy reading about odd things, you will love this book!!!  I loved his colorful discriptions.  I would strongly recommend this book to anyone who likes  whimsy and raw, straight-forward humor!
B000002KD5|5.0|This is the first Fleetwood Mac album to feature Stevie Nicks and Lindsey Buckingham. As a result, there is more freshness and less tension than on later album. They really sound like a band on this one! Lindsey's  &quot;Monday Morning&quot; and &quot;Blue Letter&quot; are catchy rock  songs with great harmonies. Stevie has 2 of her all-time best songs on this  album, &quot;Landslide&quot; and the unforgettable &quot;Rhiannon&quot;.  She used to go wild when she performed this live, you really have to see it  to believe it. And then there is the great Christine McVie who comes  through with a ton of awesome songs, including hits &quot;Say You Love  Me&quot; and &quot;Over My Head&quot;, as well as the fun, bluesy album  track &quot;Sugar Daddy&quot; which is one of my faves. &quot;World  Turning&quot; brings the whole band together with standout drumming from  Mr. Fleetwood. Overall, this album is so full of great stuff, it has to  rank as one of the Mac's all-time best albums.
0446525537|5.0|Once again, Nicholas Sparks provided a book that I had to finish in one sitting.  I eagerly anticipated his newest release, and I was not disappointed.  As with his other two books, &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot;  also evoked a rollar-coaster of emotions (especially the tears!).  This is  a very sweet and innocent &quot;coming of age&quot; story that I absolutely  loved and will recommend to others to read.  I can't wait for Sparks to  release his next book!
B0000025WQ|5.0|This album is full of unforgettable songs that sound good in any decade!!! Cyndi has never sounded better. If you just want to have fun then you NEED this album! It belongs on Amazon.com's &quot;Essential recordings&quot;  list!!!
B00001P4RI|2.0|I can forgive the somewhat cheesy lyrics, and I did find the musical accompaniment to be very good here.  What is unforgiveable is Brendan's voice.  It's just plain bad!  From the first track on, I almost felt  embarrassed for him for releasing such deplorable crooning.  And what's  worse, Brendan produced this mess himself!  Not to be entirely negative (I  did say the music was good), there is one track on which Brendan's voice  sounds like his old self and which is wonderfully arranged - Medusa.  Great  song. Sadly, one great track does not compensate for cash spent.  DCD fans,  take heed.  Keep the taps flowing and be well.
0790736314|5.0|Being a horror freak, I have seen a lot of horror movies.  This is the only movie I will not see alone or in the dark.  The first time I saw this movie, I could not sleep for days.  Linda Blair did an outstanding  performance, she scared the hell out of me.  This is an absolute must for  anyone who seriously wants to be scared, just don't watch it alone!
B00000J7RZ|5.0|it has an up beat the the older crowds tha arein there 20s-30s and states a true fact about the song pertaining to life in general
B00000K19E|5.0|The W. Brothers?  Who are they?  Now, I know!!  Their sci-fi movie is worthy to be placed in the same league as Dune, which prior to this movie was the best I've seen on the screen or anywhere! Although it's another  version of Disney's Tron, it goes much further into the possibilities of  what truth is actually about and who may be controlling your idea of it in  the not too distant future!  Fact is, our reality today is just about the  way it is in the movie except for the software mirage the movie poses - or  does it? It has me wondering!  I'm watching it at least 2 more times.   Something I don't do hardly anymore.
B000001ZSE|5.0|all jarre fans..u gotta have this..it contains all the hits and much more..although u already have all the albums, here's 2 reasons why u should get this one..all the tracks are digitally remastered in 24 bit..hence  absolute clarity..two, u don't have to pop all jarre's cds in your  player..just this one..reason enough?..for those of you who don't know jm  jarre..here's a good way to start..believe me..you'll love the music and  the man..jean-michel jarre is truly the godfather of new  age/electronica...cheers mates..this one stays in my changer
0393039765|5.0|I will not talk about Fight Club except to say that this book made my hair stand on end. Not because of the violence (I kind of liked that), but because of...oops I will not talk about Fight Club.
B000005J56|5.0|I give this CD 5 stars because it is great. But I am VERY disappointed because the music is not the same as the  stunning music on the movie soundtrack. Why did they choose to release these recordings instead?<br />The  SOUNDTRACK is MAGICAL, especially the solo pieces which were buried beneath  interviews. There are so many great songs in the movie that are missing on  this CD, and this version of Chan Chan is anemic compared to the movie. SEE  THE MOVIE! <br />I BEG the record company to release the soundtrack! I pledge  to buy 15 copies for friends! It is the MOST EXCITING, POWERFUL MUSIC I  have ever heard (this from a lover of rock, jazz, blues, western swing, and  classical, who has over 3000 CD's and albums). The music in the MOVIE  affected me so much I am teaching myself Spanish!
B00001PE4D|4.0|Cruel intentions is quite a good film to watch.What I liked most was how, very slowly, Sabastien changes his character and starts to be a nicer person.I think the film would have been better if he wouldn't have died.
B000003BD3|4.0|This is actually better visually than on CD. Seeing some of the legends of Rock together is nirvana. The Dirty Mac is a knockout - &quot;Yer Blues&quot; extends into a riff jam, while Who's operetta &quot;A Quick  One&quot; is a killer. Best is, surprisingly, &quot;Whole Lotta Yoko&quot;,  with classical violinist Ivry Gitlis accompanying Yoko on a an excursion  into primordial musical terrain replete with Yoko's 'in-labour' sound  effects. The effect, following &quot;Yer Blues&quot;, is  electrifying.<br />Taj Mahal, Marianne Faithful and Tull also perform  above  standard, but I felt the Stones themselves were a little loose, perhaps due  to the pressures of the moment. &quot;Salt of the Earth&quot; was an  appropriate sing-a-long conclusion.<br />John Lennon is deeply missed.
6305014140|5.0|ninja scroll is the anime. fans dream. hot one from the start till the end, I own it in vhs and now on dvd and I'm searching for other formats.
B000002KDI|4.0|Frankly, I'd fork out the asking price just for the great version of this song that's found here. Other excellent tracks as well, all delivered in the compelling Young voice - a triumph of honest emotion over technical  imperfection.
B00000099Y|5.0|This is my first Tool album, and I'm still trying to comprehend all that Keenan is throwing at me, but one thing I know now is that this is one finely crafted album. It is so far above almost everything else that I have  purchased in the past few years. The only CDs that I have that can compare  are the first Rage Against the Machine, my Metallica albums, and Led  Zepplin.  Stinkfist, Eulogy, H, Forty Six and Two, Hooker With a Penis,  Jimmy, Pushit, Aenima, and Third Eye are all fantastic songs, and the  frightening samples and intermissions between songs, especially Die Eier  Von Satan, just add to the atmosphere conveyed by the music. Well done,  Tool, my next two purchases will be Undertow and Opiate!
6303168507|5.0|I do not cry easily.  I will say, this movie was so intense and so horrifying, I cried so much I didn't even understand the story until I watched it a second time.    The black-and-white film at first put me off,  but watching it made me realize it was the only way this story could be  done.  This movie is an absolute must-see for anyone.  It's a painful,  chilling portayal of the Holocaust, but it is something that must be  remembered.
B000002LQD|4.0|Were it not for Lou's NEW YORK album, this album would get 5 stars.  I don't think its mere hyberbole to describe &quot;The Sword Of Damocles&quot; is one of the most powerful, emotive, heartbreaking songs  that has ever been recorded in the history of popular music.
B000003KCU|5.0|I saw this movie when i was young and ever since i could not get it outta my head. Its one of those movies that you HAVE TO OWN! I guess the reason for my attraction to it was the &quot;out there&quot; feel to it. You know  when your young, this movie made me feel like i could go do what the kids  in the movie did. Its just that good....GET IT!!!!
B0000027RL|5.0|great!!!!! this is my favorite album. this gives me energy.? pearl jam's best album good good pearl jam's the best energyful album eddie 's voice is best . best
B00000099Y|5.0|It is one of the greatest thing I've ever heard. This record is good from A to Z without any boring minute. Only KYUSS and John Garcia do the same sort of excellent music. Very good medication. Dr BELLIER Patrick
B00000JCB2|5.0|The lyrics are great and the beats are phat. It is kinda different than their first album, but it'll still blow you away.
0061002747|5.0|This is one of Agatha Christy's best! It's full of suspense and drama! I urge you to read it!
B00000K19E|5.0|There is nothing I can say about this movie, that hasn't already been said a thousand times in these reviews. This movie is simply one of the best I've ever seen, going straight on my otherwise very select list of movies  receiving a perfect 10 of 10 on the IMDB/Amazon scale. If you haven't seen  it yet, buy it and enjoy. If you have already seen it, buy it and enjoy the  movie all over again!
6303997198|4.0|Although most stayed away from the theaters(myself included) when the movie opened, presumably turned off by the idea of Clint Eastwood as a romantic lead,this movie truly deserves a second chance on video.   Adapted  from Robert James Whaller novel, the film is a moving look at true love  that comes too late. The characters are wonderfully acted by Oscar winners  Streep and Eastwood.  As usual Streep shines in her portrayal of  Franchesca. Making us feel her dispair in a situation she never thought she  would be in. But it is Eastwood who believably portrays Robert's anguish  after finding love and knowing that it just can't be. Eastwood also  directed.
6300267997|1.0|Caught this again on cable (I saw it originally in 1976). It has not aged well, unsurprisingly. Now it's a prime piece of cheesy 70's camp. This is not the movie to bring any fence-sitters over to La Streisand's camp; this  is easily her most unbearable performance.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is one of the great Moby CD's and like his other music he shouldn't be compared to The Chemical Brothers or anybody else..He is one of the origional. Enough about that the cd is great to get a party going or just  to listen to in the car I suggest you buy it.
0553565915|5.0|This is a book that everyone needs to read.  Betty shares her afterlife experience, and it's wonderful.  I've often wondered in the past why any of us are born, and have at times felt negatively about life.  Betty helps us  understand WHY we're here, and what is expected of us.  It would be a  tremendous comfort to anyone who has lost a loved one.
0783204914|5.0|Theres nothing like this movie EVER made. And an actor like Al Pacino is born once in milleniums.
006092988X|5.0|I have read maybe over three or four thousand books in my lifetime (I am thirteen now) and still none of them surpass A Tree Grows in Brooklyn.  I have read every single one of Smith's books and this one grabs my heart  each time I read it.  I read this first in third grade, again in sixth and  again in eighth.  I love reading the intracate descriptions and the  detailed aspect of poverty.  I take nothing for granted now because this  book has taught me that I CAN be worse off.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I hardly know where to begin.  Incredible acting, amazing wardrobes, unusual and ingenious use of dialogue (see Mr. Smith's first interview w/ Neo), mind-blowing effects, and, above all, directing reminiscent of  Kubrick and early-Lucas.  You may need to replace your VCR or DVD player  after getting this movie; you'll wear it out from watching this video so  much.  In short, FOLLOW THE WHITE RABBIT.
0062502174|5.0|This book foreces self introspeciton for those who are willing to see are hear the message that it teaches.  I wish I could read spanish and read it in it's native tounge.  The writing is simple, and the story is easy to  follow.  But it is captivating and gripping and leaves you with somting to  think about.  I is more that a little childrens story, it is the ability to  have faith.  But you must be open to the message, or you will not enjoy it.
6300214028|5.0|Some films have a reputation for being overpraised, and as a result - paradoxically -  they become underrated.   This is one such film.  Who cares that we now know communism failed in Russia?  REDS is not meant to be  a piece of Soviet apologism.  It is about two people who take part in  exciting and sweeping historical events.  I certainly disagree with the  politics of John Reed and Louise Bryant, but it doesn't matter. I envy the  romanticism of the times they lived in (even if the romanticism isn't  authentic), and that they were able to find, as one of the  &quot;witnesses&quot; says at the end of the movie, &quot;things worth  living and worth dying for.&quot;   The second half of the movie - where we  see the price that must be paid for taking part in history - provides good  dramatic balance to the more sentimental view of revolutionary politics we  see in the first half. The cinematography is outstanding and the love theme  by Stephen Sondheim is exquisite.  As it is a  film that should be seen on  the big screen, I'm hoping that REDS will be re-released for its 20th  anniversary in 2001.
6305558167|5.0|I remember this film as a kid and certain scenes giving me chills because they were so stunning. 20 years later, the same scenes with the same chills. Trust me, buy the DVD now.
6305627401|5.0|Warning:  if you're easily offended, not bright enough to catch subtle humor and social commentary amidst a barrage of profanity, or you haven't seen enough musicals to recognize a brilliant parody of one - you're not  going to like this film.  Otherwise, prepare to laugh yourself senseless.   Poking fun at the ludicrous social mores that make violence and sex  acceptable but the F-word taboo is just one way Trey Parker and Matt Stone  make you think in this film.  The music is brilliant, twisted and eerily  reminiscent of every musical you've ever seen, and you'll find yourself  humming long after you stop watching.  I HIGHLY recommend this film to  anyone who wants a great comedy.
B0000027F3|5.0|Fantastic CD.  Greatest writing Ive seen from Judas in a long time. Amazing.  All songs rocks, and makes you bang your head.  Simplicity and virtuosity at the same time.  Amazing...
0425170349|1.0|The only reason I bothered finishing Rainbow Six was that I was trapped on an international flight. The story concept is interesting, but horrendously and repetitively told--editors must be in short supply these days. Don't  bother with this one.
6300216268|3.0|I had been hearing about this movie for a while and was always told that it was one of the greatest love stories ever.  I'm sorry, but I just didn't see what all the hoopla is about.  I found the movie to be entertaining and  funny(although one scene in particular really should have just been left to  the imagination, I won't say which.  It'll give away too much).  Maybe I  expected too much?  Maybe I'm from the wrong generation (born in '76)?  I  just wouldn't call this movie a great love story.  Overall, it was OK.
B00000I924|5.0|I was feeling that down, the world is unbeautiful, meaningless, angst.  Taking a chance I bought the new CD, put it on, and was instantly transported. It reminds me every time where we ought to be.<br />The concert  the next day,, tears of joy all the way through.  I thought about going to  Vegas and London for the other shows.  I wish he'd toured more in the  states.<br />The best album of the decade.  One of the very best of all time.   As good as Mahavishnu.  Pure, uncluttered, positive, true Rock and Roll and  beautiful moving blues.  Only a few small moments that aren't intensely  delightful.<br />Thank you Jeff.
0316743003|5.0|I couldn't put this book down.  It is well written and so interesting that all other work got put on hold while I finished it.
B00001QGPR|3.0|Compare this album to legendary works like Diamond Dogs or Ziggy Stardust and you're bound to be disappointed.  On the other hand, compare it to the stuff that other 50+ year olds are putting out, and you'll find that this  stacks up well.  Hours is to Bowie what Division Bell was to Pink Floyd,  better than the Stones' Voodoo Lounge, but never up to what Mule Variations  was for Tom Waits, though &quot;Seven&quot; is excellent.
1573226521|2.0|On the level of, say, the works of Stephen King or John Grisham, &quot;The Beach&quot; is fairly interesting and even, for a debut, quite well-written and entertaining.  I'd rate this, for instance, slightly above &quot;Carrie.&quot;  But any of you Xers who are laboring under the silly  delusion that this novel comes anywhere CLOSE to literature...shame on you.   Garland shows the promise of some technical ability here (not unlike King,  Grisham et. al.), but this novel--whose very soul and structure are lifted  straight from the pages of past classics and mixed, inexplicably, with a  flood of pop-culture references--is utterly bereft of emotional and  intellectual originality.  Garland apparently spent the bulk of his  formative years (like so many of his generation) glued to the Mortal Kombat  screen.  Well, garbage in, garbage out, I suppose.  Garland at least should  have had the decency to pay homage to &quot;Lord of the Flies&quot; at some  point in the story, rather than pretend this was an original concept.   (Meanwhile, of course, he quotes Conrad in the preface, knowing that it  will only invite comparisons.  How pretentious can you get?)  The strengths  of the book are plot development and description; in all fairness, they  actually rival those of a more mature novelist.  The weaknesses?   Well...where to begin?  First, the dream sequences with Mr. Duck are so  poorly done, so stilted and ridiculous, that they utterly spoiled the  story.  For a lesson in hallucinatory imagery, try Johnson's &quot;Jesus'  Son.&quot;  (THAT, my young friends, is literature.)  Also, the characters  are all cardboard cutouts.  And the prose is virtually non-existent.  It  reads like the back of a picture postcard.  Bottom line:  He may just give  Grisham a run for his money.  But all you little Gen-X brats who utter  Garland's name in the same quivering breath as Conrad or Greene...put your  damn Game Boys down and actually READ a Greene novel for once.  I'd like to  slap the lot of you and send you back to Lit 101 class!  This time, for  God's sake, PAY ATTENTION!
6303023355|4.0|I,m not much for words so this shall be short. This Movie was outstandind! I served in the USMC and my father in the army in WWII. I had Realatives in the Vietnam War! This movie really Depicts what could have and probably did  go on in the war with no Supersilliouse I made it throught the whole movie  unscaved hero. Gene Hackman is true to heart and Danny Glover gives an  Excellent performance, you can see why they are actors. This movieis  gripping and I could see it over and over again!!<br />Cant Wait to own it!!  This movie stirs the soal and touches the heart of any who possess them!
B00000J7J4|5.0|I took a chance on this album on the strength of &quot;Smooth&quot; and the reviews of others who bought it before...I'm SO glad I did. Every song has something different to offer and appeals to the teenagers in our  household as well as me and my husband (baby-boomers).  It has a decidedly  latin fusion flavor which is very passionate and sexy.  Aside from &quot;Do  You Like The Way&quot; (Featuring Lauryn Hill &amp; CEE LO), which I think  is a little too &quot;cluttered&quot; with too many different sounds (but  which still has a soulful background melody), this is a winner from  biginning to end. CArlos and company deserve a Grammy for this one!
B0000047CW|5.0|After a hard days work. What puts your mind to rest? Levels the adrenaline output? Refreshes your mind? Recharges your whole system and puts you in a great mood? This is not the one and only CD where every note is superbly  composed, played with the greatest experience and a very well balanced  arrangement. But probably the one that describes easy listening best. And  it is a worthy experience to listen to this one closely as well.
078401213X|5.0|WOW! This one makes the top ten favorite of all time. A movie that was different from anything I have seen, highly recommended for anyone with an IQ above a 4th grader. I can see by some of the negative reviews that this  film was not understood by these people. Poor ignorant slobs.
B000001FFJ|5.0|I bought this album after seeing the movie &quot;Down By Law.&quot;  I can't believe this could be as well kept a secret as it is.  This is simply one of the finest pieces of music I've ever heard.  One surprise after  another, representing a lifetime of originality for most musicians.   &quot;Blind Love&quot; is almost physically painful to hear.
B000006I14|2.0|The music track of this version is made up of various romantic symphonies and overtures.  At first the effect seems quite pleasing.  Then you realize that no attempt has been made to match the mood of the visuals with the  music, so you end up with things like a light-hearted scherzo during the  first appearance of the vampire, or Dvorak's \\"New World\\" symphony over the  arrival of the vampire in Bremen.  The music track eventually becomes an  unbearable distraction and the only thing to do is to hit the mute button.
0783223161|5.0|My title may sound funny but it isn't. Alfred Hitchcock decided to use Hershy's choclate syrup for blood. Maybe that's why its in black and white. Any way this movie is a semi-horror classic. Hitchcock has an all star  cast, probably one of the scariest ways to die ever seen in the screens,  and excellent direction. This movie you think isn't scary but when you're  in the bathroom doing whatever and the shower curtain is closed... Then you  have felt the wrath of this semi-horror classic.
0131103628|5.0|This book is a great reference manual for the C Programmer.  Note that this book was never intended to be a &quot;Teach Yourself C&quot; book.  You can learn C from this book, but it's very hard.  Learn C, then buy this  book.  Oh, yeah... And those two imbeciles from San Francisco and  Australia...  How can Ritchie have no idea what he's talking about?  He is  the creator of C!
B00000J7RZ|2.0|After having listened to this cd and seen Lopez's videos, I would have to say her best work is the love duet with Marc Antony &quot;No Me Ames.&quot; I am an affecionado of Spanish music and find that Jennifer Lopez sings  beautifully in Spanish but her voice doesn't cut it in English.
B000002JKA|5.0|If I had to choose one album to listen to for the rest of my life, it would be this one---It's a masterpiece.
0880794968|5.0|The stunning recoloration of the original Ryder-Waite tarot creates a deck perfect for beginners and advanced tarologists alike. Highly reccomended.
B00000BKI4|5.0|This album grows and grows and grows and GROWS on you until you find yourself listening to it almost everyday. 'Deserters Songs' is hauntingly pained yet strangely uplifting. Its one of those rare cd's that cuts the  edge of musical inovation and crosses it. Able to take influences from  other eras and make them their own, Mercury Rev are too brilliant for  words.. They played live in New Zealand only a week or so ago and were OUT  OF THIS WORLD. They played EVERY song from 'deserters songs' and covered  bob dylans 'not dark yet'. They also played a couple of earlier mercury rev  tracks which were toned down a little bit to fit in with their new style.   BUY THIS CD!
B00001QGPR|4.0|After a first listen to 'Hours' I thought it was so clearly Bowie because it sort of captures everything he has done from the 70ties till now. Brilliant cover artwork! I know for sure that half of the fans will hate  this CD and half of the fans will love it right away; most of the better  CDs have that effect on ppl. My theory is that if a CD is a bestseller, it  can't amount to much because EVERYBODY likes it. I would recommend to give  it a listen and see to which 50 percent you belong...
B000003Z4C|5.0|In one short, but telling phrase &quot;I love this album&quot;. To me this would always be a part of any desert island disc list despite the fact that I own in excess of 250 albums (and growing expodentially) and have heard  countless others. <br />Let Love In is one of those rare perfect albums that  doesn't contain a single lacklustre track or even a beat out of place. It  also flows better than just about any other album that you'd care to  mention with each track (and their order on the album) complementing the  last and and leading perfectly into the next one, a rare thing indeed these  days with most albums, however good they might be, usually just a  collection of tracks thrown together in pretty much any order.<br />I can't  recommend this album highly enough, to me this is still far and away Nick  Cave's best work, and deserves a spot in just about anyones collection.  Despite owning this album for five or so years I still listen to it all the  time and have never once gotten sick of hearing it and that is probably  about the greatest compliment that I can pay it.<br />Although all of the  songs are great I'd have to say that the highlight of the album is  definitely 'Thirsty Dog' which is worth purchasing the album for in and of  itself it's such a fantastic song. <br />If you like your music with an edge  then buy this album, you won't regret it.
0553278355|5.0|A haunting masterpiece! An extraodinary delineation of a young woman's fragile psyche. A downward spiral from brilliance into suicidal psychosis. A feminine equivalent to J.D. Salinger's &quot;Catcher in the Rye.&quot;    Plath's &quot;Esther Greenwood&quot; outshines &quot;Holden Caulfield&quot;  in many ways. The most obvious is &quot;Esther's&quot; honesty, she almost  embraces and encourages her psychosis, instead of running away from the  harsh reality of life. I highly recommend this book, it marked a cataclysm  in my literary life. It surely will change any other young woman's life.    Especially if you already feel a kindred to her through her melancholy  poetry. In retrospect, one cannot help but wonder what other lyrical  masterpieces she would have produced if she had not ended her life at the  age of 30.
B000002ULO|5.0|This has to be my favorite McCartney album ,and I've listened to them all.  I think the songs are beautiful and the lyrics are very personal.  I especially love Somedays, Calico Skies, The Songs We Were Singing ,and  Beautiful Night. I'm sure you will find something to enjoy on this CD.  I  love it all.  Thanks again Paul for bringing the music to my life.
B00000K19E|5.0|I saw the movie when it came out but had no idea what effect it would have on me in the home. I've watched it at least 6 times in the past 7 days and I hit the &quot;play&quot; button at least once a day. I see new things  every viewing. The commentary track is fascinating but what really  surprised me is the music score-- no dialog , no sound effects,just the  orchestration which makes such an impact by itself, it really is an  education.
6303477259|3.0|I liked only 5 trax &quot;One of these days&quot; was cool.  &quot;Brain Damage&quot; amazing &quot;Shine On&quot;  &quot;Comfortably numb&quot; &quot;Another Brick in the Wall&quot; and the rest weren't that good in  sound quality
B00000ADG2|5.0|she really outdid herself with this wonderul album.her voice is strong and breathtaking. each song was incredible and full of emotion. my heart melted with each loving word sung about her son zion. i liked her when she was  with the fugees. amazed by her in sister act 2 and blown away by her with  this album.
B000000WHX|5.0|An unbelievable album. I've listened to it 1,000 times and I still love it. Way ahead of their time, massive consistently surprise and amaze.If you like this album, check out Tricky &amp; Everything but the Girl. Similar  vibes...
B000000LZV|5.0|Take this, put it alongside Husker Du's Zen Arcade and REM's Murmer and you have an essential guide to American music of the early 80's.
B0000214F2|5.0|THE MOVIE PATCH ADAMS HAS TOUCHED ME IN A WAY NO OTHER FILM HAS BEFORE! ROBIN PLAYS A REAL LIFE DOCTOR WHO PROOVES COMEDY CAN HELP PEOPLE WHO ARE IN NEED OF HEALING! YOU SEE I WAS BORN WITH CP AND HAVE IN HOSPITALS ON AND  OFF AND I NEVER SEEN SOMEONE WHO WOULD GO OUT OF THEIR WAY AS MUCH AS PATCH  DOES TO HELP OTHERS! THIS IS ONE FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY!TO THOSE OF YOU WHO  THINK THIS IS FAKE, IT IS NOT! I MET THE REAL PATCH AND HE IS JUST LIKE THE  MOVIE PORTRAID HIM TO BE!!!!
B000002UAU|5.0|Listening to this CD is like looking at breathtaking scenery.It just doesn't get better than this.Anyone who criticizes The Beatles music, never really listened to their music.This CD is pure art and it revolutionized  the Pop Music culture forever.
B00000JCB2|2.0|I think Limp Bizkit could be a much better band if they dropped the hip-hop angle.  It interferes with what could be good music.  The only reason I grudgingly gave this 2 stars is Wes Borland's cool guitar tone.  This album doesn't show us anything we haven't seen before.  Though Fred  Durst isn't necessarily a bad singer, his exaggerated hip-hop/urban persona  has got to go.  This band may be popular in the short term but do you  honestly think they can keep up this schtick 10 years from now?  Hopefully  this ugly wave of rap/metal will disappear, the sooner the better.
B00000ILDE|5.0|This is probably the BEST action/sci-fi film ever made. It has it all: Great creature design ( a la Giger ), great weapons ( the pulse rifle, smart guns, the drop ship ), kick-a$$ action, and, importantly, it was  humorous but never tongue-in-cheek ( the Marine banter always make me  laugh, especially Hicks ). This also is one of the most influentual sci-fi  films out there, ( excluding, of-course, STAR WARS ). Don't believe me?  Look at the SPACE MARINE board and video games, and read past HEAVY METAL  issues and look for &quot;Alien-esque&quot; storylines ( where a bunch of  people are out destroying aliens &amp; bugs with cool weaponry ). It also  &quot;spawned&quot; a pretty successful comic line by DARK HORSE, which did  ALIENS more justice the the next two movie sequal ( look for it if you can,  these were AMAZING graphic novels ).
B00000K501|5.0|Rammstein puts out one of the most powerful performances in this video. They release &quot;Wilder Wein&quot; which is a slow trippy song with great acoustical beat. The guitars are heavy, Till rocks, and the beat blows your  mind. BUY THIS VIDEO!!!
B0000042MY|5.0|I searched this music down after hearing in a study area ... I HAD to know what it was!  This music is amazing, and it turned my heart ... better than Braveheart ... if you knew me, that says A LOT.
9684164807|5.0|It's the story of a little boy from another planet who left his rose to discover the Universe. On his journey, he learns what Humanity is about and the value of Love and Frienship! Being far from his rose, he understood she  was the only thing which actually matter but it is something you can only  &quot;see&quot; with your heart!
0316926345|5.0|Contrary to what is stated by the previous reviewer, the characters in Brideshead Revisited redeem themselves by the end of the book. That is one of the most moving parts about it, to see how persons who have squandered their lives can turn things around and do good. If one reads the entire unabridged book to the end, it should be clear.
6305095566|1.0|After reading the good reviews of this flick I've seen on the internet, I decided to go and rent this one.  I don't know what the reviewers were thinking (they must have been on crack) because this movie sucked! The acting was cheap and the demons were not frightening at all!   For college-level work this was good, but its got competition out there  that it just can't compare to.  The romance of the main couple in this film  was just not believable to me -- I kept finding myself forgetting they were  boyfriend and girlfriend since it just didn't seem to fit.  The only fair  aspect of this film was the gore (rather low-budget, but still good) at the  end of the movie.  In conclusion, after watching this video, I wished I had  done something else with my time!
0684874350|2.0|I bought Angela's Ashes after hearing Frank McCourt read from it on the radio.  Over the radio, it was like the bedtime story you hoped would never end.  This is because McCourt is the consummate Irish story teller.  <br />Unfortunately, in print, the same story is bleak and largely devoid of  the magic Frank McCourt brings to it in the telling.  So, if you haven't  read Angela's Ashes yet, see if it is available on tape.  If so, buy it and  save yourself the unpleasantness of encountering this trying story without  Frank McCourt as your personal guide. It's like the difference between  canned asparagus and fresh.
B00000K19E|5.0|best thing about the DVD is the Making of the Matrix
B000003489|5.0|This is one of the essential recording in jazz-music, perhaps as influential as &quot;Kind of Blue&quot;. An outstanding work by briliant musicians leading by the genius of John Coltrane makes this recording an  absolute must-have for any jazz fan. I find especially captivating the tune  called &quot;Mr P.C.&quot;, a tribute to Paul Chambers (not to a personal  computer, as a lot of people think :-) Enjoy...
006017322X|1.0|This rating regards only the binding of the book. I prefer buying nice, hardcover books as I treasure them and like to keep them. This book has very poor binding, the edges of the pages are different sizes, and they appear zig-zagged. (This refers to the hardcover edition).
B000002UD7|5.0|ACTUALLY is by far one of the best records ever done in techno music(techno as in real techno). This album is full of surprises and great songs, you get to love all the songs in here,no matter what your  lovelife,religion,financial situation or sexuality is.there's something for  everyone, WHAT HAVE I DONE TO DESERVE THIS? A love story and the serch for  a reason why things went wrong, IT,S A SIN An energetic dance tune with  social and religious overtones,RENT maybe the best love song of the 80's  with lines like:YOU DRESS ME UP, I'M YOUR PUPPET,YOU BRING ME THINGS,I LOVE  IT, I LOVE YOU,YOU PAY MY RENT(later re-recorded by liza minnelli),overall  this record has a special place in any life-style.maybe cold and dark  sometimes but very tastefull. A MASTERPIECE BY FAR.
6305263248|3.0|John Frankenheimer is at his strongest when combining human endeavour with automated weight, as &quot;The Train&quot; and &quot;Grand Prix&quot; showed.  In Ronin he tries more of the same, but with patchy results.   Nothing wrong with the casting, or the fundamentals of the plot.  A  collection of strong actors strike sparks off each other as they establish  interrelationships prior to a big heist.  Shades of &quot;Reservior  Dogs&quot; perhaps, but here although the director adheres strictly to a  real chronology we soon become aware that we are as much in the dark as the  protagonists, and that treachery and double-dealing can only be just around  the corner.  DeNiro seems to be reprising his role in &quot;Heat&quot; and  Reno is as reliable as ever as the film gets into gear.  The first set  piece, a bungled exchange of cash for a cache of arms on the rain-slicked  banks of the Seine, sets the tempo and begins to expose the strengths and  weaknesses of the characters.  We are then quickly brought to the main  heist itself, a protracted and violent sequence which includes bravura car  stunts  done without digital effects, front or back projection and with  very little undercranking.  Cinema at its gripping, visceral best.  But as  the plot begins to twist and develop, Ronin seems to lose its edge and  quality.  Some questionable performances from Jonathan Pryce and others,  very uneven pacing and a rash of storyline quirks combine to stall the  movie just when one expected more.  Perhaps as a traditional three-act  structure this would not have happened, but such devices are no longer  fashionable.  Here, the director has mismanaged foreshadowing, undermined  believability and failed to develop the character arcs sufficiently.  A  second car chase is superficially spectacular but overlong and cliched,  borrowing heavily from &quot;To Live and Die in LA&quot;.  Worse is the  lamentable climax at an ice rink, of all places, and a lame coda for DeNiro  and Reno thatreally lets down the ending.  The DVD contains an alternative  ending which is slightly better.  Fans of the genre and the director will  admire Ronin, and it is a good film.  What a pity it did not aspire to be a  great one.
B00000J2KR|4.0|Just re-viewed this after many years. First, the DVD itself was disapointing - mine was part of the Kubrick Collection 6 DVD set.  All the other DVDs work well (though i hate the fact that some of them are full  screen - despite the fact that's supposedly what Kubrick wanted) - but this  DVD is doubled layered - and my DVD player has a lot of trouble reading the  disk - with screen pauses between each scene!<br />But the film itself was  very entertaining - yes it's long, but the cinematography is great - and I   noticed all sorts of trick Kubrick plays with the viewer -
0790729628|5.0|This was a film about awesome and stunning ambiance, mood setting, music and an array of special effects with a stellar cast ( not bad for '82); That's as far as it goes. On the flipside the plot is thin, the acting is  flat, and the action very subdued. This explains why half of filmgoers  liked it and half hated it; There is no happy medium. I personally enjoyed  all of the highlights mentioned above ! I remember first seeing this film  on video release a few years back during cold and rainy winter weather.  If you want to feel the moodiness of the film for all its atmospheric glory,  then watch it on a fall or winter day/night. Just don't watch it if you're  already in a foul or depressed mood. This movie is an excellent example if  someone wants to know or experience cinematic atmosphere or setting.
6300267997|2.0|This movie has not aged well at all.  I never felt comfortable with Barbra Streisand in this role.  After 20 years, its only worse.  She should have never tried to portray a rising rock star.  And that tight permed hair,  yikes!  Kristofferson would never have looked at her twice in real life.
B000000HTM|5.0|I remember a colleague in graduate school playing this album on his stereo system in '92.  I was 22 then and listening to bands like Yes, Genesis, ELP, etc.  When I heard Pawn Hearts, there was no turning back.  Soon, I  became a VDGG/Hammill fan.<br />The first track, Lemmings starts off fairly  innocent and tranquil, but soon one is jettisoned in a spine-chilling aural  experience as Peter Hamill exclaims: &quot;THE VOICE, AS ONE, AS NO ONE,  CAME TO ME!!&quot;<br />The second track, Mar-Erg, continues the intense  atmosphere.<br />The third track, A Plague of Lighthouse Keepers, takes you on  an eerie path of images that bring to mind &quot;Rime of the Ancient  Mariner&quot;, the Flying Dutchman, etc.  Especially noteworthy is the  Pictures/Lighthouse movement with its horrid sounds of ships crashing and  Hugh Banton's austere organ work.<br />At any rate, when it comes to Pawn  Hearts, I suppose you have to be one of those rare individuals that likes  to be spooked out by something disturbing yet intriguing and atmospheric  ... perhaps even beautiful in places (???).
B000006045|5.0|In &quot;The Matrix&quot; Neo was listening to &quot;Mezzanine&quot; in the headphones. Because i was blown away by &quot;The Matrix&quot; i bought the CD from Massive Attack. When i began listening to it, i felt like a  miner that just found the biggest diamond! Its an impressive, profound,  dark and suprising sound. It is worth the 5 stars.
B000002C1W|1.0|I bought this album and enjoyed it at first.  Then, unlike my previous experience with Floyd albums, my enthusiasm to listen again waned.  I found the lyrics to be unbearably dull.  EVERY song on the album has the same  rhyming scheme!  (AABB, I think it was) When you notice every song follows  this rhyming pattern, it becomes unbearable.  Couldn't Gilmour use some  imagination and mix things up a little?  I know Gilmour is a talented  musician, and with such an excellent supporting ensemble, like Tony Levin  (my favorite bassist), this should be a good record.  However, without  Waters' lyrical and eccentric abilities, it just falls flat after a few  listenings.
B000000WCV|5.0|This is the album that really got me interested in techno music. The tunes are fabolous, and there is no denying the dance potensial of the CD.
B000002MG1|4.0|This is an updated version of my original review from about 3 years ago, in which I described this as the best cd ever recorded.  Since then my musical tastes have greatly expanded, and I can no longer give this album that kind of praise.  However this remains an excellent recording, particularly in its emotional value - it's peaceful, relaxing, gentle and soulful.  It has the ability, that I find more and more rarely anymore, to break down the barriers of space and time between the artist and the listener.  <br />Most importantly, Automatic for the People has that quality that is almost completely gone from the world of mainstream rock:  It has a soul.
015626224X|4.0|...of the human condition. He paints the tramps he meets as neither heroes nor villains, but as individuals with the same qualities and faults as everyone else. This realistic, as opposed to idealized, approach radiates  freshness 75 years later. Down and Out is neither an anti-capitalist screed  nor an homage to socialism, but that rarest of objects, a true book.
B000002GF8|1.0|Although it is the most commercially successful of all the Police albums, it is their worst. None of the dark meanderings or social commentary on modern life as found on earlier albums is here. It is not a concept album  like Ghost.  What it is, is Pop mixed with forgettable songs that falls  flat. Get the first four, avoid this one.
0553108034|5.0|Besides Tolkien, this is as good as it gets
0920668372|5.0|I still get misty-eyed when reading this book and I've read it more times than I can count. This book is a treasure. I do not understand the negative comments about the book. Even my three-year-old son understands the metaphorical essence of the story. We laugh at the picture of the tiny  mother holding her grown son, but the message of enduring and unconditional  love is powerfully portrayed. My son likes it so much that as part of his  bedtime routine each night, I sing the book's verse. If that makes me sick,  perverse, weird, or bizzare, so be it! (No, I don't plan to crawl into his  own house and rock him when he's grown!)
B000002TP7|3.0|It's true. This release can't compete with an album like &quot;paul's boutique&quot; but still this is a very good album. &quot;sure shot&quot; hits straight the point and there are only few track you can actually  define as &quot;boring&quot;. Maybe this time the b-boys didn't managed to  innovate themselves... but their half work is still more than enough to dig  the grave to many &quot;complete&quot; releases from many other groups.
068484267X|5.0|I don't know what you 1-star or 2-star people are looking for...This was an absolutely cleansing experience of a read.  One minute I am weeping, with snot running down my face, the next I am cracking up.  It touches you  in ways you cannot imagine.  I am eagerly looking forward to the  movie--I'll go alone, so I can bawl all I want to.
B00001QEE9|5.0|I don't care what the average moviegoer or the AFI says, Disney's best movie isn't The Lion King or Snow White, it's this timeless gem.  It's great that it's coming out on DVD, which I'm getting even though I don't  have a DVD player (yet).
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|This movie is OUTSTANDING!  Saw it on the big screen and was blown away.  Couldn't wait for the movie to be on DVD.  Played the movie all weekend. Showed it to people who did not have a chance to see it in the theater and  they were blown away as well.  Outstanding cast members, music and fx.   Can't wait for PART II
B000002H72|5.0|This is an extraordinary album, the best thing to ever come out of the 80's, and I never heard it until 1997!<br />It's really staggering how many people have never heard of the Pixies.  Usually I like knowing about stuff  the hoi polloi doesn't know about....this is a major exception.  The Pixies  are wonderful and raise goosebumps the way Jimi Hendrix does.  An  Incredible band, and this is their best album
0380002930|5.0|You may wonder how a 490-page book solely about talking bunnies could be interesting.  Well I did too, until I read this book.  This astonishing action adventure thrill ride takes you up close with bunnies as they risk  there lives many times.  Fiver knows all, and with Hazel's leadership they  start the trek across the unknown (except for Fiver who knows) where they  plan to start a new warren.  The journey takes them through much discovery,  excitement, and danger.  All of these change their lives and help them grow  smarter and stronger, you might even call them super rabbits midway through  the book.  Then they have to overcome the mighty warren of Efrafa.  These  rabbits are super mighty rabbits in their abilities of strength,  organization, and take monarchy to a whole new level in terms of rabbits.   Of course, this is only one of the many obstacles in their ultimate goal of  finding a place for a warren and getting does to mate with to come to it.   Well, as you can see this wonderful journey of rabbits trying to make their  lives better is an exciting, exceptional, hard to put down book.  I highly  recommend it.
0446525537|5.0|As a native North Carolinian, I love to read books set in eastern NC.  Set in a small town just 45 miles from my home, &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot; is, without a doubt, my favorite Sparks novel, so far.  As in his other  novels, Sparks tells a love story so pure and beautiful that I want  everyone that I know and love to read it.  However, I sincerely hope that  if Sparks allows this book to made into a movie, it will really be filmed  in NC.  The setting of &quot;Message in a Bottle&quot; was such a  disappointment to those of us who love eastern NC and looked forward to  seeing our sandy beaches on the big screen.  The movie didn't even come  close!  Loved &quot;Walk&quot; and am recommending to all of my loved ones!
0380973634|5.0|I was mezmerized from the first page onward.  This is one amazing book.  The story is so detailed, it's as if you were there too.  The characters are both eerie and sad.
B00001PE4D|5.0|SMG proves she is going to be one of the biggest stars in Hollywood after this amasing performance, excellent movie, well thought out, something fresh
6305627347|5.0|Now, there are some of you out there who say &quot;Oh, it's so stupid, I hate South Park!!&quot;.  I am fortunately not one of them.....it was hilarious!!  MAN!!  It would be impossible to make a list of all the times  my friend and I  laughed during the movie....the only con I could think of  was for about 1.5 seconds you had to stare at Big Gay Al's schlong....but  other then that it ruled!!  If you love the show I seriously suggest buying  the movie....there are those of us who I wouldn't reccomend the movie for:  those under fifteen(unless you think that they're mature enough), those who  hate the show, and people who get offended by people who make fun of god.  It's nothing big, there's this french kid who hates god, he had a really  bad child hood(his mom tried to give herself an abortion with a coathanger  or something while she was pregnant with him) so you can't really blame  him, it was really funny though!!  So you should seriously buy the movie  cause it was hilarious!!  Buy it!! NOW!!!!!!!!
6304916558|3.0|TND is a fine Bond movie. I think it is much better in the first half, before it slips into just &quot;Die Hard&quot; action stuff. The movie works early because of the whole &quot;former lover&quot; strand that is  running through the plot. But that is dropped and he action begins and  there isn't that feeling of revenge by either Bond or Carver...wasting the  first half of the flick.<br />TND is a good Bond movie and a good action movie.  Balance between reality and total fiction is the line that good adventure  movies have to tow - good Bond movies blend these well. This one is  successful by doing this better in the first hour - not the second.
1563890410|4.0|i don't want to say that neil gaiman is overrated, but neil gaiman is overrated.  This book is good, yes, maybe even great, but it is by no means the most intelligent and mindexpanding thing you will ever read.  The way gaiman strings together his sandman universe is magnificent, but I felt  that this story had something lacking.  the use of religous icons from  other cultures was great, the interlude story about the boy in the boarding  house was cool.  As for Gaiman's theories about hell and its purpose,  that's just his opinion and it wasn't very insightful to me.  But this is a  good sandman book, as sandman books go, and if you are a gaiman or sandman  fan it won't kill you to pick this baby up.
B00000JCB2|1.0|You'll have to excuse me. Just before I listened to this i had been listening to something with TALENT (Powerslave by Iron Maiden and Demanufacture from Fear Factory). It was quite a shock to go from those two  albums which are actually GOOD to something as horrible as this. So i  listened to it the next day to give it another chance but alas no luck. As  a diehard metalhead who also loves classic rock, industrial, and hardcore i  consider myself pretty open ended when it comes to music. Heck i even have  a few CDs of Tchaikovsky but no matter how hard i tried, this CD did the  worst thing possible. Worse even then being crappy (which it is). This CD  was so damn boring I could barely stand it. I mean there is NOTHING AT ALL  on here thats even remotely interesting. I can't see just why some people  love this, its just so BLAH!
B00000163G|5.0|like i was saying this is the phatteset joint and everyone should have this in their tape deck cuz for one pac is the stuff two pac was and is the realist rapper of all time. from the early days of 2pacylesses now to  makaveli the seven day therory. you watched him grow from his first album  into what I call the best rapper of all time. if you don't have this cd you  need to have it cuz without it you ain't no tru rap fan so like i said go  get this cd ya heard me.......
1573226521|5.0|I picked this book up before a trip to Europe to read on the plane.  I couldnt put it down.  I cant remember the last time this happened with a book. I was dreading finishing the book because I couldnt imagine what I  might read next that would be as good.  Garland's writing is so smooth and  evokes so many images that I so easily identify with.  True the book does  have its faults: the characters are a bit shallow and the appearences of  duck were a little annoying, but none of this was significant to me in  light of the incredible fluidity of the story.  Loved it!
6303306519|4.0|A daring and unique allegory.  Love the anti-establishment message.  The &quot;coming-out&quot; party at the end is pretty disturbing and the film is exciting and clever.  This was Brian Yuzna's first film and it's still  his best.
6304362498|1.0|1984 is my favorite book of all time, but I would burn this tape if I didn't have to touch it to put it in a fire. This movie is an absolutely terrible adaptation of a great book.
0780626966|5.0|YOU HAVE TO GET THIS SERIES!!! As soon as I knew the &quot;A Nightmare On Elm Street Collection&quot; was available, I had to have it. These films are classic 80s horror. Freedy Kruger is a horror icon and legend. I love  all thes movies (even the bad ones). True they might not win any awards or  critical acclaim but they have entertained a generation of horror fans for  over a decade and continue to do so. It is horror at it's purist and most  entertaining, they are just so dam fun to watch. I'll admit I get more of a  laugh than a shock from these films. I'll also admit you have to have a  sick warped sence of humour to find it funny, but thats exactly what I have  and I'm proud of it!!! I have seen these films countless times and was so  excited to hear of their DVD release! I had to have them, and I don't even  have a DVD player yet!!! (hey I told you I was sick). My favourite of the  series would have to be the original, followed by Part 3: Dream Warriors,  then Part 4:Dream Child, Parts 5 and 6 are on even par for me 6 was better  but I love Alice (Lisa Wilcox) so 5 wins out, then Part 6: Freddies Dead,  Part 2:Freddies Revenge comes in last. Yes I know what your thinking  &quot;What about the new nightmare&quot; Well I liked that movie too  (although classic Freddy would have kicked the try hard 90s Freddy's ass) I  don't really consider it part of the Elm Street series but I also love  Nancy (Heather Langencamp) so if I had to rate it with the others it would  be somewhere between 5 and 6.
0425170349|4.0|Over the past 15 years, the political and scientific natures of our world have changed. Thus the crisises our nations now face have changed. Clancy does a commendable job describing the hypothetical situations which are  most likely frighteningly close to reality. Kudos, sir, we cannot wait for  your next book to be released.
B00002JV0I|5.0|This album is truly a masterpiece. Immortal has goneback to their heavy-metal roots. The songs are long and not complex as their previousalbums were. Different direction, not as fast as their older  albums, but stillunmistakable Immortal. I trulyrecommend this album.
0446525537|5.0|Nicholas Sparks has once again touched my heart and left me with the sense of how powerful love can be.  Each of us can only hope to be loved as Landon loved Jamie.  This is a book that stays with you long after you  close the cover.
0805062971|4.0|Forget the Ballard comparision,what I hear in this writer's voice is as if Nathaniel West was alive and well and living in Oregon..all through the book I kept thinking Miss Lonelyhearts, Day of the Locust,all the jarring,  rule breaking eliptical weirdness of the dialogue, the sinister clarity of  the novel's vision, and the trenchant social commentary on the anarchic  turn of the American dream..90s style..Tyler Durdin could be a West  character easy..the pic will be dark and Fincheresque, but the writer's sly  message probably lost in the visual style.. but its nice to see West's  chillingly comic shadow at the end of this dark century.
B000006O7C|5.0|Much is said on the the comparison between &quot;Grace&quot; and &quot;Sketches.&quot; They're both stunning. Grace, polished and perfected, stands as a tribute to his sheer mastery of vocal, guitar playing, and  song-writing ability. It's the work of a rare, modern virtuoso. Listening  to sketches, however, is like exposing your raw nerve endings to an  endlessly brutal and beautiful sonic assault. Morning theft and Vancouver  are two of the most beautiful pieces I've ever heard. Listen, and share  this music with people you care about.
B000002UB3|5.0|I think that Abbey Road really sums up the Beatles  careers. It has elements of both the psychadelic style that emerged in Revolver and Sgt. Pepper's, but it also has a style that is more reminiscent of the early  Beatles. It's like the early is the thesis, the middle is the antithesis,  and Abbey Road is the synthesis. It's the greatest Beatles' album out  there. John hits home with Come Together, and his less well known I Want  You (which grows on you), Paul's songs are not as great, but still good,  Maxwell's Silver Hammer and Oh Darling, George really shows his talent with  Here Comes the Sun and Something, and Ringo has Octopus' Garden, which is  just cool (nice guitar riffs). Although this is probably the best  collection of songs on a Beatles CD, the real gem of Abbey Road is the  medley, which is a group of songs strung together so well it sounds like  they're the same one. There are great recurring themes (You Never Give me  your Money, Carry that Weight), and some of the best guitar I've heard the  Beatles do (especially the duelling guitars in The End). And finally, Paul  ends it off after the big finale with a 20 sec. acoustic guitar, singing  Her Majesty, which just makes you smile. It is the greatest Beatles' album,  if not the greatest album ever.
B00000JCB2|1.0|I gave this album 1 star because I only think &quot;rearranged&quot; is worth listening to. The rest is all crap. They don't mix any rap in &quot;rearranged&quot; which is why I like it. This isn't metal.  If you  want metal, check out Fear Factory, or Meshuggah.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The Matrix is hands down the best movie to see this year.  The special effects are amazing and the story line is unmatched.  If you like movies that throw twists at you you will love this movie.  There are not enough  stars to give this one!!!
B000002NFM|4.0|I like this CD for two main reasons. &quot;Breathe&quot;and &quot;Firestarter.&quot; I'm always looking for a CD with heavy bass so I can beat the rap-fans when they play rap in their cars. When I crank up  Breathe or Firestarter you can hear me a mile away! Rap-fans watch out!
B00000JPH5|5.0|I saw this movie with my step-sister when it first came out.  Then I watched it every time it was on HBO.  Had my uncle tape it and wore that tape out.  I bought it recently and have fallen in love with it all over  again.  David Bowie is awsome as the goblin king.  Who else could make us  root for the villian?  I would recomend it for all ages.  It's a must see.
B0000057C5|4.0|I saw these guys at the family values tour last year, and wow what a show. If you're a pyromaniac like me, you'll love these guys! The recording quality on the CD is good too, the sound is nice and clear. The only flaw  obviously is the lyrics. Not everyone understands German and being  half-German myself I should be able to understand them, but I don't. But  other than that it's a great CD, and never miss a chance to see them live.  The show is incredible! You'll have to find out the incredible part by  yourselves... They should have had more of these guys at the show and not  someone that no one cares about, like &quot;Ice Cube.&quot;
0385486804|5.0|The story of Chris McCandless hit home for me, he reminded me of a close friend.  This book gets alot of criticism about how stupid this kid was, or that he had a death wish, or lazy or whatever.  I think he was lost and  trying to live his ideal life.  Think about your own life, haven't you ever  been lost or confused before?  Just not sure what to do or where to go, I  would encourage everyone to read this superbly written story and think  about your life, or the people close to you.  This is a very touching book.
0446525537|5.0|As always,Nicholas Sparks comes through to touch your soul and inner most feelings that you have about mankind.And again,he shows us there are always good people and sometimes angels there to bring into our lives,  perspective.
B00000JZC4|5.0|This cd is amazing. It has loud and angry songs and then soft and beautiful songs. Both types equally great. Although I've been listening to this cd everyday for the past couple weeks it is still not getting old. In  fact, it seems to get better with every listen. Right up there with NIN's  the Fragile (although completely different) as the best rock album of the  year.
0684867621|5.0|The first 100 pages are excellent and the last 120 are outstanding (and then some!).  A magnificent metaphor for the demons that each of us face.  A superb novel.
B000002KNI|5.0|The harmonies of Simon and Garfunkel are still the best I've ever heard, and to hear them singing live again, is really a treasure.  I watched the concert live when it aired on television, and you could see the love these  two share.  You can hear it in their music as well.  Art Garfunkle has the  voice of an angel, and when joined by Paul Simon, he only sounds better.
B000002B7M|5.0|This is the definitive metal classic, one of a handful of records that defined and shaped Heavy Metal and Hard Rock as we know it today.<br />Imagine what the Ozzy/Randy combine could have achieved but for the tragic demise  of Randy Rhoads.  Crazy Train, I Don't know, Suicide Solution... they are  all classics.  But songs like Mr Crowley and Revelation give this record  the variety and depth that any classic record must have.  We all know Ozzy  and what he can do, but this record showcases the amazing talents of the  great Rhoads.  The solo on Revelation along with his solo on Diary of a  Madman are the best ever committed to record!!<br />My only complaint about  this CD is the tinny production.  I mean all those awesome riffs and walls  of sound sound thin and reedy.  this is the best record with the worst  production that I have ever heard!!  Who knows who screwed up!!  I have  1950s recordings that have better sound and production values than this  album.  It's a pity cos with great production this record would have been  even more mindblowing!!
B00001QGPS|5.0|Has there ever been a better combo?  This album is definitely worth the money.  You all know how good it is, so I dont need to go on.  Just go grab it before your boy does.  I could've lived without some of the wack Eric  Sermon beats on here.  Next time they should only have a few guest  producers, like Rockwilder and RZA.  And what is LL Cool J doing on here?   Go do another shark movie.  He brought that song down a notch.  I still  give this cd 5 stars.  None of that stuff can put a blemish on this Red and  Meth collabo. Best album I've heard in a while. The bonus tracks are an  extra gift.. the duo didnt need to give you that much. now go buy it  already.
6300214184|4.0|If you like Fame or Footlose or Fast Forward then you'll love Flashdance.  It's a great sunday afternoon movie with all the corny twists of an 80's movie.  Definitely a chick flick.
6304467540|5.0|Where can I get a copy of &quot;The Godfather Saga&quot;. I rented it many years and remembered there were scenes that were not in the cinema releases.  Also, during the first week of Oct. 1999 they had the epic/saga  on TV and there were even MORE scenes that I haven't seen before. If anyone  can help me locate these tapes or if anyone knows where a COMPLETE set can  be found please let me know. Thank you.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I wouldn't say that this is his best, but it definitely won't disappoint.  Moby hasn't let me down yet, but when I heard about the heavy blues/gospel sampling on this CD, I didn't approach it with high hopes; however, the  sampling wasn't as extensive as I'd been led to believe, and Moby does a  good job shaping it into some utterly danceable tracks.  The softer pieces  are absolutely beautiful, as usual.  I can't wait for his next one!
B0000020C4|5.0|Hi, af1914@wayne.edu.  Actually, Amazon does have the CSR.  Click on the &quot;related recordings&quot; link above and you'll see it about halfway down the list.
6300215881|4.0|The theme for this movie could be one of the classic samurai stories.  Honor amoung thieves or something.  I really enjoyed this movie for its great cast--Brando, Malden, Katy Jurado, Slim Pickens, Ben Johnson and  others, the magnificent scenery of the Monterey Peninsula, and the revenge  factor.  Karl Malden is especially venal in his role as the amoral Dad  Longworth, and Brando in his interplay with Slim Pickens is great.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is probably one of the most clever, original, entertaining and well directed movies of the last decade.  All the FXs are appropriated and go hand in hand with the great plot. A must see. Absolutely.
B000006MS3|3.0|THE DREAMING lives up to its name: it is, without a doubt, Kate's most ambitious and phantasmagorical song-cycle to date. In addition to the ingeniously quirky musical layerings, the album features some of Kate's  most penetrating and brilliant lyrics. Here, her increasingly subtle,  sophisticated, and intuitive facility with ellipses, fractured syntax,  ambiguous points of view, and various other devices, breaks down  conventional narrative forms to effect the visionary, mind-expanding,  time-bursting style of Joyce, Woolf, and Borges. <br />Kate also must have  spent a lot of her time at the cinema when she wasn't messing about in the  studio since most of the songs and their peculiar themes seem inspired by  movies. <br />In THERE GOES A TENNER, Kate plays the Anna Karina role in  Godard's BAND OF OUTSIDERS. She and her existential bank-robbing compadres  get all of their attitudes second-hand from old Hollywood gangster flicks:  <br />&quot;Both my partners/ ACT like ACTORS:/ you are Bogart/ he is George  Raft/ that leaves Cagney and me/ (what about Edward G...?)&quot; <br />PULL  OUT THE PIN is APOCALYPSE NOW in reverse: a tale told through the keen,  sharp, serpentine eyes of a Viet Cong assassin who stealthily snakes his  way through the bush to plant a grenade where it counts and thus meet with  a final moment of truth. And indeed, this Charlie definitely knows how to  get his man -- given the quarry's alien naivete and the surreal  encroachment of postindustrial amenities upon the hostile primeval jungle:  <br />&quot;You learn to ride the Earth/ when you're living on your belly/ And  the enemy are city births/ Who need radar?/ We use scent./ They stink of  the west/ stink of sweat/ stink of cologne and baccy/ And their Yankee  Hash... <br />&quot;With my silver Buddha/ and my silver bullet...  <br />&quot;There's just one thing/ ...it's me or him.../ AND I LOVE LIFE/ so  I pull out the pin.&quot; <br />The title song, THE DREAMING, is clearly the  album'scenterpiece. This atavistic potlatch-***-danse-macabre appears a  musical version of WALKABOUT or THE LAST WAVE. The searchlights of a dented  van pierce the ancient night, near the motorway that cuts through the  desert outback where, to unwary drivers, &quot;many an Aborigine's mistaken  for a tree.&quot;  This may well be the closest Kate has come to a flat-out  political statement (punctuated by a truly epic screeching-tires-and-CRASH!  percussion effect). <br />And here we segue into NIGHT OF THE SWALLOW, which  has Kate stealing away on borrowed wings &quot;with a hired plane&quot; to  Malta...rising higher and higher on the ecstatic din of Irish fiddles  meshed with Uillean pipes. <br />The next one, ALL THE LOVE, begins with a  casually fatalistic quatrain worthy of Emily Dickinson: &quot;The first  time I died/ Was in the arms of good friends of mine./ They kiss me with  tears./ They hadn't been near me for years.&quot; Ahh...the exquisite ache of  loneliness and regret eternal. <br />The penultimate HOUDINI contains one of  Kate's most provocative conceits. After freshening up with a seance, the  escape artist extraordinaire prepares to immerse himself in the water tank  bound and chained. His ever-adoring assistant (oh, you'll never guess who)  gives him a good-luck open-mouthed kiss and passes him the secret key, with  his patient tongue &quot;teasing and receiving.&quot; The tantalizing  suggestion of the cover photograph pretty much completes the picture. <br />On  the earlier LEAVE IT OPEN, our heroine resolved to keep her mind exposed  and her ego in her gut...on GET OUT OF MY HOUSE she keeps the rest of her  body off limits with the help of a smarmy French concierge. This last one  may have come to her after a second viewing of ROSEMARY'S BABY.  And I must  say, Kate does this type of neurotic Victorian Gothic madwoman-in-the-attic  number a damn sight better than any of her whiny, mewling, insufferable  Lillith-Fairy progeny (I won't name names since we all know). Let's just  leave it at that...leave it OPEN.<br />  Come back, Kate!
B00000K2SC|5.0|The special effects in this movie were BRILLIANT! I loved how they added that extra oomph to otherwise dreary kung fu action. Keanu Reeves RULES!!
B00000637V|5.0|Many have tried to capture the vibe post-war/pre-unification Berlin put off. The glitter rock trio of Reed, Bowie, and Eno bottled the fog about as well as anyone in the '70. But Reed's &quot;Berlin&quot; is something like  Karl May's Wild West America. May was a 19th-century German author who  wrote Western novels without ever having set foot in America. He's still a  smashing success in German-speaking lands and the definitive source of  cowboys and indians imagery for Germans. Likewise, Reed probably never did  a full immersion into West Berlin, never learned German, never ventured  beyond the Ku'damm, never really went &quot;underground&quot; into the  infamous Kreuzberg 36/61 quartiers which he purports to document. Yet, he  decorated his basic New York motifs with Berlin symbols well enough to make  a believable &quot;documentary&quot; album. West Berlin in the '70's and  '80's was a bleak, desperate place. It had New York or London's  push-and-shove trendiness, Beirut's shatteredness, and East Germany's empty  heart. In Berlin cruelty was commonplace, but a loving, codependent, rarely  violent cruelty. Reed's &quot;Berlin&quot; hits that nail right on the  head. I might say no one truly &quot;gets&quot; Berlin, but not for lack or  effort or talent. The vibe was just too big.
B00004S8Q9|5.0|Thanks to everyone who wrote in about this CD...I had no idea it even existed...After three weeks of  listening...I would say BUY IT...At any  cost...If  you liked the first &quot;Badlands&quot;CD...you will really  like this one...Favorites are (in order) &quot;The River&quot;...&quot;Lord  Knows&quot; &amp; &quot;Healer&quot;...Blues based Rock at it's best...The  first break in &quot;Healer&quot; is the way the ALL rock music should be  played...and  when you consider the fact that this recording was   &quot;live to tape&quot;, what you hear is the intensity of a live  performance with studio quality sound..Thanks to all who found this  masterpiece...and to Atlantic for letting it out...
B000000OSG|5.0|4 words: &quot;You Could Be Mine.&quot;  The whole album rocks (as well as anything else they ever did), but for me, this is their best yet.
B00004S8Q9|5.0|Thanks to everyone who wrote in about this CD...I had no idea it even existed...After three weeks of  listening...I would say BUY IT...At any  cost...If  you liked the first &quot;Badlands&quot;CD...you will really  like this one...Favorites are (in order) &quot;The River&quot;...&quot;Lord  Knows&quot; &amp; &quot;Healer&quot;...Blues based Rock at it's best...The  first break in &quot;Healer&quot; is the way the ALL rock music should be  played...and  when you consider the fact that this recording was   &quot;live to tape&quot;, what you hear is the intensity of a live  performance with studio quality sound..Thanks to all who found this  masterpiece...and to Atlantic for letting it out...
0671578278|5.0|I just discovered Ms Bujold's work last month.  Having blazed through the books, A Civil Campaign provided a more than nice finish.  I was so pleased by the book that I refused to go to sleep last night until I finished - and though it was late this was no struggle.  A compelling romance, this book  lacks some of the elements that might draw others in.  I was overjoyed,  truly, by this book, but I imagine if I had been waiting for a year after  reading Komarr (instead of 5 min.)I might have been a little disappointed.   No swashbuckling, no space - no matter.  I found this book to occasionally  move me to tears and to outspoken delight - remember that? Remember when  you were 12 and so wrapped up in characters and plot that key moments would  elicit unbidden exclamations from your excited lips?  This book can make  you 12 again.  Take this with the caveat that not much actually happens -  it is the least eventful of the books.  Nonetheless, I found that I perhaps  enjoyed this more than any of the other books.  Indeed it was the perfect  end to my recent immersion in the Vorkosigan world.  I eagerly await the  next installment - and there are so many threads available for Ms. Bujold  to exploit and develop now.  I am sure she will capitalize on a few and  there will be action galore in the future!
B00000JRWF|5.0|This series of 3 1-hour tapes is very informative with the latest research information about all areas of aging, from the physical and mental aspects to the cellular and biological issues.  It documents great studies that  will result in monumental life-altering findings in the near future!
0385493800|1.0|If I had walked into a publishing house with this manuscript I would have been kicked out but because John Grisham's name is on it, it (unfortunately) got published.  This book was duller than a rusty butter knife.  NAte makes his first uninteresting foray to the jungles of Brazil  that takes him about 300 pages.  His second journey remarkably takes less  than 3 pages.  There was no suspense, no drama, no romance.  A few  anacondas and alligators thrown in here and there was apparently supposed  to keep readers on their toes.  Hardly.  The ending was so pointless that I  actually felt mad that I had wasted a few hours reading this.  So the heirs  only got 50 million instead of a billion.  Boo hoo hoo.  Am I supposed to  feel justice was served?  Their is no justice in this book, only injustice  at the waste of time and the fact that it cost too much.  Thnk goodness I  borrowed it from a friend who, if she was a friend, would have saved me  from reading this utterly horrible book.
B0000009TT|5.0|Buy it. You will be pleased you did. Enough said. Note the cows markings on the cover are in the shape of Italy. :)
6305127689|5.0|tom cruise and val kilmer put on one of the best performences. i could watch this movie again and again. its time to buzz the tower.
0780626966|4.0|This DVD Set is a must have for any Freddy fan...Regardless of what you think of some of the movies the collection wouldnt be complete without All of the Nightmare movies.  As a special bonus the Eigth disc can keep you  entertained for hours going through the Labyrinth.  The only disapointing  aspect I found was on the Final Nightmare disc there is a audio / video  delay most of the way through which distracts and ruins the quality..No  doubt as a result of the remixing..Despite this &quot;little&quot; fault a  Must Have...
0790729644|5.0|This western is a masterpiece! Symbolic of the good and evil that resides in all of us, this is a story of a ruthless gunslinger's inner struggle to do good. Obviously, this evil, calloused world won't let him, and we see a  raging dark side to this man that will make your head spin! On DVD it  becomes a magnificent collector's item.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Hey, if u like Blink 182, then u have to get this cd.  All the songs are cool, the best ones are All the small things, and What's my age again.
B000002BPS|5.0|I have this album along with Smash and Americana, but none of them compare with this one.  This album is tied with Smash as far as best albums ever made.  The Offspring really know how to rock and roll and I don't see them  ever stopping, at least I hope not.  Gone Away, I Choose, and All I Want  are by far the best songs on this album.  I can't get enough of this kickin  group.  Americana is okay, but this is the best they've made.  This is  definitely &quot;All I Want&quot; and I listen to it because &quot;I  Choose&quot; to.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed's second CD is awesome!  It easily lives up to the standards set by My Own Prison.  The highlights of this CD are &quot;Higher&quot;, &quot;What If&quot;, &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot;, &quot;Faceless  Man&quot; and &quot;Are You Ready&quot; but all of the songs are excellent.   This CD is a must for any music lover, just like their first one still is.
6302101743|3.0|i saw it when i was 11 I liked it Itwas interestin
B0000009OP|4.0|When I first heard about mark's death, it meant nothing to me.  I hardly knew the band.  Then I bought Cure for Pain.  I've already missed all the opportunities to hear this fantastic band live.  As a memorial, I am  spreading their music to all I know.
B00001QGPR|4.0|How does David Bowie live up to his previous genius?  He doesn't really.  While I used to believe that some people were what one calls &quot;genius&quot;, I now know that some people are capable of genius.   Bowie is one of those people.  Let's get this straight...  I'm a tremendous  Bowie fan - one of the biggest.  But I'm a fan because he has created works  which were brilliant.  When a new Bowie collection comes out, I'm there  ready to buy it... but I hold him to a pretty high standard.  This one  comes pretty close to being what I want in a Bowie CD, but unfortunately it  still misses the mark.  Of course, a less than perfect Bowie CD is still  better than most artists at their best.  Unfortunatly, David Bowie is still  coasting.  He's capable of being a tremendous poet, but he's still  apparently using the clip and paste method of writing lyrics he has  employed for several years. He can write and sing a wonderful melodic line  (even if his voice is not what it used to be) but he takes the easy way  out. For awhile now, he's also leaned on guitartist Reeves Gabriels the way  he used to lean on the late/great Mick Ronson.  Coasting and leaning, Bowie  delivers, but he doesn't give us all he's got.   I was very hopeful when I  saw the cover, in which a &quot;new&quot; Bowie holds a perhaps deceased  &quot;recent&quot; Bowie.  &quot;He's reinventing himself again.&quot;  I  thought.  But, he plays it safe for the most part.  This is the best  collection in a long time from David Bowie and it's highly recommended...  but I'd love to hear him give us all that he's capable of.
0780020685|2.0|Sure the special features are great, but to what possible end would someone release such a masterfully-shot film in &quot;standard&quot; aspect ratio. DVD was supposed to set us free from the tyranny of formatting!!!!   I say wait for a widescreen re-release.
B00001OH7M|5.0|If you dont' have this in your collection or, worse yet, if you aren't familiar with it...  buy it!  This collection is brilliant!  I can't say that it's his best, but if you could only have two Bowie albums, they  should be Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars and Space Oddity.  The  lyrics are pure poetry and this is Bowie as a &quot;folkie&quot;, which is  great!
B00000J6AG|5.0|This album shows the growth of an artist.  It is not, as mentioned in many other reviews, what you normally expect from Moby which is dance/house.  This will disappoint some fans but gain new ones. It shows a desire to try  new music art.  It succeeds to the greatest degree.  He also did a  fantastic ambient album as Voodoo Child.  No words just haunting melody.
B00001P4RI|4.0|For those who are familiar with Dead Can Dance, this is closest to Brendan's songs on INTO THE LABYRINTH and some of the work on TOWARDS THE WITHIN. It's not ground-breakingly new, it's not overwhelmingly powerful,  but, aside from wearing his Walker/Buckley/Cohen influences on his sleeve,  Perry makes some lovely music and stretches his range a bit. (at least it's  not the affected accents of DCD's SPIRITCHASER) This can seem immediately  accessible, but, there are wonderful dark and light undercurrents. I think  his eventual next release will be a bit more sure-footed...
B000002VBY|5.0|I feel that what kept Krokus in the limelight all these years was there extreme musical talent.  The vocalist alone was a underrated genius who should be placed right up with the best vocal masters of our time.  This  albums represents everything Krokus was, an impressive virtuosity of talent  that never ceased to amaze the world with their brilliant knowledge of  music.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I think that Creed's new cd will be remembered as one of the greatest American rock cd's of the decade. The quality of Creeds music has not gone down despite what some people may say. I have been very satisfied with this  cd and would reccomend it to anyone.
0812505085|5.0|A great adventure story. I never read this book when I was younger and I wish I had. Reading it as a adult, I still feel the suspense, mystery, and excitement that was promised by the cover notes. I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants to read a good adventure story.
6305531412|1.0|This is one of my favorite movies ever; there's not a moment that I don't believe that toons and humans are interacting...but this version is a censored version of the film.  They cut parts without the consent of the  director, and for this reason, I beg you not to buy this version.  Wait  until they correct the bowdlerization of this masterpiece
B00001QGPR|5.0|Each song has a brief history of his musicial style from Hunky Dory, Scary Monsters, and even the Falcon and the Snowman. The younger artists of today should relish the thought of putting out a record this good 30 years from  now. Mr. Bowie has a way of reaching his loyal fans, and new fans  over and  over again. Not his best ever , but a great effort. For me it would be  almost impossible to to top Scary Monsters anyways ! Thanks David !
0062502182|3.0|This a positive book, which shows us a Boy's journey, in finding his goal in life. This is a simple book, with simple truths...everything is around us, in this world we live in, its just a matter of looking in the right place. You can start by reading this book!
B000002NJS|4.0|First of all, I would like to say that this is one of Madonna's best albums. Songs like &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; and &quot;Sky Fits Heaven&quot; are great toe-tappers, while ballads like &quot;The Power Of Goodbye&quot;  and &quot;Frozen&quot; send chills down my spine. Now, to the person that  said that Madonna should stop acting like she's the first woman who's ever  had a baby, I found this to be very insensitive. What if YOU were as  talented as Madonna and you had a baby, wouldn't you like to share your joy  with the world through your music? That's what &quot;Little Star&quot; is,  pure joy. Once again, a great CD!
0899663036|5.0|A very somber yet at times cheerful look at life in Brooklyn. The story is told through the eyes of a young girl growing up in a very poor family. It tells of her life from grade school to adulthood. The family experiences  many tragedies along the way to eventual happiness. I got this book because  it was the most read book by GI's during WWII. I did not know what it was  about. It has great characters, stories and a upbeat ending. I would  recommend it to teenagers who want I look at life from a different  perspective.
B00000JPH6|3.0|I didn't buy this dvd to criticize it or take it apart. I bought it to own it and enjoy it---like most people. This is my absolute favorite movie. I looked forward to seeing all of the new features being released about this  movie. The special features were incredible---the work prints, the clips,  the trailers, character profiles,the deleted scenes----all of that was  pretty magical to me.  The problem that I had was with the overall quality  of the movie itself.  The sound was not top notch, and the movie was  entirely too dark----NOT the content(I love this movie!)I'm talking about  the color of the characters, backgrounds, etc...it seemed to have been  re-issued in a darker finish. The biggest disappointment, was that the  original soundtrack was not on the dvd as stated---there was an option to  choose it, called &quot;isolated music score&quot;, but when you choose it,  you just get sent back to the beginning of the dvd menu. The other problem  that really messed-up the whole movie----certain colors were changed. For  instance: the color of the crystal became purple instead of that murky wine  color. Next, when the crystal was healed, after the rock and crust fall  from the walls, the brilliant white crystalline walls of the castle are no  longer white---the dvd shows these walls in brown---they seemed faded; not  how they were portrayed in the original. Next, when the Urskeks ascend to  their higher realm, they meld together and are swept into this beautiful  funnel of white energy and carried through the triangular portal over the  crystal.In the dvd, however, someone changed the white color of the energy  into GREEN; a serious contrast---it was so obvious. That was terrible.  Lastly, the sound dips and waves in two places----immediately after Kira is  brought back to life by the Urskek...right after her head moves. And the  sound also fluctuates at the exact point where the Urskeks disappear  through the triangle portal...right when the end music hits its climax. The  reason why I know so many of the flaws is because I have the laserdisk that  was put out a couple of years ago, and I played them both at the same  time---mirrored---I flipped back and forth just to see if my assumptions  were right.. There were major differences. The quality was just not there  for it being a re-issue. By all means---if you like this movie, then buy  the dvd---it's great to have and watch. Just understand that the money that  you are paying for this is strictly for the special features and not for  the movie itself. I never criticize things just to criticize. I don't  believe in nit-picking every little detail. This is simply not the Dark  Crystal that I have grown to know and enjoy. I firmly believe that if  you're going to take the time to bring back something so popular and  special to so many people, why do it halfway? Do it right, and make it big.
B00000K19E|5.0|To set the record straight, There is a very deep plot to this film but you have to be above average intelligence to understand it to its full capacity
6305470464|5.0|It's the best of the best.  The spirit of independent films is not to make something provocative or trying to make it look like &quot;highly artistic&quot;; it's really about to tell a story as truthful as possible.  It doesn't have to be  realistic; we've had enough of that in real life.   I think that's the reason it  makes me go back to this film over and over; it tells the story with such truth-  fulness.  I love it.  It will always be one of my favorite films of all time.
B00000K3UU|1.0|I don't know what makes this movie funny to people.  Watching a kid drool, trip people up and pee against a wall is not my idea of humor.  It seems to be a mindless, shallow type of humor and those that would laugh at it would  probably feel that a person who accidently broke their leg would be good  for a laugh.
B000002UZ1|5.0|This CD should be purchased in conjunction with it's red counterpart (&quot;1962-1966&quot;) and, along with the red album it's a great introduction to the musical legacy of the Beatles.  Forget all the negative  reviews of this album (and other Beatles albums) on this website by those  so-called music fans.  The songs on this album reflect the studio years of  the Beatles - after the mop-top image had grown weary by mid-1966 the Fabs  decided to concentrate on studio work - and here we have some of the best  recorded work in the history of rock music.  How certain people can even  compare the Beatles and the Rolling Stones in the same sentence is beyond  me!  Sure, whilst the Beatles went through their creative peak (1967-69)  and this is thankfully represented by this compilation, bands like the  Rolling Stones were only scratching the surface.  There are more great  songs on this double CD produced over a three year period than some bands  are capable of making in thirty years!!!  This is a great compilation,  combining the Beatles' hit singles of this period with some of the more  well-known album tracks.  I know that EMI has come in for some criticism  for packaging these red and blue albums identically to the original 1973  vinyl releases (and therefore &quot;skimping&quot; on CD time) but the  important thing is the running order of the songs works really well so I  think EMI were right to faithfully replicate the original red and blue LPs.  So, stop reading this review and go buy this CD...NOW!
068483605X|5.0|This is the novel I have recommended to friends and students for years.  I've read it several times to my fifth grade classes and even shown the video for comparing and contrasting activities.  My students this year seem to lack listening skills, so I am playing the four hour audio dramatization  in bits.  This has the extra bonus of introducing kids to radio, as this  version was originally broadcast on PBS radio.  But of course, it's the  book that I keep coming back to.  What a wonderful allegory of human  societies.  If only homo sapiens were as honorable as Hazel and his warren.
0375707972|3.0|I found myself completely inebriated by this book. An astonishingly smooth read, considering the awkwardness of the subject, this story brings about an interesting controversy: forgiveness. I felt compassion and pity for Hanna... It felt like she was reaching out for our mercy, with her cold  eyes and bold manner... If you can read German, I would much recommend the  original version.
0380002930|5.0|The imagery was wonderful. The characters were involving. The words brought you right into the moment.
B000002TQV|5.0|This is my favorite CD. This is rock you can reach out and touch, rock with real feeling. As always, Radiohead is able to capture every ounce of my rage in the title track, while displaying beauty and mistique in  &quot;Black Star.&quot; After I got into The Bends, I bought Pink Floyd's  The Wall because I heard that Radiohead was greatly influenced by Floyd. I  think that the Bends is a modern the Wall, as they are both heartwrenching  and exciting, passionate and beautifully written.
0385312083|5.0|I greatly enjoyed this book, especially the time travel between past, present, and future.  This book was a little hard to follow, but had a great story line and characters.  I liked how the author expressed his opinions through the thoughts and words of Billy Pilgrim.  I found this  book so interesting that I've already started a new Vonnegut book, and  expect it to be just as good.
6305161976|5.0|There's nothing more beautiful than black and white on DVD.  This transfer is absolutely flawless, and does this great American classic justice.  It's like being in a theater again.  If you're a hollywood purist, get a DVD  player and throw in Casablanca.  The rich details, great performances, and  brilliant sound track will blow you away.
B00000JGOH|2.0|My wife generally likes &quot;chick flicks&quot; of this nature (i.e. well done an and not insulting). But the other big thing a &quot;chick flick&quot; needs is that it has to be both romantic and at least  moderately entertaining, this film has neither. THERE IS ABSOLOUTELY NO  CHEMISTRY BETWEEN THE LEAD ROLES! 7 awards?!?! Come on, good cinematography  and good acting don't make up for a completely empty plot. It was so boring  my wife apologized for the fact that I had to sit through it.
0812034430|5.0|This is the first book I've read by Hemingway and now I can understand why this auther is nearly legendary.  It was truely amazing in some subtle way that I can hardly define.  Since reading this book, I've decided to read as much Hemingway as I can get my hands on and I only hope that his other  works live up to this first taste I've had.  Granted, the plot is quite  basic, but the building tension between characters, and underlying pain of  Jake pulled me in.  I felt like I could relate to these people.  Hell, I  wanted to have a drink or two with them...
0767821629|3.0|I am a huge fan of Sci-Fi, but this was a little weak. The movie was beautifully done, and fairly well acted. But it was damn slow. Ther only good thing was the plot twist, in the middle of the movie, that I didn't  see coming.  But the ending was SO predictable a child could have seen it  coming.
B000002LA2|5.0|I don't care what the critics say, this is one of the most beautiful cd's I've ever heard.  Shame on you for putting Eric Clapton &quot;in a box&quot;.  He has developed and refined his music over the years and has  gotten BETTER with age.  This is, by far, one of his best.  Get it!
0446525537|4.0|I read and enjoyed the author's first two best sellers: \\"The Notebook\\" and \\"Message in a Bottle.\\"  Of the three, I rate \\"A Walk to Remember\\" in between. A tender story written in 1st person narrative, Landon Carter, a middle aged man, takes us back to the late 50s when he was 17 and how events during that particular time changed his life. Rich and popular, Landon's main concern is being cool and hanging out with the \\"right\\" crowd during his last years of high school. Then a bizarre twist of fate leads him to an unpredictable romance with one of his classmates, Jamie Sullivan, daughter of the local Baptist minister who delivers fire and brimstone sermons. Jamie is prim and proper but her simplicity and sweetness will tug at your heart as it eventually captures Landon's. Sparks portrayed his scenes and fleshed out his characters brilliantly. I was enjoying this unique story so much I almost hated to see it end. The narrator's concluding statement: \\"... knowing there's one thing I haven't told you: I now believe, by the way, that miracles can happen,\\" led me to wonder what actually happened between 1958 and present time.  But isn't that typical of most great novels?
0671578278|5.0|I did what another reviewer suggested and read the preview chapters and then bit off all my finger nails waiting for my copy to arrive, irate at myself for not paying for the express shipping!  Boy am I glad I got this book.  I am picky on what books I actually buy and there are few books I  will buy in hardcover if at all and this writer is one of those few.   Bujold can make me laugh and cry, sometimes at the same time.  This book  was full of laughs and a very fun read.  The only problem now is that I  have to wait a year to find out What Happens Next!<br />Lois McMaster Bujold,  if you ever read this you are AWESOME and please don't ever stop writing!   I love these messes Miles get into and the amazing ways he gets out!
1570427496|5.0|As I quickly picked up this latest of Nicholas's Sparks novels, A Walk to Remember, I wasn't certain it would live up to the quality of writing and stimulation of emotional heartstrings that his two previous novels had.  I  was quickly convinced, through laughter and tears, that Sparks had again  delivered a beautiful piece of literary art. I highly recommend this book,  but be warned, that only the most jaded of hearts will not render a tear.
B00000K2UX|5.0|Yes, I do believe this is the best rock-based soundtrack of all time. The movie was excellent, so is the soundtrack, and best of all they seem to fit so well together. I almost wish it was just the plain old original  soundtrack, though. Many might like the bonus tracks, but they just don't  fit with the original songs. Still, small complaint.
B00000IQBL|5.0|Greatest War movie of the 80's.  Sgt. Hartman was truly what a D.I. is supposed to be.
B000000OSG|5.0|I remember it as if it were yesterday.  I was in the 8th gradee, sitting behind Steve S, horrified at the t-shirt he was wearing.  It was the rape scene.  I asked him who Guns N Roses was and he said watch the headbangers  ball on Mtv.  Well up until then I listened to George Micheal, yuck.  So I  watched it from 11pm to 2am and just as I got Pi***d off cuz it wasn't on I  picked up my remote and was about to turn it off to go to bed and it came  on, sweet child o' mine.  I was hooked from that day on.  No more pop for  me, to this day I'm a true metal fan and I met my husband because of his  motley crue t he had on.  I'll never listen to that alternitive crap I here  now, expecially the &quot;new&quot; metallica.  So in conclusion, you'll  love this cd, exspecially &quot;get in the ring&quot;.
0385493800|4.0|The Testament The Testament is John Grisham's best work yet reflecting real growth as an artist.   Normally Grisham gives one a strong opening,  and a sustained story line, while occasionally disappointing at the end.  This time the end is as effective as the beginning.  The Testament is  somewhat of a departure.   The geographical change is modest, only a matter  of miles, but the milieu, Washington DC and rural Brazil is significantly  different.    Corporate lawyers collaborate with Missionaries instead of  good old boys and southern gentlemen jousting with the mob.  The result is  a believable story of redemption that still maintains the dramatic tension  one has come to expect from Grisham.  Grisham has accurately caught the  rhythms and charms of rural Brazil.  For some the journey through that land  may be on the slow side, for others, with direct experience, it has the  ring of reality.   The Missionary is a welcomed new hero, and if she is a  bit romanatized, it is within believable limits.  In the telling of her  story, one gains an appreciation for an uncommon form of commitment and  heroism.  A major part of Grisham success has been his ability to tap into  two fantasies common to American males.   One, getting a huge windfall  amount of money, and two, dropping out and starting over with that money.   The Testament is a variation on his standard themes but Grisham opts for  another milieu and in doing so, he successfully opens up the book to  previously unexplored themes.   For example, instead of cynicism  overwhelming the law, idealism spawns hope. Open engagement replaces  Grisham's traditional reliance on the witness protection program.    But  the reader should not worry about the newfound idealism; one is carried  along with the thrill of the chase and the tensions of a well-paced legal  drama.  It is just that this one ends with redemption not isolation.  The  Testament may still be a notch or two below classically great literature  but it manages to instruct while being thoroughly entertaining.  For most  of us, that is more than enough.
0767805712|5.0|This is a beautiful film that's as thought-provoking as it is entertaining.  There are plenty of surprises in it and the plot is chillingly plausible.  A true, underrated gem.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Andy and Larry have delivered a rocksock cyberpunk film that is a one of a kind rollercoaster ride. The effects were astounding and the storyline was very crafty. I was shocked to learn that these were the same brothers who  wrote the Stallone/Banderas flick ASSASSINS. <br />There are several more  things I would like to say to the viewer who felt really sorry for the  people who own a Macintosh:<br />1. I have one. 2. I have a program called  VIRTUAL PC which runs Windows 98 on the Macintosh. 3. I played THE MATRIX  on the computer using Windows 98 and was also able to access the PC  features. Might I add that they worked very well?<br />Still feeling sorry for  me?
630471288X|5.0|I love this film. Steven King has a true gift for drama that makes you wonder why he does horrors at all and narration was perfect.<br />Go to any extent to see this film.
0792842731|2.0|Although Pierce Brosnan rocks, the movie does nothing for him.  What happened to plots?  Acting?  Good dialogue?  I suppose it is all a thing of the past.  But in all fairness, I didn't epect &quot;Tomorrow. . .&quot; to  be the second &quot;Casblanca&quot;, they could of tried a bit harder.
6305014140|4.0|Ninja Scroll is an enjoyable romp through ancient Japan involving ninjas (naturally), demons and shoguns.  It features stylized animation, imaginative fight scenes, villains with character (rather than  Yet-Another-Generic-Bad-Guy) and a story that manages well enough.  It  holds up quite well compared to the average Hollywood  Big-Summer-FX-Blockbuster.<br />But it's not perfect, either.  Our heroes  don't really change all that much over the course of the film, nor do we  learn all that much about them.  The end result is a movie that's enjoyable  as an action flick, but not as satisfying as it could be.
0792842723|5.0|Okay, okay.  So what of I gave ot 5 stars because I LOVE Pierce Brosnan?  I can't help it if he's the cutest guy in all of show biz!  Anyway, this really id a ood movie.  The acting is good, there is plenty of action, and  I liked the characters.  This is a true Bond movie, following in the  footsteps of Thunderball.  watch it today!
6301735048|2.0|The acting is fine, but the story has all the excitement of paint drying.  Nothing in the plot makes much sense.  It has all the intelligence of a mindless action flick, but they forgot to include any action.
6304119046|2.0|Yes, this is a &quot;great&quot; movie.  No, it does not deserve the tile of best movie ever.  I guess Casablanca, 2001: A Space Odyssey, and The Godfather just don't crack up to all that.         W H A T E V E R  !!!!!!!!! Citizen Kane is monotonouse and boring.  by the end of the movie,  you don't even care what &quot;Rosebud&quot; means. I'll admit, there is great cinemetography, but it  seems forced.  like he knew he was breaking bounderies and was trying as  hard as he could (self-conciously) to make them better.  I am not an  ignorant, I love films and appreciate them all.  i'm totally open to new  types, but, yes,I must agree, Citizen Kane is grossly overrated.
B000002MTU|4.0|While Clapton's tone has changed for the worse (compare to the killer tone on the Beano album), his playing is a bit more sterile, and his vocal style has remained weak over the years, I still find him to be authentic and  passionate about blues.  The critics and blues purists hated this release.  I ususally have no tolerance for white  blues either, however Clapton is  loyal to the blues and approaches it with great reverence which I admire.  This is a very good set of classic blues cuts where EC does his best to pay  tribute to a few blues masters.  The fact is this was a lose/lose  proposition because blues ain't a popular form of music and blues fans are  never satisfied.  I for one am glad he did it.
B00000JPH4|5.0|I first saw the Dark Crystal about ten years ago and it knocked me off my feet.  After so long I have finaly found a copy and it has definately stood the test of time.  It is as powerful to me now as it was when I was eight.   An virtually unrivaled masterpiece!
B000001F2H|4.0|This is a classic release which contains peak career performances by all.  Recorded when these youngsters had lots of fire and talent.  Sure they sound young and out of place compared to the work of bluesmasters two and  three times their age but so what, somehow they pull it off.  As someone  else mentioned, the only thing that dosen't make this a FIVE star CD is  Mayall's lame contributions in 'What'd I Say' and 'It Ain't Right'.
0897500482|5.0|The Tao of Jeet Kune Do.<BR> Bruce's own words, explans thing very complicated and in many cases complex philosofical problems.<BR> Not only is it about the thinking in JKD, but about how Bruce wanted JKD to be for  him self.<BR> This is NOT a manual to JKD but a bunch of scrap notes and  thoughts from Bruce Lee. It is HIS JKD, and he just trys to point the way  for others to find there own way to JKD. The Tao of JKD is for the open  minded martial artist, for him/her that what to know the trouth.<BR> The  Tao of JKD is not the trouth, far from it, but it is a finger pointing in  the right direction.<BR> Do not just read this book, understand it! And  when you do you are far beonde this book.
068484267X|5.0|It has been quite a while since I've read such a fascinating memoir.  The life and times of the McCourt family on the lanes of Limerick are wrought with sorrow, yet somehow McCourt has the wherewithall to hold the reader entranced with subtle humor throughout.  The follow-up, 'Tis', picks up the  story in America, but fails to be as interesting as the first book.   Angela's Ashes is a &quot;must read&quot;.
B00000K19E|3.0|The basic story and the effects of &quot;Matrix&quot; are as good as Hollywood is capable of, but Keanu Reeves provides yet another dramatically bland performance.  Not as bad as his monotonous destruction of Speed, he  nevertheless serves to prevent a great idea from becoming a truly great  film.  Watch &quot;12 Monkees&quot; and the performances of Bruce Willis  and Brad Pitt, then compare to Reeves' pitiful work --- it's sad.  Even  Fishburn, who's capable of great depth and charisma, appears  one-dimensional and miscast.  Must be the result of lackluster direction.   The movie is worth seeing however, as the concept and the effects are  unique and highly watchable.
B0000039QA|5.0|It's a great album, but I don't get those people who say he copied Pac's style.  They just hatin on Biggie because of that whole coast vs coast thing, if it didn't happen, I bet everyone would be giving this album at  least 4 stars.  He's a great lyricist, and can change his style fairly  well, as shown on track 1 of disc 2, Notorious Thugs
B0000029LG|5.0|The History CD is just what I expected it to be...OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yet it is very much in this world.  For it shakes , moves , enlighten and wakes the soul to heights beyound the human  experience.  HE IS KING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0000039PW|5.0|B.I.G was in classic form on this CD, I love it.  He was great with the lyrics, and had a damn good flow.  He's on par with all the greatest rappers out there, like 2Pac, and even Eazy-E.
B000001ESN|5.0|I bought this album on cassette about 16 years ago and bought the CD about 4 years ago after nearly wearing out the cassette.  Let me stress that EVERY song on this album is great.  This album is an essential Rush album!   &quot;The Spirit of Radio&quot; is probably one of the most popular songs  on this  album,  but to me &quot;Natural Science&quot; is and always will  be a hidden masterpiece.  I have converted a few friends in the past into  Rush after playing &quot;Natural Science&quot;.  &quot;Jacob's Ladder&quot;  is also another song that I love.  Only Rush could make a song about a  thunderstorm so powerful and addictive.
B0000067X1|5.0|Basically this is THE album that every late 70s, 80s, and 90s college-rock, avante garde, and &quot;alternative&quot; band stole their ideas from. On this album, Can invents the music that would be stolen from  them by the Fall, U2, David Bowie, the Talking Heads, and a lot more bands  who get more credit than they should for doing what Can invented here.  Compositions, musicianship, (especially the drums) production techniques,  and attitude at least 20 years ahead of its time.  This stuff will still  sound exciting and strange in the year 2099 as it does now.  A real  must-have CD.
B00000JGOH|1.0|This movie is simply flat: its dialogue and story are trite with no originality, compounded with  mediocre performances by the leading actors and the director.  It tries to be funny but fails, it tries to be dramatic  (a la Romeo and Juliet) but is unconvincing, and we know that it is not a  historical depiction of shakespeare's life, then what is it that the movie  tries to portray, and try to be?<br /><br />Sometimes I got the impression that it  tried to be a spoof on Shakespeare and its time, but did not go further.  From every angle it is a flop, I mean artistically, because it made a lot  of maney, right?<br /><br />I agree with the reviewer of 10 October 1999 that it is  boring.  Also, I agree that for period movies one is better served with  \\"SENSE AND SENSIBILITIES\\"  and  \\"PRIDE AND PREJUDICE\\".  They have a very witty, engaging dialogue and a substantial story worthy to  spend the time.  For a more accessible Shakespeare movie I definitely  recommend \\"MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING\\", a really funny play and  skillfully adapted for the screen.<br /><br />For a 20 century equivalent of  Shakespeare's films, I recommend \\"MY FAIR LADY\\", based on the  greatest BERNARD SHAW's \\"PYGMALION\\".  It is really, really funny,  timeless and original.  It is the most sophisticated romantic comedy ever  put into the siverscreen.
B00000ILGB|5.0|This is Amon Duul II's masterpiece. Furiously molten guitar playing, weird and disturbing vocals, roaring chaos contrasted with fragile delicacy, naivete bouncing against cynicism, overlaid with a glitter of lysergic  glamour and undergirded with a humanity and heartfulness their American and  English counterparts could not muster.  Possibly the greatest psychedelic  rock band of all time; certainly the greatest psychedelic rock record of  all time.  I am not kidding.  On a par with Syd Barrett's Pink Floyd and  the post &quot;Priest Driven Ambulance&quot; Flaming Lips.
1558908374|5.0|I like this movie and my kids like the movie too. On DVD the sound is great and you feel as you would sit in-between the 101 dalmatians. Great movie !!!!
B00000I7GH|4.0|This is Amon Duul II's first album, and it's everything that the American psych/freakout bands promised but could not deliver. These guys are so lysergic that they make the Grateful Dead and the Jefferson Airplane, their  american contemporaries at the time (1969) sound like coffee drinking  office secretaries by comparison.  Furiously surging, ebbing and flowing,  the music combines elements of garage rock, avant-garde, psychedelia, and  just plain all-out weirdness.  The end effect is like being submerged in  the ocean of an alien planet.  All the lyrics are in German but it doesn't  matter; what matters is that you will be swept away.  This band should be  ranked far above most of their American psych contemporaries.  Truly  psychedelic music, not for the faint of heart, but spiral into the Duulian  atmosphere and you may never return.
0694013889|4.0|It taught my daughtr how to use the potty in 2 weeks
B000002MP2|5.0|A very loud and understanding cd. I think it explains a lot about life.The song She I think explains a lot of people.
B0000203Y5|5.0|Excelente documental sobre la musica criolla de Cuba, sus interpretes, el campo, sus vidas, sus suenos y el humor que caracteriza a estos queridos  viejos personajes de la Cuba de antano.El documental no solo es un deleite  visual pero un extra ordinario viaje musical por el campo cubano.La musica  tradicional de Cuba, como lo es el son, la guajira, y el bolero, son  acompanadas por un toque hipnotico de la guitarra &quot;slide&quot; de Ry  Cooder y del acompanamiento percusivo del tambor Udu de su hijo Joachim.  Las voces de Ibrahim Ferrer, Compay Segundo, y Eliades Ochoa, entre otros,  nos perfuma con el olor a cana, ron, y tabaco de una celebracion entre  viejos amigos.Excelente trabajo.
B000005IRG|2.0|Well, I tried this after hearing all of the critics rave.  Sorry, but I fail to see what all of the fuss is about.  This band desperately needed a better singer.  I just can't get past this guy's terrible voice.  Great  instruments, very lousy singing.  A bit too repetitive at times, too, as  with the much-too-long &quot;See No Evil.&quot;  Would've been a cool 2:30  minute song -- but it goes on waayyy too long.<br />Another critics' darling  bites the dust.
0451198670|4.0|This book was sensual and full of life. The imagery was wonderful and the emotions were gripping. The author did a wonderful job of using an orange to represent the mixing of the  sweetness inherent to innocense and the  wild abandon of summer, into a sensual foray for the senses. I highly  recommend this book to the brokenhearted, the women too wise for love, and  those of us who have just discovered, that the love life of a woman in the  90's, might have a pulse afterall.
B000002GQH|2.0|Such effusive praise here--for such a mediocre little record. What is Threshold compared to Days of Future Passed or the vastly underappreciated To Our Children's Children's Children? Uneven, disorganized, insignificant.  Justin Hayward wrote the cool songs, and &quot;Lovely To See You&quot; is  fun to listen to, but &quot;Send Me No Wine&quot;? Lame. The rest of it is  patchy at best. You're better off with a greatest hits record than this
B00000JPYQ|5.0|The track order on the CD case differs from the actual order on the CD (at least on the CD I received). The track order listed on the Amazon site is the actual order.<br />This is a great CD, and was an especially good album for UFO in that it had a much fuller sound than any of their previous albums. The fact that this is the third time I have purchased it says a lot.
B00000253N|5.0|The remarks immediately below are sheer contemptible blather... As is often the case with the sublime, commentary on this album rightly and ineluctably shades off into something helplessly dithyrambic.
B000002J7U|5.0|One just cannot put this music down.  It will haunt your mind all day.  I first heard it as a theme in the movie &quot;Runaway Train.&quot;  I didn't know where the music came from but I liked it. I accidentally came upon it  when I bought the album. I highly recommend it. Wonderful!!!
0790729377|5.0|What can you write about &quot;A Streetcar Named Desire&quot; that hasn't already been written about it in the past 48 years?  This is one of my absolute favorite films of all-time and the film that demonstrated to the  world just how wonderful an actress Vivien Leigh was.  Forget Scarlet  O'Hara.  Great as that characterization was, it pales in comparison to  Blanche Dubois, all Southern manners and gentility yet equally haunted,  tormented and painfully vulnerable.  In comes Marlin Brandon as one of the  most hateful and brutal characters ever to be immortalized on celluloid and  deliberately berates this obviously ill woman until he eventually destroys  her  Stanley Kowalski is, in my opinion, Tennessee William's  personification of inhumanity manifested, because you find it incredulous  that such a human being could ever exist without being ultimately ruined by  his own howling conscious.  Beautifully shot, acted and written, and so  atmospheric you expect to open your own front door and take in the French  Quarter in one big gasp of air.  Elia Kazan's best film, bar none and Alex  North's best score.  Karl Malden and Kim Hunter were equally stunning in  their respective portrayals of denigrated wife and unsophisticated momma's  boy.  Incidentally, also in my opinion, Mr. William's was the GREATEST  dramatist this country's ever known.  He understood the human psyche with  all its horror and darkness better than Eugene O'Neill.  Tennessee moved  the human spirit almost imperceptibly, unlike Eugene O'Neill who bludgeoned  your senses with an immovable sense of darkness.
0064440346|5.0|&quot;Owl at Home&quot; is one of the most entertaining and sensitive children's books I have seen in a long time. Owl is such a comfortable, cozy figure who is filled with wonder and owl-eyed fascination with his world. When Owl makes tear-drop tea, his behavior transcends silliness and  becomes almost tantric. This whole book is a treat!
6305499365|5.0|A very Funny movie with some great actors, especially the guy from MAD TV as Michael Bolton. The gangster scenes of the killing of the copy machine and the computer virus being put into the company they work for are  hilarious!!!
0201485672|5.0|Yeah, its a great book. As in Analysis Patterns and UML Distilled, Fowler has found an important yet neglected topic and covered it with good sense and a clear style. I look forward to his writings on extreme programming.
6305594252|5.0|A new kind of movie - make an effort to watch this movie.  The soundtrack is spectacular.
B00000K19E|5.0|If you haven't seen this movie, please run  - don't walk to get it.  Over the weekend, we watched it (too many to count) times!!!!! Couldn't get enough.  Special effects - THE BEST.
B000002OZY|5.0|I first listened to Tommy about 15 years ago and was not only blown away by the masterful mix of &quot;opera&quot; and rock, but also intrigued by the album's interest in both transcendentalism and sensory deprivation.  At  that time Tommy seemed to me to be a messianic character with the answer to  many spiritual questions.  (Well, give me a break--I was only 15.)  But the  last few tracks of the album puzzled me.  What kind of messiah places his  catatonic converts in the hands of a *** (Uncle Ernie)?  Over the next  few years, I came to see the ending as a rejection of organized religion, a  pitfall which even Tommy Walker is not invulnerable.  He is after all a bit  naive for all those years staring in the mirror.  The ending with his  re-emersion in whatever lies within only concludes the album on a strangely  quixotic note.  (But isn't this a prerequisite of a classic story-album;  i.e. Jesus Christ Superstar, The Wall, and so on.)  A few years later,  after a more comprehensive study of the era of the late 60's, it became  clear that Townsend was also commenting on the idealism of the peace and  love generation and predicting the commercial dissolution into which it  would eventually fall during the Me-generation.
630460291X|5.0|this is one of my altime favourite movies. it's got a bit of everything: action, cool stunts, great humour and - of course, romance. not to mention some great acting, especially from kevin costner, morgan freeman &amp; alan  rickman. costner does it his own way again &amp; it works everytime!
B00001QGPR|5.0|Look....this guy changes. A lot.  After every CD. In order to be a Bowie fan, I believe it takes a great measure of tolerance and a sense of musical adventure. He has done a wonderful job on this album of sounding sincere  (that's pretty rare for him), mature, and still adventurous.  I really find  this CD to be more enjoyable than Black Tie White Noise, Buddha, Outside,  or Earthling.  But that's just me!
B000002UC5|3.0|I used to think this album was mediocre at best but over the years it sounds better and better.  I would have rated it over 3 stars if it didn't contain so much filler material.  Nevertheless, this CD really has some  memorable songs on it and has a feel to it that, simply put, makes me feel  good.  Lennon's first solo album, Plastic Ono Band was by far the more  powerful collection. But how often can one find it enjoyable to hear  someone in primal scream therapy bare his soul?  I find myself listening to  McCartney far more often than Plastic Ono Band.
B000000OSG|3.0|This album was a disappointment compared to their debut Appetite for Destruction.  The music just doesn't have the same quality.  From here on out, GN'R went down hill.  Still, there are some good songs and it's worth  buying if you like this kind of rock.
B00000K19E|5.0|This will be the standard in the making of movies  in the coming Millennium - Excellent special Effects, Sounds , cinematography,Stunts and other mind-bending scenes.
B000000OQF|5.0|This song is the epitome of the best that came out of the 80's in hard rock.  They don't make music this good anymore.  Some of the lyrics are harsh, but EVERY song is excellent.  Mr. Brownstone and Sweet Child of Mine  are classics forever.  Appetite for Destruction really marked the end of an  era for this style of rock.
0792838084|5.0|Lynch's masterpiece. Among the best five films of the 90's. This film finds everyone involved firing on all cylinders, it will live on forever...
0451191153|5.0|The Fountainhead was Ayn Rand's first of two powerful fiction works.  The other being Atlas Shrugged.  She tells a story about a man who lived his life for the embetterment of himself and his ideals.  A great man.  This book is life changing, no question about that.  You will love every participle of her work or hate Ayn Rand's very existance.  I believe it will be the prior than the latter.
6304510861|5.0|This is easily one of the most underrated films of the 90's (right behind Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me). Challenging and engaging from beginning to beginning. Open your brain and let it's images seep in. It's  breathtaking...
0790733226|3.0|The omission of the central thematic development's climax in the novel, from the motion picture, especially in light of the directors flip overtures to media clip make-overs of Pres. Clinton, and in light of the widespread graphics awareness of the public from the computer generated Mandelbrot Sets to extraterrestrial suggestive Crop Circle and Pictograms viewed on televisions and the internet the world over is nothing other than the most bald faced and inconceivably maladroit screw-up literary portrayal has ever evidenced in film making.<br />You know, I can not believe how many people have chimed in on this movie!  Get out-a-here!  What's the deal, we collectively feel that this was the one cinematic experience that would quantify all our extraterrestrial hopes and desires, bring on the enlightenment, persevere the salvation and reification, merge technological incubus with spiritual soundness...etc...etc?  <br />Sing a poor song, and someone who speaks a different language than you will think you're a stereotyped religious bigot, then write a review flagging your title by immitation, then rage against their own construction of whom you are.  This movie reviewing cyber environ is all about the eternal battle for accurate emotional and contextual translation.  It would be an interesting statistic to know how many international designations relative to the US review movies here.  We who seldom travel know so little of the world.  Perhaps, it would seem, beyond us, it is a construction, a facade--like the US was in a bubble of Vonnegut dimensions, the Tralfalmadore equivelent of a supra-miserable shell of perception for miserable creatures, (\\"Slaughterhouse 5\\", Kurt Vonnegut.)<br />   Anyway...I'm partial to filburts, I, like nuts, am permiable and afford a certain neo-brashness akin to merging words and finding out what's in them.  The tragedy of cinematographic revealation is that it so poorly renders the complexity of decoded language from the author's heart and mind.  Movies are far removed extractions and substitutes from the authors intentions or frame of mind...you will fare better by reading the book, if you want any kind of porthole into the psyche of the originator of an authored work, and perhaps a better road map to where they were always nudging you.  Books think, movies are infomercial distillations impoverished of brain food and lingering intellectual problematics that drive the mind.  Movies are fluff, pretty fluff, exciting fluff, but they are as popcorn to the nutritional value of the intellect as the popcorn you eat while watching them.<br />And, Chicago...Math is Language...When will we learn?
630562285X|5.0|All I can say is that it is awesome.  I love the special effects and the characters moves.  Katherine Zeta-Jones looks better than ever and Sean is back to his usual self.  A must see!!!
0446525537|5.0|Everytime I read one of Nicholas Sparks' books, I am swept away in time to the places in his book. This time it was to North Carolina in the 50's. I read this book in one night. It was so powerful and spiritual I read it  again so that I could drink in every little part of the book. By the end of  the book, I wanted Landon to be my husband. It is truly one of the greatest  romantic stories of all times.
6301016289|4.0|Wall Street ROCKS!! watch it daily!!Fly me to the moon..
6301016289|5.0|It was the movie Chraley Sheen played the first and the last real role. Story is very interesting and viewers to follow. Fair camera work. Bad casting by the best director.
B00001QGPR|5.0|Bowie has created a reflective and compelling album combining the experimental and explosive music of his latest projects.(the fuel injected Earthling-1997, and the ominous Outside-1995) with the poetic and poised  lyric style of his earlier albums(particularly the classic Hunky  dorey-1970).Overall the theme of Hours...seems to be that of a man looking  back on his life with equal parts brilliant romance and haunting  bitterness.The finest cuts on the album are Thursdays'child, Seven, and The  pretty things are going to hell.Once again Bowie has created an instant  classic, an album that is a delicate masterpeice.
6304795254|5.0|can't wait to see Fight Club. Mr.Fincher is the best director
B00000JGHM|4.0|What can be said? Robert Deniro and Al Pacino with an outstanding supporting cast of Val Kilmer, Jon Voigt and Ashley Judd. This movie will grab you and pull you in. You will not realize that three hours slipped  away until it's over and you look at the clock. The downtown L.A. shootout  scene is the best shootout scene I have seen. The audio (in Dolby 5.1) and  camera shots bring an intense realism that will keep you on the edge of  your sofa. Jon Voigt may have given his best performance in Heat.
6305014140|5.0|Mmmm! It is too sadness, but I like the story
0805062971|4.0|Read it cover to cover one Sunday evening and went to bed with the strong desire to hurt myself and/or others. Of course, I could not get to sleep.
B000002UAF|1.0|this &quot;band&quot; if that's what you want to call these posers. are nothing,but a fadded teen idol POP group from back in the day. they were basically the back in the day version of n sync. they copied other bands to  make themselfs look good. do yourself a favor and DON'T buy this album  don't even accpect it even if it's free! the loser bug POP group is a waste  of time and they are SO BORING just like the boring no life baby boomers  defending them. this album has pointless tracks and they are ALL boring to  listen to. they WEREN'T the &quot;greatest&quot; or &quot;the best&quot;  they SUCKED! they WERE ALL STUDIO,they couldn't play *** live from what i  heard and NO i am NOT some loser baby boomer. skip this album.<br />IN FACT  SKIP THE BEATLES ALL TOGETHER!
B00001U03Q|2.0|just a disgraceful marketing ploy put together with very little thought.  Sure a couple of soundtrack inclusions make it a nice item for completists...but what about a couple of gems like unreleased tracks? I  have a bootleg &quot;UNplugged&quot; with a beautiful &quot;acoustic&quot;  version of My Fathers Eyes...and Circus left Town.  Too much Pilgrim..and  nothing from several of his WarnerBros bluesier efforts...like &quot;From  The Cradle&quot;...a botch job on more counts than I have room for...too  bad..Clapton IS the man...Warner Bros..should stick to cartoons.
0792833236|5.0|When you view Raging Bull in TRUE WIDESCREEN you see Scorsese's cameo in the final shot of the film when DeNiro performs his monologue in front of the mirror.<br />I own a copy of Raging Bull on VHS, but it isn't widescreen.  So, I bought a copy of it on DVD because MGM advertises that Raging Bull is  WIDESCREEN on the DVD case. <br />The widescreen on Raging Bull DVD is phony.  IT IS NOT THE WIDESCREEN version of the film. <br />MGM tries to TRICK you  into thinking you have widescreen Raging Bull by adding black bars to the  standard television format. <br />So, instead of gaining up to 50% more image  on the left and right of the screen, you actually LOSE a good percentage of  the image at both the top and bottom. This is not widescreen. <br />It is  false advertising done by MGM. <br />The True widescreen version of Raging  Bull shows  director Martin Scorsese. The DVD version of Raging Bull which  is supposed to be WIDESCREEN does not. <br />If you want to see for your self,  select a scene from Raging Bull &quot;widescreen&quot; and examine the  composition. Memorize the top, bottom, left and right of the screen.  <br />After you have done so, view the exact image on standard format. You  will notice the difference.  MGM has cropped off the top and bottom of the  picture in the widescreen format hoping to trick us into thinking with have  the real thing. <br />I am very disappointed with MGM and encourage you to  refrain from purchasing Raging Bull DVD until  a TRUE widescreen version is  released.
0788812815|5.0|I first saw this as an adult, when friends visited and their 3-year old wanted to watch &quot;the dogs!&quot; non-stop.  When they left, I went out and bought the movie for myself.  The animals each have distinct, very  doggy personalities (anyone who has owned any of the breed portrayed will  recognize their dog) and the story is charming.  &quot;Bella Notte&quot; is  lovely song, and now my 2-year old demands &quot;the dogs!&quot; on a  regular basis.  A delightful movie for everyone.
0790729989|2.0|That voice was just WAY too much a homage to Malkovich.<br />This movie was interesting enough, but besides the cute premise, there's not all that much here. I think that the three main characters (Freeman, Spacey, Pitt) were  misscast and the screenplay missed its own mark. All the dialog was 110%  predictable and the characters were too one-dimensional. Freeman did the  best job, but Pitt was just a bit too much &quot;12 Monkeys&quot;  twitchy.<br />Someone below mentioned this already: the titles were better  than the movie. Weird. The overall look of this movie is that it was put  together by a committee of people more worried about covering their a**es  then putting out art. Or even making a lot of money.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I love Moby and all of his albums. His newest release, &quot;play&quot; is a great alternative to all of those boy bands out there today and the beats are great! If I could give the album more stars then I would in a second.
6305252521|5.0|When I was a young adult on the search for my true self, religion and God; I found myself reading all kinds of books such as:  Demian, Sidarta, Brave New World, 1984, the works of Jean Paul Sartre and Simone de Bolvoir. The  world of Truman Burbank certainly took me back to those days. I used to  look at myself in the mirror and say out loud: &quot;I wonder if I am me? I  wonder if everybody thinks the same shade of red when I say red? Why was I  born? Why are my parents my parents? Why did God create the world? Will I  get punished by God for thinking all these things?&quot; This is a deep  movie, bound to become an art film. Jim Carey did such a superb job that it  earned him a Golden Globe Award. It made me think! What a suprise! Movies  do not make me think very often. They are predictable to me now. When the  lady comes on the bike with the basket, then the dog, and then the yellow  Volkswagen it reminded me of how repetitive life seems at times, when we  think that nothing is going to change and we want changes. The Director was  like God, the creator, although at times he was a mean guy, I think that  all of us have questioned God and have been angry at him. Truman's world  seemed so &quot;perfect&quot;, no messy hair, no trash. Just phony! Our  world seems much like that, everything is a matter of perception. The  audience that watched the Truman Show in the movie was a hedonistic  audience of consumers who wanted to be entertained no matter what the cost  to Truman, reminded me of the soaps, of the Paparazzi, of how we like to  know about the celebrities, and ultimatly of how the product could be the  death of someone such John Kennedy Jr., Princess Diana, or Truman Burbank.  Purchase the video and watch it many times and many other symbols will come  to mind. Like Jim Carey stated while he received the Golden Globe that he  would enjoy it down to the crunchy chewy part.
B00000K19E|5.0|I watched this movie over and over.  Excellent special effects, great characters, interesting story line.   BUY IT!
B000009ED0|5.0|This is an awesome cd! It totally gets your blood pumping and i can't get it out of my cd player. I just just can't listen to anything else.  It is the best mix of Rock and rap there is. Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit  Rock!!!!!!!!!!
B000002UAU|2.0|You really have to love the Beatles to enjoy this album. Otherwise it's boring as all get out. If this were your first introduction to them you'd probably wonder what all the fuss was about. What they were doing in Sgt.  Pepper required a whole lot of tolerance and good will which they earned by  being so fab for so long. Fan's gobbled Sgt Pepper up and quickly  pronounced that it must be great -- after all, it's the Beatles. Any  criticism would be seen as an indictment of their very fanhood. You didn't  dare question the Beatles in those days or you were deemed a cynic, or a  malcontent, or a fool. Thankfully, culture has come a long way. It's okay  to let out what many of us really felt all along: Sgt. Pepper stinks. The  songs are a hodge-podge scramble of goofy singing and overbaked  instrumentation. Did anyone ever dance to it? Not that I could tell. Did it  touch anyone's heart? Gimme a break. Was it fun to listen to? Hard to say,  since it felt so obligatory. If anyone seriously believes that Sgt. Pepper  is the best album of the century, then what was the best film...  Caddyshack?
B00000JZI9|5.0|An enjoyable, action-packed western.  From the opening scene when Glen foils the ambush to the grand finale, it rarely lets up.  The fact that each of the four main heroes has his own story-line further serves to hold  interest.  I could even overlook the unrealistic scenes (such as the  treasure retrieval from the bandit hideout, and the stampede shoot-out at  the ranch) and still be entertained.  Music score and cinematography was  excellent.  On DVD, I could hear the wind in the background, something I  didn't hear on the VHS version.  Classic line for the movie:  &quot;He's  hit everything he's aimed at, you idiot.&quot;  Must see for western fans.
B00001QGPR|1.0|This album is an awful lazy attempt to do something different just for the sake of change. It fails miserably. It is so overproduced and glossy that it almost sounds newage. This is a clear sign Bowie has finally succumbed  to the sad fact that he's old. He is no longer hip. He has joined the ranks  of Sting and his corporate whore status. To go from pioneer to lazy fad  hound searching for someone to help him revamp his image. However, Bowie  hasn't embarassed himself like Sting. Sting has tainted his image and music  so much that you are reluctant to put in his earlier stuff. Bowie just  fails. He doesn't taint his other music he just fizzles out and doesn't  move forward. Sting moves backwards. Eating up his respectability (i.e.  Puff Daddy). He was on to something with his efforts with Trent Reznor.  Although I can't stand Trent Reznor. Bowie has been leaning towards  electronic music for at least 10 years. Why he abandonned his progression  for this trash I cannot fathom. It is awful. He is trying so hard to do  something different. He even tries to sing different.  Some tracks are  pitiful grasps at Zigginess. Others sound like they belong on some soft  rock radio station. Bad Bad Bowie. He was one of the coolest icons in  music. I'm only glad I didn't pay for this drink coaster of a cd.  I might  sound like I`m being to harsh but with Bowie the expectations are  deservedly high and lowering them is not an option.  Bad Bad Bad Bowie. You  lazy lazy man.
630529142X|4.0|People either seem to love or hate this movie.  Sandler and Winkler gave decent performances.  I was entertained by this movie and I laughed a lot.
B000021Y7W|5.0|The best sound , the best performers, the best songs,the best live music video ever made.&quot;You may ask yourself ,what don't I own a copy&quot;
B00001QGPR|5.0|A reckless restless shapeshifter of a man: just when I think I'm done with my Bowie phase he seduces me in all over again.  Loved Outside &amp; Earthling &amp; was delighted when this one hit that same soul-nerve from  the opening note of the opening track.  He rules.
6305127689|5.0|Excellent movie with great action, just the right amount of romance, and thundering soundtrack! The DVD is a must-have for Top Gun lovers.
B00000064E|5.0|I wish I knew Nick Drake.  Nick's music is so gentle. The melodies are beautiful and the lyrics are deep and wise. I feel that he lets the listener see through into his soul. That is, to my beliefe, a brave thing  to do. I  learnt that  Nick is nicknamed &quot;the Van Gogh of music&quot;.   It's a shame we keep missing people by not listening to them when they are   alive.
0800132009|5.0|An excellent film, direction was the best I have ever witnessed and the music makes the film what it is.
B000002KCC|5.0|This recording, coming fast on the heels of the popularly received &quot;Harvest&quot; was initially rejected by the record company as too dark and unfinished. Sparse arrangements recorded in the middle of the  night, &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot; delivers some of Neil's greatest  pieces, with the raw emotion and haunting melodies lingering long after the  music has stopped. Nils Lofgran steps in to fill the empty shoes of Danny  Whitten on lead guiter and plays some fine, bluesy and understated solos,  while Neil spends much of the recording on the piano. The band is tight and  echoes the sense of loss that produced these songs, with the emotional peak  coming on the gently swaying &quot;Albequerque&quot;, where Neil cuts lose  on the most heart-wrenching and beautiful harmonica solo ever recorded,  with Ben Keith's peddle steel right there behind him, cutting through the  lonesmome prairie night. &quot;Borrowed Tune&quot; is Neil alone on piano  and harmonica, battered but never beaten, crying out for a kinder hand of  fate. There is never an off moment in this recording; this is emphatically  not the kind of CD one puts on for background music. It is one of the  greatest artists of the twentieth century at his emotional apogee,  producing a rock and roll epitaph for two lost friends, and a snapshot for  the rest of us of what music coould and should be before TV stole the show.  &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot; is an old friend that I am damn glad is on  the shelf when storms come knocking at the door, as one man's perseverence  and passionate soldiering on in the face of life's cruel twists can lend  strength to the rest of us.
B00001W9G0|5.0|This film is generally thought of as being a love story about two opposites - a left-wing Jewish girl and a WASP golden boy to whom &quot;everything comes to easily.&quot;  But it really can take credit for  a resurgence of interest in the communist witch hunts of the McCarthy era.   It preceded other films on the topic, like &quot;The Front,&quot; by  several years, and uses the era as something that impacts the actions of  the characters.<br />Novelist/Playwrite/Screenwriter Arthur Laurents shows the  struggle of two people to ultimately maintain their personal and  professional principles in a world that doesn't have much of either -  Hollywood.<br />I think this film has earned an unfair reputation as the  ultimate &quot;Chick Flick.&quot;  It's actually a great script in the care  of a top notch director (Sydney Pollack) wonderfully acted by two of the  biggest stars in the world.
B00000JCB2|1.0|This, in comparison with bands like Korn, is utter trash.  Let's compare this band with Korn and Nine Inch Nails.  Both Korn and Nine Inch Nails, while not being pioneers in the genre, both pushed the genre ahead.  Both  turn what, outwardly, sounds like noise into rhythmic and beautiful music.   Both have great songwriting skills, thier lyrics are clever and well  written.  Both seem to take their profession very seriously and are very  emotionally attached to their music. Then, there is this.  This is just  poorly written, and performed, music.  Fred Durst seems to not take his  music seriously at all, and it shows in his not so clever lyric writing  skills. The songs are unbalanced and uneven.  This is a sixteen track  monstrosity, that does not deserve a place on the shelf, let alone high  sales.  This is the music, along with Kid Rock, that represent the loss of  music as an art medium.  I am extremely saddened at the state of music  today.
6305165912|5.0|Only the chosen ones will grasp the true greatness of this film. The rest of you can watch &quot;Home Improvement&quot; reruns.
0446310786|5.0|My class read this book in fifth grade... I'm now in ninth.  When I first saw the thickness of the book, I thought it would be boring, but it ended up becoming one of my absolute favorite books.  I would recommend this to  anyone!
B000002WYT|5.0|Dave Mathews band is the most poetic band that also has great music. This album illistrates this.  I love the songs,Two Step, #41, Let You Down, and Proudest Monkey.  It's ultimately spiritual without intending to be. Make  more CDs and tour alot.
B000002HK4|5.0|Being a long standing Kansas fan, I have longed for their kind of epic music in the 90's. Enter Dream Theater. The title track clocking in at over 20mins is both ambitious, and wonderful. &quot;Change of Seasons&quot; is  like any good piece of art, you don't realize the length until you read the  CD cover. And then you still want more!! Not only can they connect with  original tunes, they can cover the likes of Elton John, and Deep Purple,  and not skip a beat.
B000002UDG|4.0|This is a pretty darn good selection of Paul McCartney's post-Beatles music - there are a couple of songs that I wish were on it that aren't (i.e. &quot;Maybe I'm Amazed&quot;) - but the ones that ARE on here are  really good.  I still here at least 5 of these on the radio (Band on the  Run, Let 'em In, Uncle Albert, etc.) often - this CD is a pretty good pick  for the best Paul McCartney's solo work.
B000002J09|5.0|Well, of course, there's the immortal Stairway.  But look past that and there are 7 other kick *** songs by one of the best bands ever.  Black Dog, going back and forth between calm and crazy, Rock and Roll, which is just  that, and When The Levee breaks, one hell of a powerful blues song.   Zeppelin can do it all.  This album proves it.
0783229526|5.0|A werry cool movie... I liked Johhny Depps way to do with his hands when he is high. That`s cool! Have a nice day!
0486284735|5.0|As a fan of other types of literature (Stephen King and Steinbeck, for instance) I can't begin to express the way I devoured this book!  Not only did I find the character development incredible, but I also enjoyed how  Austen brought in other themes such as extreme embarrassment caused by  relatives (haven't we ALL been there...)the ability to laugh at oneself,  the empathy for a family member that has been wronged and regret of a  decision.  I liked this book so much that I went out and rented the A&amp;E  production and liked that so much I bought it. This is one story I will  revisit again and again!
B00000JCB2|5.0|This album is great!!!  They are even better in concert.  I has a sound that lifts you up making you go crazy and coming back for more. I still haven't got tired of it and I listen to it 24-7.
B000002HMH|5.0|I've been a Metallica fan for 10 years. I love ALL of their albums for different reasons. I just have two things to say to the so called fans who trashed this album: 1) Change is a natural part of life, it's nothing to be  scared of. You can't live 1986 over again every year, and 2) Those who  criticize Metallica and say they can't write or play anymore needs to stop  and think what THEY'VE done with their own pathetic lives. By the way, my  favorite tracks are &quot;Bleeding Me&quot;, &quot;Cure&quot;, and  &quot;The Outlaw Torn&quot;. 'Nuff said!
078322608X|5.0|No flaws, no noticeable direction errors, no stupid cutting room blunders. The whole film is sheer perfection.<br /> Bruce Willis puts down a breathtakingly real character here (he really BECOMES Cole), with Brad Pitt  (&quot;He's seriously crazy&quot;) and Madeleine Stowe (&quot;WOMEN  psychiatrists...&quot;) as great supporters. Awesome special effects too;  note the startling camera angles and gloomy sets.<br /> Thank you, mr. Terry  Gilliam, for sharing this film with the public.<br /> On top of all that, the  DVD version is overloaded with extra's.<br /> One word of caution: this film  is NOT suitable for children!
0790725657|5.0|This movie was wonderful!  Not only was the acting done beautifully, but the cinematography was top-notch.  The different angles during the scenes gives a true, attached sense of feeling to the viewer and portrays the  emotions of the actor close to heart.  The movie was beautiful in content  and also scenery.  Although different from the book, the movie definately  touches fans of F.H.B.  Personally, I cry every time I watch this movie,  and I'm in my 20's!
B00000253N|5.0|Only a few times in your life you are graced to experience something like Blood on the tracks. Bob Dylan was not writing this masterpiece for mortals to listen to, he was giving something of himself that an artist seldom have  the privilage to do. Opening your soul to the world like Dylan did, speak  of inner strength, only obtained by true peace of mind and experiencing  life with all its twists and turns. Few people are prepared to share their  highs and lows in such a way, let alone in song, let alone in such a  memorable way.
B00001U03Q|5.0|This disk illustrates the time of E.C.'s life that was the 80's and 90's, not his 60's &amp; 70's material.  While it's true that there is the fair share of glossy,Phil Collins produced numbers, the fact is that they are  hits.  And these are great songs done by a master of the genre, whatever  genre he decided to go into at the time.  The 80's tunes from Behind the  Sun and Journeyman are fabulous songs with great guitar, but the real  feeling comes through in the numbers from the 90's.  His Unplugged work,  From the Cradle, and Pilgrim are such amazing looks into an amazing man,  and these songs deserve to be put together like this in a great  compilation.  The most touching and heartfelt song is &quot;Drowning&quot;,  that alone makes this purchase worthy.  The two new tracks are good songs  that are a must for any Clapton fans coffers.  It's fabulous to have all  these songs on one album so that they can be listened to over and over.   Enjoy this retrospective that highlights some of the best career work of a  truly great artist.
B0000046NB|5.0|I would have been satisfied just to hear Sarah Vaughn on this recording, but the players, particularly Clifford Brown, make this one of the truly great jazz recordings.
0446525537|3.0|This was a sweet, first love type of story.  Very typical, and predictable right from the beginning.  A little dull compared to Sparks other novels but I still enjoyed it nonetheless. I still look forward to reading others  by this author.
6305078564|5.0|This one is for keeps! You will have no trouble watching it over, and over, and over again. Miraculously it stands the test of time and fortitude. So many romantic films are only tolerable for viewing once or  twice, but not this one: Each time you view it you can find new nuances and  acting gems. The acting is superb and the lush scenery only enhances what  is already a masterpiece in cinematography. Run -- don't walk -- to get  this one. It's the kind of production that leaves you wanting for more.
B000003TB6|5.0|I purchased this cd in '94 from BMG and kept is sealed for about a year and a half 'cause I hadn't heard any of the tracks on the radio.  BIG MISTAKE!  I finally got the courage to play it and I haven't stopped since.   Buy it, play it, enjoy it.  Swept Away is the track!
6300216268|5.0|It's in a class by itself!  As a 28 year old ethnic female, I have yet to find another that reaches into my soul and affirms the innately human need to live...Simply live!  The message is clear, the love is genuine, and the  humor is dark.  Intelligent matching of script, acting, and music (all  performed by the former Cat Stevens) make this film my eternal favorite.
B000002G8L|5.0|Clapton stays true to his reputation as a &quot;bluesman&quot; here, avoiding the pop and straight rock that dominate a lot of his other albums.  All of the songs are strong, as he mixes slow blues like &quot;Worried Life  Blues&quot; and &quot;Double Trouble&quot; with lively, up-tempo tunes such  as &quot;Lay Down Sally&quot; and &quot;Setting Me Up&quot; (with help from  Albert Lee). The performance is also highlighted by Chris Stainton on  keyboards. If you're looking for Clapton at his blues-rocking best, this is  the one. A very underrated album, especially considering his reputation for  blues.
B00001U03Q|5.0|blue eyes blue is a wonderful song.......bad love  ....awesome...........clapton is like fine wine .......he just can't go  wrong....and he gets better with age........people everywhere....do  yourselves a favour .....go buy this masterpiece.............
0060926317|1.0|This was one of the worst books I have ever read. If you want to get preached to by someone with horrible writing skills - this is the book for you. At one point the author talks about her body odor on her trip and  states &quot;I had become offensive.&quot; Offensive is an accurate way to  describe this book. As for the writing style: If I saw one more exclamation  point I thought I was going to scream. I can appreciate simplicity in  writing but it does not have to come across as a &quot;What I did on my  summer vacation&quot; account by a 4th grader. As for content: This book is  so self serving and transparent that it is painful to continue to the very  end. The author preaches to us about denouncing materialistic ways,  protecting our environment, and many other &quot;lessons&quot; by blaming  the ways of other cultures, or by making one of the Aboriginal characters  in the book tell us how poorly we are doing. Either way it came off as  phony and contrived. Do yourself a favor and pick a different book to read.
B000002KE2|5.0|yo soy de mexico y la verdad odiaba al sabbath me gustaba en ese entonses  zepelin ;purple stones floyd pero sabbath era odioso para mi[era yo de 17 ]pero cuando escuche sabbath vol.4 me volvi sabbath fan ahora zep.deep.son  muy atras desabbatn pienso que en mexico hay gente que ama a sabbath como  yo compra este cd.
630512762X|5.0|Sure, Travolta's Troy and the violence was a bit over the top. However, the concept of changing faces was original. Cage does superb job of playing Archer with a lot of restraint, showing he has more range than Rey Ordonez.  This is probably the best action film that has come down the pike since the  original DieHard
B000002UAU|5.0|This is a brilliant album. Those who are enjoying knocking it in one star reviews below seem to be a particularly humorless bunch! And let it be noted that at the time of SGT. PEPPER'S release, the &quot;New York  Times&quot; rock music critic Richard Goldstein panned it. And Richard  Goldstein was THE most important rock critic of the time. And he panned it.  But what did Goldstein say years later when SGT. PEPPER was released on  CD?? Goldstein said, &quot;I was wrong about my initial judgement of the  album. Listening to it over the years, I've reversed my opinion, and now  believe it is a great album.&quot; So those who knock this album perhaps  are just not mature enough to appreciate it, as Goldstein wasn't at one  time. Maybe you never will be. Your loss.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Supernatural reminds me why I love the sounds of Santana! Old and the new come together creating mellow upbeat blends.  This CD is definitely made for the world to hear!!!
0767802470|4.0|I bought the VHS version of the original movie version of this film but was disappointed.  I first saw Das Boot (The Boat) as a multi-part TV series and - largely because of the greater amount of time available - it  was really interesting.  The original movie was so cut that it lost much of  the continuity and in some cases the scenes were so bitty that it was  annoying to watch.<br />The DVD of the Director's Cut is so much better.  But  this has a down side - the running time is about 3 hours.  But it is worth  watching.  You do have to cope with some poor sound/vision sync-ing  though.<br />As stated on the cover (of the European version), 40000 men put  to sea in U-boats during the second world war and only 10000 came  back.<br />This film is based on the period of the Battle of the Atlantic  after the 'happy days'.  There is little happiness in the film, but you  must come from it appreciating the bravery of the submariners (whether  German or any other nationality) during the war.
0679882820|5.0|I started reading this book to my baby as a newborn and she is now 8 months old and loves it! I simply have to recite the words ( which I've memorized) and she just lights up.  It's a great book for a small child.
078322804X|5.0|The added sequences ... the excellent soundtrack ... the Dolby - I missed it all.<br />One of my all-time favourite movies got better, and this makes it worth watching all over again.<br />Reading the notes with the DVD it is sad  to learn that a great deal of other material was destroyed by the studio -  including another number at Bob's Country Bunker.<br />The soundtrack of the  version I bought - European - has reworked musical numbers, which when  played back in Dolby 5.1 are absolutely incredible ... just wind up the  volume and enjoy!
6305470448|5.0|A fictional look at a portion of Shakespeare's life, suggesting the events that influenced the playwrite and giving reasons behind the unexplained mysteries and contradictions that are debated today.  Historically correct  in its atmosphere surrounding the story.  It is a wonderful screenplay with  many subtle jabs at the motion picture and entertainment industry as a  whole.  A romantic love story intertwined with the greatest love story,  Romeo and Juliet.  This is a movie that should not be missed, worth  watching over and over again.
B00000DD2D|5.0|I heard this in a store the day it came out and just had to get it.  Great collection of artists and music!
B000002VCQ|5.0|Whitney Houston is an extraordinary artist.  Her voice plays like a finely tuned harp.  God truly smiled down upon her.  Standouts:  &quot;You Give Good Love&quot;, &quot;Saving All My Love For You&quot;, &quot;Greatest  Love of All&quot;, &quot;How Will I Know&quot;, &quot;Nobody Loves Me Like  You Do&quot;.  Oh, heck, buy the album.  Every track is fresh and  exhilerating.
6305508550|4.0|This movie is a must see for anyone who has worked in a &quot;cubicle dweller enviromnet&quot;. This movie is much more true to life than I had expected (don't fear the dog who barks, fear the dog who quietly growls).   Almost every scene in this movie has happened to me in some way, shape or  form (&quot;PC Letter Load?!?! What the ---- does that mean?!?!&quot;).  Anyone who doesn't find this movie funny must either: Never have worked in  a large company, gone straight to middle management, or be utterly  humorless. One of the funniest movies I have seen in a while.
B00000JXV7|4.0|I was looking for a lighthearted romance/comedy when I picked this out, a fluffy &quot;chic-flic.&quot;  This proved to be so much more.  There were some neat effects, cute humor, a touching music, but the most profound part  of the movie was the &quot;Wedding/Hurricaine&quot; scene at the end.   Without giving away the plot, let me just say that the dialog here went  beyond movie script.  Anyone wishing to make a committment should take  these words to heart!
B00000DFSK|4.0|A recent reviewer asked why none of U2's '90's selections were put on this compilation. The reason is simple. U2 signed a THREE-set deal with Island records. The other two sets are coming soon (hopefully).<br />Anyway, this set  falls short of five stars for a few reasons. First, U2 is one of those  bands that puts out great ALBUMS. There is no way that you are going to get  the same magic out of a U2 compilation as you are from virtually any one of  their albums. Putting together a bunch of singles just takes away some of  the magic and continuity somehow. That having been said, it is a fairly  terrific selection of hits, in my opinion. However, my second problem is  related to this point. No &quot;Gloria&quot;? Should have used that one  instead of &quot;October&quot; fellas, although &quot;October&quot; is a  fine track as well. And that leads me to my third point. Why is  &quot;October&quot; a &quot;hidden track.&quot; That's gotta be irritating  to the casual fan who may not have the album &quot;October&quot; and wants  easy access to that track. Other than these rather small complaints, it's a  fine compilation though. And get the the set that contains the B-Sides disc  if you can. Many of these tracks are good enough to have been hits.
B00000JTB2|5.0|This album is just fantastic! Nothin' else! This is definitely one of the best blues albums I have listened to in my life. If you'd like to know what the true blues, you need to buy it! You'll never regret to listen to this  album!! This is just wonderful! Definitely more than 5 stars!!
6304044836|5.0|This movie has to be one of my favorites, I have never seen the original, and quite honestly, I do not want to for no two could play the part as well as, Harrison Ford and Ms Ormond, there was a chemistry between the two of  them that most of us will never have the opportunity to experiance, want  but never receive. And not only is the movie wonderful one will have to buy  the CD and listen to the wonderful work of John Williams, it is haunting  and yet thrilling. The Paris scenes were wonderful, reminds me of being  there a few years ago, absolutely intoxicating.
B000002B35|5.0|It's pretty hard to comment on Pink Floyd's CDs because even their fans dislike their albums sometimes or more often. However, this album covers the great best Pink Floyd's songs such as Wish You Are Here, Crazy Diamond,  etc. I bought both this cd and this video. Both of them are very nice and  hopefully you'll love it!!
B000000OF6|5.0|I wasn't even born when Queen was popular, but my mom got me hooked on them!!! They are such a cool band with awsome songs. I saw something about them on VHI and me and my mom watched it and from then on I was hooked!!!!!
0790734850|4.0|Good movie.  Intelligent.  Superb acting (but come on...Kim Basinger with an Oscar????  What about James Cromwell?)   Very, very stylish.  <br />But the ONLY way to see this is on DVD.  This disc is packed with extras which  range from cool (interactive L.A. map and making-of featurette) to useless  (three television ads and the movie trailer).  And it's also one of the  cheapest, so for someone looking to build their DVD collection, even if you  HATE the movie (which hardly seems possible), you're getting your money's  worth....unlike with those greedy buggers who make the Criterion  Collection.
B000002504|5.0|Gentle Giant's music is, as they rightly say, an acquired taste.  This gave the band a  strong core of dedicated fans, but ultimately drove Gentle Giant out of existence. I have always wondered what they were thinking; you  can't produce this kind of complex educated music and get any kind of  commercial sucess.  More accessible than Curved Air or Henry Cow, less  grandiose or cosmic than Yes, Gentle Giant created a sound that no one  could imitate or degrade with the exception of themselves. <br />Octopus is  the first part of the three album high point of their spiky career,  culminating in Freedhand, and then fulminating on Interview, etc.  The  tightness of the playing, the cohesion of the vision was never better here.   The songs are projections of the players: smart, sharp, and concise.  The  world of 1973, even with its lack of technology, internet, and  globalisation, produced so much good music based on the what the musicians  themselves could do, not on drum loops, samples, and sequencers, that it  makes me timesick to think about it.   Here is an exellent example of has  been lost.
B00000JPH6|5.0|First of all, I love this film and if you love this film get the DVD now! It has everything a Dark Crystal fan wants! Documentary, original language workprints (Frank oz does the voice for Auhgra! with the characters  speaking in their own language), and the deleted scene, which is awesome!!!  The widesreen remastered print is beautiful and blows all other copies of  this moive out of the water. Buy this DVD and watch pure movie magic!!  (a  little cheesy but I had to say it:))
B000009ED0|4.0|The whole cd from beginning to end is bad ***. Well, with the exception of number 11...but the rest of the cd more than makes up for it. This is a cd you should definately get.
B00000DG1R|5.0|The Duran Duran Greatest Hits Cd is one on my favorite. It has a great variety of hits from the early 80's to the most current hits. There are not many bands who keep coming back and coming back. One of my favorite tracks  is &quot;Come Undone&quot; and &quot;Ordinary World&quot;. But who could  forget great hits like &quot;The Reflex&quot; and &quot;Save a  Prayer&quot;. These songs are classic. I love this band!!
B00000JCOV|5.0|I think I'm the only person who does not hear Korn in this album (except a little in Spit It Out).  MAYBE from Korn's debut album, but definately  not their latest, Follow The Leader. This is metal, to whoever says it is not.   If you think this resembles rap, you've never heard rap. No, this is not  late 70's, early 80's type metal, but this isn't the late 70's anymore,  it's the late 90's.  And this is what metal is today.  This album defines  hardcore metal.  Any real metal fans should get this album now.
B000002U9Y|4.0|An eerie album of uncertainties and shadows, made darker somehow by the occasional bombastic moments, and capped off by Syd Barrett's frankly frightening &quot;Jugband Blues,&quot; one of the most truthful documents  of mental illness ever recorded on any media.  If you call yourself a Pink  Floyd fan and you don't have this CD, you're not really a Floyd fan.  This  contains some of their best and most experimental work and deserves to be  more popular among Floydians than it is.
6305537798|5.0|I had no idea this was a remake of the Taming of the Shrew. This is one of the best remakes I have ever seen. If they remade more movies like this maybe more kids would enjoy to read the classics. I would highly recommend  this to everyone. Very entertaining for young as well as older viewers.
B000002UA5|4.0|Cut to the chase.  The four stars are for the first disc, which is the only time that the live Floyd of the early 70s was heard properly on a non-bootleg album.  As horrifying and anarchic as anything Sonic Youth or  the modern industrial bands ever did, and almost (almost!) as powerfully  psychedelic as Amon Duul II.  The second disc is completely dispensable,  except for Waters' beautiful &quot;Grantchester Meadows.&quot;  Gilmour's  &quot;Narrow Way&quot; is aimless noodling, and the less said about Mason's  and Wright's solo pieces, the better.  But man, that first disc...
B00000IOSU|5.0|One of the best live CD's I've heard in awhile and one of Sarah's finest! No new surprises here just solid music--a must for any McLachlan fan!! I've listened to this puppy so many times I'm starting to wear out the CD case  and amazingly it still sounds fresh! A+
B000002C1Z|2.0|A good half of the songs on this album are in the key of G; sit down with the guitar and figure them out yourself.  Why? Because Roger Waters wrote a majority of them, and came up with the lyrics, which are beginning to show  the vile pomposity that made &quot;The Wall&quot; and &quot;The Final  Cut&quot; impossible to listen to.  Waters' second-rate junior college  philosophy class existentialism, and his attempts to be up-to-date by  pointing fingers at social problems just like the punks of the day, sounds  terribly dated now, as does the meandering, aimless and dull songwriting.  The best thing about this record is David Gilmour's singing and guitar  playing.  Other than that, there is very little to recommend it.
B000002I53|5.0|If you are farmiliar with classical jazz and John Coltrane, than you would not be reading this review.  This is one of the all time great jazz albums and yet it is so accessible that it will undoubtedly transform a new jazz  listener into a jazz fan for life.  This album and Kind Of Blue (MIles  Davis) are a great start.  Buy them both and there is no turning back.
B000001YOW|2.0|I expected much better after reading the high-flown praise here and elsewhere.  What we have here is a band that is influenced by Pink Floyd, but unfortunately post-Dark Side Pink Floyd, when Roger Waters' unrelenting  pessimism and melody-free &quot;music&quot; destroyed them.  Steven Wilson  is not really that impressive a guitarist, although he does do a passable  Gilmour, and his voice is quite thin.  The record is drowned in reverb, and  the compositions are ponderous, humorless, overblown and ultimately numbing  in their excessiveness.  The heavy metal moves the band engages in make  them sound more like Queensryche (another band I can't stand).  Basically,  this is pompous 70s stadium rock masquerading as prog, which it isn't.  If  you really are dying to hear a recreation of the 70s Floyd sound, Kula  Shaker's &quot;Peasants, Pigs and Astronauts&quot; is much closer in spirit  and execution, and it's a lot more fun to listen to. Wilson can't really  write a workable tune to save his life, and his portentous lyrics are a  stone drag.  In short, you can live without this one.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The Matrix is an awesome movie. It made me change the way I looked at things. It is soo good that I saw it in the theatre at least 4 times. There is good eye candy for all plus an intriguing plot that makes you have to  watch it more than once. Every time you watch you will find a new thing in  the Matrix.
B000002A3T|1.0|Waters without Gilmour is melody-free and as mean-spirited as they come.  Conversely, Gilmour without Waters is brain-dead and tedious.  This record is vastly overproduced and under-composed. Somewhere along the line Gilmour  even lost his beautiful guitar tone, and traded it in for a  sterile-sounding roar.  It's hard for me to tell one song from another on  this record; the only emotion I feel is a vague sense of relief when  Gilmour stops singing the dreadful lyrics he and his girlfriend concocted  to bridge the gaps between aimless meanderings.  Roger Waters wasn't the  Pink Floyd, but this is proof that David Gilmour isn't the Floyd either.  Just bloated, brainless corporate rock, as psychedelic as Quaker's Oatmeal  and a lot less interesting.
6302054982|5.0|This is one of the most entertaining, captivating films that has ever been made. Watching it you feel as if you are part of the crew. Liotta, DeNiro, and especially Pesci are all great in this. These were the roles they were  born to play. This movie transcends every genre -- drama, comedy, action  you name it, it's in there.
B00001U03Q|5.0|The first thing you will probably think is... here we go again only 2 new songs... but I believe appart from the new songs, this copilation more than anything gives you a glimpse into &quot;Gods&quot; mind and his present  state of being. A kinder gentler God. <br />You like me, may have all those  songs in the diferent albums as they have been put out throughout his  Carreer...but what can I say I'm a real sucker when it comes down to Mr.  Clapton.  Long live &quot;God&quot;
B00000ADG2|5.0|Before I listened to Lauryn Hill, i never liked hip-hop or even considered buying a CD of this type of music.  But now that I did, i am so glad.  Lauryn seems like such an inspirational young woman with such a strong  belief in life and God.  I think she is a good role model for girls  everywhere, and her songs are full of motivation.  This is an excellent CD,  and I highly recommend it to anyone.
B00001U03Q|2.0|but in retrospect, I think everything after Cream is superfluous. Cream was willing to experiment, and Clapton's guitar style still had that ferocious and precise &quot;bite&quot; and exhilarating cleanness you saw  on the first John Mayall record. What is there really to get truly juiced  about after that? All his recent stuff is just so sadly tired...
0345360338|4.0|I love all of Penman's books, with this one and The Sunne in Splendour being my favorites.  I am facinated by the story of Simon deMonteforte, and learned much about his life and plight after her introduction in this  novel.  Ironically, the English Historical Society has done little to  commemorate him today.  I enjoyed learning about this time period through  the eyes of so many characters who are not commemorated today, but who  obviously had a large role in shaping the British Monarchy and popular  culture's view of the past.
B00001U0E1|4.0|I love this film and think it was one of the ten best of last year.  When it came out on DVD a few months ago, I bought it and I knew I would have to wait for the special edition and sure enough, that is exactly what has  happened.  I am tired of companies doing this to us DVDphiles.   Disney/Miramax/whatever seems to be the only cvompany doing this.  In the  future, please put the regular DVD and the SE DVD out on the same day or  just put the SE out like Warner Bros. and Columbia does.  I know this will  fall on deaf ears.  Oh well...
079284078X|4.0|This story wasnt meant to be another Conan, Red Sonya &lt;as REH originally wrote the name&gt; was set in a medieval world, but it was changed after his death. Its a good B movie, and we all need a B movine  once in a while. OF note on the funnier stuff is when they climb the tower,  and their hair falls to rest on the wall of the tower. This was also an  early part for Ernie Reys JR, from older tv series &quot;side kicks&quot;  and such movies as &quot;TMNT 2&quot; &lt;pizza boy/spy into foot clan&gt;  and surf ninjas.  the other 3 movies are both Conan's, and the recent movie  &quot;Kull the conqueror&quot; each being based of Robert E Howards  manuscripts from the 1920~30's.
B000002U82|5.0|Pink Floyd's &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; is the only album that I own that gets more and more entertaining the more you listen to it. It's incredible how it works. The music is literally addicting. With its unique  and soothing rythyms, this is by far the best album I own. The music is  also relaxing. May I suggest that insomniacs try listening to this album  from front to back before they go to sleep. It works. Anyway, BUY THIS  ALBUM! It is worth your every penny.
B00001U03Q|1.0|Timepieces 1 &amp; 2.  Crossroads.  Crossroads 2.  Unplugged.  Cream Of Clapton.  Blues.  Now this, yet another dubious &quot;greatest hits&quot; collection.  How many times can the man recycle the same songs? Start with  &quot;Layla &amp; Other Assorted Love Songs&quot; instead.
B0000009OP|5.0|Since learning (from NPR) of Mark Sandman's untimely death in July I have purchased all 5 of Morphine's albums.  They are all great with Cure for Pain and Like Swimming the best- by far.  I listen to cable radio and  alternative radio (such as it is in Jacksonville, FL), occasionally read  Rolling Stone, and like to watch new music videos, but I was completely  unaware of the existence of this great band.  Its a shame that the music  industry gives us a choice only among teen-oriented boy and girl bands,  hip-hop / rap, and aging or dead artists.  Morphine is (was) real rock  &amp; roll.
B0000214F0|4.0|A fantastic movie that captures the feel of what we have read and heard about that time period. A very well made movie that I have never forgotten after all these years.
0399143904|2.0|Rainbow Six just seemed to lack that element of the unknown that won't allow you to put one of Clancy's books down.  It was as easy to predict as a Disney movie.  Other than that it was fun, and if you've already mowed  the lawn and washed your hair it might be worth a read. Just too  predictable.
B0000028PI|5.0|Everyone who rated this a 5 is absolutely right. This CD gets better with each listen. I wish Alice had toured to support Temptation; it could have been quite a show!
6302732875|5.0|This film succeeds on two major fronts. Mamet's characters are appalling, painfully funny, and continue to reveal more of themselves on repeated viewings of the film. The story successfully explores and mocks the grim  parasites and forced optimism of the sales world. Second, the acting is  extraordinarily good. Jack Lemmon stands out as an old-timer fighting to  hold on to his career. Alec Baldwin fascinates as a ruthlessly  one-dimensional super-salesman. Al Pacino demonstrates the art of  manipulation as he preys on a customer with unconscionable self-interest  masquerading as friendship. Ed Harris, Alan Arkin, Jonathan Price, Kevin  Spacey round out an incredible cast. A brutal and penetrating  look at  selfishness and hypocrisy, this film is as enlightening as it is  entertaining.
B000002KAT|3.0|I know I am &quot;supposed&quot; to like this record.  Heck, I am &quot;supposed&quot; to think that this record is one of the best in musical history.  Well, sorry, but...the guy's voice drives me crazy.  He's  about as pleasant to listen to as a cat with its foot caught in a  fence.<br />The instumental parts are pretty nice, and on occasion, they're  great.  But Van's voice just completely ruins the thing for me.  Blows the  mood completely.  I can almost picture the veins popping out of his neck as  he tries to hit some of these notes.<br />Sorry, but I just can't love this,  though I know all of the critics say I should.
B00000DBXL|5.0|This has to be my favorite CD of the '90's ... my bet is that CAKE will become one of the really top bands for years to come. This is their best effort so far. TRemendous disc.
B000002LOE|5.0|I bought this CD the day it came out and have since worn off all of the one's and zero's. When I need something to listen to it is the one I come back to. It's like an old friend. I have all of the others as well (UP is a  classic too)but this is the best.
B00000IOSU|5.0|This album is a bullseye!  I like this music so much that I had my first dance to &quot;Ice Cream&quot; at my wedding a few weeks ago.  Phenominal vocal range, rich emotion . . . this album is as much &quot;emotionally  experienced&quot; as it is listened to.  Hearing her live is exciting too -  she gets into the crowd and the energy there is addictive.  This is one of  the best albums I have.  Period.
0140186395|3.0|I thought the review below by bluejaye99 to be particularly interesting.  I dont think Steinbeck is in the absolute top rank (with, say James or Faulkner or Twain) but he is a fine story teller who uses words much more  fluidly than most American writers.  Yes, this book has its clumsy parts,  but it is easy to read and makes an impressive beach book.
6302206294|4.0|When I first saw this movie, I was a little surprised. More or less the movie is pretty historically accurate...of course not including that Robin Hood is a legend. The portrayal of King Richard's Crusades is believable,  even despite the lack of accents. This movie is not for the squeamish  however. The beignning scene in the Turkish prison is stomach turning as  with poor Duncan who lost his eyes. All in all, a good movie.
0553278355|5.0|I loved this book.  The writing is unique and every chapter flows right in the next.  I did not want to put the book down.
B000002L9W|4.0|Diamond Dave may not have reached the heights of his Van Halen days Since this record (unfortunately), but this album is still a better listen than Van Halen's latest release (III)guitar purists aside. It's great hip  thrustin', chest beatin' howl at the moon kinda listen. You have  everything: 1. Guitar licks aplenty from a modern virtuoso in Steve Vai, 2.  The Premier Bassist of hard rock in Billy Sheehan and 3., The MAN who  reinvented being a rock front man all by himself... David Lee Roth. Are  there better vocalists? Sure, but how many are so much fun? How many shoot  the moon at the world give a wink and then invite you in for a drink? All  good!!!
B0000070B8|5.0|IT'74 is the best live album Rory put out. As The Crow Flies is a killer acoustic track Cradle Rock is blistering tune. Many classics in the package.A must for any Rory fan &amp; anyone who likes blues rock. Can't  forgrt the all time classic Too Much Alchol, superb!
6302787564|3.0|Certainly the best movie I've seen come from Joel Schumacher, and that's only saying so much. Duvall is quite good, and Douglas is excellent (he CAN act!) -- the idea and its execution are pretty interesting as well. There  are some quality scenes and moments, even a splash of genuine emotion here  and there, but it gets a little carried away at points (like in the silly  &quot;rocket launcher&quot; sequence) and at such points finds itself  dangerously skirting the line between unique drama and  pseudo-&quot;socially-minded&quot; fluff. It is not a bad movie, and worth  seeing, but ultimately it suffers from the obvious detracting factor --  Joel Schumacher's involvement. Down with Joel.
B0000074CU|5.0|Excellant live recording of Taste. There's an excelant extended version of Catfish.What's Goin On just smokes
6302206294|3.0|There are some very good things in this movie -- especially Rickman, Morgan and Mary Elizabeth, and the returning King Richard cameo. But Costner is just not Robin Hood. I love it in Mel Brooks' &quot;Men in  Tights&quot; when Cary Elwes says &quot;I can speak with a British  accent.&quot;<br />Fun, entertaining movie, but wrong Robin.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Wow! I've just spent the past few hours listening to this CD. It's so good, I'm almost speechless.<br />There are going to be a lot of people that don't like this. It would take a great deal of musical awareness to  appreciate how good this is. People are going to try to compare this to  other bands and forms of music and you can't.<br />The percussion is done  amazingly well. There are some incredible, subtle bass riffs. And Durst  does some astounding vocals. There is talent just oozing out of these  people.<br />If you want the same old boring crap, go buy 9 inch nails,  smashing pumpkins, or or some other stale music. <br />If you have the ability  to deeply listen to music, to hear the nuances, to appreciate new sounds,  then this album is for you.
B000007T1M|5.0|This is my fav cd of all time.  The guitars are the CRUNCHIEST,HEAVIEST tools on earth.  The vocals are extremely diferent with super range from high notes to gurgly growling.  The lyrics are intelligent but sometimes  goofy.  If you want intelligent explicit lyrics and fast super heavy music  this is your cd.+ itt'l last you a long time. HOT TRACKS:  suite-pea,Know,War
0805211063|5.0|Probably not the most recommendable place to start for someone unfamiliar with Kafka, but if you've read other works by Kafka and have enjoyed them, you'll need to get around to this one eventually. Personally, I think it's  one of the best books I've ever read. It is true that nothing much really  happens, in the typical sense, and that the book is distinctly unfinished  and probably flawed on a number of levels. But in some senses this only  enhances the mysterious nature of the book. It is utterly surreal and  ultimately pointless as a conventional narrative, but rather resembles an  epic, highly detailed, inherently meaningful, yet hopelessly ambiguous  dream. I find this mix and this atmosphere extremely appealing, and I have  never seen it in a purer, more innocently perfect form than here. A book  full of magic.
B000003CMD|5.0|These guys are just such proficient musicians, in addition to providing a unique, southern flavor to rock and roll and giving those young people, (at the time of its release, that is), a unique opportunity to have an appreciation of  some old blues tunes that created the foundation for rock and roll to come about.  This album introduces that lineage quite well.  Get the best rock and roll album  of all time.  Cool or what?
0240801962|5.0|As stated in the summery this is a great book for people who wish to advance in the darkroom; to have more control over their work. The Darkroom Cookbook discuss, in easy to understand concise language, how to make your  own developers, toners, fixers, reducers etc. Stephen Anchell gives you the  formulas to reproduce, in your own darkroom, a host of great developers  etc. He also gives some basic info on hints and tools you will need to get  started. A well written book easy to follow; though a little knowledge of  basic chemistry is helpful. I am a new darkroomer and found this book has a  wealth of inforamtion helpful if you like to expeirment. By the way, If you  are just being introduced to the darkroom or rusty at it, don't buy this  book at this momment. Wait untill you feel comfortable working in the  darkroom using stock chemicals, this book might discourage some from  beinning because it is a techincal manual.
B00000J7J4|5.0|The first words out of my mouth as I listened to this CD.  It has not left my CD player since.  I can honestly say that I grew up listening to Santana.  I was not even a glimmer when he was making it big but I think  that Black Magic Woman and Oye Como Va were some of the first songs I heard  as a child.  Now, I am at the age and feeling the way my parents did 30  years ago, loving the Rolling Stones, Grateful Dead, and Santana.  Well, I  can honestly say once you are great, you are always great.  Santana proves  that here.  He belongs in the category of legend as far as music is  concerned.  I applaud him for taking acts like Dave Matthews and Wyclef to  attract the younger audience.  This only makes my generation buy the album  and realize that maybe they should have been listening to Santana as a baby  too! Don't buy this album because of Smooth, buy it because it is by  Santana.  You know it has to be GREAT!
B00001P4RI|5.0|A fine solo effort from Brendan. This CD is a great journey through introspection and pain. For me the CD embraced me with it's melodious sound and Brendans incredible voice. It took me on a grand journey into the very  core of my sorrowful soul and I emerged again whole and ready to deal with  the world around me. I was very unhappy with the breakup of Dead Can Dance  but with Brendas first solo effort I can effectively say that I won't be  longing for a Dead Can Dance reunion. Great music to think to. Bravo  Brendan bravo!
6305181772|4.0|&quot;Mission: Impossible&quot; is a thrilling and intelligent thriller with enough twists and turns to always keep us interested. Also, this movie has lots of wonderful style and great action sequences. Brian DePalma is a  great director who always presents interesting and intriguing works.  &quot;Mission: Impossible&quot; is complex with a great plot and thrills. I  was never bored and always interested. This is a dynamite thrill ride.
0800187881|4.0|Eventhough it's a vanity piece for Babs (she plays a frump, who after a musical montage of exercises and make over scenes turns into a strange 70's singles-bar vixen who at last can get laid) this is compulsively watchable.   There is something about beautiful New York Upper West Side scenes that  melt the heart. Lauren Bacall, Jeff Bridges and Mimi Rogers are great.   Barbra is hard to figure - one moment she acts like an insightful,  brilliant English professor, the next like a naive little frau. Her  makeover makes no difference whatsoever.  She justs adds a black seduce-me  choker -  and magic -  she is supper chick. The next rainy day, curl up and  enjoy this drek - it is worth a dozen giggles, and trust me, it will become  one of those bad movies you just love.
6305426651|5.0|Life is Beautiful is simply beautiful. How can one express in words what power a movie like this has on the soul? Especially considering the tears that come unbidden just by reading the reviews others have written?  Life  is Beautiful's story: the lengths to which a man's love for his child can  not only survive man's worst inhumanity but how that same sense of live and  love can sheild that child from losing his own innocence. Be assured, this  is not a film for historians. This is a fairy tale. It is introduced by the  grown son, leading the audience to believe that he is telling the story of  his parents &amp; the horror with the memories he has of them: less savage,  scary and menacing than that seen in Schindler's List -- BECAUSE his  father's love, humanity and sense of life sheilded his son from those  horrors. As for the soundtrack, I cannot listen to it without tears  streaming down my face...never before has a movie touched me so deeply and  held on for so long. To see this movie and to miss the beauty inherent is  to be truly without heart.
0782008364|5.0|Bound has to be one of the best movies I have ever seen in my whole life. Gina Gershon and Jennifer Tilly make the best on screen duo in film history. I have got to say that the love scenes are hot but its the acting  and storyline that really drives this picture.
B00000K19E|5.0|Absolutely thrilling special effects, great story and awesome music score.  Favorite parts for maximum sound effects are the rescue sequences including the shootout in the lobby of the captive building and the  helicopter crash.  Anyone watching this movie and listening to it through  regular TV speakers are missing more than half of the movie.  Although the  visuals are excellent, the sound heard through a good sound system  including subwoofer cannot be beat.  I live in an apartment and luckily I  don't have complaining neighbors, so I can crank the sound sometimes and I  do it often.  I have watched this movie more than five times already, and  still can't wait to see it again.
0790736462|4.0|The acting, sets and story are all good. There's something not quite holding it together but its Ok.
6305350205|2.0|Roger Ebert was wrong when he said that this is the worst &quot;Star Trek&quot; film-&quot;The Motion Picture&quot; wins for that category-&quot;V&quot; is right above it on my best to worst scale.  I've  watched this film each year ever since it's theatrical release and have  enjoyed it each time, albeit not as much as II-IV, or VI-IX.  <br />Sure, the  special effects were the worst of any &quot;ST&quot; film and the ending  was a copout to something original, but throughout the film there is a  great deal of fine acting and interesting chemistry between the characters.   I particulary enjoyed the scene in which Sybok confronts Kirk, Spock, and  McCoy and debates the merits of what he is doing.   If you don't buy this  movie for any other reason, you should buy it for that scene alone.  Other  positive aspects of the film-Jerry Goldsmith performs a beautiful film  score which you'll want to hear over and over again.   The DVD was of a  good quality and I enjoyed seeing theatrical trailers which I haven't see  in over 10 years.....still, I only wish that the disc included the 16x9  amamorphic format for the new widescreen TV's.  I think that Paramount has  gotten the message though.  &quot;IV&quot; will be released on DVD next  month and is supposed to have this feature.
6301562178|5.0|I have seen this movie at least 2 dozen times in my 28 years of life. I never get tired of it. It has adventure, it has PAUL NEWMAN, it has STEVE MCQUEEN, it brings thrills and tears. I loved the drama, the intensity, the  wickedness of Richard Chamberlain. I still consider this movie one of my  favorites. I will never grow tired of it &amp; I praise Amazon.com for  carrying this title. I have been searching for years. Kudos!
B000002ITK|2.0|This is suppose to be a greatest hits cd and you get too many live tracks which are not all that great.  Twisted Sister were a great band and its upsets me to see that so many songs were left out off the cd.  Were Not  Gonna Take It and Shot Em Down are great songs and if they were to missed  from the cd I would have written to the record Label myself.  Only for die  hard fans
0780020685|5.0|The reason this film, the greatest adventure epic ever made, is not released in a &quot;letterboxed&quot; or &quot;widescreen&quot; format is that it is NOT a widescreen film. Believe it or not, it is possible to  capture magnificent vistas and breathtaking action in the standard 4:3  academy ratio, and that is exactly what Kurosawa did.
B000001EXR|1.0|How this album can get such great reviews is beyond me. It a piece of crap that should not have been released. KISS do grunge? Yeah I like to see that. The vocals are ok and the lyrics to each song are just ***. Save  your time and money and buy eariler Kiss music, the stuff that rocks
B000002NJS|5.0|Over the span of the early 80's and continuing through the 90's, Madonna has concocted some of the best pop music ever made.  However &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; is her most personal album and definitely her most powerful and  most enjoyable.  From the beautiful balladry of &quot;Drowned  World/Substitute For Love&quot; and &quot;The Power Of Good-Bye&quot; to  the upbeat techno thumping of &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; and  &quot;Skin&quot;, Madonna's latest album is a breath of fresh air.  She  never dissapoints and every one of her albums is unique and different from  the next.  My personal favorite is &quot;Drowned World&quot; because it's  not the traditional pop song.  It's more of a song that you have to listen  to in order to like it more and more.  Another standout is  &quot;Frozen&quot; with it's lush orchestration and haunting melody that  will sweep you off your feet.  All in all, &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; is a  must have for any music fan's library of cd's.  You won't know what you're  missing if you don't get it!!!
6303148352|4.0|Wow! Staggeringly realistic dinosaurs!  Action aplenty and a slam-bang adrenalin rush (once it gets off the ground), but boy oh boy, did someone forget to check the continuity and logic!  F'r instance:  The T-Rex paddock  is on ground level with the road (we see the soon-to-be-slaughtered goat  and we watch the &quot;T&quot; walk through the opening) until the attack,  when suddenly that ground level opening is a 100 foot drop!; A cow is  lowered into the raptor cage, we hear it savaged and see the trees shake,  but when the hoist is hauled up there is a tattered harness but no blood!  Hmmm; The parade of jeeps hurl down the road nowhere close enough to any  plant life to snatch up a piece, and yet Laura Dern has one in her hand  when we meet the Brontosaurus; there are rain-flecked windshields before  the rain falls; and when Sam Neill and the boy are racing down that tree to  beat the rapidly approaching Jeep, why didn't they just shimmy over to the  other side of the tree trunk?  The jeep can't do that and would fall safely  away from them.  There's more but space is limited here.  The film also  takes way to long to get going and the premise that the park's downfall is  caused by Chaos Theory is bone-headed:  Wayne Knight's character's greed  caused the mess, not chaos in technology or misguided science of restoring  dinosaurs.  But DAMN, aren't those great dinosaurs!
0525457585|5.0|When was the last time you cried reading a book? The Neverending Story has hurt me more and made me happier than any other book I have ever read. Fantasia's enchanting, the story enthralling and Bastian so real in his  wishes that you feel his mistakes are yours, too. Don't forget who you are.
630528069X|4.0|Remarkably fun idea for an action picture.  So many things work so well in this story:  Willis is perfect as a cop with a &quot;just-like-you-and-me&quot; persona; the relationships are solid and  believeable; the twists and turns in the plotting flow smoothly; the story  itself is interesting and the cast performs with style and great assembly.   There are times when the action overrides common sense and logic - Willis  plummeting down a shaft and grabbing hold of an air vent with his  finger-tips (no way) and the magical resurrection of a villian who should  have been dead from a crushed wind pipe cause by hanging by the neck from  industrial chain!  That's why I say check your brain at the door, cause the  film is too much fun to let this damage it!  I have a personal list of all  time Top Ten Legendary Screen Villians and Alan Rickman is on it!  He is  nothing short of memorable in this.  And a tip of my hat to the  screenwriters for inserting a sad tale in the center of this film and  coupling it with the growing relationship of two comrades-in-arms that  winds up making for a resounding finale involving Reginald Vel Johnson's  L.A. cop character - tremendous!  My one complaint (which is common to most  contemporary movies) is the excessive use of gutter language.  This film is  no exception and it saddens me when a screenwriter exchanges vulgarism for  dialogue.  The latter is far more expressive if you'll just take the time.   Nevertheless, this is one film to keep you entertained and cheering all the  way through.  Go ahead, take the ride!
078322608X|5.0|...I mean, I love this movie, as well as 5th Element and 6th Sense.  How many actors have three terrific movies under their belts?
0783114222|5.0|12 episodes telling the story of America's most challenging and courageous adventure.  I will treasure this collection well into the future.  Excellent source of information for children as well as adults who lived  through these amazing years.  I especially liked the Documentary/Movie  format in the series.  Not to mention all the special effects that make you  feel as if you were there.
0783211856|5.0|This film is one of my most cherished.  Not that I love to watch it all the time, but the fact that I have to prepare myself to watch it speaks for itself.  I think it is incredibly artistic, and well made.  What a great  piece of work.
B0000042H4|3.0|This set had a great impact in the early 60's, but 40 years later, it certainly shows its age. The problem is the abusive editing of Culshaw, these recordings hardly feel as straight performances, but rather as  highlights. Solti too is a brash, not very interesting conductor, what a  pity that Knappterbusch, Szell or Reiner were not prefered. Of course there  are great individual performances by many singers here, but it is very  interesting to note that Birgit Nilsson never liked this cycle.  I much  prefer the live Bohm on Philips, or the recent Sawallisch on EMI.
0767835107|1.0|This flick was dreadful - I could hardly stay awake.  I saw this with a group of friends and we spent most of the movie rolling our eyes and shaking our heads.  We're supposed to believe this?......A beautiful girl  has waited seventeen years to have sex because of her moral beliefs then  suddenly throws herself on the bed about three days after knowing a guy  with a terrible reputation for using girls for sex and then trashing them -  why?  Oh yeah, because he's just so darn cute.  Please.  I have more faith  in my fellow woman - those of us with an ouce of class, dignity or sense of  self worth aren't that easy.  And why should we be?  Behaving the way these  teenagers do gets you nowhere but pregant and HIV positive.  If you want to  watch nothing but crap - spend some time near a public toilet.  It's about  the same as renting or buying this movie - but cheaper.
B00000I2UE|4.0|While most of this album has escaped my memory over the years, the haunting melodies and lyrical angst on &quot;darklands&quot; has stuck in my brain like peanut butter to the roof of your mouth.  I'm buying the  album again, this time on disc, to replace my ruined cassette.  I recall it  as decent but the &quot;darklands&quot; track is worth the price by itself.
6300184080|5.0|This is one of the most touching films i have ever seen. When i first saw it i cried my little eyes out.
B000002JA8|5.0|As the reviewer below me states, it's silly how poor the press was for Bilingual.  I still listen to this CD almost 3 years later.  The Survivors, Before, A Red Letter Day, are just amazing!  All PSB fans must own this CD!   I guess I'm listening to it more these days because I'll be seeing them in  NYC next month!  I am anxiously awaiting Nightlife.  The reviews look like  it's one of the best yet.  If it top Bilingual....AMAZING!!!
0671027344|5.0|This book made me look from the outside of the social world of teens in.  Charlie's character shows that no matter who you are or what level of popularity you have, everyone has problems.  It was hard to put down and  the ending had me speechless.  I would recommend this book to anyone!!!
0767824571|2.0|Sorry to burst your bubble, all you Monty Python freaks, but this movie was only mildly funny in several places, certainly never &quot;wet-your-pants hilarious.&quot;  A masterpiece?  Come on!  I guess  this just isn't my type of comedy, or it could be that I saw this on a bus  coming home from a camping trip that I hated so much everything seemed bad.   Maybe I need to look at it again, but I doubt my opinion will change that  much.
B000006ED1|5.0|When i first heard this CD I knew it would be excellent, that was 4 months ago and it hasn't left my CD player yet.  This album combines both variety and quality of music with an epic story line to create an album that stands  alone in the field of metal.  The story grabs you from the first track and  slings you through a tempest of raging emotions and only releases you with  the closing of the final tract.  I don't think i have ever seen an album  with more effort invested into its creation then with Nightfall in Middle  Earth. From the orchestra like quality of the backing vocals to the  numerious musical devices, the album leaves nothing to be desired at its  completion.  There is not enough good things i can say about this album,  its by far the best ive ever heard, and believe me i have heard quite a  few.  Sure it may cost more as an import but believe me it will be the last  album you will need to buy for quite some time.
0786109912|5.0|We listened to all 18 hours of Anna Fields' reading while on an automobile trip: mom, dad, sons age 10 and 8.  We were enthralled.  The four of us have nothing but praise for the Blackstone Audio version.  When we arrived  home, the eight-year-old found the book in our library and re-read the  entire book for himself.  Read other reviews for comment on the story.   Suffice it to say here, this audio version captivated all of us, gave us  the opportunity to stop the tape and have family discussions on a variety  of important subjects, brought us all closer together, and gave us hours  and hours of thoughtful entertainment.
6304118406|5.0|A number of the posted reviews on &quot;Natural Born Killers&quot; submit that it is a worthwhile film because of its satirical nature.  This couldn't be farther from the truth.  NBK is NOT satire.  It's a social  commentary.  This film doesn't prompt us to recognize a truth about  ourselves and our society and then laugh... but, rather to recoil in  revulsion.<br />NBK isn't for everyone.  It's an incredibly well-thought-out  and provocative film... and, certainly, Oliver Stone's artistic eye and  deft editing make it one of the most unforgettable movies of our time...  but, I'm hesitant to recommend it to everyone.  Not everyone needs a  jarring piece of shock treatment to consider the nature of evil and the  role that the media and our own obsession plays in the perversion of so  many... but, for those that DO need just such a shock, Stone has created a  masterpiece.<br />Stone challenges us with, in my mind, a few key notions:  Evil exists.  We all have a responsibility to our own nature.  We can  choose to be consumed by evil ...and, by the same token, we can, in turn,  choose to be the consumers OF evil.  In either case, the result is the  same.  However, there is a third alternative.  A good alternative.  We can  recognize, &quot;this is not only wrong, it's wrong for me to be  entertained by it.&quot;  Hats off to Oliver Stone for Natural Born  Killers, a true call to action for the American consumer.
B00000K19E|5.0|Sure, the Matrix has incredibly well-done spfx, cool editing, astounding stunts, and guys wearing shades, but what makes this so great is that the makers of this movie actually put in a few ideas to go along with images.   The best sci-fi (in literature and film) always makes you think, makes you  wonder.  The Matrix is hands down the best sci-fi movie since Terminator.
0064430227|5.0|I loved it as a child and read it to my brother almost every night when he was a child.  I am now buying it for my child to enjoy.  Great for teaching children to use their imaginations.  I'm very glad I am able to pass this  down.
630463949X|4.0|What's it like on DVD? In a word, uneven. I agree with some of the posts that the audio could have been better. This is the first digital recording where I have bypassed the \\"direct\\" mode, in order to lower the bass output,  which was tubby and overwhelming. <br />Having said that, I still really  enjoyed this DVD. Stevie Nicks really shines. The group is a bit older, and  their voices cannot sustain the high notes of 20 years ago, but they are  performing drug-free, and the sound is tight and professional. Fleetwood  Mac recorded some of the most infectious music of the 70's, and it is  captured here in a live concert setting. <br />I'm glad I bought it.
0671578278|5.0|Miles &amp; Ekaterin's courtship, Liveried Vorkosigan Vomit bugs (courtesy of Lord Mark's bioengineering entepreneurship), and the Emperor's wedding mix well in this continuation of Komarr.  I ignored my family for two days  to finish it, chuckling non-stop.  <br />I wish the next book were out now.  But next time, I'd like more action.  Maybe Bujold can do another novel  about Quinn....
0060977493|5.0|This is a great book!  It is poetic but not at all pretentious or literary.  The story itself is unlike any other I've read and is ultimately extremely tragic, but it is beautifully told.  There are some very, very  funny scenes which are brilliantly used, not as a distraction from the  sadness of the tale, but as counterpoint to it.  Ms. Roy's voice is a fresh  and captivating one, and I look forward to her next work.
B00000JPH6|5.0|All I can say about this DVD is WOW!!!!  This DVD FINALLY has everything we've been asking for, the cut footage and the work print footage, as well as an isolated audio track.  Oh, and to get the audio track to work, click  on the Isolated Audio track option on the menu, then click the Start Movie  option in the main menu to start the film.  I remember seeing The Dark  Crystal on HBO WAAAAAYYYY back in the early 1980s and it blew me away.   Over 10 years later, I rediscovered The Dark Crystal on VHS and was once  amazed at the world Jim Henson and Brian Froud created.  Now, after years  of begging The Jim Henson Company to re-release the rare 1990 Image  Laserdisc edition of the Dark Crystal (Rumor has it that Jim Henson himself  personnaly supervised the Laserdisc edition before he died), we finally  have the Dark Crystal on DVD.  Now I know some people out there are crying  over the colors and audio on the film.  Yes, I admit it could be improved  some what......but who cares.  To me, this editon has better quality than  the old Disney version that was released back in 1994.  Anyway this is THE  definative edition of the Dark Crystal I will cherish forever.  Now if only  we could know if that Dark Crystal prequel rumor is true..........
6305079900|4.0|The Terminator is a well-crafted sci-fi action movie with a great cast, amazing special effects, and a fantastic plot.  Cameron must LOVE Bill Paxton (punk), since he's in just about every one of James' movies.  My  overall favorite part of the movie, the most unsettling part, is when Reese  and company return to their subterranean dwelling, and are followed in by  the terminator, who promptly begins gunning everyone (including the dogs)  down.  <br />I can't believe that the movie was originally released in mono,  since it was from the 1980's.  Aside from the soundtrack, I was not  thrilled with the DVD version since it lacked all the extra features that  some movies (like &quot;The Blues Brothers&quot;) have, like &quot;the  making of...&quot; or previously unreleased footage, etc.  If you've seen  &quot;The Terminator,&quot; you could probably skip this one.  If you're  like me, you'll get it anyway.
0684857820|5.0|I am grateful to Alice Sebold for sharing her story of the rape and trial she endured when still so young. It is an important story to share and a gift to others who have also survived a violent crime. It is a cogent,  well-written, fast-paced read. I was rooting for her the whole way and  devastated by the end.  This is a story of coping when life takes such a  tragic turn in such a young life.
0782008372|1.0|Now, don't get me wrong.  The film is very good.  It has a lot of action, humor, and some 80's cheese, but the DVD is almost unwatchable.  The picture is more granier than the VHS version.  This is, hands down, the  worst DVD transfer I have ever seen.  Please, do not waste your money on  this DVD.  The cover says that this DVD has THX certification!?!?  Yeah,  right, and so does the video that I filmed of my family opening Christmas  presents last year.
B00000JYGX|5.0|One of the most breathtaking musicals I've ever heard!  So many songs with so many styles - there are ballads and upbeat numbers.  Even if you don't speak or understand French, the orchestrations are beautiful - you will  phsyically react with shivers up your spine, and it is a purchase you will  never regret!
B00000BKDW|5.0|This is a completely self-contained musical voyage. You need not be a hard rock fan or an Iron Maiden fan to enjoy this, just appreciative of a good story and and an emotional atmosphere.  Dickinson's powerful voice carries  the emotion and energy of [mainly] Harris's lyrics but provides a key  element missing in most hard rock music; enunciation.  You expend no extra  attention in hearing these wonderful lyrics, fantastical, poignant,  dramatic (e.g., the lamentation of the loss of power through death and the  plot to return by a once great but brutal Egyptian ruler in Powerslave, and  the journey to hell and back through a grave mistake and eventual  redemption and its associated burden of a common man in Rime of the Ancient  Mariner, a treatment Coleridge may have approved of, at least in spirit).   There is no fluff in the topics covered in all the songs; they are all  stories of historical and fantastical bent, no odes to childish emotions or  feelgood activities or chauvanistic, fratboy tendencies.  You don't drive  down the road with these songs blasting out your car window, you shut off  the lights in your room, put on the headphones and close your eyes.   And  the instrumentation, it carries the emotion.  Harris' bass and McBrain's  drums grab your gut and heart.  Although the crazy guitar solos, often in  tandem, are technically superb, it is the rhythm guitar waves that provide  the aural landscape, and I am actually disappointed when the solos arrive  and this is disrupted.  This CD (and Piece of Mind, of which I can say  identical things and describe in a similar manner; you don't need any other  Iron Maiden CD but these two) is in my disc wallet next to Roger Waters'  The Pros and Cons of Hitchhiking, Robbie Robertson's Robbie Robertson, Pink  Floyd's The Final Cut, Sgt. Peppers LHC Band, Planet P's Pink World, U2's  Unforgettable Fire, and Emmylou Harris' Wrecking Ball.  Weird combo but  they all transport you somewhere else by getting in your brain and heart.
B000002VTE|5.0|The first time I listened to this CD, I was completely baffled as to why I had never heard of this group before.  I instantly fell in love with the title track and all the other tracks.  Spiritualized takes you through a  maze of hypnotic trance-like music that flows as smoothly as a river.  I'll  rank this CD as high as Oasis' DM, the Beatles AR, and Radiohead's OKComp.   Buy this CD if you want to listen to quality music that the general  pop-loving public wouldn't normally be exposed to.
6305263248|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. The scenery and location was real and beautiful at the same time. To me it had a very non-Hollywood feel, and a terrific realism applied to everything; especially the gun fights and the  *incredible* car chase scenes. You'll appreciate the detail even more if  you listen to the director's comments on the DVD version. One of those  movies that, after you watch it, you feel like you've read a book instead  of watched a flick.
0399128964|5.0|Frank Herbert did a great job on this book. I'm currently reading it for the second time and plan to read the rest of the series later this year.
6305171769|4.0|Twenty years later and the terror has not stopped.  We find out that Laurie Strode is alive and well but is still terrorized with thoughts of her older brother.  We see a lot of new characters in this movie and the  only annoying one is that kid with the huge nose who keeps talking about  getting laid.  Michael Myers is not the same in this movie.  Either it is  the actor, or the fact that Michael is now in his forties.  Jamie Lee  Curtis is still great as Laurie Strode although that scream that she lets  out at the beginning of the movie was a little overdone.  We see some good  humour in this movie as we see Janet Leigh, Jamie Lee Curtis' real life  mother, in a good role.  We also see LL Cool J in a good role as a security  guard.  Josh Harnett makes his debut as Laurie Strode's rebellious son.   Even though he has a best friend with a huge nose, his girlfriend is pretty  nice.  So is the girlfriend of the best friend with the huge nose.  Sorry,  I got a little off topic there.  Anyway, Halloween H20 is a great movie.   It is more suspenseful this time.  When you think Michael is going to  strike, he does not.  Either Michael is old and tired or we have a copycat  killer.  You have to wonder now that Halloween 8 sounds like it is in the  works.
B000001ES4|4.0|A really well thought out and well played album. If you like anything from light classical, soft jazz, or traditional celtic, you'll like this album.
0800141601|1.0|One of those wretched wastes of film that portray an unrealistic story based *very* loosely on a classic. They might as well have thrown Kevin Costner in there to add insult to injury. This movie took so many liberties  that it made the story generic and unappealing to me. It was so weak and  watered down that it wouldn't have made much difference if Arthur was  played by Sean PENN instead of Sean Connery! Buy &quot;Excalibur&quot;  instead.
B00000I1OY|4.0|This is a beautiful, underrated film, as relevant today as it was in 1968. Burt Lancaster's swimming journey though the emptiness that defines suburban life stings the viewer. Lancaster's performance as the man who  cannot connect with anyone, is perfection. The vapid emptiness of his  friends and neighbors stands in sharp constrast to his pain. A sensitive,  beautiful and emotionally draining score by Marvin Hamlisch adds to the  film's luster.
6304288433|4.0|Halloween 2 keeps right up with the original.  In the opening scene, we relive the closing moments of the first Halloween.  The sequel continues on the same night of October 31, 1978.  We see the same characters from the  first movie plus a few new ones.  It is a great movie, not as good as the  original, but what is?  Donald Pleasence and Jamie Lee Curtis are still a  great team as they attempt to defeat Michael Myers.  We finally learn  exactly why Michael Myers is trying to kill Laurie Strode.  The nightmare isn't over!
0782008364|4.0|This is a really well done film, good screenwriting, directing, and acting.  The DVD was excellent quality and I really liked the movie better the second time I saw it.  It was   unrealistic to have all the gunfire in  a condo and not have the cops swarm the place.  It would definitely not be  mistaken for a TV turned too loud.  That's really the only nit I could find  to pick.  Gina Gershon and Jennifer Tilly really lit (and steamed) up the  screen.  Buy the unrated version, it's a keeper.
B0000214F0|5.0|It doesn'et get better than this.  Definately not for the prudish or squeamish.  This is an epic tale of lust, violence, sex and debauchery.  Many will hate it, considering it nothing more than porn.  However, I feel  that its uncompromising look at sexual obessions is one of it's most  endearing qualities.  Without a doubt you will not be able to take your  eyes off the screen!  Lavish and grand on every level!
B000002J3W|5.0|Skid have showned that they are one of the best rock bands around and metal too, Bach has the best voice along Chris Cornell, every song is great. Great album, buy it know!!!!!!
6301562925|3.0|I am not quite sure what the point of this movie was.  I did not mind Halloween 4 at all but what is this?  You will rarely ever hear me say something negative about Halloween, but Halloween 5 was not a good movie.   First of all, they kill one of the main characters from Halloween 4 right  off the bat.  They continue by trying to add comedy into the movie by  having two very retarded cops on the scene.  The acting does not get any  better when we have to put up with young Danielle Harris trying to act like  she cannot even talk due to the trauma she has suffered from her Uncle  Michael.  Just wait for Halloween 6 Jamie Lloyd.  Donald Pleasence, once  again, seems to be the only one who truly knows what he is doing.  Thank  god Dr. Loomis can't die.  By the way, why do they feel that they have to  change Michael Myers' mask each time a new Halloween movie is released?
0679457607|5.0|Ever since Adam and Eve, through knowledge, abandoned innocence, man has been more concerned with its own self than with the act of seeing and appreciating things as they are. The human body is a miracle and capable of  doing incredible things, and the golf swing does not represent a big  performance problem, if only we could let it feel, learn and perform the  way is was meant to do it. The golfer's ego, however, is constantly trying  to interfere in order to justify itself; to find a way to achieve fame and  glory, proving not to others, but to itself, that it deserves admiration,  respect or at least recognition. This ego -the ego not originally created  with the human body, and therefore not capable to perform with the  requirements of golf- will never let the golfer do the things the human  body is capable of doing, unless we learn to quiet this ego. The technics  shown in this book are the best way I can think of to start learning to  focus, feel, learn and perform to excel in golf. This will in turn will  teach the golfer to pursue performance in any other field of human  activity.
B00000JMQE|5.0|This movie holds it's own in a world filled with sequels.  Don't, however, think of it as Oz #2, it has a different feel entirely.  I first saw this movie around 1988, a few years after it's premier - I was still young at  the time and the journey seemed as mystical as the original to me at the  time.  With characters like Jack Pumpkinhead, Bellina the talking chicken,  and Princess Momby - with her interchangable heads, this movie is a  delightful escape from reality.
6305229449|5.0|I work for Disney. That's that out of the way. I have to say that, though I did NOT contribute towards the making, I'm very proud of 'Mulan'. Like everyone else here, I am also capable of constructive criticism. I thought  the characters, music and the design were superb. It was a little  unfortunate that Mulan's speaking voice had to sound so all-American white  bread, despite the Chinese-American voice actress, in contrast to the  noble, gentle, more authentic voice of her father. It is also great to see  them beginning to break away from the 'musical' format, further  demonstrated by the use of music in Tarzan. People seem very divided on  whether Disney should stay 'Disney' - all clean fun, albeit very dull  sometimes, family entertainment; or to strive to create films that have  much wider, more sophisticated appeal. I am definitely for the latter  scenario. Disney has the best artists in the industry..and it's great to  see their material starting to reflect a more sophisticated, intelligent  audience. And what are these 'adult' jokes people keep mentioning...seems  like some people have a rather wafer-thin sense of humour.
B00000JPH6|3.0|I was disappointed in the movie basically because I loved it so much as an 9 year old I thought it would be just as good now.  It isn't.  Not to mention I felt as if the colors were not very well transfered to DVD.
B000002P5R|4.0|This is an incohesive mess. The songs hardly flow together at all. It is saved only by the strength of many of the songs. The best being - In From the Storm, Freedom, Angel, Ezy Ryder, Drifting, Hey baby(new rising sun),  and Stepping Stone. Most of which appeared on Voodoo Soup which was a more  cohesive collection and is now unfortunatly out of print. i gave this 4  stars because it's jimi freakin' hendrix and subtracting 1 star for  occasional poor song choice and order.
0790729725|1.0|An excellent way to ruin an INCREDIBLE movie is to put it on dvd and then make me have to get up and flip the damn thing halfway through.  I don't have to do that with The Deer Hunter which is 3hrs long.  I honestly think  that you ruin the whole feel of the movie in those few seconds.  And  finally isn't this the reason most of us avoided buying laserdisc players?
B00000J2KY|4.0|Sometimes one simply must deny all decency and force a loaded fist down a fool's throat.  The silly page-duster from New York - no doubt whisking pages of another great book with his feather of knowledge two woeful floors  below me - has worked a misleading platitude into the impressive emphatics:  &quot;LOLITA&quot;, &quot;SATIRE&quot;.  <br />&quot;I can only repeat that I  have neither the intent nor the temperament of a moral or social  satirist.&quot;            -- V. Nabokov, Strong Opinions, pg. 22<br />My  movie review: Wonderful, brilliant, but the time was not right, the  tiptoeing is obvious, a second and third viewing can be disappointing.
B000001IQH|5.0|HI EVERYBODY I JUST WANTED TO SAY THAT EVERYBODY MUST HAVE THIS CD. IT`S JUST FANTASTIC. YOU CAN LISTEN TO IT 24 HOURS A DAY AND YOU`LL NEVER TAKE IT OUT FROM YOUR STEREO THIS IS REAL MUSIC. YOU`LL FIND YOUR WAY WITH THIS  CD. BUY IT NOW!
0375707972|1.0|I started out with good expectations of this book. As I read more and more I lost all hope and wanted to throw it away.  The story moved so SLOW and the big secret was not worth the terrible punishment. I  recognized more  with the culture gap here then the whole story plot?  Maybe I'm just not  getting it?
068484267X|5.0|All I can say is, I am so glad Frank wrote a sequel
0345350499|5.0|This book changed my life forever. It expressed feelings I didn't have the words for, and turned a giant page in my search for religion. I recommend this book with all of my heart and soul to everyone, everywhere. Good bye,  Marion, and thank you. Thank you for everything.
0780020685|5.0|A masterpiece, second(?) only to &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; for sheer mastery of the medium.  And like &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; , &quot;The Seven Samurai&quot; was shot using what is now termed &quot;academy aspect  ratio&quot; or 1.33:1 or, to put it in simpler terms, the dimensions of  your television screen.  'Widescreen' as we now know it (whether 1.85:1,  2.35:1, etc.) is a phenomenon that started AFTER 1954 (notice TSS's release  date) in response to the growing popularity of the television.  Cinema gave  you what television could not, a really, really big picture.  So enjoy  &quot;The Seven Samurai&quot; in all its glory because Criterion has given  the exact vision which Kurosawa intended us to see, and if you watch  closely, you will notice that every shot is perfectly framed.
0446525537|5.0|I couldn't wait to read this book this year!We have watched Nicholas' growth over the years and admire his writing and his life-values.We're proud of you Nick!
B00000K19E|5.0|A change for once. Spotted two mistakes in the movie (makes you wonder how many times I've seen it). I really love the concept, fashion and music of this movie. But they can cut the flying crap at the end.  Can't wait for  the sequel.
0930073193|5.0|This is an excellent book for anyone to read; whether you just want to educate yourself a little about basic economics, or you have a degree in economics.  It dispells myths that are promoted as fact every day in modern  society, and makes clear how the economy really works.  It also should make  it clear to any reader that economics affects virtually every aspect of  one's life.  When you evaluate propositions for changes in laws and/or  taxes at election time, things you learned in this book will likely help  you read between the lines!      Quick, easy reading with relevant  examples.  As an economics major, my favorite class was one in which this  book was used as the text.  It stands in sharp contrast to the typical dry,  long, and sometimes confusing textbooks associated with this topic!
B00000JCOV|5.0|I don't care what anyone else reviewing this CD sais, Slipknot sounds nothing like KoRn. Where does Korn scratch, and how much do they sample? Have you ever heard the bassist for Slipknot slap funky grooves into their  songs? No, you haven't, and you won't. Slipknot is THE best hardcore band  of '99. I love this CD with a passion. It's one of those CD's that keeps me  interested no matter what kind of mood I'm in, or what I feel like  listening to. Pick it up, or it's your loss.
0684803356|1.0|Hemingway was a grreat promoter of himself. A lot of bull. This book is a rambling piece of blige. Hemingwasy was a good writer, but not all (and I should say most of) his books are dull as ditch water. This is a perfect  example of dull writing. His &quot;personal property&quot; was bull  fighting and the Spanish Civil war...give me a break. If this thing tells  you anything about the civil war you are too dumb to be counted. Hemingway  is ok, but come on, hardly the &quot;Great Writer of the 20th century&quot;  that he wants us to believe. Talk about great publicity, this guy had it in  spades. The bells just don't toll. But what can you expect from someone who  commits suicide. A coward. Skip this one.
B00000J7J4|5.0|could it get any better than this
0792156684|1.0|Hmm...so you would think that a movie that costs 300 million to make would be worth the $7 buck you pay to watch it, but what do you find instead ? Titanic is a movie that is made for teenagers ( especially young women ).  The acting is terrible, the script is weak and the editing is horrible. The  only good thing that could be said about the movie is that the special  effects are good. I guess it's a good couples movie, other then that don't  waste the money.
B000002BFL|5.0|Don't get me wrong, I am primarily a maniacal fan of Bruce's rock 'n' roll masterpieces and his stupendous live shows, but his acoustic work shows equally important facets of his genius as a songwriter/musician/poet.   These &quot;Tom Joad&quot; recordings have the haunting quality of  Appalachian folk songs with the lyric depth of the poems of Federico Garcia  Lorca or Dylan Thomas. I honestly can't think of another musical artist  that has captured the heartbreak, complexity and hope of the American  experience in the way that Springsteen has.  &quot;Galveston Bay&quot;  talks with quiet irony of way in which our nation of immigrants tends  tragically to discriminate against each latest wave newcomers.  And yet, by  the end of the song, the antagonists finally relent and allow new blood to  reinvigorate and replenish the American dream. &quot;Across the  Border&quot; captures the mix of hope and illusion that draws so many to  &quot;El Norte.&quot;  &quot;Youngstown&quot; speaks achingly of the  betrayal of the American working man and woman. &quot;Dry Lightening&quot;  paints a word picture of the itchy, discomforting freedom promised by true  love and the unending horizons of western plains. I could go on and on. I  never tire of this album.  It still has the ability to change my life just  a tiny bit for the better each time I hear it. If you don't love &quot;Tom  Joad&quot; on first bounce, play it again and let its power seep into your  soul.  You'll never be sorry.
B00000K501|5.0|The video is totally cool. I have seen Rammstein live twice and this video is as close as you can get without going to the show. The pyro is stunning and the light show of of this world. Till has the main focus of the show  (as always), but you actually get a look at everybody else as well. I have  watched the video countless times since I got it and have not grown tired  of it. The Bueck Dich scene is as always funny, but could be onffensive to  some people. I showed it to several of my freinds and they are all buying  it. The video just rules.
6301976622|5.0|Quo Vadis is a shining example of Hollywood at it's best, for a change!  Big cast, big budget and a big plot set in Nero's Rome.  Robert Taylor turns in one of his finest performances as Marcus Vinicus, an arrogant  Roman commander who slowly finds his way of life and love being changed by  a shy Christian girl, Deborah Kerr.  Kerr is bewitching as the innocent in  a debauched Rome and Peter Ustinov is chilling as the nutty but deadly  Nero.  All I can say is, if you buy this movie, you'll never regret it.
0920668372|5.0|I cry everytime I read this book to my children. They enjoy each time we read it. I do have a suggestion to the author and illustrator, change the picture of the mother crawling on the floor and climbing into the sons  window.This image can be disturbing to some people. Otherwise I love this  book and recommend it to all.
0141301104|5.0|I thought this book was amazing. It was in away adventerios and fun. I think kids should read this because they would really enjoy it!!!!
B00000K19E|5.0|Is like a modern and high tech version of old BUDHA teachings...
6302638771|5.0|Mr. Stone accomplished exactly what he started out to do. Bring renewed public interest in the crime of the century.  Anyone who watches this film and assumes that everything in it is exactly the way it was, has been led  down the wrong path.  How could anyone know EXACTLY what was said and done  by the conspirators and key players before and after the assassination?   Oliver Stone has done an excellent job in his INTERPRETATION of the events  surrounding the murder.  Those who criticize it are either wearing blinders  or are afraid of something.  Maybe the truth?  Highly recommended to every  American citizen.
B000002LGQ|5.0|...Promise to try is one of my favourite songs of all time.<br />I love this album and it´s truly a work of art. listen to songs like: &quot;Dear Jessie&quot;. &quot;Oh FAther&quot;, &quot;To death Do Us Part&quot; and  promise To Try and you will find the deepest and most hidden parts of ms  ciccione´s soul.<br />Like A Parayer is an album that touches me and I Know  that Milliones of other people feel the same way too. We can´t be wrong so  buy it now.<br />kram/ kenny
1878424319|5.0|I have been reading metaphysical literature for twenty years and I've never had a book change my life so profoundly.  The teachings are practical and immediately useful.  Thank you don Miguel for this beautiful book!
B00000IQC8|3.0|as before mentioned by just about everyone here, clerks is by far one of the best movies ever made (infact it would be #1 if there were no evil dead trilogy), but my problem is that the DVD is simply too expensive. i mean  come on, you can pick up the VHS copy of the movie for around $10..yet it  costs 4 times as much to buy the DVD which is even cheaper to produce!  would you give these people (disney) that much extra money to kill you and  your family!? because that is what you are doing! taking hard earned money  from your pocket that is used to feed your loving family and just throwing  it away to disney which OBVIOUSLY doesnt deserve it now do they?! thats  right, we are all over you disney and we are going to shut you down at the  source!
B000001DV2|5.0|this is by far my favorite lepp, cd. i love this one the whole way through.some of the best songs include: tonite, tear it down, and i wanna touch you.if you dont already have this get it right now!
B000002JB8|5.0|This dreamy, surreal epic has become one of my favorites.  Sapphire bright seas, endless white beaches and twilight breezes seem to pour from my speakers as I listen to it; and I can believe in mermaids once more.  This  is a lovely and moving work...a mystical voyage for the soul.  And let me  add that the mermaids are quite beautiful.
B000002PEP|5.0|This is a very powerful type of blues, with heavy bass lines and of course, John Lee's throaty voice. Very laid back, not so much down in the dumps, but kind of grinning to yourself about your own situation... what I  like to call &quot;ballsy blues.&quot; Van Morrison and Elvin Bishop both  appear on this one- and Mr. Van makes a great duet voice with Mr. Hooker...   definitely my personal favorite blues album...
6304233639|5.0|This movie is so cool. I loved the part when the aliens blew up all of those major cities. I also liked how the movie got started quickly unlike movies such as It came from Beneath the Sea. A must see for any sci-fi fan  like me.
B00000JPHF|5.0|A mad doctor puts some electricity on a monster.  If you like scary movies, this movie is for you. I am going to buy this movie because I liked it so much.  My favorite line is when Dr. Frankenstein says, &quot;It's  alive. It's alive.&quot; I liked the monster because he looked bad.  Ian  Grant Thompson age 5.
B00000JCB2|2.0|I heard &quot;nookie&quot; on MTV 5 million times before i finally took the time to borrow the CD from my friends's brother. All i can say is that i'm glad i didn't spend $ on it. Nookie is my favorite song on the album,  but probably because its mainstream and catchy as hell. I really appreciate  what Fred Durst has tried to do here but he just couldn't pull it off.  Three Dollar Bill Yall is unlistenable at least in my opinion. But i hate  rap so if you like rap i'd recommend it over Significant Other. Getting  back to the music...No Sex and Rearranged are more melodic songs which are  slightly better than the rap-metal tracks which drag down the rest of the  album. However, rearranged just doesn't hold together and Fred doesn't have  the voice to do anything but scream. No sex is marginally better but if i  wanted good rock and roll, trust me i wouldn't have turned to limp bizkit.  In the end, Limp Bizkit is too rap for rock lovers and too rock for rap  lovers. Their idea is a good one but it just isn't my style.
B000005J56|5.0|This CD is wonderful stuff.  Buy it!  See the movie too, it's even better!  The reason the music on the CD is not the same as in the movie, is that they made the CD FIRST, then were inspired to go back and make a movie  about these incredible musicians.  Wish I could have gone along!!!!
630508999X|5.0|Scream2 is one of the greatest horror films if not the best horror films of wes cravens career.   The movie realy blends in with the first one but overall scream2 is better in lots of ways. For instance  scream 2 has more  bloodscenes/victims. What makes these films more horrorfying is the  realisticness of the overall afect.
B000002KKC|5.0|After 20 years, this studio masterpiece stands the test of time right up there with Pet Sounds and The White Album. It is Fleetwood Mac at it's creative peak with some of the most beautiful three part harmonies ever  recorded on tape. Rumours was great, but Tusk has so many golden moments  it's frustrating to think that the band didn't continue in this vein. The  fact that it was not a commerical blockbuster only makes it better; none of  us are sick of these tracks from overplay on the radio. Buckingham and  Nicks have never recorded at this level since - a requirement for anyone  who's serious about collecting the greatest folk/rock/pop albums of our  time.
6304007523|5.0|Great movie.I only wish they could have shown more of the fight.By the way,the last round was only 1 minute long if you time it.But that's Hollywood.
068484267X|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed Angela's Ashes. Even though he had a terrible childhood Frank McCourt was able to keep his sense of humor and his humanity. I don't understand the reviews that said it was so sad they  couldn't finish it. How can it be more sad for the reader than the man that  wrote it. He was able to find reasons to laugh in every one of his awful  situations (expect maybe when his siblings died).<br />I liked that he showed  us the hypocracy and hatefulness of the Catholic church and some of the  elders in his life. With all this negativity in his life it is amazing he  was able to keep his dreams alive.
B00000K2SC|3.0|Sheesh, where do i begin?  The Matrix is a statement on a very paranoid soceity we live in today.  With all the poisoned minds out there clutching and clinging onto worn threads of a forgotton reality, The matrix is their  salvation.  I have heard fanatics of this film calling it their  &quot;religion&quot;, I guess referring to the concepts and symols used in  the film.  Sci-fi is one thing in a realm all it's own, another time and  place.  The Matrix is not sci-fi to me.  It is paraniod delusion bordering  on insanity.  I feel sorry for people who are obsessed with this film. I  think they need a great BIG HUG.  I'm sorry, but the matrix is a fictional  account of one man's vision of how he perceives reality.  We are living in  a black and white world where no supernatural events have ever taken place  and never will.  What you see is all you get.  The only thing going on in  life is life itself and that's it!!  There is no big brother watching,  there is no alternate universe.  The Matrix is not real.  It's okay,  everything will be all right.  <br />The Matrix is a great visual spectacle  but that's about it.  The plot is far too complicated to follow and be  entertained by. The acting? Acting shmacting.  What is all the fuss about  here?  One extra star was added upon hearing Keenu say &quot;whoa&quot;  again.
B000002LCX|3.0|The honeymoon was over.  This is the sound of a bickering couple trying to remember just what they saw in eachother.  Next stop: divorce court, &quot;Electronic&quot; and &quot;Viva Hate&quot; -- too depressing for  words....
6302648750|4.0|This movie rocked. It was so funny at the end when Ernest ran away and the were painting on each other. My favorite part was when ernest pulled his wife down the stairs.
B00001U03Q|1.0|Clapton is a fantastically fluid and occasionally fiery guitar player, no doubt about it, but this compilation somehow manages to bring together his blandest, least interesting music. &quot;Pretending,&quot; &quot;She's  Waiting,&quot; &quot;Bad Love,&quot; all of that '80s MOR stuff, has not  aged well. And it sucked to begin with. The songs are hackneyed, the solos  perfunctory and cliched. In fact, I think Eric Clapton's 80's output is  some of the worst music ever recorded by a major artist, right up there  with post-Keith Moon The Who. It reeks of sellout. The only super-hack  track missing is his lukewarm cover of his own cover, After Midnight,  recorded for a Michelob ad in the 80s while he was struggling with recovery  from alcoholism. He should have spent the decade underground, the way Dylan  and Young did. Luckilly, the real deal is readily available, particularly  the sublime 461 Ocean Boulevard. You'd also do well to check out Blind  Faith and anything by the Cream.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This album joins Jump, Little Children's &quot;Magazine&quot; as one of the year's best. A total surprise -- this one will remain in my disc changer fo some time!
B00001QGPS|3.0|LYRICS: (3.5/5) Ya'll will probably hate me for this, but I don't think that the lyrics were all that on this album. Red and Meth have their style down so well, it seems as if they don't put as much effort into it as they  used to. It's like they just went through the motions with this albums.  Plus the hooks were pretty weak.<br />BEATS: (3/5) Ever since the Def Squad  album, Erick's beats have been sounding to similar. Not many of them stand  out as fresh. He needs to dip back into that style he used on Dare Iz A  Darkside, or Double Or Nothing. None of the beats are wack, but none of  them stand out either. Similar to the lyrics, it seems like Erick is just  going through the motions with the beats too, and not pushing himself to  expand and be more creative.<br />OVERALL: (3/5) The album kinda sounded like  a continuation of Doc's Da Name album, just this time, including Meth. It's  an enjoyable album, but it doesn't have enough spectacular material to  stand out. Plus, do we really need to include &quot;How High&quot;,  &quot;Big Dogs&quot; or &quot;All Rite Cha&quot;, all of which are already  their solo albums. They also lose points for having wackest rapper of the  year, Ja Rule on the album. Suprisingly, LL Cool J dropped a better verse  than him. LOL.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Eden is the main reason why.  Although I've known about Sarah for quite some time, I only became truly interested after watching her concert on PBS.  Then I bought &quot;Eden,&quot; as well as &quot;Time to Say  Goodbye.&quot;  From the first track on Eden, which is Eden, this album  left me breathless.  My personal favorites in addition to Eden are the  Italian version of the Titanic theme, Deliver Me, Nessun Dorma, Dust in the  Wind, So Many Things, the Last Words You Said.  Hey, wait a minute.  All of  the tracks are my favorites.  Seriously, I could listen to Sarah's sweet  voice every day for the rest of my life, I believe.  Right now, it is the  one thing that keeps me sane commuting through Washington, D.C., traffic.   My wife and I saw Sarah's concert October 12 at Constitution Hall in  Washington and I was further blown away because she seems to be a  terrifically nice person, as well as having the sweetest voice this side of  the angels.  I can't wait for her next offering.
0141301139|5.0|Our class, a fourth and fifth combination class, in Durham, California read &quot;Fantastic Mr Fox&quot; together in class, 19 students out of 27 students would recommend this book to a friend  This story took place  on three farms owned by farmers Boggis, Bunce, and Bean. Mr.Fox,the main  character, was forced to go underground because the farmers wanted to kill  him. One of the farmers shot off Mr.Fox's tail!      We liked this book  because it was funny. Mr.Fox is a happy and generous character. The Farmers  were also funny and mean. This book is action packed and is filled with  gross and silly situations.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This is the best CD I have honestly listened to in a long time! You have to get this if you like any kind of rock. It is truly amazing.
B0000060AK|5.0|This is not only the best recording of an Handel opera on CD but also one of the best recordigns of all time. The cast shines in general, but above all Anne Sophie von Otter and Lynne Dawson, the second one the best Ginevra  ever recorded. Ewa Podles is also a very impressive Polinesso. Les  Musiciens du Louvre play some of the most extraordinary soundigns ever  produced by a baroque orchestra. I still love the McGeggan version with the  'divina' Lorraine Hunt, but I won't exitate to advice this one, under  Minkowsky strong direction, as a first choice!
B000005RHR|5.0|First encounter at my local HMV store, under Ambient column. I was drew to attention as when I saw this compilation of Aphex Twins. It was a duo Vinyl record. When it was first played, I was entralled by the way this group  have arranged all its compositions. It sounds very soothing &amp;  attracting to me. I fall in love with their songs. Maybe is the nature of  vinyl reproduction of natural bass &amp; crisp treble, it further enhance  all the compositions which I describe it as beautiful soundscape as I  implied. Favourite tracks:Tha*,GreenCalx,Heliosphan,Schottkey 7th Path
067942850X|4.0|I purchased this book in hardcover just after it was released.  I knew nothing about it aside from what I read on the back and the dust cover.  I took it home and stayed up all night reading it.  The next morning I was  exhausted and drained of emotion, but was overwhelmed by what I had read.   I gave the book to my friends and they all finished reading it within three  days. I think people should not focus so much on the ending.  I have to  applaud Chris McCandles.  Only when we put it all on the line and even risk  our lives can we truly transcend.  I don't know what Chris was looking for  and I doubt anyone knows that, but it was obvious he was not looking for  the average American upper middle class life.  He tried to live it during  his college years, and realized that if you're not living the way you want  to live then why bother.  Yes he was young and idealistic, was stubborn, he  was carried away by his fancies, but inside we all envy him.  We all envy  his freedom, but we're all too trapped in the American convention to break  out.  Thus all we can do is read this book and live life through the eyes  of this brave individual.   Buy this book, borrow it from a friend and  remember we are all individuals first.  We must live our lives day to day  for us.
6304913176|5.0|Finally, a film that provides great special effects and a well conceived plot.  Also, believe it or not, a film without people smoking.  Looks like the tobacco lobby missed paying off the actors in this one. Can't wait for  the sequel.
B000001FDK|5.0|Oww!!!!!!It's such a great sounds!It brought back some sweet memories of mine!I simply nuts over the sounds!
B000001GBJ|5.0|I bought this CD because of the song &quot;Nocturne&quot;... my boyfriend is Norwegian and he recommanded this group to me.. I have their other CD 'Dawn Of A New Century&quot;..I liked it...but this one is even more  beautiful...I am so looking forward to have more of their CDs in my 'still  growing' CD collections ..If you are looking for something to listen  to...try this one :)
6304014457|5.0|I waited year for this work to be released on video just so that I could see the classic for myself.  I got so much more than I bargained for when I bought this video.  It isn't just classic horror; it is a true work of art.   I loved the settings, the acting, the story and everything else about the  film.  And I really loved the ending. I am sure that in its day it was as  startling to theater audiences and the ending of &quot;The Sixth  Sense&quot; is today.  In fact, when I finally realized what had happened  at the end, I was so caught off guard that I had to rewind that part of the  video to make absolutely sure I had seen what I thought I saw.  True fans  of horror films and serious students of film history in general, make all  haste to add this fine piece of film to your collection.  You will not be  disappointed.
B0000062Y2|5.0|If you are buying a JCS set, I urge you to listen to this set before buying another.  As is often the case when there are multiple recordings of a work, the first one you ever listen to often becomes the standard by  which you judge others.  I've never heard another JCS, and I don't care to.   Ted Neeley's voice expresses the right amount of emotion, self-doubt, and  questioning that are hallmarks of the Jesus role.  Judas is just  outstanding.  Mary Magdalene was not a good choice, but it doesn't get in  the way.  Pilate is quite good too I think.  But in my mind the biggest  reason to buy this set is Andre Previn conducting, more so than even Lloyd  Webber composing.  I respect Andre Previn as a consummate musician more  than I will ever respect Andrew Lloyd Webber(even though I feel this is the  best thing Webber has done).  Previn proves himself a master of many  musical genres, and he is fabulous here.  Also a note about the reviewer of  July 31,1999.  Shame on you for your bigoted remarks about one of the  characters sounding &quot;gay&quot;.  Besides reflecting a stereotype, it  is not relevant.  It only shows your own bias.  This is a great set.
B00000AFGM|5.0|Mechanical Animals is Marilyn's best Cd yet, in my opinion. His message is so true and I think his band is the best it's ever been. He's got a great ensemble and i can't wait until the Last Tour On Earth is out.
B000002KCC|5.0|All I can say about this album that above all others it captures Rock (with a bold capital R) music in all it's ugliness and excess. That something so disturbing can be filled with a certain grace, charm and it's  own kind of sister with a broken nose beauty is both fascinating and  alarming. Buy this. Hear reality as never captured as music prior.
0679601686|5.0|This is definitely a book I would want my daughter to read.  I first read it in high school and can not get enough of it.  I love the characters and storyline.  It is amazing the way she writes.  I love watching Elizabeth  and wishing she was a 90's woman who could tell Darcy what she really  thinks without worrying about the do's and don't's of her time.  I live for  the ending when Darcy calls her his most dearest Elizabeth.  Romantics this  is a book for you.
0451191153|3.0|The Fountainhead had always been compulsory reading during our highschool years.  I, however, only read it this month, 17 years after graduating from highschool.  The themes of the book are well-taken, and considering the era  in which they were first published, were probably considered quite  revolutionary and racey.  Themes of &quot;individualism&quot;,  &quot;counter-facism&quot;, &quot;censorship&quot; and  &quot;mind-control&quot; are still pertinent today and that is probably why  the book still has appeal today.<br />I felt though that such themes were  presented too much in a black and white manner--with not much room for  grey.  The characters were either over-zealous, adamant, idealists or  spineless louses. Toohey with his evangilism, Dominique with her  self-sacrifices, Rourk with his inability to budge, and Keating with his  manipulations. In the end--&quot;good conquers evil&quot; (what a  fairy-tale ending).<br />All in all a good read and keeps you thinking.
6304044836|2.0|How anyone could rate this movie higher than a 2 is beyond me...and a 2 is being generous!  I guess it would be okay if you had never seen the original Bogart/Hepburn version, but once you've seen the original this one  pales sorely in comparison!!  There is no spark between Ormond and  Harrison, and you can barely even understand some of her lines!  Be  smart...get the original and you'll be hooked...get this version and get  ready for a nap!
B000001Y42|5.0|First of all i think i should make clear with everybody: LB is not rap, and it's not rock, and it ain't metal either, because this is called HARDCORE. that's the kind of music that is half rapped, and half screamed,  and LB is the best thing that happened to this world since The Offspring.  Miss this and regret it for the rest of your life!!!
B0000296SI|4.0|Funny c.d. that really catches the tunes in your head.  I can't stop singing &quot;what's my age again&quot; and &quot;all the small things.&quot;  And I love their music videos!  They are so cool.  I love  them!!
0425129586|5.0|This book is filled with suspense, horror and everything there is to want in a book. Agatha Christie did a great job! I couldn't put this book down. Once you read it I'm sure you will love it.
0140072187|5.0|The incredible narrative of the author keep my attention from the first page. I can feel the fear of a mission, the fear of been shot by a bullet. I really fly every single mission with Mason. I can teel that I learn to  fly with him. Been a helicopter pilot helps understanding the evolution on  Mason skils when flying on Vietnam. The most surprising part of the book  was the last page.
B00000IOSU|1.0|For some time I have wanted a copy of the recording &quot;I Will Remember You.&quot;  At last I found it listed on Sarah McLachlan's &quot;Mirrorball.&quot;  I bought the CD and played that particular song  immediately.  Imagine my disappointment when she omits the first verse!   Did she forget the lyrics?????  What a waste of my money!
B000000WHX|5.0|This is great stuff. The music has kind of a jazzy, reggae, hip hop, techno kind of vibe. It sounds like smoking pot feels, draggy and sensual. The best tracks are Daydreaming and Five Man Army,with some great rapping  by Tricky. American MCs should take lessons from him. I like Safe from Harm  and Hymn of the Big Wheel, and One Love- hell, every song is GREAT! Buy  this album!  Amazingly, this came out the same time as Nevermind and  Loveless and Fear of a Black Planet. Has music gotten any better since  then?
B00000J2L8|5.0|Sellers is god!  Best performance and not to mention George C. Scott and amazing directing by Stanley kubrick.
0312954468|5.0|This is an epic of a rollercoaster, packed with sizzling gypsie
0312955006|3.0|Despite developing one too many culprits the guilty party was obvious. Ending was too John Waynish (i.e. kissing his horse and riding off into the sunset.) To paraphrase the homeless man, &quot;justice was not  happening.&quot;
0553573403|3.0|Though 'Thrones' is classified under fantasy, it doesn't actually fit, save for a few passages.  Outside of the Others and the Dragons, the majority of the book involves different nobles plotting for power, seizing  power, and fighting for power.  The book could easily have been set in  early Europe.<br />That notwithstanding, I was disappointed in 'Thrones'.  It's a fine novel, but not the exceptional read I was expecting based on  reviews.  Explicit sex..and too much of it.
0446310786|5.0|This book is really literature at its best. I really have enjoyed it the past five or six times that I've read.
0553573403|5.0|...that modern sci-fi authors apparently use.  Unlike the predictable plots of Eddings and Jordan, Martin keeps you guessing, twisting in your seat with anticipation.  His characters are rich and believable.  The  &quot;good guys&quot; are not the all-powerful gods of magic and warfare,  but are normal people, just like you and me, yet the magical element so  crucial to fantasy lurks in every page.  The author makes the reader both  despise and empathize with the villains.  This book, and its sequel, are  the most captivating novels to ever grace my bookshelf.  He is to be  commended.
B000003TA4|1.0|I can't figure out what so many people see in this. Nirvana, in my opinion, was a horrible band with a lead singer who couldn't sing, and Nevermind is the absolute worst of their four major CDs. I see nothing even  remotely appealing in it.
6301963717|5.0|In simply the best film ever by the Coen Brothers, Prohibition era mob films are jabbed at in a piercingly funny satire with the best credit sequence before Reservoir Dogs and Se7en and finally the acting is superb.  Jon Polito is the coolest. Gabriel Byrne is wonderful.
0446525537|5.0|This is the first book that I have read by Nicholas Sparks.  I can't wait to read his others.  It is definitely a &quot;one-sitting&quot; kind of book and I was completely taken in and touched by its story.  Its the kind  of book that when you finish, you must sit quietly for a while and think.
B000009ED0|5.0|I must say I am a little disapointed in myself for liking this CD so much. While the lyrics and  attitude (especially toward women)are not something I would want my children to listen to, I must say I truly appreciate the  uniqueness of this music. <br />The beat and flow of the music and lyrics make  this an entertaining and highly recommended listen. <br />The language and  themes of the songs make the CD inappropriate for anyone under 18, but that  should not discount the talent and uniqueness of Kid's music.
B000002J1C|5.0|Well, maybe not the best Yes album ever, it is my favorite album of all time by anyone.  I bought the 8-track (remember those?) in 1972 and &quot;The Yes Album&quot; has been my favorite ever since.  From the  opening instrumental punch of &quot;Yours Is No Disgrace,&quot; Yes takes  me on a delightful journey.  Too bad Yes concentrates so heavily on  releasing myriad versions of &quot;All Good People,&quot; &quot;Starship  Trooper,&quot; and &quot;Roundabout,&quot;  in their live recordings.   While they are excellent songs, I'd love it if Yes would release recent  live recordings of &quot;Yours Is No Disgrace&quot; and &quot;Perpetual  Change.&quot;  If you buy just one Yes CD, make it this one.
B000002TQV|5.0|Once you get past the creepy (now-dated) computer graphic cover art and buy The Bends, you won't be disappointed.  My favorite track is the lusciously emotional &quot;Fake Plastic Trees,&quot; which shows in its own  way why rock-n-rollers are the best lovers.  <br />This is one of the  essential must-own albums of this decade, two others being Pavement's  Slanted and Enchanted and Stereolab's Emperor Tomato Ketchup.  When I think  back to '95, the songs on The Bends were unjustly denied airplay while word  spread of the transcendent brilliance of this album.  Soon enough,  Radiohead were no longer washed-out one-hit wonders (read  &quot;Creep&quot;) and became something of an urban hipster's dirty secret.   If you jumped in on the Radiohead action at the OK Computer stage, I urge  you, if you have not already done so, to immediately buy and savor this  album.  It's amazing to me that The Bends was denied the broad-based  critical acclaim given OK Computer.
0780622650|1.0|This is one of the most unsatisfying movies I have ever watched. Man, I haven't seen it in a while (thankfully), so I can't really go into great detail, but the thing that stands out most in my mind about watching it was  how much I wanted it to be over. It was just really uninteresting. Rehashed  plot, dull, cliched characters, and it relied more on special effects,  which have all but ceased to impress me. Not recommended at all.
B00000JY1X|5.0|Maybe I shouldn't have done it, but the Spin Magazine review convinced me to plunk down for the whole thing; and boy, was it worth it.  This stuff is as good as it gets, I think.  Most of the songs are terrific in themselves,  but it is really the collection as an entirety that impresses: intricate,  ever varying, like love itself.  The musical quality (despite the low-fi)  is wonderful.  One comes away with unbounded admiration for Stephin Merritt  as an artist.
B00000G3PA|1.0|This is an absolute snoozer! What's the deal, Hollywood, do we really need a film like this? The plot is unrealistic even for an action movie! I mean, this is a genre where terrorists aim for your feet and ammo is unlimited!  And the plot still comes off as being far-fetched! It's amazing how  astronauts, who have been selected because they are the most qualified to  venture into space, must train for days, months, years to prepare for a  mission. Then a gang of high-school dropout oil drillers who have no  experience in anything that is even remotely related to space, can train  for a week or two and be fully ready for a venture into the final frontier.  Is oil-drilling expericence REALLY that important to planting this bomb  that we must send up inexpericenced idiots? Oh, and why the HELL is there a  chain gun on the ship? In case they need to SHOOT the asteroid to pieces?  What could a gun possibly add to the success of their mission? Are they  afraid of encountering little green men? But one thing's for sure,  that-thar gun sure did look cool... I think that epitomizes the whole movie  : It's not a film, it's a special effects showcase with a plot to tie them  together.
0517122707|5.0|Some people retire to play golf or go fishing or travel. I retired so I could have time to read.  I have read this book 7 times over the years, and it is simply the best novel I have ever read. I was reading it in the  Oakland,Ca. airport one day with tears streaming down my face from  laughing. Two people came over and asked the name of the book as they  wanted to buy it just from my reaction. I can pick up this book and open  any page and start laughing at the manic goings on. I cannot reccommend it  highly enough.
B00000JY1X|4.0|It takes some time to listen to this in its entirety and digest it properly.  On first listenings I've found it a relief that Stephin Merritt used other vocalists; his vocals are too monotonous to carry 69 songs.   There also seems to be less experimental arrangements than with other  Magnetic Fields albums.  Most of the tracks are acoustic or solo  instrumental-backed with occasional keyboard flourishes, and there's a very  strong country vibe to the album.  Overall, a very impressive feat, but not  always compulsive listening.
0380002930|5.0|Scanning through the previously posted reviews of Richard Adams's novel, &quot;Watership Down,&quot; one comes across a varied assortment of criticisms ranging from &quot;masterpiece!&quot; to &quot;terrible!&quot;   It amazes me that a work of fiction could evoke such an uneven response  from it's readers.  That is, until one more closely examines the ages of  the reviewers.  Most, if not all, of the negative reviews posted on this  site allege to be from high school and middle grade students who were  &quot;forced&quot; to read this novel as an outside reading assignment.  Of  course, a book is &quot;boring&quot; compared to the allure of the  outdoors, athletics, and the hypnotic charm of puberty.  There's too many  distractions when you're growing up: you're learning about life, about who  you are, and selecting your role in society.  Reading is not something that  can be &quot;forced&quot; upon you.  No one ever liked something they were  &quot;forced&quot; into doing.  Reading is something you have to discover  on your own when you're ready.  And if and when that time comes, read  &quot;Watership Down.&quot;  True, it will still be a book about rabbits,  but if you read it very carefully, you might just learn how to be a better  human.  When your boss comes down on you at work, or when the bill  collectors start calling, maybe you'll find yourself returning to the pages  of Mr. Adams's book, seeking the protection of Bigwig, the foresight of  Fiver, or the calming words of Hazel.  Trust me, as well as the other  reviewers on this site, and read the book.  And once you do, you'll be  comforted to know there really is a Watership Down in Great Britain, and  perhaps maybe, there is a heroic band of rabbits who live there, too.
1573226521|5.0|I'm an 18 year old high shcool graduate who hated reading books. My friend bought me this book and begged me to read it. So, i agreed just so i could get him to shut up, but to my surprise i ended up not being able to put the  book down. Now i want to read all of Alex Garland's books. I definitely  recommend reading this book!
B00000JLX0|5.0|Titanic I have seen it 28times what more can i say from its sweeping love story with the stunning effects as the backdrop have made this film the biggest ever i will always hold it in my heart. The Titanic Collectors  Edition is truely wonderfull and makes a wonderfull addition to anyones  Titanic Collection. I just hope to see the Cut Version on Special Edition  Soon.As this would truely complete the cinematic masterpiece.
B00000K19E|5.0|I left the movie theatre in OWE and had nothing to say it was so good
B000001E29|5.0|The song &quot;November&quot; is a kind of microcosm for this album, which evokes skeletal trees, looming clouds, piles of dead leaves, and harrowing winds. A post-halloween, pre-dead of winter atmosphere pervades this  record. While Tom Waits is a great original talent, with piles and piles of  brilliant  songs, he tends to &quot;show his hand&quot; too much, so that  his act is revealed as just that--an act. And since most of his material  depends on you buying into his persona(e), sometimes you come away  unconvinced.<br />Not here; and ironically, this is music for a stage  production. But I don't think I've ever heard Waits quite this confident in  his powers and so at home with his considerable gifts for settings, lyrics,  and performance.  In the instrumental &quot;Russian Theme,&quot; when he  &quot;counts off,&quot; you can see him flailing his arms at the musicians  to keep the music going. The recurrent themes of impending death are  perfectly complimented by gleeful black humor; lyrically and sonically, The  Black Rider holds together perfectly as a unified work.
B000002U3P|5.0|This record has the most beautiful song by lou Reed (Perfect Day)  I love all the songs on this cd.  If you like the cd, you'll love the movie, and vice verse....
0446525537|2.0|After reading Mr. Sparks' last two novels, I anxiously awaited this new arrival. I found it very disappointing. When the narrator tells you in the first few pages..that you &lt;the reader&gt; will laugh then cry....I did  neither of these. The whole novel sounded like a college entrance  essay...&quot;How I Spent My Senior Year&quot; or &quot;What Event Changed  My Life&quot; both of which..makes very boring reading. Im hoping Kevin  Costner doesnt pick this book up and decide to make a Movie of the Week out  of it.
B00000K19E|4.0|This was one of the best shows of 1999, easily the best science fiction, excluding Star Wars. We are never really told why Neo is the chosen one.  The special effects are great and the story is really riveting.  The story  is somewhat grim, but that is a touch that adds to its charm.  Some really  original ideas.  Definitely a show worth seing.
0767836286|5.0|Do not be deceived by the poor box office gross of this film.  Nor be persuaded by the critics lambasting of ARLINGTON ROAD.  Starring Jeff Bridges and Tim Robbins (two of Hollywood's most underrated actors), this  psychological thriller will blow you away (no pun intended).  While the  first half may seem slow, it's all building up to an edge-of-your-seat  conclusion that will make your jaw drop.  ARLINGTON ROAD may seem like it  was all given away in the trailers.  Listen well, reader: it was not.  After seeing it three times, I feel I find new intracacies each time.  ARLINGTON ROAD is a tale of modern-day paranoia, and it will leave you  questioning yourself about what to believe and not to.
1567184855|5.0|This book is for anyone who is trying to piece together and understand &quot;why we are here&quot;!!! Mr. Newton takes the reader to levels that &quot;trigger&quot;  mental and emotional challenges that only serve to  cause growth, understanding, forgiveness, and unconditional love not only  for the &quot;self&quot; but for ALL beings.  This book has changed how I  view life and I may never be the same again.<br />For every Season....There is  a Reason.
0792839129|5.0|I purchased this video for my son when he was 1-yr. old.  He was mesmerized.  A year later he is still captivated by this wonderful movie.  The music, characters, acting, direction and Ian Fleming's wonderful story  all add up to a delightful family experience.  Beats heck out of Barney and  Dumbo!
B000002UJQ|5.0|I hope that radio never gets a hold of this album.  it's absolutely amazing, an emotional, gripping record of stunning force.  it's a concept album, so people compare it to floyd, but in truth the musical intricacies  are far deeper and better...  takes a few listens, so don't judge based on  the few times your friend's made you listen to Karma Police or Let Down...
B000003N7K|5.0|In days of happiness, this CD lets me float. In days of depression, this CD eradicates my funk. In days of fatigue, this CD is a salve. I have close to 1000 CDs, and my fingers gravitate to this one more than any other.  Timeless classic? That is an understatement.  I fell in love with my wife  listening to this CD -- what more needs to be said?  Ah yes, the music:   Coltrane's masterful interpretation of the jazz ballad redefined the genre.   Combined with Hartman's scintillating voice, this production should be a  pillar of any jazz collection.  And for the casual jazz fan, this  incredible combination of saxophone and vocals will make a romantic out of  any listener.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This is an unbelievable album! Carlos Santana puts together music that puts today's artists to shame. The musical perfection of great instrument playing and compelling lyrics make this a must have album. This is true  music. Rarley do we hear truly unique sounds that do not copy someone  else's music. This is orignal and unreal. This music will put you in the  best mood. If you don't like it, I will buy it from you! This CD has made  it into my permanent mobile audio collection.
6305280711|3.0|I won't spend any time talking about the film.  Everyone else on here who says that is is a good film is correct.<br />The DVD however is one of the worst I've ever seen.  Whoever mastered it turned the edge enhancement up  way too much.  You see it the minute the Fox trailer comes on the screen  everything looks too pixelated.  The outdoor seens are by far the worst,  everything appears grainy and artifacts are made more apparent.  The indoor  scenes are bad, but barable.  Nothing like the ugliness that occurs  everytime McClane steps outside.<br />I have this film on LaserDisc also, and  I guess I would rather watch the DVD because there is less chroma noise and  the colors are better, but it is close.  This is a good film and it  deserves a better treatment than this.  Come on Fox, get with the  program.<br />One more thing.  This damn thing has the default sound in  2-channel, not 5.1.  I hate that.
6304078145|4.0|1. First saw this movie on Starz.. stumbled into the Misbehavers sequence and was riveted. Forced my husband to wach it with me next time it was on 2. To really understand the mindset you need while watching this movie,  note that Chuck Jones was it's creative director. Tim Roth is Daffy Duck.  Get it? NOW watch the movie. 3. The two kids in the Misbehavers sequence  are the real stars of the film, make no mistake of that. Roth should have  deferred billing. They combined are Bugs Bunny. 4. The reason Quentin  Terentino is boring and annoying is he's supposed to be boring and  annoying. ^. I have watched this movie over and over and over and over and  over and my husband is now conditioned to go into shock whenever he hears  that goofy little theme
B00000IAU3|5.0|After a brief glipse of &quot;Here with me&quot; on MTV at 4:00am (the only time they're permited to show music apparently..or anything that isn't a boy band) I bought the CD and haven't looked back since. Beautiful  lyrics, beautiful voice! If you like this, check out Esthero too!
630330608X|5.0|&quot;This cannot be&quot;, said a famous conductor after viewing this performance.  I thought the same thing after watching it too! Do not buy anything else untill you get this next.  It's Gould up close for about an  hour in the studio on a Yamaha grand piano. It's the most astonishing  display of piano virtuosity I've ever seen. Gould worked very hard to  produce this video and it was a very demanding task to complete.  We are  very fortunate that is was completed before Gould died about a year  later.<br />Very well produced and edited. This is how I wish all pianists  were filmed- long close up shots of the hands on the piano.   The audio is  stereo and I highly recommend watching this video on a stereo VCR with  headphones. You will feel like you are in the room with Gould.  You can  hear everything including chair noises, piano sqeeks, etc..  These noises  are infrequent and do not interfere with the music but actually add to the  whole experience.  If you don't like Gould's humming, surprisingly, he hums  very quietly here.<br />Bach wrote this masterpiece for double manual  harpsichord and this gave Bach the ability to write this great music with  long phrases where two hands can pass over each other and not bump together  (as they would on a single manual keyboard).   That's why only the best  pianists attempt to play this work- the two hands 'bump' into each other on  a single keyboard.  You'll see how Gould manages this difficult task with  apparent ease in a dazzling display of virtuosity. And you'll also see why  the keyboard cover on the piano was removed to facilitate the hands  crossing over each other. <br />This is one of Gould's most succesfull  accomplishments.  It's one of Bach's most enduring masterpieces.  Do not  hesitate.  Get it.
0451167716|5.0|HANDS DOWN,BAR NONE,WITHOUT A DOUBT THE GREATEST PIECE OF ANY FORM OF WRITING THAT ANY HUMAN HAS EVER CREATED. Shakespeare is a distant second!
6304806434|5.0|After reading some of these reviews, I have to get on my soapbox.  Sluggish action? That person must have lied about seeing the movie.  Racist?  That reviewer must have missed the beginning when a white male  (Cage) gets sent to prison for YEARS for a case of what was obviously self  defense. Also, like books, movies can be divided into fiction and  non-fiction.  This movie, folks, is FICTION.  Finally, I'm tired of the  folks who become omniscient AFTER they've seen the movie, and claim that is  was SO predictable. In the Boneyard, you have the convict's plane that is  mired in sand, the drug cartel's jet hidden in the hanger, Cusack has  arrived, and the FBI is arriving in the distance in a cloud of dust.  If I  stopped the movie at that point and ask people what was going to happen  next, I would have gotten a zillion different answers and none of them  would have been right!  I KNEW Buscemi was going to slice and dice that  little girl in the Boneyard, but it DIDN'T happen!  For you folks that  don't like action movies (or the violence), don't watch it and don't rate  it! I'm certainly not going to click over to Wuthering Heights and rate it  low because it was &quot;a predictable love story that lacked any semblance  of action.&quot;<br />Whew! Sorry about that, appreciators of action movies.  This was a great action movie with great characters and great special  effects.  Buscemi was fantastic ... &quot;Define Irong ...&quot; It kept me  on the edge of my seat the entire time.
0380973464|5.0|Stephenson's earlier books, while finishing abruptly, seemed crammed with ideas, and rushed.  This one is more leisurely, and even more fun to read.  Sure, it's 900 pages, but it reads quickly, and I think you'll find you  remember much of it long afterward (would that it were always so).  The  ending is less of a problem than before, though I never had much trouble  with his other conclusions.  If you are at all into math, do yourself a  favor, and don't be daunted by the heft.  He ain't William Gaddis.
B000001E8P|5.0|Different Class is one of the best pure British pop albums since the Beatles' Rubber Soul.  Songs like F.E.E.L.I.N.G.C.A.L.L.E.D.L.O.V.E, Disco 2000, Underwear, and Common People have been put together in such a  majestic and beautiful manner.  BUY IT.
0790729687|5.0|This is the best vampire movie ever with the best cast Antonio,Tom,Brad,Christen, and Kirsten were the greatest.I love vampires and this movie is the  greatest.I loved it!
B000002BVN|3.0|in theory,  releasing this kind of CD is a good idea: it gives fans something to dance to while they are waiting for the next album.  Here is the problem: only 7 songs are good (the first 5 new songs and the last two  tracks).  The whole album should have consisted just of those 7 tracks.  The rest of the album is trash, especially considering how talented this  guy is.  I am eagerly awaiting his nest REAL album.  Still,  the CD has  about 40 minutes of good music, so it is worth buying.
6303477259|5.0|I loved the PULSE album, and bought the video because I had heard so much about Pink Floyd's legendary live performances and wanted to see for myself just how amazing their concerts really were.  I got it, watched it, and  couldn't move until about 30 minutes later.  It just kept getting better!!!   The climax was &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;.  I was in disbelief.  Wow.  I  didn't think that Floyd would ever be able to make a better version of the  immortal song, but David Gilmour's BLISTERING solo at the end of the live  version...I almost cried.  It was bliss.  I wish I was there.  Get  this video.  Trust me...
B00000JPH5|5.0|After I watched Labyrinth for the first time, I was hooked.  I was only about six at the time and was sucked into the parallel that lives between fantasy and reality. I remember begging my father to let me stay home from  the first grade so that I would be able to watch my new found hero, David  Bowie.  To this day, anytine I see Labyrinth on television, I stop what I  am doing to watch it.
B000002KFJ|2.0|i cant believe the rest of the reviews for this album.  dont believe what they say . this album SUCKS!!  every album that preceeded this was far better.  on this album they are trying to seiously expand their sound  but  it just doesnt work!!  DONT BUY IT  IM WARNING YOU!!!!!!
B00000IJPU|4.0|If you remember these guys or were a fan &amp; kind of forgot about them. Then check out this hits package. It even has the recording of -          &quot;Running Free&quot; that was recorded in the &quot;Long Beach  Arena&quot; on a tour stop there.(Even though that wont mean anything to  anybody who's not from Southern California!) But a good bet for old  &quot;Maiden&quot; fans!
B00000JZI9|5.0|thee actors were very belieavable the scenery was at is finest the script in general was very well written
0593044703|4.0|Erikson just signed a 9 book deal to write a series based on the world he created in Gardens of the Moon.
6305014140|4.0|I guess once you have seen so many movies and anime you get to realize that the artwork, story line and creativity don't get much better than Ninja Scroll.  Although I believe that the ending could have been a little  bit more creative, who can complain with an anime (let's not bring movies  into this considering the fact that they are still horrible with creating a  realistic fantasy with all of the graphical abilities they have) that  delves into the fantastical by creating characters with powers that seem,  in some respects, impossible and limited.  I believe that this is a great  beginning for anime and hope that others do not sit around too long getting  a whiff of what people want and need.
B000002MY3|5.0|i think this album is one of the best of this decade (and century of course...) people who say they don't like it can't have listened to it...the songs are impressive, rocky and the lyrics are great...aaaand: i  hate it when people criticise alanis without being able to write her name  correctly (alnis, moriset, mocricete,.....)
0307160254|5.0|This is seriously the best book ever made! I loved it as a child, and still get excited as I read it (aloud of course!) It was the first book I ever bought for my younger cousins, and they loved having me read it to  them. My friends in Argentina also got a kick out of having me read it to  them, even though it was in english... my excitement was enough to make it  worth while! A definite must have for anyone's library. I'm just glad I  saved my self a golden book hardcover version, since I see that it is no  longer in print!
0380977281|4.0|I loved this book, Neil Gaiman is one of the greatest authors around. He's books are enjoyable and you begin to love the characters. This book, however, was not as good as Neverwhere. that's why it only got four stars.  plus it was a pretty flat fairytale that only got truely interesting at the  end. but still a great read, nevertheless.
B000001FI7|5.0|Portishead has yet to make a bad CD.  Collect everything they have put out and you will definitely hear something familiar.  Portishead has been used for backgroun music in many movies and this particular CD is one with the  most.  Buy it today and expand your music tastes.
B000000W6X|5.0|My only regret: they only have 3 albums
B000002ADT|5.0|Ever since listening to this album for the first time years ago, I have real trouble finding any jazz that can compare. Sigh.... If you want to be disappointed by all future jazz albums you buy, by listening to the  absolute BEST jazz recording ever, buy this at your own risk.  If that risk  is acceptable to you....  BUY IT NOW! You will melt the CD before it ever  leaves your player.  ;^)
B000001FDK|5.0|Without a question, probably THE best c.d. ever made.  And, I do have to disagree with one of the other reviewers.  I do have the original record from the Broadway version of Grease (which I saw) and it does not even come  close to the movie version.  However, I have to agree that most of the  time, Broadway cast recordings are better than the movie versions, but NOT  IN THIS CASE!  And in reference to ruining the movie by making it a  &quot;two person show&quot;, I think the producers knew what they were  doing, I mean, Grease (the movie) still holds the record for the most album  sales ever of a movie musical!  This c.d. contains some of the best 50's  music along with some of Olivia's classic tunes.  I still have my 8-track  verson of this one!!!
B00001QGPR|1.0|Whatever could have happened to David Bowie?  Kidnapped by beer-swilling music execs, he has been transformed into Chris Gaines. It must be some kind of twisted plot.
B00001U03Q|5.0|Sure he's put out more greatest hits albums than most artists put out CD's and yes there are always the same songs on them, but it's Eric Clapton. Clapton has the fan backing to do what he may. Look at it this way, at  least you don't have to go out and buy all of his albums seperately.
B000002TLX|3.0|Richard Marx certainly mastered the art of the radio hit.  At his best, he was a consistently tuneful songwriter with a knack for the big dramatic moment of a song.  Sometime in the early '90s, however, he slipped into an  MOR genericism which rendered his lightest moments toothless.<br />Blame  &quot;Now and Forever&quot;, his monster Adult Contemporary Hit.  Marx'  voice was never a solid one -- airy, distinctive, highly romantic and just  a tad puerile, it was a voice particularly suited to songs about youth and  youthful feelings.  His best recordings -- the almost corny sentimentality  of &quot;Angelia&quot;; the quiet longing on &quot;Right Here  Waiting&quot;; the love-got-burned pulse of &quot;Should've Known  Better&quot;; rebel without a cause on &quot;Too Late to Say Goodbye&quot;;  misunderstood outcast on the moving &quot;Hazard&quot;; downright sexiness  on &quot;Endless Summer Nights&quot; -- reflect this.  When trying for a  piece of stripped-down James Taylor-esque sound on &quot;Now and  Forever&quot;, though, or a rock song like &quot;Satisfied&quot;, he sounds  downright embarrassed.  &quot;Now and Forever&quot; shows how emotionally  unexpressive Marx' voice is; his voice is best used as a detached  instrument to evoke, not express, emotional content.  And  &quot;Satisfied&quot;?  Drowned out by the staccato guitar, uttering  embarrassing lyrics, or trying for real aggression -- Marx' voice sinks  like a rock on this recording. &quot;Keep Coming Back&quot; was an  intriguing direction, where Marx explores the atmospheric quality in his  voice and succeeds quite well.<br />I grew up on his music much like many  others in my generation.  Though I still enjoy his music, I think Richard  Marx has gone off on the worst direction possible -- edgeless MOR with  simplistic arrangements, and a blandness that is truly unbecoming.
0671027344|5.0|I LOVED this book unlike any other that I have ever read! Charlie's brutally honest and human view of life is what makes the book truly captivating. I felt as if I was right there with him, going through every  experience by his side. Please, pick up this book! It is more than worth  it. I just hope that Mr. Chbosky has a follow-up coming soon!
B00001U03Q|5.0|There can't be enough said for this album.  He has mellowed out some of his older material and added some new great songs which in my opinion just keep getting better.  He has aged wonderfully especially in voice.
0451169514|5.0|It is like downloading a game off the internet.  This book takes awhile to read, but it is worth it.  You will be looking under your bed every night you read this book.  It is scary, but yet so captivating that you will ever  want to put it down. A story which confronts childhood horrors head on.
B00000K2SE|4.0|Truly one of the best films ever conceived on the desktop.  Storyline, special effects, even Keanu's acting are superb.  Thought provoking on many levels, not your normal shoot 'em up, predictable action bore.
0312853238|5.0|&quot;Ender's Game&quot; was the most intense, fascinating book that I have ever read.   It brings a mixture of joy and greif to your mind, making you always want to read on.      An exhilating,  fantastic novel definitely  worth reading.
068484267X|5.0|Frank McCourt is a gifted storyteller and I found this book very funny even though the memories could have been just depressing. The point of view of a child was honest and not manipulative. The feelings and thoughts he  remembered to have are the same ones we all shared as children. The  memories, prejudice and culture are well weaved into a charming and  wonderful memoir. One of the best books I've ever read.
0140281622|5.0|I cannot believe anyone would call this book boring. To do so is an act of utter ignorance. As a teenager,I admit that it took me 4 tries to get past the first 5 chapters, but once I did, I could not put it down. The book is  one of the greatest works of this century. If it does not stand the test of  time, I vow to eat my copy of it. READ IT!
B000009ED0|5.0|I don't normally listen to Rap music.  I heard &quot;Cowboy&quot; on the radio.  I bought the CD just because I liked that one song.  As it turns out, the whole CD ROCKS!!  The music is real edgy and seems to reflect on  some real life experinces of Kid. The lyrics, though explicit, are comical  and you get a chuckle from it.<br />So, if you're like me and like Rock but  not necessarily Rap, give this CD a listen; You won't be disappointed!
B00000JGOH|1.0|George C. Scott, who recently passed away maintained that OSCARS are not always awarded on the basis of actual merit. This movie proves that notion.
B000001Y42|1.0|I truely cannot beleive that this band is as popular as they are.  I can't make sense of it.  Their song &quot;faith&quot; gives me a headache, it don't understand how they got permission from George Michael to ruin his  song.
