B000002KNU|4.0|Talking Heads, here on their debut album, set the stage with the underpinnings of their sound: a jittery, angular, guitar-driven motoric affair punctuated by the pronouncements of David Byrne. Byrne is something  of the key to this. While the band chugs along with a brittly-funky groove,  he interjects with lyrics that're at once sung, then spoken, then blurted  out like punctuation, and even sometimes howled. It's a nervy,  brave-sounding approach...and it works. The performances captured here, in  fact, are perhaps the most reflective of their live sound of the time; I  had the pleasure of hearing a live broadcast from this album's tour, and it  was amazing to note how well the band pulled off the material, much as it  sounds here. The drawing of the blueprint, to be sure, which would be  slowly expounded on by Brian Eno et al as the band grew and time passed.  And, I should note, this is an album that codifies 'New Wave' in a far  better fashion than the Music Industry's type-casting of that term ever  managed; more Godard, less ad-dept. hackwork!
B000000Y87|5.0|When I was in my first exploratory phase of vintage jazz, during college sometime, I was wandering aimlessly in a record store in Rochester, New York called \\"The Record Archive\\". I had NO idea which jazz album  to buy (since there are thousands out there). I kindly asked the guy  working there which album he would recommend. He said \\"Bill Evans -  Sunday At The Village Vanguard, as long as you don't mind some people  talking and glasses clanking in the background.\\" Well, I can never thank that guy enough since this amazing album has become my FAVORITE  jazz album ever, out of a collection of hundreds. The interplay between  LaFaro and Evans is so unbelievable, it's almost scary!  Never have I  heard such an almost telepathic communication between two musicians  (possibly with the exception of Frank Zappa and Vinnie Colaiuta on  \\"Shut Up 'N Play Yer Guitar\\"). This album displays the greatest  upright bass player IMHO to ever grace the jazz scene, Scott LaFaro. Sadly,  LaFaro died just ten days after this recording (which when listening, adds  a sort of haunting quality which really cannot be put into words). Evan's  piano voicings are just about the most profound and beautiful you are to  ever find in any style of music. Please, buy this album!  And listen to it  over and over. It will change your life. It did mine.
B000007SPU|5.0|I'm not kidding there. On &quot;Filigree and Shadow&quot;, Ivo Watts-Russell and his cast of 4ADers come together to create a darkly glittering mass of atmospheres. There's songs here, yes, and there's some  amazing instrumental pieces and transitions, but this is one of those  albums that begs to be taken as a whole, at one sitting. If anything could  be considered a symphony for ambience, this might be it. Easily one of the  ten best underrated/unknown releases of the 1980s, this album contains  moments of beauty in such a number and of such a broad sweep that it's  really not possible to single one thing out as a prime example of how  wonderful it is. The _whole thing_ is wonderful...which might seem  unlikely, but I assure you, in this case, it's true! Dark, often washed  with mystery, lush and enveloping yet always remaining just beyond perfect  reach, this is a high water mark from which TMC and, for that matter, 4AD  itself could only roll back away from after its achievement. Strongly,  urgingly, and unconditionally recommended!
B0000009TK|5.0|That's the noises jazz guys make when they are improvising or blowing their wad as some like to call it. Well, Zappa used to poke fun at these people and there is no exception on this outing. But let the truth be known  - for the musician's on the stage for this particular incarnation of Zappa  music are all amazing jazz musicians and all have prodigious chops to show  off all that talent (and therefore have the right to poke fun at  themeselves). This group of twelve of the best musicians on the planet (in  any genre of music) play like I've never heard any before them. There are  so many amazing moments on these two discs that I could write an entire  book on this one album. But a few highlights (especially for the jazz cats)  - the guitar solo by Frank on the tune &quot;Cruisin' For Burgers&quot;  might as well be the greatest guitar solo you'll ever hear in this  lifetime. Another amazing moment is the middle section of &quot;Alien  Orifice&quot; where guitarist Mike Keneally realizes Zappa's impossibly  difficult scored melody (and if that wasn't enough - listen to this same  passage how it is doubled on marimba, alto, tenor, bari, trumpet, trombone,  and keyboards). This music is mindblowing on all accounts, and lover's of  great progressive rock (Crimson, Genesis, Yes, and others) who obviously  respect talented musicians owe it to yourself to check out this disc -it  will leave you speechless.  Another amazing Zappa record in his MAMMOTH  catalog. Full of jazz noises too, in all the right places...
B000007SPT|5.0|This is the first full-length (but not the first release...that would be the &quot;Sixteen Days&quot; EP) by what might be termed the '4AD All-stars', marshalled by Ivo Watts-Russell. More song-centric than the  following &quot;Filigree and Shadow&quot;, this is by far one of the most  interesting and beautiful debut albums of the 1980s. The arrangements are  often very sparse, consisting of little more than carefully-chosen and  simple playing that accentuates both the lyrics and the mood of the songs.  These are interspersed with several instrumentals, all of which are some of  the finest ambient-pop I can think of, easily up there with some of Eno's  middle-period work. But what comes across here is how, like a very  carefully-arranged room, the tracks seem to need no more, and no  less...they're all perfect. Especially beautiful and haunting is, of  course, the cover of Tim Buckley's &quot;Song to the Siren&quot;, which has  almost nothing to it as far as its arrangement, yet sounds more powerful  than a Mahlerian orchestra at full-tilt in terms of emotional content and  atmospheric evocation. TMC and Ivo had a lot of lessons to teach here in  terms of what one could do with pop tunes (much of TMC's stuff is, in fact,  covers!) as well as the modern studio, but the real grad-level course was  yet to come on the subsequent release. Still...five stars, and truly  amazingly beautiful, with only its own releases to really compare TMC's  work to.
0783240287|5.0|I received my DVD last Friday and my daughters and I have watched it over and over...we've even turned on the subtitles so that we can sing all of the words.  There is not a single thing I would change about this  production. I read other reviews that had problems with the sound quality.   We've had no problems so far.  I loved Donny Osmond &amp; Maria Friedman.   They both did a great job. It's been wonderful to sit (&amp; dance) with my  girls...sure beats watching Pokemon! While the Biblical order is a little  off, you'll find enough of it there that if you know the story you can fill  in the rest for the kids. Overall a great musical and a great story. Buy  it!
B000002L80|4.0|This album, after the dizzying rush from their second thru their fifth, is somewhat of a subdued affair. But it deals so handily with issues that hit closer to the listener that the low-key-ness of it seems appropriate. On  here, David Byrne turns his lyrics back toward everyday observations,  albeit ones which often have a wry, weird, altered twist to them. The  band's sound turns away from the complexities of their multi-ethnic sound  of the previous few releases to embrace elements of country and gospel, as  well as straightforward pop music. Unfortunately, a couple of the tracks  here really start to seem like 'filler', whereas before, there were  virtually no unimportant tracks on Talking Heads albums from &quot;Fear of  Music&quot; thru &quot;Speaking in Tongues&quot;. Still, a satisfying  collection nonetheless, one which has a wonderful sing-along appeal,  especially with the closer &quot;Road to Nowhere&quot;.
B000009ED0|4.0|I have to admit, &quot;Devil Without A Cause&quot; was not a CD that I would put on my &quot;of course I liked it list&quot;.  My taste is that of a conservative... usually light, and often without profanity.  However, Kid  Rock's CD is worthy of being bought.  It has amazing songs that are well  written, and allow the listener to get &quot;pumped&quot;.  If you are  interested in an above average CD, then you are in luck.
B000002KNY|5.0|This album is a bleak thing, even on picking up the cover. Originally released in a manhole-cover-textured embossed black sleeve, the forbidding industrial appearance of this album definitely provided a clue as to where  David Byrne's mind was going to be at on the inside. Starting out with a  Hugo Ball lyric with no meaning, this ride hurtles thru many dark and  darkened aspects of life at the time. And although it sometimes hits an  upbeat tempo (&quot;Life During Wartime&quot;) or major key  (&quot;Heaven&quot;), there's always the clear and present sense of danger  and menace lurking just around the corner. The funk elements grow even  deeper, and the atmospheric weirdness courtesy of at-this-point  collaborator Brian Eno frequently hits a deluging, assaultive tone,  especially on &quot;Memories Can Wait&quot; and &quot;Drugs&quot;. A  panicked, claustrophobic album that perfectly evokes America on the brink  of the 80s, at the height of the Cold War, and the cusp of its abrupt shift  to the Right. This is the Heads at the start of their peak of power, which  would continue thru to the follow-up, &quot;Remain in Light&quot;.
B000021Y77|4.0|I'd hesitate to call this a masterpiece but it's about as much fun as any movie I've seen in recent years.  It's relentlessly thrilling to watch, fresh-looking, well-acted, and the soundtrack complements the  adrenaline-charged action perfectly.  Don't expect your life to change,  just expect a great time.
B000002KZ6|5.0|This is perhaps the final album of true great power for the Talking Heads, and even on here, their turn in a purely pop direction can be noted rather strongly. It's a shame that this doesn't come in the original (and limited)  Robert Rauschenberg packaging, as the ever-altering accumulation of clutter  and debris shown on that is a good metaphor for this album; after the final  dizzying explosion/implosion of &quot;Remain In Light&quot;, this album  returns the Heads back to the debris of the streets and the real world, to  begin anew the observations and to examine their surroundings. Again, the  strong funk influence is here, but it seems tempered...perhaps with a new  lightness. And the atmospherics of Mr. Eno are definitely curtailed in his  absence. But this is like the amazing denouement, the closing of the  curtain on the bewildering world this band plunged everyone thru in the  flight from &quot;More Songs...&quot; to this release. One could say that  the final track here sums it up...we're 'home' again. A wonderful,  interesting album...not as weighty and portentious as what came before, but  we've certainly learned quite a bit through the trip.
6303965415|4.0|I enjoyed the movie, however, at times I found the movie could use more intense scenes between the two stars during the movie instead at the end. The starring actress was plain yet such a sweet person, her beauty came  from within. You will enjoy this movie if you are a Jane Austin fan.
0790734060|5.0|The first time I viewed this video was when I took World History in Summer School.  I now regret taking World History then, but I do not regret viewing 'Amadeus'.  It is a suberb film with the comical portions balancing  out the serious portions.  My major complaint is that the volume is a  little low.  When I had turned it up and then stopped the video, the TV was  blaring at me.  Other than that, all of the actors and actresses gave  suberb performances.  One interesting note is that two characters are  played by actors who also played characters in '1776'.  I'm not certain of  the characters' names in 'Amadeus', but I know one of the two played Dr.  Lyman Hall of Georgia and the other played Mr. Samuel Chase of Maryland.   If you are at all interested in historical drama, the history of music, or  Mozart, this is a must.
B00000JGHM|5.0|The characters are powerful and well developed. The cinematography is beautiful with tight, defined views. Notably, the director, Michael Mann, has a great eye for consistent detail. This is one of the only movies where  actors actually reload their weapons and visibily carry spare ammunition  with them in scenes BEFORE they have to use it.<br />What really sets Heat  apart is an incredible firefight sequence as the robbers leave a bank. The  police arrive and tremendous gun fight ensues. The raw energy of the  weaponry leaps off the screen. You feel the robbers' CAR-15s (compact  M-16s) rocking under full automatic and hope that you are never on the  receiving end of such a barrage. The police respond in kind. All the  weapons have different sounds. You feel the bullets whiz by, strike cars,  and their targets. A wide array of automatic weaponry is used. With a good  multimedia system, I can imagine viewers flinching.
B000001FDQ|1.0|What is everyone talking about?  I'm a huge fan of Jason Becker, and I am always looking for music that is equivalent to Jason's.  In fact I came in contact of this CD because I let my friend borrow a Becker CD.  Anyway I  was excited about geting to listen to this CD because all of the good stuff  I hear about Yngwie.  BUT, when I sat down and listened to the CD I noticed  Yngwie's music is the most overrated guitar vomit I have ever listened to.   I will say that Yngwie is a talented musician.  And I will say I did like a  few bits of this album.  Altogether though this CD is just worthless.  The  composition of his music is just 'BLAH', and he has no variety.  If you  have heard about how &quot;great&quot; Yngwie's music is I suggest you  listen to some of it before you go by one of his CDs.  You could be very  disapointed.  For the Yngwie fans that read this review I suggest you  should try some Becker and wake up.
B00001U03Q|4.0|I think the selection of songs on this album does a good job describing how diversified Clapton is. My only complaint is that they chose the techno version of Get Lost(I) over the wonderful accoustic version (II). Highly  enjoyable.
B00004RFDW|5.0|Watch closely as Jeffrey Wigand (Russell Crowe, in an unbelievably natural and outstandingly good performance), after having lost his family, his reputation, and almost everything he has, begins to teach his first  chemistry class.  By way of introducing himself, he says to his students  something to the effect of &quot;call me whatever you like.&quot;<br />When  we have reached this point in the movie, that seems cynically appropriate.  Also cynically appropriate is the prop he chooses to use in class for the  intital experiment.  A butane lighter.  A little cigarette lighter.<br />As  all his problems have stemmed from the tobacco company he used to work for,  which now is harassing him, threatening him with jail, and worse. It is  ironic that this little lighter pops up briefly in this scene.  Yet it is a  testament to the director, Michael Mann: he doesn't miss a trick.<br />This is  one beautiful docudrama.  Seamlessly put together, with cautious acting by  Al Pacino as the CBS &quot;60 Minutes&quot; producer Bergman to whom Wigand  first comes under duress of his conscience, with a perfect script and a  complicated theme, it is well worth watching more than once if you are a  true movie lover.  So, watch it more than once. Once for the acting: for  Pacino; as I have said, who is understated, true, and pure in his portrayal  of a newsman who has the confidence of a winner in the &quot;news  game&quot; and learns the hard way it isn't that simple...that it isn't  really just a game after all...for Christopher Plummer, who, playing Mike  Wallace, has now redeemed himself forever, in my eyes, from his turn as  Captain Von Trapp... and of course, for Russell Crowe, who as Jeffrey  Wigand, affects every scene with his subtlely powerful depiction of a man  torn between what he knows is right and what he knows will happen to his  life if he chooses the ethical path. It's not easy having convictions if  you work for a tobacco company, even if you simply are passionate about  chemistry-- and that seems to be why he ended up there to begin with. As  with the lighter he chooses to use in chemistry class, the love of science  was what put him in the position he found himself in. What happened next  makes us wonder about ourselves, our country, and convictions in general.<br />Watch it one more time for the plot:  You have the big  business machines versus the little guys in two aspects and more: The  tobacco industry vs. all of us, the tobacco industry vs. Weigand (what they  do to him is disgusting), and the tobacco industry vs. CBS.  Then you have  CBS corporate/legal affairs vs. &quot;60 Minutes&quot;.  Then you have  &quot;60 Minutes&quot; tearing itself apart under pressure--the scene  between Pacino and Plummer when Plummer, as Wallace, explains why he can't  stick up for the story as it stands is worth the price of the video  alone.<br />Watch it once more for the photography.  If you like good shots  and interesting photgraphy, you've got it here.<br />Finally, watch it for the  sheer pleasure of seeing a masterwork unfold in front of you.  It's long:  but you'll be glad. It's worth it.<br />best wishes,<br />Jean<br />ps:  I used to  smoke Kools.  I am wearing a patch as I type this.<br />pps:  If you need one  more, &quot;just for fun&quot;, reason to watch this movie, try counting  the number of cell phone and general phone call scenes in it.  You will not  BELIEVE how many there are!te about   chemistry-- and that seems to be why he ended up there to begin with. As  with the lighter he chooses to use in chemistry class, the love of science  was what put him in the position he found himself in. What happened next  makes us wonder about ourselves, our country, and convictions in general.                      <br />Watch it one more time for the plot:  You have the big  business machines versus the little guys in two aspects and more: The  tobacco industry vs. all of us, the tobacco industry vs. Weigand (what they  do to him is disgusting), and the tobacco industry vs. CBS.  Then you have  CBS corporate/legal affairs vs. &quot;60 Minutes&quot;.  Then you have  &quot;60 Minutes&quot; tearing itself apart under pressure--the scene  between Pacino and Plummer when Plummer, as Wallace, explains why he can't  stick up for the story as it stands is worth the price of the video  alone.<br />Watch it once more for the photography.  If you like good shots  and interesting photgraphy, you've got it here.<br />Finally, watch it for the  sheer pleasure of seeing a masterwork unfold in front of you.  It's long:   but you'll be glad. It's worth it.<br />best wishes, <br />Jean<br />ps:  I used to  smoke Kools.  I am wearing a patch as I type this.<br />pps:  If you need one  more, &quot;just for fun&quot;, reason to watch this movie, try counting  the number of cell phone and general phone call scenes in it.  You will not  BELIEVE how many there are!
630575067X|4.0|the film Phantom Menace was just beyond the original films. The special effects were way advanced,the script should of had better dialouge, none of the less this film was the best film from Star Wars. But still it doesn't  capture the essence of the first three films.
6303168507|5.0|The best movie ever and Oskar Schindler is one of the greatest heroes of the 20th century.
630575067X|1.0|The movie was CORNY. don't bother if you don't have it. you're not missing much.
6305750750|5.0|The movie was great seeing it at the movies and then on tape.  But I just do not understand why Lucas would push extreme sound effects and awsome lighting effects only to have the movie waste away on VHS.  Tapes are not  indestructible like DVD's and you don't get the full quality like you can  on DVD.  I know he got pretty steamed when copies of Episode I where  hitting the internet before the movie even opened.  Not all of us want a  hacked copy of the Episode I.  I know the truth behind the matter though.   The rich only want to be richer.  We are more than likely going to be  buying Episode I two more times anyways.  I'm sure Lucas will release a  trilogy set when all 3 episodes are done, then he will release trilogy set  special edition and then he will release a box set of all six episodes,  then he will release a dvd set of both trilogies regular version, then  special version and so on.  Lucas get out of the 80's and into the 2000 and  release this movie on DVD already, your killing us by making us wait so  long.  I can't believe that The Last Starfighter and Spaceballs are on DVD  and you are still living in the 80's with VHS.  Geeez
B00003CWRX|4.0|Okay, just too let you know ahead of time, this is NOT a sterotypical summer blockbuster.  Nothing blows up, CGI monsters do not threaten the planet, Al Pacino doesn't get to kill anybody, and there's no Will Smith  song in the credits.<br />There, now that's out of the way, THIS IS A GREAT  MOVIE.  Al Pacino gives a more restrained and disciplined performance than  we've seen in other recent displays, and it's stunning.  Russel Crowe gives  the best performance of his career and possibly the best performance of the  year.  Michael Mann's direction is, as always, slick, atmospheric, and  never condescending.  He doesn't cater to the audience by spelling out  every little detail, he forces you to make some of the judgements for  yourself that a lesser director may have turned messy in their  explanation.<br />The plot is complex and always twisting, but never tedious  (unless of course your LOOKING for the afore mentioned &quot;blockbuster  traits&quot;).  It involves Crowe as a tobacco corporation health  researcher who is fired after refusing to take part in the controversial  cover-up and exploitaton of a new cigarette drug additive that would boost  sales but endanger lives.  When his former employers begin delivering  alomst mob-esque threats, Crowe gives his story, and a tell-all interview,  to Lowell Bergman (Pacino) of 60 Minutes, only for both of them to find  that if they air these facts, CBS could face a billion-dollar lawsuit from  the tobacco corps through a loophole in Crowe's Confidentiality  Contract.<br />I don't do such a great job of explaining really, so check it  out!  Just take my word for it, great movie!
0131103628|5.0|The authors are very knowledgeable. It contains everything you want to know about C. Many great examples, it helps me learn C++. I am a student and it is a easy reading book.
0671001256|4.0|fitzerald once again entertains us with the same basic plot but with different characters. it's amazing that an author can continually draw the reader into a story that sounds vaguely familiar with characters that have  similar weaknesses. his magic is in bringing that golden era to the  present. it's like reading an autobiography of the author himself. the  emotions, the enjoy life at all costs attitude, the failures and successes.  it's all there as in his other works. in his day some of fitzeralds works  where met with minimal praise. we love him more today because he is one of  the only authors that have described that era so intricately.
B00003CWPR|1.0|How very sad that the great master Kubrick should have this awful mess as his final offering to the world. Cruise is impossibly unbelieveable and Kidman shows her &quot;talents&quot; as it were several times. The score is  also pitiful. One of the worst films I have ever seen. Definitely a rental.
0783240503|5.0|I had never seen the stage production but now after seeing the DVD.. I wish I had! I have always been a huge fan of Andrew Lloyds Webber and Tim Rice's &quot;Jesus Christ Superstar&quot; but was apprehensive because I  had the mindset of &quot;Donny Osmond&quot; still being a teen idol but  after seeing the DVD I loved Donny Osmonds way of pulling off a naive young  man and then a grown man at the end... Maria Friedman's expressions to the  children and wonderful voice left me humming and singing the songs to the  point I had to go buy the soundtrack for in the CAR!  The way her and Donny  &quot;ham&quot; it up in the movie left me in stitches! I was so  disappointed that the only soundtrack cd with Donny Osmond as the main  character did NOT have Maria Friedman as well.. Instead it is the original  Canadian cast and find it lacking so much from the movie :(<br />I plan to buy  a special copy in VHS format for my young daughter who lives with her dad.   I think she will love it!  <br />If you are hesitating about buying it because  of Donny Osmond.. DON'T hesitate any longer!  Like I said, I regret not  having seen it now a few years ago when he came to Milwaukee!
B000002U82|2.0|The Wall\\" was the apogee of the Pink Floyd legacy.  There isintersubjective consensus regarding the importance of this legendarygroup.  It has the conceptual prowess that \\"Dark Side of the Moon\\" lacks with its ennui and attempt to sell out.  It is safe to say that Pink Floyd is the reason why overindulgence in the studio was so common and accepted.  If it was not for \\"Dark Side\\" there would have never been such studio creations like Fleetwood Mac, Steely Dan or the Eagles.  If \\"Dark Side\\" never committed the royal scam, would there have been any reason for a great rock n' roll swindle?  One good thing that resulted from this release was the emergence of punk rock.  If there were no \\"Dark Side of the Moon\\" would there have ever been a Johnny Lydon (Rotten) or Sid Vicious?  Lydon wearing an \\"I hate Pink Floyd T-shirt was in reaction to the overindulgence of the `70s British art rock scene. This album may have been reason why so much of the London youth were shaving their heads and breaking the milieu that the `60s left behind.  It was the apotheosis of Pink Floyd that alienated the British youth with their canonical values and pedestrian studio albums.  Pink Floyd by 1973, the release of \\"Dark Side\\" had lost their live music energy that was so clearly displayed on the \\"Live in Pompeii\\" video.   \\"Dark Side of the Moon\\" was just a weak attempt to regain the creative equinox Pink Floyd displayed on \\"The Pipers at the Gates of Dawn\\" and \\"A Saucerful of Secrets.\\" England already had King Crimson, Emerson Lake and Palmer and Yes.  Didn't England have enough pretentious art rock bands.
B000002UJQ|5.0|OK, I'm not going to go into technical detail about each track on OK Computer - the songs will mean something different to different people. Besides, the whole experience of listening to Radiohead's masterpiece is  cheapened through dissection. I listened to the album last night for the  first time in a few months. It was one of those stormy April evenings when  the the sky is dark with clouds but the sun is defiantly trying to break  through as it sets, creating a strange,  eerie atmosphere. OK Computer is  much maligned as serious prog-rock for intellectuals and miserabilists, but  as I lay on the couch letting the music wash over me, I experienced some  kind of spiritual trancendence. You have to feel it in your blood and in  your bones and, ultimately, in your heart. Modern life is 99% superficial,  boring, frustrating and cheap. The other 1% makes me glad to be alive. We  must cherish Radiohead for their ability to create beauty. That's all I  have to say.
630575067X|3.0|Well, I have to admit. I didn't actually see the Star Wars trilogy until it was re-released in movie theaters. I was very impressed with the imagination of Mr. Lucas...until this movie. Granted, it had great special  effects, but I have to agree with the critics that there was too much that  was in the grey. I know I am in the minority on this, but I hope Episode II  is a little less offensive.
B000000WF0|3.0|I don't find The Verve objectionable, just frustrating. RichardAshcroft is undoubtedly a talented and passionate guy, and Nick McCabea very gifted guitarist - The Verve had a certain alchemy.... but it should have been so much more potent. Their first two albums display this frustrating tendency towards self indulgence. For every Slide Away, This Is Music and History there are three or four irritatingly long and overblown tracks which kind of spoil the effect - and it's the same on Urban Hymns. Of course it starts with Bittersweet Symphony, a very good track. Sonnet, however, reminds me of Spandau Ballet's True, and the lyrics, if you'll forgive me, are pretty trite &quot;Yes, there's love if you want it, don't sound like a sonnet, my love&quot;. It's not exactly Baudelaire is it? The Rolling People is a stirring effort and The Drugs Don't Work starts marvellously, continues marvellously, but doesn't know when to stop..... Richard Ashcroft seems to equate 'soul' with yelping and shouting at the end of songs when they could mostly finish a couple of minutes sooner to much greater effect. Don't get me wrong, I've nothing against long songs - Paranoid Android, I Am The Resurrection and Suede's The Asphalt World are all extraordinary, but they aren't gratuitous. I really struggle to listen to Urban Hymns all the way through, which can't be good considering that History and This Is Music are two of my favourite songs by anyone.
B000002LFZ|5.0|Such a delight to experience the &quot;beat&quot; and &quot;passion&quot; of such a group, that will most certainly stand out as a tribute to our era in time.  Surely the angels smile down upon all who are swept away with  this gift, as given.  Just love it!
0688170528|5.0|Reading this book is like watching someone open and disect a wound.  It was painful to go through the pain with the families.  My heart broke with them as they dealt with their loses, but I could relate to the feelings  that Emily had in dealing with her future.  I couldn't put the book down  until the end, and often while reading the book I cried.
B00001QGPR|4.0|At first listen I was disappointed.  It seemed flat and monotonous.  No single  track stands out as brilliant, the styling seems a bit derivative (I always think \\"XTC\\" when I hear New Angels of Promise),  and the lyrics  are repetitive song to song.  But for whatever reason it has a refurbished  Bowie hook that hooked me, an echo of the David Bowie I grew up with  perhaps.  As a whole the album works and works well.  The liner note design  is forced, commercial, and annoying.  But don't judge the album by its  cover.   Buy and hold.  And enjoy.
0792153367|3.0|...and it reminded me of the first time I saw this movie. I was about 12 at the time. Hepburn plays the main character Holly Golightly who's supposedly a call girl (in those days that topic wasn't clearly mentioned on the Silver Screen--not until MacLaine did \\"Irma La Douce\\" a few years later), but the first time through I didn't know what that meant (maybe a telephone operator?). It's unclear throughout whether Holly had any \\"visible neans of support\\", though. It takes some doing to follow Holly's incessant chatter--sometimes inane, sometimes philosophical. A new neighbor who's a writer-cum-gigolo (George Peppard very pre-\\"A-Team\\") moves in as her new upstairs neighbor. On the top floor lives an annoying Japanese neighbor played by Mickey Rooney in a very pre-PC role that has him with a Tojo-esque overbite as he threatens to \\"coru da poreese\\" at any noise, even too much talking in the stairwell, which as we know Holly can't help any more than she can help breathing.<br />But the scene that most stuck in my mind to this day is when Holly is hosting this typical drop-in cocktail party. Everyone is drinking martinis and gimlets and suchlike, there are enough people present to seriously violate maximum occupancy laws and it never occurred to me until years later that, despite the left-to-right bypass kisses of greeting (\\"mwah...mwah!\\") and the \\"dahlings\\", it was just a bunch of people hanging out and getting smashed. In spirit no different from beer blasts I  went to years later as an undergrad, slopping up cheap draft. Anyway, Holly  spots the fact that one of her guests is so wasted that she's about to black  out on her feet. With just the right timing, Holly yells  \\"Tim--berrrrr!\\" like a lumberjack, and sure enough, the lady  topples over with a crash like a felled tree. Don't ask me why that sticks in my mind, it's not exactly a pivotal scene. It just did, that's all.
B00001QGPR|4.0|At first listen I was disappointed.  It seemed flat and monotonous.  No single  track stands out as brilliant, the styling seems a bit derivative (I always think \\"XTC\\" when I hear New Angels of Promise),  and the lyrics  are repetitive song to song.  But for whatever reason it has a refurbished  Bowie hook that hooked me, an echo of the David Bowie I grew up with  perhaps.  As a whole the album works and works well.  The liner note design  is forced, commercial, and annoying.  But don't judge the album by its  cover.   Buy and hold.  And enjoy.
B0000027F3|5.0|Ahhhhhh, this album is heavy! The drumming is awesome! The riffs are tight, fast and heavy! A great album and the second heaviest of the Priest catalog (Jugulator is the heaviest). Enjoy, and bang your head! The last  with Halford, but at least he went out with a great effort!
0671502336|5.0|Catch-22 is the best book ever written.  Period.  It is hilarious, witty, and terrifying.  Read it, or what's the point of living at all?
B00003CWPR|1.0|I didn't see it onscreen and daringly bought it in DVD format.  However, my SIXTH SENSE (subtle promo here) said, &quot;Rent it before you open it.&quot;  I'm glad I did.  I expected a picture with eroticism, kinky  behavior and, well, soft pornographic filming.  It was a little erotic, the  impression of kinkiness was attempted, but I've seen harder porn in a  Disney movie.<br />  I'm the type that likes plot with my erotic filming.  I'm not into anything which earns the XXX rating.  But I thought this movie  would be a little more &quot;open.&quot;  The moment you think you will see  something, clever camera angles cover the &quot;good stuff&quot;.  I found  &quot;Basic Instinct&quot; and &quot;Tie Me Up, Tie Me Down&quot; a bit  more sensual.  Neither are pornographic, but can get you going.<br />  This  is only my opinion.  However, I strongly suggest you rent it first.
B00000JG41|3.0|While the self-titled Bungle is a nonpareil, California is surprisingly mediocre. It seems Patton has transferred his weirder urges to his band Fantomas, and Bungle has taken on Faith No More's former role as his commercial money-maker. A good CD, to be sure, but not the Bungle we know and love; there are no ten minute jams, no sense of connectedness among songs, and there exists a serious dearth of farting, grunting, and wanton screaming. And they call this Bungle?<br /><br />This is high production, good music, but it's not the caged, frenetic musicality we've come to expect. Buy their first CD and scribble \\"California\\" on the cover.<br /><br />The last track, however, is amazing, and for that I'm giving it an extra star.
B00000064F|5.0|It's a shame but I'm just listen to Drake's work by now, at 29. Here in Brazil we don't have these releases and the imported ones are the only solution for this &quot;bossa-nova syndrome&quot;. This album has great and  happy songs. Yes, happy songs. Drake sounds happy singing At The Chimes of  City Clock and others. But the great charm here is the similarity with the  most beautiful album ever made, Van Morrison's Astral Weeks. Horns, flutes,  acoustic instruments and an haunting voice under service of wonderful  compositions. There's no cut here (and on the others Nick's albums) less  than perfect. Seems Nick had &quot;the formula for the perfect songs that  make souls more bryter&quot;. Since I've heard Pink Moon, Five Leaves Left  and Bryter Later life has become a little more bryter than before. Thanks,  Nick, wherever you are now.
079070546X|5.0|Want some laughs about christmas? If you do, don't burn your tree! Watch this today, and see them burn theirs!
6305470464|5.0|This movie is seriously one of the best movies that I have ever seen.  We rented it and we watched it 2 nights in a row because it is so great!  There are many famous actors in it, and every actor does an excellent job.   I recommend it to anyone.
0385495315|5.0|This is an excellent book!  Singh has outdone himself. I like the detailed descriptions of how different cryptography algorithms work and how the codes were broken. After reading this book I think I have a much better  understanding of the field. I particularly liked the chapters on the Enigma  machine. It is also interesting to learn about some of the personalities  associated with cryptography. I have never found another book on this  subject which is so interesting and provides so much detail.
B000003H2W|5.0|I only tried &quot;Like Gods of the Sun&quot; and this cd. I already gave 5 stars to LGS, but now I think this is slightly better. This is close to perfection. Strongly recommendable!
B00000JCB2|5.0|Get this CD now!   They've already got 4 hits off it, and I think we'll see another one in &quot;Just Like This.&quot;  Buy it.
B00000K19E|4.0|This is one of the best popcorn movies of the 90's but it is also extremely smart, has a great premise with an intelligent plot, nicely executed action sequences and breath-taking special effects. Keanu Reeves  is great in the role of Neo, who carries the responsibility of  disconnecting the human race from the Matrix. Laurence Fishburne is also  great as Morpheus; Neo's mentor. Hugo Weaving also draws one of the best  sci/fi villains as Agent Smith. It ultimately succeds in being an extremely  entertaining and well done action/Sci-Fi movie. Only flaws are mis-casting  in vital roles and a few plot-holes. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film  an 8!
B000001FMX|2.0|Mick Jagger said of the New York Dolls: &quot;Ugh, the New York Dolls! What Rubbish!&quot; Listen to this album, and, except for a rare good spot  here and there, you'll agree with Mick.
0395759242|4.0|It's amazing how a middle age person like myself can be so mis-educated that I never knew of the atrocities that happened in the Congo under King Leopold II.  With the help of this book, my eyes have been opened.  I knew  the colonizers of Africa were mean, but now they seem more onerous than  before. The King was not alone, as the book reveals, in his inhumanity and  greed.  There was a whole gang of folks that helped him.  Whenever I think  upon the cutting off of hands of his victims, it gives me new strength to  stomach whatever comes my way, and to say to myself and my children,  &quot;If Black people could survive this type of treatment, I to can make  it.&quot;  The only thing is that I won't allow myself to be treated like  this without letting others know and the secret be hidden for over 100  years. Today similar treatment of blacks is happening, but it's more in the  mind.  We cannot allow King Leopold's Ghost to keep terrorizing us.  His  evil spirit and attitude still hovers. There is a need to send evil spirits  like his into the netherworld &quot;BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY&quot; and to  purge our lives of such demons by analyzing and working on ways to end such  terror.
0887306128|5.0|This is a good and clearly written book. One section that fascinated me was about being efficient with time-management. Drucker sites FDR's aide Harry Hopkins as being so sick during WW II, that he literally could only  work a few hours every OTHER day. But that he got MORE work done than  anyone in wartime Washington. Because he was efficient. Winston Churchill  called him, &quot;Lord Heart of the Matter.&quot; I know workaholics who  emotionally deprive their families, but take a martyr-like pleasure in  their workaholism. And, yes, sometimes they are very accomplished. But I  also have a friend in the South of France who is filthy rich, and lives on  a huge estate, and made all his immense wealth on his own. And he still  works full time. And he rarely works more than a six hour day! And  sometimes much less than that! After reading this book, I realized he is  just very efficient. Another good book is Robert Ringer's MILLION DOLLAR  HABITS. He relates how he used to be frustrated to see so many people work  fewer hours than he, but make a lot more money. Then he read a study that  showed the most successful people are not workaholics: they are efficient.  THE EFFECTIVE EXECUTIVE lets you learn new and helpful habits.
B000002MP2|5.0|This was the first Punk Rock cd I bought and I thought it was one of the best cds i had ever bought.  With the combonation of the great bass and guitar you cant go wrong with this cd.  My favorite songs are Basketcase,  Longview and She
B000002568|5.0|My first intro. to Jaco was on Weather Report's &quot;Heavy Weather&quot;.  I later heard &quot;Jaco Pastorious&quot; in college (about 1980). He was truly amazing, as you've read in the other reviews.  As I recall, Jaco was  also known (by few besides his peers) as an excellent piano player.  This  album is not for everyone.  You must be prepared for intense listening.  It  almost seems like Jaco wanted to show the world all his amazing tricks on  one recording.  A worthy part of any serious collection of contemporary  fusion jazz.
0767851900|5.0|I have seen a lot of movies, but this is by far my favorite of all time!  This is the funniest movie! If you think you have seen funny movies, they are nothing campared to this. Kevin Smith is a genius, and Chris Rock  rules!
B00000J7J4|5.0|This album is a masterpiece by guitar god Carlos Santana.  The more you listen, the more it grows on you.  I can't believe how good Carlos plays today, no wonder he was able to attract the diversified vocalists he needed  for this album.  This album is absolutely incredible, it offers music for  every taste.  Listen with an open mind and an open heart, you too will be  groovin' to the beat and the screaming guitar.
B000002J1U|5.0|Led Zeppelin III is one of my absolute favorite Zep albums. Definitely one of their most underrated. Two of my top favorite Zep songs are on this album, Bron Y Aur Stomp and That's The Way. This is a great album, every  bit as good as that other one with that Stairway song on it. Maybe even  better. Anyway, get this one if you like Led Zeppelin. It has no grand,  pretentious epics, just really great music.
B000002UAC|1.0|Well, it doesn't get much worse than this.  I guess there was no way to go but up from this point. There is a lot of music that is worth going back in time for.  This isn't it.
6305657947|5.0|I've never seen the original with Steve McQueen and Faye Dunaway so I don't or if it's a good remake. But as a movie on it's own, it is a wonderful movie. <br />The humor, the action (altough not much) and the  wonderful performances of Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo makes this one of  the best romantic movies of 1999. It really never gets boring. <br />If you  like good movies without a lot of violence, just watch this one as soon as  posssible (on DVD, if you can)!
B00000IPAX|5.0|To all those so called Blink 182 fans out there, they are not sellouts.  Enema of The State is different from buddha, chesire cat, dude ranch, and their other EPs because they have grown up.  They do not want to be 27 year  olds singing about urinating on themselves(&quot;Depends&quot;, Chesire  Cat).  I believe Enema of The State to be just as good as their other  albums.  They have gone allitle pop but they do still have the punk sound  and any true fan would still like them because they are the one and only  Blink 182.  I believe this CD is a great buy.
B000002U84|5.0|Not one bad song on this album.  This is a classic album, right up there with &quot;Nevermind&quot; by Nirvana and &quot;Ten&quot; by Pearl Jam. BUY IT!
0446310786|5.0|The book To Kill a Mockingbird was an great book. However, there were parts of the book which nI did not agree with, and did not like. The book got off to a boring, slow start, but turned out to be an excellent book.  The book is writted through this girl named Scout. She has a brother, Jem,  and a best friend, Dill. The book starts out with the three of them trying  to get Boo Radley out of his house. However, during the middle of the book  they get involved in a trial, which leads to what happens in the end. This  book has excellent suspence, and an excellent story line. I suggest this  book to everyone. It is a great book!  :) Note: dont let the slow start  make you quit this book in the beginning. The book gets sooooo much soooooo  much sooooo much better!  Read this book!
0425107469|5.0|The book does not start out slow like other booksand it has a very good story line. There are some gross parts though.The characters have interesting life styles and motavations. Dean Koontz makes you want to keep  reading all day and night. Einstein [the smart dog] and the outsider [the  geneticly engenered fighting machine] keep you wondering , what's going to  happen next? Over all its the best book I have ever read
0790729342|5.0|The Raod Warrior DVD comes with minimal features (some background info. in text form), but the english subtitling feature comes in handy here. I was surprised to find that the thick austrailian accents mask some key  information. Great example of how usefull DVD players can be!
B000002JS6|5.0|BY far my Favorite AC/DC album. From&quot; hells Bells&quot; to &quot;rock and roll aint noise pollution&quot; you can't help crankin' it up and playing it loud. Plenty of good riffs,(in fact, the only AC/DC release  where I like every song)screaming vocals from Brian Johnson on his first  album with Acca Dacca and just a really ballsy album. Bon's spirit lives  through this album and continues to until this day. Brian will never be a  good as Bon, but at least he is original in his style and not tried to '  ape' Bon Scotts writing and singing style. Fan-bloody-tastic!
0062502182|5.0|When I was 18, I read The Little Prince by Saint-Exupery. It had a profound effect on my views. I am 30 now and I experienced a lot through living in various countries and circumstances. It effected me and my views.  Sometimes, I thought that this life philosophy is only for kids.  But after  all my ups and downs as I was seeking a fuller life, reading The Alchemist  persuade me that is the only path to take to lifelong happiness.
B000002JSZ|4.0|I was discouraged not to buy this album for a long time. Several people told me this was a losy AC/DC effort,but bought it anyway.I whacked in the sterio and from 'Rising power' to &quot;Brain shake&quot; I thoughly  enjoyed it. I personally prefer this album to &quot;for those..&quot;. Its  got great riffs, has more balls and truly kicks arse.A hiddeen classic by  the boys and would recomend this to any AC/DC fan. still not in  &quot;Highway to hell&quot; or &quot;back in black&quot; league, but a  great album all the same
6300185311|5.0|Oh Boy!  This was a good one!  Tony Randall was funny, especially when he was writing the eulogy and kept taking all the nice comments out of it the night the two men spent together.  Doris Day was &quot;on to her husband's  antics&quot;.  A true &quot;hypochondriac&quot; in the best way I've ever  seen.  I just loved the scene when Rock (her husband in the movie) was  purchasing the cemetary plots and Paul Lynde was excellent as the salesman.   You could tell he was really into his work!  I've seen the doctor in  several Disney movies too and he plays the part well.  And the medicine  cabinet......oh my!  That was something to see.  If you want to have some  entertainment, this is certainly a movie to watch.  You won't regret seeing  it and besides, it's a good movie to share with friends for an evening.   Order a pizza or two and ........enjoy the movie!
0783240503|5.0|After seeing the teaser ad for this production on the Cats video, I was looking forward to the chance to see it.  I'd known about Joseph for years, but had never had the chance to see it on stage.  I'm pleased to report  that the video was worth the wait.<br />The performers are fantastic.  I'd not  heard anything of Donny Osmond since his teen idol days, and was pleased to  find that he has an even better voice than I'd remembered.  Maria Friedman  (Narrator) is also a joy to see and hear.  In fact, all of the music  throughout is so infectious that I've found myself humming Joseph songs  during lulls at work - and at home - and in the car, well, you get the  picture.<br />The sets are colorful and imaginative (my daughter especially  enjoys the large Egyptian head with the moving eyes used during the  Pharoh's song (I did have to explain the heavy references to Elvis Presley,  but then she's only 5 -- give her time).  And the costumers deserve a round  of applause for the title &quot;Technicolor Dreamcoat&quot; (let alone the  dozens of other gorgeous outfits).<br />If I had any gripe at all, it would be  about the copious use of flesh colored body-stockings on the female chorus  members in the Egyptian sequences. True, the costuming fits the time and  place of the action, but some parents might wish to view it before deciding  if it's appropriate for their younger children (though I didn't have a  problem with my 5-year-old seeing it).<br />All in all, this video is one that  will be (and has already been) viewed again and again at our house.
6304508611|5.0|This film is one of the most freakiest Stephen King movies ever.Id also recomend &quot;It&quot; and &quot;The Shining.
0517053616|5.0|One may consider me naive because I am 16 years old and I feel that Shakespeare is the greatest writer of all time. Wait, I can't say that really because there are so many different tastes out there. My cousin in  NJ recently told me of the uproar that came about in her English class when  she said she liked Shakespeare. But I myself feel that his writing  captivates the soul and mind, as well as the spirit. When you read it it's  like, who's that much of a superb writer in this lifetime? Anyway, if  you're into that English, Romeo and Juliet, Julius Caesar, Midsummer  Night's Dream kind of stuff--creativity and imagination stuff that is,  you'll like this collection. I think my main reason for liking it is  because I wish I were that great of a writer!
0790736039|5.0|This is the most freakiest Stephen King film iv ever seen in my intire life.Its about a creature who makes every child's fear come true and no one can see this terror except for children.And 7 adults who fought this creature when they were 10-12 years old.My favorite actor is in it:Seth  Green who plays young Richie.If you like Stephen King movies that will  scare you id also recomend &quot;Carrie&quot; and &quot;The  Shinning&quot;.
0743200799|3.0|A fairly good description of the manned space program up to the end of Apollo from the Mission Control side, this book still leaves the reader wanting greater perspective on the overall effort to reach the Moon.  Yes,  the writing is unpolished, but the style does capture the man who played a  critical role in the early years of the NASA Mission Control--Gene Kranz is  a true American original.  There is little new material here, but there are  a few interesting anecdotes.  More discussion of the post-Apollo era would  have made this book a much better tome.  Furthermore, some of the criticism  of NASA today is a bit off base.  The NASA of today is a much different  place than the one Kranz was a part of in the Cold War era, and warrants a  different vision than the space agency of 30 years ago.  I enjoyed this  book, and recommend it for space buffs.  A better book for the casual  reader, however, is probably &quot;Moonshot&quot; by Deke Slayton and Alan  Shepard.
0395389496|5.0|The Polar Express combines realistic artwork and a detailed plot portraying a young boy's Christmas experience.  The story employs realistic pictures as the portrayal of  emotions but involves the plot in a fantastical plot.  Van Allsburg's illustrations are so life-like that they  almost seem to contradict such fantastical elements as magical train rides  to the North Pole and meetings with Santa Claus.  All of the pictures are  dark and shadowed with the exception of the last two pictures in the book.  This is indicative of several things.  The dark and muted illustrations  during the majority of the book occur at night when the boy should be  asleep.  The plot as well as the illustrations take on a dream-like  quality, and the lines in the pictures are not distinct but are hazy and  undefined.  Each element of the illustration seems to fade into one another  and mesh together as in a dream sequence.  Double-page layouts of  illustrations uniformly decorate a concise border of white space.  Each  picture in the story is equally important and depicts pivotal moments in  the plot.  The majority of the illustrations have numerous vertical lines,  but the images are rounded.  These rounded images and non-distinct lines,  prevalent in the scenes of the polar express and the city at the North  Pole,  provide comfort rather than distress and are warm and friendly.  The  rounded Santa Claus figure radiates joy and sharing.  The wispy snow and  the \\"fuzziness\\" of the pictures tend to pervade a sense of fantasy and  make-believe.  The arched buildings with their pointed turrets add to the  fantastical aspect the reader perceives when looking at the illustrations.  In the story, the boy loses his prized jingle bell, and in this  illustration, the boy, eyes and shoulders drooped downwards, is at the  center of the picture, and therefore, the most important image on the page.  The boy's head down and face shadowed makes his facial features not easily  distinguishable, depicting his mood.  The surrounding children, carefully  avoiding \\"eye contact\\" with the reader and looking forlorn and surprised,  echo the boy's depression over the loss of the jingle bell.  The boy's  gloom is obviously the focus of this scene.  The plot is also enriched by  fantastical elements that come together to convey a great lesson.  The fact  that the express train just \\"appears\\" outside of the boy's door and takes  him to the North Pole where he meets Santa Claus and all of the elves is  fantasy.  Trains cannot just appear, and the idea of Santa Claus and the  infamous North Pole is a children's myth.  Yet, this fantastical meeting by  which the boy obtains the jingle bell from Santa's sleigh does convey an  important message to children.  The jingle bell symbolizes a devout belief  in something--not necessarily Santa Claus--but anything one can hold on to.  This message, emphasized on the last page of the book, shows a photograph  of a jingle bell, perfectly centered in the page and surrounded by a  greater amount of white space than any other of the illustrations.  This  indicates the importance of the bell and the message it conveys.  The  message to the reader is that a strong and constant belief in something  will be your strength and sustain you through all of life's trials. The  strong emotion reflected in the words and illustrations of the story, the  fantastical elements, and the relevant message all come together to create  a well-loved children's book that teaches children a valuable lesson about  life and belief.  The rich, realistic illustrations convey this message  clearly.epicting his mood.  The surrounding children, carefully  avoiding \\"eye contact\\" with the reader and looking forlorn and surprised,  echo the boy's depression over the loss of the jingle bell.  The boy's  gloom is obviously the focus of this scene.   The plot is also enriched by  fantastical elements that come together to convey a great lesson.  The fact  that the express train just \\"appears\\" outside of the boy's door and takes  him to the North Pole where he meets Santa Claus and all of the elves is  fantasy.  Trains cannot just appear, and the idea of Santa Claus and the  infamous North Pole is a children's myth.  Yet, this fantastical meeting by  which the boy obtains the jingle bell from Santa's sleigh does convey an  important message to children.  The jingle bell symbolizes a devout belief  in something--not necessarily Santa Claus--but anything one can hold on to.   This message, emphasized on the last page of the book, shows a photograph  of a jingle bell, perfectly centered in the page and surrounded by a  greater amount of white space than any other of the illustrations.  This  indicates the importance of the bell and the message it conveys.  The  message to the reader is that a strong and constant belief in something  will be your strength and sustain you through all of life's trials. The  strong emotion reflected in the words and illustrations of the story, the  fantastical elements, and the relevant message all come together to create  a well-loved children's book that teaches children a valuable lesson about  life and belief.  The rich, realistic illustrations convey this message  clearly.
078062369X|5.0|This movie ROCKS!  After seeing this, I realized there was some hope for a Marvel Comics movie after all. After watching junk like Nick Fury, Generation X, Captain America etc, finally a good marvel movie is made!   (of course I liked the Hulk series and the Dr. Strange movie, but that's  not the point.) Wesley Snipes makes an awesome Blade, and Stephan Dorff is  evil as Deacon Frost. My favorite scene is when Frost is holding that  little girl hostage in daylight and Blade comes up, both are dressed in  black in sunglasses facing each other from across the street. They say  little and Frost just vanishes after Blade gets at him. Awesome!  I  reccomend this movie to any Marvel fan, vampire fan, kung fu fan, or good  film fan. Excelsior!
1573225517|5.0|I have never been so affected by a character as with Hornby's Rob Fleming.  Rob's emotional turmoil mixed with his inability to stop making top five lists for everything, was something I, and most every man around, will  connect with.  Women would appreciate this book for a no holds barred look  into the psyche of the grown-up Gen X man.  Though Hornby's characters are  British,  they feel as real as our next door neighbors.  Thanks for an  incredible read...I think I understand myself better!
6305499365|5.0|This is, by far, one of the funniest movies I've seen about my working life out here in Plano Texas!  If you have ever worked in the computer industry, see this movie.  The characters are identifiable; Lundberg is the  typical manager along with consultants, slackers, engineers, and even their  own version of Fridays!  A whole new meaning to a &quot;bad case of the  modays&quot;.  Bravo!
B0000009SF|5.0|Just when the jester becomes poet you can realize was he good jester.<BR> Zappa always looked like cinyc and nihilist. Not each musician is nihilist  but in the end a half of all lorry drivers are cinycs and it's not  necessery to pay for cynic speech. Fortunately, Zappa always was more than  he was looked like.<BR> To the matter of point. On Grand Wazoo Zappa stops  to send regards to audience and concentrates on his notes and instruments.  The result is next miniset of long jazz pieces after Hot Rats. But while  Hot Rats with massive sound attacks was waterspout Grand Wazoo is refined  melodic playing.<BR> Just &quot;For Calvin&quot; has uneven theme losing  balance. Others are essential. Title track offers melody a new path each  time old one is passed. In the middle of 13-minutes way sounds scatters but  the same time riffs opening piece come back. &quot;Cletus Awreetus&quot; is  a masterpiece built of unique chord sequence that is pathetic and fun at  the same time. &quot;Eat That Question&quot; is fresh jazz piece for guitar  and &quot;Blessed Relief&quot; is a melody of almost impassive beauty.
0312853238|4.0|In the foreword of the most recently published _Ender's Game_, Card states that its detractors would select two avenues of criticism, and the reviews bear out his assertion.<br />First, children would not be entrusted with the  duty of Earth's protection through command of a multinational fleet,  because they lack the wit, mentality and experience to do so.<br />Second,  some would find his writing entirely too simple to take seriously.<br />I  refute the first charge on the basis that chess and insurgent warfare have  already proven that a child can function as an effective combatant and  strategist.  In Vietnam, children were snipers and couriers of supplies and  intelligence, in addition to carrying explosives on their bodies to  detonate in public places where Americans were.  In chess, Bobby Fischer,  Josh Waitzkin and many international grandmasters developed their skills as  children, to the point that they could defeat entire halls of adults in  simultaneous games.  If an extraordinary circumstance arose (such as a war  with a poorly understood Other) and the means of identifying embryonic  military geniuses were available, the Government might do well to exploit  this pool of talent in defense of its own species.  I think those who most  strongly dislike this book do so because it invokes their own prejudices  towards a military in all of its aspects.<br />Second, I like the fact that  his writing doesn't give you a sharp visual focus of the work.  Card made  the story more effective and striking for me by allowing me to envision the  manner in which everything appeared, functioned, et cetera.  All of the  children in the story have faces similar to people with whom I grew up, and  that deepened the impact of children being forced to perform society's most  unforgiving tasks.  If you can see them as your children, siblings or close  friends, then you will understand a pathos beyond the fantasy of power and  invincibility that its critics have accused this book of being.<br />While I  might have written this book differently, I am not Orson Scott Card.  His  ideas of training for the realities of conflict in space are basically  sound, and for that alone he deserves some attention.  Ender speaks  powerfully to bright, young children who have been ostracized for  demonstration of their intelligence and talent, and I would hand this book  to any child in search of goals that utilize their talents fully.
B00000JCB2|1.0|That's right. This is a number1 filth in the first degree.He better go find a Burger King to work at. He is not ina million year's gonna amountto nothing.
0671027344|5.0|Just glancing at this book makes me happy, so I keep it on mydesk, next to my reference books. It's out of place but so good forthe soul. Although I'm not religious, the main character inspires me in almost a Christ-like way. Take a chance on this deceptively little book.
0451163516|5.0|The Man from St. Petersburg is a forgotten Follett classic.  Simpler than his more recent works, a surprisingly thrilling historical novel that tells the story of a resilient Russian revolutionary who travels to pre-WWI  England to try to create an international incident.  Keeps the reader  guessing until the end.
0767824571|5.0|The reason why the movie cuts of like that is the tradition of most of the great Monty Python gags. They feel that a good bit should run its course, and than not need an ending. It may not make sense to a first time MP  viewer
B000002L9J|3.0|THis is a very good pop album, but come one, folks!  It's not the &quot;icon&quot; of music some people say!  There are good pop songs, with good lyrics, but it is just another mid-eighties British rock band after  all.
6305537798|4.0|This is a great movie, even if you don't like the teen genre film.  In this update of Shakespeare's &quot;The Taming of the Shrew&quot;, Patrick is paid to take Kat on date, so Cameron can take her sister out.  The  problem is that Kat finds out, after Patrick has fallen in love with her.   This is full of comedy and romance, and a must see for anyone who loves a  good laugh.
6304119046|3.0|Although good, this picture didn't survive the test of time. Most of Chaplin's movies, for example, are much, much better, with direct and relevant points of view being clearly exposed.
0395645662|5.0|This book was good for more advanced readers. The plot and characters were hard to understnd. I was astonished at the end when...
0345350499|5.0|This book is set dramatically in Camelot--how it came to be, how it was,  and most amazingly, its downfall--told through the eyes of the women who  lived, breathed, and made Camelot what it was. It covers the entire life of  King Arthur--his conception, birth, life, and death. It not only tells the  classic legend of Queen Gwenhwyfar, and Sir Lancelot, but the day-to-day  lives of all who came into constant contact in that magical place. This  book takes the readers on an overwhelming journey through the lands of  Avalon. Bradley pierces the core of this mystical place, letting some of  the atmosphere leak onto the pages, delivering to us a book so mind-racing  it is hard to stop reading after the first page. It is a book one could  lose sleep over, one could get so taken into the story that our own daily  lives seem trivial. Above all, it is a story of conflict between  Christianity and the old religion of Avalon.<br />The part of the book that  took me in the most was not simply the characters but the setting. Bradley  covers places of the world one has not ever heard of before. She goes into  nooks and crannies of the old earth and pulls out a tale to wrap the reader  in a blanket of strength, Celtic pride, and magic no one has ever had the  pleasure of knowing before. This book keeps one on the edge of her seat,  holding on, heart racing, thumbs numb from constant page turning. Bradley  draws the reader in, making her a silent character. When the Knights and  people of Camelot are gathered at King Arthur's dining hall, so are the  readers. We are there, sipping, eating, and breathing the same air into our  lungs that they are.<br />This book sweeps the readers off their feet and  takes them on a magic ride. It is Arthurian through and through, and if one  has ever wanted to know more about the legend of Camelot and King Arthur's  court, this is the book to buy. If one has often wondered about the ancient  place of Avalon, and any of the old Pagan rites, this book will unlock any  of the ponderings in one's mind. It pushes the reader forward into battles  surging with pride on both sides. Even if one is not of Celtic heritage, it  is nothing. This book teaches to love and understand who you are, and where  you come from. Bradley shows us that the past is not just in the past, but  it is now also. It is now because our ancestors lead the way through war,  heartache, and death to place us where we are now in life, helping us to  develop our future.
0395645662|5.0|This book was good for more advanced readers. The plot andcharacters were hard to understand. Most of the characters could notsee color. The plot developed slowly. If the civilization was explained, the book would be more understandable.  I was astonished at the end when...
B00000JCB3|1.0|(Please read my review with a really high, British accent)<br />&quot;Oh look at me, I'm a little dumb school girl.  I like 'Lumpy Biscuit'.&quot;<br />pl-ease
0792156684|1.0|This movie should never, ever win the Oscar especially when competing with &quot;As Good As It Gets&quot;.  The romance is pitiful, the characters unrealistic and the actors playing them should go back to acting school.   Leonardo is horrible and even his looks do not make up for bad acting.    The best part of the movie is the historical authenticity in recreating the  Titanic and its sinking.  The worst thing about the movie is bad acting  which really sinks otherwise poor plot.  Do not buy this movie- there are  great stories out there pick something that will not make You sick to Your  stomach after watching it.
0375707972|2.0|Well, maybe he's not that bad, but it sort of rhymes.  From the title of my review, one knows that I did not enjoy this book.  Almost the entire time I was reading the book, I felt grey on the inside.  Only when Michael  begins recording his readings aloud for Hannah do I ever feel a little  warmer to this story.  I thought the book was predictable and simple.   Hannah's &quot;secret&quot; was apparent to me after the first few hints.   This novel was no fun, and I read for fun.
B00000JCOV|4.0|This cd is awesome but it could be a Super Smash Hit if the singer would sing a little more like on &quot;Me Inside&quot; instead of screaming his guts out. The screaming is not so bad though its cool too. The best songs  are &quot;Me Inside&quot; &quot;Wait &amp; Bleed&quot; &quot;Spit it  Out&quot; &quot;No Life&quot; &amp; &quot;(sic)&quot;. Overall this is a cd  you should check out
6305750750|4.0|First of all, I hate when people make excuses for Jar Jar by saying &quot;it's for the kids&quot;.  Well, I was 10 when Star Wars originally came out, and part of the incredible impact that movie had on me was  because of it's serious, epic tone.  That movie was very powerful to me as  a 10 year old, and I resent the notion that stuff always has to be  &quot;dumbed down&quot; for children--as if they're only capable of  appreciating cartoon characters and slapstick humor.  But on to this movie.   Jar Jar should have not been in it.  Secondly, when Jake Lloyd delivers  the line &quot;But Mom, you always say the problem with the universe is  that people don't help each other&quot;, well, that's almost as painful as  having a searing, red-hot poker jammed in your eye.  A young Olivier this  kid ain't, and Lucas' dialogue doesn't help.  But I still love this movie,  because the art direction, costumes and sets far surpass any other sci-fi  images put on film.  This movie is almost like a Ray Harryhausen( Sinbad,  Jason and the Argonauts, Clash of the Titans) movie x 50.  It's just shot  after shot of incredible worlds, creatures and vistas, with fantastic  special effects, perfect music and sound editing, and exciting action.   This movie may not be perfect, but it's a fresh start for the saga, and it  certainly is an improvement over Return of the Jedi.
0517122707|5.0|I regret this novel ever finished. This is because the characters are so vividly and sympathetically drawn, the atmosphere of N'Orleans so effectively captured, and the cadence of speech so real, one is filled with  an indefinable love of life itself through having experienced the world of  Confederacy of Dunces. There's little plot and what there is I can't relate  it. If there's a major theme it might be that even the lowest ragamuffin  and connivingest wretch can be possessed of a surpassing wit and humanity  that make them interesting and important in the scheme of things. Pride,  greed, sloth, vanity, arrogance, venality, selfishness may possess the  characters and yet an essential vulnerability and innocence and humanity  make them redeemable. A lovely, lovely novel by a writer to be spoken of in  the same breath as Twain, Dickens and Goncharov.
0783222475|1.0|This movie was really dumb, stupid and predictable. I suggestpassing up om this movie because it bored me to .  The best characterin the movie was Scruffy the Dog.  If your in the mood for a good movie then don't watch this movie...  END
B00000J6AG|4.0|I've only heard some of Moby's work, but from what I have heard I love it. Every song is different, unlike the Back Street Boys or N'sync. Moby is a great artist and his music is becoming more and more popular (hey, I've  heard 2 of his songs on the X-files.) Play seems like a good album!
B00002DE2L|5.0|Being not a great admirer of Vivaldi, BAch is more my style, this recording was excellent. Anne-Sophie Mutter plays as always with emotion and great technical ability. The Trondheim Soloist are a delight for the  ears. As far as the recording goes, on my sound system it sounds crystal  clear.
6304873441|4.0|This is without question a very good movie, even if it's historically inaccurate (going by what other people say, here). Personally, if kids are interested in the history of the czars and Anastasia, this movie will spur  them to look further into the subject. I do agree with the person who said  that Rasputin's presence in the story was kind of unneccessary, and seemed  like a 'forced' bad guy, like they just needed a villan thrown into the  storyline (the whole falling apart thing was cool, though). He and Bartok  have a strong resemblance to Jafar and Iago in &quot;Aladdin&quot;.But I  digress.<br />Being an artist and musician, I like to watch animated stuff for  those reasons best. The animation in &quot;Anastasia&quot; was very good,  especially the people and the background designs. I didn't care for the  scenes that overpowered drawn animation with computer animation, though.  (check out the stone horse @ the end.ea. chara looked good separate,but not  togeather)The different types of animation didn't flow as smoothly as some   other computer/traditionally animated films. And the music - to die for!  I  especially like the &quot;Once Upon A December&quot;. The soundtrack is one  of the best things about the movie. Anastasia is definitly worth seeing.
B000002AGB|5.0|The reviews submitted below somewhat baffle me.  The performance is terrific, albeit not perfection, the kind which you could only expect on a studio album.  Everyone in the group is in find form, and they all know it.   In the liner notes to this set, Pete Townshend says this was one of the  best performances they ever gave, and he's right.  <br />This set is a  must-have if, for nothing else, the nearly complete performance of  &quot;Tommy.&quot;  Live at Leeds may be great, but this is what a Who  concert was really like, and this is exactly what it was like in the Isle  of Wight Festival.  The Who took the stage at 3 am, reached the climax in  Tommy at around 4:20, and played on through until 5 am, stopping only  because Pete's guitar broke on him (it usually worked the other way around,  didn't it?).  Townshend later expressed how frustrated he was that they  couldn't keep the momentum going.<br />Bottom line: outstanding performance, a  rare treat to almost all of &quot;Tommy,&quot; and one of the greatest  bands of that time at their peak.  A must-have.
1573226521|5.0|To all those who are griping about charachter development, and dead end ideas, and implausability...you all are acting like this was supposed to be some instant classic, destined to be taught in future literature classes. I  went into the book hoping for an entertaining read and got just that. I  wouldn't say his writing is fantastic, but it is definitely good. I think  everyone here, while critiqueing the literary merit of this book, can't  deny that it was an extreme page turner. I also think that there are some  really interesting ideas brought up about travel culture and utopia...I  don't think it is all drivel and silly. However, the book is not a classic  it is merely one of the most entertaining beach reads I've had in awhile. I  wished the book had continued on more and I didn't want it to end at  all...so if you are in the mood for a bit of pop culture writing that is a  lot of fun, buy this book. If you are looking for a classic, buy a classic.
B000002UB3|5.0|A classic album, after thirty years this can still be played and marvelled at. The musical skills that the fab four have being very clear even now. The lyrics are as sharp as ever...&quot;keeps a ten bob note up his  nose&quot; from Mr Mustard shows great imagination and the way the tracks  flow throughout is truly remarkable. I still find after all these years it  is an album I play to death, there were some poor imitators but believe me  this is the real thing.Buy it!
B000002KOJ|4.0|Major artists (aka not-one-hit-wonders) seem to have two ways of approaching the album thing.  One is to record a mammoth of a debut album and then have a &quot;sophomore slump.&quot; The other is to have  &quot;opening night jitters&quot; the first time around and THEN hit the  nail the second time out.  'Clouds' is a great example of the latter.  With  her debut a somewhat removed experience, Joni strides forward on this  release and though the album has a few lesser moments, its overall  strengths are wonders to witness. This record, ultimately, shows that she  is an artist to be reckoned with, both as a songwriter and a performer.   <br /> As a songwriter, she finally gives us her versions of a pair of hits  (&quot;Chelsea Morning&quot; and &quot;Both Sides Now&quot; both made  gargantuan by Judy Collins)and then hits us over the head with great lesser  known material.  While it can be said that neither, say, &quot;Tin  Angel&quot; (the gorgeous opener) or &quot;That Song About the Midway&quot;  have exactly become standards, they certainly stand out.  Lyrically she is  becoming focused and looking inward as well as outward, and only in a few  spots do we suffer through the kind of Freshman Wordglot that slaughtered  so many of the debut album's songs. <br /> As an artist, Mitchell shows a big  leap in charisma.  No longer is she the distant whimsical youth of the  first album, now she is bold, forthcoming, and still retaining that VOICE.   This time around, though, she's not just playing pyrotechnics.  She's  learned to save her soprano for when it really counts, and when to fade  back to a whisper to allow a song to build.  Also, her instrumentation is  improving, though she still clings exclusively to acoustic guitar here, and  hasn't begun utilizing her ear for alternate tunings yet. <br /> So what these  events taken together tell us is that Mitchell was emerging not just as a  fine songwriter but as a talent to be reckoned with on a par with few.   What'smore, the album's true center may lie in its potential...in the  budding of this young woman not quite yet in bloom.  Where you can see the  colors taking shape, giving anticipation of what might come next. From  here, Joni would not look back for six solid years, producing an output  almost unequaled in modern music, critics, fans, lovers, and sales be  damned.  And here, on 'Clouds', she takes the first tenutive steps on that  journey.
0783240503|4.0|It is terrific that this video/DVD was made to resemble the play - clever stages and all.  The music is fantastic and if the viewer has seen the play prior to viewing this movie they will be more than satisfied (although I  have to agree with another reviewer that a stronger Narrator could have  been chosen).  The only reason I don't give this five stars is the  &quot;family&quot; issue - I read the back of the box at a video store  prior to my Amazon purchase and it said &quot;...a dream of a movie for all  of the family.&quot;  It also showed a pic of Joan Collins (in her fun  little role at Potiphar's wife) wearing an all-black costume.  HOWEVER,  when I began watching the movie with my 3 1/2 year old Ms. Collins is  actually wearing black from the waist down - the top of her costume (as  with the other dancers in the scene) is flesh colored with tan  &quot;pasties&quot; (which appears topless).  The same was the case in the  Pharoh's scene, where dancers wore flesh-colored thong bodysuits under gold  mesh &quot;dresses&quot; (the overall look was nude).  I'm no prude, and my  son didn't say anything about the dancers in these scenes, however I  thought the costuming in these two scenes (as well as the brief sexual  innuendo in them) should have earned this movie a PG rating.
0345403959|5.0|Wonderfuly written fiction. This book not only entertains by taking you to a far away and magical place, but unlike some sci fi/fantasy fiction the bases and explanations are believable. The charecter Belgareth is one  anyone can relate to. Full of wisdom and wry wit. Eddings masterfully draws  you into his world with this book and the others in the series. A must  read. I have read it more then a dozen times and am currently reading it to  my husband. I strongly encorage any fiction lovers to read this book.   -UnaCeleste@aol.com
B000002UB3|5.0|Although Revolver and Sgt. Pepper's are said to be the best Beatles albums, I disagree and think this is. The songs are all of a good standard with standouts being 1,2,6,7,9,11,12,13,14,15 and 16!  I can't add  anything to the other reviews here but this should be treated as various  solo projects with the Beatles as a backing group. Lennon is rocking and  troubled, Harrison is inspired, Ringo is Ringo and McCartney is erratic -  excellent songs (You Never Give, Golden Slumbers sequence) interspersed  with trivial ones (Maxwell's....) However, it is still the Beatles (or  solo) best work and well worth getting.
6305750750|3.0|I enjoyed all the Star Wars films and it's great that it's available for those who only have VHS video.  But not only does Mr. Lucas stick it to the fans by having to buy a collectors set to get a widescreen copy, he refuses  to release it on DVD until 2005(?).  I've stopped buying VHS altogether  since I purchased several DVD players in the past year, and I refuse to own  a VHS copy of either version of Episode I, and what makes you think I'll  still have any interest in owning it on DVD by 2005?  You have talented  staff at Lucasfilm to slap together the films w/ trailers and that will  make everyone happy.  It's also more money for you, George.  Even when you  release them a second time by the completion of the trilogy, we'll buy the  sets all over again simply because they would be worth collecting!   Mr.  Lucas, it saddens me to think how you depended on your fans at the time of  the original trilogy's release, now you deprive the very fans you depended  on of a DVD release.  As much as I enjoyed the Star Wars movies, I just  won't have any desire to own them in my collection, be it VHS or DVD, if  you don't change your mind.
B000002G87|4.0|As I my only previous experience of Clapton was Disraeli Gears, expected power chord rock with screaming solos. When I heard Layla.., I obviously knew the title song was excellent but the rest of the album is also very  strong. D&amp;D play the blues so well. If you needed any reason to buy  this CD, the reason lies with the first two tracks alone as these stand  out. I couldn't believe how beautiful Bell Bottom Blues was. I can see how  Counting Crows developed their sound. In short, a solid album and a good  record of 70's rock/blues
1572522089|5.0|this movie is the best account of samurai i have seen it is the best
B00000JJQK|5.0|But you already know the answer - of course it is. It is one of the 5 essential recordings of the 60's (with Cream, 2 Dylan, Beatles) and is astounding. The perfection of these songs can show today's pop performers  that they are nowhere close to the intelligence of Brian Wilson's 'pop'.  The way the whole thing is mixed together is brilliant. The way Brian used  the mixer like a conductor is magnificant. Someone show this to William  Orbit and tell him that THIS is how you produce records. I have no idea if  i listened to the mono or stereo version but either way, the quality of the  songs and lyrics cannot be remixed out of existance. <br />As you can tell, i  like this album and can only advise you to listen to it. I thought the  Beach Boys were just 'I Get Around' but this is radically different. Also,  everyone should listen to Good Vibrations as well, because it is an  excellent song. Although I think Abbey Road just nudges ahead of this, Sgt.  Pepper's is pathetic as an answer to this. But, because it was by the  Beatles, it received greater acclaim and sales.
0679746048|4.0|I laughed and then I cried after realizing that CRAZY is the operative word.  Ms. Kaysen tries to meet her demise by her own hand and is found, certainly crying for help.  She is then sent to McLean....the 'nut house'.   She makes some friends while having life changing encounters.  Susanna  describes what goes on within the walls of McLean and how the view of the  world looks from the inside.  I have found that many of the reviews that  have come before mine have described this book as 'boring', 'wake-me up',  and other similar expressions.  Give this one a chance...I found, via  &quot;Girl Interrupted&quot;, that crazy is as crazy does and we all share  certain elements of 'crazy'. As SEAL, in a phrase, so eloquently put it,  &quot;...in a world full of people only some want to fly, is it not  crazy?...&quot;  Or is it, really?  ENJOY
630575067X|4.0|As any movie director would tell you, it is just NOT easy to produce a flick that would live up to its preceders and the anticaptions of die-hard fans, but this one did succeed in a few places. The scenery is quite  breathtaking as well as the special effects, but it's the displacement that  put off most fans: imagine being treated to your most beloved story, but  only with the well-known characters completely removed and thus replaced by  total strangers. You'll get used to it in time, nevertheless. But some of  the characters are a good pick, in my opinion. Despite her weirdo hairdos,  the pubescent young queen turns out to be a pretty intriguing character  with her headstrong determineness and despite what everyone said about the  young Anakin Skywalker, I really think he's a little cutie and I bet he  would break hearts when he grows up, which you will get to witness in the  upcoming movie this summer. And the climax is really ASTONISHING and just  plain cool! So yes, Geroge Lucas did put his best effects in producing a  sci-fi movie of our dreams, though it didn't come up in tip-top perfection.
0375707972|3.0|Michael is 15 when he becomes transfixed by an older woman, a much older woman, Hanna.  (Please keep in mind that I found the point of this book more interesting than the book itself.)  After they meet, Michael enjoys in  sex and bathing, while Hanna finds comfort in his way of reading to her.   (I cannot get passed an older woman having sex with a 15 year old, but I  guess something may have been lost in the German to English translation.)   Months of the sex, baths, and reading go by and Hanna disappears.  Michael  is devistated in different ways.  Then he sees Hanna, years later, while  attending a trial where Hanna is among many defendants.  The trial is to  conclude who is guilty of taking part in the illegal acts that took place  in Nazi Germany.  One thing leads to another and Michael finds out one  important characteristic in Hanna that could keep her from imprisonment...  I normally enjoy any and every book in some optimistic way, but until I got  through this particular one I almost lost faith.  Overall, this is not one  I would recommend to just anyone.  Try something else, you may thank me.
0380713802|3.0|Bill Bryson walks you through quite a fiew European cities. He gives you accurate observations and - as far as I can tell -  a good feeling for the places he visits. But he also prefers to sit in public places and read  other people's books on those places, instead of talking to all the  different folks of Europe and giving you impressions on what really adds  spice to Euorpe. This is were the book completely misses out on Europe.  Tourists will never get experience; and neither in Europe nor from Bill. He  remains a tourist himself, and seldom turns into a traveler. I still give  him 3 stars because of his entertaining humor. And because - from 30'000  feet - he rates the Austrians even lower than the Germans.
0790731479|4.0|You can always depend on Tim Burton to deliver a film which, (while entertaining, funny and sometimes frightening,) can provide such a fresh look to estabished themes.  This film should be in everyones collection.
B000003TBP|5.0|This is one of the best CDs in my collection. Beck's got two things here - one is lyrics that don't make sense (all of Beck's songs have lyrics that don't make sense. Loser and Sexx Laws are great examples). He's also got  some cool rythms, especially songs like The New Pollution, Hotwax, Devil's  Haircut and Where It's At (although the microphone screeches get annoying).  You definately get this CD before purchasing any of Beck's other stuff.
6305342768|3.0|A very different and unusual movie. I remember when Disney released it in 1979 and my parents would not take me to see it due to it's dark and weird content. I eventually saw it a few years later on a cable movie station and  watched it every time it came on. It's plot is weak but has interesting  special effects for it's time. I believe it would have done better at the  box office if it had been released before Star Wars. If you are looking for  interesting special effects with robots and computers, then this movie is  for you! Kinda like Scooby Doo and the gang in outer space. It does have  some bad script writing and slightly humorous but boring comments, but  remember it's Disney not Lucas' Star Wars. Get the Widescreen Version, dim  the lights and pop the popcorn, you will enjoy it. Pay close attention to  the symbolism with Maximillian and Dr. Rinehardt as it nears the end....
B000008GS2|5.0|With a classic 80's feel this album rocks with moody lyrics and haunting melodies.  In a league with 90's favs like Sarah Mclachlan and Enigma this album is a MUST for anyone who likes strong, mesmerizing music.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Princess  Mononoke is an utter marval and their will never be another film like it.  It deals about a subject that few films ever do-the effect that we have on nature and it on us.  this is explaining the film on the  simplest scale.  it may be animated but the characters and settings become  as real as you or me. Because Hayao Miyazaki made it in a way that the  animation is not the primary goal of the film. It accomplishes what most  movies try to do it sends a message and it does it with flowing ease. It is  complex, but that's what makes it so great.  Rarely have I seen such great  and thought out storytelling.  Princess Mononoke is a flawless film that  has and is what all films should be-a story told to send a message in an  amazing and breathtaking way.  their is no way this wonderous film could  have been made live action or any other way you can think of.  When the  film is over and the credits begin-you sit their is awe, amazment, and  silence until the credits are over.  then you think i have never seen  anything like it and I want to see it again.  I hope more of Hayao  Miyazaki's films are dubbed into English.  The score is beyond words-I hope  to hear more from the composer.  Princess Mononke is the most wonderous  film ever created and it should have been nominated for best picture!
1572810408|5.0|This is one of the most beautiful tarot decks in the world,that affords wonderfuly accurate and enlightening readings....
B00000K19E|5.0|Firstly, I have to confess that I'm not much of a cinemagoer. So I've never caught The Matrix on the big screen like some other people might have. More's the pity, because it simply isn't possible to appreciate how  good this film is when you're watching it on video. On the other hand, if  you're lucky enough to have a DVD player, you can finally appreciate this  film the way its creators wanted it to be.<br />So what is so good about The  Matrix? In recent years, Hollywood seems to have had great difficulty in  releasing any genuinely intelligent science fiction films. Star Wars  Episode 1: The Phantom Menace, Wild Wild West, Batman and Robin, Lost in  Space...the list is seemingly endless. Thanks to the success of the Star  Wars films, studio executives seem to think science fiction films are an  excuse to print money. This is despite the fact that Star Wars greatest  strengths were its character and its plot.<br />Have these executives ever  read Isaac Asimov? Arthur C. Clarke? Ben Bova? Jerry Pournelle? Science  fiction wasn't always about big explosions and glossy special effects. At  it's heart, the best science fiction stories force people to question what  the future may hold, and our perception of reality. 2001: A Space Odyssey  is a marvellous example of that.<br />So in a decade where almost all science  fiction films are more oriented towards big explosions and action  sequences, it's good to see a movie that finally revisits these classic  science fiction themes. And then wraps them in some very memorable big  action sequences to make it accessible to mainstream audiences.<br />But at  its heart, The Matrix addresses two important questions - where are we  going, and what is reality? In The Matrix, we see a future where humanity  has been almost wiped out by the machines that we created. It's a sobering  reminder to the current generation not to become too enamoured of  technology...that in order to control our destiny we must retain control  over whatwe create.<br />It also forces us to question reality in a way that  I haven't seen a film do...ever. The reality we live in is a computer  construct? Impossible! And yet...we see humans perform feats that should be  completely impossible. Executing superhuman martial arts combat moves,  dodging bullets at lightning speed, constructing worlds out of thin air.  <br />&quot;Is it really so hard to believe?&quot; asks Morpheus. Well...yes,  it is actually. But then, The Matrix IS at its heart a science fiction  film. And the first pure science fiction film that I've seen in a very long  time. I sincerely hope that studio executives are paying attention to its  success. Because it shows that treated properly, a science fiction film can  be an extremely powerful medium to present some powerful ideas.
0393317552|1.0|I was very disappointed with \\"Guns,Germs and Steel\\"- there's nothing new in this book and alot of amateurish speculation trying to be \\"important and new\\". Jared Diamond is a New Guineaophile and this book is an answer to one of these \\"on the average more intelligent, more alert, more expressive, etc.\\" New Guinean's question of why white people have all the cargo (stuff). 425 pages later the answer- \\"thats how things worked out\\". This book is seriously flawed- there are no notes or references; the bulk of the middle part is incredibly boring; and his conclusion that anyone occupying western Eurasia would have eventually ruled the world leaves out the very important factors of chance and CULTURE. I really can't do justice to all of the speculation, jumping to conclusions, disregarding of uncomfortable facts, \\"discovery\\" of already known facts, and denigration of accepted theories that goes on in this book. I took notes too lengthy to list here. Actual history (especially military history) seems to be one of the author's weak points, and he covers up his lack of knowledge with lawyeristic bluster. The crux of the book is the \\"collision at Cajamarca\\", when Pizarro kidnapped Atahualpa in front of a supposed 80,000 Inca warriors. No amount of fancy-pants theories about food production and crowd germs explains this incident if you leave out CULTURE. The Incas succumbed as if under a spell. Their cultural hallucination gave way to the brutal, reality-based culture of the Spanish. This book suffers from a smartypants attitude which is extremely annoying. If you read alot of history books and Archaeology Magazine then you already know all this stuff. Mr. Diamond is no Daniel Goldhagen- there's nothing new here.
B00003CX7K|5.0|I took my Niece to see it and expected it to begood but I was not prepared for what followed.  What a terrific movie.Woody and Buz have worked through the problems that existed between them in the first Toy Story and have become the best of friends.  I laughed throughout the movie.  What humor, I loved the scene where Mrs. Potato Head is packing Mr. Potato Head for his trip to save Woody and she packs his angry eyes &quot;just in case&quot;.  The depth of the personalities, the humor and thoughtfulness of each of the characters makes me feel as though these are real people.  I have put this movie on my list of &quot;All Time Favorites&quot; My Niece is 5 and I am 47 and we both loved it.  I am eagerly waiting for it to be available for home viewing so I can own my own copy.  Hats off to Disney and Pixar for a job well done.
0385484518|4.0|As I began to read Albom's latest work, I was prepared for a melodramatic and shallow book.   After all, the subject of a long lost student meeting up with a wise, old professor for a dose of wisdom in between dying breaths  is not the type of content I usually wait in line for.  While some passages  were a strain in this regard, the book did become harder to put down as the  pages were turned.  How should one feel after reading Tuesdays with Morrie?   Lucky, to not have know an individual in such dire circumstances or to  witness such a gradual and trying exit from life?  Or ironically, sad,  because such a relationship described and experienced by Albom ends up  being just the opposite - a deep, spiritual voyage with someone who is  actually, very much alive?  These are the questions the book leaves you  with.  In doing so, Tuesdays with Morrie leaves its own impression as a  meaningful work.
B00000IHHN|5.0|I have owned this CD for a year-and-a-half (got it when we saw the show in Paris in October 1998!) and also own the 2CD integrale recording of the live production at the Palais de Congres. We were so incredibly moved by  this production and this album duplicates that feat!  We are going to see  the Las Vegas production of NDP next week at the Paris Hotel (in English).   We shall see how it holds up in translation :-)  I think Belle is one of  the most incredible songs ever written.  Has some of the same haunting  sounds as Michelle from the Beatles, but with better harmonies.  I can't  imagine Schwartz/Menken's version on Broadway will come close. -  jrosen@openstage.org
0871137380|5.0|This is simply a brilliant study of the downing of two American Blackhawk Helicopters in Mogadishu, Somalia in 1993 and the fight between the American rescuing forces and the Somalian militia.<br />Bowden did a stunning  job of gathering personal stories from both sides, rebuilding the fight on  a minute by minute basis and writing it with a vividness worthy of a best  selling novel.  It is a very sobering and very realistic reminder of how  dangerous war can be, how easy it is to become overconfident with  disastrous results, and how different standards and experiences can be in  other countries. Anyone who would like to better understand the modern  world and the role of violence in our times would learn by reading this  book.  Every serious citizen of American survival should read it.
630575067X|5.0|By now, I can't imagine there is anyone who doesn't at least know the story to Star Wars. To those who are die hard fans, skip this review. To everyone else who hasn't seen this movie, SEE IT!  Disregard the critics  who say it falls short of George Lucas' abilities and all that garbage.  This is Star Wars at it's finest!            The special effects are enough  to turn the heads of even the harshest anti-Star Wars protaganists. The  final battle scenes at the end of the movie are simply incredible! Of  course, there are heaping helpings of space scenes, and an underwater city  for a twist.            But it is so much more than just pretty pictures.  The storyline is stellar in it's deeply rich text plots, and we go places  that we have never been before in a Star Wars movie. The characters are a  little stiff at times (for example Queen Amidala, where in every scene it  seems as if she is made of cardboard with a moving mouth), but it somehow  nevers detracts from the storyline. Jar Jar Binks has been ruthlessly  criticized about being annoying, and while I agree they could have toned  him down a wee bit, he did add complexity and diversity to the flick and  managed to stay just far enough away from my skin to avoid getting under  it.            Overall, this movie, or should I say experience, should not  be missed by neither die-hard fans nor those new to the Star Wars universe.  Fantastic job, George!
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is an excellent album. The best tracks are &quot;Other Side&quot; and &quot;Californication&quot;. The Red Hot Chili Peppers ROCK!
6300248569|1.0|I am not being critical of the Pride and Predjudice version that is under review I think it is a great video.  But if you have seen one you have seen them all.   I suppose I am a bit prejudice, but I first saw the version  with Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle and I fell in love with characters.  i  have seen that version alot of times and i just got used to the characters  being the way they were,  i saw the new version to see how much it had  changed and if it would change my views on Pride and Prej as a story,  but  it didn't.  I didn't warm to the characters as much cause i expected them  to be the same.     Anyway If I had not seen the Colin Firth Version first  I would be as in love with the new version as I am with the old.  i think  it was great work and Elizabeth Garvie did a great job, along with the  supporting actors and crew.
B000002JSP|5.0|...it is all a matter of taste. and songs like &quot;in the evening&quot;, &quot;all of my love&quot; or &quot;fool in the rain&quot; are one of the best songs i have ever heard. after having listened to these songs you  dont care about this stupid &quot;good or bad respectively early against  late zep&quot; discussion anymore. these songs are worth buying the whole  cd or if you are on low budget download them on mp3...
B00000J2PH|5.0|She can sing and she can write the best music there is. How many times have her songs being covered by the must famous artists. But the best way to listen to classical songs as &quot;You have got a friend&quot; and  &quot;It's too late&quot; is to let the lady sing! She sings with the heart  and intention she only can, because she is the creator of these classics of  music. Everyone who loves music need this album in their collection.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Pop-Punk music in general is nothing amazing, and this CD is no exception. The guitar work is better than a lot of the original punk music I have listened to, though. The thing that really strikes me about this band is  the drummer. Travis has some very good &quot;melodic percussion&quot; on  this CD. The lyrics are pretty funny, though not terribly dry nor  monstrously creative. Overall, the CD is a fine addition to a pop-rock CD  collection, though by no means a ground-breaking or must-have album.
0062513346|2.0|Personally, the theme of the this book was too overwhelming for me to to consider factors like the literary style and genre of the book.<br />I read the Alchemist and thought it was great and inspirational and thought  provoking, hence I went on to read By the River Piedra I sat down and wept  (which was rather bad, in my opinion) and decided to give The Valkyries a  chance too.<br />I was frightened upon reading the book. I feel that somewhere  along the way Paulo and the ladies he met in the book have got their idea  of spirituality and religion wrong, and it seems to me that the powers they  are invoking are rather dubiously from the God of love.<br />In addition, I  find it rather difficult to take The Valkyries seriously when they travel  around the dessert clad in leather, sleeping around with whoever they want  to, and on motorbikes. Religion is a serious and scared thing, not meant to  be belittled by such garish acts.<br />The book is informative of alternative  impressions and opinions on religion, but don't read it if you are going to  be influenced by the ideas and upon completion, decide to find your own  personal angel via Coelho's methods because they really seem to be on the  threshold of dabbling with spirits and forces that are dangerous and not  necessarily from God.
0790737973|5.0|Was that a good movie or what!   An all star cast: Dustin Hoffman, Sharon Stone, and Samuel L. Jackson.  Great Acting, exciting, and a little scary.  If you like sci-fi, you'll love this movie!  A bit of addvice  though...Don't read the book first if you haven't all ready.  Its good but  the movie just won't be the same.  The movie will leave you hoping for a  seuquel.  Pay close attention...It can get conffusing.  In short...awsome  movie, see it!
B000002KKC|2.0|Given that this album took nine months to record, with studio costs of $20,000 per week, it's a grave disappointment. Fleetwood Mac's ambitions eventually collapsed in a heap of on-ice extravaganzas and creative  bankruptcy. A good sound quality isn't substitute for a serious lack of  memorable songs and melodies. Besides &quot;Sara&quot; and the densely  percussive, experimental title track, there's nothing rewarding here. I  once had the chance to buy this album at absolutely low price, and even  then I didn't want it. What about all these simple, half-way developed  tracks? If any other band had released this album, nobody would have  noticed. If I could, I'd give this disc a 1 1/2-star.<br />They would hit  ground again with &quot;Mirage&quot; and all their solo projects.
6305750750|5.0|Yeah, and it is good, we all know that already. If you are a Star Wars fan then you know how great the movie is, but George, we need a frickin' DVD here.
B00000JCB2|2.0|This is the most disappointing CD I've purchased in a very long time. Initially skeptical, after I heard and liked 3 different tunes on the radio, I decided to give it a chance.  Unfortunately, the rest of the disc pales in comparison.  Quite frankly, parts of this CD are so bad, it goes  so far as to diminish the songs I used to like in the first place. The  problem? First of all, the majority of songs here are highly unoriginal.  Most of them are so derivative you can easily identify the artist who's  being [imitated]. And by comparison, the Limp Bizkit tunes sound like a  total rip-off. And like most rip-offs, they are inferior.  That's the  second problem: so many of these songs are simply bad.  Unimaginative,  uninspired, pillars of mediocrity. The textures, the dynamics, the lyrics,  the structure: all of it bland and predictable. There is nothing here that  might suggest it would grow on me after a few more listens. On the  contrary, there is plenty here to discourage that. Which brings me to the  third, and most serious problem: the band comes across as embarrassingly  immature. In both ability and sensibility, they show an unmistakable lack  of depth. No amount of profanity or attitude can obscure this fact. And the  worst part about it is that they are so arrogant. On almost every track  they sing their own praises, as if they have to tell you how good they are  to make up for their lack of talent. It's actually kind of pitiful.<br /> That  being said, there are a handful of likable, if not particularly good, songs  here. But if it's music you're interested in, I wouldn't buy this disc. If  you're more interested in image, then this is probably a good choice.  Because ultimately this disc comes across as an unsubstantial marketing  vehicle aimed at young kids who want more badly to be cool than real.
B00003CWPR|1.0|In the arena of bestial slogging that most humanoids inhabit, the ISSUES raised by this film are of great importance.  The head Slogger has proclaimed it so!  Forgive me Stanley, but its 2AM... do you know where  your genitals are?
0521397812|5.0|Sometimes we tachers are so tired after a week of hard work,that we cant think of a good warm up activity. Thats when we needthis book , it has excellent ideas for all needs and purposes. I really like it. Its like a Bible to me.
0843178078|5.0|The Mr. Men series is really wonderful for kids 5-8 years old.  Each book tells a simple story with an important (yet easy-to-understand) moral.  The illustrations are very bright, colorful, and humorous.  Adults enjoy reading it along with their kids.<br />Mr. Chatterbox teaches the reader about  modesty and the importance of listening.  As his name suggests, he talks  too much!  His friends find a clever way to keep him quiet and make him a  better listener.  Could this apply to me as well as to my child?
0783235968|5.0|Baseball is and always will be the greatest American game, and no film has brought the passion of baseball to light like Field of Dreams.  However, this film is more than that: it is a story of ghosts, of fathers and sons,  and reconnecting hopes and dreams together.<br />Kevin Costner, is a terrific  and wholly believable performance, plays Ray Kinsella, a former hippie and  current Iowa farmer, living with his wife, Annie (Amy Madigan) and daughter  Karen (Gaby Hoffmann).  As he walks through his cornfields one day, he  hears a voice that says to him: \\"If you build it, he will come.\\"  Costner  interprets this message to mean that he should build a baseball field in  the middle of his farm, even though it would mean a terrible financial  loss.  From there, the story takes twists and turns involving the writer  Terrence Mann, the great, but shamed baseball star Shoeless Joe Jackson,  and others.<br />Most of all, though, this film is about second chances.  Without giving away too much, it should  be said that Phil Alden Robinson,  who both brilliantly wrote and directed this film, manages to takes the  very best emotions from the game and merges them with the importance of  family, redemption, and even magic.  This is truly a classic film that  should stand as among the greatest film of time.<br />Vote: 10
6305718954|1.0|So my girlfriend wanted to see this in the theater. We broke up shortly after. Here is the jist, girl gets amulet, gets possessed, get rescued by priest. The end. Oh, and sadly, there was no green puke. I can't hate this  movie more, though I tried. Do yourself the favor, don't see it.
B000002C1X|5.0|Why did these guys find it so hard to just be normal? - this is the question asked by one reviewer of this awseome piece.  I shall tell you why - because Pink Floyd were incredibly talented, they were pioneers and  innovators. They were anything but &quot;normal&quot;.  Normal bands tend  to be mediocre at best or even boring, but not Pink Floyd though.  They  were a truly ground-breaking act who were many, many years ahead of their  time.  They were also capable of producing the most devastatingly original  and brilliant music, as heard on this album.  This album is perhaps the  most under-rated of their post-Dark Side Of The Moon work.  It's also a  piece that has been misunderstood by a lot of people who don't really  understand what it's about - alienation and separation is the big theme  here, although anguish at losing a parent in a tragic and terrible war and  discovering one's darker side are also touched upon.  Despite the gloom,  this is a brilliant work of satire and although not musically as good as  Dark Side or Wish You Were Here, The Wall is a great album and is perhaps  Roger Waters' best all-round writing effort.  The production and sense of  dynamics is truly awesome.  You need to listen all the way through because  of the narrative - it's not an album of hit singles or songs that make much  sense heard in isolation.  This is an album, along with Sgt Pepper, The  White Album and of course, DSOTM, that any true rock music fan must own.  A  classic.  Check out the new live version too.
B00000BKE1|3.0|Unlike the very uneven'No Prayer...',Maiden's 1992 opus was a recovery of power and inspiration,but still below the level of their glorious 1979-1988 era.Bruce's last album with the band,it had many hints of their slight  change of direction with Blaze Bayley fronting.Thorough Maiden collectors  will want this one.
6304117310|5.0|Overall, speed was an excellent film with a wonderful movie plot and magnificent characters but what really made this movie 5 stars was the lead actor Keanu Reeves.  He so gorgeous, unbelievably hot that after you watch  this movie, you WILL fall in love with him instantly.
630476524X|1.0|The weird thing about this movie is that I disliked it more out of frustration then quality (which is still poor ... don't get the wrong idea).  I actually liked that idea the each movie that comes out would have  it's own unique spin.  Sometimes I find that the problem with sequels is  that the whole movie seems forced in a way.   So going into the movie, for  a moment or two, I'm feeling this sequel has the potential to be better  than the first Crow. Unfortunately everyone on this movie seemed to just  drop the ball and after the first twenty minutes any momentum Goyer's story  had gained disintegrates into same revenge-o-rama that was found in the  first movie. And for all his luscious command of texture, Pope cut his  teeth making music videos - and it shows. He pads the now-uneventful story  with at least three. There's the &quot;Just Discovered I'm The Crow and I  Think I'll Ride My Motorcycle&quot; video. There's the &quot;Here's L.A. By  Night, Sort of Looks Like Blade Runner&quot; video (a perennial hit with  many sci-fi directors). And there's the &quot;I Want To Fall in Love With  You But I Think I'll Ride My Motorcycle Instead&quot; video. Despite the  fact that the soundtrack includes music by Hole, Filter, Bush, White  Zombie, Seven Mary Three, P.J. Harvey and N.Y. Loose, these sequences are  cotton wadding for the mind.  The movie, in the end, is even less - and  that's a pity. The first Crow was undone by circumstances beyond anyone's  control. Brandon Lee (son of Bruce, and around whom it was hoped they could  build a series) was accidentally shot to death during a stunt, and the film  released was pasted together from the action sequences, which were most of  what they'd managed to film. Here, with Perez - visually, a virtual double  for Lee- they had an opportunity to give a fascinating idea for a franchise  a proper launch, and they've blown it.
0792844602|5.0|I have waited for this movie to come out on video because it is one of the best by Alexander Korda. It is authentic, fast paced, exciting, with excellent cimetography and character developement.Alexandra Korda was  renown for his adherrance to historical detail, which makes his movies  masterpieces. I firmly believe &quot; The Four Feathers&quot; is his  crowning masterpiece and I don't think anyone who gets this video will be  disappointed.I thoroughly enjoyed it and I highly recommend it for anyones  collection.
B00004LN16|4.0|The new record from this legendary band was worth the wait,since it follows gloriously in the steps of the three great AC/DC albums released in the first half of the eighties.They also topped all that with a genuine  seventies feel-not on all tracks though-making their new effort even more  credible.
6305127638|1.0|Hey glad you noticed my post. Actually you have made a subtle mistake.  If the Borg had taken the earth in the past THERE WOULD BE NO ENTERPRISE.  Get it?  No Picard, No Kirk.  Nothing. That is what I meant by my post.  Its  quite possible I didnt explain it properly in my post and I apologize.  However to assume I didnt have the volume up is just rude.<br />From a warm  place,<br />Wayne
B0000033OZ|5.0|The fact that albums like this one are given  short shrift by rock critics says far more about the dark state of rock criticism than it does  about the quality of the music contained herein. Every second on Emerson, Lake  And Palmer's debut album (with the exception of Palmer's accomplished but  somewhat needless drum solo on &quot;Tank&quot;) is a triumph, as the group  moves effortlessly between the universes of rock, jazz and classical music  before heading into newly-charted realms of electronica with the Moog.   Their sense of ensemble playing on tracks like &quot;The Barbarian&quot;  and &quot;Take A Pebble&quot; is breathtaking.  OK, so if Black Flag are  your favorite group then you probably won't get into ELP, but for those  willing to take musical chances--while retaining all the passion and more  of any celebrated punk record--then check this one out.  Although ELP could  at times get indulgent with the solos, the debut avoids this pitfall; the  soloing is  virtuostic, to be sure, but every note has a purpose.  It is  also the  work which best balances their lighter and heavier sides (by  contrast, albums like &quot;Tarkus&quot; and &quot;Brain Salad  Surgery&quot; are 90% frantically hard-edged), and even the lyrics to  &quot;Take A Pebble&quot; and &quot;Lucky Man&quot; are of interest. For  all of these reasons and more, it remains (IMO) their finest effort, and  still one of the best prog-rock albums ever made.
0312853238|2.0|An ordinary, okay book. Not gripping. Not particularly thought-provoking. I found it tedious at times, pointlessly dark and depressing, and lacking in vividness -- I wholeheartedly agree with the reviewer who mentioned the dull writing style that doesn't give a good picture. If this book is gripping it's largely because of what the reader brings to it, which is fine, but not every reader will find it the greatest book ever written. <br />I bought it on the strength of the reviews and expected to like it. The first third was alright but eventually I gave in to my disappointment. It didn't contain a message I don't already know, and it didn't pack a punch.  <br />Maybe the reviewer who said \\"Will disappoint mature readers\\" had a point -- this is not an insult to those who loved it, but a comment on the age of those who didn't. Maybe the themes are fairly good ones that some of us have encountered elsewhere before. There are other books about too-smart kids, kids under pressure, individuals who feel isolated, etc. And there are other tremendously engaging or thoughtful sci-fi books. Asimov's Robots and Empire series, The Gods Themselves, David Brin's Earth, John Brunner's Shockwave Rider etc. Which ones you find engaging will depend partly on you.
B000002JK2|5.0|The above reviews did not help me, as I have loved this album since it was released. While I agreed with most of the favorable comments in the reviews, none of them mentioned the crowning  achievement,&quot;Misunderstood&quot;. The line&quot;I just want to be  misunderstood!&quot; is the essence of the Rock and Roll spirit, period!
0446525537|5.0|What a great book!  I believe every high school student should have to read this book.  It's about the popular rich boy and a poor dorky preacher's daughter.  At first the boy is embarrassed by his forced  friendship with this girl, but eventually he sees what no one else sees,  and begins to have a profound love and respect for this insightful young  lady.  And it's true!  You will laugh, and you will most definately cry!   But you should not go another day without having reading this book!  It is  abounding in moral values that today's youth is lacking.  This is one to  buy for the kids, as well as yourself!
B0000033TE|5.0|&quot;Brain Salad Surgery&quot; is, by common consensus, Emerson Lake And Palmer's best album.  It is even the album that their harshest critics tend to  slightly accomodate, although I'm not sure why this one especially over  the first album or &quot;Trilogy&quot;.  While I prefer the debut album,  myself (less synth overkill, although some of the synth work here is  great), &quot;Brain Salad Surgery&quot; is ELP's most coherent concept  album.  Even the pieces which lie outside of the &quot;Karn Evil 9&quot;  suite tie in with the overall themes of human strengths and frailties vs.  the consistent but cold techno-nightmare of the future (more relevant now  than ever, BTW).  <br />&quot;Jerusalem&quot; sets up the grand spiritual  design of the album, but is then undercut by the elaborately sequenced  synth bleeps of &quot;Toccata&quot;, which paint a nightmarish wash of  electronic sound.  Is it classical music, rock, or an exceptionally  elaborate soundtrack to a video game?  &quot;Still You Turn Me On&quot;  changes the mood yet again, although its soothing acoustic guitar and  harpsichord textures retain a haunting feel.  &quot;Benny The Bouncer&quot;  is another of the Wild-West comedy pieces, designed to take one back to the  past before vaulting forward into the future of &quot;Karn Evil 9&quot;;  although usually dismissed, it would be a good number were it not for the  presence of synths which ruin the atmosphere towards the end (hence, my  complaint about synth overkill--this review would actually be  four-and-half-stars).<br />Karn Evil 9 itself has been analyzed before; it is  quite a journey, moving from the quintessential hard rock portrait of a  soulless human society (MTV and daytime talk shows, anyone?) in the 1st  Impression (with lines like &quot;see the gypsy queen in a glaze of  vaseline, peforming on a guillotine, what a scene, what a scene&quot;, the  lyrics manage to mock their own pretensions, something the critics often  forget), to the smartly led jazz-piano comeback of the second impression,  to the man vs.computer battle of the third.  The third impression paints a  vivid picture of battle through its use of solos and synth effects; in the  end, the computer wins.  If you don't like electronic music, this isn't for  you (although you still might like &quot;Still...You Turn Me On&quot; and  KE9 2nd Impression&quot;, and then later get into the other songs).  But  overall, ELP made their finest statement with BSS--one that foretold the  future, even if their finest work was on their first album.
0553277472|5.0|This enlightening book is as valuable today as when it was first published. I was not surprised that literature and philosophy professors at my alma mater, The University of Michigan, required their students to read  Pirsig's best book in the 1970's when it was published.  I am not in the  least surprised that the book remains in print today, and is earning new  admirers.  Readers must bring to this classic the patience and  attentiveness that it deserves and they will be richly rewarded.
B000035Z3K|5.0|The Lugosi version of Dracula is not the best or scariest version of the tale, nor is it a particular favorite of mine.  In fact, up until now I've never felt compelled to have it in my collection.  However, the multiple  versions of the film and other supplemental material contained on this DVD  make it a DVD that's simply too cool not to own.
0380804557|5.0|The author sets the scene very well and creates a very immersive enviroment.  The characters are humorous and Gaiman's jokes that he worked into the story give the book a light perspective.  Once you pick it up, you  won't be able to put it down.  Perhaps one of the best books I've ever  read.
B0000033P2|4.0|&quot;Trilogy&quot; is the ELP studio album which best showcases all of the various styles they dabbled in during their peak creative phase from 1970-1973, and thus makes a great starting point for those wanting to get  into the group.  There's the semi-symphonic suite (&quot;Endless  Engima&quot;, featuring the wonderful piano &quot;Fugue&quot; at its  center), the catchy acoustic ballad from Lake (the FM hit &quot;From The  Beginning&quot;), the Wild-West comedy number that echoes The Beatles'  &quot;Rocky Raccoon&quot; (&quot;The Sheriff&quot;), the classical cover  (&quot;Hoedown&quot;, one of the hottest covers in their repertoire and  another FM staple), hard rock (&quot;Living Sin&quot;), and synth  exploration (&quot;Abaddon's Bolero&quot;).  The album harkens back to the  first in that it is concise and balanced between light and heavy angles,  with all three members honing their skills to create prog music with  purpose and direction. Many fans consider this to be their best, or second  best after &quot;Brain Salad Surgery&quot;,<br />although for me the album is  lessened by the title track, a very popular number that is ruined by some  horrendous lyrics and truly ear-splitting synth sounds.  Also, while  &quot;Abaddon's Bolero&quot; is a nice experiment in contrapuntal synth  overdubs, it remains no more than that. Still, if one wants to hear a solid  album created by ELP during their heyday, &quot;Trilogy&quot; is a fine one  to play.
0843174781|4.0|Mr. Nosey is so nosey that he is always putting his nose into other peoples business.  This book tells the story of how this can be very annoying to people, and what some people did to teach Mr. Nosey a lesson.  Mr. Nosey learned a good lesson and is not so Nosey any more.<br />Mr. Nosey  does not encounter any of the other Mr. Men from the Mr. Men series in this  book.  He does meet several people from the local town.<br />Of the Mr. Men  books that I have read, I would recommend this one, it it not the best work  by Roger Hargreaves, but it is near the top of the list. I would recommend  Mr. Tall in addition to this one. If you do buy a Mr. Men book, then you  should get a couple because they are very small.
B000002KBU|5.0|Joni is the best poet/artist of the 60s/70s era. Her best work is just Joni with her voice, her verse and either the acoustic guitar or solo piano.  Through the pain in &quot;Little Green&quot; or &quot;River&quot;  or the Bohemian joy of &quot;Carey&quot;, Joni paints the picture of a life  lived without limits.  So, lets just make a 'toast to nothing, smash our  empty glasses down' and enjoy this album.  It'll be rediscovered by young  folks for the next 1000 years.
B000002J09|5.0|I really like &quot;Physical Graffiti&quot; best, but this one is a pure classic, too.  &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; is the greatest rock song ever even though many people do not want to agree.  From beginning to end,  each song has its own sound and grips the listener tightly.  Anyone who  wants to have a respectable collection of rock albums cannot be without  this one.
B000000OQF|5.0|If there was ever a rock album that could describe a decade Guns N' Roses freshman release was it.  Appetite For Destruction was the title of this album, and one thing was for sure, it destroyed everything in the '80's.   No one was safe, not even the mighty Van Halen and Motley Crue.<br />This  album hits you hard and it hits you fast, beginning with the first song.   Welcome To The Jungle is by far the definition of Guns N' Roses.  It had  catchy lyrics, great guitar play, and of course the shrieking trade mark  vocals of one Axl Rose.   No let down occurs between the second song and  the first as the great guitar of It's So Easy follows the shrieking of Axl  Rose.  Rose shows his talent on this track, showing that he can sing, and  not just shriek.  It too has catchy lyrics, and of course  the rifts by  Izzy Stradlin and Slash really make this track.  At 3 is the next hit off  this album.  Night Train is the first showing off of the percussion skills  of the then talented Steven Adler.  Again catchy lyrics hit here, but the  guitar is lacking.  Though Adler on the skins more than makes up for the  lack of decent guitar on track 3.  Track 5 is another great song, as we  again see the percussion skills of Steven Adler.  Mr. Brownstone is a great  song, with decent enough guitar, great percussion, and great lyrics.  One  would think that Axl and company would be running out of hits by track 6.   Think again:  Paradise City knocks one over in the 6 hole.  This is the  first time on the albumt that one can really see what  mad skills Slash and  Izzy Stradlin have.  The dueling guitars can be heard, and the guitar work  would be enough to make this song an instant classic.  Though the  percussion is awesome, and Axl's vocals on this song are superb, making for  another hit for the boys from L.A.  The last classic on the album is Sweet  Child O'Mine at track 9.  The rift at the beginning of this song is enough  to make it great.  The lyrics are the best ever done by Guns N' Roses and,  and Axl might never have done a better song vocally.  You're Crazy at 10  rounds the CD out very nicely, it is okay, but not the classics that the  other tracks listed above are.  No track on this disk is bad, except for My  Michelle at 7.  The rest are very good tracks, and would be considered  classics by today's music fans.  My advice.  Pick up a copy of this cd,  because it truly defined the '80's and it is a must have for any rock fan
B000003TAL|2.0|I know, I know, you probably love this album. You're thinking, this reviewer has no taste whatsoever. Maybe so, maybe not. I've read all the glowing reviews, I've tried to really listen, it's no use. I can't seem to  swallow this thing. I find it annoying, pretentious, I am thankful when  they stop singing and start making noise. The noise is pretty heavy, I like  that part, but the singing sounds, well, banal. A few songs are good, but  this album is overrated. It's definitely worth hearing, it's considered a  classic and so many really dig it, but not me.
0440214041|2.0|I like Grisham but this book did not have as much to offer as other Grisham books.  It started off with a bang (literally) and I thought I was in for a great read, however, the pace quickly slowed.  There were just too  many good guys and bad guys (call me stupid but I never have figured out  Verheek) and Darby Shaw was the most incredibly stupid person on the face  of the earth.  I would recommend Grisham's other books over this one.  The  Firm, The Jury, The Client, The Chamber, The Partner all have a lot more to  offer.
B00000J6AG|4.0|The first two tracks are a bit repetitious, but hang in there.  After that, it's sublime.  Especially great are &quot;Porcelain&quot; and &quot;Run On&quot;.
0451191153|1.0|This book is philosophically unsound, both in its arguments and in its source.<br />Just as an example:  Ayn Rand has the excellent suggestion that a building's style should be determined by its materials, and both should be  determined by its purpose and its location.  <br />But if that is so, how can  she think of building a temple for the human spirit out of stone (one of  the central themes of the book)?   <br />What human spirit would be content  in stone?  What human spirit does not desire to create, to modify, to move?   As such, the only proper temple can be living flesh and blood.  Yet one of  her central themes does seem to be that noble human spirits are best  enshrined in steel and stone.<br />She didn't carry her philosophy all the way  through. <br />This problem is repeated time and again.  Thus, to those who  find philosophical soundness to be important, I would advise them to go  elsewhere.  Even Atlas Shrugged is better on that scale.
B000009QPE|5.0|the seminal godhood of this album cannot be overstated. It simply slaughters anything in its path - i even put it on after Cannibal corpse bloodthirtst and it blew it away. Angel of death is the most intense,  extreme song EVER recorded period. The riff after the bridge is probably  the best thrash riff ever. The epic raining blood contains the greatest  ever intro. Master of puppets cannot even compare to this in any way - The  only thing Metallica ever had over Slayer was Cliff. I cannot recommend  this album enough, it is still just as powerful and raw today. I don't  often give five stars but this album deserves 10. No one ever will ever  come close to even TOUCHING this epic ever again. This is THE album to get  if you are tired of Korn Slipknot and Limp and other such trendy trash.  Someone wrote in a cannibal corpse review that he thinks people who think  Slayer+Megedeth heavy are laughable - I think that in the case of Megadeth  this is true but this album absolutely represents the epitome of heaviness  - own it and it will own you.
0345315227|4.0|As a big Arthur C. Clarke fan - he and Stanislaw Lem are my favorite sci-fi authors - I  do agree with many reviews that 3001 is not on a par with his classics. Yet I found the book engaging, witty, and intelligent  all the way  through, especially ACC's visions of our scientific future.  Space elevators all the way! It all could have been done with more drama,  though. Admittedly, there are some oddities here. ACC's too-frequent  commentaries on contemporary issues and events, especially his  anti-religious ragings, are distracting. The sinister motives of  the  monolith-builders, and affecting a monolith with computer viruses, are a  little odd.  The monolith-builders sudden restriction to speed-of-light  travel is a puzzle. But for anyone who has followed the  monumental 2001  series, how can they miss the conclusion? There is plenty of the Clarke  magic  (but no mysticism!) here that should please his fans. And my worries  about Frank Poole are  finally over!
B00004RFDW|5.0|A gripping film depicting the terrible cost paid by those who dare to expose the underhanded tactics perpetrated by the tobacco industry. Pacino and Crowe are excellent in the leading roles. This is one of Pacino's best  performances. A film well-worth seeing.
6302548195|5.0|This is taken from Arnold's words of wisdom part. Gotta love the accent and deep voice. Burning muscle,flexing,mental preparation and agonizing  pain(groan). This movie shows that nothing comes easy in life and that hard  work and perseverance is the key to success.-AMAZING motivator. It's also  nicer to look at compared to today's grossed out Pro's. If you think your  workout's hard, try surviving this one.Don't miss out on this classic.
B000002BQK|4.0|I became a huge Mariah fan only months ago, and one of my goals for this year is to collect all her albums. Well, this is the 3rd album I've heard by her, following #1s &amp; Rainbow, and I have to say, it's not one of the  best. There are too many ballads, not enough up-beat songs. But it's still  good- It's got the great &quot;Honey&quot; on it, which I think is Mariah's  best song EVER, and there's the Butterfly interlude. This is a good album,  but if I had to choose between this &amp; Rainbow, Rainbow would definitely  be it.
B00000K0DT|5.0|A wonderful movie.  Byrne and Spacey are great actors, but it's really the plot that carries this movie.  For the first time in history, The Usual Suspects allows the words &quot;Stephen Baldwin&quot; and &quot;fantastic  movie&quot; to be used in the same sentence.
B000021Y77|4.0|this is not the perfect film, however it is engagingly inventive and intelligent. the reality bending techniques (animated scenes, split second montages, and three separated sequences) expand the dimensions of cinema.  no film in recent history has been able to break the norms of standard film  so gracefully. if anything, it's worth renting, however it's not for  everyone. it has a distinct taste that won't appeal to everyone. which is  part of it's magic, it doesn't pander to what audiences want, it gives the  audience what it needs: creativity.
0671042858|2.0|Compared to Bag of Bones and other Stephen King greats, this book let me down.  The writting was good but the story did not seem to go anywhere.  When I finished the book, I didn't feel that much happened since the second  chapter.  I love Mr. King's books and will continue to read them.  However,  I do not recommend that this be one of his books that you buy.
0380973464|4.0|I have read the 2 previous Stephenson books and I think that this one keeps up the trend of excellent storytelling.  There is a lot of fun parts to the story and while I found most of the technical info interesting, it  was a bit too much like reading a beginners instruction manual to the  particular technology in question. The book has a larger scope than simple  treasure hunting, which impressed me as well.  The whole &quot;HEAP&quot;  anti-genocide internet site idea is a great concept if eveyone on the  planet had access to uncensored computers. I look forward to reading the  next book by this author as they really draw you into the story and make  you think.
6305776369|5.0|I First Would Like To Say I Think This Is A Very Funny Movie,Though It Is Not The Best SNL Skit To Movie Made.Ok,The Plot Is A 17 Year Old High School Student Played By Molly Shannon,Is A Young Girl Who Has Only One  Thing To Do In Life,And That Is To Be A SUPERSTAR!Shannon Plays A Girl Who  Is After Will Ferral's Sky Corragan,The Head Man In School.She Has To Go  Through A Few Challengs To Finnaly Get What She Deserves.There Are Some  Flaws,Like It Is Less Than 1:30 Mins..... Have A Good Day
6305212112|5.0|This movie is the best motion picture ever made. The End.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Has Metallica sold out? Who knows. Is their new stuff as good as the old music? Hell no. It's not even close...save a few.<br />One of those being the new &quot;No Leaf Clover.&quot; Supposedly a holdover from reload, it's  clearly the best song on the CD. Probably because they were better able to  mesh it with the new symphony sound. After clover though, the best songs  are &quot;For whom the bell tolls,&quot; and &quot;Master of Puppets.&quot;  Both of the songs are refreshed by the symphonic additions. Then again, I'm  a sucker for band+symphony efforts, and this was right up my alley.<br />What  I want to know is, what's up with the &quot;clean&quot; versions? Is having  copies sold at Wal-Mart that important? Maybe they have sold out. All I  know, if the next album is called re-reload, I'm not buying it!
B00000K31Q|4.0|This film combines an American teen movie with Shakespeare's Taming of the Shrew and it creates a wonderful piece of work. Basic plotline: Bianca want to start dating Joey, but she's not allowed to until her sister starts  dating. Her sister Kat (played by Julia Stiles) has no intention of doing  so. Cameron wants to date Bianca, so he has to find someone brave and  persistant enough to take out Kat for financial gain, enter Patrick  Verona.(Sexy Heath Ledger) This film is smashing, great for an evenings fun  entertainment, with very interesting and unusual characters. I especially  like the bizarre habits of the teachers. It has an excellent soundtrack  featuring Letters from Cleo and the Cardigans amongst others. The really  nice thing about this film is that everyone should enjoy it. A definite  must buy(I already own it); enough said.
B00000JCOV|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST BAND I HAVE EVER LISTEN TO!  THE LYRICS ARE INSANE! THE GUITARS ARE FAST! AND THE 3 DRUMMERS ARE GOD-LIKE! THESE FREAKS BURST OUT THE MOST INTENSE MUSIC I HAVE EVER HEARD! IF THE HEAVIEST STUFF YOU LISTEN  TO IS KORN THIS ALBUM WILL BLOW YOU AWAY!  AS LONG AS YOU ARE NOT A  PERSON WHO LIVES IN THE PAST AND LISTENS TO EIGHTIES ROCK YOU WILL LOVE  IT!  EVERYONE KNOWS THIS C.D. IS AMAZING! ITS ONLY THE EIGHTIES ROCK FANS  THAT GIVE IT ANYTHING LESS THAN 5 STARS! THIS DESERVES 10 STARS!  THESE  GUYS ARE GOING TO BE HUGE!
0812550706|5.0|This is only the second time I can recall picking up a book and literally not being able to put it down until I finished it.  Fortunately, I started it in the early afternoon, so I was only up until 3:30am with it.<br />Card  does an excellent job keeping the reader in suspense.  Every time I  finished a chapter, I was compelled to start the next one just to find out  what they would throw at Ender next, and to see if his brother was a  homicidal maniac or not.<br />I was particularly encouraged to find a good Sci  Fi book that I would feel comfortable giving to a young teenager to read.   There are no sex scenes, and only mild swearing.  <br />Great book.
B00000JCOV|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST BAND I HAVE EVER LISTEN TO!  THE LYRICS ARE INSANE! THE GUITARS ARE FAST! AND THE 3 DRUMMERS ARE GOD-LIKE! THESE FREAKS BURST OUT THE MOST INTENSE MUSIC I HAVE EVER HEARD! IF THE HEAVIEST STUFF YOU LISTEN  TO IS KORN THIS ALBUM WILL BLOW YOU AWAY!  AS LONG AS YOU ARE NOT A  PERSON WHO LIVES IN THE PAST AND LISTENS TO EIGHTIES ROCK YOU WILL LOVE  IT!  EVERYONE KNOWS THIS C.D. IS AMAZING! ITS ONLY THE EIGHTIES ROCK FANS  THAT GIVE IT ANYTHING LESS THAN 5 STARS! THIS DESERVES 10 STARS!  THESE  GUYS ARE GOING TO BE HUGE!
006092988X|4.0|A Tree Grows in Brooklyn By Betty Smith<br /> Betty Smith isn't well known for her many works, but the one book that almost everyone has heard about, is A Tree Grows in Brooklyn.  In this novel she shows herself to be  an author of great depth and knowledge; she gives us a peek into the  complex human soul.  All her words come straight from the heart to make a  story that engulfs all who read it.  This book gives great insight into  life; it shows why many people strive to become someone better and how some  people are able to move up to a better station in life even though there  are tremendous odds and forces working against them.   A Tree Grows in  Brooklyn touches everyone's' hearts.  It is about a little girl, Mary  Frances Nolan (also known as Francie), growing up in the poorer part of  Brooklyn with a drunken, singing waiter for a father.  This father somehow  always makes her feel so special and \\"normal\\".  She lives with her a  severely realistic mother, father, and a brother who is favorite child.   She is treated poorly throughout school because she is so different and  independent.  Even at birth she was thought of as \\"different\\" just because  she was born with a caul which was supposed to indicate that the child was  set apart to do great things in the world.  Francie always kept to herself  and was the silent studious type, which deepened the division between  herself and the other of the children.  In fast Francie entertained herself  with books from the local library; she promised herself, that one day she  would read all the books in the library.  Her brother's birth, not one year  after hers, deepens the division even more.  She feels even more  disconnected from the rest of the world at Neeley's (her brother) birth,  fore he is the favored son and gets all the attention that Francie lacked.  At a very young age Francie learned how important money is as well as the  division in society caused by money as well as education. Because of this  divisionand Neeley's favoritism, Francie becomes the sole provider for the  family after the her father's death.  She goes to work straight after  graduation from grade school and never gets to have the pleasure and luxury  of a high school diploma, but that doesn't stop her from her dreams.  Her  dreams of moving up in the world, to a place were you don't have to worry  about where your next meal comes from; a place where money doesn't  necessarily make you rich.  True, this sounds like a ridicules dream  considering that today a high school diploma is mandatory for everyone.  At  this point in time; however, very few people, without wealth, were able to  get a higher education or even be able to go to high school.  Yet nothing  can stop Francie from completing her dream. This wonderful book cuts right  to the heart of life.  It show the true American dream; the dream of higher  education and a better and equal way of life for everyone.  The novel tell  this dream through one special girl who realizes that she can be and do  better.  If you don't read A Tree Grows in Brooklyn you will be denying  yourself a rich experience of the true American dream.  A dream that has  made this country what it is today.
B0000025F7|5.0|It's simply the best. Period!
B00000J7S8|5.0|Very few musicians have the combination of talent and emotion that Diana Krall embodies. Her ability at the piano is astounding and her phrasing is impeccible. She can make you cry one minute and make you dance the next.  Her choice of covered standards is thoughtful of the past, yet she brings  her own style to each of them. I am glad she arrived on a scene devoid of  young, talented musicians devoted to the best of jazz standards. I have  every one of her CD's and am very grateful she chose the genre she chose.  Bravo, Diana!
0312243022|4.0|Cunningham's \\"The Hours\\" is a luminous mesmerizing piece, aloft and afloat like Poe's \\"dream within a dream.\\"  The narrative deftly slips from the mentally-fragile Virginia Woolf (away from bright complex confusion of  London for a suburban \\"cure\\" in the 20's while formulating \\"Mrs. Dalloway\\")  to Laura (whose marriage in the sun-splintered vividness of  50's LA  suddenly becomes a prismatic entrapment) to Clarissa (a publisher w/in  artful NYC in the AIDS-decimated 90's.)  This triptych is a remarkably  readable measure of the mundane's depths and heights as we move through a  single day in these three women's lives. <br />Echoic motifs reverberate  throughout, including \\"a room (and/or time and space) of one's own,\\" the  need for exquisite moments to perfect one's creation, yellow roses, a  hovering presence just out of peripheral sight, the nearness of death  within life, a spontaneous trip crowding the day's duties, a taboo kiss  between women, and sanity coming undone in the bright brash confusions of  the respective modern lives --to name but several.  However, the power is  in the telling here, the use of language as a medium for slipping into  these streams of consciousness and their respective milieus.<br />Read it on a  spring afternoon, or create that sense by reading it anytime.
0140067477|5.0|Benjamin Hoff is an excellent author and this book has a simple but profound effect on most who read it. Even if you have no prior knowledge of Tao, its stories and relevance to life in general make it worth every cent.
B00000294R|5.0|I just love the beats on this album. NFL.
0451169514|5.0|One of my all-time favorites! King brings upon another evil villian- as well as 7 kids to fight it. At 1,093 pages, it's the longest book I've read, although it doesn't drag on too much. It flashes back between The  &quot;Losers&quot; childhood, and too when they rejoin to finally try and  kill IT again. I prefer their childhood.  You'll love the characters- Bill,  Bev, Richie, Stan, Eddie, Ben &amp; Mike, and especially Pennywise. What  I'm trying to say is this: Stephen King's It is a great read, although I  wouldn't exactly recommend it for your first SK novel. It has a creepy  plotline and an overall good story. Mature readers... as always ;) Enjoy!
B00000K3D4|5.0|This movie is great for children ranging in age from 2 and on. I love this movie even now and I am 15 it is my all time favorite and a must see for people of all ages!
B000000OTU|4.0|I've had this CD for a few years(..wow..has it been out that long already?)and it still remains one of my favorites that I still listen to every now and again. It's a mix of the best of Aerosmith's albums, and just  about every song on here rocks. My favorites are &quot;Angel&quot;,  &quot;What It Takes&quot;, &amp; &quot;Deuces are Wild&quot;, but I must  say I can't really knock any songs on this album. This is Aerosmith at it's  best...classic songs from an amazing rock band.
6305750750|4.0|I remember well the feeling I had watching the opening sequence to Star Wars nearly 25 years ago, Princess Leia's ship being chased by a gigantic star cruiser. Well I have been hooked ever since and despite some of the  criticism that the Phantom Menace has received, it looks as if I am going  to be hooked for the next 25 years!<br />The first three Star Wars films (i.e.  up until the 'first' Star Wars movie) are all about Anakin Skywalker and  how he comes to bring balance to 'the force'. This film cleverly introduces  him as a small boy: a wizard pilot and at electronics (it is he who builds  C3PO) and lays the foundation for all the events we know that are to come.  We are told that he sees things before they happen and that he has no  father (he is the product or a virgin birth). We observe the way that is  relationship with Queen Amidala develops (who I assume he marries later)  and are given an inkling of the fear that will make him turn to the dark  side.<br />It is all here. I have watched this four times since I got the  video and each time I find another piece that fits into the puzzle that is  George Lucas' grand scheme. Just watch for the way that R2D2 is introduced  to the story.<br />There is much more to this film than the effects (which  although we now take for granted are still wonderful to watch), Darth  Maul's evil grace and the pod race and Ewan McGregor's accent are just  examples.<br />The story provides a great backdrop to the characters: the Jedi  are summoned to resolve a conflict between Naboo and the Trade Federation,  the Sith are behind an intricate political manouvre to take over the  Council (yes I do belive that Senator Palpatine is indeed Darth Sidious who  becomes the Empreror). Naboo wins through the bravery of its queen and but  Senator Palpatine becomes leader of the Council. The goodies appear to have  won, but all is not what it seems.<br />Everything is being set up for the  next instalment. Obi Wan being allowed to train Anakin, the death of Darth  Maul leaving an open place for Darth Vader and the relationship between  Amidala and Anakin as the first step towards Luke Skywalker.<br />This is a  truly wonderful story and I admit that I am totally caught up with it. I  cannot wait for Episode 2 and in the meantime can satisy myself with repeat  playings of the 4 episodes I have.<br />Watch it and watch it again.
038532653X|5.0|We bought this book after reading a favorable review of it inthe New York Times Book Review.  I was skeptical: for the most part,book reviews seem to get it wrong with respect to children's literature, believing that children most want gently-wrought, monosyllabic, dumbed-down stories.  I read Skellig to my six-year-old daughter. We could not put it down. The man/angel, Skellig, is a character not often found in children's literature: he is gentle, plaintive, weird, human, ethereal and a little spooky all at once. Needless to say, we were both boo-hooing by the end.  One word about the beginning: don't be put off by its rather formulaic start, i.e., new house, unfamiliar school, sick baby, dark garage. The amalgam of events, and especially the way David Almond presents them, makes Skellig one that should or should have received the Newberry.
6303921248|5.0|Kudos to A &amp; E television which provides an amusing, intelligent, and moving version of Austen's beloved Pride and Prejudice. Instead of butchering the novel as many tv series have done, A &amp; E remains  faithful to the plot and writing, and the result is ready wit and dialogue  that entertains and stimulates the mind. I have seen this movie multiple  times and have yet to tire of it. The characters are superbly portrayed,  and the male and female leads, including Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle,  lend a brilliance and energy to the screen that reaffirms our faith in true  love and the union of minds as well as bodies in marriage. This movie is a  beautifully done interpretation of a novel that wins on both the literary  and film levels. When reading the book, the movie set makes a wonderful,  insightful companion.
630575067X|1.0|Star Wars used to be a respected franchise...Not Anymore!  Interest in the next prequel will be even less than PM after the dissapointment in this one. Also does Lucas really think he can move the market with his VHS only  stance? He's only going to be remembered as the Grifter he is to shake more  money out of the rabid &quot;fans&quot; out there who need to get a life  anyway.
B000002UJQ|5.0|You have heard the hype from your friends and maybe read all the great reviews; but until you have heard Thom's vocals at the end of &quot;Let Down&quot;, how they soar and blend, or the simple guitar at the beginning  of &quot;No Surprises&quot; you won't understand.  This is so elegant and  calming; it's like classical music with vocals and feedback.
B000021XR5|5.0|I first reviewed this CD when it came out in November, 1999, and gave it a very favorable review (4 Stars) but after only a dozen or so listens, I wasn't prepared to accord it classic status.  But now, twenty weeks later,  ladies and germs ... it looks like . . . without a doubt .  .  .  WE HAVE A  CLASSIC! If anyone knows a better ROCK album that came out in 1999, I will  trip over myself in rushing out to buy it.  Tracks 2, 3, and 4 (Heaven and  Hot Rods/Pruno/Church on Tuesday) are the best triptych to show up on a  rock album since Talking Heads' Fear of Music (featuring Mind/Cities/Paper  in succession).  Each of these three songs blend perfectly.  ROCK AND ROLL  LIVES! The rest is really quite outstanding (with the weakest track -  &quot;Glide&quot; - being a decent anthem but not up to the standards of  the rest of the songs).  I am really fired up about STP and I can hardly  wait for them to tour.
B000003BF4|4.0|The Stones rock on this live version of some of their best hits. Don't be too critical of the performance. If you wanna rock, git it. Oh Yeah... Mick Taylor can play...Play it Loud and Dance.Yeah Baby....
B000007MVM|5.0|Syd's first solo album is the closest studio  attempt at capturing his magic.  This album was made at just the right time in Syd's career, inbetween utter madness and pedestrian sanity. Although it shows that he  didn't put very much time and effort into getting the cuts down, his ideas  and his messages still shine brightly through the album.  There are  definite traces of the wall in this album especially in Dark Globe.   Haunting title if you know what it means.
630575067X|5.0|Of course, we all knew that he would. George Lucas wrote almost as good a story for Phantom Menace as he did for the originals. The music is wonderful, the charachters and plot are wonderful. My favorite scene is the  pod race. I have the computer game, but it gets redundant because I win  every time. Everything you would expect from George Lucas and Star Wars is  in this movie. The only thing I didn't like was Jar Jar Binks. He annoyed  me. Oh, well. It was still a great movie and well woth yyour money.
0671042858|3.0|The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon wasn't a bad book, it just could have been a lot better.  I find it a little implausible that a 9-year old would have been so industrious in the face of such horror and vast nothingness.  Additionally, if there was something stalking her in the woods, why  wouldn't it have moved in to feed right away?  Credibility was what was  lacking, that's my biggest complaint.<br />  As a Red Sox fan, I find it  painfully ironic that both Tom Gordon and the author were befallen by  injury not long after the release of the book.  The Sox do dominate the  hearts and minds of New Englanders and it was cool that King mentioned the  team's broadcasters, commercials and players in the text.<br />  If you love  Stephen King's work, this book will be a bit of a disappointment.  If you  just take it for what it is, it is not bad.
630451087X|1.0|I started with Eraserhead many, many years ago, &amp; have been a loyal Lynch fan. Every genius creates at least one piece of art that is not very good. This is the one. No matter what he does, I'm going to watch it, but  once was enough for this movie. I watch repeats of everything else he has  done, but this one.If you dont' get it I will tell you, so stop reading  here. The main character is crazy, &amp; you are seeing the movie from his  viewpoint.
6301697707|3.0|Kevin Bacon was probably the best thing about this movie.the scary parts werent very scary though.still worth seeing because Kevin Bacon and a couple creepy scenes
067088278X|5.0|I've found that people generally over-rate books in these reviews, but this book really deserves top honors -- it's right up there with &quot;Good Night, Gorilla.&quot; Illustrations are incredibly detailed and thoughtful  -- even parents will always find something new in them. The rhymes are  sweet, and the characters are old standbys from nursery rhymes. No kid's  library should be without this book.
B00003CWPR|4.0|I've noticed that most of the reviews on this film have all been from Kubrick fans who make it sound as though you have to be an enthusiast of Kubrick to understand and fully appreciate this film.  Well I disagree, I would not class my self as being a &quot;Kubrickite&quot; having only seen  a couple of his films including the Shining and Clockwork Orange (not even  liking the latter) yet still found this a thoughtful, intelligent film.<br />  I think it is a film most people can relate to in someway.  Okay, I admit  it is a bit strange and every five minutes you will be asking yourself  &quot;what ... is going on?&quot;.  It's even a bit scary in places  and has the most haunting theme tune since halloween. You probably will not  even decide whether you liked it or not until a few hours after it has  finished because it is one of those films which leaves you thinking.  But I  definately reccommend it; besides, even if you don't like the story there's  always Kidman &amp; Cruise in their birthday suits(amongst plenty of other  nudity) to keep both sexes attention.  Seriously though, it does offer a  lot to the viewer who gives it a chance, so if you have a good level of  concentration and don't need your films to be self explaining constantly I  really think you will like it
0136879721|5.0|I've always have been attracted to parapsychic stuffs and mysteries but I always hated that misleading, evolution restraining attitude to have &quot;faith in someone all powerfull&quot; for everyting we don't  understand. This book have a good, scientific approach about  &quot;miracles&quot;. Believe some, disbelieve some. You have the choice.  It did change somethings in my own life. Particularly the self-suggestion.  It confirmed what I had always believed before. WE have the power to change  things, and we are not linked to an already written future or any  non-existent super-being. Some good exemples of psychic powers to try at  home, a great listing and descriptions of lots of psychic powers. Really a  must.
B00000K19E|5.0|Now this was the shisnik for Sure. The dialogue of the movie was like no other had produced before.  The storyline was different, I like watching Movies myself and I still could not guess what was going to happen next.   For those of you who has seen The Matrix, Knows that this movie is an  excellent movie and can relate when I gives it the five Thumbs Up award.   For all who has not seen it yet, you better get up get out and get  something.  You will be glad that you did.......THE MATRIX KICKS  Asssssssssssssssssssss
B00000DMJF|5.0|By 1968, pop music evolved into a very different sound and the concept of writing music experienced a major change. One year before the &quot;double white&quot; arrived into the record stores, Cream, Floyd,  Zappa, Jethro,  and other progressives had already shown their first works. Beat music as  represented by the Hollies, Byrds, Mamas &amp; Papas, Animals, Stones,  Beach Boys, and Beatles was soon to become a collectors item. The  &quot;double white&quot; summarizes the 60's decade and also introduces  major contributions to the new era. Helter Skelter, Back to USSR, Savoy  Truffle, Revolution, Birthday, Yer Blues, While My Guitar..., Happiness is  a Warm...  are all samples of these innovations. Although we all know that  the 4 members were experiencing a high level of tension among them, these  tracks are &quot;Beatles&quot; work. In addition, there are solo  contributions like Blackbird, Julia, Why Don't We do it... etc. Somehow  this album resembles the Crosby, Stills, Nash, &amp; Young kind of  approach, where they all appear on the credits however the 4 musicians form  duos, trios, and a quartet in the same album. After all they are all human  and individual talents. I do not regard the album as seprated Beatles work.  After all Paul had played lead guitar in many previous albums (Help, Rubber  Soul, Revolver, etc.) where George took the credit of leading. Paul's  Yesterday was a solo effort and John's You've Got to Hide Your love Away,  could have been done without the others. In this album &quot;the dream is  not over&quot;, however the myth of Paul playing bass, George lead guitar,  John rhythm guitar and mouth organ, is over. In this album George gets to  plays some bass and to bring Calpton to play in one tune, Paul does lots of  solo stuff while John does his share and gets to bring Yoko Ono into the  studio. In summary it is rich in style, aggressive in its sound, innovating  in  concept and free in its direction.
B000002BSG|5.0|Travelling was the first Jamiroquai title I'd ever bought. After hearing Virtual Insanity on the radio I immediately went to a store and picked it up. After listening to it once I was amazed, it was quite possibly the best  album I'd ever heard! From the discoesque tune Cosmic Girl to the reggae  vibes of Drifting Along, the whole thing was gold. It is still my favorite  CD and it compelled me buy everything Jamiroquai I could get my hands on. I  highly recommend it!
B000001Y2U|5.0|i've fought for years with how i feel for marilyn manson, and i've decided that, with this album, he is one of the most important artists today. Nothing can go wrong on the this album. It's truly a masterpiece, and i  will always love manson for it.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I really loved this CD, I can't get enought of it. Savage Garden is one of those bands where if you like one song, chances are you're going to like every song on the CD. I think they just got better and better since their  last CD!  Keep them comming!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage Garden's first album was fantastic. Their second album is even better, and they prove that they're no fluke. Affirmation should be a top contender at the next Grammy Awards. All the songs are terrific, most are  catchy, and some of them are sad. My personal favorites are &quot;Chained  To You&quot;, &quot;Hold Me&quot; and &quot;The Lover After Me&quot;. I'm  already looking forward to Savage Garden's next album!
B0000025US|5.0|I have turned people from all different backgrounds, especially musical tastes on to this album and they all love it. I really feel you would have to be an emotional criple to not appreciate the beauty these 3 master exude  in this album. There are numerous moments where I can not help but smile  and the hair on the back of my neck stands straight up. This is some of the  best music ever created. Buy it now!
B00000JZC4|5.0|Filter's style is so fresh. I got a lot more than I expected with this. I have high expectations for any album I purchase and Filter lived up to them and made me forget I had  any.  You can just close your eyes and go to your  happy place.  This guy can sing very well and that noise in the background  kicks a$$.
1573226521|5.0|The Beach (the novel) is much better than the movie. Where the movie left you with unexplained emotions and actions, the novel fills in the blanks. Some  of the basic plot is different (Hollywood went overboard on what is a  simple love story aspect). If you liked the movie, get the book - you won't  be disappointed. If you hated the movie, you still might give the book a  chance.
044022165X|5.0|Remember the little guy in the comic strip Li'l Abner who always had a dark raincloud over his head as he walked around mumbling to himself?<br /><br />Well, Rudy Baylor, the protagonist in this story, had about the same outlook.  It isn't just that he was paranoid--they really were  after him!<br /><br />Rudy was in his final year of law school in Memphis,  Tennessee, a town overrun with lawyers, when the law firm that he intends  to join is swallowed up, and he loses out.  Not only that, but he is forced  into bankruptcy, he loses his girlfriend and his apartment is  burglarized.<br /><br />Is that all?  No way!  He digs up a promising insurance  case, and so another slick law firm takes him on, tries to grab his case  and dumps him.  Then, his third employer, an underworld character, gets run  out of town by the feds and he is again out of work.<br /><br />Then Rudy falls  in love with a married woman whose husband likes to beat her up with a  baseball bat and he rents an apartment from an old bat who wants him to  work a 40 hour week on her yard, in addition to his other jobs.<br /><br />This  guy has more hard luck than the guy who asked God, &quot;Why me, God?&quot;  and the voice came down from heaven and said, &quot;I dunno, Smith, you  just ( ) me off!&quot;<br /><br />Grisham has written a doozy of a book, here.  It is pure entertainment.  Because Grisham is himself a lawyer, of course,  you get the real lowdown on what a trial lawyer thinks of his colleagues  and his profession--and also, as icing on the cake, what he thinks of  insurance companies, with which he has had vast experience in real  life.<br /><br />As might be expected, his opinion on both subjects is probably  shared by the bulk of Americans, which accounts for all the lawyer jokes  and crooked insurance company stories.<br /><br />You should enjoy this one.  I  did!<br /><br />Joseph Pierre,<br /> Author of The Road to Damascus
1573226521|5.0|The Beach (the novel) is much better than the movie. Where the movie left you with unexplained emotions and actions, the novel fills in the blanks. Some  of the basic plot is different (Hollywood went overboard on what is a  simple love story aspect). If you liked the movie, get the book - you won't  be disappointed. If you hated the movie, you still might give the book a  chance.
630575067X|1.0|So this was it?  The great cinematic event of the 20th century I waited over a decade for this?  What a dissapointment... As the film slowly wound its way to the final unoriginal, predictable ending, all I could think was  &quot;when will this movie end...when will this movie end&quot; The most  frustrating aspect of the movie was that the dialogue between Darth Maul  and Sidious refered to an unexplained event between themselves and the Jedi  forces; at one point Sidious states &quot;...and then we'll have our  revenge..&quot; Revenge?  Revenge for what?  Boring, unintelligent, a huge  let down from the &quot;original three&quot; George better clean up his act  before Star Bores Episode II: The Return of Jar Jar
B000001FOL|4.0|I'm not at all surprised by the occasional negative reviews of this release.  Nico tends to polarize people.  Even people who would never use the &quot;can't sing a lick&quot; argument against such contemporaries (and  friends) of Nico such as Dylan, Leonard Cohen and (the maybe less than  friendly) Lou Reed feel free to use it against her.<br />Ah, you say, but THEY  wrote their own material.  Well, so did Nico (almost exclusively after this  album). And contrary to what some have written, Nico actually began writing  on this record (forgive me for using old-fashioned terms like  &quot;record&quot; and &quot;album&quot;).  &quot;It Was A Pleasure  Then&quot; was authored by Nico, John Cale and Lou Reed.  Lyrically, it's a  patent Nico song; the feedback accompaniment is classic Reed/Cale.<br />People  can argue about the merits of Nico as a chanteuse, but that was only a role  she played for a very short time. I happen to like her Sprechstimme vocals  and do not consider them Warhol-esque camp (since she sounded the same on  her earliest, pre-Velvets recordings &quot;The Last Mile,&quot; and  &quot;I'm Not Sayin'&quot;--yes the Gordon Lightfoot song--long before she  ever met Andy and Co.)<br />The songs on this record, as well as the  occasional cabaret-style foray into Dietrich territory in her later career  (&quot;My Funny Valentine&quot; from &quot;Camera Obscura&quot;) suggest  that Nico could have been the heir to a German (not French) tradition  previously represented by Lotte Lenya, Marlene Dietrich and Hildegard Knef  (aka Hildegarde Neff).  She embraced that tradition only briefly and  somewhat ironically, and then moved beyond it, crossing the &quot;frozen  borderline&quot; represented by her second solo lp &quot;The Marble  Index.&quot;  That record is a world beyond &quot;Chelsea Girl&quot; and as  far removed from Warhol campiness as is humanly possible. <br />Regardless of  whether you find &quot;Chelsea Girl&quot; charming or whether you wonder  howthis &quot;non-singer&quot; ever landed a recording contract, you  should realize that Nico went on to compose and perform (in collaboration  with John Cale) some of the most provocative and downright scary music of  the 60s, 70s and early 80s.<br />If you're intrigued at all by Nico, you may  want to check out the video &quot;Nico Icon&quot; or one of the two books  about her &quot;Nico: the Life and Lies of an Icon&quot; (the author's name  escapes me at the moment) and/or &quot;Nico: the End&quot; by James Young.
6305205620|5.0|If you like Metallica you will love this DVD. If has all of the great songs done up to 1997. It even has some songs that were on the RE-LOAD cd that came out after the concert took place. Personally I think some of the  songs are done better on the DVD than on the CD's, especially Fuel and Hero  of the Day. I have the others too and this one is the best.
B000000HXK|5.0|As far as influences and inspirations go, this album has it all: jazz, dub, guitar noise, early Twentieth century classical modernism and enough space between to get perpetually lost.  In time it could well emerge as THE  album that defined the pioneering spirit of the nineties, ambitious and  all-embracing while preserving and air of intimacy and uncertain calm.
0671015206|5.0|I found the book quite educational.  I thought it was interesting that the book says college professors by far are the stingest people.  The language might be a bit bland, but hey, the information's there.
B00000J6AG|4.0|I bought this CD because I read on this web page that this was the best selling CD and there was a lot of good reviews. I have never bought or really heard Moby before but I have read some interesting stuff about him.  Right away I recognized a couple of songs. I noticed when browsing for some  new techno that many people who bought the CDs I did, also bought this one.  My friend told me &quot;its kinda slow at first so give it a listen  to&quot;. Personally I like the first few songs the best. They are worth  the price of the CD. I think the end gets a little slow. Good sound on this  recording - excellent production from beginning to end! Good music to get  the ladys dancing. Good music to chill with your woman (like smoke some  hoochy and get your groove on, ya know what I'm sayin?) then after y'all  have been at it for a while, the end kinda mellows out as you smoke your  last cigarette and go to sleep. I want to buy some more Moby!
B000002H38|5.0|Rature today remains the best album by Anita Baker.  Songstress is soothing also, but Rapture takes you on a journey with no return!.
B000003CKH|5.0|I have been a huge Cake fan for years and own all three of there cds.  I have listened to these three cds way too many times.  Cake is an amazing band, and in my opinion, one of the best.  However, if you have just heard  one of their other two albums, I would listen to this one before buying it.   It sounds very little like the previous and later albums they have  released.  It has a darker sound with more bass.  Not nearly the happy feel  good songs of the other albums.  But this cd still makes me feel good  whenever i hear it, even it is a little bit darker.  An amazing mix of  rock, techno, latin beats, and country.  This is by far my favorite Cake  cd.
0679746048|4.0|you could not take me away from this book if you tried to. I was completly absorbed in this book. It is such a good book partly because it is a true story and many people can relate to her. The thing i didn't like was the  eniding.  The last chapter was kinda of boring and it just seemed to end-  like something was missing. Other than the last chapter the book was really  good.
B000002MP2|5.0|I have to say this is the best punk CD ever. I think this CD is VERY GOOD. It is pure cali-punk. If you like Green Day, you'll love this CD
0804106304|5.0|I read this book for my speech and debate class. Laura Wood told me it was really good, so I decided to take her advice and read it. I thoroughly enjoyed this book! The stories of all the people were extremely sad, but really good. Some of the people reminded me of my grandma and my mom(even  though they're not Chinese, but that's ok). So, I think ya'll should read  this book!
B000003TA4|5.0|This is by far one of the best CDs ever. Kurt Cobain's lyrics shout out while Krist &amp; Dave are putting everything into the music. I feel this is a very good CD.
6305609691|5.0|Coppola's masterpiece &quot;Apocalypse Now&quot; is cited as one of the finest pieces of movie-making ever, and I'm personally inclined to agree. Based on Conrad's damning perspective of Europe's influence on Africa in  the late 1800's - &quot;Heart of Darkness&quot; - the film succeeds in  encapsulating the literally 'dark' moods inherent in the text. The scene  wherein a village is attacked by a fleet of helicopters is probably the  greatest action sequence ever recorded on film. With regard to  performance's Martin Sheen gives a career best shot at the  &quot;Marlow&quot; figure of the film Captain Willard. Robert Duvall  delievers one of the most memorable lines in film history with a confidence  gained from his &quot;Godfather&quot; experiences &quot;I love the smell of  Neapalm in the morning...smells of...victory&quot;. Equally memorable is  Denis Hopper's crazed photo-journalist, in order to get into character  Hopper apparently didn't wash for weeks - at this his characterisation of  Conrad's &quot;Harlequin&quot; didn't stink!  MARLON BRANDO was heavily  criticised at the time of release for an imcomprehensible piece of ham  acting - but who else could have contained the thoughts of the evil Kurtz's  brain better than the world's finest actor? Today his performance thrills  us to the marrow with his raving on the hacking off of arms and  &quot;horror&quot;. TOP DOG!
B00003CWRX|1.0|Perhaps the DVD is ok as you could fast forward but I'd think twice about purchasing such a slow film.  I thought the movie had finished 3 or 4 times before it actually did.  Mea culpa!
B00000DLUV|5.0|&quot;One Night Only&quot; is a deserving tribute to a very amazing group of musicians. I was 12 years old in 1979 &amp; was swept up in love with the Gibb family. I was so thrilled to see &quot;One Night Only&quot; and I  was especially happy to see the reaction of the audience. These guys  deserve so much appreciation for all they have contributed to the music  world. Buy this CD and enjoy all their wonderful diversity, there's a song  on here for everyone!
6305776369|3.0|This movie is alright. but can be  very annoying. Molly Shannon is a Female Adam Sandler. She;s is hillaious but the movie is really painful. It's a little short and the other characters.{ except for Will Ferrels  character} are flat one liners <br />THIS IS NOT A MOVIE TO BUY ONLY A 1 TIME  RENTER!  SUPERSTAR C-
0684867621|4.0|\\"The Girl...\\" is a short story aboutbeing lost in the woods. The little 9-year old makes a series ofmistakes that force her to spend more than a week in the wilderness, thick Northern forest of Maine and New Hampshire. (...)
6305428352|3.0|Good quality movie and fine acting.  It is a tribute to teaching and the joys thereof.  That is one message.<br />Another message is one of selfishness.  Holland is surrounded by selfcentered people who expect him  to give up his dream to create.  What kind of family is that?  Leonard  Bernstein had a family and still created and to the continued joy of the  music world.  Bach had 20 children and still created. I'll bet both men had  supportive wives.  Holland did delay his composition and it was only  partially written.  Many of the students he helped, who eventually became  powerful, paid tribute after he lost his job by playing his unfinished  opus.  Isn't that wonderful?  Here the man is put out to pasture after  sacrificing his dream and he gets a pat on the back.  His wife smiles and  his son loves him again. Do his powerful and grateful former students help  him? No.  In the movie &quot;It's a Wonderful Life&quot; The people who  were helped and even saved came forward and saved the day for the desperate  hero. In Mr. Holland's Opus they really turned their backs on him and sugar  coated it by playing his composition.
6305784116|3.0|Our two year old gives it two enthusiastic thumbs up, but the animation and story were much better done in &quot;Lady and the Tramp&quot;.<br />Ignore the misinformed complaints about the screen format.  It is presented in its  original theatrical (not widescreen) 1:1.33 format.
6305428352|3.0|Good quality movie and fine acting.  It is a tribute to teaching and the joys thereof.  That is one message.<br />Another message is one of selfishness.  Holland is surrounded by selfcentered people who expect him  to give up his dream to create.  What kind of family is that?  Leonard  Bernstein had a family and still created and to the continued joy of the  music world.  Bach had 20 children and still created. I'll bet both men had  supportive wives.  Holland did delay his composition and it was only  partially written.  Many of the students he helped, who eventually became  powerful, paid tribute after he lost his job by playing his unfinished  opus.  Isn't that wonderful?  Here the man is put out to pasture after  sacrificing his dream and he gets a pat on the back.  His wife smiles and  his son loves him again. Do his powerful and grateful former students help  him? No.  In the movie &quot;It's a Wonderful Life&quot; The people who  were helped and even saved came forward and saved the day for the desperate  hero. In Mr. Holland's Opus they really turned their backs on him and sugar  coated it by playing his composition.
630575067X|2.0|Lucas, true to form, created a film with special effects intended to dazzle its audience.  Action, adventure, nobility, and a little tug on the heart--the formula for a truly memorable film.  And perhaps I would have  been overwhelmed by its sheer magnitude as I sat watching it from my tiny  seat in the theater, if I were ten years old. The writers were way, way too  generous with the comic relief, throwing in a juvenile element or two  wherever they felt the plot was lack.  In which case, they must have felt  the same as I; it slacked off quite a bit.   Jar Jar Binks and his entire  ridiculous clan would have been better left at the drawing board.  I found  their behavior annoying and felt that Lucas shouldn't have taken off  running with the old imbecile sidekick bit. Darth Moul was definitely not  menacing.  His painted face and false horns did nothing to mirror the  mystery surrounding the Great Darth Vader of the Star Wars Trilogy. I was  glad to see a few familiar faces such as Jabba the Hut and R2D2, but Yoda,  the most memorable character of the first three episodes, seemed out of  place in the urban setting. I am, nevertheless, eager to see how the next  prequel turns out, and hope that my faith in Lucas is redeemed.
B00001U0DP|5.0|If you get a chance to rent or own this film, I'd recommend getting the dubbed version.  I rented the subtitled version and found it detracted from the film since I had to spend more time reading and less time watching the  acting.  My wife got a little PO'd from reading the film instead of  watching.  She ended up leaving the room, and leaving me to watch this  wonderful film by myself.  Unfortunately for her, she missed out on a  incredibly sad but beautiful story that my words could not convey.
0316920045|5.0|This is not so much a review of Inifinite Jest or David Foster Wallace's unquestionable talent. This is a review of people who claimed that the book was sterile, long-winded, pointless, &quot;a joke in itself&quot;. I  suggest you finish reading &quot;Peter and Jane Go To The Beach&quot; or  get your IQs tested. I understand that, for some people, books that exceed  25 pages are difficult and if there are more than two characters, things  really get tricky. Could you please stop polluting this space with your  pointless and pseudo-intellectual critiques. Long live DFW!
0385484518|1.0|With an air of great surprise and wonderment Mitch Albom tells us that the Great Truth is, essentially, to smell the roses.  Sorry, but this is not news. Nor are these: one should live for the present, make the best of bad  situations, forgive others, and appreciate life's small pleasures. Yet that  is all this book really has to tell us. It is cliche-ridden and poorly  written, jumping from viewpoint to viewpoint and occasionally perpetrating  some glaring bloopers. For example, Mr. Albom reports the innermost  thoughts of Prof. Schwartz at one point and then asserts that the professor  &quot;never told a soul.&quot; Oh? Then how exactly did Mr. Albom know?  Some of the dialogue is so contrived it sounds like it came out of a  Hallmark card. I find it hard to believe anyone, much less a Brandeis  professor, actually talks like that. But the thing that is most difficult  to stomach is the transparent jumping-on-a-real-moneymaker attitude of the  author. He forgot his old professor, the one who cried at graduation  (PLEASE! ) until he saw that Ted Koppel had discovered him. Then Mr. Albom  was all over him.<br />What a manipulative book. If I were one of Professor  Schwartz's former students or family members, I would be throwing up right  about now.
0140177396|2.0|This book is about two hobos named George and Lennie. In the beginning of the story they are on their way to a ranch to earn a stake. When they get to the ranch they meet Candy, the one handed man, Slim the team leader,  Curly the bosses son, and Curly's wife. Curly is always loosen his wife and  can't find her. She tries to flurred with all the guy at the ranch. Lennie  is in the barn petting his dead puppy when she comes to flurred and then  something happens! You'll have to read the book to find out what happens.
0783240503|2.0|Donny Osmond was wonderful as always,  the female lead was not as strong as the CD.  This video is not for children.  The costumes in the Pharoah's scene are offensive and in poor taste.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Unsurprisingly, I was introduced to Dido with the theme tune to the teenage show Roswell. If only the programme's quality reflected that of this astonishing album. Again unsurprisingly, Dido's style has had  comparisons made to artists such as Sarah M and Tori Amos, but her  groundbreaking debut certainly earns her an identity of her own. Like no  other, Dido manages to encompass pain and longing into tracks such as 'Here  With Me' and 'My Lover's Gone', while exuding warmth from ones like 'Thank  You' (featured at the end of the film 'Sliding Doors').   On top of which,  Dido is British, and, being a Londoner myself, it is refreshing to hear  some homegrown talent for once. This album comes highly recommended.
B00004LN16|2.0|Like many people I can practically trace my identity to AC/DC. I came of age in the late 70s and early 80s buying up every album I could lay my hands on. In my opinion, there has never been a better front man in the  history of rock and roll than Bon Scott. But the boys really came back  strong with Back In Black, and followed it well with For Those About To  Rock. In the 19 years since the latter album, they have recorded about  three songs that are worth a damn, and it kills me to say that this new  effort doesn't improve upon that track record at all. I will be first in  line to see them live, but I hope they stick to the great old stuff.
0453007686|5.0|This is a delightful, funny book.  The pictures are wonderful.  Brings a laugh to children reading or being read to.  Give it a try.  Works very well in a classroom situation.
6304712936|5.0|I did not expect this movie to be this good at first. It is the best American movies I have seen and it gets better every time I see it. It make me get interested in classical songs too, isn't it strange?. I love  customes designs and powerful sound effect. This movies is truly made for  DVD quality, just like sitting in the opera house. Everyone in the movies  are great, not only the leading rolls, but also all the opera crews, they  deserve the Oscars, and I wonder why Tom Hulce did not his the Oscar.   <br /><br />However, I wish they make the interactive features more attractive  and also the DVD was recorded on two sides, make me have to change the side  in the middle of the movie and quite hard to handle the disc (you don't  want your greasy fingers on the disc).
630575067X|5.0|When I saw Star Wars Episode 4 in 1977, I came away a lot different from most fans. However, nobody ever knew just how different; until now. My hero was not Han Luke Obiwan or Leia. My hero was the Tragic Darth Vader.  Everybody else were expounding the virtues of their MAINSTREAM hero, while  I? I had to be silent. NOBODY was going to accept the fact that I picked  Darth Vader - WHAT BROUGHT Vader to his tragic enmeshment with the Dark  Side? In my mind, I secretly thought that there HAD to be a MUCH BIGGER  STORY behind Vader - What prompted him to fall to the Dark Side? Then in  episodes 5 and 6 I watched Vader's story in the end save his son from the  Emporer. I had been vindicated! Anakin Skywalker's son was right about his  father - There was a conflict within. There was a small part still  enlightened with good. And In Episode 1, I learn that Anakins' path was  deeply enmeshed in the Light side of the Force. Anakin IS THE CHOSEN ONE  WHO WILL BRING BALANCE TO THE FORCE...at a tragic cost to Anakin himself,  which I assume will be fleshed out in episodes 2 and 3. I heard that only  C3PO and R2D2 were the only characters in all the movies. However, I  believe this is Anakin Skywalkers STORY - Star Wars - as he ALSO is in all  the episodes. Episode 1 continues Anakin's Story, From the very start. It  is truely a great movie. Anakin Skywalker, the FORCE made FLESH!
B00000K19E|3.0|Nicest DVD quality &amp; interactive programe I have seen so far. As for the movie, special effect, sound and cinematographic are great, but, the mood of the movie is rather un-smoothy.  <br />The main plot of the movie is  very good and interesting. I've seen lots of Sci-fi/action movies, this one  is just not up to its reputation. The exitements and mistyrius built up  from the beginning and peak up to climax within the first 30 minutes of the  film, then it started to decline, then some boring scences came in. Also  2-3 times, there were dialoques that made me expected that the good stuffs  might come up. Then the movies ended. The movie is not too short but I  think they organized the story poorly. Don't know who to blame, but this  movie could be better, really.<br /> Oh, one more thing, Keanu Reeve never  looks better (since he had relatively less lines to speak).
B000001IPP|5.0|Great and rough soundimg. The songs are too good. Makes you want to dye your hair every color and pirce you tounge.Great and cool.
0380002930|5.0|I've read this book in 9th grade and cherished it ever since.  Hazel, Bigwig, Fiver, and the rest of the Sandleford rabbits are spectacular characters, and you'll come to love them as if they are actually human  beings as you read the novel.  From dodging danger, crossing rivers,  finding a new warren, so many things you will always remember.  I recommend  this book to people of all ages who's interested in adventure and  excitement.
B00000F1D3|5.0|I loved every track on this CD. In fact, the only complaint (which doesn't take any stars off) is that it was too short. Oh well, the best things come in small packages...  There was a lot of variety, too, and it hardly came  out of the CD player for the first 6 weeks or so I had it. Plus I don't  have to skip any tracks I can't stand, because there aren't any. What a  great CD!
B000002H70|5.0|Having looked up Bloodflowers to see if it was any better than their last 2 efforts I was astounded by the constant comparison to Disintegration. Then I came here to find almost as many &quot;greatest album of all  time&quot; reviews as Exile On Main St.<br />People tend to get a bit carried  away on this site but Disintegration is a genuinely great album. Along with  the best of AC/DC + Stones + The Go Betweens (huh?) + Tom Waits this album  was one of my first to get upgraded from vinyl to CD. <br />The reasons?  Wonderfully dark atmosphere and mood. Great production, at least for the  time. Gut-wrenching lyrics. High re-playablity factor. Nostalgia. Perfect  for self indulgent moments in darkened rooms. Smith's unique and  distinctive voice singing stuff like &quot;I feel like I'm being eaten by a  thousand million shivering furry holes&quot;. I'm not sure exactly what he  means either but it sounds really good. Britney, don't cover The  Cure.<br />The title track alone is worth the price of admission.<br />Would I  date anyone who adores this album? Maybe ... but I'd check references  first.
B000002P2V|3.0|I mostly agree with the previous posts - I was 18 when the LP first came out and given the immediate and unanimous mediocre reviews it has always gotten, I've stayed away from buying it; besides, &quot;classic rock&quot;  radio has overplayed the title track to the point where you almost don't  want to pay to hear it (a la &quot;won't get Fooled Again&quot;). What made  me finally get it was to round out my collection, but I'd say to those that  are hesitating, that the bonus &quot;Empty Glass,&quot; which originally  appeared on Pete's Solo album in 1980, BY ITSELF is almost worth the price  of the CD.In contrast to the orchestra/overproduction/lame writing that  dominates the original release, &quot;empty glass&quot; is a rough demo  stripped-down to just a rock band. Keith's drumming is erratic and  in-your-face. entwistle is driving, and the actual recording is technically  excellent. No regrets here...
B000006NUW|5.0|There are so many wonderful Motown songs, and this box set is a great collection to have.  Don't listen to that music fan from California babble on about repeating songs - they are different versions of the same song and  are great to have and compare!   This is the best collection I have seen  in a long time.
0140177396|2.0|The book is about two guys going from field to field for jobs. George is a small man that protects Lennie. Lennie is a very big man with the mind of a child. The story takes place on a field in California. I disliked the book  because to me it was stipid. George is always yelling at Lennie and telling  him what to do. Then what George does to Lennie at the end is sad and mean.  you would need to read the book yourself to make a decision on it.
0151001820|3.0|The Club Dumas is an interesting mystery revolving around Lucas Corso's attempt to authenticate a couple of manuscripts.  One is a chapter of \\"The Three Musketeers\\" apparently handwritten by Alexandre Dumas.  The other is  a copy, perhaps \\"the\\" copy of \\"The Book of the Nine Doors to the Kingdom of  Darkness,\\" rumored to be co-authored by none other than,  um...Satan.<br />Perez-Reverte does a commendable job in at least one aspect;  the character of Corso is one of the best I've come across. Being a rare  book finder and authenticator is no job for a saint. He bends rules when  necessary, but avoids dirtying his hands with some of the more unsavory  aspects of job. In fact he's rather cowardly, only willing to attack those  weaker or unsuspecting. Nonetheless I found myself pulling for him right  away, even if it was just to see how far he might get before the inevitable  smackdown.  Corso drives the book and makes it a joy to read.<br />The plot  however starts to lag toward the end. Some have accused the Dumas plot line  of being anti-climatic; but maybe that's the point the author was trying to  make.  However, The Nine Doors plot fell apart. I was expecting a lot more  from that particular thread and it just seemed to stop without any  resolution. <br />Read it and enjoy Corso's exploits, but don't bank on a lot  of bang at the end.
B00003CWPL|5.0|This is a kind of film that many people don't want to watch, but i think that it's only because it is so strange to make them fear! I never see some like that! And Lynch never did a thing like that ( sic!). Watch it! watch  it watch it! If you love art and great cinema!
B000000OQF|5.0|This is defintaly the greatest album ever made! From the opening screams of oh my god on welcome to the jungle to the last beats of rocket queen you know your in for a thrill ride that just doesnt end! Go do yourself a favor  and run out and buy the best cd you will ever hear by the best band ever  GUNS N ROSES!
0140177396|4.0|Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck    Fun interesting friendship theme!  George and Lennie have just escaped from their hometown &quot;Weed&quot;.  They ran when Lennie was accused of raping a girl.  After a few days on the  run, they came to a ranch.  When they get there they get a job bucking  barley.  Once settled in, George and Lennie begin to get acquainted with  all the other workers.  As each day goes by more trouble arises.  One-day  Curley's wife tries talking to Lennie not knowing what his reputation is.   She ends up causing a big problem.  I find this book very interesting after  the first few chapters.  It is a hair raising and sad ending book.  Don't  be fooled by the cover.  Read this book!
630575067X|5.0|Ok, ok, Jar Jar can be annoying but let's not forget the good parts of the movie.  Rabid fans who have waited more than 20 years since the premier of Star Wars would have enjoyed this outing.  My favorite part is the duel  between Darth Maul and the 2 Jedis.  Set to the wonderful atmosphere  conjured by John Williams' Duel of the Fates, I found it engaging to a  whole new level.  <br />While some people may find the romantic overtones  between young Skywalker and Amidala to be unnerving, it is necessary to set  the stage for that plot line to be further develop in Episode II and III.   I mean we all KNOW how it ends up right!
630575067X|5.0|I was surprised when I saw all the negative reviews for this movie. I found it an entirely entertaning and spellbinding film, wholesome and good family fun. It answered some of my questions I had when I fell in love with  the original trilogy. Mr. Lucas did a terrific job, having to meet the  tremendous expectations of millions of Star Wars fans. We meet the young  Anakin Skywalker, his future wife Queen Amidala, the younger and more  skeptic Jedi Obi-Wan, and see many other new characters in this phenomenal  saga. Yoda, Jabba the Hutt, and the droids. Altogether a wonderful movie.
6305750750|3.0|Visually this film was absurdly stunning, but the story telling was attrocious. The part when the pilot was amazed that R2-D2 fixed the hyper drive made me vomit (I'm not kidding!). The kid who played Anakin should  stick to playing vegetables in school plays. He was like the taste of bile  after nearly puking.<br />I watched it six times for the effects though!
630575067X|5.0|IF you haven't seen this movie then you are really missing out! It is so cool! I could just watch it over and over and not get bored! This is one of the best movies ever, except for that annoying Jar-Jar freak! They could  have killed him off!
B0000025ZF|5.0|The first time you listen to this album, you can't help but think what could have been.  The second time you give it an ear, you realize it couldn't be any better.  Roger Waters has taken the male psyche (fear of  lost love) and turned it into a rock opera.  His use of strings and guitars  are incredible, and it still sounds great today.  Clapton's guitar work is  so breathtaking, sometimes tears form in my eyes.  The lyrics are  brilliant, and the fact that the last track is the softest and shortest  while quite possibly the best is unheard of.  &quot;I had a little bit of  luck you were awake I couldn't take another moment alone.&quot;  It makes  you want to grab your loved one and tell her how much you love her.  One of  the greats.
B00003W8NM|5.0|DON'T TALK ABOUT FIGHT CLUB, and DON'T TALK ABOUT FIGHT CLUB<br />But I'm gonna break the rules, this movie is wonderful, engaging and a hell of a ride from high paced start to psychotic ending. I think the visuals in this  movie are currently unparalelled and the acting by Pitt and Norton  unbelievable. This defenitely my favorite Pitt movie since 12 Monkeys and I  think he still does a wonderful job at being psycho. Norton played one  wonderful part in this movie that caters to any man who's ever gotten to  the point in his life where you're a little too secure but still feeling  incomplete. Thus his (our?) turning to materialism to fill that gap. I  think most anyone that has been consumed by his well paying job can relate  with the &quot;No matter what happens, I've got that sofa problem  covered.&quot; At least I can.<br />Also the Dust Brothers help make this  movie. I cannot remember when I've enjoyed a soundtrack to a movie so much.  The whole &quot;Hi, let's get 13 popular songs for our new MTV High School  sci-fi horror flick&quot; mentality is so very tired. This, actually having  an artist write a score for the movie, on the other hand was fresh,  suiting, and oh so beatiful at times...<br />I guess my only complaint about  this movie is the fact that it can confuse with some of it's disjointed  lines. Now I don't mean the plot, the dialog or anything like that. I mean  such parts as in the begining, out of nowhere he just states something  about space exploration and the corporations naming everything(&quot;Planet  Starbucks&quot;). While I liked the observation, it had nothing to do (that  I could tell) with what he was talking about at that very moment. And it  seems after this statement he just goes on with his story. It's a minor  complaint, but this may annoy some more than others. I personally didn't  care, it's still my favorite movie of the decade(saw it like 3 times in one  week). <br />So I guess all I'm saying is, see it. It's not bloodsport,which  is what I was expecting in the begining, but rather it's a wonderful, dark,  funny, interesting and entertaining work of cinematic art.
B0000027I6|4.0|What can I say about this album that hasn't been said before?  Hopefully something.  While it is one hell of an episodic album (something that it seems only NIN does these days), it is lacks a constant flow.  There are  many good songs, but no particular great ones.  Still a good buy.
0140177396|1.0|I read of mice and men because I had to for  school otherwise I would have never read this book I thought it was going to be boring and nothing changed it was still boring. The story is about lenny and george and they travel around from job to job trying to make money. Lenny likes to touch  things and always gets them kicked out of ever town they go to. Then they  have a plan to get their own land and stop working for everyone else. This  was a boring book. It was written by John Steinbeck.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|...  Has given me more to think about than any other movie.  I'm quite serious when I say that this is the best movie of all time.  NOTHING is more visually striking, involving and fast-paced.  It may be 139 minutes,  but it has so much to say, that it goes by quickly.  It has ideas and talks  about them.  And then it goes and adds a psychological twist, that I think,  does not negate the picture but adds one more layer.  I can't begin to  express my admiration for this film, so I'll say this(again):  Nothing is  as wonderful as this and I highly doubt that anything ever will be.
B000002H38|5.0|I am a #1 fan of Anita and would have to say this is by far her best solo album ever.  Every song is great!  Her voice is smooth as velvet!  Also if you like this you will love her on Chapter 8!  They sell it here.  Go  check it out and sample it!
0374384576|5.0|Did you know that witches have purple eyes?  Well, I really like this book because it's adventerous and it was exciting.  If you like exciting and adventerous books, this is the book to read.  I loved this book and I think that you will too.
0375707972|3.0|Although I found this book to be entertaining, the plot development was rather inconsistently done.  At times I felt like the author was rushing through the story and trying to paint the pictures with as few words as possible, and at other times I felt as if the narrative got so detailed  that it bogged down the storyline.  Overall I felt that it was a good read,  but most certainly not the outstanding piece of literature others had  claimed that it was.
0440219078|1.0|My son's 6th grade teacher read The Giver to his class a few months ago.  I am into children's literature of all types and I as his mother like to read what he is assigned in his class.  I was very disappointed with The  Giver.  Number The Stars was absolutely 5 star fabulous.  But, The Giver---  too adult for one.  I especially didn't like the way Ms. Lowry degrades  womanhood and motherhood in this book.  To be called as a 'birthmother' in  this book is to have a dishonored scum life.  I already see enough in our  society of the degradation of motherhood--- I don't want to read it in a  book--- much less have my son exposed to such obsurdity.  Also, the part in  the book where all boys had to take a pill once the pubescent stirrings  begin was a very 'out to lunch' kind of notion.  I realize this is a  fictional book.  But, how about keeping books perfectly clean in all  aspects?  Number The Stars was clean and uplifting in all regards.  Charles  Dickens Great Expectations is about the best book I have ever read.  Ms.  Lowry has such a gift of writing.  I'd like to see her keep to clean,  uplifting, inspiring content.  Good books are my escape of societal ills.   The Giver reminded me of too much of our own social problems.
0964385619|5.0|And now I am not ashamed to admit it! Kiyosaki emphasizes the need to build your financial intelligence and the absolute importance of gaining knowledge before you invest...reading this book only made me realize that I  am in no position to get rich...but this is only temporary...as a  mid-twenties young professional, I realize the importance of building for  the future, especially with times being as unstable as they are...this book  definitely straightened out my mind and gave me a thin, but solid  foundation with which to start gaining control of my financial  future...Highly recommended..especially for financial morons! :)
0792839129|4.0|I am quite frankly appalled at the countless reviews I have found bashing this timeless classic. For heavens sakes people, it's a CHILD'S movie! Do you think children care if the musical numbers aren't the &quot;creme ala  creme&quot;, NO! Do you think they care if the acting talent in this cute  comedy is ground chuck compaired to the &quot;filet mignon&quot; of  Jennifer Love Hewitt's &quot;superb&quot; acting ability? Really people go  easy on it.My children love it, so that's good enough for me.
6305263248|1.0|This is, without a doubt, one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  If you want DeNiro, car chases, shoot 'um up at its best, buy &quot;Heat.&quot;<br />This was horrible.<br />If I could choose &quot;no star at  all&quot; I would.
630575067X|4.0|THIS MOVIE IS UNDOUBTEDLY A VERY GOOD ONE. HOWEVER NOT AS IMPACTIBLE AS THE FIRST ONES. ONE THING THAT REALLY KILLED THE MOVIE WAS JAR JAR BINKS. THAT CHARACTER JUST WAS NOT NEEDED. ONE COMPARISON BETWEEN THIS FILM AND  THE FIRST ONES IS THE CHARACTERS. THE OLD MOVIES WERE MORE EFFECTIVE  BECAUSE THE ATMOSPHERE THAT THE CHARACTERS CREATED IS VERY INTERESTING.  HUMANS WOULD DRESS UP IN VERY GOOD COSTUMES AND DARTH VADAR HAD AN EFFECT  THAT WAS VERY GOOD: THE MYSTERY, MASK, AND BREATH. NOW IN THIS MOVIE,  GEORGE LUCAS SEEMS TO RELY ON SPECIAL EFFECTS TO DO EVERYTHING. HE DIDN'T  SEEM TO CREATE SOME KIND OF INTELLIGENCE ON THE SCREEN. THE RELIABILITY ON  SPECIAL EFFECTS SEEMED TO BE VERY DULL. HOWEVER, THE VILLIAN DARTH MAUL WAS  VERY GOOD. THE EVIL THAT HIS FACE CREATED WAS AS EFFECTIVE AS DARTH VADAR.  THIS MOVIE SEEMED TO LACK THE INTELLIGENCE THAT THE FIRST TRILOGY HAD. I  WOULD HOWEVER HIGHLY SUGGEST THIS MOVIE BECAUSE OF THE FIGHT SCENES AND  RACING SCENE, AND MANY OTHERS.
0440234743|5.0|This book is definitely different from the other novels Grisham has written, but I found it just as satisfying.   The author has a unique way of involving the reader in just a few paragraphs so you end up hooked.   Easy reading, so that you can pace yourself but easily finish the book in a  few days.   The characters are a little different, somewhat offbeat, but  just as memorable.   The ending was at first disappointing to me, but as I  thought more and more about the plot and the characters, I realized that  the ending was just.   I really liked it.
B00003CX6P|3.0|Okay, great movie. Well I say great movie, but what I meen is great story, great shots, good acting. What was wrong with it? I fell asleep, so I don't know the end. Sorry needs to be edited down a bit.
B00004LN16|4.0|Definitely one of the better efforts for quite some time from the band, but they could beat on a metal garbage can with an angry cat, and I would buy it!  It's straighforward, pure AC/DC, and if you're a fan you will love  it!  If you're not a fan, you just might end up being one.  Unfortunately,  some of the lyrics were designed so that you would still remember them when  you're drunk, but you still find yourself cranking it up and rocking out!   The solid blues/rock riffs are there, as you would expect.  This baby  kicks!
6305470464|5.0|I really enjoyed watching this movies because all the characters insightful and real.  The Gillian Anderson and Jon Steward match-up was perfect and very &quot;real world&quot;.  It is nice to see a movie that  approaches romance with class and doesn't resort to cliches.  The most  powerful point of the movie was how they dealt with HIV and loving those  who have it.  Overall, I would recommend this movie to anyone who is tired  of the same old cookie-cutter romances and wants a fresh new approach.   Sean Connery is of course as funny and clever as ever and Angelina Jolie  gives a stellar performance as well.
B00000AFFF|1.0|Elvis is essentially one of the best song writers of the last 50 years. His singing though is just passable. Like Lou Reed his voice is a rough tool that he makes the most of. Unfortunately the songs on Painted From  Memory need to be really sung. They could be quite beautiful and full of  subtlety. So many other true singers would have made this a fantastic CD.  Unfortunately Elvis offers only headaches.
0141301120|5.0|My brother had this book when he was a little boy.  My mother was cleaning out his closet and found this book of &quot;CHARLIE AND THE GREAT GLASS EVEVATOR&quot;.  She gave to my 8 years old son and I read to him and his 6 years old sister.  They loved it every minutes of it.  Charlie and the  Great Glass Elevator is a GREAT BOOK and VERY FUNNY.  There favorites is  the Battle of the Knids. It was very funny and the kids loved it. I  recommended this book to my other friends.
0792839846|2.0|I love the taco scene. My other favorite scene is the on with the thing by the waterpark or whatever that is supposed to be.<br />I am not sure of one thing, however. Why does Sam keep playing that song?
0784011923|5.0|James Cameron once said to remake this movie would cost him around five times as much now, as it did when he originally produced it. Which begs the question - why would anyone want to remake the Terminator?<br />It's first and  foremost a gothic love story, with a remorseless amount of terror and  tragedy. Sarah Connor, a waitress living a happy but uneventful life, is  destined to have a son who will change the world, turning the tide in a  human war against a terrible race of machines. (Anyone spot where the  Matrix got its plot from?) But the machines have mastered time travel,  sending back a ferocious cybernetic life form, merciless and unstoppable -  the Terminator. However, the human rebels steal the technology and send  back a single soldier, Kyle Reese, to defend Sarah against the  Terminator.<br />The struggle to survive or kill is perfectly portrayed,  without being overly sentimental or do-goody. Sarah, played by Linda  Hamilton, is a powerful heroine on a par with Ellen Ripley, and just as  tough. Her counterpart, Reese, played by Michael Biehn, manages to be  intense, frightening and human all in one fell swoop. It isn't easy to play  a killing machine and make it look authentic, but Schwarzenegger does the  job and makes it stick. Between the three of them they lift this movie up  and make it something special.
6302686466|5.0|I have read the other comments about this film and frankly....what's wrong with you people?  The Directors UNCUT version is the BEST version of this film and it truly gives this film the due justice it deserves.   I have  seen the original version MANY times and this version just makes more  sense.   It's just like the Uncut/Unrated version of GIA.   When you see  the original version and then the UNCUT...it's like night and day.   The  film isn't &quot;choppy&quot; and you really get to understand the  character development the writer intended.   I highly recommend this  version and suggest you purchase it and decide for yourself.   If you're a  Sharon Stone and Michael Douglas fan...this is some of their best work!    REALLY.
0380018179|5.0|How many times can anyone read the same book?Well this is not a question about The Thorn birds.I must have read and re-read it over 30 times.It is a perfect book that reviles through time the life of the people.The cursed  love of Meggie and Ralf and the story of all the Cleary family.It is a  must.
B000002VCZ|5.0|Vulture Culture is a great album, in fact, it changed my life. I was in a bad relationship (of convenience) that I didn't have the courage to end. Once I heard &quot;Let's Talk About Me&quot; followed by &quot;Separate  Lives&quot;, &quot;Days Are Numbers&quot;, and &quot;Sooner or Later&quot;,  I GOT THE MESSAGE: DUMP HER! That was 5 years ago, and I met a terrific  woman, and we were married just 6 months later. I have to give some of the  credit to Alan Parsons Project for Vulture Culture. GREAT ALBUM! Thanks,  Alan!
630575067X|3.0|A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, A New Hope was made, and was a hit. 2 years later, Empire Strikes Back bravely carried on the tradition. Return of the Jedi was another box-office smash. Everyone anxiously awaited  Episode I to take us where we had never been: Darth Vader's history. And it  comes out, not exactly what we had expected.   Lucas' main mistake was  trying to fit too much in to too little time. 3/4 of the viewers couldn't  absorb it all. At one point he had 4 battles going on at the same time!  Still, the effects are amazing, if too heavily relied on. Hope Episode II's  better.
B00000JGHM|4.0|This one is a must for any action fan. Pacino and DeNiro are both super, and the bank robbery getaway, downtown LA streets in broad daylight, is easily one of the most awesome scenes ever filmed.
B00000I8BX|4.0|Fear Factory is back again with an in-your-face, heavy, raw, and gripping cd.  I've liked Fear Factory since the early days of Soul of a New Machine, and they are still as edgy as they were when they first started out (most  other bands tend to wimp out after a few albumns). Fear Factory's remake of  the old classic &quot;Cars&quot; by Gary Newman is killer, it'll stick in  your head for days.
0449227545|4.0|This is a book that starts out at a simmer and leads to a full boil. The reader is drawn into the intricate web of the plot by the gradual introduction of the various characters.  You may not like them all but you  will begin to understand their passions and weaknesses.<br />With consumnate  skill the frighteningly plausable plot and characters are drawn together.  Tension builds, holding the readers attention up to the very last page.
0790720434|5.0|In 1993, I first saw the film &quot;The Secret Garden&quot;, and loved it.  I have the video today and whenever I look at it or think about it, it still thrills me.<br />This film stars Kate Maberley as Mary Lennox, a girl  about ten years old who lives in India.  Sadly, Mary is neglected by her  parents and spoiled by the servants who look after her.  But things change  when she loses her parents in an earthquake (not to cholera, as in the  original book.  I suspect they made the change because there's more drama  in an earthquake than in a cholera epidemic).<br />As a result, she has to go  to England, where her uncle, Lord Craven, lives.  But he's miserable  because he lost his wife due to premature childbirth (she fell off a swing  in her garden and it triggered the birth of her son, Colin).  He locked up  the garden and neglected Colin in sheer grief.  Mrs. Medlock, trying to  maintain order in the household, urges Mary not to go poking about.  But  sure enough, Mary does, finding first the key to the secret garden, then  the garden itself, then Colin.  And as she does so, both she and Colin  begin to come alive, aided by Dickon, the brother of the Yorkshire servant,  Martha.<br />I especially loved two things about the movie:  the music and the  actors.  The music was beautiful, especially the music associated with the  garden.  It made me appreciate the beauty of nature and of the garden,  especially when the garden came alive.<br />As for the actors, they were all  excellent, especially the children.  Kate, Heydon Prowse (Colin), and  Andrew Knotts (Dickon) all looked like real children in a real situation.   And both Kate and Heydon portrayed their characters' unlovable traits very  well without forfeiting my affection for them.  Also, John Lynch was fine  as Lord Craven, and Maggie Smith was excellent as Mrs. Medlock, who may  have seemed bad, but who was simply acting out of good, if misguided,  intentions.  Still, I wanted to tell her that Colin's legs were swollen and  red because he was getting better, not because he was getting worse!<br />The  film doesn't have a whole lot of action, which is just fine for the film  because the film probably would be hurt by a lot of action.  But if you  don't like films which take their time and create a great mood, don't see  this film.  If you do like films which take their time to create the  appropriate mood, see The Secret Garden.  You won't regret it!<br />Belle Book
0385484518|5.0|This is a great book for anyone, but I found it especially appealing for me as a man. Society dictates and brainwashes men to believe that feelings are &quot;weak&quot;; particularly sadness or grief. To be a  &quot;strong&quot; man, you can't ever cry or shed a single tear...so  society would have us men believe.<br />The fact of the matter is, though,  that society is dead wrong. It's the *weak* man that never cries and the  strong man who is fully in touch with his emotions - and fully able to  express them.<br />And that's what this book deals with...the necessity for  expression of feelings in order to fully experience life. Don't be misled  by the book's size. It may be short, but that's part of the book's beauty.  I was amazed at the simplicity of this book - bite-sized chapters make for  a very easy read, but each one is full of important life lessons.<br />Morrie,  the book's subject and a retired college professor, speaks frankly and  tenderly to Mitch, an ex-student of his. And over the course of Morrie's  last 14 weeks on Earth, he brings Mitch back from the frantic, frenzied  mindset of today's materialistic society. He teaches Mitch to feel  again...that it's OK to be mad, it's OK to be sad, it's OK to cry.<br />Morrie  was a profoundly loving man who faced his certain death with a triumphant  optimism. He loved fully, and thank God he left us with this book of  wisdom. Mitch Alborn has truly painted an amazing portrait of courage,  hope, and inspiration.
B00004RHZU|5.0|Her Cd is awesome, she is the next big thing, she has a great voice, that girl can sing! go pink, if you don't have her CD you'z wacked and need to go get it right away! go pink
B000006045|5.0|The moment I heard this CD I knew I had to have it.  Since then I have played it countless times.  This CD is dark and senuous as the melodic, deep rooted beats creep across the mind of the listener.  I think it is  music you might hear during a fetish fashion show - especially my favorites  Risingson and Dissolved Girl.  I played this CD at a shop I used to work  out and even the customers of the store were drawn in and always asking who  this band was.  A definite must for any music fan who loves discovering  music or trys to stay away from the &quot;mainstream&quot;
B00000DQSF|3.0|It's hard to believe that, while far lesser bands (the Monkees, for instance) have gotten the red-carpet treatment on their CD reissues, with remastered sound, bonus tracks, expanded booklets, etc., this seminal  outfit's catalog is represented by shoddy mid-'80s vintage CD presentation.  <br />At least BIG PINK and THE BAND are still in print in the U.S., which is  more than can be said for STAGE FRIGHT, or CAHOOTS, or NORTHERN  LIGHTS-SOUTHERN CROSS, or (incredibly) the ACROSS THE GREAT DIVIDE box set.  What on Earth is Capitol thinking?<br />BIG PINK itself is the Band's  masterpiece, and one of the absolutely essential albums in any respectable  rock collection. But the CD presentation that Capitol has saddled us with  merits, at best, one star. If anyone at that label is reading this--folks,  an overhaul is long overdue.
0440234743|5.0|Apparently, some of the spiritual overtones didn't appeal to a few readers, but I'm here to tell you that I am one who hates to be preached to and I loved &quot;The Testament&quot;.  Definitely one of my favorite  Grishams.  One of the first books that I've read in awhile that ACTUALLY  made me want to go to any type of church.  I would say that it appeals more  so to readers in a never-ending quest for spirituality and would most  likely better relate to readers who have been through hard times and  confronted with spiritual issues when down on your luck.  The only negative  part I could see in the book was that the jungle scenes did seem to stretch  a bit...
0140177396|3.0|My thoughts are this book can be less foul language also even readers whom to like this book not to get much facts down in your mind. I would have to say age group 15yrs.and older because it's words may be hard for some  people so that's what I recommend. Mostly this book was okay for me that I  know of.
B00000K2SC|5.0|If you are a science-fiction fan, you will love this movie.  If you're not, I'm not quite sure, but I believe any cinema fan would at the least find it entertaining.  The most attractive part of the movie is that it's a  flick that makes you think.  You'll have to see the movie to know what I'm  talking about but it has a theme that anyone who loved philosophy in  college will enjoy.  If you're one of those types that likes to point out  scientific/technical facts that couldn't happen, you'll most likely find  too many for your taste, but if you drop some of the everyday seriousness  in life and sit back to enjoy a fictional movie, you won't be disappointed.   If you're worried about another Keanu Reeve's &quot;Whoah!&quot; acting  job, don't give that too much thought because it's a role that fits his  personality.  The only drawback of the movie is that it appeals to younger  viewers more than the older audience.  (The ending &quot;making of the  movie&quot; short clips are fascinating film-making narratives.)
1561006742|5.0|Appropriately, I read this book while travelling the dark, sombre tube system in London. I already knew the story, but what struck me most was the perfection of the writing.  Wilde uses such beautiful, concise and clear  language to convey his own version of the Faustian legend.<br />The subject  matter is troubling to some but one cannot deny the quality of the art.
0156465116|5.0|i read this amazing book for the first time when i was 8 or 9 years old, and liked its interesting and entertaining story. i read it again when i was about 12, and was struck by something deeper in it that i couldn't quite grasp. then, at 15, i reread it once more, and it took my breath  away... i have made a point of reading this book every single year since  then, because each time i read it, i find hundreds of new things, hundreds  of deeper meanings, hundreds of insights into my own life. with each  subsequent reading, this book only gets better. it is perfect and timeless  in that anyone, whether 5 or 105 years old can find enjoyment and beauty in  this book. for young readers, it is just a fun story with a sad ending. but  the older and more mature the readers are, the more meaningful this story  becomes. it is like an infinite number of layers that you can peel away  with each reading, but there are always more remaining for the next time  you read. if you are looking for something to spark your imagination,  inspire your spirit, and open your eyes, PLEASE pick up this book! i  especially love this edition, with its whimsical colorful hand-drawn  pictures done by the author. i HIGHLY recommend that EVERYONE buys this  book, it has become my absolute favorite!
0316920045|1.0|Driven by some work ethic perhaps or maybe  guilt, I rarely fail to complete a novel once started. In the case of Infinite Jest it got the better of me. Length is not a problem. Craft is. Themes are. Too much has  been written about this bloated piece of work already. Reading it is just  not worth the effort, and effort is the right word here. For a comparison  try a page of two of The Wind-Up-Bird-Chronicle.
B000002UTY|5.0|Yes, it's great but it's also half-wasted.  &quot;Where do You Love&quot; and &quot;Calvary&quot; don't appeal to me and the song Happy Trails is just silly.<br />  The Five Stars come from &quot;Mona&quot; &quot;Maiden of  Cancer Moon,&quot; and the &quot;Who Do You Love&quot; Suite (minus the  Elmore part), and it's just not late '60's experimentalistjamming.  These  guys use their guitar to sew the web -- you're caught not by the beat but  by the quick yet mournful riffs -- an odd combination that rock doesn't  often produce.
B00004S8Q9|3.0|Finually another release from Badlands. What a great band. Too bad they are no more. Well this CD definitely isn't as good as their first two,  but if your a die hard fan of the group like myself,I would recommend it.
B00000JHAU|3.0|B &amp; S are an effervescent, ephemeral pleasure--lilting melodies, jarring lyrics, blah blah blah.  You'll go crazy for this for a while, then move on to more substantial indie fare like Yo La Tengo, The Black Watch,  or Idaho.
6305750750|2.0|What the heck is this? The entire movie is based on special effects.  No story, nothing really interesting, and the movie doesn't even look like Star Wars.  The sword fight is really the only good scene with maybe the  podrace, which is quite weird.  I frankly miss the fun I had watching the  first movies.  Where's Han, Chewie, and C3PO looks really dumb. And that  ugly frog guy, Jar Jar Binks, seems to take C3PO's part.  He is the funny  guy(?).  He's funny but after a while he gets reaaaally boring. It seems  that the movie and its story went back to some modern dark ages.  If you  have to take a movie tonight skip this one for the next century.  It might  look something like this boring movie.  Small kids would like that, not  grown-ups!
0140177396|5.0|I like the book because of how they put it. Of how they made the people look, what I mean by that is they way thay made George look like a big brother to Lennie, and they made Lennie like a baby learning how to walk, it was weird the way they made this big person look like a little baby.     Also the reason I like the book to was because of the way Lennie died I  know it sounds weird what I'm saying but what I mean by that is that  instead of dumb people killing Lennie his so called brother killed. I also  think that Lennie would have wanted it that way. Because he totally looked  up to him.
B000002KNU|5.0|I had heard a few Talking Heads songs in the Eighties; being an early MTV fan, I of course saw their videos, and I knew right away that this was COOL music! A friend told me to get this album, and 16 years later, I'm still in  love with it. If you are wanting to explore TH music, I really suggest that  you choose this album. There is a good mix of sentiment here, sweet and  silly, intense and paranoid, and above all, an amazing exploration of sound  and rhythm. Oh, this album is so good! I'd like to personally thank TH for  providing me with years of enjoyment.
B0000029J5|5.0|Keb Mo is one of the best things that has happened to the Blues in a long time.  Classic CD, destined to become one of the all time greats.
6304316267|5.0|The opening sequence... Black Lambo hammering along with 2 honeys drivng, lots of tyre smoke and throttle blipping, say no more. Except that I like Dan Wills Saw this film first when only 10 and loved the howling engines  and hilariouse lines. Now 21, my girlfriend thought it would make a good  valenties day present, but then I watched it 4 times a row - not too  romantic! Amazing cast all living out their stereo types and being hoodlums  in the process. Roger Moore and his Aston, Jackie Chan in a Jap computer  car. This is beer, girls and FAST CARS GROWLING. A great film that you can  just leave on and walk into at any part. My No.1
6301793196|5.0|I was very impressed by the results of the DVD much less the  the Three Great Tenors of the World and having surround sound set up it is just incredible. It was like you could breathe the air right there in the  Concert 1990 in Rome.
B000003S5H|5.0|I listen to a lot of jazz and a little techno, and this CD really built the bridge between the two for me.  For me, Air is the Stan Getz of electronic music... it makes you emotional and sets a mood with seemingly  little effort.  &quot;Moon Safari&quot; makes me feel a little bit of  everything, love (&quot;You Make It Easy&quot;), longing (&quot;All I  Need&quot;), sadness (&quot;Ce Matin La&quot;), dispair  (&quot;Talisman&quot;), and even glimpses of that feeling that makes you  want to shake your booty (to &quot;Sexy Boy&quot;).  My hands-down favorite  songs are &quot;You Make It Easy&quot; and &quot;Ce Matin La&quot;, but all  the songs are good. This CD proves to be one that, like Moby's  &quot;Play&quot;, can stay in your CD player for months.
0783225970|5.0|This beautiful amalgamated mess is simply the bees knees.The animal referrals are hilarious as are many of the key characters.The film evokes every type of emotion that the human form can possibly  harvest;sadness,pity,empathy,excitement,arousal! .I am never wrong and let  me tell you if you concentrate for a couple of hours you are making a sound  investment.The film is watchable over and over again.BUY IT NOW !
B000003BDJ|4.0|When I originally purchased this cd, I thought it was a great compilation and would have given it a five star rating.  But as I've heard more Stones albums I realize this leaves out too much.  If you can afford it, you're  better off picking up &quot;Exile..&quot;, &quot;Let It Bleed&quot;,  &quot;Beggars Banquet&quot;, &quot;Sticky Fingers&quot;, and &quot;Big  Hits: High Tide and Green Grass&quot;.  It'll cost you more, but over time  you'll be much happier.
B00000IOSU|3.0|Don't get me wrong this is a very high quality album and byitself would deserve 5 stars,but, theres nothing new here. Sure thesongs are done a little differently and not many people had heard &quot;I Will Remember You&quot;, but if you own all her albums including the Lilith Fair ones like I do you find yourself with three to four versions of the same songs.  I'm not going to accuse her of money grubbing but I guess I only recomend this album for people seeking out her greatest hits or her biggest fans who have to hear everything different she puts out.
B000002H4C|5.0|Why this ST took so long to get CD I'll never know, but I bought the first copy I found. It's even better after you watch the movie a few times. Put it in and let it play. There's not a bad song on the disc.( Although a  couple may have to grow on you )
0395925037|1.0|...i found to be certain &quot;readers&quot; who posted their reviews below. which i think further reinforces the point that all sane, reasonable people should indeed read this piece of garbage to be able to realize that  great evil can still rise up somewhere and spoil it for the rest of us. if  you dont believe me, just scroll down the list of reviews for this book to  read the reviews of those few (but still existent!) who actually  wholeheartedly praise the beliefs of the madman author of this book. we owe  it to our kids not to allow the likes of these &quot;people&quot; to  attempt to repeat what the subject of their admiration achieved half a  century ago.
6303303463|5.0|Queen Live At Wembley is bar-none the greatest live concert video I have ever seen. This is Queen at its best and the track listing is a greatest hits album. I always said that if I had to listen to one CD for the rest of  my life, this would be it. I suggest EVERYONE see the video. BHM is KING
B00000373U|5.0|If anybody out there is new to the charms of Mr. Smith, this is the album to start with. Each song is distinctive and beautiful. It's less produced than XO (which is also excellent) and the lack of production actually adds  to this. The lyrics are as usual simple and heartbreaking and the melodies  are great. Anyhoo...here's a guide to all but one of his albums....<br />1.  Roman Candle - short, no production, great songs (esp. No Name #1) but not  one for the uninitiated.<br />2. Either/Or - More production, but still hardly  any compared to XO. Distinctive songs, even better than Roman Candle - a  great into. to &quot;stripped down&quot; Elliott.<br />3. XO - Much more  production (on Dreamworks) usual high standard of lyrics and melody and  perfect if you prefer your edges smooth.<br />Screw it....get them all!
0440219078|5.0|Lois Lowry does not give us the perfect society, she gives us a society of everyday people who have become morally lazy because they live in a comfort zone. I read this book in junior high and loved it. It's a novel about sacrificing emotions, art, and morality for the comfortable life. The characteristics and crimes of this supposed eutopia are intreguing. Lowry has an impressive imagination and vivid writing style. Her original take on the eutopia topic will be well appreciated by everyone from age 11 upwards.
6305095566|1.0|...The movie was boring..... It was so phoney looking it wasn'teven halfway convincing.If anybody out there is thinking of buyingthis movie please save your money,if not then don't say I didn't tell you so.
0784010188|5.0|T2 on DVD is great!  But...as with the previous review, I agree too that I cannot watch &quot;Terminator 2: Judgment Day&quot; without the extra 15 minutes of footage found in &quot;Terminator 2: Judgment Day (Special  Edition)&quot;.  So let's here your voices people!  I know there's a lot of  you that want the special edition on DVD!
B000002J1F|4.0|Stunning work, but not without some padding -- &quot;Cans &amp; Brahms&quot; is totally useless; why not just listen to the REAL Brahms, played by a REAL symphony orchestra?  &quot;We Have Heaven&quot; and  &quot;The Fish&quot; are just shavings from the masters' workbench;  tantalizing but only half-baked sound bites.  but And &quot;Mood for a  Day&quot; is pleasant enough, but unmemorable.   <br /> But the rest is  top-drawer, and simply breathtaking.  &quot;Heart of the Sunrise&quot;  manages to be both vicious and beautiful; &quot;South Side of the Sky&quot;  is the always nearly-forgotten track that is really one of the best pieces  here.  &quot;Roundabout&quot; is, well, &quot;Roundabout&quot; -- as  perfectly realized a piece of prog-rock as was ever recorded.  An excellent  introduction to the band, and as a bonus you get a miniature version of one  of the most instantly recognizable album covers in the history of rock  music.
B00003CX6P|2.0|The scenery and the people were beautiful.  But, the plot moves along at a painfully slow clip and the characters are pretty much unlikeable.  I couldn't wait for this movie to be over but made myself watch until the end  because I kept hoping it would get better.
B000002UDB|4.0|Magical Mystery Tour is an essentialy good, although rather jumbled offering. Starting out with the hum-dinger title song, &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot;, the low points of the album include &quot;Flying&quot;  (a mainly instrumental track) and &quot;Blue Jay Way.&quot;  &quot;All You  Need Is Love&quot;, &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;, &quot;The Fool  on the Hill&quot; and &quot;I Am the Walrus&quot; (a brilliant offering  with surrealistic, stream of conscious type lyrics) are the best songs on  the album.  Be sure to check this one out.
B00000I3JM|5.0|This was the experience I was looking for! This album contains music which has the capacity to take anyone to a better place. Had a rough day? -Lay back and let youself go... This music reminds me of a passage quoted in a  lyric by Laurie Anderson, &quot;Wich Fasbender film is it where a man goes  into a flower shop, and he asks the florist,-What flowers expresses days  going by, endlessely pulling you into the future? And the florist says  -White lilly.&quot; Just beautiful! Like the white lilly, this album will  stay with you for a long time.
B00004RE7C|5.0|To quote from Seinfeld, 'Jerry'll tell you that Star Trek 2 is the best film, but Star Trek 3 is just as good&quot;.<br />To sum up, Trek 3 leaves off and continues perfectly the moods from 2 after Spock has died.  With great  performances from Shatner, Kelley, and crew, Trek 3 is a fabulous trek  film.<br />Things to nate of:  the score is flawless, James Horner has never  been better.  The effects and battle scenes are top notch, and the moment  when Kirk sits down to enter the destruct sequence is arguably the top trek  film moment of all time.  Plus Spock's entrance at the end is poignant and  emotional.<br />In short, Trek 3 remains alongside 2 as the best of the trek  films.
0891349553|5.0|Katherine Dewey writes clear concise instructions that can befollowed by experienced sculptors, rank beginners, adults, kids,anyone! I especially appreciate (as a former art teacher) her tips and advice on taking her basics and going in your own direction.
B000002J20|3.0|Comparing TFTO to Mozart's Requiem is as misguided as calling it the worst album of all time.  It's hardly that good, or that bad.  It IS a fascinating if ultimately flawed work from a band whose ambitions finally  outran even their own considerable musicianship. <br />   Even after  remastering, TFTO still sounds a bit muddy -- perhaps a clearer production  would have helped this one; there is quite a lot going on and clarity is  really essential for music this dense.  And the vocal harmonies, at times,  are more ambitious than the band's skills can carry.  But rather ambition  on this magnitude than safety in the same old thing.  Whatever can be said  about TFTO, it's not the same old thing. <br /> The compositions -- do they  meander?  A bit, and yet there are enough recurring motifs and themes to  give each one at least some sense of unity.  It all seems a little  haphazard at times, but there are so many wonderful moments that a little  wandering off the path (or even forgetting at times to make a path) can be  forgiven.  &quot;The Revealing Science of God&quot; is the only piece that  really works as a unified whole; for the other three you only remember  favorite parts.  Still, those favorite parts are beautiful, and stand among  the best that Yes ever wrote. <br /> In short:  interesting; not for the Yes  neophyte; ultimately, perhaps, not a success -- but no failure, either.   Nearly 30 years later, I still find myself returning to it.  But it does  lack the focus and strong sense of pupose you feel when listening to CLOSE  TO THE EDGE, FRAGILE, or THE YES ALBUM.
0964936003|5.0|This video includes the entire TV transmission from the Apollo 13 spacecraft sent just before the explosion that changed everything.  Following that is 16mm movie footage shot by the astronauts in the darkened  spacecraft while they struggled to survive for the rest of the flight.  The  most intense portion of the video is the unedited TV from the recovery  carrier waiting for confirmation that the crew had survived reentry.  For  me, this was just as stressful as I remembered it being thirty years ago.   And so was my relief when the cameras spyed Odyssey's parachutes unfurling.   The video concludes with the astronauts' press conference conducted a week  after their return.  If you witnessed the flight of Apollo 13, this video  will awaken the feelings you experienced the first time.  If you were not  fortunate enough to have lived through the Apollo era, this video will  allow you to experience &quot;NASA's finest hour&quot; as we 'old-timers'  did.
B00000J7JO|5.0|After buying One Hot Minute the day it came out, it nearly turned me off from the Peppers.  But giving one of my favorite groups a second chance was a must.  I brought this cd   the day after it came out and was amazed.   They came back with one of the best albums of the 99.  John Frusciante is  back at the guitar and Rick Rubin also got brought back in the mix and they  come back in a major way. Add in Anthony seems like life is(if  possible)somewhere back on or near the track. Songs like Parallel Universe,  The Otherside, Scar Tissue, Californication, as well as a few others lead  the list of great songs.  The songs have a great flow to them and the  lyrics actually mean something(not to mention it got nominated for a couple  grammys). This is the type of cd that I can sit back and just relax and  listen to some good music, or jam to if I am in that mood. The Peppers are  back and if you enjoyed them pre-one hot minute then get back into them  with this cd.  If you never tried the Peppers, this is the perfect cd to do  so.  Don't worry....the cd aint too hot....actually it's pretty cool!
B000009EUM|5.0|I agree with Jeff's review wholeheartedly.  If you're wondering what happened to A-ha after &quot;Hunting&quot;, get this album.  My favorite tracks are the most haunting ones:  &quot;Scoundrel Days&quot;, &quot;The  Swing of Things&quot;, and &quot;I've Been Losing You&quot;.  This album is  indeed one of those that you heard 10 years ago and affects you the same  way now.  Focus on Morten's soaring voice and the moody, dark music and not  on the trite lyrics;  they can't help it, it's hard to translate to  English.
0792844882|5.0|A classic. Like an accident on the side of the road, you can't turn your eyes from the screen. I first saw this gem in a theater.  I sat there with my mouth hanging open from the beginning to the end.  Just when I thought  it couldn't get any more garish... IT DID! I was first in line to buy the  laser disc and now I can watch my DVD over and over and over again. Not for  everybody... but then neither is Beyond the Valley of the Dolls!
B00000J7S8|5.0|This is one of my favourite Jazz albums I've ever had. The way Diana sang the songs, with improvisations on the rhytm and tunes, really brings another side of listening sensation. Some of my favourites (in fact, I love  ALL the songs!) are: East of the Sun..., Let's Fall in Love, I Can't Give  You Anything But Love, and Popsicle Toes. This is an album that's worth  trying and deserves to be called Best Vocal Album of the Year!
0684872153|5.0|This is just one of those books you can't put down.  I think it was especially eye-opening because all of the events in the book were true.  It really makes you feel fortunate.  It was truly a wonderful read.  Can't  wait to read 'Tis!
0140177396|4.0|George and Lennie are two wandering travelers looking for work. Getting into predicaments every where they go. George, the brains of the duo work team, is always getting Lennie, a rather big fellow with not too much  intelligence, out of trouble. The two are scheduled to work at a farm in  search for them to make stake and leave. George's ambitions of owning his  own land aniving worry free keeps him working. But there will be several  obstacles to avoid such as Curley,the boss' son, and his wife sho has an  eye for the men on the farm. I liked the book because it showed the  struggle that George was going through with all the troubles with his  friend Lennie. The author really elaborates the two characters and makes it  seem that you get to know them. This is a really good book and I recommend  it to the high school students. Because of the content of the book I don't  recommend it for the yougher ages. But don't be misled, this book is still  excellent and I recommend it. This book may not be very long but such a  good book doesn't need to be with the adventure this one packs.
0380002930|5.0|This is absolutely great. One of the best books I have read. I feel sorry for those people who thought the rabbits should be replaced by humans. It would be extremely boring if every book was about humans. And what was  confusing about this book? I've read it when I was 8 and I totally  understood it. I guess some are just plain stupid.
B000000Y1H|5.0|THis is a GRAND DISC HERE BY THELONIOUS MONK.THE MUSIC will BLOW Your Mind.His Talent is so Incredible that you can't explain it.Very Rich&amp;Timeless Quality here.VERY ESSENTIAL.FROM THIS GENIUS.
B000003NA4|4.0|This is a very nice album. However, I still recommends the Stepping Out (early recordings) and When I Look In your Eyes. That is why I rated this album as 4 stars instead of 5.
B0000024JN|5.0|When I bought this CD, the cashier commented, &quot;I swear everyone in the world must have this CD by now.&quot;  And they should.  Perosnally, I think that this is their best album (better than hello Nasty at least,  although hello nasty is pretty good).  If it is not their best, then it is  definitley the  one with the most classics on it (think Girls, Brass  Monkey, and fight for your right).  Anyone who has a speck of  rebelliousness in them will find this CD very rewarding.
B000001Y79|5.0|i really think this album is really terrific! there are a few people who don't like No Doubt, and I have read the reviews here, but I really think this album rocks! There is a different beats, and rhthyms in each song.  it's like they put something different for everyone! AND GWEN HAS A GREAT  VOICE, PRIOR TO WHAT SOME OF THESE REVIEWER'S SAY! I WISH I CAN HEAR THEM  SING, SO THAT WE CAN SAY SOMETHING ABOUT THERE VOICES! LOL!
B000002AHC|5.0|When I first listened to this CD, I thought I'd made a mistake in purchasing it. It sounded dated and a little too trippy. But, man, does it grow on you. These songs plant themselves inside your brain and mushroom.  Each song slides delicately and serenely into the next and you feel  something complete and total in its short playing time. There's almost a  meditative quality to the album. I have the re-mastered version, with added  tracks, but I don't listen to them, even the song Triad, which wasn't on  the original release, and rightly so. It just doesn't fit, even between I  Wasn't Born to Follow and Get to You. Give this one a try. You'll like it.
0783225970|4.0|it was a great movie for people who love action,drama, and gun play. If you love to see killings you will love this movie
6305657947|5.0|Man of mystique, Brosnan provides this movie with every bit of savoir faire that he brings to his Bond movies.  Pierce Brosnan portrays a bored billionaire who, after stealing a priceless painting in broad daylight,  provides chase to his would-be antagonist who's pursuing him.  The power of  seduction and role-reversals in this masterpiece of cat and mouse game  was  riveting--causing me to ask, &quot;Who's chasing who?&quot;  This is a  thinking man's movie.  If you love finesse, power, brilliance and  seduction, THIS MOVIE IS A &quot;MUST SEE!&quot;
157330087X|5.0|The greatest blues players pay tribute to the man who may be the greatest blues player ever. The full song clips of BB King, Eric Clapton, Bonnie Raitt, Robert Cray are enought to stir the soul and Art Neville's song  &quot;Six Strings Down&quot; is on target for the long lost genius of  Vaughan. The interviews are placed in the wrong places but are still good  material. The true highlights are the clips of Stevie Ray doing what he did  best - playing the blues in another world.
B000002UJQ|5.0|i dont have a whole lot to say, but it is definately an incredible album.  i think that almost anyone could love it, even if you are into different types of music.  this is an album that i can definately give 5 stars to....  enjoy
0385484518|1.0|This book must have been one of the most torturous, boring, touchy-feely-make-you-want-to-puke books I have ever read. I would not recomend it to anyone. I would actually go out of my way to tell people NOT  to read this book (except maybe to a flower child who likes all this overly  affectionate BS). It is WAAAAAAAY overrateted and does not deserve all of  this praise. I think that the only thing I learned from this book was how  to actually  get up early enough to throw it in the back of the garbage  truck. A total watse of time and money, don't even think about buying it,  it doesn't even deserve 1 star.
0790740249|5.0|When I saw the movie Copycat, the guy Peter Foloy was the kind of guy you would trust.  His truth was completly hidden by the way he acted.  He seemed nice and then he killed people.  William McNamara did a great acting  job!
B00000IHHM|5.0|I really love the French 2-cd audio set. For anyone with dvd equipment, it is even better with the original cast singing in French and optional English subtitles. Fabulous camera work. It is available, region one.
B000002BFZ|5.0|Their best album.  There really isn't much else I can say.  This is the best album ever made, and if anyone ever tops it, I only hope it's Pearl Jam.  Icidentally, they aren't even my favourite band - It's just an  incredible album.  It never, ever get's boring.
B00003CX95|5.0|This is one of the greatest stories of our time. A story that needs to be told and taught to school children as a story of courage and loyalty, something our world lacks a great deal of.  Please release this on DVD as  soon as possible.  Maybe a re-release in the movie theatres similar to Star  Wars.
B000002MX7|5.0|This CD is one of my 5 favorites-- Chaka's voice and spirit ring through in each track-- although there are several styles here, all are mastered by this underappreciated talent. None of the current &quot;divas&quot; have  anything on this woman. And, if you need to move, check out Track 13--  &quot;Never Miss the Water&quot;-- awesome! Buy this and you will never  regret it.
6303430570|5.0|This movie has one of the funniest screenplays I have ever heard.  Kevin Smith is simply a genius and this movie proves it.  The banter that goes back and forth constantly reminds me at times of some of the clever  dialogue in Shakespeare. Moreover the constant references to pop-culture  that has become part of history like the Star Wars debate that occurs in  the middle of this piece is the perfect blending of relevant humor and  classic rhetoric.  It's wierd for me to give a movie 5 stars when I don't  think the acting is all that great, and the cinematography isn't exactly  spectacular.  It looks like my brother shot it (though I think that helps  at times).  Still I give this movie five stars just because of the  hilarious nature of the screenplay and I do it without reservation.
B000003S0F|1.0|King Crimson's music is an embarrasing relic of a bad time--the late '60s and early '70s, when rock music became an exercise in middlebrow wank.  The first two albums are funny to listen to now, with their bad poetry and  overblown musical ideas.  Just how crimson was that king, exactly?   &quot;Islands,&quot; which I listened to when I was about thirteen years  old, has one good song, &quot;Ladies Of The Road,&quot; a sort of  sub-Beatle tune about some groupies.  The rest is a bad ripoff of Charles  Mingus and Beefheart. Crimson did go on to make the tolerable  &quot;Starless And Bible Black&quot; and the actually quite listenable  &quot;Red.&quot;  Robert Fripp is a talented guy who is, er, not exactly a  soul man.  His pretentious ideas about music and small mobile units and the  like make me smile; I wouldn't trade all his jive guitar playing for two  notes from Nile Rodgers or Zoot Horn Rollo.  And lord, what awful,  sophomoric lyrics.
0140177396|4.0|The book is about two men that travel together. The only problem is they cannot stay in one place to long because, Lennie seems to have trouble fallow him. All they want is to get there own land.       I liked that the  two men always stuck together. I didn't like the wa that George didn't back  Lennie at the end. I think the book is good for Seventh grade and up. I  recommend that you read it, a good book for the whole family.
B000002L9W|4.0|In 1986 the spot vacated by Roth was occupied by Sammy Hagar;the spot left vacant by Van Halen was occupied by David Lee Roth and this monster of an album where he squarely beat his former bandmates at their own  game.Then,again,you can do no wrong with Vai,Sheehan,and the Bisonette  brothers.Ladies night in Buffalo?
B00000IYWH|5.0|Hey, this album kicks!  That Elvis was in fabulous voice immediately after his release from the Army in March,1960 is no secret to EP fans and a growing number of rock critics, what this reissue of those first sessions also highlights are the great production values Nashville (and, yes, Chet  Atkins) afforded him: session musicians were untied and let loose to show  their stuff; the Jordanaires were no wimps here either (bass Ray Walker  remains one of the great, unalloyed joys of early-sixties back-up singing)  and the selection of songs chosen here is terrific, mostly tougher and  tighter than anything else Elvis would do before 1969.  Even the ballads  are great (again, Elvis here could do no wrong) and the top-40 rock 'n roll  numbers included are delightful, superior to the competition of the era.   This is the sort of music Elvis could have done- would have kept on doing-  had Col. Tom been kicked out and, to use an old argument of Jon Landau's,  had been locked into a studio with Leiber and Stoller and these musicians  and not allowed out until he made the baddest, most listenable lp of its  time.  This is that album.
B000002TYK|5.0|This CD is incredible!   It makes up for all of Nirvana's softer stuff combined!  All of Grohl's songs (with the slight exeption of &quot;For all the Cows&quot;) makes an wonderful blend of music ranging from hardcore  rock to moderate pop, a kickass drummer, and brilliant(if nonsensical)  lyrics.  I mean, it sucks that Kurt Cobain went and commited suicide, but  the music IS good...Anyway, if you like alternative or the Foos themselves,  and don't already have this CD, then for heaven's sakes BUY IT!
0679746048|5.0|Although some may say that this book is dark, I found it to be the most insightful narrative I have read in a long time.  Why?  Simply because the vast majority of teenage girls suffer through a mental disease at one time  during their lives and it's good to know that is not an unusual occurrence.   <br />Having been hospitalized during my early teenage years, I found her  depiction of psychiatric wards very clear and ACCURATE.  What dismayed me  the most is that most people have no idea of what happens in those  hospitals, and therefore can happily delude themselves into believing that  it cannot happen to them or someone in their family (a point Kaysen makes  several times).  <br />But, as anyone who reads the narrative will see, we all  know someone who displays character traits similar to Lisa, Daisy, and  Susanna herself.  I felt an immediate bond with Kaysen and I'm sure anyone  who has traveled the journey of self-discovery will relate to her  experience and pay homage to her courage.  A book for generations of  troubled people.  Highly recommend.
B000001F7R|5.0|Def Leppard at their best. Back when the New Wave Of British Heavy Metal was in full force, bands like Lepp, Iron Maiden, Saxon, Diamond Head, Angel Witch, Witchfinder General, and Gaskin ruled the scene. As you might expect  from the bands I just listed, this is NOT a pop-rock album. This is  straight-forward british heavy metal. Tracks like &quot;Wasted&quot; and  &quot;Getcha Rocks Off&quot; are plain METAL!   By reading this, I guess  being a NWOBHM afficianado does have a lot to do with liking this album. If  you're into harmonies and catchy singles, avoid this. If you want to play  some british steel that will make others say &quot;this is def  leppard! &quot;, buy this album. This album rules!
B000000WHX|5.0|Blue Lines is my favorite cd all times after all these years.  'safe from harm' and 'unfinished sympathy' gives me goose pimples, the angel voice from Shara Nelson with a deep warm bass mixed with a perfect beat is really  awesome.  This cd is a must in your collection !
0140177396|4.0|George and Lennie are two guys who are travailing and looking to earn enough money to buy some land.They get to work on a ranch and meet an old man named Candy and a young man named Slim. Then the bosses son Curly  starts some truble becouse he is smaller than Lenny so he is mad. It is all  taking place in a dry and dusty and hot time. So it will make you sweat to  read this book. it is a good book for the more mature audiences due to the  language.But it is a great book! check it out at your local library today.
6303140157|5.0|I was strongly moved by the singing especially at the competition at the end.super job Whoopi but also the great kids!  waiting for number 3 Roz from Paris
0140177396|4.0|George and Lennie are two guys who are travailing and looking to earn enough money to buy some land.They get to work on a ranch and meet an old man named Candy and a young man named Slim. Then the bosses son Curly  starts some truble becouse he is smaller than Lenny so he is mad. It is all  taking place in a dry and dusty and hot time. So it will make you sweat to  read this book. it is a good book for the more mature audiences due to the  language.But it is a great book! check it out at your local library today.
B00003CWN2|1.0|Every year the Academy nominates a real stinker for a major theatrical award, and this is 1999's.  Supposedly based on a real murder in Nebraska in 1983, &quot;Boys...&quot; is the tale of Tina Brandon, a transexual  wannabe who hacks off all her hair, binds her breasts, dresses all in mens  clothing (including toilet paper wadded in trouser crotch) to get drunk and  fight in roadhouses and poolrooms in order to pick up unsuspecting  women  for lesbian sex.  She becomes infatuated with one of these and is brutally  raped and murdered by her lover's nee'r-do-well ex-convict low life male  relations once her deception is uncovered.  All the characters are cheap  and ignorant and ugly, all the settings are trailer-park tawdry, and the  relationship between Hilary Swank (Best Actress Oscar) and Chloe Sevigny  (Best Actress in a Supporting Role Oscar nomination) is too bent and  exploitive to even evoke sympathy and pathos.  A much better treatment of  the same theme, i.e., the travails of transexuality, is rendered by Philip  Seymour Hoffman and Robert Di Nero in &quot;Flawless&quot;, a flim of  contrasting humanity, wit and warmth which the Academy never looked at  twice.  If for no other reason, &quot;Boys...&quot; is worth buying to  remind us how often the Academy confuses art with social politics and how  far out of touch It can get.
630575067X|1.0|I'm one of the biggest Star Wars fans, but The Phantom Menace is an undisputable sign that Lucas has lost his mind completely. All of the mistakes of Return of the Jedi are magnified 10x. Obviously, he lives in a sad fantasy world where making more money from Pepsi tie-ins is more  important than quality film making. <br />George: Star Wars and Empire were  targeted at a 12 year old audience. That audience is now 30. Don't make  another movie aimed at 5 year olds. You'll make more money and earn some  respect if you think about what your FANS want rather than what YOU want.  The production of this movie was, at best, a weak attempt.<br />Here  are just some of the reasons why I think this film stinks:<br />1. Horrible  dialog: Lucas had 15 years and plenty of talented writers- look at what he  decided to film.<br />2. Bad. Bad acting: If you're going to use newcomers,  there are plenty of good actors trying to get work.<br />3. Bad, bad  directing: Rotten Direction + Rotten Acting = Phantom Menace. How about  some depth to the characters? Focus on developing 3 good characters, not 8  stupid ones!<br />4. Canned Special Effects: We've seen it all before. People  don't want to see computer generated characters, unless its Toy Story.  Check out the Matrix for some true quality effects.<br />5. Stupid STUPID  jokes and way too many of them: Fart jokes, &quot;how rude?&quot;, Jar-Jar.  These used to be serious movies. George, do you understand the  &quot;relief&quot; in comic relief? Keep it down to 2%, OK?<br />OK, Now the  good bits:<br />1. Excellent light saber fights<br />2. Cool political story (yet  badly portrayed)with Senator Palpatine's manipulation of power.<br />3. Decent  performances by Liam and Ewan - oh, the value of real ACTORS!<br />That's all  folks! Hope the next one's better.
B000002BSG|5.0|Merupakan pengalaman yang mendebarkan ketika saya pertama kali mendengarkan album ini... Album ini adalah album terbaik Jamiroquai dan saya benar-benar cinta!
B00000J7J4|5.0|I Listen to this CD in the morning, it zests me up.<br />(Da Le) Yaleo, is the first song I listen to daily when my HiFi alarm wakes me up; and I also use the first 10 seconds as my windows startup sound.
630575067X|1.0|for a big budget, tons of special FX kind of movie, it was okay, it was entertaining. but it's definitely not a classic.  the VHS quality is HORRIBLE. picture quality is poor compared to the SW:TRILOGY that was  released. and this is THX certified?  i dont think so... and paying 15 more  dollars for the widescreen version?  forget it... the xtra stuff you get is  such a piece of crap. the book is so not new [pictures were taken from  other star wars released books]. i suggest you just rent it.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Eden is surely the best song on this albumn.<br />I need to listen to this CD often, usually in the late morning and in the evenings.
B00000JGHM|5.0|i was left speechless after watching this movie. having deniro or pacino on any movie is like a stamp of Quality. it's guaranteed to satisfy you... thank you very much.
0790729989|2.0|WARNING! <br />Single layer.  Two sides.  Mid-film frustration.  Do not buy until dual layer is available.  <br />Otherwise fine film.  I recommend it to all my friends.  Until dual layered version comes out, you might as well  save a few bucks and get the VHS version.  At least then, you won't have to  flip it halfway through.
B0000025VU|4.0|Somewhere out there in Bootleg land is an electric version of Blind Willie McTell and of course, the version of Foot of Pride on the Bootleg collection, which were left off of the final product. Instead, Union Sundown is included. This is a great album with better production than Dylan is used to, a great group of musicians, and fantastic vocals by the much maligned singer. Mark Knopfler provides some nice licks on guitar. Jokerman, I and I, Sweetheart Like You, and Don't Fall Apart on Me are all excellently rendered here. The inexplicable exclusion of the aformentioned cuts notwithstanding, this is a great album that has not worn out its welcome on my disc player, even many years after its release. Bob, I would love to hear you do Don't Fall Apart on me LIVE!
0393038912|4.0|It has been a long time since I have read a book which has lead me to reflect on my thoughts every few pages.  &quot;Chaos&quot; and &quot;Godel, Escher Bach come to mind.  The author clearly has written a position paper  espousing his own politically correct view of the development of dominant  societies.  However, there is enough objective content to educate more than  persuade.  The author does raise a few straw arguments counter to his own  position only to knock them down quickly.  One factor in the spread of  dominant societies the author does not address  is the natural or innate  argressiveness of a society.   A parallel situation in nature is the  unleashing of africanized &quot;killer&quot; bees on South and North  America.  What has led to dominance of the species is its aggressiveness  and not its ability to produce food from the same plants as the European  honeybee.    I have seen gifted, high IQ, well-nourished children routinely  bested by aggressive younger children.   When the means of food production  reached the hardy  people of northern climates tested by poor resources and  harsh climate, the combination was explosive. I believe the spread of  Christianity also helped by stabilizing these agressive societies enough to  turn their energy outward on the world instead of their neighbors.  I  finished reading this book months ago and it still can keep me up at night.
B000002552|4.0|Word to the wise: a little less than half of the stuff on this collection consists of recordings by the Band (sans Dylan) made in the studio LONG AFTER THE TRUE BASEMENT TAPES WERE RECORDED.  Although some of them ain't  bad (Katie's Been Gone is particularly good I think), they really have no  right to be here.  It's just another example of R. Robertson trying to  rewrite history to improve his own stock.  Anyway, the true Basement tapes  contained here, all with lead vocals by Dylan, are quite otherwordly yet  familiar, hypnotic and simple, but incredible.  My suggestion is to tape  the Dylan cuts and leave out the Band stuff or go hunt for the Bootlegs  (THE GENUINE BASEMENT TAPES) which are contained in five cd's, and contain  all Dylan sung material (or 99%) with originals and covers which are  amazing to listen to when they work and when Dylan doesn't give up on them  in mid-song. If you are not sure which cuts don't belong, a few listens  should clear it up as the Band material was clearly made in a studio while  the Basement tapes were recorded in less than optimal conditions which give  the recordings their unique sound.
6301966988|5.0|Excellent movie. Why isn't it available on DVD?  With all the garbage movies available on DVD why isn't Ghost?
0783233477|5.0|This movie was really really good. It has been so underrated however by endless blows by critic after critic. It is the first movie that has hade me in tears for 2 years.
B00003CWPR|1.0|They say Kubrick died so that he wouldn't have to see this film. I can only hope this is the case. If you are mired in middle class virtues and have never ventured far from home, you may  find this enlightening.  Otherwise, this is an ode to the non-adventurous, the non-artistic, and  will confirm you in all your beliefs that what you have settled for in life  is fine and good. Unless you are very young, or have learned very little in  the course of your life, you will learn nothing from this film. As a great  fan of Dr. Strangelove, 2001, and A Clockwork Orange, I can only say that  we are all allowed mediocrities in our lives, some earlier, some later. I  adore Kubrick's classic earlier work. Unfortunately, this film takes no  risks, and therefore does not exist, even remotely, in the same class.  Don't waste your time.  Remember his greatness...and forget this film.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Radiohead's &quot;Ok Computer&quot; provides some of the greatest music of the 1990's.  From slow to fast and back to slow, this group takes us on an unforgettable ride.  I highly recommend it!
0140177396|4.0|The story oif Mice and Men is a good book because there is never really a dull moment. I expected the book to be about mice. I later found out it was really about. This book was about two lowlife farmers who are trying to get  their own stake. George is the brighter one who is in charge of the  operation. So the book takes place in a rural area in California. I t is a  fiction book. It's a rally good book so you should check it out.
0440234743|2.0|The Testament disappointed.  I have enjoyed most of Grisham's works but in &quot;The Chamber&quot; and now in &quot;The Testament&quot; he fosters his opinions  on capital punishment (Chamber) and born again religion  (Testament) on his readers who are expecting a good legal/mystery thriller.   I felt cheated and was upset with time spent reading The Testament.  If he  and his publishers were more candid those who like this type of book can  choose it and the rest of us will pass.  Grisham is a good writer, but I do  not wish to be preached to by him.
B00001QEBQ|5.0|watching Mulan give me a suspicious feeling if the American can ever handle the charactor depict one of China hero.After watching Mulan,I was wrong and all suspicious were gone.not only had the American had done a  good job of making a beautiful and educational cartoon.They had also bring  the chinese legend to life to the world.and had given the world a whole new  view of China.I think that disney had completely heading a new  direction.gone are the days when one can only see the female charactor been  a weak and sorrowful depenable cast.we had see a whole new disney in a  complete new direction and refreshing way.Mulan is a cartoon to be  watch.highly recommneded.
0393314804|5.0|This brilliant piece of work deserves more than 5 stars!  The Scottish is written phonetically, which makes it fascinatingly complex (for those of you who can't understand the first few pages, it gets easier!   One of the  most enthusiastic, witty, living books I have ever read.  After reading  Trainspotting, you will UNDOUBTEDLY become a huge fan of Irvine Welsh....he  is the insane genius of the written word....JUST READ IT!
B000002H70|5.0|Not only is the best Cure c.d., it is truly one of the best c.d.'s to come away from the late 80's and early 90's, carrying so much emotional weight.  If you go back and listen to all the old albums from high school and stuff,  well, they're not as good as you may remember.  But this one is.  I  consider Robert Smith a lyrical genuis, but it's the music!  The opening of  &quot;Plainsong&quot; is just so lonely, and the epic  &quot;Disintergration&quot; has that Asian flavor they mysteriously  incorporate into their music.  This album is sad, lonely, and yet hopeful  in the way it wraps itself around your heart and memories.
B00000IAU3|1.0|The cd says no angel, well, she sure can't sing like one. Dido is just flat-out awfull! The lyrics are depressing, the synthesizers are wierd, and Dido sounds worse than my cat after he's had to mutch grass! DON'T WASTE  YOUR MONEY ON THIS HOWLING WITH BAD COMPUTERS!
B00000JCOV|5.0|This is the best heavy metal rock or whatever u wanna call it cd out there! i have let all my friends listen to it and they became obsesed with it and bought the cd like i did!I know a bunch of people that listen to  nuthin but rap and still say how slipknot is krazy and that they have the  cd!its freakin funny!So no matter what kinda music u listen to BUY THIS  DAMN CD!Thank u :)
630505116X|5.0|THIS MOVIE HAS TONS OF ACTION.IT'S VERY CREATIVE AND FULL OF NEW IDEAS.THE MONSTER LOOKS SO REAL IN THE MOVIE.IT HAS GREAT SPECIAL EFFECTS.IT'S VERY GORRY IN KILLING WAYS.THIS MOVIE IS WORTH BUYING AND I PROMISE YOU'LL ENJOY  IT.BUY IT NOW YOU WON'T BE DISSAPOINTED.DEEP RISING TO ME IS BETTER THAN  DEEP BLUE SEA,LAKE PLACID,AND ANDACONDA.
630575067X|4.0|Although the acting was alittle &quot;stiff&quot;, I thought this was an exciting movie with outstanding CG (Computer Graphics).  Unfortunately when G. Lucas transfered it to VHS standard format (the cheap version) some of  the film quality is lost. I was one of several individuals who noticed the  quality difference. I had to purchase the wide screen collector's edition  to find a much beter, VHS version. I still do not under stand why this  film, the Star Wars Trilogy, and Indiana Jones Trilogy are not available on  DVD?
6302968135|2.0|THE ACTING IS HORRBLE.I HAVN'T SEEN A WORSE GANG RELATED MOVIE THAN THIS ONE.THE ONE GOOD THINGG THAT I LIKE IS HOW PACO CHANGES IS LIFE AROUND AND BECOMES A COP INSTEAD OF A LOSER.IT SHOWS A GOOD EXAMPLE WHY YOU SHOULD  CHANGE YOUR LIFE INTO GOOD INSTEAD OF EVIL.DON'T BUY IT JUST RENT IT.
0486278077|3.0|There is too much monotonous content in this book, but when it all comes through it isn't all that bad. This book's intention was clear, but it took to long to develop. This idea should have been made into a short story and  not a two-hundred page story.
B00002E233|2.0|THE SPECIAL EFFECTS BLOW.THE SHARKS LOOK FAKE.I GAVE IT 2 STARS BECAUSE THERE'S ACTION AND BLOOD.THE IDEA OF THE SHARKS BEING CAPTIVE IN A LAB LIKE IS INTERESTING TO ALL.ALL AROUND DON'T BUY IT JUST RENT IT.
B00004HYLF|5.0|Of all the jazz/fusion albums I own this one gets the most play, I just can't stop listening. I was completely blown away by the playing, especially Stanley and Al. Not to mention Lenny, the guy is a monster! What  even freaks me out more is the album is over 20 years old, these guys were  visionaries.<br />Track #3 The Romantic Warrior is the best song I have ever  heard, period!  The emotions, tension, and climax conveyed are beyond  description. This is truly the one album I can say I could not live  without!
B00000J6AG|4.0|Don't even bother reading his essays that accompany this CD. He's obviously a narcissist.  It's the same old rhetoric you've heard a million times before.  But most of the music is unique, and great background for  anything you need to do.  It would sound awesome in a big echoey loft.
B00003CXDU|5.0|\\"Galaxy Quest\\" is a thoroughly entertaining homage to that wonderful universe created by one Gene Roddenberry. With a witty script and a marvelous blend of adequate special effects and action, this film is a comedy with its tongue-in-cheek humor affectionately administered. Tim Allen is good as the parody of James T. Kirk while Siguorney Weaver provides \\"ample\\" support as a communications officer with limited skills. Allan Rickman does a fine job in the \\"Leonard Nimoy/Mr. Spock-role as the actor forever typecast as a result of his character's popularity. Darryl Mitchell as the \\"token\\" minority \\"speaks\\" for the underused talents of Star Trek vets Nichele Nichols and George Takai. Most of all, it is Sam Rockwell who really steals the show as a \\"bit player\\" who accidentally gets taken on an adventure of a lifetime. One does not have to be Trekker to appreciate this film and the outstanding effort on the part of the moviemakers to produce a comic gem. Beam me up for the sequel!
0792140346|5.0|I've recommended this film to a number of people and they have all loved it. A &quot;Who done it?&quot; starring Richard Gere and Edward Norton that has more twists and turns,plots and subplots than any movie I've seen in a  while. If you are an Edward Norton fan,this,I believe is his best work. The  movie will keep you guessing.
B00000K2SD|5.0|the best movie i have ever, ever seen. great plot and effects, buy it.
6305609691|1.0|Alot of people loved this movie but if you were there like I was(68-69) you'd be saying&quot;What the Hell is this?&quot; They should have called it&quot;The Manson Family of the Boonies&quot;  Ridiculous!
B00000253N|5.0|&quot;Blood On the Tracks&quot; is unquestionably the essential Dylan album.  Only rarely does one come across an album where every song is a well-wrought piece of art that could stand alone, yet somehow contributes  to an overall theme or attitude.  When people tell me they don't like Bob  Dylan, I simply play them this album.  If they still don't like Dylan  afterwards, then I seriously reconsider my association with them.  Tracks  1,2, and 9 are amongst the best songs about the unpredictability of life  and love ever composed.  You must buy this album!
6305718954|3.0|Even though I thoroughly enjoyed this movie I did have some reservations about giving it five stars. I'm not Catholic, but I found the idea of the Vatican condoning violence to cover up Scriptures of any kind unnerving. I  wouldn't have said anything but some of the reveiwers believe in this  theory. Amazon sells books on the Gospel of St. Thomas. It's not hidden  away. Read them first before you organize a lynch mob. The story is  fictional people,fictional.
B000002KHF|5.0|Van Morrison + Your honey lover = one good time<br />If you are looking for an album to chill out with, especially in the company of your signifcant other, you can't do much better than this.  If the songs on  &quot;Moondance&quot; aren't enough to convince you to get your groove on,  I seriously reccommend you check your pulse.
B000002C1Z|5.0|There is no doubt in my mind that this CD contains some of the best music that has been ever recorded or written, bar none.  When it comes to judging the strength of a piece, I weigh the emotional impact that it delivers to  me very highly.  If I cry and shivers are running down my spine, I know  that I am in the company of greatness.  Animals always does this to me.   David Gilmour is such a wonderful guitarist at pulling emotion from every  note, I always felt that (with all due respect to Roger Waters) the  emotional nexus was firmly in Gilmour's fingers.  And the solos and guitar  playing in Animals were never equaled again (sporadically, yes, but never  throughout the recording).  Dogs and Pigs are the best among the best that  a great group had to offer.
0896600580|5.0|If you can only have one Norman Rockwell book, look no further. This is the quintessential Norman Rockwell. You can spend hours and hours looking at the illustrations and still not fully grasp all the subtle nuances -  like the cameo paintings within the painting; the relections in the mirror;  the advertisements in the folded newspapers; and so on. I have only found  one inconsistency. In &quot;The Clock Mender&quot; some areas in the  painting make an abrupt departure from his trademark quasi-realistic style.  It reminds me of Picasso's &quot;Les Demoiselles d'Avignon&quot;. Was  Rockwell cleverly introducing &quot;Surrealism&quot; into this particular  painting, in an inverted Salvador Dali sort of way? Or was the original  painting simply damaged and then retouched by someone else? It would make  delightful reading if Mr Finch, or anyone else, could offer an  explanation.<br />From Kelvin
6305558167|5.0|All I'm going to say about the movie is that it's excellent.  <br />But, I've got a few gripes about the DVD.  For one, the colors are too vibrant.  When was the last time you saw green moss that looked that green!   And the  trees...  That same intense shade of green seemed to show up in every frame  of the movie!  Well, not quite, but if it wasn't glinting off Merlin's  skull cap it was mirrored in the Sword or reflecting off of the water.   Very strange...<br />The sound got a little wacky at times, too.  Sorta sounds  like when the tape slows down then catches up.  I only heard this once or  twice, so it's not a big deal.<br />Despite it's flaws, the DVD is worth  getting.  The picture does look nice.  Umm, except in the scene where  Percival throws the Sword back into the lake and The Lady reclaims it.  As  the Sword spins, it looks as if the techs didn't bother cleaning up that  bit of the reel.<br />Hopefully, WB will re-release this.  But in the mean  time, get it just because the movie is so good.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I have never heard so much winging from a group of fans over this excellent album.  And nearly all the complainers are YANKS! Over here in the UK we must have a more tolerant attitude to change coz everyone that  has listened to this album has gone into spasms of delight. Every band  needs to change and at least their growing old gracefully, unlike some  flaming bands I could mention (KISS by any chance!) If you don't believe me  go to the Amazon UK site, www.amazon.co.uk So to all them sad losers that  have nothing better to do than slag off one of the defining moments in  Metallica history......<br />GET A LIFE YOU INBRED GEEKS!
630575067X|4.0|Spectacular effects, cool new ships, a great intro for R2D2. Who knew that when C3PO said &quot;Thank the Maker&quot;, he was referring to Darth Vader? Only gripe is that the dialogue lacks luster and none of the humans  in the story are really that engaging, except of course, Palpatine.
B000002UAU|5.0|words cannot explain the profound effect this legendary album had on the music industry and still does now.<br />The production on this album still sounds crisp 33 years later.  Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds is a beautiful  track.
6305364648|5.0|I LOVE THIS MOVIE AND HAVE WATCHED IT OVER 20 TIMES.  IF YOU HAVE A HOME THEATRE SETUP, DONT MISS THIS!  ITS GOT EVERYTHING AND MORE.  DO NOT MISS THIS!
0395645662|5.0|I just wanted to say that this is the best book i've ever read, and the thing is that i really dislike reading. This is one of the few books I enjoyed. I read it last year in 8th grade and it is a truely touching and moving book. The world that Lowry creates is so overwhelming it totaly  envelops you in the reading. I would recomend this book to anyone i love  it!
B000001IPP|5.0|I have 3 of 4 rancid CD's, and I have listened the most recent one &quot;Life Won't Wait&quot; (which i can't stand) and this CD is the one you MUST own. These guys were once played on the radio (not this album) and  I'm glad they stopped playing them because people like Blink fans were  listening to it. They don't deserve to hear Rancid =)  . The first Rancid  CD, self titled, is hard but awesome, and ...And Out Come The Wolves is  their more trendy album. On all 3 CD's, EVERY SINGLE SONG IS AWESOME. I'd  suggest Let's Go, Self Titled, and Out come the wolves to any punk fan  immedediately!
0140177396|4.0|I thought that the book was a really good book.  I really didnt think that it would be about what it was about, judging by the cover.  other then that it was a good book.  I would reccomend that other people read this book.  I really think it was a good bokk for high school students. It is a good book  for any age.  I'd say the age limit would probably be from 13 on up.  But  in my opinion it was an excellent book.  It wasn't a boring book.  It was  actually exciting.  I thought it would be boring.  I was wrong.  I hope  that anyone that reads this book.  Enjoys it as much as i did.
6305750750|5.0|You will not find a bigger Star Wars fan than me. I saw the original when I was 5 and this new one is just as good. After seeing it 13 times, it just keeps getting better. The actions that take place in the background are the  most detailed special effects you'll ever see. Widescreen is the only way  to go. I have seen both versions and the pan &amp; scan loses to much. Pure  action satisfaction. Don't miss out. Gearge has said that all 6 episodes  will be in a DVD box set but not until christmas of 2005. The VHS is well  worth the purchase. Enjoy!
B00003CXDV|5.0|I've been a Star Trek fan for years. All the new Star Trek movies seem to be missing the humor that the Captain Kirk-episodes had. Galaxy Quest puts the humor back into Si-Fi. I've seen it three times and am looking forward  to its release on VHS/DVD. A must see in my book....
6302732875|5.0|Just watched this movie--what a great cast and what amazing acting.  Great adaptation from stage to screen.  Jack Lemmon, Al Pacino, Ed Harris and Kevin Spacey all come together in this movie about &quot;closers&quot; and  &quot;losers&quot; in a competition amongst salesmen in a small real estate  office.  Makes me really want to see this staged...
B00000K19E|5.0|Certaily the best sci-fi film of the year. Easily Accessable to non-sci fi fans as well. Neat underlying themes: &quot;There is a difference between knowing the path, and walking the path&quot;. Great religious undertones  and faith exploration. Thought provocing evolutionary themes: Man vs.  Computer. Hugely entertaining! Great action and awesome special effects.  Cinematograpghy was fantastic. Notice the color differentiation in the  different worlds. Pokes at our natural curiousity for the truth.<br />What is  the Matrix? Perhaps the best and easily most fun film of the year.
B00004RFFS|5.0|This film is soo good, it makes you want to be a vampire, honest. If you read the books it makes you love it even more.
B00000K19E|5.0|Certaily the best sci-fi film of the year. Easily Accessable to non-sci fi fans as well. Neat underlying themes: &quot;There is a difference between knowing the path, and walking the path&quot;. Great religious undertones  and faith exploration. Thought provocing evolutionary themes: Man vs.  Computer. Hugely entertaining! Great action and awesome special effects.  Cinematograpghy was fantastic. Notice the color differentiation in the  different worlds. Pokes at our natural curiousity for the truth.<br />What is  the Matrix? Perhaps the best and easily most fun film of the year.
0380796090|5.0|THE HELL WITH BRIDGET JONES!  THIS ONE BLOWS HER AWAY!  I don't understand all the hype about Jones's books.  They did nothing for me like this one did.  Although on the other hand, the style has some similarities with this  is definately more realistic.  I guess maybe it is because I am married and  never really had a crazy single dating period in my life.<br />Let me tell  you.... I am an avid reader and I was laughing out loud with tears in my  eyes!  The characters are too funny.  &quot;Lucy Sullivan's Wedding&quot;  was good also. I can't wait to read &quot;Offshore Automation&quot; (I  believe it's coming out in August).<br />Don't pass this one up!
B00000AOUD|5.0|Ah, thick as a brick.  this record has forever changed the way I listen to music.  i am 19 and am an enormous Jethro Tull fan (at least up through Stormwatch), and I have to say hands down this is the best Tull album.   Every second is brillant.  it is such an uplifting record to listen to.  I  bought this record about two years ago and i have listened to it heavily  and regularly ever since.  As another reviewer said, the IS a reason why no  one has given this less than four stars.  The perfect production really  comes through on CD.  The stereo sound is excellent as it builds around you  on so many different platforms of sound.  Every note of every instrument  compliment each other and build and twist into an almost orgasmic effect.   New secrets of musical genius are revealed every listen.  Without a doubt,  Thick as a Brick is the happiest, most inspiring, fantastically interesting  45 minutes of wonder to ever grace my ear.  I cannot reccomend it enough to  you.  whether you enjoy Jethro Tull or not, this album should offer some  bit of joy for you.
B000002IHD|5.0|Otis was the king. No-one but no-one was a better singer. He could turn you inside out with his voice. He had power and passion, and he wasn't so smooth and perfect as to bore you. He had so much soul that had he walked  into a fish restaurant they would have served him with lemon sauce! What  I'm saying that if soul is about expressing powerful emotion through your  voice, no-one was better. And the songs. A Change is Gonna Come is one of  the most powerful anthems of the civil rights movement. And the guy could  sing love songs too. Buy Otis and listen to him late at night, early in the  morning, all the time. He Rules
0140177396|4.0|The reason I chose this book was because we had to read it in school. I thought it would be about a man and his mouse.<br />My feeling after reading the book is that it was good and the writer had alot of feelings and draw  in the book.<br />The book wasnt what I thought it would be. &quot;I thought  it would not be very good &quot;.<br />I didnt feel the same after reading the  book because it was good and well thought out. <br />the story is about two  men &quot;mainly&quot;They are Lennie and George and they are traveling  around job to job trying to make money . Lennie likes to touch things that  he likes and gets them kicked out of all the towens they go to. Lennie and  George get a plan to own there own land and hope to stop working for  everyone else. This is the type of book that gets you hooked and you cant  stop reading. The author is John Steinbook.<br />One thing that I liked about  the book is that it has good characters and a good story line that gets you  hooked. <br />I would recommend this book to anyone who is used to strong  language and a little violence. other then that any one can read it.  .
0783229887|4.0|It`s a long time since I saw the previous movies, so I can`t remember what they were like, but this is without doubt a really great movie. The combination of horror and comedy suits the film excellent. I think the film  deserves more than 4 stars, but not as much as 5 stars, so let`s say 4 1\2  stars. I`ve also heard rumours about another follow-up, which will have the  title: &quot;Child Of Chucky&quot;. I`m really looking forward to it!
6300216802|2.0|This movie is producer Gene Roddenberry's vision of what Star Trek and the future ought to be.  It is not unfortunately, the Star Trek that fans and movie goers want.  Roddenberry paints a cool, streamlined landscape of an  idyllic computer assisted life, albeit one in which mankind is still driven  to explore the unknown and face the hazards of deep space.  Perhaps  confronted by the  challenge of presenting his story in a feature length  format, Roddenberry conceived a monumental storyline in which Earth is  directly confronted, thereby elevating the status of his heroes.  Ironically,because their adversary is so powerful, the crew is forced to  retreat in front of it throughout the film.  As would be expected from Mr.  Roddenberry, the threat is eliminated not by force (not one phaser is fired  in the entire movie), but by reason, deduction, and in the finale, by  sacrifice.  The characters are largely confined to the bridge of the  Enterprise, resulting in a motion picture that is more talk than action.   Interestingly, the actors were restrained, playing their roles far more  seriously than they ever did on TV. Given the some of the cast's abilities  to overact (which may be forgiven considering the material they had to work  with), this may be viewed as an advantage.  Despite these constrictions,  the film opened up Roddenberry's TV Star Trek universe by introducing new  technology, space stations, and space craft, all wonderfully portrayed in  vivid detail.  The accompanying music by Jerry Goldsmith, though loud and  ponderous at times, is to be greatly admired.  There is a fine storyline  underlying the main theme regarding Mr. Spock's understanding of the roles  of logic and emotion in his life. <br />Star Trek - TMP appears to be one  man's best effort to show off his creativity. To his credit he produced  something far different from Star Wars with its simpler and shallower  story. However, Roddenberry failed as he did with his Star Trek TV pilot  &quot;The Cage,&quot;to tone his ideas down to the majority of movie goers  who seem to  value action over ideas.
B000002LGQ|4.0|First of all I'm not a Madonna fan. When this album came out in 89, me and my buds were all hardcore headbanging maniacs. If anyone even knew I had this album, my life might have been over. Why did I buy it? 1989 was a  crazy year for me, (left home on bad terms, bitter/sweet first love  relationship, experimentation). Anywho when I first heard the song Cherish,  I said to myself 'Wow wouldn't it be great to have someone feel that way  about me? Then I heard Oh Father, and I had to break down and buy the  record. It's not my kind of music, but it really struck me, and I still  listen to it now and then (Hey I still headbang too! ) It's very  listenable, I espescially like 'Act of Contrition'. The only dive nose tune  is the godawful duet she does with Prince. It's so terrible my finger is on  the FF button before it even starts. If not for that one tune, I would have  given it five stars.
B00000IQUT|1.0|The only people I can see really trying to get this flick are poor souls in the UK who are curious as to why it was banned.  I'll tell you why it should have been banned.  Unfortunately in Britain they still censor and ban films, which is a joke, and people become obsessed with  these &quot;nasty&quot; flick, most of them being just plain bad.  Save  your money, American or British, and pass over this poor excuse for a film.
B00000IL1K|5.0|After the success of &quot;Time To Say Goodby&quot;, which spent about 60 weeks as number one on the classical crossover chart for Sarah, it would be hard to top that success.  And even tho this album may not be better, it is  still so good that is is a must for all Sarah fans.  If you prefer songs  which are a bit less opera-like then you may even find this album better.   You will find 5 to 8 songs here that will move you so much that you will be  a Sarah fan from now on.
0671867369|5.0|I rated the book Band of Brothers 5 stars.  Band of Brothers is a very interesting book about E Company, part of the 101st Airborne Division of the Army back in World War II.  The book begins with E Company's basic  training at Camp Toccoa and all of the men's hatred of their C.O. Lt.  Herbert Sobel.  Band of Brothers gives detailed descriptions and first hand  accounts of men from E Company telling about their experiences throughout  basic training and the war.  The book ends with what the men of E Company  did after the war was over and where their careers took them.  Band of  Brothers is a great account of what many companies in World War II went  through.  I enjoyed this book thoroughly because the men actually told real  stories of what happened to them and their friends in the war.  This was  one of the main reasons I chose this book and the fact that I think Stephen  Ambrose is a fantastic writer.  Many of Ambrose's books are enjoyable to me  because he actually does some of the things that men in war did just to get  a feel of what they went through.  I have also read Americans at War by  Ambrose and am now currently reading What If? by Ambrose.  Both of these  books are excellent as well for many of the same reasons.  Ambrose gets the  most out of all the interviews he does with veterans, which makes his books  very intriguing.
B00000JG41|4.0|'California' must surely be the first Bungle album to be a truly rewarding experience. Tracks such as 'Pink Cigarette' and 'Sweet Charity' will be exceptionally favourable to the easy listening FNM fans, whilst the  magnificent 'None of them knew..' and 'Goodbye Sober Day' experiment whilst  maintaining a strong degree of accessibility. Basically, pretty damn  good!
B00000J7J4|2.0|This album is very commercial. Santana has understood how to make money with songs that are devoted to the people fond of the music of MTV but not surely to the listeners of Jimi Hendrix, Miles Davis or Tito Puente. If you  wish to listen some real genuine latin music, buy the first album of  Ibrahim Ferrer or the last of Compay Segundo.  Luckily, in this album  Santana shows that he has not forgotten how to play the guitar.
B000001F2H|4.0|This album is very nice and it is so famous that does not need of further comments.  I think it features the most underrated (John Mayall) and the most overrated (Eric Clapton)musicians of the history. Eric Clapton is a  good guitarist that has become rich and famous especially for songs written  by others, that he shaped in a POP form (Cocaine, I shot the sheriff, so  on). John Mayall's contribution to the blues has always been sincere and  important, his voice is GREAT and the sound of his harmonica will always be  warm and passionate.
0782008372|3.0|This is one of my all time favorite films. This is a film that has inspired many things, among them two mediocre sequals and a epic masterpiece of a series. The camera angles were ahead of their time and the  cinematography was outstanding. The soundtrack is a pump you up and leave  you crying, suited perfectly for this tale. The reason this classic gets  three stars instead of five is the crackly picture and the lack of special  features. If you love this movie like I do buy it. If you want a perfect  DVD retool your thought process and wait for the next edition.
6305364648|1.0|I saw this movie a week beofre it was released and found it to be the single most excruciating movie-going experience of my life. I was sure it would be regarded as a bomb, but, lo and behold, it inexplicably turned out  to be popular.<br />I enjoy good action movies, and I consider James Cameron  to be one of the premier action movie directors out there, so I had high  hopes for the film.  But the humour was terribly forced, mostly consisting  of really over-the-top, wacky occurances, while some passerby looks at it  and goes &quot;huh?&quot;  The action was overwrought without a shred of  suspense.  It features one of the most ridiculously cruel scenes in the  history of cinema, the interrogation/forced stripping scene of Jamie Lee  Curtis.  As if it isn't enough that the villains were unfunny sterotypes,  they aren't even presented as being remotely competant enough to pose a  serious threat to anything.  <br />One interesting comparison to other Cameron  films: in nearly all of Camerons films, the villains kill scores of people  while the heroes kill no one.  In this film, the hero kills scores of  people while the villains kill no one!  The villains aren't competant  enough to kill a single person in the film.  Actually, a couple of times  they kill their own guys by accident.  The key to a good action movie or  thriller is creating a real threat to the heroes.  Normally Cameron knows  that, but here he was too busy trying to be wacky to even consider it.   Let's hope he sticks to what he's good at.
0790734060|5.0|I am a high school freshmen and we saw this film in class as apart of our history lessons.  I just gotta say that this film was simply brilliant just like Mozart himself!  This film gave me an insight on Mozart himself.  It  was sad though, at the end when Mozart died.  As for that guy who's against  Mozart, well, I felt mad and yet sympathized him.  This film is really,  really good!  A good look back at history.
B000009RC2|5.0|I love this album. Ever since its release, I find myself coming back over and over again. At first listen, many of the cuts may come across as frenetic jam sessions. But that is the extraodrinary nature of this album.  It may sound raw as first listen (Birds of Fire, an album that is almost as  good, has a much more polished sound if you prefer), but that is because  the Mahavishnu Orchestra was creating something radically new with this  album. Each of the band members has a distinct, powerful, and often  contrasting style and yet they have somehow manged to combine all of this  energy to great effect. I agree with those who say Cobham's drumming glues  many of the cuts together and I can't imagine anyone else doing it so  defly. Give a listen to Vital Transformation in particular and you will be  truly amazed. Goodman and Hammer show unbelievable style and expressiveness  on both acoustic and electric tracks and McLaughlin is astonishing  throughout. They all shine on Noonward Race, in particular, with McLaughlin  taking his solo into musical dimensions that I had never before entered.  McLaughlin has a reputation as a musical force with a resume of innovation  that is incredible. This album reinforces that reputation in spades.
B0000025RI|5.0|Thriller is just was just as much of an experience for the people that were young when it came out as the Beatles and Elvis were to their respective generations.  This is one that will not die.  The sales speak  volumes, and the songs on this one emulate hit after hit after hit.   Inevitably, Jackson built himself such a masterpiece, he will never live to  see that kind of success or talent laid down on a single recording again.   This is arguably the best album ever when looking at the diversity and  sheer number of hits.  Just take a look at Billboard at the time this album  was DESTROYING everyone else's efforts to claim the number one spot.  This  was the one that nobody, NOBODY could top for literally a whole year. Not  even individual efforts by McCartney (who joins Jackson on the album).
0380973464|2.0|First of all, in my opinion, Neal Stephenson is a very good writer (Snow Crash is just wonderful) but this is not one of his better books.<br />This book is vaguely Microsoft-ish because it is extremely bloated but it does a  few cool things.  However the few cool things are massively overshadowed by  the overall unsatisfactory operation of the item.  The book is way too  long....It makes &quot;A Suitable Boy&quot; seem terse...has too many major  characters that the author just goes on and on about...and the ending seems  like the publisher said &quot;All right, Neal, your contract says the book  can't be any longer than 910 pages, OK?&quot; and then author just seemed  to remember that as he was finishing page 895.<br />There are bits that are  really good but they are drowned out by pages and pages of text that  doesn't really add anything to the story.  The author spends something like  3 pages describing how one character eats his breakfast cereal...and I  still didn't get how he arranged the squares of cap'n crunch in this  mouth..(and after three pages, I didn't really care either).<br />It's not a  horrible read by any means (it is very entertaining in sections), but it is  just long and vaguely unsatisfactory when you finish it (and the hardback  is mondo heavy, weight wise...you won't be lugging this book on the subway  or an airplane).  It would have been much better if it was 350 pages  shorter because there is simply a great deal of text that doesn't add a  thing to story or the characters.  Editors can be your friends, Neal!
B000002KGT|5.0|I've heard the Beatles and Mac comparisons.  I have to honestly say that I never got the same emotions or deep feelings from the Beatles as I did Fleetwood Mac, or in particular, this album. The beatles have a deserved  spot at the summit of the mountain, but Fleetwood Mac most deservedly has  an excellent mountain top view too.  Songs like Dreams, The Chain, Go Your  Own Way, it just seems to continue and continue into greatness.  This album  was received instantly as a timeless classic by critics and fans alike.  IT  happens to also be the third and climbing slowly to the second highest  selling album in the US of all-time.  And just like Stevie finishes on  &quot;Dreams&quot;- &quot;When the rain washes you clean, you'll  know.&quot; After hearing this album, you will know.  And stop the Beatles  comparisons already.  They put out good tunes, but this is real and  soul-deep music.
0780628551|1.0|I don't usually make it a habit to write reviews about movies I can't stand - because the interest and enthusiasm just aren't there.  However, for this movie, I'll make an exception!  This movie is TERRIBLE!   As  someone else so eloquently put, I WISH I DIDN'T EVEN HAVE TO GIVE IT ONE  STAR!  It's draggy; the writing is dull; the characters might as well be  made out of plastic; and it's not even scary or suspenseful in the least  (and trust me, I'm someone who scares VERY easily)!  What was with Johnny  Depp's hair and accent?  Pukesville.  And what was with that woman's shorn  head?  Not attractive.  Suffice it to say, I can't find a single good thing  to say about this boring,ho-hum of a film.  I can't even comment about the  end, because I FELL ASLEEP!  I'm just glad I rented the movie as opposed to  buying it!
B0000047CX|5.0|The title, beyond category was an Ellington expression, to describe those elements of great art that are so far ahead of the rest they defy comparison, even to each other. This recording of Jobim, Getz, et. al. is  most assuredly BEYOND CATEGORY. Getz, the apex of the Lester Young  influenced tenor players, shows his true mastery on this timeless  recording. I've worn out numerous copies of this LP and am entralled to see  that it's been remastered, such a beautiful recording it is. Getz, aside,  the true genius here is Jobim himself, easily the Ellington of Brazil, his  composing ability legendary. This recording, with Joao and Astrud Gilberto  added, was to be a thing of beauty words cannot describe. When in a  romantic mood I ALWAYS think of this first. And my Roxanne puts me in that  mood, constantly.
B000002L68|5.0|Out of all the records I've heard by Prince, this one is the best.The first track,Lets go Crazy,is a great way to start off the cd with its badass guitar playing.The next track,Take me with U, is a great pop song.  The Beautiful Ones turns from a love song to a rock ballad. But the true  classics on this cd are When Doves Cry and Purple Rain. All in all,this cd  is a timeless classic that you'll probably treasure forever.
6305750750|2.0|I recently saw &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; on video. I had seen it twice at the theatre and thought it was very average. This time around I thought I'd give it another chance. Maybe I was wrong. I wasn't!  This film  is disappointing in so many ways, it's not funny. Don't get me wrong, I  love Star Wars. Saw the first one twelve times when it first came out. Blew  my mind. The main thing that attracted Star Wars to me and my seven year  old colleagues was tho coolness of this film. Not the special effects, but  the cool and more importantly the soul of the film.  What am I talking  about. I'm talking about Han Solo(say no more),Darth Vader, Chewbacca,  Obi-Wan Kenobi, the Millennium Falcon, the Death Star attack. And it kept  getting better!(except for Jedi, enough said)Now we know some of the  characters were a bit annoying. You know who they are. But at least there  was depth to these characters. These ones are just soulless.  There is  hardly any moving moments in the whole film, apart from the key sequence  when Qui Gonn Jinn and Darth Maul are blocked off from each other in the  final light sabre battle. Even when Qui Gonn is killed, there is no sense  of disbelief and it actually makes you think that maybe Liam deserved to  bite the bullet after appearing in this mess.But to be fair, he does come  off the best out of this uneven script with laughable dialogue.  When young  Anni Skywalker has to leave his mother behind on Tattoine, again, I wasn't  deeply moved. Call me cynical, but believe me when I say that the seven  year old boy that fell in love with this space opera, was suddenly on  holiday after the first twenty minutes into the film.  Some people might  say, What about Darth Maul?, he had a presence to be reckoned with. Yeah,  maybe a bit. But the guy had the personality of George Lucas. Tried to be  cool, but we knew that he wasn't.Even Ewan McGregor came off as just a  white version of Kunta Kinte. Yes master,three bags full master. The guy  was obviously bored and who wouldn't be. Stuck in front of a green screen,  talking to a stick.  Now lets talk about another element, that a lot of so  called film makers think that is vital to movie making. The special  effects. I think the more time we distant ourselves from the camera and  taking the film making process into an editing suite, the more we distant  ourselves from the humanity that is tried to be put up there in the first  place(Even if it is a creature from another world)I think The Phantom  Menace is a prime example of this.  For me Phantom Menace was like a bad  cartoon, especially in the war between the Jar Jar Binks brigade and the  federation robots. Boy, I thought the roadrunner was going to pop up  amongst all this animation mess. How silly that would've been. On the other  hand?  All i can say now is to cross you fingers for Episode II. On the  plus side at least, it will have a diffrent director.
0141301074|4.0|The Twits a fun and easy to read book!  Its funny how Mr. &amp; Mrs. Twit get back at each other!
6305750750|2.0|I recently saw &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; on video. I had seen it twice at the theatre and thought it was very average. This time around I thought I'd give it another chance. Maybe I was wrong. I wasn't!  This film  is disappointing in so many ways, it's not funny. Don't get me wrong, I  love Star Wars. Saw the first one twelve times when it first came out. Blew  my mind. The main thing that attracted Star Wars to me and my seven year  old colleagues was tho coolness of this film. Not the special effects, but  the cool and more importantly the soul of the film.  What am I talking  about. I'm talking about Han Solo(say no more),Darth Vader, Chewbacca,  Obi-Wan Kenobi, the Millennium Falcon, the Death Star attack. And it kept  getting better!(except for Jedi, enough said)Now we know some of the  characters were a bit annoying. You know who they are. But at least there  was depth to these characters. These ones are just soulless.  There is  hardly any moving moments in the whole film, apart from the key sequence  when Qui Gonn Jinn and Darth Maul are blocked off from each other in the  final light sabre battle. Even when Qui Gonn is killed, there is no sense  of disbelief and it actually makes you think that maybe Liam deserved to  bite the bullet after appearing in this mess.But to be fair, he does come  off the best out of this uneven script with laughable dialogue.  When young  Anni Skywalker has to leave his mother behind on Tattoine, again, I wasn't  deeply moved. Call me cynical, but believe me when I say that the seven  year old boy that fell in love with this space opera, was suddenly on  holiday after the first twenty minutes into the film.  Some people might  say, What about Darth Maul?, he had a presence to be reckoned with. Yeah,  maybe a bit. But the guy had the personality of George Lucas. Tried to be  cool, but we knew that he wasn't.Even Ewan McGregor came off as just a  white version of Kunta Kinte. Yes master,three bags full master. The guy  was obviously bored and who wouldn't be. Stuck in front of a green screen,  talking to a stick.  Now lets talk about another element, that a lot of so  called film makers think that is vital to movie making. The special  effects. I think the more time we distant ourselves from the camera and  taking the film making process into an editing suite, the more we distant  ourselves from the humanity that is tried to be put up there in the first  place(Even if it is a creature from another world)I think The Phantom  Menace is a prime example of this.  For me Phantom Menace was like a bad  cartoon, especially in the war between the Jar Jar Binks brigade and the  federation robots. Boy, I thought the roadrunner was going to pop up  amongst all this animation mess. How silly that would've been. On the other  hand?  All i can say now is to cross you fingers for Episode II. On the  plus side at least, it will have a diffrent director.
B0000039LE|5.0|After watching the awful Friday the 13th series, watching this was like a breath of fresh air. There is tension all the way through this film, even though there is hardly a drop of blood to be seen, which makes it even  better. The finale ties the fim up in a grandoise way, and is a must for  horror fans.
B00000JZC4|5.0|In today's music industry there are so many artists that try o make their music mean something. They try to make it stand out, make it significant. Well, Filter has done it with 'Title of Record', in my opinion one of the best music albums ever. Coming from NIN, Richard Patrick brings in his own  breed of industrialist music which rides along a little softer than NIN but  it delivers, and does it deliver good. 'Welcome to the fold' is a piece  that truly makes your mood jump up and down. From the aggresive intro to  the dreamy chorus and to the middle where the creepy background music goes  with Patrick's lyrics and his need for a pill that makes him feel like a  tall tree. 'Take a picture' is a sort of relief in the middle of this  powerful album, it kinda relaxes you after the energetic first 5 tracks.  'Miss Blue' is a thinker's song. It makes your mind dweel into that part of  you that lost someone. All in all, Filter has delivered a meaningful album  that truly satisfies your music taste. Now I'm waiting for their next  masterpiece hoping it will be as good or maybe better. 'Title of Record' is  the ( ), get it now!
6304078145|5.0|If you have ever worked in a hotel, this is a must see.  If you haven't, it will give you a better idea of what they may go thru.   I laugh so hard, I cried.
B00000J2PH|5.0|The superb work of Carole King in her &quot;Tapestry&quot; album gives us a great feeling of deja vu when her songs are played; it reminds us as humans how the world evolves as time progresses, while keeping a positive  mental attitude in us.  King uses her vernacular speech in her songs which  captures the heart and soul.  She will always remain an esoteric song  writer of her times.
6304578458|5.0|The first time I saw this movie it was only the last half.  So I scoured the TV Guide *every week* for about two months before they showed it again.  As soon as I taped it, I watched it seven times, so it's definitely worth  buying.  Funny, romantic, dark - I love the double life thing.  The action  is good, John Cusack is great (so is Minnie Driver), and the soundtrack  rocks.  Just watch it.
0380002930|5.0|This book is excellent.  Every time something happens it leads to something else.  Also things that a normal person would discard immeadietly Richard Adams uses later in the book.  Also this book is an adventure book  with a toluch of mystery which is a great combo.  Also there are stories in  the story that senda shiver down your spine yet others make you laugh  uncontrollably.  This I am not kidding you is the best book I have ever  read.  It would be a crime not to read this book.
B0000024SD|5.0|This is the recording that bridged the gap between  Dylan's first phase into his second one.His lyrics turned more surreal &amp; densely poetic than his previous efforts,&amp; more frequently.And,this is where he  plugged-in for the first time.Like most transitory phases,awkwardness  creeps in some corners:a few lyrics &amp; songs are unimpressive &amp;  inconsistent compared to the two recordings that followed this,but ballads  like &quot;She Belongs To Me&quot; &amp; &quot;It's All Over Now,Baby  Blue&quot; initiated listeners to a legendary talent,while rockers like  &quot;Subterrenean Homesick Blues&quot; &amp; &quot;Maggie's Farm&quot;  outraged an entire genre;&quot;Gates Of Eden&quot; &amp; &quot;It's All  Right Ma,Im Only Bleeding&quot; ushered in word's never before heard in  popular music,influencing artists like the Beatles,the Stones &amp; the  Byrds to follow a similar more compelling path.To listen to this recording  is to be a witness to a pivotal moment in music history:the evolution of a  great &amp;  very brave artist,daring to be different in the fulfillment of  a vision whose influence would bring an endless cycle of inspiration for as  long as true &amp; honest music is meant to be written.
B000002LHX|2.0|I consider this Prince album the weakest ...<br />Made in 2 or 3 weeks ( I don't know exactly ) and it can be feeled when listening to most of the songs. Only Partyman, Vicky Waiting and Batdance are the exceptions, which  are quite good. Lemon Crush is terrible, just listen to the drum-machine he  used ... Electric Chair is another made-in-a-short-time song, very-very  monotonious ... The Future, the first song is a well done, but have a few  instruments unfortunately.<br />I think after Lovesexy and before Graffiti  Bridge, which is another excellent album, this one is that I just cannot  compare 2 them, it is so weak from Prince ...
B00000JH09|5.0|System of a down are the best band I have ever heard. Their style is the most unique. Korn and Rage against the machine have their own style, but system of a down is totally different from them. People who compare system  of a down to Korn or Rage against the machine are totally wrong. I have  heard Korn and Rage Against The Machine and I find very few things similar  (such as the speed and the hard music). System of a Down are beautiful,  comical and politically motivated, which makes them stand out from the  croud full of lovers, and the ones who have lost their love. Go get their  CD if you want to hear something different, something revolutionary.
B000002L7R|4.0|I always wondered how Prince changed instruments used on this album, from the usage on Purple Rain. After it's success, only a few musicians are brave enough to make this. And Prince - as always - did it ! I think the  second part of the album from Raspberry Beret is better than the songs  before. Other good works are America ( the funkiest one on the CD ), The  Ladder and Temptation, The Artist's most psychedelic song ever. I recommend  this album for non-Prince fans too, because quite enjoyable and various in  styles.
B00000JCOV|5.0|If I could I would rate this 10 stars, If you do not have this CD yet you are missing out on something great! It is the heaviest band I ever herd in my life! With the mind blowing 9 band members the music is like nothing you  ever herd before. Go out and buy this CD! Now!
B00004RHZU|5.0|This CD, &quot;Can't Take Me Home,&quot; has to be one of my personal favorites! It's a must have in everyone's collection! You should definitely buy it! Pink is a powerful new voice in R &amp; B!
B000002ADT|5.0|This was the first jazz CD I've ever purchased several years ago, it's still my favorite. As I understand,from the original liner notes, Miles set the basic themes and let the musicians (Coletrane, Cannonball &amp; Evans)  improvise in the studio. If you only could own one jazz CD, this should be  the one.
B00000JCB2|4.0|I have mixed reactions about this albumn. This was one of the first CD's I purchased as I was getting more into the heavy metal scene. I really enjoyed it... and then I got three dollar bill. Its a real shame Bizkit did  not stay on the same course they started on. This cd is pretty superficial  lyrical wise, dealing mainly with Fred's problems with the opposite sex.  Plus, in my opinion, there are too many guest vocalists. Its more like Limp  Bizkit and company.<br />However I can't help but listen to it :) Mostly when  I want something lighter and just well... fun I guess. At times it is  definatly a nice break. I find bizkit's unique sound pretty refreshing.  Nookie, Break Stuff, and Trust are definatly great songs. <br />If you are  lookin for more of the same as three dollar bill then I would skip this,  however if you just want something to jam to and have fun with I would  definatly pick this cd up.
B000000W3G|5.0|I don't really need to explain how good the pumpkins are.. I am a huge pumpkins fan, I've got something like 15 SP cd's, been to 2 concerts, have a ton of bootlegs, etc.. Anyways, Of all the pumpkins tracks I've heard,  &quot;The Last Song&quot; comes in at second place (next to Mayonaise from  Siamese Dream). It's worth your money just to hear The Last Song.
B0000256KE|5.0|&quot;For Your Pleasure&quot; marked an early peak for Roxy Music which they never matched again.  The rough and ready style of the first album was honed to an alien elegance for this sophomore effort; every track is  essential enough for analysis here: &quot;Do The Strand&quot; is a  potboiler about an instant dance craze that is entirely fiction (but don't  you wish it was real); &quot;Beauty Queen&quot; is a strong and almost  straightforward ballad; &quot;Strictly Confidential&quot; slowly builds a  harrowing Edwardian diary entry to a psych frenzy; &quot;Editions Of  You&quot; offers five-and-dime philosophy advice to a rollicking beat and  wild synths; &quot;In Every Dream Home A Heartache&quot; uses surprise  humor to expose the indulgence of the upper classes; &quot;The Bogus  Man&quot; adds overdub upon overdub to create a seething electronic  soundscape that is at once hot and mellow; &quot;Grey Lagoons&quot; returns  to the rock'n'rolling 50s and features a great harmonica solo; and finally,  the title track blasts the listener into outer space using nothing more  than a cryptic lyric and some Enossified reverb.  These guys knew what they  were doing and they did it with extreme taste *and* tastelessness, which  made it all sound great somehow.  Some people carp about the slow, lengthy  instrumental portions which take up &quot;The Bogus Man&quot; and &quot;For  Your Pleasure&quot; but the album wouldn't be the same without them; these  two exquisite examples of aural candy are the mystical yin to the yang of  the first side.  For your pleasure, indeed.
B00000JCOV|3.0|this cd is pretty good but Slip Knot isnt as heavy as i've heard if u ask me I made short work of this cd and it wasnt that great! This cd is like a pizza it doesnt last that long and its not so great but its alright
B0000041ZT|5.0|As a result of the combination of excellent orchestral playing, great music, and a master with the Concertgebauw (Chailly), this is most definitely a CD to be had by any Shostakovich fan.  The mere thought that  the government's want to have Shostakovich write in a jazz idiom... and the  composer being totally off the mark, is great in itself.  But as concert  music, the two jazz suites are delightful, and the COA pulls off another  smashing hit.
B000001Y42|5.0|This is a great debut album from Limp Bizkit. &quot;Faith&quot; is a really cool song and there are heaps more. 5 stars.
B000002KDI|5.0|I'd never say that one album I own is the best, but I can certainly say that I have never heard better than &quot;Live Rust.&quot;<br />I remember sitting in a friend's home in 1979.  He pulled out two new albums.  One was  &quot;Rust Never Sleeps.&quot; (The other one was Dylan's &quot;Slow  Train.&quot;)  I remember thinking that it was some of the greatest music I  had ever heard.  Funny thing is, babies who were born on that day in 1979  are now ((can you believe it?)) 21 years old.  And I'm still thinking the  same thing about this music.  To me, &quot;Live Rust&quot; (along with  &quot;Rust Never Sleeps&quot;) is like the ultimate rock experience.  In  the first set, you hear the vibrancy of Young's acoustic guitar, harmonica,  and vocals in the live setting. (Not to mention how the lyrics speak right  to you, make you stop and think/consider/wonder.)  Then, the second set  adds Crazy Horse and you get the hard rocking, god-father-of-grunge  experience.<br />The thing that really grabbed me all those years ago was how  the song(s) &quot;My My Hey Hey&quot; and &quot;Hey Hey My My&quot; tied  the acoustic and the electric statements together and gave us Young's  observations on this phenomenon we call rock and roll.  Both are included  on &quot;Live Rust.&quot;<br />I'd like to go on and tell you about my other  favorite cuts on this album, but that would be all of them.  5 stars?  Make  mine 500.<br />If you buy it, you will listen.  Maybe even for 21 years.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is a cool album from Blink 182. &quot;All the Small Things&quot;, &quot;What's My Age Again?&quot; and &quot;Dumpweed&quot; are really cool songs and there are heaps more. 5 stars.
630575067X|5.0|of Course the original trilogy is the best, but everytime i watch Episode I, it feels like there is a hole in me, and the movie fills it. So theres something great in the film
B000021Y7X|5.0|In this remix of Jonathan Demme's 1984 film \\"Stop Making Sense\\", the Heads performance is so full of Byrne-ing energy, it's a legitimate alternative to \\"aerobic exercise\\" videos. Choose an  audio mix: Feature Film 5.1, Studio 5.1 or Stereo...Turn it up...Hit play!  Bet you can't sit still!  Demme's story line is subtle but  \\"pause\\" it when you go to the...you won't want to miss a second.  Audio and video quality are top-notch. The DVD \\"goodies\\" are  icing on the cake. Fortunately, you'll stay slim and trim as you dance to  the music.
B000002MY3|4.0|So i'm a  50 year old blues player so what? I ask my friends when they hear Alanis and ask &quot;who's that&quot; ? I love Alanis, I love the musicsianship on the whole album. Alanis is one tough mama and I admire her  for that. Sure some of the music is depressing but i'm used to that (the  blues you know)She's even better live. Alanis baby keep on keeping on.
B00001MXXG|5.0|The widescreen was the best I have seen to date, the black bars at the top didn't take up to much space, not as distracting as other widescreens have been.  The commentary was great, very funny. If you have fond memories of  the movie you will enjoy the DVD.
0395905079|5.0|Paddington, a small bear from &quot;darkest Peru,&quot; definitely needs looking after as he always finds himself in one sticky situation after another.  I discovered P. only a few years ago.  I had MEANT to read the P.  books for YEARS, but somehow hadn't gotten around to it. After I finally  read A Bear Called Paddington, frequently laughing out loud at Paddingtons'  &quot;situations,&quot; I immediately found the next three books, then the  next three...<br />I am delighted that the Paddington books have now been  bound in one volume and am equally delighted to be adding this to my  collection.
B00003CWPL|5.0|WHEN will they re-release this masterpiece on video and DVD? This film is purest Lynch. It isn't a movie, it's an experiance. David Lynch himself said that he didn't so much think of Eraserhead, than feel it. Never have I  heard a more true statement. 'Eraserhead' is Atmosphere with a capital A,  and contains some truly unnerving moments that come straight out of our  darkest nightmares. David Lynch is a true artist. To watch Eraserhead is to  be totally absorbed into another world; Henry and his bizarre hairdo; the  gentle yet strangely disturbing Lady in the Radiator; and last but not  least, the hideous 'Baby,' a truly grotesque little monster who is more  terrifying than any other man-made creature in motion picture history.  (Lynch has refused to say how he created the Baby....IF he made it, that  is. CREEEEEEEEEEEEPYYYYY! ) There is an unrelenting sense of menace and  fear throughout all the proceedings. Some may huff and dismiss 'Eraserhead'  as an 'artsy-fartsy' flick intended for the smallest film cults.  'Eraserhead' is not cult; it's timeless.  If only Lynch would create  another film of this magnitude and purity. Maybe he still will.I look  forward to the re-release of this ignored classic with great anticipation.
B000000WF0|5.0|&quot;Bittersweet Symphony&quot; was quite possibly the best song of the 90's. If this were the only song on the entire tape, it would be worth the purchase price.
6305807086|5.0|This movie is not your run-of-the-mill movie. Told in the indie style of American Psycho or Pi, Being John Malkovich provides more entertainment and introspection than either of those movies. It's witty, beautifully filmed,  told in a tongue-in-cheek manner that always lets you know the filmmakers  are fully aware of what they're doing. Suspension of disbelief isn't even  necessary; the tale spun creates its own world, full of confused passion,  identity crises, and a dark and evocative score.
0425129586|5.0|Even though I had seen the movie before I read the book, this book was still very entertaining. If you do like this book, you might want to try _Toward Zero_ and _They Came to Baghdad_, which are my second favorite  Agatha Christies.
B000000OUJ|5.0|This is the best album ever. Some of you will disagree, but that's 'cause you think the beats on some of the songs could have been better, but i LOVE this album, the beats, LYRICS, GZAAAAA. GZA is the illest mc to be,  lyrically and the way he write his lyrics. Nothing like it. Favourite joint  would be the title-track Liquid Swords, then comes others like Shadowboxin,  Investigative Reports, Killah Hills 10304, the whole album. Definatly a  CLASSIC. <br />-gmi
B000001ELP|1.0|This album is god awful, and that is all there is to it. All the songs are cheesy and just go to show how little imagination the members of Kiss have when they are not singing about rocking and rolling all night and partying  every day.
B000002AZ8|5.0|This is one of the best CDs in my collection.  I love the heavy rock feel of the CD, but it's definitely not Pearl Jam's usual style.  The first two albums are rooted more in Grunge and the last few are rooted more into soft  rock with some country.  This one stands out on its own.  If you like Pearl  Jam and love heavy Rock, this one's for you.
B000002C1V|4.0|Alternatively lauded and reviled, this was a bitter pill of an album back in 1983 when it appeared...the final convulsion of a band tearing itself to pieces. I didn't like it much, apart from the raunchy \\"Not now  John.\\" Well, years later , it still a'int perfect, but this is the  Floyd album I listen to in its entirety....I love many of the other albums,  and dip from track to track, but this really completes the Waters' triptych  that include the 2-disc \\"The Wall.\\"  \\"The Final Cut\\" is  a timeless aural experience, and deserves reconsideration by those who have  dismissed it. David Gilmour's guitar work is extraordinary,even more so  when you consider both his hands were around Roger Waters' throat at the  time. Buy this and listen again...and again.
6303477259|5.0|Surely someone is out of there mind to not have this released on DVD.  The sound and light of the show begs for the best technological presentation.  Format issues aside, the sheer artistry of Floyd is brought to life by this  video.  The light show will leave you breathless.  Each time you think that  the seemingly endless array of light kits have exhausted their arsenal of  effects yet another wholely unique configuration pops out.  Oh to have been  at this show.  The video does an excellent job of presenting it as a  &quot;live&quot; show without the all-too-often special effects that can  ruin the live feel that so many videos resort to.  You really have to see  this to believe it.  If anyone knows, was this a touring show or not?  It  seems far to choreographed, coordinated, and hell, just to expensive to  have been done more than a couple of times.  If you watch the video, you'll  see what I mean.  You'll think you were there.
B000008DA5|3.0|It's a shame those two Beach Boys albums didn't sell well at the time of their release. Granted, neither of them are Pet Sounds (but then again, this masterpiece didn't sell well at the time either), but they're not bad  at all. Smiley Smile sometimes makes you cringe (if you ever had the  opportunity to listen to the original tracks of songs like  &quot;Wonderful&quot; and &quot;Heroes and villains&quot;, you know what  I'm talking about), but the whole &quot;Stoned&quot; atmosphere of it is  never less than amusing. And Wild Honey is a fine &quot;back to  basics&quot; album, with pretty good attempts at doing a bit of blue-eyed R  n B. If you're at least a bit &quot;initiated&quot; on the sound of the BB,  you should enjoy both of them.
B000002UDG|3.0|This was the first McCartney CD I ever owned.  When I first listened to it, it seemed like a 50/50 proposition to me.  For every classic such as  &quot;Coming Up (Live)&quot; and &quot;Jet&quot;, there was a lame-o song  like &quot;My Love&quot;.  Overall, this is a good representation of the  ups and downs of Paul's career.  However, instead of concentrating on the  hits (that was done to great effect on Wings Greatest), this album could  have benefited greatly from the inclusion of some lesser-known, sometimes  superior, album tracks.<br />For example, the classic _Ram_ album is  represented by &quot;Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey&quot;.  A great song, but  it's already on _Wings Greatest_.  What about other great _Ram_ tracks like  &quot;Too Many People&quot; or &quot;Backseat of My Car&quot;?<br />That goes  triple for the awful &quot;My Love&quot; (from the similarly awful _Red  Rose Speedway_.  We already have to sit through it on another greatest hits  collection, so why subject us to it again? They could have easily put the  only decent song (my opinion)from that album on here instead (the lyrically  challenged but catchy &quot;Big Barn Bed&quot;)<br />Other albums sorely  under-represented on here:  _McCartney_ (&quot;Maybe I'm Amazed&quot;,  &quot;Every Night&quot;), _Venus and Mars_ (&quot;Venus and Mars/Rock  Show&quot;), _London Town_ (the title track), and underrated _Back to the  Egg_ (&quot;Getting Closer&quot;, &quot;Arrow Through Me&quot;)<br />On the  plus side, we do get a couple of great single-only tracks (&quot;Coming Up  (Live in Glasgow)&quot;, &quot;Goodnight Tonight&quot;) as well as one  underappreciated 80's hit (&quot;No More Lonely Nights&quot;).<br />Over all,  _All the Best_ may serve as an adequate introduction to Paul's post-Beatles  work, but there are many other lost treasures buried on his individual  albums.
B000022TSF|5.0|What can I say about this movie.  I love the way it slowly takes shape, actually taking time to develop characters and use the supporting actors.  They just don't make movies like this anymore.  Layers of stories  interwoven.  Also, the chemistry between Mr. Gittes and Noah Cross is  awesome (especially given Jack's real life interest in John Huston's  daughter).  To those who didn't like the ending, what did you want to see?   The whole point was that J.J. was way over his head and evil would  eventually triumph with Mr. Gittes rendered powerless.  The story moved  slowly and then picked up steam, necessitating a quick ending.  The movie  was over and then you had to start to figure out what just actually  happened.  5 stars must see.
B000001Y2U|5.0|Marilyn Manson (the band as well as its frontman) is easily one of the most thoughtfull and necessary group of muscicians of the modern age. There is a great deal more to this album than shock, the band left petty shock  tactics behind after &quot;Smells Like Children.&quot; This album  represents a mature work that is a reflection and critiscism of what is  wrong with America. The lyrics tackle everything from hate to religious  hypocrisy and futility. Not to mention the fact that the music on this  album is incredible. This is easily one of the loudest, hardest, noisiest  and most sonically agressive album in the modern music scene. I will agree  that the music style on this album owes a great deal to Mr. Reznor of NIN,  Marilyn Manson actually speacks out against issues of public importance  wheras Reznor is only concerned with himself in his lyrics. Antichrist  Superstar is not for all tastes but for those who can handle (or tolerate)  the music, enjoy this exellent piece of musical art.<br />(Recommended songs  are Irresponsible Hate Anthem, The Beautiful People, Little Horn, Angel  With the Scabbed Wings, 1996 and The Reflecting God).
6300214826|2.0|don't get me wrong, this is an okay movie. it's just that for once i'd like to see a vietnam movie where the entire cast dosn't go insane! all the vietnam movies that are out now make it look like all the people the went  to &quot;'nam&quot; came back crazy!. i know some vietnam veterans and they  are perfectly sane!
0671042858|5.0|Others above me have said they are true King fans and then ripped the book to shreds. They said it was far-fetched. Hello? Vampires, killer 58' Plymouth Fury, End of the world, killer hotel, animals brought back to  life, a gypsy curse, etc... So what is so far fetched about a little girl  getting lost in the woods?  I am a true King fan and I found the book  enjoyable and very eerie in spots. You can't pin Stephen King down to one  style of writing, If you're a true fan, you have to keep an open mind.
630469654X|5.0|A movie of massive emotion, balanced by the brilliant comedy of Phillip (Matthew Broderick).  A tale of betrayal, deceit, tagedy, and sustaining hope that overcomes them. Marvelous action, romance and comedy.  The  weekend it came out on video I must have seen it a dozen times...
0380789019|4.0|An entertaining horror story, which takes place in the underground of London.  Some of it is a little too fanciful, and some of the horror is just put in for squeamishness sake, but I guess that's what horror is about  these days, isn't it?  Some of the characters, especially the bad guys, are  very well written and have interesting dialogue.  Others, the primary  example being the main character Richard Mayhew, don't really give you much  of a reason to cheer.  Still, all in all a good read.
6304493681|5.0|This movie is a must it takes place in 2029Ad where everyone's brain is connected to the internet. The cyborg female cop has to track down a ghost hacker called the puppet master.The plot is top knotch and the characters  are awesome. Th dubbing is amazing.
B00000J2KX|5.0|You heard me, it's better than the book, and the crappy tv series too.  <br />Stanley Kubrick got rid of the unnecessary crap from the book, and stuck to the meat of the story.  As well as the blatent subtle hint at the  begining.  'now remember if you don't turn this down the whole hotel will  explode.'  Gee I wonder how it's going to end?<br />Stanley Kubrick dispenses  the obvious, and sticks to the unknown, you've read the book sure, but  what's the point on seeing something if you know what's going to happen  next?<br />The film is a stepping stone, if you want to know more, read the  book.  But the ending is so much better than the book, because it's so  realistic, and tense, and the characters don't seem to be standing around,  wondering what to do next like in the book.<br />The dialogues between Jack  Nicholson and Shelly Duvall, are really tense, and scary.  That you really  feel for the characters.<br />GOd knows why Stephen King wanted to re-make the  Shining, it so laughably bad, and so un-scary, i've coughed up far more  scarier stuff than that, and the tv series is just talk, and talk, and  talk, and talk.  I want to be scared to death, not bored to  death.<br />Stanley Kubrick's The Shining is best Stephen King horror  adaptation so far.  There have been good adaptations like Carrie, The Dead  Zone, and Misery.  But the sheer intensity of The Shining is so great, that  it makes every other adaptation of his like your average run of the mill  horror stories.<br />So stop living in denial, and embrace the real Shining,  that was made by Stanley Kubrick.
6303481345|5.0|This is an ultra violent Ninja sword fighting beat em up fest, if your a fan of Manga and martial arts, you should check this out, the story is perhaps a little confusing, and as I have stated before in other reviews I  HATE dubbed versions, but the dubbed version of Ninja Scroll is passable,  they have the voices right and they haven't chewed the plot up. The  fighting is ultra fast and furious and extremely dangerous, real 'don't try  this at home or else you will lose a limb' kinda fights, and most fights in  this movie people do! really well designed characters in this movie, and  the animation is smoother than a babies behind. A must for Manga action  fans.
B00000JNVM|5.0|Is it dated?  Maybe just a bit, but this end of the Cold War thriller done as an original movie for HBO is great.  Exciting, well acted (Powers Both,  James Earl Jones, Peter McNicol, Martin Landau to name a few), and  surprisingly well made, this is a gem that shouldn't be overlooked.
B0000256VK|5.0|Every nuance is cared for in this superbly produced (but not over-produced) album.  Frankly words could not spell out the score, but I'll give it a go.  It is wonderfully lush, romantic, incisive.  It is also  a remarkably cohesive album.  Although there is variation between tracks,  particularly rhythmically, the overall musical feel and the lyrical feel  are both quite lucid and they are perfectly matched.<br />The album begins  with `More Than This' which lays down the very high standard of the album,  with no instrument dominating but marvellous sequences coming in at just  the right time, most notably the guitar and the keyboards.  The vocals are  also used cleverly, as more than a voice - as an instrument in itself with  peaks in the middle of lines creating a sweeping effect in the verses, like  the tide washing in and out, to which the lyrics refer.  The second verse  is a gentle gaining of understanding from the first and the track moves  onward to its serene departure.  You could say I kinda like it.<br />Next is  `The Space Between', lyrically a suggestion of moving beyond friendship and  characterised by some marvellous percussion.  The highlight of the title  track is the stunning background vocal with pitch perfect high notes.  Next  follows a short instrumental which maintains the flow with refined touches  in both foreground and background, then comes the heartfelt `While My Heart  Is Still Beating' (the lyric including \\"My heart has flown away now, will  it never stop bleeding?\\").<br />Strong rhythm pulses through `The Main Thing'  then comes the moody opening to the Bryan Ferry/Phil Manzanera composition,  `Take A Chance With Me' which goes on to plead \\"All the world, even you,  should learn to love the way I do\\", clearly depicting love as the maker and  breaker of lives.  `To Turn You On' is a superb love song, the singer again  committed to his emotions for better or worse.  `True To Life' maintains  the mood and theme and features some evocativevocal effects, then the  album finishes with another instrumental and the tide washing in  again.<br />It is no wonder Roxy split after this as the only way would have  been down, as Ferry's over-produced solo attempts to recapture this have  proven.  This album may not be the best of all-time (there - I've admitted  it!) but it is my personal favourite.
B000002OX7|5.0|I used to have this cd when I was in high school, now I have it again.  I cannot begin to express how awesome these songs are.  &quot;Behind blue eyes&quot; always sends a shiver up my spine, Gettin; in Tune always make  me feel like im on top of the world.  This is just one of the best cds ever  put together.  I
B000002AS3|1.0|This is an obscenely derivative album which basically amounts to some not very talented people revamping Mrs Gallagher's record collection and passing it off as their own.  If only they'd been American, maybe someone  would have called the lawyers and done away with this formulaic, monotone  drivel.<br />I would suggest you go back to the search box and look up the  original artists instead - T Rex, The New Seekers and,of course, The  Beatles.  Also recommended is R.E.M.s 'The Wake-Up Bomb' which derides them  nicely.
B00003CWL5|2.0|A thinking person's movie for the intellectually lazy.  Shallow and derivative, with fairly good acting and nice perfume-commercial style visuals...  Not to be taken seriously, but still fairly entertaining.
B00000DQSZ|5.0|Somewhere between the technologically pioneering `Autobahn' in 1974 and the commercial success of `The Man Machine' came the highly accomplished and massively influential `Trans-Europe Express' (TEE).<br />Not only did this  spur many embryonic British acts to use synthesizers heavily in their more  commercial efforts (Depeche Mode and The Human League amongst many) it also  provided inspiration - and illegally used samples - for urban black  America.  It thus provided British groups with the means to retain musical  domination globally in the early eighties AND provided the Americans with  the means to take over as rap, hip-hop and techno all emerged.  Besides,  the track pairing of TEE and `Metal On Metal' ran long enough to allow a DJ  time to go to the toilet and the bar before having to change the  record.<br />The lyrics are sparse, correctly allowing the music to dominate,  but even `Showroom Dummies' caused Debbie Harry to comment that it was \\"a  song I can really relate to.\\" `The Hall Of Mirrors' similarly reflects on  fame; TEE mentions other artists that had been drawn to Germany to record  at that time - David Bowie and Iggy Pop.<br />I keep trying to convince myself  it must sound really dated by now, but both the electronics and the tunes  they make stand the test of time and remain atmospheric today.  I rate this  one of the three best, most influential albums of all time, with `Sgt.  Pepper' and `Velvet Underground and Nico' for company.  A must for music  historians and true pop fans.
0783225970|5.0|I loved this movie!  Say hello to my little freind. I think Al Pacino is the best acter to ever walk on 10 toes. He does the best acting I've ever seen in this movie. It is a must have.
B00004RIV4|3.0|Moloko have unburdened themselves of the 'Portishead wannabes' tag with this album, in particular with the Boris Dlugosch mix of 'Sing It Back', a dancefloor filler across Europe last year.  Better still is 'The Time Is  Now', the follow up single which reached number two in the UK (although  with the rapid turnover of singles in Britain this is broadly equivalent to  the US top ten).<br />As an album though, these are not particularly good  indicators, the overall effect being rather eclectic.  Moloko do cut a nice  line in lyrics with a tone of world weariness and defeatism that leads to a  detached 'live for the moment' attitude: &quot;You and me are free to be  the dumbest in town&quot; on 'Dumb Inc.'.  The musical tone varies  enormously from the punchy drive of 'Pure Pleasure Seeker'to the tongue in  cheek (I hope) and ethereal 'Mother' with instrumental snippets popping in  between the 'proper' tracks.<br />The common thread lies mostly in Roisin  Murphy's talented voice, so those who like Moloko for that should like this  album, but be sure to approach with an open mind.
0783231032|4.0|Since 1941 is one of my all-time favorite movies,it was with great anticipation that I purchased the DVD.  The supplemental material is exhaustive and fascinating, well worth the price of the DVD alone, but I  was extremely disappointed in the sound and picture quality.   Having seen  1941 in it's previous incarnations on VHS and laserdisc, I was eagerly  looking forward to seeing how it looked on DVD.  While the picture quality  is somewhat improved over the laserdisc (slightly sharper picture and  brighter colors) the overall look of the film is still hazy and washed-out  (although, having viewed the 'making of' documentary, I discovered that  Spielberg and his cinematographer may have intentionally been going for  that look, since they used a lot of smoke throughout filming, to give it a  feeling of having stepped back in time to another era.)   As for the sound  quality, this is where I was most disappointed.  The laserdisc was THX  certified, and the sound effects and music score had a nice, expansive  quality to them to which the DVD cannot hold a candle.  As for the movie  itself, what can I say that hasn't already been beaten into the ground over  the past 21 years?   I agree that the movie really isn't that funny.  What  I enjoy so much about this movie, and I think most people who like this  movie will agree with me, is how brilliantly crafted the movie is.   Everything---the sets, the costumes, the special effects, the editing, the  score---is first-rate.  The film is consistently dazzling to look at.  And  to see most of Los Angeles get demolished in such a spectacular way---well,  call me crazy, but I get a vicarious thrill out of it it all.  Best scenes:   the dogfight over Hollywood Blvd.; the jitterbug contest that turns into a  riot; Lorraine Gary staring in helpless disbelief as husband Ned Beatty  destroys their home with an anti-aircraft gun; Treat Williams and Wendi Jo  Sperber in a runaway motorcycle side-car; the list goes on and on.   The  disc rates five stars for content, but I'm knocking it down to four stars  due to the poor sound/picture quality.
630575067X|3.0|The movie was good but the Jake Lloyd's act annoyed me, I would rather have seen somebody else in his part.  In the end everything happened by coincidence and I did not like that.  Ian McDiarmid's and Natalie Portman's  act were excellent but Jar-Jar was not nearly as good as  C-3PO was in the  first movies, and I kind of a missed Darth Vader
B000002513|5.0|The first thing you notice about The Wild, The Innocent, & The E Street Shuffle is that Springsteen has solved his production problems from the debut album.  While TWTI&TESS (what an acronym!  Eesh!) doesn't  have the signature \\"rock/orchestral\\" sound that Born To Run has, it no  longer sounds like it's being heard through earmuffs-that stifled sound  that sometimes made Greetings From Asbury Park so annoying is gone.      As  for the album itself, it's the great undiscovered treasure of Springsteen's  catalogue.  Even less well known than Asbury Park (as that album was hyped  beyond all rational belief by Columbia) or Nebraska (which a lot of people  have heard of but few own), The Wild's obscurity has absolutely nothing to  do with the quality of the music inside.     This is because, musically,  it's Springsteen's first great album, and it catches him in an interesting  transitional period, where he was beginning to sort out his ersatz-Dylan  lyrics into something more coherent, as well as beginning to write music  that worked to the strengths of the E Street Band, which took shape around  the time of this album's recording.  As Springsteen himself admitted,  Greetings From Asbury Park, N.J. was comprised of a bundle of acoustic  songs played by a band; The Wild, The Innocent, & The E Street Shuffle marks the first time when he began to write music with a rock `n' roll backing in mind.  It's because of this that remnants of his early  Dylanesque, acoustic period, like \\"Wild Billy's Circus Story,\\" seem wildly  out of place on the album.    Almost everything else fits magnificently, though. \\"4th Of July, Asbury Park (Sandy)\\" is a beautiful ballad, a fond farewell to the boardwalks and carefree life of coastal New Jersey, while \\"Kitty's Back\\" is a example of the type of song at which Springsteen excelled during this transition period: lengthy,  multi-part epics held together with tight ensemble playing and Clarence Clemons' ebullient saxophone playing. (See also \\"Thundercrack\\" or live performances of \\"Blinded By The Light\\" and \\"Let The Four Winds Blow\\" during this era.) After this album, Springsteen never  returned to this kind of writing again (with the exception of Born To Run's concluding track, \\"Jungleland\\"), and that's what makes the second side of  TWTI&TESS such a rare treat.  Almost suite-like in its nature, it  consists of three lengthy songs dealing with the nature of life on the  streets of New York City.  \\"Incident On 57th Street\\" is slow and majestic,  and while Springsteen strikes a few false notes with the lyrics (\\"The pimps  swung their axes?\\" Since when do pimps carry axes, Bruce?) the overall  effect is flooring.  \\"New York Street Serenade\\" is jazzy, restrained, and at 10 minutes actually DOESN'T overstay its welcome.  Those opening runs down the inner strings of the piano, as well as David Sancious' hot summer squall of keyboard notes, are sound-painting and scene-setting of the highest order.    In fact, as rock critic Mark Prindle once pointed out, The Wild, The Innocent & The E Street Shuffle succeeds so brilliantly because ALL of its songs take you to a fantasy world of urban lore. Bruce's New York sure doesn't exist in real life (again: \\"the pimps swung their  axes?\\"), but he makes you believe in his vision for a good 45 minutes straight, inviting you to escape down a dirty sidestreet into a stylized world of magical boardwalks, musical gangs, hookers with hearts of gold, Spanish Johnnies, Puerto Rican Janeys, and spontaneous streetcorner bands. And since musical escapism has all but died in the angst-ridden 90's and 00's, this album is something to cherish.    What?  Oh yeah, you're waiting for me  to mention \\"Rosalita (Come Out Tonight),\\" aren't you?  Why?  If you know the song already,  then you know it might be the best thing he's ever done in his career.  (Do  you really need me to confirm your taste for you?)  If you don't know it,  then I'm going to say nothing more about it and let you discoverits joys  on your own.        But hoo boy, is it a great song.       Could  be the best of his career. Man, go get it now!  You're only going to find  it here.
6303014100|4.0|I hate made-for-tv-movies.  Ninety-nine percent of these movies are unadulterated trash, and I can count the good ones without taking my shoes off.  After reading all the reviews, I decided (very hesitantly) to take a  chance with \\"Gettysburg\\", and I'll tell you now that I'm glad I did.<br />I'm  no civil war buff, but if there was one thing that could coerce me to go  out and research the civil war it was this movie (along with a multi-part  PBS special on that war).  Matter-of-fact, I intend to seek out and  purchase the book \\"Killer Angels\\" as well as the PBS special.<br />Obviously,  not everything in this movie was done to perfection.  There are scenes that  don't quite work.  The mass attacks that showed hand-to-hand combat are  extremely difficult to pull off in any movie.  It's almost impossible to  find a film that can handle these scenes with the realism and ferocity that  is required, and this film was no exception.  One could easily tell that  these were only actors and extras rolling about (sometimes doing a credible  job, often times not).  However, this is a minor quibble.  As for the fake  beards, most people of that era wore mustaches and beards that were  outlandish by today's standards, so this did not bother me at all.  Indeed,  I thought they portrayed the facial hair pretty accurately.  As far as the  portrayal of General Lee, I don't know that much about him to comment with  any authority.  However, this film didn't portray him as the military  genius I thought he must have been.  But then again, he did lose this  battle...probably the most important battle of the war, so I guess nobody  is perfect.<br />I agree heartily with the Amazon review, in that the climax  of the film occurred at the end of the first tape--Chamberlain's defence of  Little Round Top.  This was brilliant film making, and nothing prior to, or  after, had near as much impact.  This part alone is worth the purchase  price of the movie.  Hats off to the director and to Daniels' heartfelt  performance.  It was truly unforgettable, and ranks among the best battle  scenes ever filmed.<br />\\"Gettysburg\\" was a film that detailed the great  battle with uncanny insight, not only about the heroic men who fought and  died, but also the terrible mistakes that were made.  In three days of  battle, there were more American lives lost than in the ten years of  Vietnam.  All-in-all, I found this to be a rewarding film and a real eye  opener.  Between 1 and 10, I give \\"Gettysburg\\" a solid 8, and I'm very  happy to have it in my movie collection.
B000002UAR|5.0|If I was forced to choose, I think I'd go with this one as THE best album in the Beatles catalog.  I don't know that I have anything to add to what's already been said about this groundbreaking work.  With five songs sung by  McCartney, five songs sung by Lennon, three songs sung by Harrison, and one  by Ringo, it is certainly the most democratic of all their releases.  There  isn't a sour note on the whole thing; track for track I don't think  anything can touch this.
080018789X|5.0|This is definitly one of my favorite movies that I have ever seen, it's both hilarious but also touches your heart, I may sound a little weird here but this movie was something that inspired me to go out on a limb in doing  what is right, and- well it was just a great movie overall, just the story  of a man finally discovering himself at the age of 35, and leaving all that  he sought security in, and how in the end it all paid off.Great Movie.
B000002UAX|5.0|A classic.  Everything great about the Beatles can be found here.  Yes, it is a self-indulgent album with several tracks that would have not sat right on any other one of their records.  But that's part of the genius of this  album- it's all over the map.  Simply one of the great rock albums of  all-time.
B000001DYA|5.0|Imagine Cream and the Jimi Hendrix Experience getting together for a collaboration, and imbibing a few hundred amphetamines before playing a note, and you have &quot;Vincebus Eruptum&quot; in a heartbeat. Blue Cheer,  on their debut album, was the all-time blues deconstruction band -  &quot;Doctor, Please&quot; is the kind of shattering, abstractionist  breakdown the like of the Jon Spencer Blues Explosion only WISH they had  the nerve to take up. Their few overdubs (&quot;Out of Focus&quot;'s guitar  break; the berserk feedback guitars of the &quot;Second Time Around&quot;  solo break and finale) are as amateurish as they come, but for blasting the  pretenses of the late 1960s wanna-be power blues bands to smithereens, it  isn't even close. They went from here to something approaching normalcy,  and it wasn't the same. They also inadvertently midwifed heavy metal, which  is another story altogether...
B000002UAF|5.0|If you only buy one early Beatles album, this should be it.  Prior to &quot;Rubber Soul,&quot; they released five albums-- this is by far the greatest.  All 13 songs are Lennon/McCartney originals (the ONLY album in  their catalog to claim that).  This is everything the early Beatles were  capable of-- from the hits (title track, 'Can't Buy me Love') to ballads  (&quot;And I Love Her&quot;, &quot;If I fell&quot;) to all-out rockers (the  great &quot;You Can't do That&quot;, &quot;When I get home&quot;).
B000003CKH|5.0|I was already in love with &quot;Prolonging the Magic&quot; when I bought this.  &quot;Nugget&quot; is a great complement to &quot;Magic,&quot; even though technically it came before.  I can't decide which I like better!
B000002GJS|5.0|As I said in the title, This CD is the absolute BEST!  =) Ever since I heard this CD, I have been addicted to Bryan Adams.  &quot;Everything I do, I do for you&quot; is a great song. I first heard it on &quot;Robin Hood:  Prince of Thieves&quot; and it drew me to it like a magnet.  The music  video was awesome. Anyone who does not like this CD is plain weird.  It's  got the romantic (&quot;Can't stop this thing we started&quot;), it's got  the party (&quot;House arrest&quot;), it's got the break-up (&quot;Hey  honey-I'm packing you in&quot;), it's even got the  &quot;enviromentalist&quot; (&quot;Don't drop that bomb on me&quot;)!  For  all you romantic lawyers: &quot;Not Guilty&quot;.  It's got EVERYTHING you  could *possibly* want.  So Go Get It!  (and don't forget to have some fun!)   =)
B000002BE9|5.0|I won't lie to you -- this album didn't grab me right away.  It grew on me slowly, kind of the way the tide comes in slowly, stealthily creeping up the beach until you suddenly realize the water is lapping at your towel.   The songs are kind of like that too -- slowly building until you realize  you're submerged in the sounds of piano, drums, guitars, flutes, strings  and Fiona's husky-smooth voice.  By that time, you're so entranced by the  lyrics that you don't even care that you're drowning....<br />By the way, I  think &quot;Tidal&quot; has one of the best endings of all times.  Instead  of finishing up with a crash, it slowly fades, slipping out to sea, leaving  you with the incredible urge to listen to it all over again.
B0000214F0|4.0|I'll admit, when this movie first came out, I was mainly interested in the sex scenes (what can I say; I was a teenager).  But, as I got older and read more about Roman history, I came to find out that this movie is based  on acknowledged facts.  If you read &quot;I, Claudius&quot; by Robert  Graves (also available from Amazon.com), he mentions many of the things  that happen in the film (Caligula's love affair with his sister; the death  of Nerva and Tiberius; the brothel he started with the senator's wives). So  this movie is actually based on fact.  Even though there is a lot of  violence in the movie, I definately recommend the unrated version.  I was  both fascinated and appalled by this movie.
0767815335|5.0|I THOUGHT &quot;LAST ACTION HERO&quot; WAS A WONDERFULL FILM. IT IS PERSONALLY MY FAVORITE MOVIE. I RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE. DON'T LISTEN TO PEOPLE AND WATCH IT FOR YOURSELF AND NOT BY WHAT OTHER PEOPLE THINK! I  THOUGHT ALL THE ACTORS WERE EXCELENT BUT THE SCENE STEALER IS AUSTIN O'  BRIEN, WHO PLAYS &quot;DANNY MADIGAN&quot; IN THE FILM.  WATCH THE FILM!
B000000OSO|5.0|Ok so this may not be the best Aerosmith album, but it's still pretty darn good. I can't say that I have any complaints with any of the songs on this CD. It is like Aerosmith put all their sounds from the past 20 years and  put them in a blender, and came up with this nice mix. My personal favorite  song is &quot;Eat the Rich&quot;, a hilarious song about what is wrong with  rich people. I also like &quot;Livin on the Edge&quot;, &quot;Walk on  Down&quot;, &quot;Shut up and Dance&quot;, &quot;Cryin&quot;, &quot;Gotta  Love it&quot; , and &quot;Amazing&quot;. &quot;Amazing&quot;, probably the  biggest hit off of this album, is like a 90's version of the ballad  &quot;Dream On&quot;. Also, &quot;Cryin&quot; and &quot;Crazy&quot; sound a  lot alike, but &quot;Crazy&quot; is slower. This was the first Aerosmith  album I got, thanks mostly to MTV, and I think it's still great and it's  great to listen to in the car. If you are an Aerosmith fan, buy this album.
B000003TA2|5.0|Ok, so yes, this is an album hated by an important part of the Sonic Youth fans cos its said to be the sellout one... I dunno... it may be a sellout deal, but the music is definetely S.Y.! Even better, this is not just the  usual cacophony based on Glenn Branca we all love and know since the Sonic  Youth EP hit some stores.  This time theres melody (the good kind of!) all  around the place (The chorus in &quot;Mote&quot;!), all the mallet guitar  techniques and the crazy feedback-chimes take unto a whole new concept  here, ridden by Kims ever-excellent bass playing into Steves paws.  I am  finding it hard to describe how much of a superior album this one is among  the others. It fills the air with excitement, coolness, a soft sexuality  and most of all, freedom. It is excactly what you need when you know its  gonna be a long day. Every song is a new door, with an infinity of new  things to see behind it... I can only think of ONE way to make this album  better than flawlessly divine would be adding &quot;The Diamond Sea&quot;  (from Wasing Machine) to the track list.<br />Hope this can open your eyes to  the best in music.
B000009CEM|4.0|Wow.  This is Fear Factory's best album yet.  It starts slowly with Shock, but Shock soon becomes a heavy track.  Then 'Due to the graphic nature of this programme, listner discretion is advised' Edgecrusher springs into  action with deafening guitar riffs and one of Cristian's funky basslines.   Smasher/Devourer is next, with an agressive style all the way through,  Police state 2000 follows in similar style, but with a bit more tune.   Descent is next, quite tuneful, not as heavy as the rest but still a good  listen, followed by the deafening Hi-Tech Hate in which the drumming is  wild.  Next is Freedom Or Fire, a powerful metal song with good riffs,  followed by the excellent title track, Obsolete.  Next is the tuneful  Ressurection, marking the end of the machines.  The only thing that spoils  the album is the trash-track Timlessness, which really belongs on a  Westlife album.<br />Other than Tmelessness, though, a great album.  If you  like Slipknot's WAIT &amp; BLEED, you'll like this album.
6301966988|5.0|One can say whatever one wants to say, but I found this movie a thoroughly enjoyable one. It's the second time I watch it, and it's just as enjoyable as in the first time. I don't know what to say without having to resort to  rehashing the film synopsis. If you're reading this you already know pretty  much what the film is about. My advice to you? Buy it. It's a beautifully  constructed film. Some might say that stretching it for as many as 2 hours  makes it long and boring, but the story could not have been told in less  time than that. Mr. Zucker, the director, took his time to make us love the  characters of Sam and Molly, and he made us (me at least) share the pain of  Molly's grief and loneliness when Sam died. Then Sam's spirit comes back,  and seeks his revenge against the ones who actually plotted his murder but  made it look like a botched robbery. It's reminiscent of a Count of Monte  Cristo with a supernatural touch to it. Definitely a movie worthy of a  place in my private collection.
B00003CWRX|5.0|Director Michael Mann (\\"The Last of the Mohicans\\" and \\"Heat\\") has created  a sophisticated, multi-layered, social thriller which is one the most well acted and well written films in recent memory.  Russell Crowe (from \\"L.A.  Confidential\\") plays Dr. Jeffrey Wigand, a chemist for a major tobacco  company, who is fired and then is mysteriously threatened and intimidated  against revealing inside information which he possess about the use of  chemical enhancements for nicotine. Crowe deftly portrays a man who is both  forceful, intelligent, and emotionally explosive while at the same time  quirky, nave, and fearful. Crowe gives a thoroughly convincing performance  as a man who is squeezed, in vice-like fashion, between preserving his  family and his compulsion to tell the truth. <br />Al Pacino, in one of the  best performances of his career, plays \\"60 Minutes\\" producer Lowell Bergman  who coaxes Wigand to reveal what he knows, despite Wigand's conflicted  feelings about violating a corporate confidentiality agreement. In his  recent roles (\\"Heat,\\" The Devil's Advocate,\\" and \\"Scent of a Woman\\") Pacino  has tended to push his characters over the top. Here he plays Bergman with  just the right balance of subtlety, restraint and passion. <br />Christopher  Plummer (the father in \\"The Sound of Music\\"!) is equally superb as \\"60  Minutes\\" reporter Mike Wallace. Plummer's portrayal is just the right mix  of ego, wit, and self-assurance. <br />Only in the very capable hands of  Director Michael Mann could such a movie-which consists primarily of the  characters talking to each other-be suspenseful, dramatic, and fresh.  Mann's use of extreme close-ups, deft editing, out-of-focus shots and  hand-held cameras make for a riveting movie experience.<br />But beyond the  technical brilliance of the film, Mann (who co-wrote it) weaves into the  plot and dialog larger moral and social questions such as the extent to  which reporters should manipulate sources and their own colleaguesto \\"get  the story\\" and how much should be sacrificed in the search for truth. These  larger issues do not seemed forced or preachy but, rather, are natural  extensions of the story and dialog.<br />While this film was shut out at the  recent Academy Awards (despite 7 nominations) and did lackluster box  office, it is a great movie that squarely places Michael Mann in the upper  echelon of Hollywood directors. It is a movie that is clearly the equal of  \\"All the President's Men\\" to which it is often, and favorably, compared.  [Note: this movie has received an \\"R\\" rating entirely for its use of the  F-word (about 15 times). There is no sex or violence.]
6304584598|5.0|Dear Margot and Rudlof -- Wherever you are in the magnificent beyond, thank you for the gift of Swan Lake - in those precious moments you made a thing of rarest beauty - Keats would weep.
B00000DMJF|2.0|though I Respect The Beatles for Their Song-Writting&amp;Sir George Martin as a Producer this Set is very Average.The Lyrics are Down-Right Bad.The Music is for the most Part Uninspired.I Dug While My Guitar Gently  Weeps,Back In The U.S.S.R,&amp;Revolution 1.but Overall The Music seems  Formula Driven.&amp;Compared To Dylan,James Brown,Motown,HENDRIX,etc...  they seem Played Out.this is one of the Most Overrated Albums Ever.
B00003CX7K|5.0|one of the best movies for children and adults. very well put together!
6300183211|5.0|One would wonder that I would have made a mistake in giving this film five stars, given the fact my one-line review up there seems to make the film a negative one. It is a brutal, graphic (at times), shocking and disturbing  movie. Reminiscent of Quentin Tarantino's &quot;Reservoir Dogs&quot;. But  then again, life in this dirty business maybe is pretty much like that. If  one watches the news one sees those sort of things happen pretty regularly.   It is true to say we as spectators turn to films as a diversion from the  senseless cruelty and violence that revolve round us in the world nowadays.  Yet this is what the film is meant to be. A hard-hitting gut-punch of a  film. How about that infamous &quot;chainsaw scene&quot;? Those who saw  this movie know what I am talking about.  That scene is a bloodfest,  alright...but there are others that are equally as unpleasant that don't  necessarily resort to bloodletting to make us cringe. It's a great  spectacle that shows all...certainly a film not to be missed.
B00000IQUT|3.0|This movie is not for the faint of heart.I'm not going to tellyou what the story is about because a lot of other reviewers alreadyhave done that,but I must warn you that there are some really disgusting scenes in this movie.The bathtub scene will freak every guy out! Also there is a lot of full frontal nudity.The acting is a little weak but the intense plot makes up for that.This movie is not for everybody so watch at your own risk.
6305750750|5.0|I have seen many movies but this one definetly takes the cake. The graphics are amazing, Lucas definetly has wonderful full detail ideas. The story kept me interested through-out although I am not a Staw Wars fan I  did have to ask a few questions of who are these people supposed to be in  the triology? I have seen it several times now and the story is still  interesting it leaves me still wanting to know who is going to win the pod  race as well as thinking I wonder what happens in the next episode. Just  two more things I have to say just see it if you've ever liked Star Wars  and where is the DVD?
B000001FS3|5.0|If you review anyone's record collection, there are probably 10 albums that would be included.  Beatles, Rolling Stones, maybe Stevie Wonder.  What collection could possibly be complete without U2's The Joshua Tree.   In this reviewers opinion, the &quot;A&quot; side of The Joshua Tree is the  greatest side of any album ever released.<br />The songs not only are  timeless, but the topics are of great meaning.  In ten years will anyone  remember girl-bands or boy-bands (does anyone listen to an old Donny Osmond  album - Thank God No!).  Just as the songs of Elvis and Lennon will long be  remembered, so too, will the music and words of U2 and The Joshua Tree.
B00003CWLF|5.0|Andy Tennent the Director of Ever After could not have made a better follow up movie than Anna and the King.  Jodi Foster and Chow Yun-Fat had suprisingly wonderful chemistry and were perfectly cast in their parts.   This version IS the best because it went beyond the romance and showed the  cultural differences and why it couldn't be.  It showed the passion of both  Anna and King Mongkut, but it showed that the King had to lead his nation  and not think of his heart.  The film also showed who important the  children were to the both of them. The film is a lavish, gorgous, and  amazing because of awe-inspiring sets, costumes, and acting above all. This  was the most underrated film of 1999, but it was also one of the best.   Andy Tennent is the king of simple romance and the period film.  Jodi  Foster and Chow Yun-Fat will capture your heart and astonish you!
B00000IPAX|5.0|Well if you haven't heard at least one song from this album then you must be living under a rock. The San Diego trio Tom, Mark, and Travis have certainly made it big time with the release of 'Enema Of The State' if they  hadn't already. This album certainly has a lot of great tunes including the  very Blinkish punk rock/ska song 'Don't Leave Me', the Blink 182 equivalent  to a love song 'Going Away To College', and of course 'Mutt' from the hit  movie 'American Pie' in which the Poway boys made a cameo appearance. And  of course the cream of the album, the singles 'What's My Age Again?' (very  much related to Blink because of the immaturity), 'All The Small Things',  and the most recently released single 'Adam's Song', which portray's Blink  182's serious side (a song inspired by an e-mail Mark Hoppus recieved of a  teenage boy's letter before he committed suicide).  But on the bright side,  this album will definately recieve good airplay on your home stereo. There  is not one bad song on 'Enema Of The State', and it is a very enjoyable  album that portrays the very wonderful 'culture' of Blink 182!
B00001NFCY|5.0|When I first started listening to Creed, i was just like, yeah they're okay.  But this album (and their last album) is so awesome! Creed's lyrics and music are so perfect, when they can go from sweet songs &quot;With Arms  Wide Open&quot; to totally rockin the house songs like &quot;What If&quot;.   Creed is one of the best rock bands in the biz right now and i cannot wait  until their next album comes out!
B00003CWRX|5.0|After renting The Insider from the video store, I had to own this DVD.  Strong performances by Pacino, and  Christopher Plummer was fantastic as Wallace.  And it carries a real good message. A lot F...'s which I don't  and didn't particularly like, because for one thing I think it would be a  great film to show teens to reinforce the notions of integrity.  But, I  know, &quot;realism&quot; and all that.
0380973464|5.0|Every once in a great while if you love books, you come across a fabulous surprise that makes searching those bookshelves for a great read worth it all.  Prior to discovering Cryptonomicon, the last surprise of this  magnitude I discovered was 1 copy sitting on a lonely shelf with a  &quot;white cover&quot; - the 1st edition published by the Navel Institute  Press of Tom Clancy's  &quot;Hunt for the Red October.&quot;<br />Obviously  these are two different kinds of books, but they both share uncommonly good  writing mixed into a new &quot;niche&quot;.<br />Cryptonomicon is not a  science fiction novel, although the publisher, to Stephenson's disservice  has pushed it onto the SF shelves ( virtual or otherwise.)  What it is a  remarkable thriller,a &quot;hang by your fingertips&quot; war story, an  adventure yarn,and to be accurate, a hard science fiction novel, taking  place both during World War II and well as the day after tomorrow. Yes its  about cryptography, (you'll learn a lot), but it really revolves around a  wonderful cast of characters that are linked in the past (WWII) to the  present. It's all really quite believable.<br />It is not &quot;CYBER  PUNK.&quot;  It is a, trite as this may seem. &quot;A REALLY GREAT  READ.&quot;  My only regret was that even as long as it is, it ended!  I  hope the author doesn't take another 5 years for his next novel.
B000003FIQ|5.0|This recording is an important one for one reason--the Sibelius Concerto.  Heifetz owns this concerto--I have never heard anyone play it the way he did.  That opening movement, extremely moody and atmospheric, is riveting.  Heifetz' playing draws you in, and, it will send shivers down your spine.  The third movement is also impressive--a fine example of virtuosity and  brilliance.  I can never say enough about this recording--BUY IT!
B000001DWG|5.0|If you like Pearl Jam, Soungarden, Stone Temple Pilots and Temple Of The Dog, you will love Mother Love Bone. Precussors to the later Seattle Sound, and following Green River's in your face punk, this was a fantasy rock  band.<br />Fronted by the often theatrical Andrew Wood (Andy), there was solid  musicianship in the presence of Stone Gossard and Jeff Ament. Poised on the  brink of stardom, it's as if the 1990 signing to a Major Label was too much  for Wood. A latter day Jim Morrison, he soared too close to the Sun and  plummeted back down to earth in a massive drug crash that left him  dead.<br />A lot of slinky, wink wink sexual innuendo in such treasures as  Bone China, and the sinuous treasure that is Capricorn Sister, (my vote for  best lyrics). Hooks and power riffs galore. Other stand-out cuts, Star  Gazer and Stardog Champion.<br />This is all we have left, (there is also a  short video), and Gossard and Ament went on to first Temple Of The Dog and  later, Pearl Jam. You can't help but wonder...what if? I don't often give  five stars but this album is worth it!
B00000JNJ1|5.0|Once there was a time that Rod Stewart participated in some top notch albums. And this generously long, very clean-sounding, reissue proves that the Faces were not just a back up machine for Rod Stewart's preenings.  The  Ronnie Lane presence, notably on the classic song, Debris, is wonderful.  The drumming by Kenny Jones is sturdy and effective. Ronnie Wood's guitar  stylings fit every song perfectly. Ian McLagen did his job with taste and  restraint. And Rod Stewart wrote some very fine material. Even the  understated Love Lives Here, stands up so well, twenty five plus years  later.  Two sides to the bad...rolicking and reflective. This anthology  givesa full selection of both approaches. A VERY worthwhile reissue.
0385015364|5.0|In this book Chesterton has given us enough material upon which to meditate for a lifetime. What he writes is often far more complex than it seems after the first reading. Although this book can be difficult to  follow at times due to the wordiness of Chesterton, he always clarifies  himself and his points regardless of the fact that is often takes him a  whole chapter. The real value of this piece is realized not after the first  reading, but after the fifth tenth and unknown readings. If your mind is  sharp, you will find yourself frequently laughing out-loud at Chesterton's  clever and concealed way of refuting the foolishness of our current thought  with the foolishness of God. Chesterton says that his philosophy that he  reveals in this book is not of his own creation, for he did not make it,  God made it and it made him... I tend to agree.
630575067X|1.0|Im sorry but I really think that is the flop of the year. It's just a parade of visuals effects and we don't even see the actors. The first trilogy with Harrison Ford and Mark Hamill was terrific and I really think  that George Lucas should stop this mess immediately.
B0000021RB|2.0|THIS ALBUM FAILS WITH TOO LONG OF INSTUMENTAL SECTIONS IN MANY SONGS.  THAT MAKES THESE SONGS VERY DULL.  OF COURSE, &quot;LIBERATION&quot; IS COMPLETELY INSTRUMENTAL AND VERY BORING.  &quot;BEGINNINGS&quot; AND  &quot;QUESTIONS 67 &amp; 68&quot; ARE THE ONLY SONGS HERE THAT ARE EVEN THE  LEAST BIT MEMORABLE.  MOST OF THESE SONGS JUST DON'T GO ANYWHERE.  THANK  GOODNESS CETERA, WITH SOME HELP FROM DAVID FOSTER, EVENTUALLY GOT THIS BAND  RIGHT WITH HIS UNERRING SENSE OF MELODY AND SONGCRAFT.  THAT CREATED THE  NEW AND 100 TIMES BETTER CHICAGO.
0783226160|5.0|Possibly the funniest movie of all time.  I don't even try toestimate how many times I've seen this (friends and family estimate300+!), and I still crack up.  Okay, it's not the most politically correct movie in the world, but anyone who doesn't double over in laughter at least once while watching this needs to have their pulse taken.  Tons of catch phrases (&quot;They took the bar!&quot; &quot;Fat, drunk, and stupid is no way to go through life, son,&quot; etc.), excellent early sixties tunes, and John Belushi at his most manic--what could be better?  I can watch this movie a zillion times and still laugh (and probably will before I'm through . . . )!  END
0375703764|4.0|`House of Leaves' was excessively long: its sporadic progression from different topics, events, and points of view may lead to its possible categorization as a prodigious letdown; a result of its inability to live  up to the expectations procured by hyped reviews. The focus of the book  should revolve directly around \\"The Navidson Record,\\" which was without  doubt the sole reason many will refrain from trashing the book before they  reach the end. \\"The Navidson Record\\" is not only an example of  Danielewski's vast imagination, but also his ability to enthrall, petrify,  and captivate the reader; if there was more on this topic than the parts of  had very little importance, the book may have been able to live up to its  possibilities: there should have been more focus on this and less on the  surrounding topics.  Numerous hypothetical citations led to an outrageous  amount of footnotes, and its tedious references to historical facts,  events, stories and myths may prevent the book from receiving all the  credit it deserves. Despite its faults, at the core of the book there  subsists an incredibly well written novel. Indubitably, there were parts of  the book not mentioned in its reviews that may lead many a reader to expect  one thing and receive another- but when it comes down to it, the story that  lies deep inside Danielewski's seemingly endless ramblings is nothing short  of stupefying. Danielewski's writing reveals an unmatched talent,  especially when describing parts of the human mind that may not be touched  by everyone. He dives into the minds of multiple characters, dissecting the  possible effects that may take place in a person's attitude towards life as  they themselves change, as well as capturing respective descents into  insanity, depression, denial, and sometimes the revelations of who and what  they may or may not ever be. If you extract the core of the plot from the  sometimes obscure observations of the narrator, the book may very well be  categorized as a literary pioneer, taking methods of writing to new  heights. Danielewski has a limitless source of creativity and the ability  to enthrall anyone with enough willpower to get to the heart of the story-  his talent adds to the fact that the book's intention is nothing short of  brilliant. The downfall of the novel can be attributed to his attempts at  plunging too far into the stories that he creates to surround the plot, and  the unnecessary themes that eventually cause the book to surrender the vast  amounts of commendation it wholly deserves.
0964385619|5.0|After work one day I went in to a bookstore, sat down and read this entire book in 2 hours without buying it.  I know that that is really unethical but, oh well...:)  This book is just as everyone else says (besides those  that totally missed the point).  It's simple to read and has some very  funamental points in it.  While I'm tempted to say it's too simplistic,  it's not because this book focusses on fundamentals which middle america  doesn't even know about.<br />In fact here in New Zealand we laugh at american  culture because you all seem to be in this sick cycle of working stupid  hours and then in your spare time consuming material goods like a hungry  pig in a trough.  That's not to say we in New Zealand aren't financially  naive, we just aren't so, erm, hungry as you guys :)<br />Great news!  I'm  only 19 with 2 years still to go in University!  This knowledge will last  me a life time, and I can also refer back to it (i will buy a copy soon i  promise) :)<br />If you doubt what others say about this book and you are  middle class, trust me - you don't know anything.  Buy this book and  enlighten yourself
B000031WD9|4.0|Rented this movie for the heck of it and was genuinely surprised at how funny it was.  In these politically correct times, I was also surprised at the depths to which this movie plunged (and I'm not talking about the pie,  either).  The movie tries a little too hard at times, particularly towards  the end, but if you have an open mind you will laugh extremely hard at a  lot of this.  God bless the Internet!
0767809246|5.0|This movie is most probably one of the best films I have ever seen. The acting in it is great it has a very strong cast, when something happens to them you can feel their pain because it is acted so good. The scenery is  brilliant- vast streches of mountains covered in trees takes my breath  away. This movie hasn't lost any of it's magic even though I have watched  it 100's of times. This movie is great and I would recommend it to anyone  with a sense of humour.
0440234743|4.0|The Testament has so many wonderful messages for the reader.  I think the most important is that it exposes the narccistic attitude of so many adults and elevates the individual who consciously puts the rat-race behind  him/her and reaches out to help their fellow man.  Too many parents are  guilty of putting the aquisition of material goods and power ahead of  what's important.  Namely, spending time with their children and raising  them with integrity and character.  To hell with self-esteem.  How about  character?   John Grisham does a great job of weaving this message through  his novel.  The description of the Brazilian back country was superb.  I  enjoyed it immensely.
0783222955|5.0|I found Gregory Peck's portrayal to be very faithful to the character of Atticus Finch.  The whole cast was effectively convincing of Macon, GA in the 1930's.  I have watched this film about 20 times, but I keep going back  for more.
0425170349|4.0|all in all a great read. I felt that some parts  lagged but other parts had non stop action and I coudnt put it down. I would reccomend this book. Also I would recommend BLACKHAWK DOWN. it tells a more realistic tale of  war in somalia in 1993.
B00002SWEM|5.0|I first saw this film at the cinema in the UK. As soon as the DVD was released I bought it. The sound and atmosphere this film creates made me want to go to Cuba. So we went to Havana this April and it's as good as the  film suggests. The Cuban tourist board should use it as a promo. If you've  bought the CD buy the DVD.
B0000024K1|5.0|This is considered by many critics and music fans to be the best and most influential hip-hop record ever,and deservedly so. The thing that is so great about Public Enemy is how they don't hide the truth from their  listeners and tell it like it is for a black male living in a mostly white  controlled society.
0553266306|5.0|Mr. Forsyth was crazy to set such a high standard in the art of writing political thrillers. His incredible attention to detail is mind boggling. It leaves one wondering where lies the fact and where the fiction. Could  there be lone individuals who do this kind of contract killing? How did  Rodin find the Jackal? What kind of research did he do? I strongly  recommend this book.<br />As someone wote earlier, I wish I could give it 12  stars!
B0000041Q3|4.0|To put it short, for the same cast wouldn't it be better had Sutherland sung Liu and Caballe Turandot? Pavarotti is a well accepted Calaf for sure. Wish Maria Callas had left us a studio version before 1949... would be  perfect had Pavarotti been born 10 years earlier so he could sing it with  Callas... God, help us!
B00001U03Q|5.0|I really didn't know what to expect from this CD!  When I finally bought it and came home and listened to it, I was very pleased.  Many songs from this album I already knew but the few that I didn't know I now know and  like very much.  The only thing I'm not very pleased with is the  &quot;other&quot; version of &quot;before you accuse me&quot; I much rather  prefer the &quot;Unplugged&quot; version.....although that's just my  opinion.  I recommend this CD to anyone!  Although &quot;Unplugged&quot; is  still my #1 CD, this is probably my #2 choice.  Eric Clapton will always be  my favorite.  Keep on with the good work.
6304508611|4.0|This film was great! It scared the hell out of me and i had more swear words coming out of my mouth while viewing it than i care to mention! Carrie is an amazing and complex character, one you can like, pity and hate  all at the same time. Spacek is a wonderful actress too. I recommend this  film to anyone, but don't expect to get a decent nights sleep after  watching it...YOU WONT!
0671042858|2.0|I have heard from many people that The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon was one of Stephen King's best books.  I strongly disagree.  Like most King books, TGWLTG had a promising start, but it just dragged on and on and on.  The  villain in this story did not even affect me in the slightest.  The reason  I am giving it 2 stars instead of 1 is because I truly cared for Trish  McFarland.  This 9 year-old girl had a lot of spunk, I give her that.  But  in the end I was thoroughly disappointed.
B000002BQK|4.0|I myself became a Mariah fan when I heard one of her songs on WAMO,Pittsburgh PA. I thought that her voice was beautiful and that so was her music. I do not think that this is one of her best works. I do think  that her newest cd RAINBOW is her best and as soon as i can i will do a  review on that cd. Look for my name on a review of that cd soon. bye now!
0792101448|5.0|This movie is part of western history.  It has been duplicated by numerous directors in it's style.  Why is it not on DVD?  When will it be on DVD?   If you enjoy rich characters, extreme storytelling and exquisite  cinematography, you will enjoy this movie......
6302824613|5.0|Shgadellic, if I may say.  You can definately see the Austin Powers influence in this movie.  It starts as an aging James Bond is coaxed out of retirement after M is killed to smash a spy ring known as SMERSH.  He  travels to Scotland to give M's remains (his toupee) to his widow and  several daughters (all between 16 and 19).  All of these women are double  agents for SMERSH and are trying to smash Bond's celebet (yes, you read  right) image, they failed.  Bond continues on to London where he takes over  his spy agency.  Moneypenny's daughter is there (same name) and they get an  AFSD (Anti Female Spy Device) to help them.  This is to me two of the most  funny scenes of the 60's when Moneypenny 'goes for broke' picking out AFSD  hopefuls and then when they're training this AFSD.  All the spies are known  as James Bond 007 including the girls.  Another spy they recrute is Urusla  Andress as Vesper Lynd she's assigned to get a professsional gamber, Evylen  Tremble (played perfectly by Peter Sellers) to play a card game with the  notorious villian Le Chiffre (Orson Welles) After recruiting Bond's  daughter with Mata Hari, Mata Bond and a few others, they set out to  destroy SMERSH.  Toward the end Bond and Moneypenny are kidnapped by SMERSH  and it turns out the leader is Bond's nephew (Woody Allen) His diabolical  plan: to make all women beautiful and all men shorter than 4' 7&quot;, as  Bond put it, &quot;A world full of beautiful women and all the men shorter  than you.&quot;  Tremble (now 007) is captured and tortured by Le Chiffre.   During this mind torture there's a bunch on kilted Scotsman playing  bagpipes.  One of them stops Tremble and asks him, &quot;Are you Richard  Burton?&quot;  Tremble replies, &quot;No, I'm Peter O'Toole.&quot;  The  Scotsman returns, &quot;Then you're the finest human being that ever  lived.&quot;  I would bet my life that that Scotman that asked Peter  Sellers if he's Richard Burton IS Peter O'Toole.  There's a big fight at  CasinoRoyale, and after Woody (he plays Jimmy Bond) swallows a thing that  &quot;looks like an aspirin, tastes like an aspirin, but it's not an  aspirin&quot; and is designed to blow someone up he ends up blowing up the  entire Casino killing James Bond (the original) Vesper, Mata Bond, Vesper  Lynd, Moneypenny, Cooper (the AFSD), and Evylen Tremble.  They go to heaven  while Woody Allen goes to a &quot;place very very hot.&quot;<br />Casino  Royale is great fun.  It's my favorite spy spoof (2 kinds of 60's spy  flicks, spoofs like this and serious ones like Goldfinger and The Spy Who  Came in from the Cold).  It wasn't based too closely on the book because  after 5 Bond movies, everything from the book had already been used, except  the card game between Tremble and Le Chiffre.  So the producer Charles K.  Feldman decided to spoof the whole thing.  The end result is a hilarious,  weird at times, entertaining, hypnotic, and worthy of the Bond list.  It's  not on there, I don't think.  Here is a movie that is far above many of the  films made in the 60's or made ever.  It possesses so much more than meets  the eye, but special effects too (Sellers was angry with Welles after  Princess Margaret said hi to Welles before him so he refused to do any  scenes with him, the card game and everything else is the result of mirrors  and doubles) It's like the most beautiful ruby in the world, but only a few  people have the sight to see it.
1572700556|5.0|My English teacher gave us this book 2 review--which is y i thought i was destined 2 hate it_but from the opening sentence,i felt that special something--i knew i was in love! Elizabeth was all i ever wanted 2 be and  Mr.Darcy,all i ever wanted 2 marry! I can easily say he was my first  crush!What i love about this book especially is the way it handles so much  with such magnificence-human emotions,social classes,pride,romance---it's a  real treat for n e reader!
0679428887|5.0|Archangel is one of the finest book I have read, ever. Harris' work is a masterpiece that deserves inclusion in the Western Canon.<br />First, the writing is outstanding. Every paragraph is clear, compelling, bristling  with ideation. Not once does the reader groan at an ill-wrought sentence.<br />Second, the book offers a deep psychological analysis of the callousness  and homocidal mania among the 20th Century's political thugs--the  compensatory processes by which they quelled their own inner demons by  using the machinery of the totalitarian state to kill every decent person  who crossed their paths and reminded them of their inability to love. Along  these lines of character development, its portrait of Anna's mother is a  masterpiece of irony--she is a loving but narrow, naive, blockheaded woman  who cannot see her way to understand that the man she idealizes is a  monstrous brute who destroyed her family, each one in a different way, who  had her beloved daughter slaughtered to hide the monstrosity of his venal  sexual crime. The characterization of Stalin's son is anything but a silly  confection: it is a brilliant allegorical portrait. He personifies the  amalgamation of genetic degeneration running in Stalin's genes with the  depraved idea of raising this criminally conceived boy in the ice cold  forests of northern Russia by a handful of minor sadists. What results is a  demented anti-Christ babbling Stalinist jargon--a beautifully wrought  rendering of poltical doublespeak in which the vapidity of Stalin's slogans  is brought home with bristling clarity.<br />Third, the marvelous way Harris  incorporates quotes from Stalin's own speeches and factual stories (such as  the general who was shot for criticizing Stalin's callous military  machinery) adds a historical depth that further enriches the book in a way  that rarely emerges in other books.<br />Fourth, the ending to this gem is  philosophically spectacular. Amidst all the male bumbling (the brilliant  Kelso is manipulated like a child, the bright, reflective, well-meaning  urbanite Suvorin falls apart when confronted by the raw elements outside  his sheltered Moscow environment), Zinaida arises as a personification of  gritty commonsense cutting to the core of the central theme in modern  Russian history. After witnessing and enduring the Stalinist destruction of  her own family, she is seized by a primal urge to arrest these stupid,  brutish forces that are laying waste to her country. Stepping out into the  rushing river of history, she does what none of the men have the courage or  understanding to do--she slays the monster with a simple act of archetypal  clarity--either fight bravely or watch as more families are dismembered by  the monster. That so few people understand that this story is anything but  a potboiler, that it is a monumental tale of human families vs.  simple-minded capitulation to insectoidal brutes, is stunning evidence of  how desensitized to true literary grandeur we have become in this land of  incessant, ant-like clamoring for crumbs and moronic televised pablum.  Archangel deserves a Pulitzer!liant  Kelso is manipulated like a child, the bright, reflective, well-meaning  urbanite Suvorin falls apart when confronted by the raw elements outside  his sheltered Moscow environment), Zinaida arises as a personification of  gritty commonsense cutting to the core of the central theme in modern  Russian history. After witnessing and enduring the Stalinist destruction of  her own family, she is seized by a primal urge to arrest these stupid,  brutish forces that are laying waste to her country. Stepping out into the  rushing river of history, she does what none of the men have the courage or  understanding to do--she slays the monster with a simple act of archetypal  clarity--either fight bravely or watch as more families are dismembered by  the monster. That so few people understand that this story is anything but  a potboiler, that it is a monumental tale of human families vs.  simple-minded capitulation to insectoidal brutes, is stunning evidence of  how desensitized to true literary grandeur we have become in this land of  incessant, ant-like clamoring for crumbs and moronic televised pablum.  Archangel deserves a Pulitzer!
B00004RHZU|4.0|I copped this album a few dayz ago and after listening thru tha whole thing, I realized not only does she look real, real good, she can sing. At first, I thought that Pink was just a big piece of white trash after seeing  her video, &quot;There You Go&quot;, but after listening to this album,  that girl has soul. Standout tracks would have 2 be &quot;Split  Personality&quot;, &quot;Hell Wit Ya&quot;, &quot;Most Girls, and the title  track, &quot;Can't Take Me Home&quot;. Although &quot;Hiccup&quot; is  rather annoying at times, I'm diggin tha whole LP. Even the slow jams are  worth playing 4 your man or woman. I am just str8 diggin Pink and her  music. Pink, if you read this, I give U mad (MAAD) props and hope U  prosper. After all, U did show my state some luv in tha album credits, but  even so, U get my respect. 4 all U Amazon purchasers, if U like that  R&amp;B/pop scene, you gotta pick this up.
6304602979|5.0|Tarentino at his best, excellent cast, somewhat amusing story lines, too many cameos to mention, definite diamond in the rough even if it didn't include, and I can't say this strongly enough, the best scene in modern  movies. The scene is absoulutely riveting and Walken gives his best  performance ever, in true Walken style, only to be matched by Hopper. The  faces and mannerisms that these two actors project make this scene my  absolute favorite, for any serious fan of acting and dialogue this is an  absolute must see. The movie is a 4 star at best, but this scene makes the  movie a classic. Check out Gary Oldman as well!  This movie even makes  Christian Slater look good....
1878424114|5.0|I am giving Deepak Chopra 5 stars because I am a true believer of Karma. :)  I will continue and practice the circulation of giving whether it's a compliment, a rating etc.. I will be sharing this great knowledge with my  brother, sisters, parents, friends and everyone I encounter everyday.  Increase the peace and happiness!  Thanks Mr. Chopra!
0800141601|5.0|If it bothered you so much that it didn't follow exactly the legend of King Arthur and Camelot, that's your hang-up.  I myself give it a FIVE for originality!  Sean Connery and Richard Gere both brilliantly portray real  men with their courage, passion, honesty and perseverence, yet are not  above treating sweet,lovable, approachable (and drop-dead gorgeous!) Julia  Ormond like the Queen that she is.  Ben Cross also gets kudos for his vivid  portrayal of the chilling villain Malagant.  Death before dishonor!  Our  own president should have such virtues!
0784010188|5.0|Terminator 2 is a movie packed with action and I bought one from Amazon,the sound was really great with thx 5.1 sound and the picture was just so sharp you will want to discard your LD and vhs version of this  film.but one thing I do not understand is why didn't the studio add in  extra cut scence into the dvd? I hope to get extra copy for fututre release  of this film if avaible.A good buy for action movie fan.
B000002LGQ|5.0|I have had this album since the fall of '92(on tape) and I loved it so much!  &quot;Like a Prayer&quot; is IMO one of the best songs of that wonderful year 1989. Unlike most of the people on here, I really like  Madonna's collabration with (then) Prince, which I think is a really  interesting song. Another interesting song that I like is &quot;Act  of...&quot;, where the background music is just the last minute of two of  &quot;Like a Prayer&quot;(with the choir singers). Play it backwards and  you will see.<br />Of course, I like the ones that were hits, but I also like  the non-hits, especially &quot;Till Death Do Us Part&quot;. When I listen  to lyrics such as &quot;She takes the keys/he breaks the door&quot;, and  &quot;He starts to scream/the vases fly&quot;, I think a great music video  could have been made.<br />All in all, this is one of the best CDs that I own  and will never ger tired of hearing it.
B000002L9S|5.0|I got this on tape probably about 11 years ago, the first Madonna album I ever had and I loved it then AND now! <br />I naturally like all the hit songs(since I've heard them before I got this) but I also like the  non-hits. &quot;White Heat&quot; was a song that should've been a hit(I  think it would've made a great music video. An 80s party wouldn't be an 80s  party with out &quot;Where's the Party?&quot;. &quot;Jimmy Jimmy&quot; was  silly but fun and &quot;Love Makes the World Go Round&quot; defines the  &quot;innocence&quot; of the mid 80s. Even casual fans would like this  album. Get it now.
B00004RHZU|5.0|If you like groups like Destiny's Child, there is an excellent chance you will like this CD. Eclectic, well sung, and consistent, this album will never stay unlistened in your collection for long. I liked everything from  the strong backbeat of &quot;Most Girls&quot; to the very intimate &quot;Is  It Love&quot; to the choppy grooves of &quot;Can't Take Me Home&quot; (my  personal favorite groove song), &quot;Hell Wit Ya&quot; and &quot;There You  Go.&quot; There's also the stirring ballads &quot;Let Me Let You Know&quot;  (which recalls Motown a bit) and &quot;Stop Falling&quot; (her vocals are  especially smooth on thar one.) Very deserving of your money.
0375703764|4.0|There are a lot of reasons to dismiss this book after a cursory glance. Seems to be a erudite (snotty/pretentious) Blair Witch Project or a very pale Pale Fire. The clever use of footnotes was exhausted in Infinite Jest.  Derivative as it may be, House of Leaves is a riot. I work in a bookstore  of a lot the reaction has gone the route of &quot;oooooo...it's  creepy.&quot; I just haven't got that as the main thrust; it seems like  there's too much worth paying attention to. While the game the book  presents is much less complex than Nabokov's, it's still not a People  crossword puzzle to VN's New York Times brain buster, and maybe I've got a  sick sense of humor, but the book is pretty funny.  (If you watch the dates  on the footnotes, appendices, ect, it's obvious the whole thing is the work  of a preveracatin' crackpot. Anything more than a superficial comparison to  the Blair Improv Fest seems unfair.)
B000023VR6|4.0|Seven years later the DOCTOR back in another classic CD. One of the best hip hop albums of the year, featuring SNOOP DOGG, XZIBIT, EMINEM, MARY J BLIGE the album has 22 tracks every one whit elegantly new stayle. Since  N.W.A to DEATH ROW days to CHRONIC 2001 DRE still superstar.
B000000HTL|5.0|This offering takes us to some different realms,I feel that the album has an&quot;escape&quot; feel to it.For people who don't know this band,I would suggest a tongue in cheek approach go and buy the first album &quot;The  aerosol grey machine&quot; it is an import but it is defenetly worth the  money! It is availiable in this store you just have to click on &quot;all  albums by Van Der Graaf Generator&quot;.If not,buy &quot;The least we can  do is wave to each other&quot;.Now back to &quot;H to HE&quot;,it has guest  player Robert Fripp,that brilliant guitarist from King Crimson appears on  &quot;The Emperor&quot;.Aside from that,the band lays down more and more  spacyness and they explore more levels of relatively the same  theme,&quot;what will later be known to me as the VDGG experience&quot;.It  is a positive and non deceiving growth from the preceding,It will  ultimately prepare us for what's to come our way!
0783240236|2.0|The extras on this DVD are great, especially Tippi Hedren's fascinating screen test. But the video trasfer is a huge disappointment, shoddy on every level. The transfer is too bright, which wrecks the great Robert  Burks photography. The sound is out of synch. And the whole picture is  misframed - the head room is too high - feet are often cut off in wide  shots, and there is too much air over the heads in the closeups.  Ironically, the clips from the movie in the &quot;making of&quot;  documentary are framed correctly.<br />Is anyone at Universal watching or  listening during the transfer? Especially for one of their most important  titles?<br />It's also very annoying that they have spliced a modern Universal  logo on the head with bombastic music. This is a movie meant to have no  music, with a great reliance on silence and the creepy electronic bird  sounds.<br />Universal, please re-transfer with an original Technicolor film  print as a reference.<br />Five stars for the movie, two stars for the DVD.
B000000HTM|5.0|This album is the forth and last before the second break-up,I don't have the other albums after that but I can say that it is really intense,deep and gorgeous.The band now takes us to great pschology trips,mind boggling  methaphores and with overwhelming hope fore this isn't a band that is among  your usual bland,dull and unchallenging rock outfits.This album features  unusual interplay between virtuoso players and it even seems as if they are  fighting each other for the ultimate goal wich is harmony and serenity.Once  again Robert Fripp joins us and makes full contribution to this  uncanny,self perpetuating masterpiece.Once again,a great therapy or puzzle  for ones mind,one isn't and shouldn't be the same after hearing this  magnetic oxide tape,never be influance by people who call this gendre of  music ancient dinosaur Lp's or musicians,there ignorant! Just have a listen  with an opened mind and you'll see! It proves that one can do more than  simply create a song to listen to comming from work or just to relax.This  kind of music represents life and life isn't alway harmonic,melodic and  dandy something bands like &quot;Korn&quot;couldn't possibly understand  with their cavemen brain/attitude lol cheers to VDGG!
0964385619|5.0|If your just getting started in investing or have been investing quite awhile I think there are 2 books to definately purchase, this one being one of them and Robert Allen's &quot;Creating Wealth&quot; being the other.  I  think that Mr. Kiyosaki has done a terrific job of pounding the point home  to those of us who are intelligent enough to see what exactly he is talking  about.  For anyone who thinks that there is a hot tip, a secret get rich  quick scheme, or a laid out blue print to financial success in this  book...well your mistaken...Robert gives you the tools in his book here to  create for yourself unlimited wealth, but its up to you what you make with  them.  Great job on the book and i'll definately purchase another title as  I was really pumped up after I read this...both titles really motivated  me!
B000023VR6|5.0|I just loved this CD, it had all the best beats and sang about the things that I enjoy to hear about. If you liked any of Dr. Dre's other CD's then you will definetly will love this one! So go out and get one.
630575067X|3.0|while the phantom menace is really a great film only DVD can do it the justice it needs. it was awesome in theaters and the only way to preserve the same quality would be to put the film out on DVD. the vhs tape looks  pretty awful when compared to DVD movies. DVD would add many more pixels to  the screen therefore increasing resolution quality and the sound would  sound so much better if it were off of a digital soundtrack. just imagine  how many extras would be on any star wars DVD....it'd probably take a few  days just to look through it all. and lucas, one who normally DEMANDS that  his films are put in the BEST quality possible....decides NOT to put his  film on DVD but rather vhs, which is basically the worst quality out there.  while it's not a bad movie...actually it is an excellent work of art, but  there's no vhs tape that can do justice to it. all the high resolution  video/audio that the producers went so far to achieve and make possible  gets all but lost in this transition to vhs tape. LUCAS SHOULD REALLY WAKE  UP AND DECIDE TO GIVE IN TO THE ENTITY THAT IS- DVD
B000021XS0|5.0|This album rocks!, not just in the sense that Led Zeppelin, Deep Purple, Metallica could, Dream Theater are influenced by all of these and more, but bring their music together in a way that goes beyond what rock did in the  70' and 80's and takes it to another level. Intricate musicianship layered  with slabs of great heavy riffing, and a story that is both comelling and  complete, yet still leaves you questions to ponder. Buy it Today!
630575067X|5.0|Although The Phantom Menace is not The Empire Strikes Back, I don't think it deserved a lot of the flack it received when it first opened.  There was some funny dialogue, and while the scenic graphics were best seen in the  theater, I thought the computer-generated characters actually translated  better to the small screen.  With good performances (especially by Ewan  McGregor and Natalie Portman), and a cool, double light-saber weilding  villain, The Phantom Menace makes a great beginning to the Star Wars saga.
B00000K19E|5.0|This film is a unique trip into another world of thinking.  The DVD version is a crystal clear view of this world.  I rent most films, but this one is a keeper.  It is as entertaining on the third viewing as it was the  first time, but for different reasons.  The DVD format will help you answer  many questions that arise during the initial viewing by permitting you to  see the film segments out of order.  You can also look at the making of the  film and the directors' comments.
6305470464|4.0|This film is one of the best kept secrets at the video store.  Anyone who enjoys a good romantic story must see this movie. This romantic comedy-drama focuses on the relationships of various couples. This could've  been just another cute little film, but thanks to the witty, intelligent  dialogue and the very talented ensemble cast, it is elevated to so much  more. Although some of the story lines were less than compelling, it was  great to see veterans actors like Sean Connery and Gena Rowlands take such  a modest story line and turn it into something really special. Kudos!  Didn't someone say &quot;there are no small roles, only small  actors?&quot;<br />Although all the performances were strong, the stand out  performances had to be that of Angelina Jolie and Ryan Phillippe. The  chemistry between these two young actors was earth shaking.  Their screen  romance was very touching and endearing. Even though Jolie has the ability  to completely dominate a scene, Phillippe, playing his role with subtlety  and reserve, was able to hold his own.  His performance was so real and  moving, that once us men folk can get over the fact that our ladies are  swooning over him, we have to admit this dude can act.  As for Jolie, I  think no one can deny her obvious talent.  With this role, like many of her  others, she is able to generate so much passion, sensuality, and  exuberance.  Her larger-than-life persona almost &quot;devours&quot; the  film, audience and all.  Personally, I enjoyed when Phillippe's character  was able to take Jolie's down a couple notches. While I liked the film as a  whole, I secretly wanted more screen time for these two actors. Hopefully,  soon these two rising stars will be paired again in another picture.  Hollywood, you better hop to it while you still can afford them!<br />Overall,  Playing By Heart was a wonderful film with smart dialogue, an excellent  cast and a clever ending. This film restored my faith in romance. Well, at  least at the movies.  If you are not in some small way touched by this  picture, I suggest you see your doctor right away.  You might not have a  pulse!ies.  If you are not in some small way touched by this  picture, I suggest you see your doctor right away.  You might not have a  pulse!
B0000214F0|2.0|I thought the &quot;gory&quot; violence was pretty tame (just watch &quot;Hellraiser&quot; to see REAL violence). And I think a lot of these sex scenes were merely put in for shock value.  (See Playboy's film  production of Shakespeare's Macbeth for a tasteful use of sex.)  Was this  film dubbed?   I HATE DUBBED FILMS!  McDowell is great, but I thought his  dance scene looked silly.  I loved Gielgud, and O'Toole's character was  really creepy!
0451191153|5.0|In her book the Fountainhead Ayn Rand writes one of the most compelling narratives ever.  The story makes the book difficult to put down, while the underlying philosophies awaken the reader's since of self.  I can not  praise this story enough and although I do not necessarily agree with all  of Ayn Rand's philosophies, I will continue to promote this book to anyone  willing to listen.
B00003CWL5|5.0|Often as not the hype attached to new releases is totally unjustified. But it is nearly always the case with Hollywood's blockbuster generation of mind-numbing, effects heavy movies. Films such as Titanic,Armageddon,Phantom Menace,Saving Private Ryan and the  vomit-inducing Forrest Gump seem to lack any real depth. There is no  attempt to make the audience think or reflect on life in general. American  Beauty made me realise that America was still capable of producing  thought-provoking films in the way it used to.  Contrary to other reviews  I've read on these pages it does not suggest we all ditch our wonderful  family lives to chase 16 year old girls.It merely suggests that we all live  our lives the way we really wish to live them and not feel the need to  conform to some pre-written script.                                             Rather than fulfilling his role in a farcical marriage that has run it's  natural length of time, Lester opts out and finds out what he's really  about ,starts living his life again ,wakes up basically.                                      His pursuit of his daughter's best-friend could be a  symbol of his quest to find his lost-youth. Kevin Spacey is a wonderfully  charismatic actor and this will no doubt attract an audience who will not  be prepared for a dark portrayal of life as presented in this film. I think  it has a lot to say about the hypocrisy of the times we live in and is  certainly not easy viewing.             Don't watch it if you think the  world is some wonderful utopian paradise and that all movies should try to  represent this. Certainly don't watch it with your mum!                             I've seen this film twice and loved it both times.If you like a film  that allows you to think go for it.
6305807086|5.0|I loved this movie, perhaps the best of 1999.  The performances, especially Malkovich, Dias, and Cusack were innovative and well played.  If you are no twilling to open your mind, even just a little, this movie will  annoy you to no end.
B000000OA6|5.0|I'm a big queen-fan.Of course  know a lot of things about queen.And  also know their lifes.I really love their  other albums but 'innuendo' is express me different feeling.You know that innuendo is the queen's last  album which made with Freddie.And the songs which are in 'innuendo' album  explain me the other side of life.Like 'the show must go on' and 'these are  the days of our lives'.I think this songs give you a different feeling  too.They are the real songs.
0767805712|5.0|This is an excellent film for just about any element you can imagine.  Philosophical insights, inspiring messages, incredibly original vision of the future, awesome performances, great direction and production design,  powerful musical score, intelligent plot, strong atmosphere, and real  character growth, like watching evoloution in elapsed time.  It's a  powerful film that will make you think on several levels, and will surely  heighten your standards for drama.
6304143206|5.0|This movie is one of the best ever made. It is a very emotional film and and presented in a wonderful way. It expresses our innermost feelings which we hardly recognize. It was sad thing that the Academy did not find it fit  for the best film Oscar.
B00000ILDF|5.0|Well, instantly I love David Fincher (I feel like a criminal for missing &quot;The Fight Club&quot;) but even beyond that, this film is a treasure and my defining moment for Sigourney Weaver.  I read an early script draft  of the third installment, and it would have made &quot;Aliens&quot; fans  delirious, but it was so predictable and thoughtless, I was thankful things  ended-up the way they did, even with all of the criticism this film has  recieved.  I almost dislike &quot;Aliens&quot; for removing the emotional  overtones that I enjoyed so much in the first film, and when &quot;Alien  3&quot; decided to expand further into the emotional implications involved  in the saga, I was very content.  And emotion was delivered, atmosphere  gave it nutrients, and the pure story played itself out with a thoughtful  concept of reality meeting the story.  What I mean by reality is the real  character responses. It was no longer a tear for the present situation, but  an almost subconscious emotional response came about.  And all of the  characters were performed very well, with all of the seasoning one could  imagine from the film's reality, and in the same instant it kept the  characters in correlation with the atmosphere, so nothing was over the top.   This is a good film, a great insight into the poetry of horror, the beauty  that is possible in science-fiction.  But it doesn't register to me as  sci-fi, but rather drama, great drama in a setting that is all too  effective and original for anyone to appreciate fully.
B000002H97|5.0|this is a great cd it has some heavy songs on it including Sad but True and Enter Sandman it also has the slower songs like The God That Failed and My Friend of Misery. What a great cd. All these songs are still hits today.  Metallica is the best and proves it on this cd. (Trashcan United, J.V. for  Life)
292199741X|3.0|I have the French copy of &quot;Le Petit Prince&quot; and have been using it to improve my vocabulary. I was disappointed to find out after receiving this audio tape that it is only 40 minutes long, and thus quite a bit of  the text is cut out. Roughly the original text is 15,000 words and the  transcription (included with the tape) is under 6,000 words. I understand  that the use of different voices for different characters can replace some  descriptive phrases, but entire dialogs are missing, and some are changed.  For example, when the Prince first asks for the drawing of a sheep, the  pilot draws a picture of an elephant inside a boa constrictor (which had  baffled his parents when he was young) and the Prince immediately  recognizes it. This was one of the funniest parts, but it is left  out.<br />The voices are fine, sometimes a bit fast for a beginner, and the  music is nice. If anyone knows of a full-length version where the French  speaker is very clear and not too fast, I'd love to hear about it -  dparsavand@yahoo.com.
B000002L7Y|5.0|Ok I just want to take a moment to write a review for this cd. This is the greatest cd ever produced!I can't stop listening to &quot;Take on me&quot; that is my favorite song ever. I can't stop listening to it and I can't  stop watching the music video. Buy this cd at all costs.
B0000009SF|5.0|This album should be absolutely essential to any serious and thorough music collection.  I am huge fan of FZ and I listen to this album as much as, or more, than any of his others.  Having first bought it on vinyl when  it was first released, I have never tired of listening to it over the  years.  It contains some truly wonderful music.  I urge you to get in a  room, douse the lights, relax, and play &quot;Blessed Relief&quot; on a  good stereo system and just see if you aren't transported to some distant  galaxy.  Enjoy!
6304297912|2.0|Yes, it is a very well-done movie. It is one of extremes. If you can handle life in the low levels of the drug scene, then watch this one. If you prefer a more upbeat story, look elsewhere. I loved the Matrix, and  this is nothing like it. I give it a 2 for subject matter/content.
0790729725|2.0|I LIKED IT AND ALL BUT THIS MOVIE IS JUST LIKE ALL THE REST OF THE MAFIA MOVIES KILLINGS,DRUGS,MONEY.NOTHING COULD TOP THE GODFATHER BECAUSE IT'S A ORIGINAL MAFIA MOVIE.THE GODFATHER SHOWS MORE OF A MAFIA LIFE.
B000002IQ9|5.0|I AM NOT ASHAMED TO ADMIT I LOVE PHIL COLLINS AND HAVE MOST OF HIS CD'S,THE SOUNDTRACK TO TARAZAN PROVES HOW TALENTED THIS MAN IS.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|I'll keep this review fairly brief. This album is definitely one of the greatest of all time, every song rocks, especially Hateful, Lost in the Supermarket, Revolution Rock, and London Calling. I cannot think of a  (good) rock group today who doesn't owe The Clash a dollar. Joe Strummer is  one of the most complete musicians of all time, and The Clash were an  amazing group. The Clash obviously influenced today's punk groups like NoFX  and Rancid, but also had large influence on rap/metal bands like 311,  Primus, or Korn. This album is a masterpiece. A great thing to buy.
6305750750|3.0|After watching this video, I realized that the whole time they were just setting up conflicts to be resolved in the sequels.  When I first saw Star Wars: A New Hope, I had no idea that they were going to make more, and I  don't think George Lucas did either.  All throughout Episode I, they caused  all these problems with the young boy, the return of the Sith, and the  election of Senator Palpatine, but none of these were resolved.  I would  have liked to see a little more substance to a movie than just  foreshadowing.
B00003CXA2|5.0|One of the best movies I have ever seen, great learning to all of us, many things we feel were forgotten have been magically risen with this movie. It is a shame that Paramount has not released it in DVD format. Wonder why... as Forrest said... for some unknown reason.
B00003CWOL|5.0|I'm a nice Jewish girl who has tried all her life to understand Christianity, and I have to say that the angel's explanation of &quot;Why Her&quot; to the Last Scion was the very first time I thought it made any  sense.  Blasphemous, I know.<br />Probably the best movie I've every seen.
B000023VR9|5.0|Dr Dre is the best CD I have ever owned!   It rocks!
0783226160|5.0|This is the best frat movie ever!  Any movie that stars John Belushi is great and this one is the best.  Whether it's the parties, the vheating, the sex, or anything else this the best frat movie I've ever seen.  It is a  great family movie but if you have kids under 16 I'd get the PG-13 version.
B00003BDXG|5.0|Natural born killers, a satiric pop culture piece enthralled and shocked me. When viewing at my local theatre I saw it three times in succession. I had never seen quite a display of gratuitous violence and was mesmerized by  its frantic pace and blistering dramatics. My main, and basically only  critical thought would be this: Oliver Stone massacred what was truly a  masterpiece of a script penned by Quentin Tarantino. (I know, because I own  both scripts.) He, as he and Jane Hamsher mentioned in the bonus footage  &quot;created the biggest budget student/experimental film in  history&quot;. (paraphrased) My response?: Fine, just don't do it to a  Quentin script. Whatever Tarantino touches turns to gold while on the other  hand my main man Stone seems to have been cursed with a brown thumb -- at  least in this instance.......
B00000JCB2|5.0|Hey Limp came back with nother rockin album this one kicks sum major @$$ if you ask me, the songs describe life as I live it sometimes and just the cd is great. ..If u like some hard rock and a little rap then get this cd it will have you not stoppin listenin!
6304011431|4.0|Ich habe Powder &quot;faszinierend&quot; gefunden. Warum? Weil sich Powder nicht dem Mainstream angepasst hat und gerade hierdurch seine Strken gefunden hat. Es kommt nicht so sehr auf die Umsetzung des Filmes an,  sondern auf das, was man aussagen wollte. Gerade die Gefhle, die Jeffrey  empfindet, sind doch das Wichtigste in diesem Film. Und diese Gefhle  wurden auf eine sehr angenehme Weise im Film dargestellt. Das dies ohne  groe Aktionbeitrge im Film umgesetzt wurde, hat viele enttuscht. Mich  nicht.
B000002UE1|5.0|DO YOU WANT TO MOMENTARILY STEP BACK IN TIME AND JUST REALLY FUNK OUT?THIS WAS ONE OF THOSE ALBUMS THAT I PLAYED TO DEATH WHEN I WAS 16 AND NOW,WITH THE CD,I'M GETTING GOOSE BUMPS AGAIN LISTENING TO MARK FARNER WAIL OUT HIS  BRAND OF ROCK'N'FUNK AMERICAN STYLE.THERE'S NOT A CLUNKER ON THIS CD AND  YOU REALIZE JUST HOW GREAT THESE 3 GUYS WERE AT PUTTING FORTH AN INCREDIBLE  AMOUNT OF SOUND.THIS IS A MUST-HAVE CD FOR FANS OF GREAT ROCK'N'ROLL.
0790742780|4.0|I see a lot of parallels to Catcher in the Rye in this film.  Take for instance the part where Holden is complaining because he sees a &quot;F*** You&quot; written in the museum: <br /> &quot;That's the trouble, you can't  find a place that's nice and peaceful, because there isn't any.&quot;   <br />That pretty much sums up the movie's premise for me.  Even that snow  thing that he bought for his daughter eventually got destroyed.
B000021Y77|4.0|The commentary by the director and Franka Potente (Lola) is entertaining but not so informative about the movie itself.  They recalled many shooting details, but neglect to really talk about the movie in depth.  Oh, they  speak in perfect English, so don't worry about reading subtitles!
0552124753|5.0|Previous to picking up Terry Pratchett's first Discworld novel I'd never read much SciFi or fantasy except the &quot;Red Dwarf&quot; novels.  Well, I can tell you I've read lots of humorous fiction and I've never found any  other book so consistently hilarious, with so many brilliant characters and  dazzlingly original ideas.  The pages of this book practically leak  imagination out onto your fingers when you pick it up--it's THAT  good.<br />The opening chapter (especially the brilliant bits about the 'Big  Bang' and 'Steady Gait' theory) set the tone for the rest of the novel:  witty, frequently painfully funny but never at the expense of its charming  cast of characters.  Rincewind, Twoflower, the Luggage, the iconograph imp  and Death Himself - all of these characters and more contained with this  one novel as well as everything else, and all of them very entertaining.   I'm so glad there are at least another twenty books to go - otherwise there  would be a lot of people out for Terry Pratchett's blood, me included.<br />I  really really really recommend this book.  I'm not a big fantasy fan  myself, but this series takes the mick out of the whole genre so you don't  have to be.  It's top quality entertainment.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I loved their previous albums, and just loved their sound. Most of these reviews claim that the band has sold out with Enema of the State. Well, they haven't. Who wants to keep hearing the same sound over and over again?  Anyway, songs like What's My Age Again, All the Small Things, and Going  Away to College are great party songs that will have a crowd dancing in no  time. But the guys have shown a more serious side with the unbelievably  great track Adam's Song. I don't know who Adam is, but this song is so good  it's haunting. Buy this album, you won't regret it!
B000002WU9|5.0|Chef Raekwon leaves your mouth watering for more on this one. Magnifeek!(I know the spellings wrong but it doesn't matter man!) This joint comes off deep and reflective with tight lyrics and smooth beats.  Get the cd because  there is a hot bonus track called North Star, that's one of the best on the  album.  You won't be dissapointed.
B000001FC0|5.0|I was probaly 11 when I first started listening to my brother's Tears For Fears cd. It was great and I've listened to it ever since. I'm a big fan now, and that was only 2 years ago. I love 80s music, and if you do too,  this album is a must. It's emotional and has some really great songs on  there. Today, with so many empty songs everywhere, it's nice to listen to  these guys sing with such meaningful and emotional lyrics.
0140288503|5.0|An excellent account of the incident in Mogadishu, of an operation gone wrong. Unlike Tom Clancy's thrillers, where everything American works smoothly and efficiently, this was real-life: poor command, poor planning,  poor communication, poor teamwork. Seems that all the criticisms that   Richard Marcinko writes about in his books about the US Military were vaild  here, despite obvious bravery from the poor soldiers on the ground.  <br />Although very heavily written from the US side, the author tries to  include the Somalian view, though it is submerged under excessive analysis  of their loss.<br />A book worth reading to learn about the reality of a  firefight.
014028009X|5.0|This book left me in stitches! One of those rare books that you cannot put down! Women will relate to Bridgets varied relationships and ups and downs with her self-esteem. A great find! A great gift for a friend looking for  Mr. Right.
B00000K2VZ|5.0|this in my mind is joplins best effort and last effort.  This is a must have for all music lovers truly a pioneer and a artist before her time
B00000JCB3|5.0|It's off the hook!  If you like Nookie and Break Stuff, get the CD I have had it for two months it took me a while 2 get used 2 it, but now i know the words 2 every song Tracks 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 11 12 13 14 and even the  bonus track #16 kicks tail!  It even includes the lyrics
0312853238|5.0|I stumbled across Ender's Game by random luck.  I couldn't put it down.  It is fast-paced and fascinating.  It also got me interested in the rest of the science-fiction and fantasy gender, although I haven't found anything  yet that gets me quite like Ender.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Okay I love this cd!  I even like the first 2 tracks.  In fact, &quot;Find my baby&quot; is one of my favorites.  This album is so eclectic.  There are so many different types of music on this one cd that there is something  for everyone.  This is a must have in my opinion!
B00003CWQ2|4.0|I liked this movie. That is really saying something. I am a minority(a black female), and I usually can't stand violence, and I liked this movie. I saw it because I had heard a lot about it on tv and I was curious. I  thought it was going to be a stupid movie about angry-white-males beating  each other up for no reason. However, what I saw was something smart, and  completely surprising. I thought it was clever, even funny. Even thought it  touched on some interesting issues. It made me think, and any movie that  does that is worth watching to me.
0767809246|5.0|Have you ever seen a movie that truly touched your life? If not I greatly recommend that you see Stand By Me. I love this movie because it is touching, sad, funny, and altogether just a great movie. I also like this  movie because I can whatch it with all my gal pals(can you say River  Phoenix?) and also, It is a great date movie(I would whatch it with any  guy). I think this movie is good for all ages. The whitty remarks and  message is interesting to younge teens, yet I think grown-ups can relate to  it. All these reasons are why I recommend this movie, claim it as my  favorite movie, and give this movie 5 stars.                           xoxo-emmy
630027120X|4.0|this movie was good because it showed that rodigo could change and that he would help the people that he had once hurt. it also showed that the natives were willing to forgive him and allow him to help them.
0393314804|5.0|Welsh is a masterful writer who keeps the novels events simultaneously shocking and entertaining.  Much better at writing about addiction than Stahl. What does the word trainspotting mean, by the way?
B000005IZ8|5.0|This is an edited review... my opinion of Philip Glass has changed since I originally wrote it.  I used to think this album was the only Glass album worth listening to... but by now I own no less than nine different albums.  This is a great albumn and a must have for Glass fans.  The other reviews convey this clearly.  I just had to get rid of my original review.
6304297912|5.0|This is one of the greatest films of the nineties.  The brilliant shots, the amazing characters, it blew me away the first time I saw it.  By the way, does anyone know what the term trainspotting means?
B000035Z3K|4.0|The English version of the movie is the least of the early Universal Horror pictures, or atleast I think so.  If you disagree, you MUST buy this DVD however.  It is seriously cool.  It features THREE versions of the movie.  It has the Spanish language version, shot simultaneously with  different actors, the original English Lugosi one and the same one rescored  with Philip Glass music.  The Spanish one is my favorite.  The Philip Glass  score sometimes helps, but more often detracts.  Sometimes it's hard to  hear the dialogue over it.  Sometimes the silence is creepier in the  original.  It's nice that they offer it as an option, unlike the video  version.
B00001QEE7|5.0|FOREVER! This movie came out when I was two, and I still love it. Its so...captivating, the song (I wanna be where the people are...) gets me every time. I'm singing it next time I have to audition for a play. I  recomend this totally and completely.
6305342776|5.0|I think this is one of the most underrated movies ever. The dialogue is downright awful in some parts and some of the science is just downright wrong (how does Charlie get sucked out into space in the end, but manage to breathe and yell? ). However, it has an overwhelming presence the whole way  through. From the insane captain, Reinhart, to the sentry robots, to  Maximillian to the Black Hole itself, there seem to be insurmountable  obstacles throughout the whole movie. It is a very dark and disturbing  movie. I actually think this movie would have been much more recognized had  it not been released by Disney. It isn't a typical Disney movie. Death is a  central issue in this movie, unlike most Disney movies.<br />(...)The end is wacky. I understand some of it, but hardly  all of it. I'd like to learn what exactly it all means.
B000000WA4|5.0|I bought this album around when it came out, and I've listened to it regularly ever since. I'm 17 now, when it came out, I must have been 12 or so... I grew up with tourette's syndrome, for those of you who know what  that is. I was alienated from everyone... no friends. My parents divorced  when I was five. During the worst times I could always listen to this and  feel I wasn't alone. This album really grows on you, I bought it for 1979,  but the more I listened, I began to like even songs I initially disliked.  I've never been able to completely identify with any music like this. A lot  of people seem to like Bullet with Butterfly wings, but Corgan basically  admitted it was a sellout song. The real gems are mostly on the second  disc, I believe. Some of my favorites(lots) are Mellon Collie,  Tonite,tonite, galapagos, muzzle, and basically the entire blue disc. Not  many of my friends like it, I think maybe some people won't be able to  appreciate, or maybe understand some of this album. But if you do, it has  the power to change you. I still find new things everytime I listen. It's  sound is very unique too, not like anything else I've ever heard. I feel  that it saved me during some terrible times in my life. It's very beatiful,  if you like music as &quot;background music&quot;, or for fun, it's not for  you, but if music touches you deeply and is important to you, do yourself a  favor and buy this. You'll be glad you did.
0440234743|5.0|I think this book is superbly written, the characters are wonderfully depicted and the plot is original. Congratulations to Grisham for churning out yet another great novel.
6305078491|4.0|The film is one of the great ones, but I can only echo the horrified comments of previous reviewers on the poor print quality, appalling use of almost-unreadable subtitles, and the astonishingly poor framing of the  picture. Criterion, come to the rescue, please!
B000007T1M|5.0|This IS a great CD. One of my favorite new hard bands.  The drummer has INSANE talent, along with the guitars.  I admit, the first time I heard the vocals I thought they were a little strange, but that changed in under the  duration of ONE song.  This may not be for everyone, so (I know you people  have Napster) take a listen to an MP3 or two before you buy.  YOU MUST  CHECK THESE GUYS OUT.  They are very talented and very entertaining if you  you are ready for something that may be different to you.
B000002LKF|5.0|I stumbled across this CD years ago when my father bought it. The first song &quot;Obvious Child&quot; is enhanced and carried through with excellent Brazilian percussion instrumentation. A great opener.<br />I hadn't got past the first song on this album for the longest time because  &quot;Can't Run But&quot; did not appeal to me. I figured that the rest of  the album would be dull. A gross misjudgement on my part.<br />&quot;The  Coast&quot;, &quot;Proof&quot;, and &quot;Spirit Voices&quot; carry the  album most of the way and Paul Simon delivers fine music. &quot;Spirit  Voices&quot; (my favorite) includes the vocals of Milton Nascimento and his  voice is heavenly - comparable to the voice of Vusi Mahlasela from S.  Africa.<br />While &quot;Graceland&quot; delivers the spirit of S. Africa,  &quot;Rhythmm of the Saints&quot; has a Brazilian charm. I associate the  rain forest with Brazil, and that it why I think this CD is excellent to  listen to on a rainy day. Although, I'm sure you could listen to it anytime  :)
0345347951|5.0|To say that this is one of the greatest science fiction books of all-time is an almost laughable understatement. It is quite simply one of the greatest books of all-time, in any category. A brilliant masterpiece. There  is a sense of awe and wonder throughout the book, you cannot possibly put  it down. I have read many Clarke books and this is probably his best, with  the possible exception of 2001 (and yes I've read Rendzevous With Rama). If  you are a SF or Clarke fan and you have not yet read this, you should be  ashamed of yourself.
B00000J7JO|4.0|This is the Chili Peppers best so far. The vocals are great and the music funky. Porcelin, and Californication are the two main highlights for me, but overall a very solid album
B00000J7JO|5.0|I have always liked the Chili Peppers, but now they have heavily impressed me not only as a music lover, but also a poet and a heavy thinker. With such delicious songs like &quot;Parellel Universe,&quot;  &quot;Californication,&quot; and &quot;Otherside,&quot; they tickle my  poetic pallate like very very few bands do these days. I would say that  they have reached a Jim Morrison like quality with their poetic lyrics this  time around. That and they're not afraid to say that they like dirt.
0517122707|5.0|This is quite simply the greatest book ever written. The basic premise seems almost ordinary, but in the hands of JK Toole, it becomes a magnificent one man circus, a triumph of crass stupidity over reason and  normality.It is crammed with self- referential &quot;in-jokes&quot;, which  may pass you by on the first reading. The characters are believable,  immaculatley brought to life by the authors incredible style- you can  almost taste the New Orleans atmosphere, and its collection of Vagrants,  losers, lunatics and heroes that are the books cast are observed with  empathy and admiration. The central character is surely the creation of a  genius, and the plotlines draw you in to their spiralling web, until they  collide with uproarious humour in one of literatures truly Great moments.  Few works deserve the title &quot;Masterpiece&quot;- this is surely one.
B000021XR5|5.0|The Stone Temple Pilots, with No. 4, have created a set of 11 songs that, above all, just work right. STP have always been the masters of multiple-genres. Listen to a few tracks on &quot;Core&quot; and then pop in  &quot;Tiny Music&quot; to hear how diverse these talented musicians can  be.<br />What No. 4 does, however, is put it all together on one album. You  want something like the older STP songs? No problem. They knock that with  &quot;Down&quot;, the very first track. Want an adrenaline-soaked guitar  rush? Well that's next with &quot;Heaven and Hot Rods,&quot; a straight-up  rocker that grabs you immediately with an ultra-catchy riff.<br />On their  previous album, the band dabbled in Beatles/Doors-esque pop, and this album  has that, too. &quot;Sour Girl&quot; and &quot;Atlanta&quot; could easily  be mistaken for something that was left off of The Doors box set.<br />As for  the musicianship, the Deleo brothers are in top form. These two have an  amazing ear for catchy pop music. They break out of one of rock's bad  habits by making every song sound unique. Also, the album is short enough  to keep you from ever losing interest.<br />Scott Weiland, previously the  weakest link in the band, has finally figured out how to use that voice of  his to maximum effect. Unlike some of his contemporaries like Eddie Vedder  or Scott Stapp, Weiland has a lot more range vocally, and it finally  actually adds to the musical experience. While listening, I never once  thought that Weiland was holding the band down, like I did before. His  lyrics are still nonsensical for the most part, but at least they're not  ever intrusively annoying.<br />Overall, No. 4 is probably STP's best work  yet. It lacks studio polish, and it's length (and name!) indicates that it  was probably rushed, but no other album that came out in 1999 matched No.  4's intensity. STP has grown up, and once Weiland cleans himself up, his  band could easily stand on equal pedestals with his former alterna-rock  enemies.
B000005ZGZ|5.0|if you havent heard a fugazi album then you are missing out on a unqiue angle to music.  All four members are superb at what they do.  This might take a while to get used to but it worth the wait.
B000002U8A|5.0|In an age where young listeners can barely remember Vanilla Ice, it seems that bands like Duran Duran just seem to fade into the mists of time. It's a shame, because this was one of the best bands of the 1980's. Songs like  The Reflex deserve a re-listening to. This is one of the definitive Gen-X  coming of age LP's and the Echo-Boomers ought to check it out. Yes, their  haircuts are painful to look at now, be those of us between 28-35 spent  hours trying to emulate them. This album is not as good as Arena, but still  a classic...
B00000J7SO|5.0|A great Dylan album, but not his best. Street Legal is a very enjoyable album. Changing of the Guards is excellent. One of Dylan's best.
0800177177|3.0|This movie is one of the most visually disturbing movies in the history of mankind. It has good scenery, and some very original special effects. This is probably the movie of it's time (not saying it is a good one). I have  two complaints about this movie, though. The first one is the amount of  blood. In very scene there seems to be fallons of blood splashing on  someone or it is dripping from a cross, or it is come from the Virgin  Mary's eyes, or it is smothered across someone's face. There is so much  taht it seems that they had to have more than fifty trucks of red paint to  make this movie. The book didnt have NEARLY as much blood in it, and they  shouldnt make it so the movie has to.  The other complaint is the nudity.   In every other scene with &quot;miss Lucy&quot;, she seems to be ripping  off her gown and showing off her breasts in just about every scene that she  is in. Not good. There is also scenes where three of Dracula's vixens are  topless and trying to seduce Keanu Reeves. There is much sex in this movie,  unlike any other movie that is based on the same story.     This movie was  very good, but it xhould have stayed out of the theatres.
6304808038|5.0|This film was actually released in 1973, not in 1968 as stated above. It simply is one of the greatest films ever made. A real suspense roller coaster ride! If you've never seen it- you're in for a real treat. See this  one, then see &quot;Deathtrap&quot; also starring Michael Caine. If you  love one, you'll love the other!
B00000064G|5.0|Unlike most other reviews, I had never heard of this guy...glad I did.  Found the artist by way of the VW site.  My comment was if this guy's whole album is similar to the commercial, I have to have it.  Glad I did.
6304808038|5.0|This film was actually released in 1973, not in 1968 as stated above. It simply is one of the greatest films ever made. A real suspense roller coaster ride! If you've never seen it- you're in for a real treat. See this  one, then see &quot;Deathtrap&quot; also written by Anthony Shaffer and  also starring Michael Caine. If you love one, you'll love the other!
B000000W5N|4.0|I like this Stones album; in fact I like most of the albums that the Stones have made so far. And I like the Beatles too. In fact I enjoy hearing  the Beatles and the Stones records: why, you people, do you have  to compare all the time the Beatles work to the Stones one?  Sister  morphine, dead flowers, you gotta move and especially brown sugar are my  favourite ones!
6304808038|5.0|This film was actually released in 1973, not in 1968 as stated above. It simply is one of the greatest films ever made. A real suspense roller coaster ride! If you've never seen it- you're in for a real treat. See this  one, then see &quot;Deathtrap&quot; also starring Michael Caine. If you  love one, you'll love the other!
0792841344|5.0|Phantasm on Dvd is awesome!It contains a enormous amount of interesting extras on the dvd version.Including feature-length commentary by Don Coscarelli,a old interview with Don ans Angus Scrimm.A home-movie outtakes  with Reggie Bannister and Don Coscarelli commenting.A great transfer  also,the colors are much brighter too.All in all great fun.Booyyyyyyy!
6304808038|5.0|This film was actually released in 1973, not in 1968 as stated above. It simply is one of the greatest films ever made. A real suspense roller coaster ride! If you've never seen it- you're in for a real treat. See this  one, then see &quot;Deathtrap&quot; also written by Anthony Shaffer and  also starring Michael Caine. If you love one, you'll love the other!
0767836324|5.0|Steven Spielberg's &quot;Hook&quot;, and like so many of his other films, contains so much magic, and unforgettable scenes,characters, and moments, it is overwhelming. This film is one of the most visionary and magical ones  i think i have ever seen. Steven Spielberg is truly a genius. If you are a  fan of his movies, or you just want to be whisped away to a world away from  the one you live in, then you must buy this film. It is a must.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Jennifer Lopez's album is one of the best I thought. After I heard &quot;If You Had My Love&quot; last summer, i knew i had to get the album. On The 6 has many differnt tones a styles of music on it. For instance:  &quot;If You Had My Love&quot; is a classic r&amp;b/pop hit. &quot;Feelin'  So Good&quot; is a great hip hop track, &quot;Waiting For Tonight&quot; is  a hot club track and &quot;Should've Never&quot; is a refreshing jazz song.  This album has something for everyone. Go Get it!
B0000025P9|4.0|Overall, Toto IV is great music, no bones about it.  It covers the entire range of emotion, from heartbreak to exuberance.  I feel these guys were severely underrated in the '80s (even I admit I underrated my review of  their album &quot;Turn Back&quot;). However, I must say the second half of  Toto IV (except for &quot;Africa&quot;) is a little slow and the songs  don't hold my interest nearly as much as the first side.   &quot;Rosanna&quot; goes on my list of the 25 best pop songs ever.
B000002UZ1|4.0|I'd strongly suggest picking up all of their (major) albums instead, from &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; through &quot;Let It Be&quot;.  This is only a taste of what The Beatles have to offer, and it's impossible to cram it all  onto a few measely compact discs.  Every one of their albums is a greatest  hits compilation onto itself.  I also hate to see some of their songs  ripped out of their context.  If you remove any song from its context on an  album from &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; on, you're committing a crime.<br />In any  case, a perfect introduction for those new to the Fab Four (how many of you  still exist?).
B00003CXA6|5.0|The archtypical battle of the Civil War is well-portrayed in this adaptation of Michael Shaara's &quot;The Killer Angels&quot;.  Like the book, and to its credit, the film is more about the men than the  battle.<br />The first half of the film focuses primarily on Joshua Lawrence  Chamberlain and the actions of the 20th Maine at Little Round Top.  This  professor-turned-soldier, superbly played by Jeff Daniels, was perhaps the  finest embodiment of the American ideal of the citizen soldier - not born  to war, but prepared to pick up the sword when necessary.  Thoughtful, yet  decisive; compassionate, but resolute.<br />The second half of the film deals  with the final day of battle - Pickett's Charge.  Generals Lee (Martin  Sheen) and Longstreet (Tom Beringer) are examined - Lee's firm (though, in  this case, flawed) generalship, and Longstreet's internal struggle between  doing his duty or following an order that might (and did) cost hundreds of  lives.<br />Throughout the film, other noteworthy performances are to be found  as well.  Sam Elliot is inspiring as General Buford, Union hero of the  first day of battle.  Sergeant &quot;Buster&quot; Kilain, played by Kevin  Conway, well demonstrates the sort of &quot;ordinary courage&quot; that  many people today (myself included) find so extraordinary.  <br />But perhaps  the single best performance in the film is that of the late Richard Jordan  in the role of Confederate General Lewis Armistead - his last film role.   The story of Armistead and his friend, Union General Hancock, is the entire  Civil War writ small - brother against brother, friend against friend.   Armistead's filial affection for Hancock is examined, and his courage under  fire and inspiring leadership show well during the scenes of Pickett's  Charge.<br />Most interestingly, none of the characters comes off as a *bad*  person - everyone is a good guy, everyone is a sympathetic character.   Previous reviews notwithstanding, the men who fought the Civil War were  often deeply religious, and this is well portrayed [unlike so many films  these days which tend to mock people of faith (particularly Christians)].   To me, this goodness only heightens the tragedy of America's bloodiest  war.<br />But...<br />The movie isn't just about people, but events as well.  The  re-creations of the elements of the overall battle are superbly done,  thanks in no small part to the thousands of Civil War reenactors who  participated (gratis) in the making of this film.  The combat at Little  Round Top is accurate (within the bounds of filmmaking), but most  impressive was the entire Pickett's Charge sequence - thousands and  thousands of men walking the same ground as did those men who marched to  their fates in 1863; it nearly brought a tear to my eye to see it.   <br />There are not enough superlatives to describe this film.  It is utterly  magnificent.<br />This was and is my favorite film.  Buy it.
B000001DQI|4.0|I think this was a turning point in his career- when commercialism began to matter maybe more than artistic excellence- even though this album has plenty of the latter.  I do not think Elton knew how to deal with his fame  and got carried away with his ego and less with his abilities.  His albums  AFTER this one do not come close to the earlier ones like Tumbleweed,  Madman, Honky Chateau or Don't Shoot Me. GYBR is a very good album- with  some great material. A few of my favorites are Sweet Painted Lady, Grey  Seal, All the Young Girls Love Alice, Funeral/Love Lies Bleeding, Danny  Bailey, I've Seen that Movie too.  Definitely worth buying!  I just wish  Elton hadn't lost his amazing creative touch captured in large part on this  album.
0802130208|3.0|I actually liked the book.  It's so life-like. I know far too many people that are just as awful and obnoxious as the charecters in it.  Very vivid, very depressing.  The only character I would really want to spend time with  was the cloud of smoke that is Jones.  The book was worth it just for  Jones.<br />My main problem with the book was that it failed to make me laugh.   This wouldn't be a problem normally.  I don't expect books to be  laughfests as a rule, but everyone said &quot;Oh, it's soo hilarious!  I  was cracking up the whole time I read it!&quot;  So I had to read it for a  literature class.  My teacher said it is a masterpeice.  It won the  Pulitzer Prize!  So I was expecting to laugh this time.  But I couldn't.   It was just too depressing.  I told my teacher I didn't think it was funny.   He asked my classmates if they thought it was funny and they all said yes.   My teacher quoted Jonathon Winters, who said that the scariest person in  the world is someone without a sense of humor.<br />So maybe I don't have a  sense of humor, but I find it difficult to see the point of laughing at  miserable people who make each other more miserable.  There are also a lot  of sex jokes and a lot of jokes about passing gas, but I can get that from  Beavis and Butthead.<br />My teacher also said the whole book was about scorn.   It is supposed to make you feel beter about yourself because you're not as  horrible as the people in the book, but I think my ego was okay without  having read this book.  <br />But I liked Toole's style.  The dialogues and  descriptions are wonderful.  The book is great as a description of the  burgeoning chaos of the early sixties.  It just didn't make me laugh.
B000002UEB|5.0|It's really too bad that I'm only allowed to rate this ablum with 5 stars because it just doesn't do justice to the grandure of this album. I don't even think an infinite number of stars would do justice on rating this  album. I find it hard to believe that it's been 12 years since the release  of this album. I was 13 when I first heard it, and now I'm 25 and I still  listen to it as if it were the first time hearing it. Everytime I hear it  EVERY SONG grabs me and jerks my emotions. The album just never gets old  and to me that quality is what sets a PHENOMENAL group apart from a band  that ends up on &quot;Where Are They Now&quot;. Thank God for bands like  Queensryche. This is my favorite album EVER!
B000007MVU|3.0|While the other three Beatles used their solo debuts as &quot;declarations of independence&quot;, Ringo used his debut as a gift for his mom.  For that, I tip my hat to him.  This collection of tin pan alley standards may  not inspire millions to rush out and snatch up every Sinatra album they can  find but it does make for pleasant listening.  This album deserves to be  heard at least once.
B00003CWRX|5.0|'Expert Craftsmanship' is the only way to describe this movie. Sublime performances by Al Pacino and Christopher Plummer. But Russell Crowe does more than prove he is a good actor and creates an astonishing  characterization of Jeffrey Wigand, he really gets under this guy's skin  and ultimately 'becomes' Wigand.  Great use of sound and editing, the  hand-held cinematography created an extremely realistic and intense  atmosphere, also great background music. There are some truly awe-inspiring  scenes, one of these such scenes is when Wigand is sitting alone in his  hotel room and Lowell Bergman (Pacino) is on a beach trying to get him on  the phone, and then we see the walls of the hotel room remind Wigand of  what he loved most and lost. Attention to detail and expert direction by  Michael Mann. One of the best films of 1999. Only flaw is that Al Pacino's  character was over-idealized, but maybe it was the only way to make us  believe that he didn't manipulate Wigand into doing it. A Must-See. From a  scale of 1-10 I give this film a 9!
B000002UCQ|5.0|1970 saw the end of the Beatles (represented by the dismal _Let it Be_ album) and the debut of John, Paul, George and Ringo as solo artists.  While each of the former fabs' releases of that year had something to  recommend it (Okay, I admit it!  I get a somewhat guilty pleasure out of  listening to _Beaucoups of Blues_!), Harrison's _All Things Must Pass_  stands out as the grand statement of a Beatle freed.<br />Harrison's  songwriting had grown by leaps and bounds in the last two years of the  Beatles' existence.  Songs such as &quot;While My Guitar Gently  Weeps&quot;, &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot;, &quot;Something&quot;, and  even &quot;Old Brown Shoe&quot; stood tall beside the increasingly  fragmented songwriting of Lennon and McCartney.<br />_All Things Must Pass_  opens with the incredibly beautiful &quot;I'd Have You Anytime&quot;  followed by the smash hit &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot;.  The third song,  however, stands out above all the rest on the album.  The  snickeringly-titled &quot;Wah-Wah&quot; is a brilliant marriage of great  rock and roll, Phil Spector's wall of sound production, and George's anger  and frustration with his former bandmates (especially McCartney).  This is  perhaps the most played track on this reviewer's CD.<br />The quality of the  music remains high throughout the album.  The second hit from the album,  &quot;What is Life&quot;, is carried by an infectuous guitar riff and great  Spector production.  Other highlights include Bob Dylan's countrified  &quot;If Not for You&quot;, the cautionary hymn &quot;Beware of  Darkness&quot;, and the &quot;Hey Jude&quot;-like &quot;Isn't it a Pity  (Version 1)&quot; (The second version is good, but redundant.  It probably  should have been used as a B-side or maybe even an independent  single).<br />The quality of this music is so high that it more than makes up  for the last disc of pleasant but ultimately forgettable instrumental  jams.<br />_All Things Must Pass_ is the glorious statement ofan artist ready  to stand tall on his own.  No serious record collection should be without  it.
B00000JWVO|5.0|This video is excellent. John Partridge was amazing (not to mention gorgeous!) as the Rum Tum Tugger and Drew Varley was also great as Mungojerrie. i didn't like Michael Gruber much, his voice was satisfactory  but his portrayal of Munkustrap was really boring and i skip most of 'Pekes  and Pollicles'.
B000002UCN|2.0|The low rating does not reflect the quality of what's on this album.  It reflects wasted potential.  As of 1976, the year this compilation was first released, George was probably the second most successful former Beatle  behind Paul.  And yet, when it came time to put together a &quot;best  of&quot; collection, they filled half of it with Beatles songs!<br />Don't get  me wrong.  Every song on here is either very good or great.  But chances  are that most people who originally bought this already had every Beatles  album, making this 50% redundant.  Instead of yet another rehashing of  &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot;, each of  which were already available on TWO Beatles collections, we could have had  some more obscure, yet worthy, tracks such as &quot;Wah-Wah&quot;,  &quot;Sue Me Sue You Blues&quot;, &quot;Living in the Material World&quot;,  or even &quot;Ding Dong Ding Dong&quot; (as silly as this song is, it's  quite catchy).<br />I agree with the reviewer below that this collection  should be revamped &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;-style especially now that  the individual albums (except for _All Things Must Pass_) are now out of  print in the U.S.
B00004S8Q9|4.0|I got this disc about a week ago, and have listened to it about 10 times.  What a shame that Ray Gillan isn't with us anymore, I think his singing is the best here of the three Badlands CD's. Very much in the low register ala  classic Coverdale, Gillan, Hughes. The rhythym section is spot-on.  And  Jake! ...well, simply put, he is probably the most underated hard  rock/metal player of the last 20 years.  Again, he stays away from his  enormous ability for finger tapping solos that he established himself as a  master of with Ratt and Ozzy and just grooves with some excellent melodic  rock lines.  Bravo Jake!  Hope to see you live on stage again my brother...   (the only criticisms on this CD are that the tracks sometimes seem  unfinished, especially in the lyrics, [but it might just be my  imagination], and a curious song where Sammy Hagar's &quot;Heavy  Metal&quot; and the song &quot;Peace Dog&quot; by the Cult are combined  into one song.)
B00000JJQK|5.0|... you are only fooling yourselves, comparing The Beatles with the Beach Boys.  Pitting the talent of Lennon and McCartney against Brian Wilson is an enormous oversight.  The correct comparison is Brian Wilson and George  Martin, without whom The Beatles would have never overcome their limited  ability to arrange and produce.  Brian though, he did it all.<br />Pet Sounds  -- a five-star production from one of the most complete artists to ever  visit the business.<br />-----
0440219078|5.0|I read The Giver in 5th grade, and have reread it many times since.  The plot line that the back cover gives is nowhere near as complex as the actual book is.  There are many questions that arise as the book goes on, questions of morality. You have to totally letyourself into the characters  mind.  This book intrigued me because you have to really think to  comprehend the&quot;big picture&quot; and not just the &quot;scene&quot;  that goes on inside it.  I strongly recommend this book to children and  adults alike.  It is a moving novel that will stick with you forever.
B000006ZZV|5.0|I saw this cover at Tower Records (Buenos Aires) in a listening station. I put the headphones on and I couldn't believe her voice. She really sings with her soul and her heart. I'm expecting to see her in my country soon!
B0000042H4|4.0|First of all, let me say this - the Ring Cycle is so massive, complex and towering that a perfect recording is impossible.  This 1958-65 cycle was the first studio recording, and it is still the most popular.  Listening to  it, I find that Solti, maybe the greatest Wagner conductor of that time, is  very strong - but even he has his weaknesses.  Some of the lyrical moments  of the cycle are not as moving as they might be.  He is at his best in the  loud, dramatic sections - he values momentary effect over the structure for  the long-run.  But he still produces a wonderful interpretation, playing to  his strengths and covering over his weaknesses as much as possible.  <br />      The Vienna Philharmonic must have a paragraph all to itself.  Its playing  in this cycle is perhaps the finest orchestral playing I have ever heard.   The shimmer of the strings, the power of the brass, the sweetness of the  woodwind - unbelievable.  This wonderful orchestra contributes  significantly to the effect of this &quot;Ring.&quot;<br />     The soloists  are very good, if not quite glorious.  Birgit Nilsson is an excellent  Brnnhilde, though sometimes the cold steeliness of the voice detracts from  the value of her performance.  Kirsten Flagstad is still the benchmark  Brnnhilde.  Wolfgang Windgassen is also excellent, but he is more lyric  than helden.  He makes up for the lack of an outstanding instrument with  outstanding interpretation and insight.  Melchior is probably the best  Siegfried ever.  Hans Hotter is really superb as Wotan - almost flawless.   His voice is past its prime, but his insight and interpretation are so  wonderful and magnificent that it more than makes up for any loss of  richness in the voice.  Gustav Neidlinger as Alberich is every bit as good  - his voice is ideally suited to the role and he uses it very well.  His  interpretation of Alberich is almost frighteningly intense.  Gottlob Frick  is superb as both Hunding and Hagen - playing the latter, his voice takes  on a blackness and hugeness that is menacing, frightening and evil.  I  would rather have heard Jon Vickers than James King as Siegmund, but King  is very good.  Rgine Crespin is very good as Sieglinde, though she  sometimes gets a bit shrill.  Gerhard Stolze as Mime is astonishing - the  voice is definitely unpleasant - but it helps portray Mime for what he is -  a snarling, cowardly, selfish, evil dwarf.  All the other roles are well  taken.      So ... this is a very good recording of the Ring.  There are  many others out there that many people prefer, but I think this one is  still the best, thirty or forty years after its first release.
B000002GF8|4.0|Before Sting fell in love with vapid pseudo-jazz, before Pop reverted to thinly-disguised disco, before Metal collapsed into shred, before American radio completely abandoned Rock...Synchronicity!  A great album from a  nearly great band.  Sting was a fine writer before his ego got too bloated,  this album is the proof.  He ended up leaving it all behind to make John  Tesh-like albums of aural wallpaper, but I still put this CD on and can  forget his lamer moments.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Ok SLipknot is nuts and insane I was like Wait and Bleed how raw can that get. DOn't get me wrong KoRn is the all around best hardcore band because they have been providing dope beats for like the last 5 years but Slipknot  is so good that they need tjere own catagory...they really don't fall in  the same catagory as korn . KoRn and Slipknot to awesome bands two  different music genres
B000002AZ8|5.0|Bugs is one of my all time favorites . . .
B00000JCOV|5.0|to any of you that thought KoRn was the heaviest band to rock the 20th century then i've got news for ya. Slipknot is way harder. this album has awesome drum beats, tight guitar rifts and an extreamly emotional and loud  donation from #8 (corey). so if ure thinking about getting this kick a$$  album, stop thinking an buy it already!  Peace
6305718954|4.0|The movie was very thought provoking and sheds a different light on the church than they would have liked. It shows that although the Catholic Church is important in supporting the teachings of Christ,it is just that  and not the personal voice of God. The alternate ending was different and  it was real difficult to not pay attention to it's message. This is a must  have DVD if you like thought provoking films that question your faith and  beliefs. Enjoy!
0393307050|1.0|I bought this book after hearing and reading all the hype about the series and was really looking forward to it. But I must second the few other reviewers here who did not like it.  I wish I had paid more attention to  their comments.<br />I am not a sailor and the text is so full of technical  terms (it is truly a technical tour-de-force), I probably understood only  10% of what I read. I recommend A Sea of Words by Dean King to those of you  who like, but don't understand, this series. It is an essential companion  work for the non-sea-going reader. Indeed, I think the publisher would have  done readers a tremendous favor by including a glossary at the end of the  novel.<br />I expected some technical terms and information, but all the  reviews I had read emphasized the character development. What character  development? At the end of the book, I knew little more about Aubrey and  Maturin than I did when I started and what I learned didn't much interest  me.<br />Even the battle scenes were repetitive and boring. I stuck it  through to the end, but I have rarely been more bored by a work of  fiction.<br />I strongly suggest that potential buyers borrow or browse a copy  before buying to find out if they're part of the majority or the minority.  If the first couple of pages bore one, as they did me, so will the rest of  the book.
6304117302|5.0|Oh, yeah.  This is the best movie I have ever seen.  Daniel Day Lewis is awesome in it.  Who cares if it is 8 years old, you have to see it if you appreciate good movies!
6305350205|1.0|Star Trek goes in search of God and blows him up with a photon torpedo - that's how I describe this show to my friends. I refused to watch ST VI for years because I was so insulted by this movie.<br />&quot;One God... many  faces&quot; &quot;God is in here (puts hand on heart)&quot;<br />I'd rather  have root canal therapy.
0792151712|3.0|I guess it was ok but it got really boring.There are better movies out there people and I would NOT recommend this to anyone.
B00002MZ2C|2.0|Deserves 2.5 stars.  This CD lacks the aggression and climatic song endings which were on the first two albums.
0790729725|1.0|I loved Cape Fear, I loved Casino.  GoodFellas:Same actors,same director.  GoodFellas: terrible. Why:This is up in my three leastfavorite movies of all time category.  My other least favorites are:Office Space and Payback.  It's so boring.  I didn't care what happened to the characters.  I didn't care if anyone got killed.  I was so bored i almost cried. ...  I hate having to watch a whole movie from the worst character's point of view.  The main character of this started doing drugs near the end.  His mind got all messed up.  If you like maffia movies, see Casino.  It's more exciting, dramatic, and watchable than Goodfellas.
B0000028RR|5.0|This album gets my vote for the album of the 1990's decade. One of the most innovative CD's for this genre.  Without this CD Korn, Limp, and the other clones would probably not be around.
B000002BQK|5.0|Despite what everyone says about 'Butterfly', i think it is her best work, far better than her current album Rainbow. Artistically, this is the best also as the songs are written the best, out of all her albums.<br />Honey, the  lead single is just gooing with R&amp;B and hip hop. Butterfly, the title  track is in my opinion the best track on the album, and the best song ever  sang and written by Mariah Carey. It brought tears to my eyes the first  time I heard it. My All, another single is a powerful ballad. The Roof  &amp; Fourth Of July are beautiful songs in which Carey sings a story, a  story no one else could tell. Breakdown is a fun R&amp;B/hip hop song, and  the groove in Babydoll is awesome. Close My Eyes is another highlight on  the album, very sad song. Whenever You Call is a powerful ballad and  another highlight of the album. Fly Away is a dance remix of her song  Butterfly. The Beautiful Ones, a duet with Dru Hill, a cover of the 1984  Prince hit, is also excellent. Finally, Outside is a very powerful song to  end the album, dealing with being on the outside.<br />Overall this collection  is a must have. It tells the story of how Mariah felt at that point in her  life and the lyrics are just captivating. Very good work Mariah.  Unfortunately on Rainbow the quality in songs lyrically and musically went  down compared to this album. This is her best work to date.
0140288503|5.0|Sadly, modern warfare is &quot;fed&quot; to the American public in a very sanitized, video-game sort of fashion. We don't see some of the horrific images our parents and grandparents saw. As a result, unfortunately, the  ordinary soldier gets overlooked. &quot;Black Hawk Down&quot; bucks that  sanitized look at war by dropping you into the midst of a horrifying  battle.<br />I read a lot of historical works, and this book is sure to go  down as one of the classics of military history as time progresses. Very  few historians are able to capture an account of battle in all its  confusion, horror, and other emotions. But thanks to a tremendous amount of  research, a journalist manages to pull it off. This book has the effect of  a punch in the face, because it does show the risk our soldiers faced in  Somalia, and how lucky they were not to rack up more casualties. <br />My only  criticism of the book is that the author seems to make no judgments in his  lengthy conclusion and afterword. While making judgments are not always a  good thing in documenting history, this operation screamed for some fault  to be doled out to any variety of people - from Clinton on down. There were  tactical errors aplenty, a doomed policy (trying to settle a centuries-old  clan war), and other things that contributed to the outcome of this  incident. To have pointed them out throughout the book, then not hold  anyone/anything accountable in nearly 30 pages of personal opinion (the  conclusion and afterword) seems to be a glaring omission.<br />That criticism  aside, the account of the battle itself is outstanding and reads very  quickly. Once the action gets rolling, it's hard to put this book down. I  would recommend it as a must-read, because it is operations like this need  to be factored into future situations where men are called into combat. Not  that it be an excuse not to go to war; simply so that as technology  advances, we don't forget the human aspects of warfare.
6301697707|3.0|this is a pretty good horror movie.   I would suggest this movie to die hard horror fnas though.
6304806434|4.0|Well, ha.ha,ha, good movie boys , ok, now for the serious effect, Con Air is your above average action movie , the great acting , John Malkovich was great as well theman blamed for killing more people than cancer . The  acting from all of the actors was very good . SO just concider this a  guilty pleasure movie. for people in the mood for explosions and stunts
B00003XACV|5.0|Who would think that this score, would become my favourite one. From the moment I stepped into the world of American Beauty I was astonished, the movie not only kept my attention for its great story, but also for its  amazing score. It wouldn't be the same without it.Once again Thomas Newman  know how to keep our spirit alive with his incredible score. It is a pity  that this score didn't got the Oscar, but even so, it will be in my memory  forever.
B00000255F|5.0|&quot;Born to Run&quot; is a Litmus test for your soul. It doesn't matter how old you are.  It doesn't matter how many times you've sold out.  It doesn't matter if you at age 18 would like you at age 40 if the two of you  met.  If you can still &quot;get&quot; this album; congratulations, your  soul is still alive and there's hope for you.  Sell the Camry, and use part  of the money for a motorcycle, a helmet and leather jacket.  Use the rest  of the money to take that ride out to California on U.S. 50 that you  dreamed of taking when you were 18.<br />If you don't get it; if it is just a  bunch of noise to you, it is time to lay down and get measured for the box.  (P.S., it might take 4 or 5 listenings to wake your soul back up, if it's  been asleep for more than 5 years.)
B000001DWG|5.0|I would recommend this fantastic album to   everyone.  Andrew Wood (lead singer) and his band create groundbreaking music which lead to the development of a sound later popularised by bands such as Pearl Jam.  That  said, the music of Mother Love Bone has it's own distinctive style.  Andrew  Wood's lyrics are intelligent and poetic.  It is a great shame this  talented musician is no longer with us.
B000031XCR|1.0|Celine Dion's &quot;All The Way&quot; is a complete showcase of maudlin sentimentality.  On the surface you may be impressed by how many hits she has had, but if you think about it for a second, all her songs are the  same.  A slow, sleep-inducing melody, insipid lyrics about love, and Celine  Dion singing WAY too loud - she doesn't know how to be subtle.  Anyway, if  you need to hear &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; again (as if it hasn't  already been played enough), that is on here, as well as all her other dull  and predictable hits.  I would suggest you listen to some music with a  pulse, you will forget Celine Dion ever existed.
B000005QH3|5.0|After seeing this movie in '71, a year before obtaining my driver's licence, it truly influenced my driving skills and my love for high performance American horse power.  Seeing the movie now almost a hundred  times over, I know the dialog word for word.  This is a cult classic to be  shared with those 70's era Mopar fanatics who too have seen this movie in  it's various cuts at the local driveins. (And attemped to drive just as  fast as Kowalski did after they left the drivein).  Having the sound track  on LP(vinyl) and the movie on VHS, I can revisit my obsession with this  film and sound track when ever I feel the need to reassure myself for need  of controlled speed.  Remember, they used several Challengers during the  filming and you can see some of the different cars throughout the film if  you have a sharp eye.  For those who can fix the frame of the movie just  after Kowalski makes impact and someone is spraying water on the wreckage,  they can see the the car is a white Camaro.  Look at the vent windows on  the door frame.  Challengers did not have these!  For those with a really  sharp eye and a large screen can see the Camaro script on the truck lid  also.  For those newer viewers, sit back and enjoy a pre Dukes of Hazzards  true car chase.  It doesn't get any better than this. (Unless we can get it  on DVD along with a CD version of the excellant music sound track! Hint,  Hint!)
B00000337U|2.0|The redeeming feature of this music is the writing of Michael Gibbs which does show some originality and the title track is a work worth hearing. Otherwise, the music is very much part of the fashionable funk of its day  and just does not stand up to repeated listenings. OK as background music  at a party but really pretty boring rhythmically, few interesting solos,  and clunky melodies.  Try Burton's Duster instead.
B000002U82|5.0|Quite possibly, thier greatest work is DSOTM.  I don't use drugs and I'm only 21.  But I love this CD.  Us and Them is lyrical poetry. (...)  Pink Floyd was ahead of thier time on this one, and always will be.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|This movie is simply amazing. Not everyone will love it, but my believe is that people who love this movie has something inside them. Something good.
6305095442|5.0|I am not a gore freak. I have never opened a copy of Fangoria, don't own a single Todd McFarlane Movie Maniacs figure, and do not have a Tobe Hooper shrine/website. I love good movies, despite the genre, and &quot;DEAD BY  DAWN&quot; is one of my favorites, right up there with Coen Brothers films,  American Beauty, or the Godfather. It is also one of the most disturbing  movies I love. I know it is equal parts slapstick and grand guinol, but I  get uncomfortable watching alone at night. That propulsive steadicam work  freaks me out (no, I am not a stoner, either), and I feel winded at the  sheer velocity and relentlessness of the thing. AND I always watch this and  wonder why Bruce Campbell is not a gigantic star...? But I'm curious, did  anybody else feel cheated by the Army of Darkness sequel? It seemed kinda  flat and unimaginative after this...
B000002AH7|5.0|I'm not a jazz aficionado, but this recording caught my attention about 15 years ago, when it was already more than 20 years old.  It has the spare, elegant quality of very fine classical music.  I highly recommend it.
1560689986|5.0|I have never seen anything as funny as him singing always look on the bright side of life on the cross
B000002HRE|2.0|So, Metallica tried somthing new, and they called sell-outs.  However, they did not sell out, they got old.  And, in some cases that can be just as bad. Re-Load has two good songs on it. Fuel and Memory Remains. What is  really eerie, is the Re-Load and Load, are Metallica's version of GNR's Use  Your Illusion albums.  Ballads laiden with riffs from hell. As I said  Garage Inc.  This sore thumb of an album signifies the loosning of  Metallica's unearthly hold of this world.
068484267X|3.0|The story is interesting, mainly for the history it entails.  The characters aren't greatly developed and Frank (and Angela) are stoic, at best.  McCourt's style of writing is difficult to read and I found myself  having to reread paragraphs to get the gist of some things.  However, he  doesn't waiver from the story (so I guess that makes the style  &quot;easier&quot;).  Overall, it's a good book.  Worth reading, however  depressing it is.  Just don't get in a hurry or you'll lose half of it.   Makes you laugh, makes you cry, good ending.  I'm sorry the movie didn't do  it justice.
6305426651|5.0|This movie deserves to be watched in Italian. The beautiful sound of the language puts your mind in a setting that makes the english subtitles almost disappear. How this movie could be a comedy about the Holocaust, but  still hold room for a tearful ending is beyond me. All I know is that the  filmakers did a splendid job with this film.
0060392584|5.0|I read this book cover to cover in a  matter of days! It is very intense, very graphic &amp; extremely interesting! It made me admire Marilyn Manson even more. Reading about his family, friends, relationships &amp; childhood  made him seem more a real person as opposed to an icon. I thoroughly  recommend this book!
0684874350|5.0|Superb book.  Tears at your heart, and makes you want to scream and laugh all at the same time.  A very good reminder to show compassion for those less fortunate.
B00000AFGM|5.0|Wow, this is sooooo different from antichrist. This new kind of clinical sound really suits with what manson's doing right now, it sort of makes you realise that the world IS huge and empty. I love every song on there, you  never need to programme the cd player to skip stuff coz it all rocks!
630575067X|5.0|There are so many annoying and niggling faults with this movie that under normal circumstances it would be classed as a real turkey. But, George Lucas has an uncanny knack for storytelling and an unrivaled sense  of  imagination. Don't get me wrong, The Phantom Menace is a great movie but is  a pale shadow of it's predecessors. The most noticeable problem is that of  characterisation. The characters are quite soulless and deliver lines in  robotic fasion , lacking the passion of the earlier Star Wars movies . That  said, the pod race and final lightsabre fight in particular are  exhilarating and the movie does retain a Star Wars feel to it. If only  Lucas could pace episode 2 better than episode 1, which did drag in scenes  on Tattoine and those involving the political debates with the senate, we  could see a much improved sequel.
6305750750|2.0|I'll make this short -- Episode One is suitable for kids only. However, it's a pity kids today don't have a better film to bond to, like I did over 20 years ago.
B000001Y2U|5.0|This is in my opinion one of Manson's best cd's, and I would highly recommend it anyday to anyone. It has very heavy moments, and on the other end of the spectrum, very soft ones. If you don't own it already, buy this  CD now!
B00003CWRX|5.0|One critic said of American Beauty in relation to the Oscar nominations:  &quot;This is the one nominated film that gels on its own (flawed) terms&quot;.<br />This comment actually applies more to The Insider.  Director  Michael Mann deserves much of the credit for this film's artistic merit and  crackling-sharp narrative drive and characterizations, but it's also on  this film that some of Mann's strengths become weaknesses:<br />The look of  the film is a little too slick, shot in the same style as Heat (no  surprise, with cinematographer Dante Spinotti helming both films).  Some of  the editing is baffling, with an unusual number of continuity breaks, and  the predominance of the handheld camera isn't my cup of tea.  There's also  a bit of overuse of rack-focus shots, resulting in them losing their power  over a two-and-a-half-hour film.  And I still can't understand why Mann  persists in using Diane Venora; even in a fairly straightforward  long-suffering-woman role here she rings false, always trying to burst into  tears in every scene and trying to upstage everyone else, but only  succeeding in making herself look ridiculous, and damaging the character's  credibility.<br />But as an organic whole, The Insider still succeeds grandly.   Mann deserves a standing ovation for the performances he ellicits from his  two leads, Al Pacino and Russell Crowe.  Crowe, as Dr. Jeffrey Wigand, is  obviously a low-key marvel, letting his anger boil beneath the surface, and  throwing himself headlong into the desolation of the role.  It is Pacino  who surprises, though, erasing all memories of his hammy '90s performances  with an intense, heartfelt portrayal of 60 Minutes producer Lowell Bergman.   The final 20 minutes belong to Pacino (with small help from an excellent  Christopher Plummer as Mike Wallace) and he shines brighter than he has  since the Godfather films.  Just for this white-knuckle sequence alone  (Bergman's last, desperate struggle to air the story) the film is worth it  -- action filmmaking without violence, first-rate tension and drama.  Mann  realizes that dramatic power hinges on raising the stakes as high as  possible, and his intensification of plot points lends the story immense  power.<br />And then there's the thematic weight.  This film succeeds in  realizing its sociological ambition, provoking thought as to the power of  the media, the fragile contract between the journalist and the contact, and  corporate hierarchies.  While American Beauty was the better film, The  Insider achieves a supreme degree of political significance and grandiosity  of scope.  For that, I bow to Michael Mann in reverence.
B000003S09|5.0|First let me say that I wasn't even born when the original IN THE COURT OF THE CRIMSON KING was released on vinyl. I heard the song IN THE COURT OF THE CRIMSON KING when I was a child during the disco era. It was played  right along with all the other popular songs during the 70's in San  Francisco where I grew up. This is a great piece of work. The whole album  from start to finish is so well done that I was amazed the first time I  heard it. I recently was reminiscing about my childhood in San Francisco  and I did a search for IN THE COURT OF THE CRIMSON KING and found MP3  versions of all the songs on the album on the internet using NAPSTER. I  loved this song when I was a child and I still love it. I had to get it on  CD. I searched for it on Amazon.com and was pleasantly surprised that I  could still find this piece of work. I immediately ordered it from  Amazon.com (more proof that hearing MP3's on the internet stimulate CD  sales). I thought I was going to get an ordinary looking boring plastic  boxed CD. But this 30th anniversary edition import CD has the COOLEST CD  PACKAGING I'VE EVER SEEN! It looks just like the original LP only CD size  instead of LP size! Its made of cardboard just like the original LP. It has  the same artwork exactly as the original LP did. It folds out into two  sides (the way a 2 record vinyl LP would fold out into two sides) and there  is even a &quot;record&quot; sleeve inside one of the sides which contains  the CD and the other side contains a booklet with lots of historical  information about the band (news paper cutouts, pictures, etc.). It looks  SO COOL! I wish more CD's came in this type of packaging. Everyone I've  showed it to was very impressed by the packaging. The package in its self  is a nice piece of art. Now after that being said, how well is the 24-bit  remastering? Well the sound quality is absolutely excellent! The  remastering of this work is top notch! I've never heard this music sound so  good. The his is gone. Its so clean sounding. I don't know how they did it,  but its got more depth, better high pitch sound, its incredible! I've got a  very good quality headset and I can hear every little detail of the music.  Believe me you'll be VERY IMPRESSED! If you like Crimson King then BUY THIS  30th ANNIVERSARY EDITION!  BUY IT NOW BEFORE ITS GONE!
B000002GQE|4.0|\\"Days of Future Passed\\" and \\"Seventh Sojourn\\" are the two Moody Blues CDs to buy. For the rest of their hits purchase one of the many greatest hits CDs.  Unfortunately, their best hits album, \\"This is the Moody Blues\\"  released on vinyl in the 1970s is not available on CD.  \\"Days\\" contains two  of the Moodys best songs-- \\"Nights in White Satin\\" and  \\"Forever Afternoon  (Tuesday?)\\" (better known as \\"Tuesday Afternoon\\"). Even more than 30 years  later \\"Nights\\" is perhaps the best marriage of classical and pop music ever  done.  The song and narrative poem portion that follows are a perfect mood  piece.  \\"Tuesday Afternoon\\" truly soars. Some of the other parts of this  album have dated somewhat (\\"The Day Begins\\" for example) and 30 years on it  is sometimes hard to see how groundbreaking this album was in 1967 in the  wake of the Beatles' \\"Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.\\"  Rather than  ambitious, some songs seem rather quaint in retrospect, but it is well  worth buying to hear the triumvirate of \\"Nights,\\" \\"Tuesday Afternoon\\" and  \\"(Evening) Time to Get Away\\" in their proper context. [Note: Be sure to buy  the \\"Originally Recording Remastered\\" version--it has a black background on  the back cover with a \\"Moody Blues\\" emblem that looks like a butterfly. The  \\"Remastered\\" version contains an interview with the Band and far superior  sound quality to previous releases.]
B000005TQO|3.0|I've listened to this album a number of times (in Italian).  Certainly Laura Pausini has a pretty voice and sings with excellent clarity.  However those who might be looking for a powerful, dramatic voice may be  disappointed.  In particular the music on this album seems to me very  ordinary and 100% derived from American 1980's pop, with not much variety  from one song to another.  Finally, I was disappointed that the album has  only 8 songs and is just 33 minutes long.
6305358567|1.0|Your verdict of this movie will depend on what you think of the Wong Kar-wai school of filmmaking:  Director first, editor second, actors being the last consideration.<br />Personally, I can't stand this style of  filmmaking.  Taking only the most superficial of nouvelle vague stylings  (jump-cuts, strange angles, stylized lighting) but applying the techniques  to the most inappropriate material, this &quot;New New Wave&quot; tends to  sacrifice the performers and all human qualities for a beautiful-looking,  but dramatically inept piece.<br />Elizabeth is such a piece.  Given an  actress as strong as Cate Blanchett, just why director Shekhar Kapur  insists on suffocating her performance with endless arrays of camera  trickery is baffling to me.  In this film Kapur shows off a real knack for  missing the dramatic moment.  In almost any given scene, you never see the  decisive moment for a character, and least of all Elizabeth.  Blanchett's  charm and elegance were a joy to behold, and Geoffrey Rush brilliantly  injects a tinge of villainy in his ally role, creating a most interesting  supporting character.  But chances are when you want to see the actors,  Kapur would've either cut to some overblown, poorly performed crowd shot,  or an overhead where you can't see a tinge of emotion, or cut maniacally to  ensure you don't really see the actors.  Some cinephiles may consider this  brilliant New Wave filmmaking; I consider it hogwash, the director  selfishly putting himself on display while sacrificing all of the  characters and story elements.<br />Cases in point:  We never see Elizabeth  succumb to her council and send troops to Scotland, so her later remorse  (&quot;My father would never have made such a mistake&quot;) is completely  unfounded; her giving up Lord Robert (a watery Joseph Fiennes) is done in  yet another hacked up dance sequence (one of about half a dozen, all  boringly choreographed and poorly edited, going for dazzle instead of  momentum) so her internal change doesn't register at all; Walsingham  (Rush)'s seduction of Marie de Guise (Fanny Ardant, a good performer, also  strangled by Kapur's direction) is ellipsed so when you see her dead, you  know what happened, but there's no impact or feeling of triumph.<br />The  script is hackneyed, with poor dialoguing and lots of unbelievably puerile  jokes (especially when the French suitor comes to visit).  All this serves  to weaken Elizabeth's character even further, and reduces the narrative  drive of this film to zilch.  There's no build to the plots against  Elizabeth's life and even less suspense.<br />The greatest problem remains the  direction and its disdain for all things human.  In all honesty, I've never  seen such a great lead performance (Blanchett's) so thoroughly sabotaged by  a director.  For that, I hold Elizabeth in contempt.  I'm all for visual  art and experimental filmmaking, but to completely forsake performance?   And to lose all the sense of period flair (the vomit-inducing jump-cut  sequence of Elizabeth practising her speech, and the fade to whites --  music-video techniques) which all historical dramas need, especially one on  an epic scale such as this?  For a successful negotiation of nouvelle vague  style and drama, go for Godard's Breathless.
0688145078|4.0|This is one of several books I bought for my almost-two-year-old.  It's one of his favorites.  The book deals with the addition of a baby very matter-of-factly, but positively.  Both Mommy &amp; Daddy take care of the  baby.  Daddy even changes a diaper.  It gives a very positive account of  the new baby in respect to the big brother, too.  The advantages of being a  big boy and big brother are highlighted.  I've given this book as a gift  for friends having their second child.
B00004S361|5.0|Stevie Wonder was second only to Elton John in terms of commercial popularity in the 1970s.  Wonder seamlessly mixed funk, reggae, rock, and commercial pop in a brew that was substantial yet catchy and melodic.  \\"Fulfillingness' First Finale\\" is part of a quintet of great LPs that  Wonder released in the 1970s through the early 1980s (\\"Talking Book,\\"  \\"Innervisions,\\" \\"Songs in the Key of Life,\\" and \\"Hotter Than July\\" being  the others). While not as strong as these other albums, this is only  relatively speaking.  There are some great ballads here-especially \\"Too Shy  to Say\\" and  \\"Creepin'\\". \\"Boogie on Reggae Woman\\" (Wonder's biggest hit  from this album) is funky and sexy and \\"You Haven't Done Nothin'\\" is a  trenchant criticism of President Richard Nixon.  In \\"Fulfillingness'\\"  Wonder is able to deliver social commentary without sounding strident or  didactic. Equally well written, the love songs and ballads are tender and  affectionate without being maudlin.  While \\"Innervisions\\" is the CD to buy  if you are a Wonder neophyte, \\"Fulfillingness' First Finale\\" is an  essential Stevie Wonder album. [Note: be sure to purchase the \\"Originally  Recording Remastered\\" version of this CD; it contains the fully reproduced  album cover, lyrics, liner notes, and most importantly superior sound  quality.]
B00003CWLF|5.0|Anna and the King is beautifully set in Malaysia where most of the movie was filmed.  The actors, Jodie Foster and Chow Yun-Fat were extraordinary. You could feel the passion the characters had for one another which made  the movie an emotional journey as well.  I thought this movie was very much  underrated and I feel the critics oversaw the main point of the movie, to  entertain.  When I'm entertained for the length of a movie, I've gotten my  money's worth and more!
6305750750|1.0|Congratulations Mr Lucas you have succeded in making the greatest toy commercial in history.The Annikan Skywalker doll would have given a more life-like performance,and jar-jar binks is just plain annoying.The first 2  movies were good adveture stories,the next 2 are just to sell toys.All in  all(given all the hype)the biggest disappiontment in the history of film.
B00000ILDF|4.0|This is a pretty good sequel. It's better than Aliens. And it has a pretty good ending. You  should get this!
B00003CXDU|4.0|My wife and I went with another couple to see this film on the eve of a terrible snow storm.  Concequently, we were the only people in the theater.  We had a blast laughing ourselves hoarse and no one could tell us to shut  up.  At one point my friend laughed so hard he almost headed himself on the  chair in front of him.<br />This film was a terrific send-up of Trek and its  fan base.  Poking fun without skewering, it takes a very satirical look at  sci-fi and our fascination with it.  (Being a trekker myself, my friends  pointed to the screen about every three minutes and said, &quot;There you  are!&quot;)<br />Buy it.  Definitely buy it.  You won't regret it.<br />Final  note: the most memorable scene is only on screen for a second but it's  great.  Barbarians at the Gate?   No... Klingons at the urinals!
B000002LR6|5.0|this album is so damn good.  when i first got it, i sat at work thinking about it all day.  then i ran home, listened to it, and layed on my couch drooling with musical joy.  i can't believe how good al j. is at writing  music.
B00001IVOR|4.0|well its been 2 and a half years since i got this cd, but i wanted to say that some of these reviews are exactly what i think. triumph was great in its day along wit dog sh@t, but i still can listen to heaterz and as high  as wutang get,cuz they're tight. its yourz, visionz, and hellz wind staff  are pretty good too. but some songs dont seem right, like black shampoo,  but its still worth it, especially if u r a big wu fan
B000003TA4|3.0|to start things off i have to say i used to love nirvana. however,this album is so overrated. bleach and in utero destroy this album. i think butch vig, the producer, can be blamed for this cause he overproduced it. a  &quot;grunge&quot; record isn't usually so...................i don't know  its hard to think of the right words, they are usually a little more raw  than this. he did the same thing with sonic youth's dirty album, and i  think he is trying to make everything as commercial sounding as  possible.the reason so many people like nirvana is that they haven't heard  anything better. believe it or not kurt's songwriting in my opinion was  above average, but there are others better. and yes they were a huge  influence but only in the MTV world which is evil anyway. the best thing is  the lyrics which i'll admit are very above average, but the music is pretty  simple which isn't always bad, but can get old quickly. try other stuff  like sonic youth or dinosaur jr. or pavement and you might be surprised
B000000WHX|5.0|This is the first CD from Massive Attack and though their subsequent efforts are just as fine, it is Blue Lines that still outshines and sets the musical standard for the '90s and beyond.  Never have I heard an album mix rap, reggae, dub, pop, dance, club and R&amp;B so homogeneously, that  it practically reinvents a new sonic vocabulary.  Every song is  surprisingly brilliant and authentic with one misstep (I'm not very fond of  &quot;Five Man Army&quot;).  () While various vocalists are featured  on all the tracks, the album maintains its sense of uniformity through the  experimental and modern sheen of its sound; keyboard blips, thick vibrating  bass lines, piano, violin, etc. are all funneled through a Cuisinart and  the results are still truly astonishing today.  Keep an open ear for Shara  Nelson's haunting vocals on &quot;Safe from Harm&quot;, &quot;Lately&quot;  and &quot;Unfinished Sympathy&quot;, or Horace Andy's reggae warble on  &quot;One Love&quot;. Blue Lines is highly recommendable; you'll be a  Massive Attack fan before the close of the last track.
B000002UJQ|5.0|You can read the other 500-odd reviews to establish the emotional and very personal effect this record has on people.  I'd like to draw your attention to one particular aspect of this album.<br />Another UK band, Echobelly, has  for their lead the vocalist Sonya Aurora Madan.  In my opinion, she is the  best female vocalist of the last couple of decades.  Unfortunately, she  works with Echobelly who never write songs that let her use her talent to  the best of its ability, (the one exception may be the song 'Bellyache',  which only shows how much of a crime the other songs are by giving you a  taste of what you're missing).<br />Happily, this isn't the case here.   Radiohead recognise Yorke's incredible vocal talent is as much an  'instrument' as anything else in the studio, and they gleefully give him  free reign to run riot and push himself to the limit of his ability.
B00001IVOR|4.0|well its been 2 and a half years since i got this cd, but i wanted to say that some of these reviews are exactly what i think. triumph was great in its day along wit dog s**t, but i still can listen to heaterz and as high as wutang get,cuz they're tight. its yourz, visionz, and hellz wind staff  are pretty good too. but some songs dont seem right, like black shampoo,  but its still worth it, especially if u r a big wu fan
0800177975|5.0|Not only is it one of the best films he has made but also one of the funniest. A true homage to the action genre. The only people who would not like this film are the kind of people who do not possess a sense of humour.  The play on the well established cliches typically attributed to the action  romps of the eighties and nineties is handled with a pinache now rarely  seen in films in general.
014028009X|4.0|Yep, just like a few of the other reviewers here, I got into BJ's Diary, and recognized that it is just Pride and Prejudice '99-2000. It's a cute book, and I do recommend it, but I don't think this book is all it's  cracked-up to be. I didn't laugh quite as much as others apparently...but I  did find myself cheering for Bridget by the end. As far as relatable?  Loved Bridget's friends...her wacky mother running off and returning  without any remorse was a bit much for me. I don't know. Do a lot of  mothers do that these days?
B00000GJ2B|5.0|For me, Raging Bull has to be the best movie of the past three decades.  The performances are brilliant, the camera-work is magnificent and the script is amazing.  I think it is inconceivable that Martin Scorsese did  not earn a Best Director award for this film.  I think it's a shame that  this country's greatest living director has been passed over time and again  for his work.  (He also deserved Oscars for Taxi Driver and Goodfellas).   What makes this movie great is the way that it portrays Lamotta.  He is a  sinner, but yet he still has goodness in his heart.  I think one of the  most moving scenes in any film is the one in which De Niro bangs his fists  on the jail cell wall and screams out, &quot;I am not an animal!&quot;   This film is truly a masterpiece.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I think that this movie is one of the most defining examples of 1990's living.  Think about it...brand-names, support groups and ultraviolence.  I really don't want to get into the nuances of the movie, but would rather  commend Mr. Fincher on, in my opinion, one of the top five movies of the  last decade (along with &quot;Se7en,&quot; another Fincher movie).  Kudos,  and keep us thinking.
B00002E233|2.0|This movie is a Jaws wannabe,taking place at place studying sharks to save human lifes. There is big storm(Hello Jurassic Park? ) and the people at the facilty are stranded for the weekend.While there they do some  exeperiments with the sharsk and tragic results. The humans start being  hered where the smart sharks want them to go. In the end there is onr two  surivors,Thomas Jane(shark wrangler) and LL Cool J(Toys) as the cook!  The  DVD has more features than the usual Waner bros stuff , so if you buy this  dvd  be sure to take advantage of the DVD, for the price they want here it  's a bargain!
B000002UWF|5.0|I really Dug what Louis Prima did on this set.The Music has alot of flavor&amp;never lets up at all.Alot of Fun Here&amp;very upbeat music.A Must Have.
B00000JZIK|5.0|Everything on this video is AMAZING, the sound, picture, acting, plot, everything.  I saw it for the first time two years ago, off a rental, and couldn't find it again, I bought it off amazon and I cant stop watching it,  the first time I saw it, I dont even remember moving, or saying a word to  my brother, just sitting there.  This movie will have you on the edge of  your sit because YOU WILL NEVER figure out who did it.....until the  end..you HAVE to see this movie.
B00004S96B|5.0|I thought the original album sounded great until I popped this 24K Gold Ed. in &amp; listened to it. The sound is fantastic. My favs. &quot;Jet City Woman&quot; &amp; &quot;Empire&quot; blew me away. Definitely worth  the money.
B00000J7J4|5.0|It is an experience to listen to Santana's &quot;Supernatural,&quot; winner of 9 rightly deserved Grammys including Best Album Of The Year. This is excellent work from an excellent musician. Carlos Santana once again  shows us his musical genius with songs that reach into you. Every song is  full of richness and detail. &quot;Smooth&quot; is a genuine masterpiece  and one of the greatest of all love songs! I'm still not tired of hearing  it! This is Latin rock at it's best. Santana's work here is alive and  hyper, romantic and moving, inspiring and brilliant. &quot;Love Of My  Life&quot; is another excellent track here that embodies what a truly  romantic song is. Mana's contribution, &quot;Corazon Espinado&quot; is  alive and vibrant and &quot;Maria Maria&quot; with Wyclef Jean is richly  detailed in all it's corners. Santana returns here with an unbound energy  that splashes on a rich canvas of sound and beauty. Who cares about Korn!   Latin rock, now THAT's music!
B000005RS0|5.0|You have to get this album, its the best album I've ever seen.     Classics like &quot;What's Love...&quot; are just amazing. If you buy only one Tina album it has to be this one. Other great tracks are &quot;Better  Be Good to Me&quot;   &quot;Lets Stay Together&quot;   ect. They are  all  sooooo good.
B000031XCR|5.0|I BOUGHT CELINE DION'S ALL THE WAY AND I LOVE IT. I AM A HUGE FAN OF CELINE'S AND HOPE SHE COMES BACK SOON. I MISS HER ALREADY AND I'M SURE HER OTHER FANS DO ALSO. A GREAT CD A SUGGEST EVERYBODY GO BUY IT.
0451196716|5.0|For those true Stephen King collectors. This book grabs you from the beginning and will not let you go till the end. I found it one of the best and know you will too. I hated for it to end.
0440224764|5.0|I am a dedicated reader of all of Grisham's  books, and this is certainly one of his best works. I particularly enjoy his focus on Brazil, not only in this book but also in &quot;The Testament&quot; (another great one). I  have found his information on Brazil very accurate and he knows how to  describe life there as it really is. (I have lived in Brazil for 10  years)This book definitely tops them all!
B000009ED0|5.0|I used to hate rap more than anything. Now, I have CD's from the Beastie Boys, Will Smith, Rage Against the Machine, and others! This CD is a milestone in rap and rock music. I prefer Bawitaba, Cowboy, Devil Without a  Cause,and Only Go Knows Why. If you like bands such as Rage Against the  Machine and Metallica, you must buy this CD!
6304806442|5.0|This film epitomises everything that Hollywood isnt, and I love it. Superb performances from a cast not shy to make the parts their own and that comes across well in the context of making the story believable and dramatic.  This film doesnt condone drugs, but it gives meaning to the beast,  &quot;What they forget, is the pleasure of it all&quot; - Renton.  Im still  undecided on the greatest motion picture ever, Trainspotting or The Empire  Strikes Back.
B00004LN16|5.0|I read in a magazine recently that rock music is dead. I also read in another magazine that Korn is the future of rock. Well, as long as AC/DC is around, neither of those statements are true! Stiff Upper Lip is a great  album; better than The Razor's Edge, and better than Who Made Who. In fact,  it ranks up there with Highway To Hell and Back In Black as one of their  best ever! As Angus Young said in a recent interview in Toronto, what we  need is some of that good old, toe-tapping rock'n'roll, and that's what we  get, and it still sounds just as good as it did when High Voltage came out  back in 1973.<br />PS. AC/DC will be around long after the Backstreet Boys  lose their looks and their fans, and long after rap music finally dies  (which will hopefully be soon! ) If you agree with me, tell me that my  review was helpful by clicking YES!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|As you listen to Zach de la Rocha's lyrics, you can sense his strong political insights on government and anarchy. This CD has great songs such as Testify, Guerilla Radio, Calm Like A Bomb, Mic Check, Ashes in the Fall,  and more!  Although this CD is not their greatest, it still is a fun thing  to listen to. If you like this, buy &quot;Evil Empire.&quot; That's their  best.
B00000JCOV|4.0|After the death sudden death of great Alternative bands, mainly the prestige band which meant heaven- Nirvana, the Rock Scene was close to ashes. When independent bands like KoRn went mainstream, Rock and Metal  were flooded. And these floods are not necessarily a good thing. Pathetic,  and incapable bands are currently invading the once ultimate genre. Thank  the lord SlipKnot appeared, a gang of nine psychopaths. These nine fellows  pushed their self-bitterness into a CD. Their self-titled album has  triumphantly surpassed all of today's Rock bands. SlipKnot has redefined  death-metal.  Hidden behind disturbing masks, SlipKnot is just a  universe of hate. They truly express concern, hate, and sullen pride. What  a better way to express their madness with the godly and amazing  producer-none other than the man, Ross Robinson. With the direction of the  gifted producer, SlipKnot successfully combines their dankness into  beautifully executed music. The lyrics are powerful, meaningful, and  explain their roots. Sure some listeners are turned off by screaming, but  the way Corey, the vocalist, executes it is rememberable. He mixes fearsome  roaring with true singing. It gives respect, knowing hate created them,  their words are powerful. However fame is beginning to shed light on this  underground band. Please the who goes by the name of music television, step  away.  Unlike must Hardcore bands, Corey does not just outcry his  anguish, but sings it in with a surprising melody. His screaming is sturdy,  almost as if you can feel his singing and decipher his pain. His vocals are  top-notch and exquisite, many props to his gifted singing. The instruments  are simply breath-taking, wrecking havoc! The band is loud, and a crushing  bazaar! Guitars are fast and darn right furious. Drums are speedy, just  madness. Two percussionists play eerie echoes. Turntables are flawed, and  may get annoying, but with Corey bleeding his lungs out, and the  instruments combined, it emits harsh, striking music.  If Ross  Robinson was absent, I'm assured SlipKnot would not have been so fresh and  appealing with rich anger. Anger can be music, but too much shrilling can  be a problem.&quot;Wait and Bleed,&quot; is a prime example of harmonious  singing mixed with sharp shouting. Ross Robinson has a vivid role (his  great days probably with the once great band known as KoRn).  Sellouts  are very common, but the brutal force of SlipKnot is unlikely to wind up as  MTV puppets. Underground bands are where the best dwell, and SlipKnot is no  exception. A supreme CD, destroying and adding talent onto Metal.  SlipKnot's self-titled album is a money-darn-well-freakin-spent CD. Get it  now for motivation, mad headbanging, or running into a frenzy at a mosh or  just utter inspiration. . .&quot;And it waits for you!&quot;mits harsh, striking music.       If Ross  Robinson was absent, I'm assured SlipKnot would not have been so fresh and  appealing with rich anger. Anger can be music, but too much shrilling can  be a problem.&quot;Wait and Bleed,&quot; is a prime example of harmonious  singing mixed with sharp shouting. Ross Robinson has a vivid role (his  great days probably with the once great band known as KoRn).     Sellouts  are very common, but the brutal force of SlipKnot is unlikely to wind up as  MTV puppets. Underground bands are where the best dwell, and SlipKnot is no  exception. A supreme CD, destroying and adding talent onto Metal.  SlipKnot's self-titled album is a money-darn-well-freakin-spent CD. Get it  now for motivation, mad headbanging, or running into a frenzy at a mosh or  just utter inspiration. . .&quot;And it waits for you!&quot;
0783240503|4.0|My 5 year old daughter and I stumbled upon Joseph on PBS.  She watch it twice on TV and loved it so much we're here now to buy the movie.  The movie/music is entertaining for people of all ages!
B00000J7J4|5.0|OK, I confess. I have not been a Santana fan for 30 years. This is because I am only 14. But, reviewing this CD as my first Santana album, I loved it. I love Santana's guitar, the latin rythyms, the featured artists, the  energy, the bass lines. Each song is great. On most CDs there are a few  songs that I skip, but this is definitely an exception. <br />Here is a review  of each song: 1. YALEO - Great song to start the album with, it is an  upbeat Latin song featuring Santana and his band only. <br />2. LOVE OF MY  LIFE - This song features Dave Matthews, and it is surprising how well his  voice goes with Santana's guitar. The title sounds like it would be a  &quot;mushy&quot; ballad, but it's not.<br />3. PUT YOUR LIGHTS - This  alternative song features Everlast and some great guitar by Santana (of  course). Somehow angry and inspiring at the same time, but not hardcore or  anything.<br />4.AFRICA BAMBA - Another great song by Santana and his band.  Sounds Latin and also Afro-Cuban, as the reviewer said.<br />5. SMOOTH -  Carlos and Rob's big hit, which you've no doubt heard countless times on  the radio. This makes me a bit sick of it, but it has great, driven guitar  and Rob Thomas's vocals, which sound even better paired with the Santana  band than with Matchbox 20.<br />6. DO YOU LIKE THE WAY - This unusual  rap-with-guitar song features Lauryn Hill rapping and Cee-Lo singing. It  may seem like Santana + rap would equal a mess, but it definitely works.  Good message, too.<br />7. MARIA MARIA - The other big radio hit, featuring  The Product G&amp;C (something like that) singing, and Wyclef Jean doing  some rap in the background. This one has a cool bass line.<br />8. MIGRA - One  of my personal favorites. The lyrics (Santana sings them) are mostly in  Spanish, and besides his awesome guitar there is some great drumming, great  horns, and even some synthesized bagpipes. Really energetic.<br />9. CORAZON  ESPINADO - This song, also in Spanish as you can see from the title,  features Latin band Mana and is another one of my favorites. I understand a  lot of the lyrics, too. It has a twitchy latin beat that reminds me of Marc  Anthony's &quot;I need to know&quot; but is a much better song. Also  features some great timbali drumming.<br />10. WISHING IT WAS - This song  features Eagle Eye Cherry and, although at first I didn't like it quite as  much as the other songs, now I like it a lot. The lyrics are strangely  relate-able.<br />11. EL FAROL - An intrumental song that was also on the  &quot;Smooth&quot; single. This song reminds me of two guitars, an electric  and an acoustic, talking to each other. It is soothing and good to fall  asleep to, but that's not a bad thing.<br />12. PRIMAVERA - A Spanish song,  sung by Santana, about Spring and new beginnings. The melody is catchy  although not in a radio-play way.<br />13. THE CALLING - A mostly instrumental  duet by Eric Clapton and Santana. By far the longest song on the album, but  you don't get bored listening to it. The melody changes a lot, and  sometimes there are a few words. Clapton and Santana are great together.
B000000OF6|5.0|What a lush, glorius voice Freddie Mercury possessed.<br />And what a wide range of material here.  From the Elvis Preley knock-off &quot;Crazy Little Thing Like Love&quot; to the operatic &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot;, Queen  does it all- effortlessly.<br />Queen was good at anthems- &quot;We are the  Champions&quot; and &quot;Another One Bites The Dust&quot;- but the real  treasures are found on Volume II!<br />As the band's hits started waning, they  became better.  While the songs might not have been big hits, they're magic  nonetheless.  I finds myself playing this disk more than the first.<br />This  set is terrific.  No filler at all.
6305750750|5.0|This movie is the best movies I have seen.  The special effects were absolutly amazing.  If you have not seen it, you are missing a lot.  5 stars by far.
B00000DFRS|3.0|the cd was okay some of the tracks were good like the ones you heard on the radio ,but most of the other songs started to all sound the same,it is good if you are a whitney houston fan but for just buying it for the songs  be cautious.
B0000022WA|4.0|The premise is a bit unbelievable, but it's still great fun.  Hayley Mills does a wonderful job of giving Sharon and Susan both distinctive personalities.  Seeing this movie for the first time in 12 years, I was  surprised by the crackling chemistry between Maureen O'Hara and Brian  Keith.  It's not at all raunchy, and enjoyable for children as well as  parents.
0385472951|5.0|The clever plot, personable characters and writing style are the best of Grisham.  Holds your attention, easy to read and follow when you have to read it in chunks of time.  Can't wait for the movie
B00004RFDW|4.0|One of the most interesting interesting movies ever about the &quot;whistleblower&quot; who really set things off track for the tobacco business. Its all about what happens in his life and the decisions he makes  and what he does. And the lawyers that support him. It will keep you  sitting on the edge of your seat the whole time. At times you will be mad  at the guy and at others you will feel really sad for him. Very realistic  and depressing at times. Great movie, one of the years best easily. BUY IT!
0767819594|4.0|Cruel Intentions is certainly not the usual bubblegum teenybopper movie--a fair warning: unless they are extremely open-minded and relaxed about sex, language, etc., don't rent this with your parents; whether they enjoy it or  not, it will not be a comfortable experience for you.  But aside from that,  this is a very entertaining movie.  Sarah Michelle Gellar expands her range  playing a bitchy sort of anti-Buffy.  Ryan Phillipe's acting style,  sometimes called soulless and cold, fits his (originally) heartless  character perfectly, and he has good chemistry with Reese Witherspoon  (small wonder, since they are now married), who does very well in the role  of the proud virgin.  Selma Blair is hilariously naive and ridiculous, and  Joshua Jackson, in a rather brief role, steals the few scenes he's in.  If  you're looking for something in the teen genre but not so fluffy as the  usual crop, and if you're not easily offended, check this movie out.  The  only reason I gave it less than 5 stars (I'd give it a 4.5 rather than a 4)  is Sebastian's (Phillipe's) transformation from lascivious jerk to tender  loverboy is a bit too sudden--the metamorphosis would have been more  believable if it had been more gradual, but this is a minor point and  doesn't really hurt the film in any way.
B000009ED0|5.0|Growing up in a Detroit suburb, I got to hear real rappers and funk before it was commercialized.  This album brings back that reality and speaks for much of the anger seen in GenX-ers and non-Boomers.  Kid Rock even throws  in some Grandmaster Flash, one of those original rappers when the songs  meant something.  The past couple years has seen very few good rappers,  most just running their mouths with their hands out for &quot;twenties and  tens&quot;.  Going platinum....
0156421178|5.0|Every time that I read something by Orwell I am struck by what a magnificent writer he is, and by what an honest and generous man he must have been.  Everything that Orwell wrote is worth reading, and this book  might well be his best.<br />Orwell is a master of expository prose.  His  writing is very richly descriptive and yet stark, simple, and lucid.  For  instance, he writes of his first exposure to battle in Spain: &quot;We were  near the front line now, near enough to smell the characteristic smell of  war - in my experience a smell of excrement and decaying  food.&quot;<br />Orwell was the best kind of socialist: a generous man  genuinely concerned about equality and about ending the exploitation of the  poor.  And unlike most other left-wing intellectuals of his time, he was  not content to write pamphlets from the confort of peace and affluence, nor  did he ever allow his politics to blind him to the reality of how the  ideals of socialism were betrayed by the ambition and pettiness of many of  those who put it into practice.
B00000K19E|3.0|I agree that the matrix has stunning effects and action sequences.  But when a movie tries to be philisophical like THE MATRIX  and does it poorly, the movie is ruined.  From my point of view the theme is terrible, so I  don't like the movie.  <br />Would you give up your life to know  &quot;truth&quot;?  I know I wouldn't.
0440219078|5.0|This book is my favorite of any I have ever read. It iscaptivating, sad, happy and descripitive all in one. This is a mustread for everyone. I can compare it to favorites like the Harry Potter series, and &quot;Girl Interrupted&quot; by Susanna Kaysen. This book is amazing and something everyone should experience.  END
B000002J0B|5.0|It is imperative that people notice the folkie songs on the Album like,&quot; Over the hills and far away.&quot; But u must love dyer maker. JohnPaul Jones' bass is perfect in the song. The reggae beat, plants  varying voice level, and spectacular instrumentals make this excellent for  listening to for relaxing or dancing. And if you like this than i also  reccomend Bob Marley's &quot;legend&quot;
6302038308|3.0|You know there's something seriously wrong when you sit down to a movie that's supposed to be scary and you find yourself laughing to the point of tears. This movie was definetely just that for me when I sat down and  watched it with my friends. I had never heard of Sam Raimi or Bruce  Campbell for that matter, and didn't know what to expect when my brother  pushed play, but as soon as the Necronomicon was opened and the words were  spoken, the laughs began. The talking severed head, the exaggerated terror  of Bruce Campbell and the cheesy special effects had me rolling on the  floor, begging my brother to rewind a scene so I could watch it again. The  laughs don't stop till the end, and I beg the film industry to better rate  and classify their films. This movie is not rated R and it's not horror,  either. It belongs in the comedy section of your local video store, rated  PG-13.
0790729377|1.0|This is among the worst transfers to DVD I have seen.  Do not bother.  A VHS tape is at least as good.  <br />Why didn't they find a decent print to master this from&gt;
0783226837|5.0|It's almost facetious to review this movie after all the others posted here. Tremors is a classic if there ever was one. It is scary, funny, tense, and above all fun, all at the same time. It would be hard to fault  anyone's performance in this movie. If ever there was an ensemble cast that  clicked, this movie has it.<br />This is pure tongue in cheek, done to a  fair-thee-well, and to say it is fun to watch would be one of the greatest  understatements of all time. It must have been a blast to make, because the  actors certainly demonstrate it in their demeanor and delivery. <br />If you  miss this movie, shame, shame, SHAME on you!
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is not easy for me to admit, but I haven't heard such wildly inventive, distorted guitars since the likes of King Crimson. I'm 43. Much older than the average Radiohead fan. I can't say that I love very single  track on it, but when listening to it all in one sitting, the message is  monumental. Our technological society is creating as many nightmares as it  is wonderfull advances. The final track, The Tourist, is such a great  closing statement mixed with warning and hope. &quot;Hey man, slow down,  slow down. Idiots, slow down, slow down!&quot; The combination of the  mellotron chior and that riveting yet so melodic guitar work, added to  those simple, yet compelling lyrics, is true genius! This band combines the  best elements of 90's alternative with the best elements of early Pink  Floyd ,  Gabriel's Genesis, and King Crimson. You younger fans out there.  Take a look at some of those recordings. They may not sound that much like  this. It's all in the concepts
B000002BE9|5.0|Fiona Apple has such a beautiful voice with great range.  This CD is never far from my player.  The songs are great for driving down the freeway with the wind in your hair.
B00003OSSL|4.0|i thought this movie was great and exciting in the  beginning but the ending was hard to understand.  The movie is long but if you like love stories and mysteries this you might like. i think it overall they were  great actors and actesses but the script wasnt the best
B00003OSTR|4.0|Sergeant York traces the life of the real Alvin York from rebellious youth in remote Tennessee, through his religious conversion and status as a conscientious objector, to World War I hero.  The film is a little corny  and too &quot;homespun&quot; at times, but it succeeds in large part due to  the very effective performance of Gary Cooper, who is never anything but  believable in all the stages of York's life.  Walter Brennan delivers his  usual good supporting performance as Cooper's moral mentor, and Margaret  Wycherly is quiet and sweetly amusing as Cooper's calm, ever patient  mother.  But it's Cooper's movie, and he makes the most of it, making Alvin  York a hero to be admired and respected.  This movie must have played well  to audiences during World War II when it was released, and it still plays  well today.
0385040253|5.0|This book is the indispensable, essential, must-have book of every knot a person could ever dream.  I bought three other knot books before this one, believing that Ashley's book was more than I needed.  Now the other three  books gather dust and this one is the only book I use.  It isn't just  knots, either.  Ashley also tells a lot of tales and lets us know what life  was like when he lived, as he collected the information to put together his  book.  I actually read this book sometimes just for the pleasure of reading  it.  You don't have to be tying knots.  It would be hard to imagine a book  that could improve on what Ashley has put together.  Simply outstanding.  I  love it.
B0000399WI|5.0|Astounded by the amazing plot and nearly perfect production of Shawshank Redemption, I have watched it countless times.  Even so, it's still amazing.  I have to say it's the greatest of modern era of movies!
B00001SIES|4.0|Well, i just stumbled onto this one a few days ago, after seeing them open of the Red Hot Chili Peppers in Chattanooga.  I was impressed with their live sound, despite the lacking acoustic environment.  And it was my  birthday, so i dropped the $15 for their cd.  <br />I'm impressed.  I mean, it  took me a few listens to really like it.  But I do.  Now, let me state the  fact that I am perhaps the most devoted Radiohead fan in Tennessee, and i  am terrible defensive and criticalof anyone trying to take that path.  And  its true, this cd does have a tint of the bends.  but what do you expect  when you hire John Leckie (the producer of the bends).  not that this is a  bad thing.  this is a very strong debut album, and it DOES stand out from  the shadow cast by radiohead.  these songs are solid and inventive.  the  guitar work is impressive, and the vocals are good.  check out the opening  lyrics to the album.  pretty good.  i have hopes for them, it seems like  they have a big future, and i know that i will pick their next one up.   check it out.
B000003N69|5.0|For all the cowards out there, the way into 'Trane is via the gently sloping avenues of &quot; A Love Supreme &quot;, or &quot;My Favorite Things&quot;.<br />However, those of us who don't mind being  described in the  same terms as Chuck-D's seminal &quot; Writers treat me like Coltrane;  insane&quot;, throw ourselves into the deep end that is &quot;Interstellar  Space&quot;. This is essientially the Horn Stripped Bare, roaring and  howling in a dialogue with Rashied Ali's blood-shaking drumming. A last cry  into the abyss, or a conscious straining to escape the shackles of Earth's  gravity? Coltrane's death, weeks after this monumental recording session,  has only served to enhance his reputation in the minds of those of us  marooned in the new century.Death can inflate an image to the point of  cynicism; but Coltrane's energy on this record will still be blazing  in a  thousamd years' time
B00003CXDU|5.0|Costumes were brilliant one of the funniest movies ive seen. only bettered by Police academy series stars were well chosen and worked together well<br />overall a joy to watch
B00002Z88D|5.0|this cd is incredible, metallica sounds great with the sympthony, songs like call of ktulu,one, nothing else matters,for whom the bell tolls, are better than ever, the people who said metallica should retire from this  album are insane, this is just the beginning
B000003TA4|5.0|...this was one of THE most influential albums of all time.  Just listen to rock before this album, then listen to rock after this album.  That's all that needs to be said.  Except for Dave Grohl, none of the members of  Nirvana were all that great on their respective instruments.  Who cares!    This album just completely reflected Kurt Cobain's attitude and views on  life.  Even thought it's a cliche, he was indeed the voice of a generation.   One of the best songwriters and frontmen of all time.
6305750750|1.0|Hmm..ok.  I sit in complete disappointment at the moment. The sound quality and picture quality of VHS are a complete disgrace.  I might have enjoyed the movie if it wasn't for a blurry VHS picture.  Lucas, you are a  disgrace to your fans.  The movie itself is ok, but VHS makes it look worse  you greedy person.  For all we know, DVD will probably be outdated by 2005.   Thanks for persecuting the people who pay your bills George.
B00003CXBK|4.0|I saw this one in the theatre... was a great movie.. but the ending left a lot unresolved... but i think that just went right along with the meaning of the story... it was whatever you made of it. I thought this one was  great.. however i've never seen the japanese version im sure it's no  different from any other one... except im not sure why people are so upset  over the dubbing.. i thought neil gaimans script went along great with the  mouth movements.. and why people are complaining that it should only be  shown in the original japanese confuses me. the only reason its in japanese  is because it was made in japan.. if the predominant language here was  japanese it would make sense.. but it's not.. i guess its great for those  people that are anime buffs ..but for those of us who just like to enjoy  movies it works.. since people who are not really into the genre wont care  to read and miss the action on the screen... the subtitles are ok only if  you have nothing else to do but watch it a hundred times and know what  happens by heart.
6304083769|4.0|I remember when this film came out in a limited theater run and was billed as 'Anime as good as AKIRA' which just isn't true.  'Ghost' is a good anime film, but neither the sense of diretion or detail to story puts it as a  five star film.  Several noticible sequences will stick in your head  forever (the sluice scene, the tank scenes) but aside from those and a very  memorable premise, the movie doesn't coalesce into a grand masterpiece.   Rather, it should be noted as a must see for every anime fan or action  movie buff, but due to some cheap anime conventions to save money this  movie is unwatchable at times for non-anime fans.  Beautiful art and  design.  Very good sci-fi plot about artificial life coming of age as an  independant and dominant force in the future.  I would not recommend this  video to the 'lovey cutsey' anime crowd.
B000005IRG|5.0|Combine interlocking, intricate guitars, melodic bass and drums, the edgy nervousness of Tom Verlain's voice, and often oblique, poetic lyrics, and you get one of the great rock albums of all time?  Well yes, actually,  though for many it will lack immediate appeal.  You may have to get used to  it, play it a few times, but it will repay the effort in the end.<br />With a  record like this, there's a danger of making it sound good for you rather  than good.  But it's the music, rather than what Marquee Moon shows about  the possibilities of rock as an art form, that makes it great.  Let me  reassure anyone who fears that people like it only because critics tell  them to.  I thought it was great for years before I read any review.<br />See  also: Tom Verlain has a number of solo albums.  All are worth a listen, but  most are out of print.  Richard Lloyd, Television's second guitar after Tom  Verlain, plays on several of Matthew Sweet's albums as well as on solo  albums of his own. Lloyd Cole has a similar vocal style to Tom Verlain's  but is by conventional standards a much better singer.  And for a rawer yet  still intricate and effective dual-guitar sound, check out Sleater-Kinney.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I didn't like rap...until a co-worker coaxed me into listening to Lauryn Hill's &quot;To Zion&quot;, a love song to her son and a stand for life in the face of opposition. Her music is intelligent, her voice beautiful, her  style creative. I'm glad she's getting the positive attention she deserves.
B00003CWN3|5.0|Love is one of the components that drive us in our daily lives, without it life wouldn't be the same.  In \\"Boys Don't Cry,\\" that is all Brandon Teena (Hilary Swank) wants.  His search to be accepted and love gets him into a  lot of trouble because he is a she.    To Teena that never seems to be an  issue, she knows that deep down inside she is a guy longing for that right  girl.  Her search gets her in trouble and forces her to leave to another  town.  She meets the perfect girl Lana (Chole Sevigny) and her group of  friends.  She feels accepted and just one of the guys.   She gets into bar  room brawls and drinks and smokes with the guys.   Her relationship with  Lana blossoms and everything seems to be going great, until her little  secret is revealed.  She pays the price of her deception with her life.    \\"Boys Don't Cry\\" is based on the true events of Teena Brandon's life in  rural Nebraska.  Directed by newcomer Kimberly Peirce, it is one of the  best movies of last year.  Hilary Swank gives the performance of a lifetime  as Teena Brandon/Brandon Teena.  Swank won the Oscar for her performance in  this film.   Swank has a certain charm and charisma that enables the viewer  to love her character and not judge her actions.  It doesn't seem out of  the ordinary or weird that she wants to be a guy.  She is a guy, her  mannerisms and looks gives the viewer the sense that she was meant to be a  guy.   That somehow god made a mistake and that Teena is just correcting  it.  The viewer gets pulled into her charm.  You want her to get the girl  and be happy.  You feel her desire for love and want and cheer for her to  get it.  Swank's performance gets the viewers to fall for Teena and see who  he really is on the inside and not what he is on the outside.   The  supporting cast is also another strong point of this film.  Sevigny gives a  strong performance as Lana, a troubled buy loving girl who falls for Teena.   Sevigny got an Oscar nomination for her performance in this film.  Lana  loves Teena for what he is, a charming, caring and sensitive person.   Even  when she is confronted with the truth, she looks away.  His word is all she  needs and even after the truth comes out she still loves him.  She still  goes to him and realizes that her love for him is more important than his  gender.  She sees the love in him and loves it back with no reservations in  her mind. Peter Sarsgaard and Brendan Sexton III also give strong  performances as John and Tom.  They befriend Teena after a bar fight and  introduce him to Lana.  They are a rough group with a criminal past, but at  first they seem like good people.  But they have a wild temper and when  they find out the truth, the consequences become deadly.   The film has a  slow pace, but with good cause.  It stays close to the actual events of the  story and treats the story delicately.  The acting and writing keeps the  story going and makes the viewer drawn to the characters and the events  that unfold
B000005Z0G|5.0|The deepest lyrics I have ever heard.  This Cd represents and reflects on the struggle of the people. &quot;Keep Ya Head Up&quot; touched my thuggish heart,and made me realize what i ignored my whole life.  2pacs work will  open your eyez to the reality of life...THUG LIFE...Papa'z Song, is the  realist lyrics I've ever heard. Also apperances by Ice Cube show the  excellence of tupac and Cube at the rap game...
B00000099Y|4.0|Perhaps my favorite band of all time is Meshuggah, a band whose musical ambitions resemble that of a nuclear holocaust. When i finally picked up this album expecting an experience similar to Meshuggah what I got was  quite interesting. Obviously Tool lacks the insanely destructive style of  Meshuggah but they are equals with them in how they present their music.  Dark, vicious and sometimes repetative (as is Meshuggah, can't complain)  they nonetheless are a highly enjoyable band. While I have yet to get  Undertow this album so far is quite good, recommended to fans of both metal  and alternitive as well as those who would like to see what a  &quot;calmer&quot; version of Meshuggah might sound like
B00000055E|5.0|Tupac's mother did a great work on putting this Cd together.  Most of this material are unreleased songs from around 1994. For the people that are really down with MR. Makaveli, you must own this item it highlights a phase  of tupac's life. &quot;Hellrazor&quot;, listen and learn.
B000001OAA|4.0|While I would have to say that Version 2.0 is my fav of the two albums,the self-titled first album, Garbage is also extreamly good. <br />Supervixen- As one reviewer put it &quot;I love the skips in the middle&quot;. I agree.  Luv the lyrics, ie: &quot;I can take you out with just a flick of my  wrist&quot;<br />Queer- It starts out sounding almost jazz-like, but soon  turns &quot;Garbagesque&quot;. For those who are immature, it is talking  about strange people, not gay people.<br />Only Happy When it Rains- Although  this is not my favorite song on the CD, it *is* catchy, I'll give it  that.<br />As Heaven is Wide- Another song with great lyrics, and great music  to boot. &quot;If flesh could crawl, my skin would fall from off my bones,  and run away from here, as far from God as heaven is wide, as far from God  as angels can fly&quot;<br />Not My Idea- One of the funner, lighter songs on  the CD. Also extreamly catchy.<br />A Stroke of Luck- This is probably my  second favorite song on this album. The lyrics are perfect (not amazing for  Garbage) and the music is also extreamly good. I found myself singing this  song everywhere I went.<br />Vow- My *absolute* fav track on this CD. I cannot  get enough of this song!  The lyrics are great: &quot;You burn me out but  I'm back at your door/Like Joan of Arc coming back for more ... I came to  cut you up/I came to knock you down/I came around to tear your little world  apart&quot; Pure brillance.<br />Stupid Girl- When I first saw the name of  this track on the back of the CD case, I thought it would be more like Vow-  in your face kinda thing. On the contrary, it is one of the slower songs on  this CD. However, just because it is slow doesn't mean it's bad. This song  is one of the best.<br />Dog New Tricks- Catchy, catchy, catchy<br />My Lover's  Box- I, for some reason, do not really care for this song. <br />Fix Me Now- I  immensely love the chorus to this song.<br />Milk- I really cannot stand this  song. I am sorry to all those who love this song. Please, play it at home,  blast it in the office, just don't let me hear you doing it.<br />So sorry  this review was so long-probably so long and boring, Amazon won't print it.  Oh well-Nishana
B00000163G|5.0|The best double Cd ever, this is 2pac's greatest work in my opinion. For the real 2pac fans, you must own this.  This is Cd is DEATHROW AT ITS FINNEST, as tupac would say. Keep cha head up!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|After a scintillating debut in 'tidal', Fiona Apple had a lot to prove to the world, not the least of which was that she was not a flash in the pan.  The world didn't wait in vain. Fiona had proven beyond all doubts that she  is a genuine article. The music-writing is more mature and assured. Apple  sings with not only confidence, but also a conviction that only comes from  a total belief in the material. It is hard to believe that this is only her  second effort. Alannah Morisette, eat your heart out.
B000005Z0E|5.0|A CD for the real fans of 2pac.  People who do not know a thing about our Lord Makaveli, would not be able to apreciate this fine piece of work. 2pac's early years in the rap game are reflected in this cd.  The famaous  track &quot;Trapped&quot; is included in this album, this cd is the  REALIST....
B000005GX7|5.0|One of the great tenor disks of all time. It's a fantastic trio disk with Henderson, Ron Carter, and Al Foster at the top of their form.
0804106304|5.0|Perhaps you are one of those prospective readers who has heard about the controversies surrounding this novel and wondered whether to buy it. One criticism is that it portrays Chinese and Chinese American men in a bad  light. This criticism fails to recall that the narrator's father is  regarded in a favorable light and that one of the second generation Chinese  American women remarries to  another Chinese American man. Sure, most of  the men are unlikeable, but it helps to remember that<br />this is the world  inhabited by Amy Tan's memories and those of her mother. Another criticism  levied against the novel is that it misrepresents life in modern China. But  it is necessary to keep in mind that Tan is talking only about  pre-Revolution  China, and only four women's stories at that. However, I  have taught this novel to several  classes of Chinese college students in  the past year and all have lauded its historical accuracy while applauding  the deft poignancy of tone and the peculiar Chinese sentimental tone for  conveying that history. But it musn't be forgotten that this is essentially  a story about the trials of four mothers and their four daughters.  If you  accept this groundbreaking novel on its own terms and avoid the kneejerk PC  crowd's reaction, you will come away with an experience of myth- making in  the best sense of the word.
0812550706|5.0|This book is a compelling book with a riviting plot and memorable charcters. I will keep this short as possible.  It was an amazing book that has good re-read value.  I agree that no book could possibly please every  reader, hence, not everyone will adore this book to the extent I did, but I  cant see anyone not liking this book at all.  All the people I know who  have read this book absolutely loved it, you probably will too, but it  depends on you. It is a great book.
1573226521|1.0|This book is a bore.  It starts out with great promise but quickly gets bogged down in a useless and weak plot.  The ending is a great disappointment -- it's almost like the publisher called up and told Mr.  Garland he had one day to finish the book.  Frankly, Mr. Garland writes  like the very young author he is.  Don't waste your money on the book, or  the movie.
B000002JPA|4.0|Dream Theater. At their best they rock as hard as any band on the planet. At their worst they wallow in a sloppy sentimentality on par with Journey's &quot;Open Arms.&quot; &quot;Image and Words&quot; is a bit of both.  &quot;Pull Me Under&quot;, &quot;Metropolis&quot;, &quot;Take the  Time&quot; and &quot;Under a Glass Moon&quot; are stupendous. &quot;Another  Day&quot; is sickening. The other tracks fall somewhere in between.  Musicianship is first-rate throughout. Overall, a keeper, if you avoid the  mushy spots.
6303192459|5.0|I am an obsessive Audrey Hepburn fan and this movie is by far one of my absolute favorites. Hepburn is amazing in the role and you cannot help but fall in love with Holly Golightly and her search for happiness. A must see  for any Hepburn fan.
B000002UB3|5.0|This cd has to be one the best by the greatest rock and roll acts of all time. No band can comapare to the lyrics or vocals.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|This movie was a really good movie and there was nothing wrong with it at all.The only thing that I didn't like was that it wasn't scary, but it was a really good movie.In this case it does not matter if the movie is scary  our not the best part about it is the story.This is one of the best Bruce  Campbell movies I've ever seen.This movie is a must see!
B000002H5I|5.0|i heard &quot;fast car&quot; and i was like wow i have to hear more of her. i did her more and i said to myself i have to own her CDs. i went out and bought her CDs and i was NOT disappointed. and i don't think you will  be either. all her CDs are good and all her songs are deep and meaningful.  hear any of her songs and you will fall in love with her.
B000007491|5.0|This is the first album and it doesn't feel like it to me,I find that they have such a pronounced sense of maturity and focus.A debut album is rarely established like this one,the album line-up has Richard w.Palmer-james for  guitar/vocals that would later be King Crimson's lyrisist.The melodies,the  themes,and flow of the album makes it  stand out in a difficult gendre wich  is pop rock/prog-rock.I'd say that it's a perfect album to start with,if  you'd like rock to be a little more fulfilling.This is it it's already here  your tastes, or your sense of adventure in music should evolve from there  on!
0345347951|4.0|This novel is very interesting in that Arthur C. Clarke takes a completely different approach to the idea of Man being a space faring being, than in his other works. It's basic premise is that an alien race arrives on Earth  they eradicate war, racism and starvation. Earth is changed but then it is  discovered that the aliens are in fact planning something.<br />  It is a  dark story, it can almost be descibed as the opposite of 2001. Yet it also  has some interesting simularities.<br />  I would recommend this book for  most people though this is not A.C.C.'s best, check out the Rama series and  of course 2001, it is still a very interesting story.
B00003CWRX|4.0|It was just pure coincidence that I re-watched LA Confidential two days before I watched The Insider. Maybe that was the reason why I was too focused on Russell Crowe's performance. It was amazing! The film was a  parade of outstanding performances including, Christopher Plummer.  <br />Mainly I enjoyed every minute, catching up the details of the  performances of the actors, with the beauty of the soundtrack and the  strength of the script. I even liked the slow motion effects. This is one  of the best films I've seen in the past year. <br />I still smoke though...
B0000025DD|5.0|So, you're a Pink Floyd fan.  You love Meddle, Dark Side of the Moon, Wish You Were Here, Animals, and The Wall.  On the other hand, you find Atom Heart Mother to be absolute dreck.  Others disks range from tolerable to  enjoyable.  <br />But where to get more of that &quot;classic&quot; Floyd  sound?  Right here, folks.<br />Released in 1978, between Animals and The  Wall, David Gilmour's first solo album is the only Floyd solo effort I've  heard that captures the magic of their glory years.<br />Standout tracks  include There's No Way Out of Here, Cry From the Street, Raise My Rent, and  No Way.  There's not really a bad track on the disc, though.<br />It's what  you might think a Gilmour album would sound like:  lyrics aren't as deep as  PF,  keyboards are shoved aside for heavy guitar soloing, and impeccably  recorded and mixed.<br />Well worth picking up.
B000001IPL|5.0|not a single annoying song on this, every song is a smash.  Once you listen to it, it pulls you in and you will never come back out.  The best are self esteem, come out and play, what happened to you, smash... and...  well all of them.  GET THIS if you even remotely like the offsping, you  won't be sorry
0060931671|3.0|Because her husband is chasing after young girls and because her psychiatrist is tripping on LSD, Oedipa ends up turning to strangers for help in finding the &quot;Tristero.&quot; She does not know what the  &quot;Tristero&quot; is, or even if it exists, but since it is connected to  her ex-boyfirend, Pierce, and since she feels trapped in her normal life  she decides to search all over California for evidence of the  &quot;Tristero.&quot; <br />As Oedipa tries to make sense of all the evidence  she has she ends up growing more isolated and paranoid. She wonders if it  is some grand scheme against her set up by Pierce. She feels more evidence  should lead to the truth, whereas the book shows it only makes her  increasingly confused. The book leads to the point where Oedipa has two  choices: continue looking for the truth of the &quot;Tristero&quot; or give  up and go insane.<br />The novel is on the short side being only 152 pages,  and some could probably be omitted. Many scenes are there to confuse the  reader just as Oedipa becomes increasingly confused. There are different  scenes that repeat the same point 4 or 5 times (e.g. more information leads  to confusion, there are only 2 choices with no gray area). The novel ends  with Oedipa still in her search for the &quot;Tristero.&quot; If you like a  novel with complete closure, and if you like to know what happened to all  the characters, then this is not the novel for you. <br />I gave this novel 3  stars because there were enjoyable scenes, and I do agree with some of the  points and ideas Pynchon brings up in this satire. However, I am not fond  of the repetitiveness and lack of closure.
0380804557|4.0|If at first you find yourself disappointed with this book - stick with it! <br />I have to admit, unlike 'Neverwhere', I didn't enjoy this book immediately.  At first, I was impatient with the 'ritualistic' and  'repetitive' fairy-tale conventions but soon I realised that Gaiman had  made these elements part of the physics of Faerie.  It was at this point  that I began to enjoy the book immensely. I would recommend this to anyone  who loved fairytales, myths and legends as a child and who loves fantasy  now they are adult.<br />Like 'Neverwhere', it can be read as another hero  journey where the hero finds he can't go home - only this time, it's not  because he's changed so much but because he's discovered his true nature.  <br />Oh, and I just adored the Star's first speech - very different from what  we generally expect of the inhabitants of Faerie!
B00000JPH5|5.0|My sister and I rented this movie about 12 years ago, and have probably seen it 100 times since then. Everthing about this movie makes it a masterpiece; Jim Henson's puppets(many),catchy songs and a beautiful tale  of friendship, adventure, and an evil king. The costumes and sets are like  nothing you have ever seen before. True entertainment. Just the fact that  David Bowie plays the Goblin King, and Jim Henson directed it makes it a  must watch.
0380789019|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I left the UK 16 years ago and never lived near London but it still brought back memories. It is a wonderfully rich read with loads of jokes and allusions. <br />It is also a real hero journey  with many mythic elements. 'The Call' is when he sees Door fall onto the  pavement in front of him. The hero starts out only wanting to get home (be  careful what you wish for......) but after his experiences, he has been changed  so much that he is no longer suited to his old life. He has realised that  his previous life was only half a life to him now. There is no judgement,  only the recognition that 'you can never really go home'.<br />The life in  London Below is dirty and dangerous, not a wishfulfillment like some 'other  worlds' but it is, to paraphrase Thoreau, 'living deep and sucking the  marrow out of life'.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This has got to be the best cd ever recorded in history.  I've been a long time KoRn fan and every time they come out with a cd they says it's more like the first self-titled and it's not.  Slipknot on the other had has got  to be one of the best bands for me; since KoRn.  If you like hardcore music  this is the cd for you.  If you don't like hardcore this will change your  mind.
0380804557|4.0|If at first you find yourself disappointed with this book - stick with it!<br />I have to admit, unlike 'Neverwhere', I didn't enjoy this book immediately.  At first, I was impatient with the 'ritualistic' and  'repetitive' fairy-tale conventions but soon I realised that Gaiman had  made these elements part of the physics of Faerie.  It was at this point  that I began to enjoy the book immensely. I would recommend this to anyone  who loved fairytales, myths and legends as a child and who loves fantasy  now they are adult.<br />Like 'Neverwhere', it can be read as another hero  journey where the hero finds he can't go home - only this time, it's not  because he's changed so much but because he's discovered his true nature.<br />Oh, and I just adored the Star's first speech - very different from what  we generally expect of the inhabitants of Faerie!
0385474547|5.0|The first two-thirds of &quot;Things Fall Apart&quot; is an affectionate description of the culture of an Ibo clan told from an insider's viewpoint, focusing on the life of Okonkwo, one of his tribe's most respected leaders.  The customs and religion of the Ibo village are described with sympathy and  simplicity, creating a sense of nostalgia for a way of life completely  exotic to Western sensibilities, but making the reader feel the force and  logic of a traditional culture seen from within. This idyllic description  is clouded by the reader's awareness of the culture's fragility, a  foreboding sense of pity and of looming disaster. Disaster comes, of  course, in the shape of white missionaries. In the last part of the story,  evangelizing Christians and English colonial administrators establish  themselves in the Ibo village, and act to corrode and unravel the  traditional life of the Ibo people. An escalating series of  misunderstandings and conflicts between the whites and natives lead to the  inevitable tragic ending. In the last paragraph of the novel, the  perspective shifts suddenly to that of the English colonial adminstrator,  and ends with one of the most powerful and affecting last lines of any  novel I've read.<br />This book was thoroughly enjoyable, and I recommend it  unreservedly.
0872860175|3.0|Ginsberg is perhaps an &quot;important&quot; poet, and I admit that &quot;Howl&quot; has a certain frothy energy.  But aside from the oceanic rhetoric, there's not much in these poems; it's the kind of poetry that no  doubt sounds great when recited before a crowd, but doesn't really bear  much scrutiny.  I was tired of hearing about the best minds of Allen  Ginsberg's generation long before the bombastic, repetitive verses of the  title poem came to a close.  A few of the additional poems included,  though, are decent enough, and manage to communicate a sense of the  transcendent in the stuff of everyday life.
6305800073|4.0|I almost gave this video five stars for the acting alone.  Yes, Hilary Swank deserves the Oscar she got for Best Actress of 1999.  Chloe Sevigny, as well, turns in an exquisite performance in the role of her lover with an  impossible dream of her own; together they mesh so beautifully that there  is one scene in this movie--you'll know it when you see it--where happiness  seems almost within their grasp. But it's as distant as the full moon above  them, floating so beautifully in and out of view.<br />The underriding sadness  of the situation is so unbearable as it is portrayed, however, that I  almost couldn't finish watching the movie.<br />It isn't the transgender  aspect that is so sad...nor is it the harshness of the surroundings, where  these people are trying (or not) to survive and make lives for themselves  in an intellectal and physical wasteland that is so obvious that that alone  is difficult watch...rather, it is the incredible brutality, as portrayed  by the secondary characters so sharply and offhandedly, as this true story  unfolds. Could they be us? Ever? If  I have a shred of their callousness in  me, and I hope I don't, please let me be more understanding of someone else  simply dreaming of having a happier life.  I really hoped Brandon would  make his dream come true.<br />But this movie is well done and therefore  worth watching, painful as it is.  Maybe someone somewhere can explain how  cruelty as final as this grows in the hearts of so many of our lost people.  So, as was said not so long ago,  quote: &quot;Why can't we just get  along?&quot;<br />best wishes, Jean
6305750750|1.0|This movie blows. The story is buried under needless sub-plots.  The dialog is cheesy.  The characters are written without emotion.  Most of the acting is stiff.  Lucas directs with a clumsy hand, ending key scenes too  quickly.  The biggest suprise of the movie is the frequency and impunity  with which racial sterotypes are employed. <br />&quot;Episode I...&quot;  possesses all the telltale signs of a marketing excercise.  It lacks the  creativity, wit, and adventurous spirit of the first three films.  Not  convinced?  Just tool on down to ANY store and bear witness to all the junk  bearing the title &quot;Episode I.&quot;  Notice the big discount stickers  plastered everwhere. What a shame Lucas spent more time and effort on  merchandising the product than he did on producing a quailty movie.  Why  didn't George release it on DVD?  Simple- there's a greater market for the  VHS format.  <br />Lucas sold out.  <br />The fans deserved better.
B00000JG41|3.0|i'd like to say that california is the most melodious album of mr bungle's three albums catalogue.listen to vanity fair,retrovertigo,and you'll know what i'm saying.for those who digs the deadly disastrous sound of  mr.bungle's caca volante,this album could be a dissapointment to you,but if  you dig the eclecticism,diversity and the genius arrangements of their  debut,you'd probably dig this one better.but i,personally,still rate their  debut as the best work.well..maybe mike patton has found his other vessel  for his genius,destructive,disastrous musical vision in FANTOMAS.
6305718903|4.0|THIS MOVIE COULD BE A TRUE STORY.A PROVEN FACT WAS,THERE WAS A PRIEST NAMED FRANCIS SOMETHING,THAT RECIEVED TWO HOLES IN HIS WRIST AND IT WAS BELIEVED THAT HE SEEN JESUS CHRIST.NOW THE MAN IS DEAD AND HE CAN BE  VISITED.HIS COFFIN IS MADE OF GLASS.WHEN I FIND OUT HIS NAME I WILL MAKE  ANOTHER REVIEW.BUY THIS MOVIE.
B00004RIV4|5.0|Best tracks include , absent minded friends , pure new pleasure seeker , the time is now , mother ,somebody somewhere, sing it back .
630407185X|4.0|This film is very meaningful to me, because as the daughter of an 82nd Airborne paratrooper and his English GI Bride wife, my father told me about this firsthand.<br />I know Ryan O'Neill is not the person I would have chosen  as General Gavin, who he did not physically resemble at all.  However,  Gavin was idolized by his men, he jumped with them and refused to be, as he  put it, &quot;an armchair General&quot;.   Dad told me that they  &quot;would have followed Gavin to the gates of hell&quot; with no  question.  He was a beloved leader.<br />This is an excellent film and  confirms what my father told me.<br />Jackie
0880790121|2.0|I purchased this deck after seeing pictures of it on-line.  They looked to be very colorful and a well drawn deck.  I was however very disappointed when I actually got the the deck in my hands.  They remind me very much of  the comic books that my brothers read as kids.  The drawings are not at all  well done and the colors are rather dark.  I really have problems relating  to these cards at all.  We all have different tastes however and so many  may enjoy this deck.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Affirmation is quite exceptional, After listening to this Album, I realized that this was the first time in my life that I liked every song on one album. The music is filled with great Emotion, but at the same time,  this Emotion is tamed like a stallion. Which in turn makes all the music  very mature and enjoyable.
B00002Z88D|1.0|I have been a Metallica fan ever since the days of Master of Puppets and I accepted the black album and after that if was obvious they sold out! And this album just makes me laugh, if you are a true old Metallica fan you  won't like this, but if you like NSync or Britney Spears I'm sure you'll  love it because I see them doing a song or album together in the future!
B00003CWMI|5.0|Bicentennial Man, in my opinion has to be one of the best films of the past year.  I did not think I would really enjoy it.. after seeing how many great science fiction books have been butchered when put to film, but  I  have to take my hat off to this one.  It has earned its place in my top 10  list of favorite films...
B000005GYI|5.0|Little did I know, when I bought this record a few years ago, that so much emotion, beauty and spirit could fit inside a small plastic disc. This record- at least for me- has been a Pandora's box of emotions that ever  since I have opened has heightened so many special moments in my  life...Listen with ears and heart open.
0451169514|5.0|This is a really good book. King really gets you in the story and the way he discribes his characters almost make you feel like they are right besides you. This is a really spooky book with howsome parts. The whole  description of what happens is great. King is a master.
6302638771|5.0|...a companion piece to the constitution test.It is creepy to me the way the factual basis of this movie is slammed.I have read books on both sides of the equation and it seems to me that any alterations this movie has made  from the original course of history were minor alterations that  were made  for rhythm and dramatic effect and have not changed the bottom line truth.  Not even Jar Jar Binx has had to put up with this kind of character  ASSASSINATION!This film's loudest and most persistent critics and the  people who parrot them are suspicious to me.This is Oliver Stone's  masterpiece and to me that is saying quite something.
6305291489|2.0|This remake of classic of &quot;The Parent Trap&quot; is but I like the orginal better!To start off the girls were from New England and California(not California and England! ) . The makers of this remake threw  in a bunch of unneed material(like the hotel junk,the women trying to  seduce Dennis Quaid,the brief camping trip etc!) As for the DVD , it lacks  extra features such as commentary from cast,director,behind the  camera,production notes etc! What we got is another bare bones DVD that  lack the stuff the other studios such as New Line,MGM,Paramount etc pack  into thier DVD's ! if you want to see this movie check your library or your  video store to rent the DVD before you buy it! Also Disney when are you  going to release the orginal &quot;Parent Trap&quot; on DVD? also Disney  start improveing your DVD's and bring the consumers the extra features we  desire on this great new format that kicks VHS big time!
B00003Q438|5.0|When I'd first heard that Fox's transfer would be widescreen but non-anamorphic I was thoroughly disappointed... until a trustworthy friend urged me to take a look at it.  I did.  And he was right.  It looks and  sounds astounding.  Crisp and sharp and oh, so very blue.  It's a great  image.  And the audio is fully enveloping.  The two-disc set is also just  mind-boggling in the extras department.  I didn't know where to begin.   Amazing.  Incredible.  Along with Criterion's edition of &quot;Brazil&quot;  this is just about the cream of the DVD crop.
B00001QEE9|2.0|I would review the movie just the DVD! First of all there are no making of, storyboard,production notes or any extra features ! The only extra feature you get with this DVD is the trailer! Oh, did I mention that the  DVD has beautiful picture on it! Rent it first ,then buy at Disney  outragous price that they want for this DVD! Just watch later on Disney  will reissue it (and the others in their collection with all the extras  this DVD lack! If you want those extra features stick with the studios  Disney owns! They are Miramax,Dimension,Hollywood Pictures,Touchstones  Pictures,ABC network,Anchor Bay and Walt Disney Pictures! I hope this info  helps others looking for disney movies other than the animated movies!
B00000JWVO|5.0|How many times have I watched it?  I love Macavity and Mister Mistofelees and EVERYTHING!  I show this movie to all my friends.
B000002UB3|5.0|In 1969, after recording very long and tedious sessions with &quot;Let It Be&quot;, the Beatles came together for their last recording, &quot;Abbey Road.&quot;  Their result was a record with pure rock and roll and  thoughtful insight on politics, relationships, and by far, their best  recorded track (personal opinion), &quot;The End.&quot;  Every track is  wonderful.  I would rate it 6 stars if I could.
B000002KBU|5.0|Sometimes the covers of Joni Mitchell's albums, which are often done by Mitchell herself, give clues to how the emotional outlook of an album is. Her first three albums were rather light and airy musically if not lyrically. But with her fourth album BLUE, Mitchell was despondent all across the board. Sadness and misery often result in an artist's best work, and BLUE is certainly one of Joni's finest albums. The spare sonics of songs like &quot;Carey&quot;, &quot;A Case of You&quot;, and &quot;The Last Time I Saw Richard&quot; match the nakedness of Joni's emotions that are conveyed throughout the album. Even lighter songs like &quot;This Flight Tonight&quot; (later covered by Nazareth) have more than their fair share of melancholy. While not the greatest album of her career (choosing one would be tough), BLUE is probably the highlight of her '70s work.
B000002UZ1|5.0|Here's another collection for the Beatles appreciators out there.  This is another album I had in my youth that I wore out and getting it on CD was just too good!  This CD contains all the greats, the thoughtful and stylish  songs to the rocked-out, drug-influenced tunes.  It is here, it has it all,  Remastered for superior sound, it's a keeper!  GET IT!
B000002KOJ|5.0|I'll go out on a limb and say that Joni Mitchell is probably the greatest female musical personality of the last three decades. She's also an artist that still commands great respect in her career at a time when other female  artists who quote Mitchell as an influence are the ones ruling the charts.  Mitchell's latest appearance on ROSIE O'DONNELL should revive interest in  her career at the very least. Those new fans looking for a place to start  may wanna try out her second album CLOUDS. Her self-titled debut just  hinted at the potential Joni Mitchell was capable of, but CLOUDS manifested  it. Looking at the dates for songs like &quot;That Song About The  Midway&quot;, &quot;I Don't Know Where I Stand&quot;, and &quot;Tin  Angel&quot;, these are quite insightful and advanced for a woman still in  her mid-twenties. Of course, the two songs that most fans will recognize in  an instant are &quot;Chelsea Morning&quot; and &quot;Both Sides Now&quot;.  Judy Collins may have been the first to popularize these songs, but when  sung from their actual creator, they sound a lot better. While not hit  singles more than standards, these could still be called the most popular  tunes to come off of CLOUDS. While Joni Mitchell's later work can be  difficult and quite idiosyncratic, CLOUDS is by far the best a new fan can  get when starting out their collection.
B000002UYZ|5.0|Here is a collection for one of the biggest fans of the Fab Four (like me), or for the moderate listener to Beatles tunes.  Each track is a hit and is a familiar hummer or toe-tapper that EVERYONE knows.  I first had  this set when I was a pre-teen on vinyl (wore it out), then on cassette  when I was a teen (wore it out, also), and now, finally, on CD!  Also, it  sounds GREAT!  The remastering process is absolutely astonishing.  This is  a MUST for anyone who wants to own Beatles music.  Get it!
B000002OZY|5.0|I just recently got into older music and started with Floyd and Zeppelin, but as soon as I got this CD, i realized the unsurpassed talent of The Who.  I would recommend this album to anyone, even if they haven't listened to  The Who before.  It is quite possibly the greatest album I own and I doubt  there is much better.  This is my favorite after owning it less than a  week, everyone else should love it too.
6305750750|3.0|I saw Phantom Menace in the theater shortly after it came out and then saw it again on VHS.  The second time around got no better.  This movie could have been ten times better.  The plot was a convoluted mess of political garbage.  The storyline should have focused more on characters with the  political scene happening in the background.   That was the secret behing  the first three movies.  There was focus on the characters. ...Long live the force.
0060922583|5.0|As a student of ACIM(r), I found this a wonderful read. It is written brilliantly, and easily guides one with an open mind from the concept of linearity, to the concept of holograms and holographic time. Written with  common sense examples, and clarity of thought.
B000000W94|4.0|After listening to this masterpiece,there should be no doubt about the giant stature of Gary Moore as a musician.Paradoxically,while paying tribute to the great Peter Green,he reveals himself as a powerful bluesman  in his own right.
630575067X|5.0|The fight seens in this movie are awsome,the cordination took them 2 months to do the final fight with Darth Maul. Out of all of the Star Wars movies i think this is the best!  Ray Park is a 2 time world  champion martial artist and he played Darth Maul, so if you like fighting  movies,and action movies buy this movie  today!
B00003CXDD|4.0|.....except for the evil sting of the critics! What can I say that has not already been said in this review forum. This is a great movie that has never gotten the respect that it deserves. I never understood why WILLOW was always referred to as a Star Wars [take-off] because in my opinion, it is unlike anything ever attempted. The story is great, the effects are fantastic (even by todays standards), the performances are good, and Ron Howards direction is splendid. This definitely needs to be released on DVD. I have the widescreen laserdisc and it is just beautiful! Forget the pan and scan versions, wait on the DVD. Hopefully, Lucasfilm will give it an all-star treatment complete with audio commentary, original trailers, and deleted scenes. I would give my right arm to see the scene with the boy in the lake that becomes a monster. Willow uses the magic acorn to turn the monster into stone (which would use up all three acorns instead of just two)! One of my favorite characters in the movie is Sorsha, played by the beautiful Joanne Whalley. Both she and Val Kilmer married after completing this movie. I hope we don't have to wait for a re-release to much longer, for it is way overdue!
6304211740|5.0|I loved this video.  I can't seem to get it out of my mind.  William Hurt should have received an award for this film.  I think it is the best movie I have seen in a long time.  Buy it you'll love it too.
B00000J7J4|1.0|This is pants ... worst Santana album ever ... and that includes the one he did with Alice Coltrane.
6304211740|5.0|I thought that William Hurt's performance in the movie was the best I had ever seen.  He was spectacular. When I saw a part of this movie on tv, I immiedialy ran out to buy it.  I had missed some of it, but it was coming  on again in a couple of days. I just couldn't wait.  I went right out and  bought it. There were several Jane Eyre viedos on the shelf but this is the  one I had to have.  And it was all because of William Hurts mesmerizing  performance.  He is the best.  I still watch this video several times a  week.  It is truly one of my all time favorites.
6305079811|4.0|After seeing this movie in a cramped, panned and scanned version for years, I was happy to finally see it in all its gaudy, wide-screen glory.  It was as if I had never seen the complete movie before. For example, when  the pilots are killed at the beginning of the film, I had always thought  that the plane was hit by a meteor.  In wide-screen, it is revealed that it  is a giant, disembodied Ming head that hits the plane.  Cool!  I couldn't  believe that I missed a detail like that on VHS.  While seeing the movie on  DVD was a kick, I must admit that the disk could have been much better.   First of all, there are lots of dings and scratches that take a degree of  enjoyment away from the film. This is surprising since the movie is only 20  years old. It is too bad that TPTB did didn't care enough to clean it up to  make it reference quality.  Secondly, other that a chapter list, there are  no extra material.  Imagine a special edition with directors commentary and  insights from the cast.  I would love to hear what Von Sydow, Topol and  Blessed have to say about this film today.  Deleted scenes would be fun and  a still file of promotional materials would be great.  Any type of behind  the scenes footage would be facinating.  Oh well, it's a nice to dream, but  lets face it, it's never going to happen. In any event, if you love this  film, The DVD is the way to go.  If you have never seen this flick, get  your toothbrush or whatever and prepare yourself for a wild ride!
6304211740|5.0|I loved this video.  I can't seem to get it out of my mind.  William Hurt should have received an award for this film.  I think it is the best movie I have seen in a long time.  Buy it you'll love it too.
B00000JCB2|5.0|......i wish they didn't put 'n 2 together now' coz the song is a rap song not a rap/metal song.i liked the rapping in most of the songs but this was wrong.anyway the other songs are great especially  'nookie(the better  rap/metal song)','trust?' and 'nobody like u' with jon davis definitely one   of their better work.anyway get this for the  rap/metal thing,not of that  rap song.peace y'all.
0316920045|5.0|I finished Infinite Jest about three years ago.  Even so, I remember the reading experience as vividly as I remember eating oranges for breakfast this morning.  When the covers of the book were open, I lived in a  different place and among a different group of people.  I loathe sappy  love-notes to writers and books, particularly those penned by the Gen-X  crowd, but the world DFW created in Infinite Jest was for that month or so  as sharply real -- as sad, funny, bawdy, dumb, pointless, meaningful,  infinitely inconclusive -- as the actual world that pushed back in when I  closed the book's covers.  I am a jaded reader to whom that never, ever  happens.  For it to happen at this stage of my reading life is a gift,  because it means that I will continue to read good hard books forever,  confirmed in the knowledge that it is possible for someone to create  something this good, and that if I keep working and reading I may once  again be fortunate enough to find it.
B00000DCHI|5.0|I recently had a discussion in which I was asked what one CD or double CD I can't live without. This is the one I came up with. There is just so much musical genius in this set, from the classic &quot;Piano Man&quot;, the  tender &quot;Just The Way You Are&quot;, the nostalgic &quot;Goodnight  Saigon&quot; to my personal favorite &quot;Scenes From An Italian  Resteraunt&quot;. And talk about issues, there's love, the trauma of  Vietnam, the evil of vanity, the fancy of reckless youth, questionig of  Catholic belief, despair, anddisillusionment, and the pressure of living...  who can't find somethng to relate to in this stuff? If you love Billy Joel  and you can't afford to get all of his albums, or you simply want the best  of what he has to offer, this is the only one you need!
B000006NPY|5.0|for, &quot;adore,&quot; the smashing pumpkins, one of the best and most rocking bands of all time, turned down the volume from the misunderstood teen roar of, &quot;Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness.&quot; the band  gave the mosh-hungry alternative fans of america something to study closely  and relax to at night. this is a lullabye album, although it never, ever  gets boring.<br />this is the pumpkins scariest album to date. blood-thirsty  dirges like, &quot;ava adore,&quot; and, &quot;pug,&quot; meld into the  feel-good rock vibes of, &quot;Perfect,&quot; and, &quot;Behold! The Night  Mare.&quot; Like all of the bands past efforts, you never can expect what  will happen next. At one moment he will be singing about love and passion,  and in another he will be smirking about pulling your crooked teeth so that  you can be perfect just like him. Billy Corgan once again becomes a  chamelion: from a rock&amp;roll messiah to a shivering, vampiric little  lamb.<br />so all in all, this is one of the best albums that i have ever  heard. it's soft without becoming redundant, and it becomes a handsome  companion to all of their other work, and a testament to their fine  experimentation. all of my friends complain about how this album doesn't  sound like Mellon Collie, when in reality, only remedial bands like  Matchbox 20 and Kid Rock sound the same on every album, and, yes, every  song.<br />i would definitely call, &quot;adore,&quot; and essential album, so  enjoy it and embrace the night.
6303593666|5.0|It is fascinating to watch a film done so beautifully yet all the while focusing on a man who isresponsible for the slaughter of millions of innocent people. Watch itfor the beautiful filmmaking, but also watch it as a cautionary tale. Every political science class should make this film a requirement to teach the effectiveness of film propaganda. This is a movie that grabs you, haunts you, but ultimately, it is a film that you cannot ignore.  END
0767802659|2.0|You might appreciate this film for outstanding special effects, superb sound and picture quality inspite of it's bad script and political correctness.
0767802551|4.0|Al Pacino and Johnny Depp shine in this based-on-real-life account. The film itself is wonderful, although I hear it's not as good as the book (isn't that usually the case?). The DVD quality itself is very good, but I  wish there were some worthwhile extras (there's just a trailer). It  should've contained audio commentary by Pistone himself, or at least the  filmmakers. Ahh, well - it's still a worthwhile addition to your Mob or  Pacino collection!
B00000F1D3|5.0|Cher's new dance album &quot;Believe&quot; is absolutely great. In this CD, Cher brings her vocal talents to a totally new hip dance CD. My Favorites on this album include &quot;Believe&quot;, &quot;All Or  Nothing&quot;, &quot;Strong Enough&quot;. This is a great CD, and I give it  a five star rating. So what are you waiting for? Buy it!
B00004RE7C|4.0|When I read the review about all the problems this DVD could have I got a bit worried that I'd get very angry when I recived this. But when I inserted it into my PC-DVD it worked perfectly. I'm not doubting that many  of the DVD's might be defect. I don't know anything about that. It worked  just fine on mine at least.<br />When it comes to the movie I don't think I'll  say anything. I'm sure you know what it's about and so on (if not, just  look above before the reviews) I don't think this is a bad movie. OK, it's  not the best of the bunch, but it's a good movie that holds many memorable  scenes.<br />When it comes to the quality of the DVD I have to say: Excelent!  The image quality is very very good. It's sharp and shows few signs of dust  or other faults. And when it comes to the audio, the movie has never  sounded so good. The Dolby Digital 5.1 track sucks you into the movie, and  makes the experiance better than ever. The sound is clear and with good use  of the back speakers.<br />With the everlasing lack of extras on the Star Trek  disc, you get what you see, the movie and some trailers. I'd had loved to  have more extras, but this is what we get, and what we do get, seems to be  presented like it should be.
047158651X|5.0|I find this book the best of is kind. This is mainly due to the many details and very good reaction-chemistry. Competing books tend to reduce chemistry to the cartoon level. Biochemistry by Voet &amp; Voet show the  way by their detailed and precise, easy-to-follow reaction chemistry. This  book, is the best choice for students that want to learn biochemistry, and  not just passing exams.
0767802519|5.0|Luc Besson is just one of those contemporary directors who stuns you every time adding his french touch to this American funded movie. If you liked Subway and nikita the Professional or Leon in my neck of the woods is a  must see. It's not as good as his earlier stuff but the amazing  performances from Natalie 'star wars' Portman and Gary ' nil by mouth'  oldman is reason enough to buy this movie.
B000000FG8|5.0|Great CD, great music, great band. Nuff said
630575067X|1.0|What Lucas has done here is taken many many MANY years of excited anticipation that I've been building since the first whispers of more Star Wars movies were first heard back in the late eighties and squashed it all  flat with very poor dialogue, poor acting/lack of good matieral to work  with, transparent plot points, and alien races that practically make fun of  various ethnic groups.<br />As a very long time faithful fan of the Star Wars  series and having seen all the original movies on the widescreen when they  first came out, I was utterly disappointed with The Phantom Menace.  While  I was severely crushed because I missed seeing this on the big screen,  fifteen minutes into this video made me realize that I really wasn't  missing much other than being able to read the prologue properly as it  scrolled up the screen and the pod race scene in all its widescreen glory.  My list of grievances is too long to properly list them all here.  But I  would just like to point out that Jar Jar Binks was an unnecessary  sidekick--he was unintelligible most of the time and the excrement and  flatulance jokes were in poor taste and made the movie much less  sophisticated than it could have been.  Anakin was poorly played by a cute  boy who needs more acting training, Darth Maul's coolness was wasted, the  beginnings of any relationship between Anakin and Amidala were quite poorly  placed here and there, and Lucas' poor attempts at being clever with  several plot points only made the movie seem amatuerish and silly.  The  dialogue in many many many scenes were poorly written and painful to hear.   McGregor and Portman's talents were much wasted here and I was disappointed  by how two-dimensional their characters were.  The various aliens that  populated the movie were nothing compared with the complex alien races that  are portrayed in the Star Trek series.  There were too many obvious  elements of our own ethnic groups present in these beings to make them  properly &quot;alien&quot; to me and I found this to be insulting in many  ways.<br />Lucas may be aiming at a younger audience here, one which has not  grown up with the original series, which may explain many of the juvenile  jokes and juvenile dialogue--but I think I speak for many older fans who  have been enamoured of the series for the past 20+ years when I say that  this movie disappointed in a seriously crushing way.  Perhaps Lucas needs  to relinquish some creative control over the movies and allow someone to  step in who can HELP the next two movies.<br />The only reason this movie has  received even 1 star from me is because of the beautiful architecture and  scenery in the Naboo scenes, the pod race (minus the insultingly  non-hilarious announcers) and I happen to be a big fan of McGregor and  Portman.  Otherwise, this film deserves a half star at most--and this only  because it is a Star Wars movie.  Without the Star Wars label and hype,  this movie would be a below-average installment in another long-running  fantasy epic.
6302797535|5.0|Need I say this is a comic masterpiece?  Peter Sellers, James Coco, David Niven, Maggie Smith, Elsa Lancester, Peter Faulk, Eileen Brennan.  A great cast in a parody movie to top all parody movies.  The humor is fast and  furious.  You may want to watch it twice to catch all the jokes.  My only  disappointment, perhaps shared by anyone who's seen this in theaters, is  the video version ending.  In the theatrical release of this movie, there  was a funny scene at the end, which is not in the video release.   The  scene is Sellers (as Wang) is leaving the house, and Sherlock Holmes and  Dr. Watson (I forget the actor's names) are just arriving, and they ask  Wang directions to the house.  When they leave, his adopted son asks,  &quot;Pop.  Why didn't you tell them the whole thing's a sham?&quot; (or  something like that) then Wang laughs and says, &quot;Let them figure it  out for themselves.&quot;  I think that's the way it goes.  Since they cut  that scene from the video, I don't remember it too well.  Anyway, it's a  riot.  One of my favorite comedies of all time.
0312853238|5.0|This book was the first in a long time that I read in one sitting.  That I had to read in one sitting.  Just excellent.  Great story, great characters, wonderful writing.  Orson Scott Card deserved every morsel of  praise he got for this book, and then some.  If you haven't heard all the  rave reviews about this book already, or just haven't had the time to pick  it up, don't waste any more time and READ THIS.  You won't regret it.
0783225792|4.0|Casino is a great movie - it really lets you in on 1970's Las Vegas.  Also featuring great acting performances by DeNiro, Pesci &amp; Stone, the plot &amp; charactars really come off as believable (this much can not be said  of 90% of other movies made in the 90's).  The animorphic widescreen  transfer is far from perfect - there's lots of dancing pixels - but since  it was transferred in 1997, it's excusable (it's not bad by any means).   The audio in inexcusable, as they should have called it &quot;5.1 channels  of MONO.&quot;  If you're looking for extras, you're not gonna get them;  only the trailer &amp; cast bios are present.  Poor DVD treatment for one  of the best movies of the '90s.  This one gets 4 stars for the movie alone.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is a great CD. I like this one more than there old stuff. It is good. I think you'll like it too. Every blink fan should add this to there collection. oR No? It's so good. My fav songs are Dumpweed, Aliens exist,  Dysentery Gary, and The party song. My least fav is Mutt. But all and all  they all are damn good. Why are you still reading this?  Buy it! Buy It!  BUY IT!  You wont be disapointed. Well you might be, but that's not my  problem. uH! No! Not true!  Oh, and betht of all, there'th a bunch of men  in their underwear looking oh tho thexy behind the cover!  Thlong ith  juuthy! I must leave now.
630575067X|1.0|Ok, this movie isn't TERRIBLE, but it sure as hell isn't good.  The actors come across as manequins reading from a teleprompter, and the story doesn't move along well at all (Lucas better jam a LOT of information into Episode  II).  And just to add salt to the wounds, this video has the poorest visual  quality I've seen in a long time - the effects are ok, but the way they  come across on VHS are just terrible.  It has been known that Episode 1 IS  coming out on DVD at the end of the year, but I, for one, will not buy it.
B000021XS0|5.0|This joins the rank of the most immortal prog-rock titles of all time. If you liked Images and Words, which is more definitive of their style, imagine taking that and pushing it into a direction that old Rush albums  went. Yes, those 10+ opera-like instrumental oddyseys masterfully  integrated into a compelling storyline. This ain't your typical  verse-prechorus-chorus, all time-sigs and instruments are freeform. You  will hear sitars, backup singers, the whole nine yards. But like all albums  of this nature, you have to listen to it at least 10 times before you can  truly appreciate it.
B000009DUY|5.0|The Soundtrack to Saving Private Ryan is one of the best orchestral soundtracks I have ever heard in my life!   Coming from me that means alot.  I took it to school and my band teacher is trying to find the score  to the music he was so amazed by the blending and mixture of tones.  My  opinionis the same.  If you need a CD to buy this year or any other, buy  the Saving Private Ryan soundtrack.
0783240287|2.0|My family watched the show on PBS and fell in love with it.  So, with great excitement we bought the DVD - but what a disappointment.  Even my kids, who normally don't care if the sound is coming out of some cheap tape  player, asked if this was the same show.  I don't have DTS or Dolby Digital  playback - just the analog output into a Dolby ProLogic surround amplifier.   It sounds like they mixed the channels up - the rear sound effects (hand  claps, chains rattling, the narrator slurping her drink) come from the  front, and are louder than the singing.  You have to really crank the sound  up to hear most of the singing, and then some parts suddently come in so  loud they blow you away.  It was so uneven that I had to check my equipment  with other DVDs to make sure something wasn't broken.  I think they really  goofed up the DVD sound and should redo it.  <br />Bad DVD sound aside, we  loved the show!  There's such a fun variety in styles of music, and the  lyrics are really clever. (Hey, it's not easy getting &quot;pajamas&quot;  to rhyme with &quot;farmers&quot;.) The kids can't stop singing the tunes.
6300182355|5.0|This was one of my first sci-fi movies and it caused me to love the entire genre.  A couple years ago I saw the VHS in K-mart and had to have it!  Watching it again brought back so many memories.  <br />Ok so it wasn't a real  blockbuster but man did it stick out and become a cult film.  The  screenwriting aside there was some spectacular sets and costumes designed  for this film, not to mention the actors chosen.  Hmmm, never heard of Sam  Jones before, heard he used to do commercials but he did a good job being a  jock/space hero.  Melody Anderson as Dale was satisfactory to pull off the  role.  Topol as Zarkov made things more interesting, good choice.  <br />The  real shiners were the supporting cast who seem to really be having fun.   Brian Blessed as a jovial Hawkman leader, and the debonair Timothy Dalton  as Prince Baron, the suave hero-like Arborian leader.  <br />The bad guys were  even better!  Peter Wyngarde giving the comic-looking Kyltus an evil edge,  and I love Max Von Sydow as emperor Ming.  That is probably the best  casting choice in the entire movie.  He just fills the role with every  ounce of evil as the comic character, great performance!  My mom wouldn't  let me watch Flash Gordon as a kid when she saw Ornella Muti as Princess  Aura in her dazzling array of sexy ensembles and relentless teasing.  Now  that I'm moved out I can drool all I want. Yummy! <br />If you remember the  80s with any nostalgia at all this movie is for you.  This pokes fun at  sci-fi bringing some humor back into it after Alien (1979) shocked and  scared everyone.  I recommend this movie for anyone looking to just  watch  something fun.  Great for parties, fun to laugh at, hard to forget, the  immortal Flash Gordon.
0783211856|5.0|This was a great movie. Schindlers List And Saving Private Ryan are director Steven Spielbergs best.  These movies have the best acting that I have ever seen. Both storys take place in World War 2.  I own Saving  Private Ryan On DVD.  Now I need Schindlers List out on DVD to set beside  The Private Ryan DVD in my collection.
B000002C1X|5.0|I was only 10 when my older brother brought this record home back in 1980. When he eventually moved out one of the first things I did was buy my very own copy of it. As much as I enjoyed The Wall when I was younger, I have  developed a much deeper appreciation of it as I have gotten older. I find  it hard to believe it is 20 years old. Every time I put it on it sounds  new. It's so tragically beautiful (to me, at least) parts of it often make  me cry. Songs like Mother, Comfortably Numb, Goodbye Blue Sky, The Trial ,  Waiting for the Worms and In the Flesh never fail to floor me, and there  are portions of this record that, for me, are almost too beautiful for  words. It's an amazing piece of work.
0393317552|3.0|In short, the author pulls together current archeology and anthropology with ad hoc reasoning to come up with a story to explain the disparities  seen in the modern world, rediscovering Marxism in the process.<br /><br />After  decades in New Guinea bird-watching, the author writes in the prologue his  goal is to explain why \\"...Europeans, with their likely genetic  disadvantage and (in modern times) their developmental disadvantage, end up  with much more [material success]. Why did New Guineans wind up  technologically primitive, despite what I believe to be their superior  intelligence?\\"<br /><br />The author assesses superior intelligence based on  the native's ability to find their way in the jungle, where Europeans find  themselves lost.  In this way, the uniquely human ability to abstract  knowledge symbolically is discarded as a sign of intelligence in favor of  finding ones way around a jungle -- an ability found in creatures with  microscopic brains.<br /><br />The author says New Guinean's genetic superiority is  due to their not being affected by indiscriminate diseases like Europeans.  They were naturally selected for intelligence. Specious stuff -- and the  book is filled with it.<br /><br />The West obviously dominates encounters with  other cultures due to superior technology, organization, etc. This does not  yield the right answer, so these are called proximate causes. In order to  get the right answer (dumb luck), it is necessary to push the origin of the  advantage back 13,000 years into conveniently prehistoric times.<br /><br />The  author is up-front with his intentions; one knows from the start of the book that he believes people of the third world are the same or, preferably, better than we (he) are, despite  the actual results obtained, evidence of which we see around us generation  after generation.<br /><br />At times, the author seems unhappy with civilization.  We live in a world dependent on complex systems we don't have the time or  ability to understand. If ones feels guilty about seemingly unearned  material wealth, its easy to feel (falsely) virtuous by identifying with  those who don't have it.<br /><br />One major problem is the author assumes that  human history is only a product of economic forces.  He speculates whether  individuals have any effect on the broad sweep of history before concluding  they probably don't.<br /><br />Others who think like this are usually called  Marxists. Replace the book's take on aboriginal people with the proletariat  and the underlying philosophical assumptions lead in the same direction.  The author is probably not a Marxist, just starts with a set of assumptions  that lead inevitably to its rediscovery.<br /><br />Marxism has been discredited at  tremendous cost, yet keeps popping up to delight Pulitzer Prize committees  and PC types in academia. They share interest in pushing the buttons and  turning the knobs to direct the automatons that are us toward their perfect  society. They have adopted a material-causation worldview at odds with  reality; it keeps failing. They don't know why, since they are barely aware  of their underlying assumptions (or the alternative is unthinkable). Thus,  the same erroneous ideas keeps recycling in different guises, always with  the hope the next take will be the guide to man-made Utopia.<br /><br />A different  \\"assumption\\" one could make is that humans are moral agents who  initiate new chains of cause-and-effect without preceding causes. This  assumption is supported by most of human history in that people who accept  it as true create things of lasting value. It would have resulted in a  totally different book.<br /><br />By instead adopting the (failed) materialist  model of human history and treating people as automatons responding to  economic forces, the author ends up writing a book filled with interesting  but often selective facts, linked by irrelevant conclusions that can only  mislead people from actual lessons of history.<br /><br />Truth, justice, and fully  realized human potential will not be found by romanticizing the desolation  of the Third World or by propping up stone-age peoples while denigrating  \\"ourselves\\". Just the opposite.<br /><br />But there are those who feel a  spiritual calling they cannot respond to directly due to their irreligion;  they think they find it by taking responsibility for those worse off than  themselves. Others just know that if they can turn the whole world into the  Third World, it's easier to be \\"on top\\". Kings need peasants.  It is these two groups for whom this book will click. How else can one  explain the dismissal of math, science, philosophy, in favor of  \\"jungle knowledge\\" as a sign of intelligence?
0671027344|5.0|charlie's story starts out like that of a somewhat emotionally tortured teen. his best friend michael has killed himself. charlie goes through stages of loneliness(when realizing how things have changed from junior  high to high school) , hope(when making new friends), and realization(when  coming to terms with his painful past). this book is a must-read for anyone  of any age. i changed throughout the book, charlie's story really made me  think. **also--charlie likes to use the word &quot;incidentally&quot;. **
B000002U8A|3.0|Most of the songs on this album are actually quite decent (the only absolutely abominable songs being &quot;Cracks On The Pavement&quot; and &quot;I Take The Dice&quot;), but compared to the excellently  poppy-yet-understated production of &quot;Rio&quot; before it, the songs on  this album are hideously overproduced. &quot;Of Crime And Passion&quot; and  &quot;Shadows On My Side&quot; to name a couple of examples really lose a  great deal of their impact from this said overproduction. The hits  &quot;The Reflex,&quot; &quot;Union Of The Snake,&quot; and &quot;New Moon  On Monday&quot; have strong enough songwriting to break through the album's  numerous flaws, but it's only worth getting for a brainless 45-minute  listen, and you'll find yourself listening to the first pair of albums a  whole lot more than this.
0312857063|5.0|This series so far is outstanding. It was so good it kept from preparing for my exams. The only thing i didn't like about it is Richard and Kahlans life it terrible. Will they ever be at peace. In fact events go from bad to  worse. But i think that is what makes the book so good.
6303160344|5.0|Blue by Krzysztof Kieslowski is one of those movies that you have to be in the right mood to watch it, in order to better understand it and like it. The story is not as simple as it seems to be. Julie looses her husband and  a little daughter in a car accident, she sells their house and everything  they had, and dissapears. Of course, life and death themes are inseperable  from  all Kieslowki's movies, but this one goes deeper than his other ones.  Blue shows how unexpected things happen to everybody, how, most of the  time, we are lost in our lives, and how nothing is predictible. Blue is  about love, different kinds of love; about hate, about all those feeling we  have inside us, but hardly ever talk about. Blue can be a sad story, and  make you depress, or if you watch it from another perspective it will have  a positive effect on you. That is what makes this movie so unique- each  time you try to analyze it, you will discover something new, because it has  so many different meanings. Simply fascinating! Juliette Binoche's acting  is wonderful. Zbigniew Preisner's music is breathtaking. Blue is a real  masterpiece!
0805209999|5.0|Kafkaesque: Impenetrably oppresive or nightmarish, as in the fiction of Franz Kafka.<br />Indeed, &quot;The Trial&quot; is the epitome of this adjective used to describe the haunting novels of Franz Kafka.<br />Breon  Mitchell's translation is fantastic as it expands and clarifies the first  version by the Muirs. A lengthy translators preface is included, written by  Mitchell, explaining the reasoning for this new translation based on the  German definitive edition. Various examples of the text (in German) are  also used in the explanations of the hows and whys.<br />On to the story  itself. Josef K. awakens one more to find that he's been arrested. He  doesn't know why and is never told. His daily life is allowed to go on over  the course of the year the novel takes place, while trying to understand  what is happening. Throughout this process Josef begins to sink further  into paranoia and guilt, with the fate of his life in the  balance....<br />This is a deep and dense novel, with various interpretations.  It's scary to realize that this could actually happen (perhaps not on this  scale) and that's one of things Kafka excels at. Taking the everyday  mundane and catapulting it into the realm of the absurd and  nightmarish..<br />The leftover fragments of &quot;The Trial&quot; are also  included after the story, adding further insight into this tragic story.  It's also worth it to pick up the Muir's translation, to see the  differences, and to have the original english version to keep.<br />A must  read.
B000002KO3|5.0|This is possibly one of the greatest STUDIO recordings ever released. Eno and company take the art of overdubbing into a whole new galaxy on this release. The track &quot;The Great Curve&quot; is amazing. There are tons  of things going on during this six minutes. Voices overdubbed upon voices,  and bongo drums mixed very high. The playing is masterful, and the  production is simply amazing, especially for 1980...an age before computers  and programs such as PROTOOLS are in most studios to make even the most  tone deaf individual sound like a rock star. I strongly encourage adding  this CD to your collection, for the hard core fan, or the novice. NOTE: It  is a hard first listen. It took me a good 10 times through the entire CD to  make me like it. It's one of those albums that grows on you with time. Give  it an honest chance.
B00003A9QI|5.0|Academy Award winner Rachel Portman has fashioned a beautiful and poignant score for a beautiful and poignant film. The gentle touch of the score echoing into the air as soon as the opening credits roll sets the stage for  tears, laughter, and heartache to come forth. The main theme arouses the  sense of tenderly love and sensitive emotion, as it expresses the fact that  love and the trials of life do not have to determine your fate or path in  life, just as Homer Wells in the story does. Tracks 10, 15, and 16 could  have you bawling your eyes out if you heard it while sitting in the  darkened theater watching the tender images on the screen. It doesn't take  much to make one start crying and sniffing when the score takes over the  atmosphere either in the theater or in your own home. Its frail tones,  droplets of high notes, and fragile rhythms tell us that we must handle the  good things in life with extreme care and caution, because we could easily  take it for granted and not know we have it until it is either cruelly or  justly taken away from us. This also applies to the fact that the good  things in our lives tend to go unnoticed until a life-changing event causes  us to stop and reflect at what we have. For me it made me realize who my  one true friend was at a time of peril and personal tragedy in the face of  cruel deception. The score made me cry when I realized what I had in life  that was true and what was fake. Portman's score for this film not only  shows the emotional power of the film, but also life itself. No other  composer could have captured such a rare essence of human life and drama.  Women are said to be best at the relationship and human thing when it comes  to creativity and Rachel Portman is no stranger to that aspect. She won an  Oscar in 1996 for her score to &quot;Emma&quot; and was nominated for this  one, which would have been a tearful triumph if she had won. She has the  rare gift of taking hold of the heart of human emotion and applying the  magical notes of music to make it come alive for others to feel and  experience. Of all the scores composed for films last year, this one stirs  the heart the most. If one listened to the score to the film &quot;Marvin's  Room,&quot; you can hear faint reminders of the gem of a score she composed  for that film. No composer could have created what she did for this  picture, and everytime I hear the score, my heart and eyes swell with  emotion, and I feel so thankful for what I have in my life that I know is  true, and you may feel the same way once you hear this tender score.
0880381736|5.0|I have been a true fan of both Tracy and Margaret for many years!   The Chronicles series is one favorite of many.  It is the ultimate balance of good and evil.  I find my self in the shoes of Tanis but also I find my  self infatuated with Rastlin.  As you turn the pages you find your self  tring to figure the both of them out.  Not to mention Tasselhoff.  It's  Comedy, Romance, and Adventure all wrapped up in one.  I find my mind  drifting to Krynn and wondering what trouble Tasslehoff is getting poor old  Flint into. This is truely  just the beginning of a great series!
157270036X|4.0|To Killl A Mockingbird is a slow start book.  Harper Lee put herself in the book as Scout.  She has a brother, Jem, her father is Atticus, and a family cook, Calpericus.  The time period is of when people were very  racist.  Their father is a lawyer and ends up defending an  &quot;innocent&quot; black man.  The family is singled ou, plus they have a  black cook.  Time passes, and Atticus gets older, so Jem does more things  with Scout. Yes, I would have someone read this book.  It goes through a  very interesting court trial.  The trial displays the feelings white people  had for black people.  Once you get past the begining, the book keeps your  attention, and makes you want to keep reading.  There are many exciting  &quot;run-ins&quot; with characters that are a joy to read.
B000002J09|4.0|This album is definitely a must for Zepplin fans. Songs such as BLACK DOG and the unforgettable STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN are just a few of what makes the album so great. Led Zepplin is a timeless band that appeals to all. I know,  becuase I'm only 16 but I love Led Zepplin and can't get enough. If your a  Zepplin fan, or even if your not, and you don't own this album, I suggest  you get it. It's one of the best!
0553275569|5.0|This is a page turner, par excellence.  Most media descriptions of astronauts and space exploration are bland at best.  This is history as narrative and you never want it to end.  The astronauts themselves come to  life as never before or since.  Mr. Wolfe captures the era perfectly.  It  is as if you are right there with the whole cast of characters in the space  program.  This is exciting stuff, unlike the endless boring coverge of  space exploration on television that dominated the era.  This is the real  stuff.  Mr. Wolfe's masterful description of what it is like to land a jet  fighter on a aircraft carrier will stay with you forever.  Sadly, The Right  Stuff has to end, and Mr. Wolfe admits that he could have continued on and  on but had to end it somewhere.  I am sorry that was true.
B000002MY3|5.0|I've had this album for years and am just now writing this, but I can definitely say that this is one of the best albums I own. I had never had music influence me before Alanis came along. She put raw emotion into her  songs without holding back. I admired that. If you want to hear a truely  good album, I suggest you pick it up!
B00000IO4J|3.0|While in it's essence a rip-off of Invasion of The Body Snatchers, it does mock itself. Basing itself on other much better sci/fi movies. The film is well written and with a top-notch cast, of which Jordana Brewster stands  out. Film references should keep film buffs interested. Ultimately  entertaining but never thought-provoking, which is an important element in  a sci/fi movie, good thing it doesn't take itself to seriously. From a  scale of 1-10 I give this film a 6!
B000002JSN|4.0|In my opinion, this is one of the best albums ever made.  I can't say I love every single song, but the majority of the album is great. I thought they had a unique collaboration of songs which made for one of their best  albums. From this also came their classic KASHMIR which is unbelievable! If  you don't own this album, I suggest you run out and get it.  You won't be  dissapointed!
B00003Q438|4.0|While this under-water epic concentrates more on the action/suspense sequences it does have some nice sci/fi plot elements. A technical marvel with breathtaking visual effects and sound. The action sequences are  intense and very well done, what else can you expect from James Cameron,  one of the best action directors of our times. The story is great and so is  the acting. The fantasy and sci/fi elements are fascinating but are put  beside to concentrate on the suspense. Great special effects and suspense  make this one definitely worthwhile. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film  a 7!
B00004R960|5.0|I'm posting my review on the &quot;clean version&quot; section since there doesn't seem to be enough here.. (click on the explicit one for loads of reviews)<br />This album is incredible; I loved it right away.  Go outside and  get yourself a copy, IMMEDIATELY. If Be Here Now rubbed you the wrong way  (I disagree with the critics, Be Here Now was rockin) SOTSOG won't. Its got  the rocking pit stuff (I Can See a Liar, Pur Yer Money Where Your Mouth Is)  the anthemic sing-alongs (Go Let it Out, Roll it Over) and the heartfelt  Noelesque songs, which are the true jewels of the album (Who feels love?,  Gas Panic!, WDIAGW?, and Sunday Morning Call).   Noel's lyrics on this  album also surpass any of the ones before- listen carefully to the Gas  Panic lyrics; they're pure genius.       The songs will take you on an  incredible journey through Noel's mind- it seems as if he's exploring many  personal issues he's had to deal with after becoming so huge- (an  increasing paranoia along with an anxiety of growing older) that is obvious  in his songs. It makes the album that much more appealing and endearing to  any listener who has any knowledge of what Oasis is all about.   However, I do miss the long intros/musical interludes and some of the  `earthiness' that was present in WTS(MG)? and Be Here Now.  An incredible  song like Gas Panic deserves more `air time' to set its mood.  I wonder if  it's because the pop-inclined Mark Stent polished up and chopped off too  much of the ruggedness of the album.         Nonetheless, this album is  enormously addictive and absolutely fantastic!  (And, if you can see them,  Oasis are even better live. They play a super tight set and Liam's voice is  flawless!)
0790731231|5.0|i don't really know what it is about this movie that i love so much. it doesn't make you think for hours on end about life and society, like many great movies. it doesn't have huge, intelligent plot twists. it doesn't  move you very much or inspire tears. this leads me to believe that it's  probably just the presentation and the realism. i guess it's just what the  director is acclaimed for,... great directing. it's basically just a  gritty, violent downward spiral of the main character and his friends. you  end up even liking joe pesci's character, even thought he commits some  horrible sins in the movie. in the end, though, it is a classic in my mind,  and one i can watch again and again without tiring. go out and watch it  now.
B000002UEB|5.0|Hey, have you got a metal band? Do you want to compose a conceptual album? Well, the first step to have a clue how to do that islistening to this master-piece from Queensryche. It is amazing, you sense it was written note  by note, slowly, well thinking. Great!
B00004KD1L|5.0|three words:  At the river....all the songs are wonderful but its worth the 16 bucks just for this track! If you appreciate music that takes you somewhere else, you wont be dissapointed.
B000002JPA|5.0|I would rate this cd as a classic. Along the the same lines as Moving Pictures (Rush), The Wall (Pink Floyd), Operation: Mindcrime (Queensryche),Yes Album, and Boston's first album. Awake, Dream theater's  third cd is very good as well but not up to the standard of this one. All  the songs are good but Surrounded and Take the Time are my favourites. This  cd really introduced me to the newer progressive rock. From Dream Theater I  have gotten interested in Fates Warning, Spock's Beard, Savatage, Shadow  Gallery, Enchant,and Symphony X (all of which are very good). I am a long  time Rush fanatic and am grateful to discover good new music. Thanks, Dream  Theater
B0000296SI|5.0|Even though Blink may have a nasty concept in their head, their music rocks!  If you are a sick minded person this will be mild. I wish they would play blinks songs on the radio. Keep on requesting so we can bring Blink 182 to the top!
0440219078|3.0|This book starts off very boring.  The first 50 pages areboring and I would skip over them.  The middle of the book is greatand it makes you wonder about our culture and if we could make improvments on it.  the end is wierd.  It leaves the reader not knowing what happened.
B00000253N|5.0|Having read the wafflings of my mainly American co-reviewers, a view from the UK. A friend of mine introduced me to this album in 1976, but being a heavy metal fan, and a Dylan cynic, I wasn't too keen to listen. However,  the songs were so strong and the emotions so intense, that I couldn't avoid  being enthralled.  This is without doubt the greatest album ever written.  'Nuff said!
0671042858|5.0|Stephen King is a master at creating great characters, and 9 year old Trisha is no exception as she tries to find her way back to civilization after becoming lost in the Maine woods.  This book is a quick and easy read  of a good story without any of the horror elements that are often present  in King's stories.
B00004RE7C|4.0|The Search for Spock is the best of the odd-numbered films.  This is primarily a character driven story which recalls the best episodes of the original series.  Spock's resurrection is handled surprisingly  convincingly--no magical regeneration with a shiny blue matte line here.  In all aspects, Leonard Nimoy does a fine job as director--he can clearly  handle a camera and get good performances from his actors.  The only  complaint I have about this film, and it's a minor one, is the replacement  of Kirstie Alley with Robin Curtis as Lt. Saavik.  Most of the special  effects have held up well over the years, and the few that haven't are not  overly distracting.  Star Trek has never been beholden to special effects,  but has generally relied upon character development and story--and this  emphasis has served it well.  As usual, Paramount has been skimpy with  extras--only a theatrical trailer this time, and an alternate French  soundtrack, and the movie could have used better chapter divisions.  The  picture has improved on both the VHS and Laser Disc issues--the colors are  more vibrant and crisper.  The sound has more impact than the earlier  versions.  I did not encounter the coding problems listed by a previous  reviewer.<br />Bring on The Wrath of Khan!
B0000203YT|5.0|The moivie was so much better than I ever dreamed.  It passed the test for good art. And in accord with classical tradition, a real catharsis takes place in the reader (viewer)  . I was so into this movied  that I sobbed  for a long time at its conclusion. The cast was very good, the sets so real  ,I really thought and felt I was right in there.  It seemed that the bard  himself had writen the play(movie).
0486283577|4.0|...filled, with interesting patterns.  I  almost made every dress, lol.
0671449028|5.0|This is my son's favorite book. It is just the right length for a 7month to 1yr plus child. He avidly turns the pages and loves to listen to my wife and I as we read the story aloud. Several of my friends own this book and  it has quickly become a favorite. If you are a first time Boynton reader  this is the Perfect book with which to start. Your child will love it.
0380730405|5.0|Je Revien!  Could describe my love affair with this book. After thirty  years of re-reads, it's still one of my all-time favorites. I get involved  in the characters and the storyline, and it's so well-written, the ending  is always a surprise.
B0000027I6|2.0|Roger Waters has to pull to side of the pretentiousness highway right now.  What was he thinking?  A track featuring Marv Albert (&quot;Yes&quot;!, that one) with a play by play a an oil rig being blown up? Pul-eease!  Good  production, but dull songs.  Only for the die-hard fans.
B000000OF6|5.0|After so many reviews, there isn't much left to say about the work of this band.What makes people enjoy their music (aprox. 130 million copies sold worldwide, even though they're not in the Rock n' Roll Hall of Fame)? Maybe  is the diversity of rock styles in their songs, maybe the powerful voice of  Mercury, or the sophisticated guitar arrangements of May, who knows.This CD  is definetely a brief story of a succesful career.
6305076626|5.0|This is genius defined.  This is art.  This is...it's Rocky, for God's sake!  It cannot be described it must be experienced!  The music is phenomenal and Tim Curry is sexy beyond imagination.  Though, I have to say  that this still can't compare to seeing it in theatre complete with call  lines, rice, and whatnot.  But it's still a great way to &quot;take Rocky  home with you&quot;.
0964385619|5.0|I wish I had a dad growing up to give me this sort of advice. What a different world we would we would have if we all got great advice from our fathers. For those who never got good love/romance advice from their dads,  I'd highly recommend The RoMANtic's Guide. These two books could change a  man forever.
0783227019|5.0|Yeah, I agree. Sean Penn definitely should have gotten his much deserved Oscar for the Kleinfeld role.....but this is Pacino's movie, no two ways about it. 'Somebody's pulling me close to the ground.... I can sense but I  can't see. I ain't panicked, I been here before.....'. After being gut-shot  in the movie's opening sequence, Carlito Brigante sinks to the ground and,  with the world and familiar faces spinning around him, he ponders the  happenings of the last couple of months....... The drama begins!  This  movie DEMANDS your uttermost attention from the start, and the story  unfolds with one surprising twist after another......A fine crime drama, a  beautiful love story and a once-in-a-lifetime experience as a whole. The  fast-paced, adrenalised, unbearable tension-filled final twenty minutes  will haunt you for the rest of your life, guaranteed.... You just don't get  better than this!
0380804557|4.0|Stardust is an enjoyable light read that has all the fantastical elements of some of Gaiman's Sandman work. It works for those that want to be whisked away to an imaginative time and place. It fails for those looking  for something with a bit of edge. You'd never guess this was the same guy  who wrote the Neverwhere.
B00000K19E|5.0|If you love action,sci-fi, and great special effects this is the movie. This movie was great in the theater but even better on dvd. I loved the cast, and story line. I can't wait for a follow up.
6303269869|5.0|THIS MOVIE SHOWS HOW AN ALCOHOLIC WILL NOT ONLY HURT HIMSELF (OR HERSELF) BUT HOW HIS OR HER ALL ENTOURAGE WILL BE HURT. WHAT I LIKE ABOUT THIS MOVIE IS THE FACT THAT BEING ALCOHOLIC WAS SHOWN AS BEING A SICKNESS.  IT IS  SIMPLY THE STORY OF A SICK WOMAN (A SICK HUMAN BEING) TRYING TO GET BETTER  WITH THE HELP OF HER LOVELY HUSBAND WHO DOES NOT KNOW EVERYTHING ECEPT THAT  HE LOVES HIS WIFE.
0517122707|5.0|I romped through this novel in only a few days - laughing all the way!  I'd never read anything so clever: so funny, yet wrought with the many sad and universal truths of this life.  Ignatius J. Reilly - a pathetic and sad  picture of a human being - being quite well-aware that he is possessed of a  vast superiority of mind - gallivants through New Orleans leaving all forms  of upheaval in his wake.<br />Ah - Toole brings New Orleans, a city I love  dearly, alive here - it swelters and breathes with every word on every page  of this epic work of art and wit!
0060282983|5.0|This book was so great.  I had to do a project in school aboutit and I loved every second of it.  I hope everyone agrees with me andfinds my review useful to them.
6300248550|5.0|&quot;Jane Eyre&quot; is one of my favorite novels - and of all the movie adaptations of this darkly beautiful masterpiece, this still remains the favorite of my heart.<br />  This is one of those beautifully-acted,  exquisitely-staged BBC productions that one just cannot get enough of!  True that Timothy Dalton's Mr. Rochester is a bit too handsome, but he  captures entirely the romance of this mysterious and fascinating personage.  Zelah Clarke is a simply wonderful Jane.  And the settings in this movie  are dark and lovely - just as I had pictured in my mind while reading the  book.<br />For those of you who love well-made adaptations of literary  classics - this is one movie that it would be very much a shame to miss!
0140177396|3.0|This book is about two guys that travel together named George and Lennie. Lennie is retarted and George takes care of him. The ending is really sad. We read this book in my language class because its supposed to be so good,  but I don't see what's so good about it.
B000002H8F|5.0|It seems as if the days of an entire album being great are fewer and farther between.  If you only have time for one Pixies album - this is the one.  The others are great, but &quot;Bossanova&quot; is a relentless piece  of music.  How this album ever got pushed under the rug by critics and fans  alike is mysterious.  Maybe the fact that this was the first Pixies album I  heard in it's entirety allowed my mind to be clear - or, pure, to all you  purists.  &quot;Bossanova&quot; is truly a 5-Star album.
0848801571|5.0|This is the first Arthur Clark book I've read, and i love it! It has origional, well presented ideas combined with well thought out charactor developement. the ending fit, and the book on a whole was very thought  provocing. i recomend it to anyone, weather they like sci-fi or not.
B00000JGOH|1.0|This movie in no way deserved the Oscar for best picture.  Yes, it was pretty to look at, but I found the story somewhat lacking.  The relationship between Fiennes and Paltrow seemed unbelievable, and did not  tug on my heartstrings the way &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; does.  Perhaps  I am the only one who cannot stand Paltrow's English accent, but I couldn't  stand hearing her speak through out the entire film.  Dame Judy Dench's  performance was memorable, yet did not warrent her Oscar for Best  Supporting Actress as Queen Elizabeth.  (She is only on screen for maybe  five minutes, total)  I'd recomend the movie, Elizabeth, over SIL anyday.   Both the film, and Cate Blanchette out-perform Shakespeare in Love by leaps  and bounds.
B000003S0P|5.0|It's too bad KC split up after this effort.  After releasing experimental albums like Lark's Tongue and Lizard, King Crimson finally found their niche on Red.  Robert Fripp lets loose on guitar.  John Wetton sings his  best on this and plays some great bass (he'd later form Asia around the  time Crimson reformed in the 1980's).  Bill Bruford's drumming sounds more  out of control than on Yes.  Ian McDonald returns with his reeds (sax and  woodwinds) and David Cross gives the album an avant garde feel.  You have  heavy metal influence on &quot;Red&quot;, jazz improvization on  &quot;Starless&quot;, and even a ballad &quot;Fallen Angel&quot;.  The  opening track &quot;Providence&quot; is eerie, but not overbearing.  It'd  be almost another decade before Robert Fripp would reform KC.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Something about this album reminds me of the Quincy Jones' 'Back on the Block'. Remember that one, where he stacked the deck with every different kind of talent he could? It was that album that started Barry White back  into commercial success. At any rate, to the point: this album is the bomb.  <br />I am so glad that Santana has smooshed up a panoply of flavors into this  album. When you get into a groove of listening to your own favorite music,  you tend to forget what the rest of the world is doing. 'Supernatural'  manages to get a world of passion into one album without being so eclectic  that it's scatterbrained. <br />'Maria Maria' and 'Smooth' are the unavoidable  smash hits from this album that I'm sure everybody and their momma has  heard. But even for someone like me who doesn't listen to the radio at all,  there is plenty to love in the other tracks. I like that kind of stealth  quality that gets pop listeners into my kinds of grooves.<br />For example,  the first cut, Yaleo is one of those unrelenting running jams that you can  just imagine going on for 30 minutes on the bandstand at a summer concert.  It's got that Fela Kuti kind of call and response that you can just wear  yourself out on. <br />My favorite though, is 'Put Your Lights On'. It's dark  and sinister with some serious grinding and some of the most interestingly  evocative lyrics I've heard in a while. It makes me think a lot of rock and  roll is wasted. As much as I like STP, what the hell is a meatplow? But  talk about monsters and angels, that's a clarity suited for guitars.<br />I  dig Lauren Hill's tribute to Marvin Gaye on track 6, but it doesn't quite  work as smoothly as it should. <br />All in all, this is a memorably great  album. It'll last.
0783240287|4.0|I guess, overall, I found &quot;Joseph...&quot; very enjoyable. Currently I am performing in a community theatre production at Lakeshore Players Theatre in Minnesota. After seeing the DVD, I am jealous.<br />Donny made a flawless performance of Joe. Even though the  Narrator was breathy and (at times) weak in the vocal department, I was  pleased with her. She had a very cool &quot;aire&quot; about her that made  the character fabulous. If she had played the narrator on stage, I would  have been less pleased, he weaker voice worked fine for the video. Bravo to  the 11 brothers for masterful performances. Their random facial experssions  and spuratic movements were hillarious, along with their voices. My hat's  off to Pharoah as well... it was all in the eyes, and it was great. I  haven't laughed so hard in a long time... GREAT facial expressions,  obviously this man was at one time a stage actor. The character who did  &quot;Benjamin's Calypso&quot; was an inspiration, especially because that  is my song in the production I am doing. He was excellent, even though if  something wasn't quite right... (yay for color-blind casting!)<br />My  favorite scene is probably Potiphar. I loved the perceptions... Joan  Collins is beautiful, and the costumes (although risque) were perfect....  however, I found it interesting that in this version, Joseph actually  started to LIKE the &quot;free love&quot; he experienced with Mrs.  Potiphar. The other major change I saw was during the Butler/Baker scene...  the line changed from &quot;...both in the dog house FOR doing their  thing...&quot; in the b-way production to &quot;... both in the dog house  WERE doing their thing...&quot; in the video. This change, along with the  facial expression given by the narrator, incinuated the men were homosexual  (if you couldn't tell by looking at them). I absolutely do not have a  problem with that, it was just an interesting take on a Bible story...  bravo for the 21st century!<br />Although the camera work was poor with  constant mis-matches between shots (which way was that chicken wing  facing?), and the audio mixing was less than perfect (how do you sync sound  with the lips of an entire chorus?), I found the colorful and cartoonish  sets more than compensated. They were wonderful! Email me with your  response to my review...
0312958455|4.0|I really liked this book, and I have been reading the Bosch books all along and was eagerly anticipating Bosch facing this skeleton.  However-- awhile back I read James Ellroy's &quot;My Dark Places,&quot; which is the  real life story of the murder of his mother when he was young, and how he  tried to catch the killer years later. I couldn't help but notice how  similiar the plots were, so if you're intrested you might want to pick up  the real thing that doesn't end so neatly.
6305657947|2.0|I went into this movie expecting to see a witty game of cat and mouse.  Instead I saw an underdeveloped story line with scene after scene of unbelievable dialogue and preposturous characters.<br />The story should have  been much more interesting, but Rene Russo's character was so rediculous in  her alternating between being a tough investigator and falling for Brosnan.   Her character never developed enough to believe her inner struggles as she  tries to come to terms with her duty and her desires.  I really enjoy  Dennis Leary's work, but here too he is not allowed to develop.  He is a  one-dimensional cop who stands on the sidelines as Russo runs the  show.<br />Rather than be thrilled with the excitement of the chase, the  implausible storyline kept pulling me out of the setting of the movie, so  much that by the end I was laughing at the movie, not with it.
B0000256VK|5.0|This is the essential album for seduction!  light some candles,have the wine ready and you can guess the rest.Atmospheric,romantic and timeless,this has to be in your collection.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This cd is awesome!  THe SFSO adds so much sweetness to Metallica(Who is already Sweet) This is the Best Cd!  When I first got it I wasnt sure I would like it, but then I listened to it and its awesome!  Metallica is  AWESOME!  Master of Puppets, No Leaf Clover, For Whom the Bell Tolls,  Devils Dance, and Call of Ktulu are the best songs on the CD (All the songs  are awesome!)! BUY THIS CD! THE MUSIC IS GREAT AND SO ARE THE ARTISTS.  METALLICA RULES! (THATS AN UNDERSTATEMENT) I GUARANTEE YOU WILL LIKE IT!   BUY IT!
B000002HJA|5.0|rodeo puts me in the mood to ride the sweet ride<br />to enjoy tunes and life as the dish is revealed<br />out of sight
B000005L86|5.0|No reggae collector shall be called &quot;serious&quot; if they don't have this particular recording in his/her collection. Lee Scratch Perry's work on this album ranks with his best ever sonic concoctions. To say the least,  no one has ever produced such audible delights with the spartan conditions  of his Black Ark studio. The songs live up to the best of the venerable  roots tradition, and the interplay between the sweet falsetto of Cedric  Mynton and the lush harmonies of Roydel Johnson gives an outlandish quality  to numbers like &quot;Fisherman&quot;, out-and-out a definite reggae  classic. The organic character of the backing tracks, complemented by  Perry's proto-dub inflections gives the final touch to a record no reggae  collection can be without.
B000002OX7|5.0|I have the original Who's Next CD that was released a few years ago and the sound quality was a huge disappointment.  This CD has been re-mastered and I couldn't believe the difference!  Adding the bonus tracks that were  essentially part of Pete's Lifehouse concept that never materialized makes  this CD even better.  Pure and Easy, Naked Eye, and Too Much of Anything  are especially great (formerly available only on Odds and Sods).  If you've  heard of The Who and have none of their material, this is the CD to start  with.
B000002UA9|5.0|Most of the reviews of this record lack context (sort of like saying you'd like Shakespeare more if he didn't use so many cliches).  If you were forced to sit and listen to every rock & roll and pop record in the  order in which they were released from the mid-1950s until the day this was  released you would understand.  A black & white world turned color.   There was nothing like it at the time--there were good songs sure, but not  many good albums.  Good performers, but very few artists who wrote and  recorded their own material.  The Beatles essentially created bands  consisting of lead guitar, bass guitar, rhythm guitar and drums.  Few rock  & roll bands existed before they did.  Their vocal harmonies, rich  melodies and lyrics written by young people for young people were  unsurpassed by anything done up until then.  Amazingly, almost forty years  later some performers still believe you cannot do rock & roll without  long hair--the Beatles started that as well.  Comparing this album to  albums done years later by the Beatles or others misses the point:  this  album, and the Beatles, changed everything.  This historic album was a  watershed event in popular music.  It's also great to listen to.
B000002BHE|5.0|Falling Into You contains some of Celine's best work. I live in Canada so I own the Canadian version of the cd, which contains a bonus track that the American version of the cd does not have. Its a great upbeat song called  &quot;Your Light&quot;.<br />The other songs are awesome, but my favorites are  Call The Man and Fly, both powerful songs where Celine shines. Because You  Loved Me and Its All Coming Back To Me Now are also great. All By Myself is  a great song, I love her version of it.  Overall Celine has clearly took  time with this cd and I reccomend it to those who dont already have it in  their collection.
B000002UYZ|1.0|There is &quot;the White Album&quot;, the real title of which is &quot;The Beatles&quot;, but the Beatles never recorded an album entitled or called &quot;The Red Album&quot;. I love and very much recommend all Beatles  albums, but this isn't one.
0393038912|4.0|Jared Diamond is a Physiology Professor at UCLA whose passion has been ornithology and who has spent years in New Guinea.  He brings the scientists logic and knowledge to answering the question, why do Eurasians  represent the most prosperous, powerful elements of mankind if there is no  genetic difference and indeed, as Diamond realizes, if there might actually  be stronger genetics in some parts of the world that did not develop as  rapidly.  His answer is a sweeping review of the rise of agriculture, the  nature of disease among large populations, the geographic range of  domesticatable large mammals (none in sub-Saharan Africa, only the llama in  the New World, none in Australia), and the ability of competitive large  populations (made possible by the east-west spread of agricultural and  cultural knowledge in Eurasia and blocked from moving north and south  through different climate zones in Africa and the New World) to both  develop more advanced technologies and to build resistance to communicable  diseases.  Humans outside Europe and Asia lacked the populations to acquire  enough communicable diseases to develop resistance to them, lacked the  agricultural knowledge to sustain large enough competitive populations to  develop technologies (something which was beginning to be overcome in the  New World but in isolated centers in the Andes and the Mexico-Central  American centers). This is a book whose reasoning will stretch your mind  and insights will lead you to knew thoughts.  It is definitely worth  reading.
6305718903|5.0|I never intended to see this movie. I rented it, out of boredom on a Saturday afternoon. Only because I love Gabriel Byrne. I was stunned! A very intense film. I'm now quite sad that I didn't see it in a theater.  Beautifully done!<br /><br />FYI though, folks. This film came out when the \\"Gospel of Thomas\\" was all the rage. Please note,  the Gospel of Thomas says women do not get into heaven. Jesus tells Peter he will turn Mary Magdalen into a MAN so she can gain heaven. Understand now why it this heretical \\"gospel\\" did not make it into official canon?
0783240503|5.0|This is a pleasantly entertaining cinematic version of the Webber-Rice musical.  Donny Osmond shows he can still perform well in his middle-age years.  He's no longer the cute young teen idol who performed with four of  his older brothers back in the early seventies, but accompanied with a fine  supporting cast, he does this musical complete justice in its screen  presentation.  This is one video worth seeing over and over again.
0679746048|5.0|After borrowing this book from my friend and reading it, I was surpraised at how good it was. Some may find this boring with all the information it gives about the mind and stuff, but being a teen, I understood it. It tells  alot I didn't know before about metal hospitals and people and disorders.  Buy this book. It's great.
B000002LVB|3.0|Someone wants to know &quot;what would [I] rather have listened to in 1970, this [the Velvet Underground's &quot;Loaded&quot;] or 'Tarkus' or 'Atom Heart Mother'&quot;. I would rather have listened to Emerson, Lake,  and Palmer's &quot;Tarkus&quot; and Pink Floyd's &quot;Atom Heart  Mother&quot;. For that matter, I would rather have listened to Jethro  Tull's &quot;Benefit&quot;, John Lennon's &quot;Plastic Ono Band&quot;,  Stephen Sondheim's &quot;Company&quot;, Bob Dylan's &quot;New  Morning&quot;, Santana's first album, James Taylor's &quot;Sweet Baby  James&quot;, and David Bowie's &quot;The Man Who Sold the World&quot;. As  it happens, quite a few good records were released  in 1970. This isn't  quite one of them--although &quot;Sweet Jane&quot; is a fine--if not  particularly original--song and although &quot;Rock and Roll&quot; was okay  in its day. Most of &quot;Loaded&quot; is not really listenable. (I've had  it in my record collection for about fifteen years--although I'd known it  for quite some time before--and I've only played it once or twice.) Lou  Reed was much, much better when he was able to hire real musicians.
0767814622|3.0|On a cinematic level, Midnight Express is an extremely powerful movie.  It has a terrific, moving soundtrack.  The acting is terrific.  The late Brad Davis, who played the lead in this film, threw away what could have been a  fantastic acting career because of his own drug use.  (The actor was pretty  much blackballed after he gained a reputation for showing up to Hollywood  parties and  film shootings stoned.  He eventually died of AIDS.)  Some of  the speeches in the film are extremely powerful.  However, the main  character is simply put, a drug smuggler who got caught.  The movie does an  excellent job of making him extremely sympathetic.  If you purchase the  newest edition, there's a brief documentary on the real life Billy Hayes.   I find his general lack of remorse most interesting.  Additionally, the  movie takes some liberties with the facts.  From what I understand, the  first half of the film is fairly accurate.  He did caught smuggling drugs  out of turkey.  He was sent to prison.  He did get his feet beaten with a  club, and was hit in the groin with the club.  (He was not raped, as many  reviewers have indicated.)  When he had less than two months left on his  sentence, he was sentenced to more time.  However, it wasn't another 30  years, like the movie indicates.  Between time off for good behavior, a  partial amnesty to all prisoners, and time served from his first sentence,  Billy Hayes had roughly 3 years left when he escaped.  The extreme  brutality in the last third of the film is simply the product of Oliver  Stone's imagination.  In fact, Billy Hayes has said that he'd like to make  another movie to properly reflect what really happened.  (Personally, I  think he's just trying to profit more from his crime.) Many reviewers have  complained about the brutal way the prisons are portrayed.  This movie is  certainly exaggerated.  However, prisons are brutal places.  Additionally,  the Turks do beat prisoners on the feet.  As another reviewer commented,  it's worse than the U.S., but not as bad as other countries.  I'd like to  refer you to a previous customer review in which the reviewer hypothesizes  what would have had happened if he hadn't been caught.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is one of the best movies that I have seen in quite a while.  While bending the mind with abstract concepts, it at the same time stays so close to reality.  If you are a lover of special effects make sure to buy this  movie, especially if you have a DVD player.  The DVD version shows how some  of the effects were done.
B00000JCOV|2.0|oooh! these guys are scaring me! with those 'crazy' get-ups and all... give it a rest kids. contrived poseur music.
0767802470|5.0|I don't think there are enough superlatives in the English language to adequately describe this film.   It succeeds in every possible way.  This is not only one of the best war movies ever, but among the very best films  period.  The story is based on a true story of a German Submarine and its  crew during WWII.  The plot is simple.  A bunch of ordinary young guys are  crammed into a little tin can and go out and do their duty while trying to  avoid getting killed.  This slice of life film gives a chillingly detailed  look at the rigors of war in a U-boat.<br />We are treated to the stark  reality of submarine warfare; the hours of boredom; the camaraderie and  simultaneous aggravation that comes with living in such close quarters, the  exultation of victory when a torpedo hits, the stark terror of the sound of  a destroyer's propeller just above or the insane fear of the boat being  crushed by the water pressure as you go too deep.  <br />This film is unique  in that it is done from the German perspective.  Most films about WWII are  from the Allied perspective since they were produced in Hollywood or  England.  What is striking about this film is how it depicts war as a human  event rather than a nationalistic conflict.  It makes us realize that for  the foot soldier and sailor on the battle lines, no matter what side, war  is the same.  It is more a matter of survival than glory.<br />Director  Wolfgang Peterson did a brilliant job on this film.  The set and props were  authentic in minute detail and the work in tight quarters was truly  remarkable.  You get a real sense of the cramped quarters and how nimble  the men had to be scrambling from compartment to compartment.  Peterson  spares us none of the unpleasantness of submarine life.  The stark reality  of it is startling.<br />By far Peterson's greatest accomplishment is the  spine tingling suspense.  The effect is so terrifying you feel like you are  part of the crew.  His use of angles, lighting, actor's reactions and most  especially sound makes this film far more frightening and suspenseful than  anything the horror genre has ever produced.   I viewed this on DVD  (Director's Cut) and the sound was probably the best I've ever experienced.   You hear water dripping behind you, bolts explode and go screaming  diagonally across the room to clank on the other side, the sound of the  destroyer's propeller escalates from a fly buzz to a roar as the ping from  the sonar gets ever louder.  You find every muscle in your body tensing as  you hear them drop the depth charges.<br />The ending is superb.  It is  triumphant, poignant and ironic; unexpected and yet not surprising.  It is  neither what the viewer is apt to want nor expect, and yet it is not  disappointing.<br />I can't think of any negative criticism I would give this  film.  It was nominated for six Academy Awards and won none.  That speaks  volumes about the dubious nature of the Academy.  Even if you don't  normally enjoy war movies, you should see this film.  It is ultra excellent  drama, entertainment and filmmaking.  A perfect 10.
B000000WCX|5.0|Once again taking form into the space entity known as techno\industrial music, Bowie melds together all the instruments needed to make a great piece of art-infectious drum beats, raging electronica guitar, fantastic  keyboard samples, and cryptic vocals which reflect brilliant, cryptic  lyrics. So as Bowie and his extraterrestrial band members pose as techno  earthlings, we get a great album which could double as a sequel to  &quot;Outside&quot;. Some of the best include &quot;Little Wonder&quot;,  &quot;I'm Afraid Of Americans&quot;, &quot;Dead Man Walking&quot;,  &quot;Looking For Satellites&quot;, &quot;Battle For Britain&quot;, and  &quot;Seven Years In Tibet&quot;. Also pay in mind Bowie's golden rule:  &quot;I don't want knowledge. I want certainty.&quot;
B000002JNN|5.0|After the rather ordinary album&quot;Blow up your video&quot;, AC/DC have released another ballsy album. From the ripper opening track&quot;Thunderstruck&quot; to &quot;if you dare&quot; this album is a  welcome return to what they do best. Kick arse guitar riffs, howling  vocals( Brians voice has deteiorated somewhat over the last few years, more  screaming than sylables), and a good colaboration of songs makes this an  album worth buying. Simple and straight for the throat Rock'n'roll!
0688170528|4.0|Like most readers, my soul cried while reading this book. I was completely captivated as I struggled to compose my thoughts. However, after the emotional ride subsided and I put the story into perspective, the cracks in  the plot became clear. Too many questions are left unanswered. Emily's  rationale for wanting to die is unconvincing. The brother-sister conflict  is inconsistent with Emily's desire to be with Chris every waking moment.  Furthermore, Chris did not emerge looking like Romeo. In fact, sometimes he  was cruel and selfish. Remember the ski trip? Think about Donna? And, Chris  pressuring Emily to engage in other activities that she clearly did not  wish to take part in. And let's not forget Chris' rage. Why is he so angry?  Think about the trial.<br />Still, a good read full of drama and suspense. The  childhood relationship works but the teen relationship could use some  improvement. If this book becomes a film, I hope the screenwriter cleans up  the plot, makes better use of the diary, and for heaven's sake let Chris in  on Emily's haunting feelings.
B0000033P2|4.0|Although I would later discover better prog groups(Genesis, King Crimson, Jethro Tull)an elemetary school fascination with classical music back in '72 led me to ELP when I heard that they covered &quot;Hoedown&quot; from  Aaron Copelands &quot;Rodeo&quot; which I had just heard in music class.  This is ELP's finest album. Side one is near perfect,however &quot;Living  Sin&quot; is a throwaway and &quot;Abaddon's Bolero&quot; is a good time  waster, making the rest of this one fall short.
B00003CWPR|3.0|It is unfortunate that Stanley Kubrick who has given us so many brilliant films (\\"Spartacus\\"; \\"2001, A Space Odyssey\\"; \\"A Clockwork Orange\\"; \\"The Shining\\"; \\"Full Metal Jacket\\"), should end his career with this one.  The  biggest problem with this film is the screenplay, which is all the more  perplexing since Kubrick helped write it.  It is hard to comprehend how  such a masterful filmmaker could miss the mark by such a wide margin.  <br />Let me begin by saying that the technical aspects of this film were  superb to the point of being superhuman.  Kubrick's camera work was pure  genius.  The color and lighting were impeccable; incomparable in their  impact and effect as well as their beauty.  Anyone who has seen this film  should go back and watch it again and just notice the way the sets are  lighted, how the shadows are cast, how the rooms in the background are  bathed in soft blue with contrasting colored lights perfectly splashed in  to heighten the effect.  As far as the sound, Kubrick can do more with the  well placed single note of a piano than most directors can do with an  entire orchestra.<br />That being said, the script can only be described as  grossly disappointing.  There were really two stories here.  The first is  the story of Bill (Tom Cruise) and Alice (Nicole Kidman) Harford's  relationship.  The second was the story of Bill's sexual odyssey resulting  in his crashing of an orgy for the rich and famous.  Too much was made of  the first and not enough of the second.  This should have been a  psycho-sexual film noir suspense thriller.  The elements were there for a  good one.  Bill's penetration of the sordid inner circle of sex games of  the powerful could have been a riveting thriller with proper follow  through.  But instead, Kubrick chose to deflate this storyline with the  unsatisfying dialogue between Bill and Victor (Sidney Pollack).  He then  returned to the Harford's relationship, which was a character study in \\"who  cares\\".  He ends thefilm as if their relationship was the point, which  left the film pointless.<br />Other than her ability to provide sexy set  dressing, Nicole Kidman was utterly superfluous in this film.  Worse yet,  this was probably the most wretched performance of her career.  Kidman is  not without talent and has given us some excellent performances (\\"Malice\\";  \\"Dead Calm\\").   Her performance here was tentative and strained, however.   There were times when she was so unnatural in the delivery of her lines,  one would have thought she was aphasic.<br />Tom Cruise gave an excellent  performance portraying a difficult and tormented character.  It was  somewhat of a departure for him to play a character that was so pent up and  emotionally torn.  He hasn't taken on a part this difficult since \\"Born On  The Fourth of July\\".  Usually he plays the straightforward macho type; more  action than depth.  I was pleasantly surprised by his ability to rise to  the challenge of this character's complexity.<br />I gave this film a 7/10.   The filmmaking was a 12, but the story was never developed to its full  potential.  It would have been interesting to see what Alfred Hitchcock  would have done with this story.  Perhaps Stanley and Alfred are talking  about that right now.
630157401X|5.0|Undoubtably the greatest in the series, this comic adventure pits Indy once again against the Nazis. This time they are search of the legendary Holy Grail. The best part is Sean Connery as Indy's dad. Though a stiff he  can be very amusing ( [in the plane scene] Dad, eleven o'clock, eleven  o'clock! What happens at eleven o'clock?). Thrilling adventure and amazing  special effects!
B00003W8NM|5.0|The film is a definite must! It concerns issues that any man can relate to - without revealing the plot, the issues adressed in this film concern rage, frustration, loss of control, fear of failiure, and any existencial  crisis. A man in his prime experiences the bewildering anxieties of modern  society where men have lost their identity, and he &quot;rises&quot; to the  occasion. If you ponder upon life, feel inadequate, fear failiure - go see  the film. It puts life into a whole different perspective that you never  would have deemed possible. If you are somewhat sensitive - ignore the gory  effects, focus on the details, enjoy, think, and at the end of the day - be  a better man.
B0000033P0|3.0|The side long title track is one of ELP's finest, but side two sounds like thrown together filler just for the sake of getting another record out.Typically uneven like most of their career.
B0000046KM|5.0|Shirley Horn is a Great Talent.Her Voice&amp;Piano Playing are Fantastic.Here on this Set She Shines thru out.The Music&amp;Voice go Hand&amp;Hand here.Quietly There is the cut.I Have alot Of Respect For Her  VOice&amp;Piano Talent.
630179513X|5.0|This film is one of the best memories I have from the 80-s. Fresh and funny. Can't wait to get it on DVD format. This should highlight the movie even more. How long will it take them to start making DVDs of this  movie! <br />Kirk.
B00000JHAU|5.0|belle and sebastian are a wonder group.  in the time of generation x and nuclear war, Stuart Murdoch's gentle voice and the loverly melodies of their songs are fast becoming super-popular all over the world. belle and  sebastian continue to be dreamy and youthful. if you're feeling sinister is  a wonderful album. Stuart sings sweetly of crushes, girls and death as  usual.  the band plays on.  our daydream continues. those dreamy, those  romantic, and those disillusioned themselves should open their minds to  these beauties and settle down, on the pillow soft when they've all gone  home. forget everything, let that little smile come on your face, try to  remember a song after you're done listening to it and feel pleasent. if  you're feeling sinister is beautiful.
B000008H1Y|5.0|My favorite period of Tull (SFTW,Heavy Horses, Stormwatch)of which apparently this is the only release that remains in print. It's a shame;the entire catalog of Tull deserves better treatment(all should be remastered  and stay in print! ). This album is a great one, not a dull moment  anywhere. I've seen them live twice and both times they've opened with a  tune from this record(&quot;Hunting Girl&quot; -Under Wraps tour,  &quot;SFTW&quot; -Crest Of A Knave tour) and that says something.They  really pull it all together here;quite a stew of both English folk and prog  rock. Awesome!
B000000YG5|5.0|SONNY&amp;CREW KICK MAJOR BOOTY ON THIS Very Essential Album.The tones&amp;Vibe Never lets up at all.as Always the case with a Great Album of Any Style A Great Drummer Makes A Great Album&amp;Max Roach Lays  Something on the Skins Here.Alot of Great Styles&amp;Feel Thru-Out this  Album.A Must all the way.
0440219078|5.0|Lois Lowry does not give us the perfect society, she gives us a society of everyday people who have become morally lazy because they live in a comfort zone. I read this book in junior high and loved it. It's a novel about  sacraficing emotions, art, and morality for the comfortable life. The  characteristics and crimes of this supposed eutopia are intregueing. Lowry  has an impressive imagination and vivid writing style. Her original take on  the eutopia topic will be well appreciated by everyone from age 11 upwards.
B00003XACV|5.0|Part of the reason why I fell in love with American Beauty was the amazing music. Never before have I known instantly that I wanted to buy the soundtrack! I am a choreographer, and I  had already begun working with  music from this soundtrack before it was even nominated for Best Picture. I  am a huge fan of Newman's work and this may be his most unique. If you even  remotely like this movie, buy this soundtrack. It (and the movie) are too  amazing not to.
B0000027RL|5.0|This is a great CD. I would recommend it to anyone. If you can find any band or singer with a better debut album I challenge you to find it. Anyone would like this CD even if they are not a fan. I guarentee that you will  like this CD. I may be a Pearl Jam fan but listen to Alive, Even Flow,  Black, Jeremy, Once, or Oceans and you will agree with me. It's simply a  masterpiece.
6305657947|1.0|Here was an opportunity to excel over not only the original version of the movie but the book itself.<br />This unfortunately did not happen.  Instead of having a man of mystery with access to great wealth we have a supposedly  very smart yet bored billionaire who decides to engineer a spectacular  heist.  Nothing is presented about him that supports his ability to carry  off this heist other than the heist itself.  However, he is presented in  sight-bites that show a total disregard for the value of money.<br />For an  atagonist we get an equally over-bearing performance of a sharp, tough,  sexy, self-aware, self-indulgent, (indulgence is key in this film) female  insurance investigator.<br />The police are portrayed as dim-witted, inept,  powerless, even within their own precinct houses.<br />The author of the theft  is identified by the investigator and police early in the film.  Then a  dull and contrived attempt at 'who is smarter' is run through.  The  requesite nude scenes, typical of poor plot lines and weak stories, are  presented, almost as often as any real activity that occurs in the  film.<br />Although films are a means of escape and that varying degrees of  fantasy and departures from reality are expected, this one goes over the  top.<br />Brosnan was amusing as Remington Steele, but dull and wooden  here.<br />Denis Leary was surprisngly constrained, obviously to showcase the  supposed stars of the film.<br />If you can handle the clothes and language  that is typical of period pieces, the original with Steve McQueen and Faye  Dunaway provides better value.
6305750750|4.0|Episode 1 was a good movie.  the special effects for it were excellent.  however, who was that jar jar character?  he simply got in the way.  Though I'm not Jamacian, i really hate him.  Thank you for your time
0684833395|5.0|This book is a very funny novel about Yossarian, a solder that flies for the Air Force.  To get out of the Air Force you need to fly a certan number of missions.  But Colonel Cathcart, a leader of Yossarian, keeps raising  the number of missions.  So, Yossarian is stuck.  This book has all kinds  of humor, and will keep you laughing.  I have never read a better book.  I  would HIGHLY recommend this book if you are one for humor, action, and more  humor.
B00000DLVA|5.0|From the first few chords of this album you can tell that it will be a trademark album of the Cardigans. Their trademark is that everything album is different.The album moves from Paralyzed with its hollow sound to  Erase/Rewind with its crisp, clean tune and lyrics.Hanging Around rocks  things up a bit with its heavy guitar solo. It moves into a relaxing ,  peaceful set of songs and then hits you with My Favourite Game after you  have been lulled into a false sense of security. Its guitar riff is world  renowned. It is then followed by Do You Believe, one of the most original  songs ever.  The album concludes with Nil, an instrumental played on the  piano. This is a simple yet effective song. It is hollow and haunting and  leaves you thinking about the album which was undoubtably the best of 1998.
B00000634L|5.0|I have had this album for 2 years and I still can't get enough of it.  Any time a friend hears it they are always amazed and they end up buying it for themselves.  Basically its impossible to get sick of an album with such a  wide variety of styles.  But beyond that, the band truly demostrates a  profound understanding of these styles, as they twist them around slightly,  egaggerating them a bit.  Combine this with the fact that the lyrics are  just comedy, its simply impossible to not have fun listening to this cd.   But at the end of the day its the pervasive and rich talent that keeps this  album from being campy or cliche.  Definitely goes with the desert island  cd's.
1558807381|5.0|This movie is topped by only Labyrinth.It has fantasy for the young ( or young at heart;) ) I has big evil baddies  and action for grownups. Be adivesed Darkness might scare little tots . I recomend this for children  ages 6-100 .
B0000399WI|5.0|I've seen this movie countless times. possibly over thirty times, and that's being conservative. hell, i've got most lines memorized.  yet each time i see it, it is more captivating; it never ceases to move me. the  relationship between Red and Dufresne is one of the most intimate and  honest in recent film, yet it is interesting how Andy, who seems to know  everyone else, is really a mystery; even Red learns about him until the end  of the movie. see it!
0671042858|5.0|Patricia McFarland, (a nine year old girl whose parents are recently divorced), is taken on a walk through the woods with her constantly arguing mother and brother. while on the walk, trisha steps off the trail for a  little bathroom break(and to get away from the whining of her brother). She  soon finds that she can't remember which way she has gone.  About an  hour later, she realized she was definitely lost. Left without a compass,  without a map, only a backpack with 1 sandwich, water, and some twinkies,  this would have to be her survival food as long as she was lost.  Close  by, an animal is lurking and following Trisha's every move. Along the way,  she is stung by wasps, forced to walk through a swamp, and can't find any  more water. She is slowly getting sick and is losing hope when she knows  that the search party won't even find her.  What keeps her going though  is listening to her favorite baseball player Tom Gordon on her walkman. She  listens to him save the game and soon starts hallucinating that he is there  with her.  She doesn't know whether she'll survive or not, whether the  animal will eat her or not, but she has to find someway to survive. But  how?
0671027344|5.0|I got this book after seeing a commericial on Mtv for it... after receiving it, I stayed up all night reading it... I couldn't put it down! It is so good. The main character is well developed and interesting, the book is easy to read and impossible to put down. I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a really good read about a hard to resist teenager.
0783239955|5.0|An amazing French film. I strongly recommend this film to anyone of thinking and brillent comedy. Those people who ONLY LIKE SLAPSTICK COMEDY, this is NOT for you. Those people with a great taste of real humor, YOU  WILL LOVE THIS MOVIE. It's about this guy who has a dinner party with his  friends and the friends invite the most boring idiotic people to the  dinner. One of the guy's friend's gets injured, not the idiot. and can't go  to the dinner. so the idiot stays home making all the trouble for the guy.  the idiot finds out that he was invited for the dinner just for a laugh.  the idiot is a real idiot, i mean a REAL IDIOT. I laughed from beginning to  end, not one part of the movie wasen't funney. TO BE A 100% HONEST THIS IS  THE ONLY MOVIE I SAW THAT I DID NOT STOP LAUGHING. ALL THE OTHER GOOD  COMEDY MOVIES I SAW WERE FUNNEY, BUT NOT EVERY SECOND FROM BEGINNING TO END  AND MOST OF THE COMEDYS I'VE SEEN GET REAL BORING. THIS IS THE ONLY COMEDY  I'VE EVER SEEN THAT DID NOT GET BORING ONCE. GET THE MOVIE OR YOU ARE  REALLY MISSING OUT. THOSE OF ONLY SLAPSTICK COMEDY AND THOSE PEOPLE WHO  ONLY LIKE SLAPSTICK COMEDYS THIS IS NOT FOR YOU. THIS IS THE MOST CLEVER  COMEDY I'VE EVER SEEN.      ENJOY!
630516889X|5.0|&gt;&quot;I AINT GOT TIME TO BLEED!&quot;<br />THIS FILM IS AMAZING!  From the opening shot of the space craft to the amazing one sided gunfight in the jungle to the killer ending - this is definately one of Arnolds best  films , in my opinion only behind T2. The Fx is still great, the action  scenes are extremely visceral and the the dialogue is classic - &quot;Hey  Dutch, you remember Afganistan?&quot; &quot;Please I'm trying to  forget&quot;! <br />Watch this / buy this now! By the way, why no THX for the  DVD or any other features? <br />Like Mac says - I'm gonna have me some fun!
B000023VR6|4.0|First it was NWA, then Snoop, now Eminem.  Dre has founded some pretty big heavyweights in the game of rap, but sometimes what gets lost in all the talent he brings up is his true mic skills.  After waiting years for a real  follow up to the album that put him on top of the rap game(the aftermath  wasnt a real hard follow up)Dre shows he can still lay down a beat and spit  some phat lyrics.  Although this CD is not as hot as THe Chronic its still  a hard hittin cd.  With guests like Snoop, Eminem, Kurupt, and Mary J.  Blige this cd has enough talent to field an all rap all star fest.  The cd  has slammin beats, good lyrics, and that little extra something that only  Dre can bring.  This cd is one the best Rap albums to come out over the  last year or so, and you cant call your collection complete without this  cd.  All I got to say after hearing this cd is hopefully Dre wont wait as  long to smoke us up with a follow up.
B00000J7I3|5.0|This album flat out rocks.  My list of great metal albums is as follows: 1. Motley Crue-Too Fast For Love 2. Guns'n'Roses-Appetite For Destruction 3. Van Halen-Fair Warning 4. Dio-Holy Diver 4. Motley Crue-Too Fast For  Love 5. Metallica-Master of Puppets.  I'm not a big Motley Crue fan.  I  don't own any of their other albums.  My friend used to play this album at  the record store we worked at in Akron, OH called Quonset Hut.  I teased  him at first because it was &quot;washed up hair metal.&quot;  Then it grew  on me.  I usually listen to the Beatles and stuff like that.  But he got me  into some metal and here we are... This is easily one of my favorites of  all time.  Easily.  If you like records that you can listen to in your car  for a month or two straight, buy this.  I listen to it for three sometimes,  without ever taking it out... Rock on.
0790733226|5.0|The film is one true realistic and accesible view to the big question: are we alone in the universe? Here we see all the crash of so many disciplines mostly it's religion VS science. I liked all the intrigue, the memorable  quotes (some were quoted by Carl Saggan before his death), but mostly I  liked the human part of each character, because I found it very accurate,  we see at the end that faith is always a fundamental part of the human  being, even if you're very rational. And from my point of view Science and  Religion aren't completely incompatible after all, 'cause they both come  from the same root: philosophy. That was my favorite message of this film.
0792151720|4.0|I was going to give this film three stars, but after I watched it again a few times I decided it deserves a little higher rating. I don't give it five stars because of the fact that no film needs violence or profanity.  Rated PG is my limit, but with films like this one I will make an  acception. I was affected by this film in both good ways and bad ways. The  first half of the film is both exciting and heart warming. But the second  half is darker and sometimes even terrible, except for the ending.Danny  Nucci and Leonardo Dicaprio make a great team. A pair like them should work  together again someday. Not just as Jack and Fabrizio I mean. I wrote a fan  fiction story about how they became friends. It's called &quot;First  Meeting&quot; and it's posted at After the Iceberg. If you read it please  tell me what you think about it.
0792153189|5.0|When I went to the theater to watch it I wasn't expecting and action film, I expected something dramatic (or boring as some call it), and yeah it was something very touching, I liked that this film treated the subject on  common people's point of view, and the human part of each astronaut and  reporter who tried to minimize the catastrophe, I liked the fact that you  reach a point on the film in which you lose all hope and you say &quot;this  is it&quot; I also liked James Horner's soft music for all the touching  scenes, and how many of us would react when we lose hope.
B00000ILDE|5.0|Aliens manages to get going in the first 25 minutes where as Alien in the first 45 minutes .  But this Directors cut of Aliens explains more  then the theatrical release it show more about the colonists on LV 426.Ripleys  nightmarish dreams may be all to real.But when Ripley gets a talk from  the  company that verifies to her that the colonist have lost contact, Ripleys  hunch about the creatures becomes fightenly all to real.The companys answer  send in high tech marines to ,  find out what happend to the colonists.But  when they apporch the planet and find the Alien nest they find that with  all there training will not  help and it will be all out war.<br />   They  find a survivor who has mangaged to escape the aliens but just as they  thought it was over they had yet to meet the queen a ,  biomechanical  walking fortress that will make thousands more of these creatures.It's up  to  Ripley again to stop the nightmarish creature.<br />    This movie is far  more intense then the  first. And its worth the money on the options the  picture at time is blury but don't let that stop you from getting this  awsome DVD a good  choice.
6305750750|5.0|I really loved to watch this film (but I would love it more if there's a DVD), Lucas really DID respected the original trilogy's style (it has the wipes, the music style, and the good old fashioned Star Wars action); The  dialogue, plot was written by one single man (guess is Lucas) thus many  people say that the dialogue is somewhat simplistic, I'm sure that it could  have been better if the editor wouldn't have deleted some lines, (if you  wanna know more about this last thing I shall recommend you the Illustrated  screenplay anyway) Jar Jar acts as a &quot;comic&quot; break for the film's  great action I found his way of spaking kinda cool (hello boyos!) and you  know Lucas: he tends to add &quot;funny&quot; things in his films, (watch  the original trilogy or Indiana Jones) I really loved this film's great  music and cool sound effects, the Lightsaber battles were espectacular!  It's whole family entertainment 'cause is somewhat light on violence. When  Episode II is released many fans will say: &quot;wow!  this one is even  better than the empire strikes back&quot; and the critics: &quot;well,  definitely it's better made than Episode I, good thing Lucas heard our  dislike&quot; I'm very sure of that.
6302206294|4.0|i loved this movie! and who cares about the accent anyway? not me!  the witch needed to go, that was the only reason it didn't get 5 stars. but this movie is still my favorite!
B000002OVJ|5.0|This is, without a doubt, the best damn live rock and roll CD ever recorded<br />There are some bands who sound great in the studio and then sound terrible on stage (like many of today's bands,) but on the other  hand, there are bands who sound good in the studio, but sound so terrific  and so breathtaking, you just can't compare them to what they're like in  the studio (Like Kiss)<br />The Who just happens to be one of those bands who  blows the smoke off of the water when it comes time to live shows. Sure,  they sound decent in the studio, but put them on a stage and you're  guaranteed to see or hear one of the most tight, inspiring, and energetic  concerts ever, and that's PRECISELY what Live at Leeds is!<br />All four  original members of The Who (Pete Townshend, Roger Daltrey, Keith Moon, and  John Entwistle) are in top form on this album, and every single member  gives it his all. <br />The four boys blaze through the albums fourteen tracks  like a hot knife through butter, and there is never one dull, lethargic, or  vapid moment in the entire show. It's as if you can imagine Pete  &quot;windmilling&quot; and smashing his guitar right in front of you, and  the same goes for Roger, whom you can picture swinging his microphone like  a lasso. Then, there's John Entwisle, the man clad in black who lays down  The Who's unique rock and roll foundation, and of course, there's Keith  Moon bashing away furiously on the skins, hitting every cymbal and drum in  his kit faster than a machine gun can fire (his drumming is supercharged on  this album! Just listen to &quot;Heaven and Hell&quot;, &quot;Young Man  Blues&quot;, and &quot;A Quick One, While He's Away,&quot; and you'll know  why I call him the greatest drummer in history.)<br />Bottom line is, I don't  want to spoil every single moment of the album, but there are few live  albums that can blow the studio counterparts to bits (Alive! by Kiss,  Tribute by Ozzy Osbourne, etc.) and this album is definitely one of them.  It's heavy at times, and it's lighter at times, but if you just listen to  the album, I'll guarantee you that from track one to track fourteen, you  will not be able to sit still! And if you DO sit still, then there's  something prominently wrong with you.<br />Five stars aren't enough! It's time  to give out some extra credit! 10/5!
B000002AS3|4.0|NOEL RECENTLY ADMITTED THAT DEFINITELY MAYBE IS OASIS' BEST ALBUM. I DON'T THINK IT IS THEIR BEST, BUT IT IS V.GOOD. THIS ALBUM, THOUGH, HAS GOT TO BE ONE OF THE BEST DEBUT ALBUMS OF ALL TIME. 'LIVE FOREVER', 'SUPERSONIC' AND  'SLIDE AWAY' ARE OASIS CLASSICS. DEFINITELY MAYBE IS VERY RAW...WHICH IS  QUITE RARE FOR NOEL AND THE BOYS THESE DAYS. SIMPLE BUT EFFECTIVE.
B000002KLQ|5.0|Mark Knophler's 1980 classic 'Making Movies' signaled a positive change in direction for this extraordinary guitarist and songwriter.  David Knophler checks out on this one and is never missed.  On this album, Mark  Knophler moved away from the heavy blues influences that prevailed on the  'Dire Straits' and 'Communique' and created simply the greatest 5-song  Rock'n'Roll Love Ballad ever recorded.<br /><br />'Tunnel of Love' takes you to a  familiar place with tasteful and riveting guitar interwoven with the  message of love and passion.  As if that is not enough, 'Romeo and Juliet'  played entirely over a classical guitar melody brings to life the tale of  two lovers vexed by time and circumstance.  I can only think of Westside  Story when I hear this again and again.  There is no tiring of this song.  'Skateaway' and 'Expresso Love'  continue this familiar lyrical theme with seductive harmonies and guitar  licks at every turn.  When I hear 'Solid Rock', you wonder if it really is  Bob Dylan Singing!<br /><br />The first 5 tracks on the LP/CD are arguably the most passionately executed love songs put to vinyl (or whatever) that I can ever remember.  Maybe only Van Morrison rivals Knopler's ability to pen and play remarkable love ballads.  If you are in love, this CD will move you to tears.  If you are not, it will make you wish you were.<br /><br />One often-forgotten notable on this LP/CD is Roy Bittan.  His extraordinary piano accompaniment on each of these tracks is as integral as Knophler's guitar. If ever a session musician had a fundamental impact on the sound of a recording, it is here with Roy Bittan.  Familiar to Springsteen fans, his piano accompaniment adds so much color to each track and compliments Knophler in a natural, beautiful way.  To take him out of this recording, it would sound hollow and incomplete.<br /><br />The only downer on this album is the final track 'Les Boys.'  I am sure Knophler wishes he could have replaced this one with anythingelse.  It completely does not fit with the perfection of the other 6 songs.  Who knows what he was thinking with this song.<br /><br />This album, while not initially a commercial  success, has aged so well that it continues to be as fresh now as it was 20+  years ago.
6304044836|3.0|I SAW THIS MOVIE FOR THE FRIST TIME LAST NIGHT AND THOUGHT IT WAS ALLRIGHT. I LOVE HARRISON. HE IS GOOD IN THIS MOVIE. THIS IS A LITTLE BIT MORE BELIVESABLE THAN THE ORIGANAL. BECAUSE THE AGE DIFFERANCE BEETWEN  SABRINA ND LINUS IS NOT SO BIG. IT IS A LITTTLE SLOW MOVING AT PARTS BETTER  EDITING WOULD HAVE HELPED.
B000000OY9|3.0|It's easy to see why this is one of Neil's least popular albums. When I first played it, it made me truly cringe as I recalled those awful synthesizer-filled 80s songs.<br />However, amongst the dreadful songs (such  as &quot;Hippie Dream&quot; and &quot;People On The Street&quot;), there  are some good rockers that you may instantly enjoy (eg &quot;Touch The  Night&quot;) and songs with subtly good guitar solos that hide under the  synths.<br />Other songs I like are &quot;Violent Side&quot;, &quot;Bad news  Beat&quot; and &quot;Hard Luck Stories&quot;.<br />Despite my positive  feelings towards some songs, I still wouldn't play it really loud.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is really a fascinating book.  I'm not really a strong reader, infact I hate reading, i am in the 7th grade and had to read it for language arts and loved it.  It really keeps you on the edge of your seat.
B00004RHZU|4.0|but the girl can actually sing. some of the beats are weak but her voice makes up for anything the song may lack. i personally dig tracks 5, 10, 11 and 12 the most.  oh wait, and track 1 and track 4-  and the last song is  hot too.  she dosen't need back up singers-  i would ditch them.  the best  songs are the ones with only her.
0805062971|5.0|Fight Club is more than a wild ride through Palahniuk's dark thriller. It is written in a uniquely sharp and effective style and presents classic themes about man's need for purpose and the fallacies of chasing  materialism and of blind loyalty. Read it!
B00001U0DP|5.0|The holocaust is a subject that definitely has no comic twist to it...yet Roberto Benigni manages to enchant and enthrall his viewers with a poignant look at it. The story is so touching, so hauntingly beautiful that five  stars alone aren't enough for it. Like Amazon.com's reviewer said, &quot;he  accomplishes the impossible&quot;...the film is basically told in two  parts. The first part tells of the story of Guido(Roberto Benigni) who  keeps having accidental encounters with a young, beautiful woman, Dora  (played by Nicoletta Braschi, Benigni's wife off the screen), and he is so  fixated by her that he does literally everything he can to see her again.  In the second part, Dora and Guido are married and have a son, Guosu.  Guido and his son are taken off to a concentration camp, but Guousu is  much too young to understand the enormity of the horrors around him, and  Guido knows this, so he makes it look like a big game for his son...a game  where upon the contestants, amassing a total of 1000 points, win a tank- a  real one.  It's a genuinely heartwarming film with glorious performances by  all. It's so original, so engaging, once you start you don't want to stop  watching it...this film is one of the best films I've ever seen, and also I  believe that all the awards it got, it deserved. It's a beautiful, haunting  film with a very powerful message. Nobody in their right mind would want to  miss this. Bravo, Benigni, bravissimo.
0375420525|5.0|I am no great mind or fatuous intellectual; I shared some of the frustrations of readers who complained about this book...until, along about page 125 or so I had to give it up to the author.  This book is not one you  escape into, as you would some mysteries or other novels, but one that  requires you to sustain the threads of several narrative lines (and do go  to the appendices when you are advised to do so).  I had to laugh at myself  because I am such the archtype reader Danielewski satirizes....I'm  constantly interrupting my reading to look up obscure references or arcane  words I don't know...he has provided me with all the footnotes I could  want, and more!  The ones referencing Paul Auster and Donna Tartt (remember  her?) made me LOL!  This is an incredibly creative, provocative work that  should make you at least consider (if not confront) the demons and  &quot;issues&quot; you shove aside in order to function in the world.  It's  not a cozy, curl up by the fire kind of book, but it is well worth the  mental exercise required (ok, and so skip a few footnotes--its a novel, for  goodness sake!)  I recommend it if you have the time and inclination to  give it the attention it deserves.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Contrary to some of the negative reviews (who really cares ifan A-list movie looks &quot;subpar&quot;--if it's watchable andenjoyable, then what does it matter), this movie has more than simple comedy and great performances.  Smith's &quot;Dogma&quot; asks so many theological quetions that when I left the theatre, I could not stop talking about some of the ideas he proposed--however controversial they might have seemed.  Smith's writing, I think, has reached an all time high with this film, following his superb &quot;Chasing Amy&quot; and hilarious &quot;Mallrats&quot; (sorry to all you &quot;Clerks&quot; fans, but watching that film is so exceedingly painful and boring I can't describe it).  In &quot;Dogma,&quot; Smith rips apart religion and its factions--with a few extra stabs at his own Catholicism--yet at the same time upholds religion as a whole. And his knowledge of the Bible is clearly apparent, for some of his scenes (namely the scene between Fiorentino and Affleck (...))  drip with emotion and truth that Smith's motives are clear: in writing &quot;Dogma&quot; Smith attempted to intertwine lost faith, religious humor, and redemption.  And what a fine effort it is!   Even if the visuals are not amazing, the script, cast, and the discussions you will have long after the movie has ended are.  Rent or buy this movie--it doesn't matter which--just see it.  &quot;Dogma&quot; is truly wonderful; one of the best of 1999.  END
B000001DWG|5.0|Every once in awhile an artist comes along that affects our lives in ways we have never been affected before.  We can never really understand the total why's and how's of this affect, but we know that the art has put us  in a place we truly enjoy being--no matter how temporary.  A truly  beautiful piec of art can make us look at our surroundings a little  differently than we ever had before, it can make us interact with others in  a manner we never have before, and we can eek out just a little bit more  enjoyment from life because of it.  As a young man, I picked up this album  on a whim (I just liked their name).  Little did I know how much I would be  affected by this brilliant man's take on life.  Did it entirely change my  life, no, but it did enhance my outlook on life for a time...A gift from  this brilliant artist, named Andrew Wood, for which I will be forever  grateful.
0812548094|5.0|If you enjoyed the first book in this series then you will most certainly enjoy this one. In fact, I found it to be even better than the first one. The characters are all very well written and it flows along nicely. Plenty  of action, yet Goodkind still finds the time to go into detail about his  world and really make it come alive. The plot gets even more interesting  and looks to continue that way into the next book. I have to say that I  loved this book and have put it on my list of rereads in the future. If you  haven't read the first book don't wait any longer, go get it. And while  you're there pick up the second book as well. Very well done epic.
630218021X|4.0|No film critics seem to like THE MUSIC LOVERS, and Cinebook even scored this film 'zero', claiming that this film should be avoided by all 'music lovers'.  The film's focus on Tchaikovsky's homosexuality has always been  considered inappropriate.  While Cinebook scored 5 stars to AMADEUS which  places emphasis on Mozart's impudent and vulgar character, I think it  should be fairer to this film. THE MUSIC LOVERS is not up to Ken Russell's  other masterpieces like WOMEN IN LOVE, but in terms of film-making, this is  a marvellous film.  In the film's opening, Tchaikovsky (Richard  Chamberlain), playing wildly with his sleigh, has a brief encounter with  Antonina Milyukova (Glenda Jackson), later his wife.  This opening is  simply as witty as David Lean's DOCTOR ZHIVAGO, where Omar Sharif has a  brief encounter with Julie Christie on a tram in the beginning, not  realizing at that time that this is the woman who will become part of his  life.  Indeed, this is how THE MUSIC LOVERS brings these two important  characters together, Nina attending Tchaikovsky's concert, imagining  herself having a good time with the soldier she loves, who later turns out  to be an abuser.  In Nina's imagination and with the 2nd symphony as the  background music, Tchaikovsky shoot the soldier dead in a duel for Nina,  and the two embrace.  Audience will learn that this is Tchaikovsky's  fantasy too, resulting in their marriage, which soon becomes disastrous.   Throughout the film, Tchaikovsky's music is combined with perfect editing.   His 6th symphony is used in the scene on a train, where Nina gets drunk and  takes off all her clothes while Tchaikovsky feels sick as he sees Nina's  breasts and vagina.  The montage here alternating between Tchaikovsky's  face of agony and Nina's body is simply perfect.  Symbolism is also the key  to success for this film.  In the house of Madame von Meck, Tchaikovsky's  secret subsidizer, fireworks form Tchaikovsky's face, and this is when  Madame von Meck finds out about his homosexuality.  The fireworks become  dimmer and dimmer, signifying the end of their relationship.  Now he has to  compose without subsidy, and this comes the climax of the film, the use of  1812 Overture, in which we watch Tchaikovsky's fantasy of getting rid of  all the people in his life, the canons being used to blow off their heads  one by one, again done through the best montage ever. THE MUSIC LOVERS is  not at all faithful to Tchaikovsky's life, but which biographic film is?   Even LUST FOR LIFE has received the same criticism.  When you watch THE  MUSIC LOVERS, I think you should be looking for more than just the story  itself.  Anyway, I have read about Tchaikovsky in encyclopaedia, and I  don't find THE MUSIC LOVERS that untrue.  The film is not one of Ken  Russell's masterpieces, but certainly one of his most stylish.  Also, I am  convinced that a first-class actress like Glenda Jackson, who won an Oscar  just a year before, in WOMEN IN LOVE, would not have agreed to act in a  film which she believed to have a bad script.  She really sacrificed a lot  for this film.  Besides showing her breasts and vagina, she even cut almost  all her hair for the asylum scene by the end of the film, and this is  unquestionably Glenda Jackson in her ugliest.  I think such sacrifice  should have at least earned her an Oscar nomination, but of course, she was  already nominated for another film, SUNDAY BLOODY SUNDAY, that very same  year.
006019250X|5.0|As I said in the title, I loved this book!  My favorite part was when the boy was going to transform himself into the wind.  He told the sun that being distant and unattached to people and things was not love.  The part  that goes &quot;...and he saw that the Soul of God was his own soul, and  that he, a boy, could make miracles...&quot; or something like that was  brilliant.  The ending was just the way I like it.  &quot;Why didn't you  tell me?&quot; the boy asked the alchemist, and the alchemist answered,  &quot;But then you wouldn't have seen the pyramids.  They were beautiful,  weren't they?&quot;  Aaaah...
B00000JY1X|5.0|For the past nine months (with the reissue of &quot;Holiday&quot;), the Magnetic Fields have become my all-time favorite band. Beware of the craving for every Stephin Merritt release that will accompany the purchase  of &quot;69 Love Songs.&quot;<br />This boxed set is the crowning achievement  of the Magnetic Fields' already stellar career. The diversity of the music  is incredible and Stephin Merritt is one of the few artists whose lyrics  are as enjoyable as the music. <br />For the seasoned Magnetic Fields fan,  &quot;69 Love Songs&quot; is significantly less techno-sounding than their  previous work. Guitar, ukelele and piano dominate while the synth pop takes  the back seat.<br />There are too many great songs to list here but my  absolute favorites are &quot;Fido, Your Leash is Too Long&quot;,  &quot;Epitaph for my Heart&quot;, and &quot;The Death of Ferdinand De  Saussure&quot;.<br />Please ignore the review posted by Darren from Chicago.  These albums are not &quot;overindulgent&quot; or &quot;plain old  annoying&quot;: they are creative, humorous, witty and endlessly  listenable. There are so many other bands who package their musical talent  with a pretentious attitude (i.e.  have you ever tried to read the liner  notes to &quot;If Your Feeling Sinister&quot;?). Stephin might  occassionally be bitter and sarcastic, but he is certainly not &quot;cooler  than thou&quot;. <br />The Magnetic Fields have single-handedly restored my  faith in &quot;indie&quot; rock. &quot;69 Love Songs&quot; is a  great work  of pop exuberance for the new millenium.
B00001P4RI|5.0|I was first sent a copy of this wonderous music when I was dating a man whom I deeply love. I knew nothing of Brendan Perry's solo/musical career and when I decided to finally place the tape in and listen to these  blissful/poignant melodies I was brought to tears. Brendan has a mystical  and outwordly voice which silently screams of wisdom and maturity. This  album is for anyone that feels and craves lyrics of wisdom. The melodies  are haunting and memorable. You will have this CD taunt you and you will  not rest until you purchase it. Believe me this is absolutely worth it!
0790734850|5.0|This is an excellent, thought-provoking mystery. The script is intelligent; the acting is powerful; and it is a movie that will keep the audience captivated from the opening scene until the end. The most interesting thing about this film is the depth of the characters. There is no clear \\"good\\" since every character is intensely human with some significant flaw, and this makes the characters very believable and sympathetic. The performances of both Kevin Spacey and Russell Crowe are amazing.
B00003CXBK|5.0|It was the most wonderful movie I could ever hope for!  My friend recommended it to me, and I was very reluctant to see it.  I'm not a big fan of anime.  I always thought the animation was choppy and storylines  bland.  This completely changed my mind.  Princess Mononoke is the best  movie I have ever seen, anime or not!( I've seen almost every movie from  Terminator to Sense and Sensiblity)  I loved how Miyazaki never created a  bad guy.  The most obvious one has good motives, and by the end of the  movie, you're left wondering if this was a movie or a play of real-life  relationships.  It didn't have the classic good vs.evil plot we've all seen  with every movie.  It displays real friendships and issues.  Fantasy fan or  hard-core realist, you'll love this movie!
0140186409|5.0|This book is one of the best i have ever read...although you may have heard that a couple times already. The ending is so moving i sat for a while and thought about what it meant. its one of those endings where you  want to shout at the top of your lungs to everyone in the world &quot;READ  THIS!&quot; . . . although it may seem an eency (really eency) bit slow  moving at times, you MUST KEEP READING!
B00003CWOL|5.0|I am a reasonably knowledgeable person when it comes to not only Christianity, but also Catholic doctrine. I myself am not Catholic, but I understand the meaning and idea behind the Dogmatic structure. This movie  is incredibly funny, but it is also smart. Every joke and situation is,  while no always plausible, but at least correct. Using Biblical references  and actual Church policy, the movie uses what is real, and makes that the  source of humor. If you like your comedy intelligent, this one is for you.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I really like this album, and think it's going to be great for the summer, the songs are fresh, light hearted and fun, and are going to be great if your out driving, with the top down (or something like that anyway). 'All  the small things' has just been number 1 over here in the U.K and this  really great track sums up the general mood of the album, fast, loud and  very jumpy. A lot of people are saying that Blink have sold out, quite  frankly I couldn't care less if bands &quot;sell out&quot;, if they're  still making great songs, plus making a bit of money does it really matter,  no. This is a great album, one worth buying, 5 Stars all the way.
B00000ILBK|2.0|If you're looking for just another episode of Star Trek: Next Generation, then stay up late and watch a rerun.   When will the producers realize that they're making a feature-length movie?   You've got two hours to convince  people that it was work the eight dollars to see it in the theatre, so  you'd better make it worth their while. <br />Why do alien worlds in Next Gen.  movies always look like some place in Yosemite or some other national park?   At least the older Star Trek movies tried to portray alien landscapes and  unusual settings (even low budget movies like Pitch Black can do this.)   I  didn't get a sense of style from Insurrection whereas at least First  Contact and some of the earlier movies had flavor.<br />I like humor, but I  felt a lot of the jokes required having seen most of the TV series.  And  what was with the Joystick?  Moan-inducing scenes like this are familiar  sights and sounds to people who've had to sit through the lesser films of  the series (the odd-numbered curse lives.)<br />Next movie: Please give non  Star Trek fans a reason to see a Star Trek feature.  Take back the mantle  of science-fiction by inspiring awe and exciting the imagination.  After  seven quality years of TV episodes, it's time for quality movies.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Significant Other is cool if you like rap and rock/metal. If you like just rock and hate rap this wouldn't be the perfect album, same with rap lovers you wouldn't like it. The lyrics are crude and nasty (listen to N 2 Gether  Now on the explicit CD) and if you have children this wouldn't be the best  lyrics. To Sum it all up this is the CD for you if you like rap/rock and  can accept the lyrics!
B00003CX6P|4.0|What differs this movie from the others is that Mr.Ripley is an anti-hero, though you want him to win. I think this movie will be something different for those, who are tired of watching Mr.nice guys all the time. I have read  the book years ago and and I think it is a very good adaptation but could  have also been better. That's why I rated it with 4 stars whereas i'd rate  the book with 5. The acting by Matt Damon is also very impressive, he is  just like the Ripley I had in mind as i was reading the book. I hope they  also shoot the other Ripley books soon.
0140282033|4.0|A book that was an absolute delight and one which I admit I devoured in a single sitting...much as I could the confectionry forming the base for the book. It was wonderful to see the small village and its people without the  &quot;tourist guide&quot; feeling to it. I allowed you to forget you the  place and concentrate on the rich characters and their well developed  conflicts and experiences.Human experience and a commentry on life tied  together in a rich warm chocolate web. One thing...Give us more. I would  love to see more of this village and the people.
B00004C8TF|5.0|It is quite remarkable that Also Sprach Zarathustra was originally recorded in March, 1959, the digital remastering makes it sound like a brand new recording.  The percussion here and in Till Eulenspiegel is very  crisp.  The performances are pretty well self-recommending.  On Track 7  there is a glissando by the Vienna Philharmonic strings that makes you  shake your head in disbelief.  This recording is also enhanced by the  excellent documentation, including the Herculean efforts by the engineers  some 40 years ago to dub the organ parts, which were played at a nearby  church (there was no organ at the Sofiensaal).  The organ had to be  re-tuned to the VPO's pitch.  Quite fascinating reading indeed. <br />I won't  go so far as to say this is the one to have for this music, as Karajan's  1974 recording with the BPO of all 4 of these items is pretty great in its  own right.  I think Michel Schwalbe's solo violin contribution in the  latter recording might tip the scales in its favour, but that's admittedly  splitting hairs.  Fritz Reiner's famous recording in Chicago, and Haitink,  and Kempe in Dresden - just to name a few - can rub shoulders with either  of the Karajans.  Nonetheless, this record is very welcome indeed and can  be strongly recommended, especially at medium price.
0805062971|5.0|I bought this book around two weeks before the film made its debut and I have read it three times since. Palahniuk creates a perfect satire of the emptiness young men feel and the vain attempts to fill the void with  anything from furniture and exotic mustard to brawling and attempting and  overthrow of society. And the refreshing thing is that unlike American  Psycho, this novel is more subdued and focused on the story as opposed to  the gory details. Having worked in a soulless office setting for three  years before finding a job I love, I empathized heavily with the narrator.  A must read for anyone under 40 who feels the world passed them over. The  last chapter alone for me was beautiful and brilliant. Those final three  pages are worth the price of purchase
B000002LFU|5.0|Very good implication of rock and pop, all mixed into this excellent CD, especially, Stand, which totally rocks, and I would pay 11 bucks just to hear that.
630575067X|1.0|I have watched this movie 2 and a half times (couldnt make it throught the 3rd time), and as much as I loved Star Wars, the sadfact is that this is a bad movie.  Why?  1.)  Bad acting:  especially the kid who plays Annakin.   He expresses no emotion and most of the time it sounds like he's reading  off cue cards.  The other actors were equally as bad, with the exception of  Liam Neeson and Ewan McGregor who did a fine job.  2.)  Jar Jar. Annoying.    I'll say no more.  3.)Too much digital animation.  I agree with a previous  review, what happened to honest to god costumes and actors?  The animated  characters look fake.  Its looks a little better on video than in the  theater, but not much.  4.) Bad VHS transfer.  Refusing to pay 30 for the  widescreen vhs tape, i purchased the pan and scan version.  This is the  worst pan and scan job ever done.   sometimes the camera is focused on  blank space between the action.  Instead of focusing on one character, they  chose to do a half of two characters.  If youve seen it  then you know what  i mean.  The tape quality looked like something expected from a bootleg  or  homemade VHS copy made on SLP.  Bad stuff, honestly. Very dull picture  quality, thogh admittedly the sound wasnt that bad.  5.) A little  confusing.  Does the average person really know what a Sith Lord is?  Too  much politics also, not enought fun like the orginals.  6.) Boring,  unimaginative plot.  I was watching my VCR, counting down the minutes until  it ended.   Thats not how Star Wars should be watched.  Time was never a  factor in the originals.  Those seemed like they werent long ENOUGH!   So :  All in all, very dissapointing.  Seemed like a 2 hour commercial for video  games and action figures.  If you havent seen this film yet, dont taint  your memory of this series by watching this film.  Let your imagination  decide the events leading up to the trilogy, you'll be better off.   What a  letdown.
0790729407|5.0|This is a superb film about a real character (and in my opinion hero) from Irish history.  I've watched both the VHS tape and the DVD and I found the DVD much sharper and the sound remarkable.  Combat, including artillery, is  indeed a very noisy reality.  A great story, a great dramatic production,  and a fine recording on DVD.
1878424165|5.0|I found the Seven Spiritual very inspirational.  Deepak Chopra gives you 7 different laws of the spirit. He tells you how to follow a life without an ego.  Which means a life without selfishness. Deepak mentions how you can  make wonderfull decisions for your life.  He suggests that you find your  hidden talents and with those talents benefit mankind. I found the seven  spiritual laws of success very beneficial to my life.  I will recommend  this book to anyone, who wnats to improve their lives.
B000002VBY|5.0|Early to late 80's metal was sucha wonderful time for music.  Today it's trashed for big hair and spandex cliches (which is true-after awhile there WAS too many no-talent bands spoiling things, but that happens in every  genre), but the music was great and it was FUN-something so sadly missing  in today's rock/rap/industrial hybrids. Krokus' Headhunter is an  outstanding representation of the era.  Great hookfilled songs that have  stood the test of time! Put on &quot;Eat The Rich&quot; andI defy anyone  not to get into it with gusto! RocK ON! (Picture my hand up giving the  devil horn sign.)
6305776369|5.0|I really loved this movie!!  It's one of those movies that is soooo stupid  it hilarious!!  Molly really did an outstanding job!!  For days afterwards  all I would do was say Superssstar and I would crack up!!  The cat fight  was a trip, &quot;go drink a bottle of yourself!!&quot;,I was rolling.  I  am definately buying this movie it's a KEEPER!!  Even if you don't follow  SNL you'll lik it!! Buy it, rent it, or borrow it, do what you gotta do but  WATCH it!!  The tree kissing scene is so funny!!
0380002930|5.0|This is about a group of rabbits who sense danger. Fiver, Hazel, Bigwig, Pipkin and others go to find a new warren. They meet dangers and adventures. It is fantastic how the author makes the rabbits come to live,  give them a religion, a character. Watership Down was gripping all the way  through and I couldn't stop reading it. I recommend this, it is fantastic,  I now even want the second book of it!
0671646788|5.0|You read the book, you get inspired!  With any self-help book there is a balance between &quot;enjoyable stories&quot; and &quot;specifics&quot; that you can use in your own life.  This book gives you both.  If you're  reading it at the right time in your life it can give you an amazing boost.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is probably one of the best movies that I have ever seen.<br />The beauty of the plot gets you really thinking about 'reality'.  The special effects keep you amazed. Finally, the action is a constant rollercoaster.   Put this all together with a killer soundtrack, and you have one hell of a  good time on a little disc.
6304490119|2.0|The resason for me giving this film only 2 stars is that in the middle of the film, you have to flip it over to watch the second half. This is VERY frustrating.  Buying the special edition version, you won't have to worry  about this.  This is a great film and I wonder who the brilliant mind  behind this version's editting is (i.e.- cutting the film in two parts).
630575067X|1.0|The star is for the special effects. <br />While I wasn't expecting the exact same excitement of the original movies, I was hoping for some.  The plot is extremely drug out.  I tried to watch this movie 4 times, and fell asleep  each time. (The first time was in the theatre.)<br />Major disappointment that  I will keep next to my Tylenol PM.
0140288503|5.0|Recommended book for every military professional.  Goes beyond the politics and strategic-operational disconnect and examines the human nature of combat.  However, Bowden has created an objective portrayal of a battle  that speaks well beyond the tactical context and events.  It shows (my  opinion) the evolution of the military from post cold war and desert storm  into the more difficult environment of asymmetrical warfare.  Highlights  our shortcomings in regards to really understanding culture and environment  and how important a cultural preparation of the battlefield can be during  mission analysis.  In Bowden's writings there are many  &quot;take-aways&quot; that remain relevant today as we continue to  flounder in a &quot;UN-Nation Building environment.&quot;  I have never  before felt such a range of emotions reading a book, with pride being the  overwhelming feeling by far.  The events of Somalia have shaped how the US  makes strategic decisions today and can clearly be seen in events as recent  as Kosovo. Bravo Zulu to Mark Bowden in his work that I believe will be  classified as a classic of Modern Warfare.
0446310786|5.0|Harper Lee gets to you, from the start. she covers important issues like racism and growth. She creates such a vivid picture in your head, and covers the alabama accent clearly. I had to read this in 9th grade, and I  plan on buying this book soon. There is a lot of symbolism in the book and  hidden messages. Everyone should read it at least once!
B00003CWPR|1.0|THE ONE GOOD THING ABOUT THIS MOVIE IS THAT NICOLE KIDMAN GETS NAKED FOR THE FIRST TIME.RENT IT BEFORE BUYING IT AND IF YOU DO LIKE IT COPY IT.THIS MOVIE IS JUST AS BORING AS THE SIXTH SENSE.IT'S A VERY SLOW MOVIE.
B00003TL18|5.0|Elvis said that Roy Orbison was the world's greatest singer.Listening to 'Black and White Night'I know what he meant. Orbison is surrounded by some of the great names of popular music-Springsteen,Costello,Rait and more-but  he is never dwarfed by them.His is the voice that soars abovc the showbiz  glitter as he gives the performance of his life.He takes Elvis Costello's  'The Comedians'and makes it an Orbison classic on a par with 'Running  Scared'.He matches Springsteen note for note,twang for twang on 'Oh.Pretty  Woman'and there is no doubt who is the 'boss'here.His voice is never less  than perfect,every well known hit song transformed by the magic of this  performance.The addition of the previously unreleased 'Claudette'serves to  enhance this set-but how do you improve upon genius?Roy Orbison said 'I  just want to be remembered'.Listen to this and you will.
6305718954|5.0|I SEEN THIS MOVIE 3 TIMES ALREADY AND I LOVE MORE AND MORE OF IT EACH AND EVERY TIME.THE BACKROUND MUSIC FITS THIS MOVIE LIKE NO OTHER.PATRICIA ARQUETTE LOOKS VERY PRETTY.THIS IS PROBABLY HER BEST WORK YET.I PERSONALLY  LIKE THIS BETTER THAN &quot;THE EXORCIST&quot; CAUSE STIGMATA CAME OUT  LATER AND THERES BETTER KINDS OF EFFECTS.BUY THIS MOVIE NOW.
0964385619|5.0|Fantastic book. This is truly one of the best books on gaining a proper perspective on money that I have ever read.  Robert Kiyosaki will give you a new outlook on how to think about money the way wealthy and financially  savvy people do.  This book is a education.  I continue to read this book  over again and have not only learned a great deal from it, I have profited  from some of the ideas in this book.  A must read for anyone interested in  becoming more financially astute.
0425152251|3.0|I have to admit that this was pretty heavy going for much of the time. I plodded through diligently, more to 'learn' a bit more about the various philosophies than anything else. But then, I didn't retain anything, so I  might as well have read a text book! The contemporary story didn't really  grip me. Not bad to fill in some time, but not exactly my cup of tea. It  might prove useful if I ever need to have a Cheat Notes version of several  philosophers. Fortunately, there's an index to help.
B000002UJQ|5.0|&quot;Subterranean Homesick Alien&quot; is one of the coolest and most oddly beautful songs I've ever heard.  I mean how can you not totally space-out to the we-have-lift-off! guitars in the soaring chorus?  It  totally rocks!  Ladies and Gentlmen, We are Blasting into SPACE!  Who else  can do something like that with a guitar?  The rest of the album is pretty  darn great too.
0385491026|5.0|This is my favourite Margaret Atwood novel. It reads to be almost autobiographical. The early parts evoke the loneliness and vulnerability of childhood so painfully and beautifully. It is one of the finest tellings of  tormented childhood that I have read, outside of children's literature. If  you like Atwood, are interested in a feminist writer, who manages to convey  messages of humanity rather than ideology, then you can't do better than  this.
B000003TA4|3.0|I give &quot;Nevermind&quot; 3 stars out of respect, but I intensely hate this album and this band.  In my opinion (which could get me lynched, I realize), Kurt Cobain and crew were nothing special.  They were just the  first grunge guys to get lucky enough to have a hit.  And then he just  complained about his success the rest of the time.  If you want to be a  rock star, be prepared to have your life turned upside down- that's the way  it works.  Hate this album.  If I never heard &quot;Smells Like Teen  Spirit&quot; ever again, it would still be one time too many.
B00000JCOV|5.0|MAKE KORN AND LIMP BIZKIT LOOK LIKE THE BACKSTREET BOYS. REDEFINING THE WAY MUSIC SHOULD BE......THAT GOOD.
B000001FS6|3.0|&quot;Hawkmoon 269&quot; gives me chills.  &quot;All I Want is You&quot; is perhaps the most beautiful love song ever written.  Good album over all.
