B00002MZ4W|5.0|I fell in love with Fiona Apple after hearing her Tidal CD, and reading the truly inspired and complex lyrics.  I worried that the follow up album might not be able to live up to the first, and that perhaps Tidal was a  fluke.....my worries were for nothing. It blows my mind that someone so  young can write words that reach into you and grab at the feelings  thoughts, and emotions that we all feel at any given time but cannot BEGIN  to put into words.  My God, I would love to meet this girl and spend an  afternoon talking with her, but barring that, I will settle (quite  contentedly) for listening to her music over and over again, until my  husband threatens (as he did when I played out Tidal) to crush the CD if I  don't ease up on it.  I look forward - even at this early date- to Ms.  Apple's next album.  &quot;When the Pawn..&quot; is absolutely wonderful.
6305095442|5.0|Evil Dead 2 is by far one of the best sequels ever,but one of the funniest horror films ever made. Ash returns to the same cabin as in part one and all havoc runs wild again. Most fans of the series would probably find this  one to be the most entertaining.
B000000W6F|3.0|Hello! I'm Todd.  I enjoyed Gish because it was smashing and powerful.  Heavier than Nine Inch Nails and Marilyn Manson.  I've bought this and I am giving it a three star rate because I didn't like that there were o0nly 10  songs on it!  I wish I had a good mind to review such Smashing Pumpkins  records but I'm too into that dumb reject, Marilyn Manson.  Those Pumpkins  rock away the new year.  GREAT MILLENIUM MATERIAL!
6302516919|4.0|John Carpenter's adaptation to Stephen King's novel was a fright scare at the least. This film is about A teenage boy obsessed with his ol' car Christine. Well what happens next is predictable his car is maimed to kill  anyone that he may not like but without him driving it. Still maybe corny  to some but features a great Score similar to Halloween 3 by Carpenter.  Features Alexandra Paul in a pre Baywatch era.
6304493681|5.0|Based on Masamune Shirow's epic Manga graphic novel, this movie casts a disturbing light on the possibilities of artificial intelligence.A highly intellectual anime.
B000020617|4.0|so Dave doesn't exactly have the biceps of John Rzeznik.  so what?  no, this band isn't replacing the dolls at the top of my list, but it at least made my list.  'Learn to Fly' has beat, guitars, and lyrics-a good song by  a good group.  In sharp contrast, 'Aurora' is soft and beautiful.  this  raises the question-is there anything these guys can't do?
6305090564|2.0|Good effects but weak story line.  Lots of great effects and sound (DVD).  Movie not worth the time except for beauty of Famke Janssen who isn't on screen all that much
0440214041|5.0|this is the book to read by Mr. Grisham, a carefully plotted tale about a serial killer and his tracks.  it may keep you awake at night, but no more than 'the client' did.  and this one is even better.
B00001MXWX|2.0|Insurrection was too much like an episode of Star Trek and not enough like a movie.  It wasn't nearly as epic as Generations.
0385493800|3.0|interesting story, but the whole illiginimate child thing is not incredibly exciting.  Somehow, Mr. Grisham has managed to dissappoint me with a lack of his usual flair, clearly evident in previous titles.  What  ever happened to the mob thrill that he so easily evokes.  a good read, but  not what it could be, sir.
B000000LZV|5.0|I have never been as deeply affected by a work of art in my life as in the way Double Nickels did.  This album has been played literally every day since i bought it.  There are no lines that i can write that can come close  to explaining the experiences you will have while listening to this album.  This will stay with me until the day I die, and then it will be played at  my funeral.
0440213525|5.0|thank you, Mr. Grisham, for the realistic portrayal of a child torn apart and manipulated not only by the mob but by the federal government.  it just goes to show that us kids are still the most vunerable in life.  scary for  me as a young girl, but exciting and eloquent.  again, thank you.
0062502182|4.0|Someone told me to read The Alchemist.He meant the one by Ben Jonson.I am glad I picked up the `wrong one`. A most fascinating read. One is taken on a magic carpet ride even though in the book the mode of transport is by  walking, camel and caravan. The language and tone of the book reminds me of  Hemingway`s ~Old Man &amp; The Sea`.Coincidentally the central figure is  also named Santiago.Coelho writes simply and so the reader can just on and  on without getting lost.Like many great books, the author drew much from  the bible. VEry imaginatively he made Santiago to represent both David the  shephard boy and Joseph the dreamer. I know It sounds like a cliche but  indeed the book is a tour de force, the wind the sand the sun the boy the  sheep..all chemistry wrought by the same hand.It`s wonderful. Now back to  Ben Jonson,,,
B0000214F2|5.0|how can someone mix humour and death so bitterly as Robin Williams does in this film and make us want to watch it over and over?  because it is a classic boy meets girl and falls in comedic love story, but the  complications death sets out are shocking and needed.  It seems to say a  lot about or world today.
B00003003R|5.0|This is a great CD. It gives you most of the big G n' R hits which is great if you're a huge fan or just a casual listener. I didn't like the fact that it was live at first but you really can't hjear the crowd much  and the sound is great.
B0000214F3|5.0|brad pitt is amazing.  death is not an easy part to play, and yet he manages it with such ease.  this movie is a tough reality and definitly not comedy, but good.  anthony hopkins plays a dismayed and dying billionare,  and gives death a tour of life before he leaves this world.  but what  happens when his daughter falls in love with this curious Joe Black... it  has a happy ending, don't worry.
0446525537|5.0|Never have I read a book as touching as this.  This book kept me at the edge of my seat.  One can usually predict how a book ends up, but I had know idea with this book, not only at the end, but all through the book.   And being 17 y/o myself, it taught me a few things.
B0000399WI|5.0|The Shawshank Redemption is a movie I missed at the theaters.  I don't know why, but I just never got around to seeing it.  SR has developed a huge online following since then, and I've heard plenty of praise for it.  While the DVD contains no extras, I couldn't resist the price.  The other  reviews elequently describe this masterpiece.  But, I had to add my voice  to the choir and proclaim that The Shawshank Redemption is one of the most  terrific and uplifting films I've ever had the pleasure of seeing.  The  characters, story, everything is beautiful.  How this film lost out to  Forest Gump in the 94 Oscars, I'll never know.  SR will be regarded as THE  defining film of the 90's.  Do not miss this one!
B0000028M7|5.0|I know &quot;Dirt&quot; inside and out.  It's an album that expresses writhing pain and torment in an all-at-once angry and beautiful way.  From the opening yell of &quot;Them Bones&quot; to the album closing statement  of &quot;If I would, could you?&quot;, the album describes the hell of  heroin addiction and makes you feel the suffering withdrawl.  Expertly  constructed songs and masterful vocal harmonies blanket this record.  All I  can say is, no matter what your musical taste, you will appreciate the  talent and musicianship expressed on this album.  My roommate is into Neil  Diamond and Barry Manilow and loves this album.  If you like thick guitars,  virtuosic vocals and songwriting bordering genius, you'll really immerse  yourself in this piece of music...one of the best albums of the decade.
6300216039|5.0|i loved this movie it is my most favorite movie ever. i love william shakespeare anyway and i love every book he has ever wrote. this is a movie i would love to see over and over again.
B00002MZ12|4.0|I love Alanis' music dearly, but this album slightly disappointed me. The recording seems muffled in bits and Alanis' vocals kind of lack the emotion she puts behind the songs in other recordings. But still, the album is  beautiful. I guess my opinion is slightly biased because I generally  dislike Unplugged forays.
B000003TA4|4.0|A great album, full of emotional and well writen, forthright songs. Their guitar rifts are catching and their tunes are addictive. I never actually imagined myself listening to Nirvana, but I was very surprised when I  popped the CD in my player. They're great. The song I like and can probably  relate to most is &quot;Come As You Are.&quot; Overall a great album.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Alanis is absolutly the best. Her voice is powerful. Her lyrics are raw and unabashed. She doesn't censor herself, a trait I truly admire. Though some may perceive this CD as a disapointment, as being worse than her last  album, I couldn't beg to differ more. While her last CD projected her  rawness and true-to-selfness, it also seemed to have a certain tinge of  glitz (to sell, and believe me, IT DID). This CD seems to be the opposite,  as far removed from commercialism as possible. She truly focused on  channeling herself and being artistic on this album.
B00000K19E|4.0|The story line of this movie is great and very original. Very entertaining. The action is non stoping and the visual effects are unsurpassed. I found a problem with the movie which is also common to many  other movies on DVD: the anamorphic format. this format which is not  standard 4:3(standard format) or 16:9 (true wide screen)make the faces to  appear squeezed and unnormal. Perhaps it is time that the editors think  more in the integrity of the movie than in their desired to show more movie  en less space. For great entertainment I recommend The Matrix.
B00000JCB2|5.0|If you want the best, then get Significant Other! Every song will keep your head slammin, and they all have the best beats and lyrics! My fave songs on this album are &quot;Nookie&quot; &quot;9 Teen 90 Nine&quot;  &quot;Just Like This&quot; &quot;Trust?&quot; and &quot;Break Stuff&quot;  is a great song to listen to when you are really angry at someone! Buy this  CD! It is soo worth it! If you like KoRn, KidRock, or any other  alt-rock-rap-metal groups, you will love this CD. It is not as hard-core as  3$ Bill, but it's still an awesome CD!
B00000JCB2|5.0|This CD is incredible! Fred does an awesome job with the vocals, and songwriting! Every song is totally rockin' and if you like any alt-rock groups, you will definitely enjoy this CD! My fave songs are  &quot;Nookie&quot; &quot;Trust?&quot; &quot;9 Teen 90 Nine&quot; and  &quot;Break Stuff&quot; which is a great song to listen to when you are  angry!  Buy it -- this cd is soo worth it!
B00000016Q|1.0|Yeah, thats about what describes it. You can't really get much worse than this forgettable monstrosity-I don't know whats worse, McCartney or Band on the Run. Maybe I'm Amazed is ok but the rest is just-junk.
B000009ED0|4.0|Unlike other RATM clones, Kid Rock mixes various sounds second only to The Artist.  His music is a little different on each track, so if you're an AC/DC fan or have every disc put out by Public Enemy, then you may want to  skip this disc.<br />While the profanity at times can be a little monotonous  (the F-word is used as just about every part of speech and participle), the  music and even the lyrics at times just got off!  Turn this up to 10, open  some beer with your friends and let the party begin.<br />This kid may be the  rap version of Beck if he keeps trying new approaches to mixing rap, rock,  and even country together for an amalgam that makes you want rock and jam  the whole disc through.<br />Buy it if you like original music that rocks!
0156421178|5.0|Homage to Catalonia may be the most important book I ever read. Important because it is the book that inspired me to become a journalist, a writer and a teacher.<br />On the surface, this book is a reportage of the Spanish  Civil War. It deals, of course, with the politics, some of the military  strategy, and the deep social divisions of the period. More importantly,  however, it is the story of how an idealistic, naive, but brilliant man  discovered personal truths about war, politics and humanity.<br />As a history  of the Spanish Civil War, it is probably suspect. Orwell was isolated in  Catalonia, affiliated with the POUM, a far-left revolutionary Marxist party  led by Andres Nin [not Durutti who was, in fact, commander of the Anarchist  CNT's militia], and a foreigner. He didn't see enough of the war to write  its definitive history.<br />However, that's not the task Orwell sets for  himself. Rather, this is a chronicle of idealistic young men and women in  dark times. It is a tale of the promise of revolution and its betrayal by  power. Homage to Catalonia is a story of deep humanity about the dignity of  man, home, and disillusionment.<br />It is a great book.
B000035Z2L|5.0|Ignore all the whining about how immature this movie is. Sowhat if it is? That's what makes it so funny! Jason Biggs is great asthe onanistic Jim.  The dad sequences are especially funny! Hey, we all remember getting &quot;the big talk&quot;, don't we? Chris Klein kicked as Oz. (He gives another awesome performance in &quot;Election&quot;. Check this one out too!) Finch was especially entertaining, and the MILF guys just crack me up! For some harmless, raunchy teen fun, pick this one up right now!  END
0553573403|5.0|I picked up &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; just because they kept raving about it in &quot;Dromen en Demonen&quot;, my favest dutch fantasy magazine. They did the same with The Wheel of Time from Jordan, so I kind  of trusted their judgement. And I was wise to trust them. This book was the  first after The Wheel of Time that could finally draw my attention again.  It was just as enthralling and enchanting, the main characters were just as  interesting, and I got to admit that I adore books with intruiges like, for  example, Mists of Avalon and The Wheel of Time and The Farseer Trilogy.  AGOT gave me all that and more. It left me, at last, again, begging for  more. I ran to the bookstore to buy A Clash of Kings the moment I finished  it, and now I have to wait again.  Maybe I should stop reading great  fantasy series or something, the wait is killing me! :) Anyways, I'm dying  to find out how the series continue; Daenerys with her Dragons, Sansa with  her terrible fiancee, Robb being King of the North, and dont forget Jon and  the Nightwatch....
0385484518|5.0|It gives a great lesson on life.  I was impressed by Morrie's positive attitude about his disease throughout the book.  My father is suffering from a disease closely related to Morries, it really hit home.
1559408855|1.0|If you want to see a purely sadistic trash you'll probably love this disgusting movie. If you not, please pay attention: THIS IS NOT A SERIOUS MOVIE ABOUT FASCISM, OR TOTALITARIANISM, OR OPRESSION, OR ANYTHING LIKE  THAT. There's a lot of serious good movies about this subject, like those  by Costa Gravas, for instance. Pasolini made a exercise in perversity here.  Please, follow my advice: Don`t see this horrible piece of trash. Actually,  this film was banished from most countries, with good reason.
B0000072VM|5.0|PFM were a brilliant Italian progressive-rock outfit.  This album is one of their finest. Each composition is rich with a strong sense of melody, intricate composition, diverse instrumental interplay and originality.   More than perhaps any other prog-rock outfit they were successful in  marrying the influences of classical and chamber music to that of rock to  present a unique and exceptional product.  There is not a weak number in  the collection. The only thing one will wish for in listening to this fine  disc is an understanding of Italian as on this recording they had yet to  break from singing in their native tongue. Highly recommended...Simon
B000007T1M|5.0|This is one of the best cd's I have ever heard. SOAD is incredibly heavy, but adds interesting elements to their sound, such as punk, jazz, and Middle Eastern sounds to make the most distinct sounding and awesome  sounding cd's this decade. I highly reccomend this, it stands apart from  any other band I have ever heard and will no doubt remain one of my  favorite cd's for a long time.
B000007U4U|4.0|Sadly, this band chose to break up after their second release, Rotter's Club.  This their debut recording, is really a solid performance by some well respected Canterbury musicians.  Richard Sinclair(bass) and Pip  Pyle(drums) were two of the founding members of Caravan. Dave  Stewart(keyboard) went on to National Health and Bruford. Phil  Miller(guitar) rounds out the quartet to present a band with one foot in  Caravan influenced prog-rock with the other foot well in the jazz-fusion  pool. They pull it off nicely.  Where the debut is not quite as strong as  Rotter's Club, it is still a strong album.  The compositions focus more on  instrumental chops than traditional songs (Sinclair does the honor of  assuming the occassional vocal).  This is not unlike some of Frank Zappa's  instrumental work in that they are quirky, humorous and playful but  delivered with skill and sophistication. Recommended...Simon
B000002NJS|5.0|I must admit that I did like the early 90's Madonna better but this is great as well. All the neagtive comments on this page seem to say how Madonna is over 40 and she should act her age. Would people like her music  better if she was 20? Just because she's older doesn't mean her music isn't  good. Some of the best songs on this album are Skin, Nothing Really Matters  and the title track. Definetely a great addition to anyone's CD collection.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|i bought it as a christmas gift for my brother.  all who viewed it concluded it was a waste of time AND money!  a bad will smith movie (if you can believe that! )  i have seen the tv show the movie was based on and it  is more believable than this movie!  WAIT UNTIL ITS ON THE NETWORKS!  one  highlight-SALMA HYACK! (the one star is for her!)
B000002L9S|5.0|This is a great album. Madonna has adopted a new sleeker image in this era. she has just finished her Boy Toy phase and is married to Sean Penn. The lyrics are much more mature and a lot more upbeat. Definetly a must  buy.
6304712499|5.0|Most Spawn fans would find the movie a little absurd because it's PG13 and there some big charecters missing like Chapel and Overkill but it's a great opportunity to see in flesh and blood (ehm all right maybe not flesh :))  But in this DVD there are very extraordinnary special features i think  those are the best features 've ever seen on a DVD. Like: 2 music videos  (not to forget Marilyn Manson video but i might be warning you do not watch  it if you have a bad heart or a feeble stomach...) First time seen original  McFarlan sketches and many many more... This one is a must for a comics  fan.
B000002L6P|5.0|Out of her two first albums, it's easy to see that this is twice as good as the first album. It has great tunes and there is not one song on this album I don't like. They are all fabulous.
B00002Z88D|5.0|S&amp;M recieves high praise.  they come out with all the usual drive and force, and just make it sound better.  The best thing about this CD, is that they don't try to dumb rock and roll down, they just try to enhance it  while leaving the core of it alone.  I loved this CD!  You get all the old  and new Metallica.  The symphonie sounds great, and really adds to the  music.  S&amp;M is a great buy, and comes highly recomended!
B000002LCD|4.0|I gave this album 4 stras. One for each Madonna song. Don't even bother listening to the rest. The best song of course is the title track, Who's That Girl.
0385491026|4.0|Margaret Atwood succeeds at portraying the vicious treatment administered to a young girl by her &quot;friends&quot;.  This book should be read by everyone, especially females, because it is so true to life.  This one  really hit home for me, and now I'm reconsidering the relationship between  me and my childhood best friend.
B00000K19E|5.0|READERS:      This movie is powerful, it is extraordinary, it genuinely has the power to make your mind feel like it is being taken on a trip to a land that is terrifying.  Please make sure you are fully relaxed and stress  free before watching this particular movie.  SHEW.....
B000002P74|5.0|A must have for any Skynyrd fan.  All the songs you want in one CD.  Including the much too seldom heard &quot;Ballad of Curtis Loew&quot;.
630562285X|4.0|READERS:     Sean Connery Still has it, thats for sure! If you want to be entranced by the latest in the power of the mind and the body's capability, this movie is surely for you!  Don't miss another excellent presentation by  SEAN CONNERY!
B00000FCBC|5.0|Not normally a fan of cover cds, I make an exception here.  Perhaps I'm all wrapped up in the new Metallica fan hype, but since I've been a fan for quite some time, I feel it's justified.  I truly believe that James  Hetfield has one of the most powerful voices in any form of music that's  being released these days.  And he has captured a sound in these cds that  keeps the songs original yet assigning his own precision to them.   Astronomy is a particularly involved song that keeps my attention and makes  me want to hear it over and over.  Really a great set of cds, and a good  &quot;crowd pleaser&quot;.
0446607274|4.0|Bosch is at it again, and if you're a Harry fan, you'll like this effort by Connelly.  Just the slightest bit predictable.  Not bad, but he's had better.  (Harry's wife may be the most boring character in fiction.  Get  rid of her for good!)
6305627401|5.0|... The point of this movie is to confront uncomfortable issueshead-on through blatant language and violence, and yes, crude,childish humor. But remember, we were once children, whether we would like to remember or not.  END
B00000K2SC|4.0|I enjoyed this movie thoroughly from the get-go. The storyline was interesting and the great acting performances from Fishburne and Keanu  Reeves really helped to bolster this film. The biggest problem I have with  this movie that people seem to completely oblivious to is that there's no  ending. The story of this movie is about Keanu Reeves, Lawrence Fishburne,  Trinity and the rest of their Team who are trying to fight their way back  to Zion (a place where people are not controlled by &quot;The  Matrix&quot;). Not only do Keanu and crew not make it back to Zion, we  never even get to see it. That's the whole goal of the movie! I was left  with a hollow feeling inside me, like something was left unfulfilled. Not  to mention the fact that in the end, there were 3 deadly agents left. Keanu  Reeves kills one of them with some deft moves, the other two agents scatter  in different directions. That means that not only do we not get to see  Zion, we don't get to see the destruction of the Matrix, and there are  still two agents running around (who don't pose much of a threat to Neo,  but...) who still have the potential to kill off the rest of Neo's team.  I'm not going to argue with the rest of the reviews on the Amazon Dot Com  site. They are valid. This movie does have great special effects, very good  acting, and a storyline that pulls you in. But there's no sense of finality  in this movie. To compare this with Star Wars, yes, Darth Vader was still  alive, but at least the biggest impending force (the Death Star) was  destroyed, and the Rebel Alliance could breath easy for a little bit. In  the Matrix, at the end of the film, nobody can rest easy, not even Neo even  if he did manage to kill off the last 2 agents. There's no telling what  other kind of havoc the Matrix can dish out, because the Matrix still  controls everything!!! That's what really bothers me about this flick.
B000001EGA|5.0|I was 13 at that time, my brother had this LP and I listened to it almost constantly that summer. Every song has its own life, the guitars crunch out of your speakers in the chorus of Captain Fantastic, Meal Ticket was EJ's  best rocker, and the fade out of Curtains always brings chills. The reverb  on the drums in Better Off Dead is cool.  <br />This is one of those LP's that  become part of you and never leave you.  And the last great document of the  best band EJ ever had.  They reunited a few times in the 80's but never  really found the magic again.  Elton could sure use them now.  His music  has become so boring and repetitive that I don't care if he ever puts  anything else out.  I bought The Big Picture back in 1997 and I don't think  I ever listened to it all the way through, boring, boring, boring.  Play  some rock &amp; roll again EJ and quit writing musicals!
B000031XCR|5.0|I am of French Canadian Ancestry (South Louisiana) &amp; on a recent trip to Montreal I came to know what a love affair Quebec has with this Lady. They have every right to be proud, she is not only a heart &amp; SOUL  songstress, but a caring individual with alot of class &amp; ability. The  Cd is incredibly good!
0800196341|5.0|Not only did this version touch my soul, but it reached a height of intimacy never seen in other work's by Shakespeare. As to focus on the actors' themself would be trite. Therefore the mere importance of either  Winslet or Branagh is uncontrary to its true excellence. The passion drawn  from a director's soul affects the consesus of the audiences emotions.  Based on these facts, i would not only rate this selection among the zenith  of Shakespear's works, but a platform for the advication of man. This movie  is totally awesome! It's better than Backstreet Boys! Yes.
B000003CKH|5.0|What other band could do covers of a disco hit, a country ballad, and a spanish mambo and nail them all?  Cake's unique musical sensibility sustains even their strangest experimentations. The original tunes on this  album are even better than the covers -- Italian Leather Sofa skewers  Yuppie happiness, Nugget's catchy, f-word-laden chorus is guaranteed to get  you in trouble, and songs like It's Coming Down and She'll Come Back to Me  have a depth of feeling unheard of in most pop music. Fans of They Might Be  Giants and REM will appreciate Cake's deadpan delivery and complex, obtuse  lyrics.  Fans of Wilco and the like will like the little bit of alt-country  flavor (thankfully, just a taste).  Ska aficionados will love the horns and  great beats, and  fans of Bush and Silverchair -- well, should probably see  if they can get a &quot;taste in music&quot; implant.   The only two songs  that you'll find yourself skipping are &quot;Race Car Ya-yas&quot; and  &quot;Stick Shifts and Safety Belts,&quot; which stretch Cake's strengths  until they become liabilities. All in all, however, 12 solidly great songs  make a fine CD in anyone's book.
0800196341|5.0|Not only did this version touch my soul, but it reached a height of intimacy never seen in other work's by Shakespeare. As to focus on the actors' themself would be trite. Therefore the mere importance of either  Winslet or Branagh is uncontrary to its true excellence. The passion drawn  from a director's soul affects the consesus of the audiences emotions.  Based on these facts, i would not only rate this selection among the zenith  of Shakespear's works, but a platform for the advication of man. This movie  is totally awesome! It's better than Backstreet Boys! Yes.
B00000DBXL|4.0|Looking through the liner notes, I noticed that one name is missing from Cake's lineup -- the songwriter that gave the world &quot;The Distance&quot; and &quot;Nugget.&quot;   Therefore, most of the songs on  this album are in the vein of &quot;Open Book,&quot; &quot;Italian Leather  Sofa,&quot; and &quot;It's Coming Down.&quot; Without the beat-poetry/rap  songs or any new cover tunes, on first listen all the songs are  same-sounding (with the exception of &quot;Sheep go to Heaven,&quot; which  moves and shakes).  It is only on repeated listens that other great songs  emerge.  McRae is a great lyricist and a compelling singer, but should go  for a little greater diversity in sound. Still, the album would be worth  picking up for only &quot;Sheep,&quot; &quot;Never There,&quot; and  &quot;The Guitar,&quot; and there are easily five or six other songs here  that are just as good.
630463949X|5.0|Although this was the first DVD I heard -- therefore the WOW may be a bias -- this is a must own for anyone that simply appreciates great music performed well! Plus the added bonus of the sheer emotion of hearing  Lindsey Buckingham and Stevie Nicks sharing the same stage again is truly  breathtaking (Landslide and Silver Springs literally bring tears to the  eyes.) The musicianship and sound quality are also first rate...
B00002MZ4W|5.0|All combined in one artist.  Britney, Mariah, Christina, even Jewel, take note: you don't have to sound like a four-year-old girl to be a successful female vocalist.   Fiona's voice is deep and haunting, but not a monotone  -- check out the jazz stylings on &quot;Fast as you Can&quot; if you don't  believe me.  The lyrics are clever, world-weary, and wise, they seem  written by someone who's been around the world two or three times.  There  are no cheap romantic sentiments or mindless get-up-and-dance shout-outs.   Even the musical arrangements carry more weight than, say, your average  ex-Mouseketeer album.  There are no hollow spaces; piano, drum, and what  sounds like a large jazz combo fill in the blanks with twisting, sinuous  clouds of deeply textured music, with the occasional oboe and sitar thrown  in for good measure.  When The Pawn is a big album (from the title on), a  four-course dinner instead of a snack, but it will still leave you wanting  more.
B00000I07R|4.0|I'll be honest -- I think Bon Jovi is, for the most part, utterly cheesy and ridiculous.  This album, however, is filled with some of the greatest rock songs I heard out of the early nineties.  Although &quot;Bed Of  Roses&quot; and &quot;In These Arms&quot; had limited commerical/radio  success, they were overlooked during the grunge explosion and while other  styles of rock and roll developed in that era.  This is a shame, because  both songs are beautiful, and this album is terribly under-rated.   &quot;Dry County&quot; stands as the album's best song.  Richie Sambora,  whom I considered to be a mediocre guitarist on Bon Jovi's earlier works,  really cuts loose for one of the most compelling guitar solos I've ever  heard.  &quot;If I Was Your Mother&quot; is a brilliant pop-rock track, and  most of the songs on this album are definite keepers if you don't take it  all too seriously.
6301966562|5.0|great movie    made me laugh because the computer was funny    i saw this when i was young so i was more interested in the computer than the romance   but it is a great romantic movie and i want to see it again with my girl    can someone get me a copy of it?    c'mon!   ill be your friend     if you  havent seen this movie   watch it   you wont regret it       and if you do      thats really too bad    cuz youre a worthless piece of...    hehehe    sorry
6302110165|5.0|Robin Williams, Robert DeNiro, &amp; Julie Kavner star in this film based on the book (Go get that next...it is wonderful, also!).  Robin Williams is super as a doctor fighting the systems that exist in basic hospital  red-tape.  His character tries to show what is possible in health care if  ideas are just given a chance!  Please check this film and book out!
B00000K2SC|5.0|Siddharha on a hell-ride ... Zen cool ... The ONE, the ONLY story retold, in a visually stunning format. A hero-god in the act of becoming.  Complex dialog ... a web of synchronicity.  POWER flowing behind the placid facade  of semblance as implacable as fate. Hypnotic cinematography as allegorical  and referential as the dialog. Actors that hit the mark and the mood.   Impenetrable and transcendent slick-black-leather-Zen-calm&amp;cool at the  center of conflict and combat. A beautifully crafted gem of a movie.
B000023VTQ|5.0|I saw Notting Hill and instantly fell in love with it. I would recommend this film to anyone who wants a good laugh but also loves a sweet love story!   The setting of the movie provides an interesting back drop to a  timeless story of  mismatched lovers.
B00002MZ12|5.0|Just when I thought Alanis couldn't get any better, I received &quot;Unplugged&quot; for Christmas.  She proved, once again, why her chilling lyrics and sensational voice have sold millions of albums.  In  particular, these live versions of &quot;Uninvited&quot;, &quot;Joining  You&quot;, &quot;Head Over Feet&quot;, and the new &quot;No Pressure Over  Cappuccino&quot; are simply brilliant.  I highly recommend this CD to  anyone who even remotely enjoys Alanis' music.
B00000IQBM|5.0|The Shining is one of my favorite Kubrick films and probably one of my favorite films in general.  It's not jump-out-and-grab-you scary though, so don't expect it to make you scream and jump.  Kubrick takes his time and removes all the &quot;boos and gotchas&quot; to really concentrate on the  &quot;mental deterioration&quot; of Jack.  This is what makes the movie so  affecting.  It isn't merely a &quot;horror flick&quot; so much as a  meditation on evil and isolation.  Because the film seems to happen  so---quietly, i suppose, is the word, it all seems more believable, despite  the supernatural elements.  And horror movie images don't get much better  than those two little girls...
0790733226|4.0|I read the book when it first came out and loved it.  The movie was different, but fulfilling.  It is an excellent treatment of material that is hard to express as a movie the masses will want to see.  This is one of  the few science-based films made; most are science-fantasy or space-operas.  The DVD adds to the final product with audio commentaries and effects  explanations. Read the book, buy the DVD and share it all with friends.
B00000G3PA|3.0|The movie was ok but like John Myung Lee, I have the Toshiba 3109 and the entire oil rig scene was skipped. Is it the video or is it a compatibility problem?
0800136586|2.0|A terrific, outstanding cast couldn't save this one.  Rule #1 in transferring musical to screen--never, EVER tamper with the numbers.  For some reason, the musical was completely retooled for the film, with half of  its best numbers dropped.  If you've never heard or seen the original  musical production, this version has nothing to do with the actual broadway  show.  Consequently, it's way inferior.  What made the musical great was  that it wasn't just about &quot;Annie,&quot; but Christmas and the Great  Depression.  There's nothing about that in here, so the movie loses all the  poignancy of the original. <br />Rule #2--to make a successful show to screen  transfer, the numbers have to be shot in a fantasy style.  Sounds corny,  but I'm telling  you--it works (See the modern version of &quot;Pennies  From Heaven.&quot; As gritty as the storyline is, it works as a musical  precisely because the numbers are shot so unrealistically). When you shoot  a musical in a completely realistic style, no matter how good it is it will  never have the magical feel that makes musicals feel so special; the film  will just look like a regular movie with a bunch of dopes singing out of  context for no reason.  That's exactly what happens here. There's no magic  or charm in this &quot;Annie,&quot; although the cast had enough of it. Oh,  well--what a shame--this could have been better than it was.
B00001ZULV|5.0|Really...this is sort of a 'Cream of Clapton'....only it's Genesis.  And the word 'cream' doesn't fit anywhere, really- just used as a reference...all the songs on this cd are very good, and were hits in their  day, so if you don't have any Genesis album yet, go ahead and do yourself a  favor by purchasing this- and trust me-it's not one of those compilations  where they put all the 'good stuff' at the very beginning- ALL the songs on  here are on the range of well-known to 'They did THAT?  COOL!'.  So I give  it 5 stars
630018160X|3.0|Boy, what great songs and even musical sequences! But, yegads, is this a boring story! Prostitute with a heart of gold seeks Mr. Right in a city of  Mr. Wrongs (gee, I wonder what happens eventually; then when THAT happens,  I wonder what happens again--ZZZZZZZZ. As you can figure out, nothing all  that unpredictable). You'll enjoy the numbers, but be bored to tears by the  action. Rent it, then get the soundtrack or original broadway recording for  the great songs.
0553213105|4.0|This was a really good book, although there was some confusing description at some points.  It's about the daughters of the Bennet family, Elizabeth and Jane in particular.  The courtships of Elizabeth and Darcy and Jane and  Mr. Bingley are the focus of the novel.  Jane Austen does a good job of  describing the romances because the dialog for the most part is easy to  understand.
6302420326|4.0|I don't understand why people gave this movie such a hard time when it first came out.  Some people saw it as an awful piece of Stonian propaganda; I saw it as a film about a man's theories on the JFK  assassination and his quest for the truth--not necessarily, THE truth, but  Truth in general. (To you historians--lighten up! However, I will agree  with you about the &quot;enhanced&quot; Zabruder film --a complete and  total abominable fabrication.) Whether you disagree with me or not is  besides the point, however--politics aside, JFK is still a brilliantly  made, compelling and breathtaking film about a particular point in American  history (the mid-1960's) that's rarely been captured on film--of when  people started questioning those very institutions that up until then had  seemed rock solid. If you missed that, then I really feel sorry for you,  'cuz you missed a really great film.
B000002513|5.0|the wild, the innocent, and the e street shuffle is simply an amazing work...we open with the e street shuffle, which contains a melodic orgy of horns, with springsteen telling tales of the boardwalk and the jersey shore  in the summertime...the funky breaks and jazzy guitar work are not often  recognized, but show that springsteen is much more of a competent player  than most fans realize...next comes sandy, a tale of summer love told by a  whispering springsteen, accompanied by accordian, melodic guitars, and the  steady beat of mad dog lopez's keith moon-like drumming...kitty's back  shows that the &quot;boss&quot; can play ferocious lead guitar, and the  organ break in the middle, with the building of the band goes back to  springsteen's early days in jersey bands steel mill and the bruce  springsteen band...wild billy's circus story is a simplistic tale of the  big top, told wonderfully by springsteen with the accompaniement of a tuba  and accordian...the remaining 3 songs on the album are springsteen's sgt.  pepper, they all tie in together and are not complete without the  others...springsteen tells of spanish jonny and puerto rican jane in  incident on 57th street, and continues with rosalita, the showstopping  footapping rhapsody of guitar, sax, organ, and drums...but the highlight of  the album comes in the 7th and final track, new york city serenade...the  piano introduction, created by david sancious, is one of the most moving  pieces ever laid down on record...the complexity and jazziness of sancious'  keys are amazing, and are completed perfectly by springsteen's acoustic  guitar lead at the beginning of the song...nyc serenade is purely genius,  with a swell of lyrics, congas, acoustic guitar, piano, saxophone, and  springsteen's whispering voice telling of billy, diamond jackie, and jazz  men...by the end of the tune, you are left crying from its sheer  beauty...the wild, the innocent and the e street shuffle is the most  underated of all springsteen's albums, and the most genius of them  all...born to run, born in the usa, darkness, are all wonderful albums,  great works, but the wild and the innocent is springsteen's mona  lisa...this album should be studied along with pet sounds and sgt pepper,  and it is by far one of the best albums of the 1970's, if not one of the  best albums in rock and roll history.
6304500556|1.0|Wow--whatta bad movie! I know Rodriguez and Tarantino were intentionally trying to make a bad, campy movie, but I think they were a little bit too successful.  The Gecko Brothers are so despicable that you don't want to  get to know them, and Tarantino's such an incredibly annoying, yapping,  sadistic little twerp, you can't wait until his character dies (the  highlight of the movie--next to the the end credits!). Auf! Just plain  awful and tacky--rent the movie instead.
B000003N7G|5.0|I could never have expected such joy as I feel everytime I listen to this album.  Simply put, I have never encountered any jazz album which allowed its players such freedom, yet retained the central themes.  And above all  else, this music will make you feel good.
B00002MZ12|5.0|alanis is doing a really good job here.she's always trying to keep the audience awake!she just played really well all the instruments and the tracks chosen are pretty good! the 3 unrealesed songs are the most  beautiful of the cd and u don't feel annoyed when you're listenind to this  album coz everything is new and played differently! well it's just what u  need to be pleased!
B000000W5B|2.0|I CLEARLY REMEMBER WHEN THIS ALBUM WAS RELEASED,THE REVIEWS ALL SAID IT WAS A MAJOR LETDOWN FOR THE STONES,BUT LOOKING BACK,IT WAS THE LAST ALBUM THEY DID THAT HAD A  &quot;LAST GASP&quot; OF TALENT ON IT! IT GETS 2 STARS  FOR ANGIE, HEARTBREAKER, AND COMING DOWN AGAIN. EVERY ALBUM AFTER THIS  MAKES THIS LOOK SO-SO. THE LAST CUT,STAR STAR, RESORTS TO FOUR LETTER  EXPLETIVES, THIS SHOULD HAVE WARNED THE WORLD THAT THIS ALBUM WAS THERE  LAST GASP!
B00000G3Q4|5.0|this movie is amazing! I loved it the first time I saw it (several years ago)and am very proud to own the DVD. Any horror fan must add this to their collection. My only negative comment is that it isn't in Widescreen. It  always makes me wonder if I'm missing something that was &quot;cut&quot; to  make it fit my TV. Other than that, it was perfect. I already own Army Of  Darkness and am going to buy Evil Dead:2 very soon. Go buy this now!
B000000W5P|1.0|SHATTERED IS ONE OF THERE ALL TIME WORST,AND MISS YOU AND WHEN THE WHIP COMES DOWN GAVE ME HEARTBURN WHEN THEY CAME ON THE RADIO BACK IN 78! THERE WAS A TIME THESE GUYS PUT OUT SOME GOOD SONGS,AND EVEN SOME GREAT SONGS,  BUT IT WAS BACK WHEN ED SULLIVAN WAS ON T.V. EVERY SUNDAY NIGHT!
B00000G3Q4|5.0|this movie is amazing! I loved it the first time I saw it (several years ago)and am very proud to own the DVD. Any horror fan must add this to their collection. My only negative comment is that it isn't in Widescreen. It  always makes me wonder if I'm missing something that was &quot;cut&quot; to  make it fit my TV. Other than that, it was perfect. I already own Army Of  Darkness and am going to buy Evil Dead:2 very soon. Go buy this now!
B00001R3GC|4.0|YES THE SAME GROUP THAT HAS PUT OUT SO MUCH TRIPE IN THE PAST 25 YEARS ALSO HAD THERE SHINING MOMENTS, AND THIS IS ONE OF THEM. BROWN SUGAR,SWAY, DEAD FLOWERS,WILD HORSES,ITS ALL PRETTY GOOD. THERE IS ONE HORRIBLE MOMENT  CALLED  YOU GOTTA MOVE, WHY THIS WAS EVER INCLUDED OR EVEN RECORDED FOR  THAT MATTER, IS A MYSTERY TO ME.OVERALL,HOWEVER,AS A WHOLE,THIS IS WORTH  OWNING.
6303674984|5.0|I usually have little good to say about Ted Turner, but I will always have a soft spot for him because of his production of &quot;Gettysburg.&quot;  It portrays the charactors in a way that makes them real.  Children do not  study history today, and Gettysburg brings to life a part of our history  that few of them understand.  The charactors are done so well that most  children who see the film care about them,and lean more about the Civil War  period.  This particular set has several additional scenes that add to the  movie.
0679450254|4.0|Jon Krakauer could not resist this story. As a seasoned adventurer (who has, among other feats, scaled Everest) with a journalist's instinct, Krakauer learns what little there is to know about a man in his early  twenties who spent the last two years of his life wandering the United  States and staying almost completely out of touch.<br />Krakauer takes his  time describing the adventures of Chris McAndless, aka Supertramp,  interspersing his own experiences in chasing that thing that some of us  cannot resist, that thing that makes some people challenge all practical  limits.<br />McAndless chose one of the most romantic of all fantasies,  roughing an Alaska winter. Krakauer describes, in fascinating detail, how  McAndless found himself lodging in an abandoned bus in Denali National  Park; how McAndless used his knowledge and experience to survive difficult  feeding conditions; how McAndless forayed deeper into the wild, extending  his adventure to stare into the face of death every day and survive.<br />And  survive McAndless did. When spring came he was still in good condition and  good spirits. However, he had made one fatal miscalculation: What are  streams in winter are raging torrents in spring. McAndless' final weeks are  a study in frustration.<br />Krakauer wrote this book in large part to refute  some loud critics who assailed McAndless as an &quot;amateur.&quot; While  acknowleding this, Krakauer also patiently defends McAndless' behavior and  decision making. One can say he fell in love with his subject, as a father  might a son. One can say that Krakauer saw a lot of himself in Chris  McAndless, an adventurer who paid the ultimate price.
B00000099Y|5.0|aenema by tool is a brillant album that breaks the standart boring metal album stigma. each song takes u on a rollercoaster of emtions. MJK (the vocals behind tool) has a wide range of vocal abilties, each of them can be  heard and cried for in the moon. Adam Jones has a speical view over the  world and writes it in the most touching way. in the album there are a few  songs that stand out - stinkfist landscapes synth-guitar strumed riffs with  a melloncolic text, 46&amp;2 reveals excellant guitar solos and amzing  vocals again, and my fave jimmy - ever so sad.<br />if u want good music don't  listen to tool. if u want a perfect theme for a moody amrmagedon own it!
630398021X|5.0|Strange Days is a movie upon first veiwing did almost nothing for me ...now 3 or 4 veiwings later i really like this film A LOT ! It is sort of SCIFI sort of romance sort of detective sort of mystery . It is a rare (i guess if we must label it be it SCIFI) that uses FX not to blow us away  just for the sake of using FX but the FX works around the movie plot not  the movie working around the FX as so many movies do ( i am sure we can all  think of a ton of bad SCIFI where the movie is one long flashy FX shot with  little or no acting and story line ! Anyway i love the plot and the SQUID  memory/emotion recorder was very unique (of course SONY should be given  credit here for the use of there creation MiniDisc as used as the software  device used to store the &quot;drug&quot; . I love the DVD of it (only  complaint no 16x9e) ... And it could have contained  all the extras that the LD had ! But for a non 16x9 transfer it is very  sweet, clean video even in the darkest scenes it is solid and the audio  ... the Dolby 5.1 mix is something very unique and has not been done  before or since then (if you havent seen the movie check out the P.O.V.  scenes and you will soon find out what i am talking about ! Ok one more  wish how about a re-release on DVD with a 6 channel DTS soundtrack (i am  wishing for too much here ! Enjoy the show !
B00000J2KV|5.0|The film sparkles no matter what anyone says about it.  Kubrick truly makes it his own as he does in his other works - the characters, typically males, disregard the accepted social morals and mores and are thus,  subjected to ridicule and cruelty -- typically at the hands of the female  characters.  Nabokov or not, Lolita is Kubrick's film -- there are no  problems with the video transfer...<br />The film is enjoyable nonetheless;  Mason is superb, Lyon is sexy, Sellers is mad and Winters is wonderful...
B00000J7J4|4.0|Rap (Track #6 - Do You Like the Way) does not belong on an album of this calibre.  I was surprised that Carlos Santana would add this type of music and try to &quot;mainstream&quot; his work.<br />I've been a long time fan of  his and throughly enjoyed his other compliation works with other  performers, but maybe I'm just getting old, but rap is definately not  called for here.
B00000342V|5.0|Simply put: one of the greatest funk albums ever recorded. I first heard the pulsating bass line of &quot;Freddie's Dead&quot; while riding in my parents car in the 8th grade, and I was just gone on the song. Mayfield's  sweet melodies, one-of-a-kind voice, and dead on social commentary make it  a timeless disc.  Maybe even improved over the years. Has to be in any  serious collection.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|Buy this DVD regardless of whether you like cool extra features that DVD's have or you're a Ghostbusters fan who knows every line by heart. You won't be disappointed.  A must.  Go buy it now.
6300214753|5.0|How can people not say that this movie loses some of the humor in the 90s?   I'm 15 and I first saw this movie about a year ago and I thought it was the funniest movie I ever saw.  I love Ferris's opening monologue about  how he faked out his parents, the evil Principal Rooney, Cameron and his  car, and the whole day out in Chicago.  Priceless!  The film is a favorite  among my friends and it's lines are always quoted in conversation.  This  movie loses nothing in the 90s and will never lose anything because people  can and will always relate with the themes about high school and just life  in general.  Ferris Beuler's Day Off is one of the best movies out there.
B000026HWR|5.0|If you like Terry Callier (TC), then this is a &quot;must have&quot; CD. I have the original LP (released in the 1970's) and I've waited a long time hoping it would become available on CD. This CD exemplifies what the 1970's  and folk/soul/R&amp;B music were during that period. It also demonstrates  the many talents of TC. From his acoustical guitar playing to his thought  provoking lyrics. One of the true \\"great\\" singers/songwriters (along with  Curtis Mayfield) of our time. Now waiting for the re-release of \\"Fire On  Ice\\".
0871137380|5.0|Contrary to pro - 10th Mountain reviews, I see the book as excellant and factual account of what happened. It is about real american men, who believed in a cause, and fought with courage and fortitude. The book is NOT  about the 10th Mountain storming through the city, with a convoy three  miles long, saving the Rangers. The roots of the book surrounds a highly  trained light infantry unit being ambushed over the course of the night.  Kudo's to the 10th, but the real story is what happened to the Rangers  &amp; Delta.
6305558167|4.0|The film is magnificent.  By far the best telling of the classical tales of King Arthurs' knights.  If you loved the visuals on VHS version, you will be blown away by the DVD version.  The colours are clear and pure and  the 5.1 sound track is not to bad, although it could have been  better.<br />Even if you already own a VHS copy, a DVD copy is well worth it.
0780628551|4.0|While many critics had utter distaste for &quot;The Astronaut's Wife,&quot; I happened to enjoy this horror/sci-fi film very much.  It's a lot of fun, and it has eerie cinematography that really draws the viewer  into the film.  But the real thing that makes this not-so-original flick  worth while to watch is the superb acting from Johnny Depp (&quot;Sleepy  Hollow,&quot; &quot;Edward Scissor Hands&quot;) and the stunning,  absolutely magnificent Charlize Theron (&quot;Devil's Advocate,&quot;  &quot;2 Days in the Valley&quot;).  Both these actors are very talented and  perhaps at the top of their generation.  Joe Morton (veteran co-star of  &quot;Terminator 2: Judgment Day&quot; and &quot;Speed&quot;) also has a  small role here, which makes it all the better.  <br />The film is about an  astronaut's wife (Theron) who finds out that her husband (Depp) has come  back from space and has been posessed by some alien force.  He now has  plans on Earth for world domination after he impregnates his wife with his  alien children.  This is where Morton comes in as he desperately tries to  tell the astronaut's wife what is happening.  The story moves along at a  brisk, yet somewhat predictable pace, and it's really only the ending that  proves to have any jolt of suspense and breathless unpredictability.   Overall, if you enjoy this type of genre, &quot;The Astronaut's Wife&quot;  is well worth your time and money to see.
0446525537|5.0|This is one of the best books I have read!  It's nice to see someone write about a young woman who is not considered beautiful by society's standard but beautiful because of her heart, love of life and compassion.  This is a  true love story that has many lessons and teaches us about the beauty of  love and how special it is.  I couldn't put it down and I cried like a  baby.
B00000K0DT|5.0|It is hard to know where to start when singing the praises of this outstanding film. The great things about this film start with the cast's outstanding work onscreen right down to the settings they worked in.   Christopher MacQuarry shows his true talent for writing and Bryan Singer,  his wonderful way of making a story come to life and give you chills from  the minute the movie starts. I was one of the few that couldn';t figure out  who Keyser Soze was until it was revealed at the end. The twists and turns  in the story are truely extraordinary. Watch this movie once, and you'll be  wanting to see it again and again. A truely brilliant film!
6305627347|5.0|Great! A humourous political story which is also a musical with hilarious songs. This movie dares to go where the show couldn't go and even though it may offend some it is one of the best animated films ever.
0783226063|5.0|Dune blends many worlds into one unique story. Dune is a story of love, hate, revenge, and so many more aspects of humanity. The cast, including Kyle MacLachlan as Paul Atreides and Sting as Feyd Rautha, does an exquisit  job. The views of the barren planet of Arrakis are positively breathtaking.  Some of the special effects might be seen as old fashioned, but all in all,  an outstanding film that has stood the test of time. This is an absolute  must-have for any true sci-fi collector.
0783228317|5.0|The effects are good the story is interresting and I was glued to my seat an excellent film about Las Vegas and substance abuse in the 70's. If you really like 70's flashbacks then this movie is definetly for you.
B000002KKS|5.0|Most Sabbath fans regard the Ozzy Osbourne period as the one with the defining lineup.  In many respects this is true.  Early Sabbath (with Ozzy) have been highly influential in shaping today's metal scene.  And although  their albums are mostly hit-and-miss affairs (Paranoid perhaps the  exceptional exception), all of them contain at least a couple of all-time  classic tracks.<br />So in 1979-1980, Ronnie James Dio comes to take over the  vocal duties for Sabbath.  Dio was already well established as a vocalist  for Rainbow, so it seems a risky career move to take over and replace a  legend in Ozzy.<br />I have to be honest, Heaven and Hell was the very first  Sabbath album I owned, when it was released in 1980.  So perhaps because of  that reason it has remained my favorite.  Only later did I complete my  Sabbath collection.  WHat strikes me the most is the huge effect that Dio  had in shaping not only Sabbath's lyrics, but musical vision as well.  The  lyrics evoke fantastic images of distant places and strange figures, and  the music echoes those feelings.  In my opinion, Toni Iommi has never  unleashed better solos before or since this album.  Both _Heaven and Hell_  and _Lonely Is The Word_, which closed each side on the record, end in  long, melodic solos that always bring goosebumps to me.  Neon Knights has  been covered by many modern metal bands, Lady Evil and Wishing Well are  great crunching metal tracks.  Children Of The Sea and Die Young are very  atmospheric and evocative.  And Walk Away, well, they probably could have  done without.<br />Definitely not Ozzy-era Sabbath, but superb nonetheless.
6305428220|1.0|I might have liked this better had I been twenty-five years younger, but it didn't do anything for me at this point in my life except steal two hours. It wasn't scary, the characters weren't interesting, and it wasn't  original. Alien and Invaders of the Body Snatchers (any version) beat this  bore all to hell.
B000005J56|5.0|I came to this page today to buy my 3rd copy of this CD, and I would like to say a few words to those who pick on Ry Cooder for taking such an active musical role in this project.  Last week I also bought a CD by Ibrahim  Ferrer, and while attractive, it does not come anywhere near Buena Vista  Social Club.  Cooder was the one who pulled off the entire project -  without him Ferrer would still be shining shoes for a living in Cuba.   Great artist he is - but Cooder is an even greater director.
0553269631|4.0|Carson McCullers paints a wonderful picture of life in a southern town in 1939. The novel is filled with thought provoking images about lonliness, slavery, and hopelessness. But in the end, if you're willing to spend time  thinking about the writing, you will enjoy the book.<br />The book is dripping  with descriptive prose (I didn't think there were so many ways to describe  the sunrise or sunset)and the action moves very slow. Many people who  prefer the current-day dramatic novel with it's fast paced action and heavy  reliance on dialog may not find this book to be their cup of tea. But, in  my opinion, it's worth reading this book if only to understand the world of  1940 when she wrote it.<br />Afterall, reading is not about what the author is  doing with her right hand but what she is subtly doing with her left.
B000004286|5.0|This soundtrack successfully captures the beauty and romance of the film. Listening to it you can see the film like it's playing in your mind. <br />While some call it bland, if you loved the movie you will also love the  soundtrack. It fully captures the emotion of the film and brings it out  through the repeating theme. <br />The soundtrack enraptures a mind so much  that it's difficult to do anything but listen while the music is on.  <br />This album is a &quot;must-have&quot; for all who enjoyed the movie and  believe in the spirit of the Scottish!
B00000JZC4|5.0|I've been a Filter fan ever since &quot;Short Bus&quot; and I have been waiting for a new album for ages.  At first I was a little disappointed by &quot;Title of Record&quot; because it didn't sound a lot like the first  album, but after listening to it over and over again, I was hooked.  The  best thing about Filter is their ability to start a song out slow or go  through a slow part in a song and then just explode.  This album is  definitely the best that I have bought in 1999.  It may not be a NIN  facsimile like the first, but it definitely possesses more creativity and  variety.
0451169514|5.0|Great Book!  This was a chilling and scary tale.  It's great to read at night, but I was unable to put it down.  I almost couldnt get to sleep, and when I did, I had nightmares.  Just a great book.  I love it!
B00000K19E|5.0|If you haven't seen The Matrix, buy the DVD right now! The scenes are excellent, as are the picture and sound. This is a quality flick. Really, there is only one drawback; the case. Most DVD's have a solid plastic case,  but not this one. It has a cheap paper one, with a plastic clip. But, no  reason to not buy this movie, just something for the companies to think  about. If you want to test the abillity of your sound system, or your HDTV,  this is the movie to do it.
B000002TQV|5.0|There are very few bands that cause me to become passionate.  U2 did it with BOY (and October and War...Things started going wrong about there!) Radiohead did it initailly with OK Computer although ironically it was  Street Spirit playing on MTV that first got my interest up (Neat Video).   Originally the album cover put me off, pathetic excuse for saving money I  know but OK C really got me started and the Bends now rates BEYOND OK in  preference.  There is something timeless in this album.  Not some of the  &quot;hits&quot; (That's a matter of perception) of OK but some more  consistant passion, less ecclectic, more pure R&amp;R.  That's all.  Just a  truly great album I will still have in 20 years.  Thank you Lord for the  long life of CD's!
0385484518|5.0|I had heard good things about this book before getting it as a gift for Christmas. I read it in one day. I learned a lot about myself and my spirituality. I got a glimpse into what life OUGHT to be about, instead of  what we, as a society, think life is about. I will prioritize more  appropriately in the future.
0060174900|2.0|Considering its publication date, The Bell Jar's autobiographical tale of Sylvia Plath's descent into depression and insanity is an important book. However, the insinuations contained in it are disturbing.  The Bell Jar  seems to villify men in general for their lack of understanding.  Rather  than acknowledge that some people in general are distant, Plath turns men  into whipping posts. It should be obvious to the unbiased reader, however,  that Plath was just plain old insane. This reviewer feels bad for Ted  Hughes, Plath's husband who has been blamed by two generations of literary  feminists for Plath's suicide.  Reading The Bell Jar should exonerate  Hughes-- his wife was, unfortunately, mentally ill independent of his  actions.  Sylvia Plath should have taken responsibility for her own actions  and her own condition.
0783229887|2.0|Chucky's old flame steals the doll, revives him, and is only appropriately turned into a doll herself when she doublecrosses him. The two then hitch a ride with a young couple to New Jersey to get an amulet that will enable  them to switch bodies with them. Hands down, the best sequel which mixes  gore and some great laughs. The better jokes involve a certain infamous  homemaker with her own television show. But despite these plusses, the  whole thing falls apart near the end when Tilly gets roasted which effects  her performance, though she does deliver all the good lines.
B000031XCR|5.0|This CD saved me having to make a mix tape of Celine's best. Normally, this isn't my kind of music, but someone bought me &quot;Falling into You&quot; two Xmases ago (it's all your fault, Sarah :&gt;), and I have  been hooked ever since. If you don't own any Celine CDs, this is a great  place to start.
630451087X|3.0|What starts out as a jazz musician and his wife being sent perverted video copies of them and their house turns into husband murders wife and is sent to prison but transforms into an auto mechanic. The story then follows the  auto mechanic as he falls for gangster's girlfriend and they struggle to  get away from him when he finds out. Manages to shock and entertain  throughout most of the movie without too many difficulties but falls  completely apart from the murdering/robbing Andy scene to the end. Given  imperfections, this movie is still spellbinding.
0679746048|5.0|Reading this book was the most pleasurable experience for me - I could NOT put it down and it was easily the best piece of work i have ever read.  Susanna Kaysen's direct approach to writing is undeniably fascinating and i  was glued to each page.  It was laugh-out-loud funny and it romances the  craziness in all of us.
6305426651|4.0|this movie is divided into two parts. the first part is your usual romantic-comedy fare between an Italian jew (benigni) and braschi, a christian. the second (and more interesting) part is about how they lived  their lives in a concentration camp. this is one heartwarming story,  beatifully directed by benigni. and the script was so balanced.mixing  comedy and the holocaust is`a serious thing! but he weaves his tale with a  careful hand, not making too much commentary on the subject. i should've  given this film 5 stars if not for one complaint. i grew up on tarantino  and kevin smith humor, and i don't really find benigni's chaplin-esque  antics very funny. well, i guess it's just me...
B00003000M|4.0|I want to start off saying that this cd is a beautiful blend of reggae and hiphop.  I am a devoted fan of Roots Reggae and Jah Prophet Bob Marley.  In a purely musical sense, the cd was superb.  The beats and vocals do not try  to overwhelm Bob Marley's true spirit, and it is a great tool for bringing  His music to America.  However, I was a bit surprised at Stephen Marley's  choice of artists.  Many of them represent of the black man exactly what  Marley was fighting against:  disrespect, irresponsibility, absence of  pride, and immorality.  Example:  Krayzie Bone, a gangsta rapper in every  sense of the word.  In all of his other songs he preaches violence,  disrespect, and immorality.  He obviously has no pride for his people.  The  same goes for Busta Ryhmes, Rakim, etc.  On the other hand, bravo for his  choices of Lauryn Hill and The Roots, who really strive for self-pride of  the African Nation.  In other words, the music was great and the lyrics  beautiful, but if (hopefully) there is another cd, Stephen will choose  better role-models for the Afro community.  Great tracks include:  Johnny  Was, Concrete Jungle, Turn Your Lights Down Low, Kinky Reggae, Burnin' and  Lootin'.
0152465030|5.0|Life's secrets are revealed to us by this book.  Each time you read it, you will find yourself wonder how come last time you didn't see this new secret.  But then of course, just as the little prince learned from the  fox, &quot;what is essential is invisible to the eye.&quot;  So if you want  to learn the secrets, you have to learn it from your heart and that, is  harder than seeing the shell with your eyes.<br />What I find most helpful to  me as a psychotherapist is the friendship between the fox and the little  prince.  I highly recommend this book to people in the mental health  profession, among all others.  &quot;To tame is to establish ties,&quot;  and that teaches us one more thing about the therapeutic relationship.
0812550706|5.0|What can I say?  Ender's Game is truly a masterpiece.  Card is truly at his best here.  It is the best book I have ever read.
0062502182|4.0|It's a great book but I can see three problems here.  <br />First, Santiago simply changed his mind about meeting the merchant's daughter; second, it never even occurred to him that he could take his journey with Fatima as a  shared partnership instead of behaving like an old-time conqueror, like he  did; third, much to my dismay, he actually found physical treasure instead  of a true spiritual lesson, even though along the way, he learned true  lessons.
0812550706|5.0|What can I say?  Ender's Game is truly a masterpiece.  Card is truly at his best here.  It is the best book I have ever read.
B000009HPP|4.0|Love Jeff Buckley, like everyone else reading this. But would someone please post what tracks are on this import verses the other three Sketches imports that also have other tracks? are they all different? What gives?  Why doesn't Amazon.com just include a song list?
6304383827|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies, mainly because I feel it remains true to the intentions of the book, if not necessarily to the letter.  For myself, I much prefer this type of adaptation to the dry 12-part BBC  versions that include every scene from the book, but in the process often  (although not always) lose the true spirit of the original.  Certainly, I  think the characters are well-played here -- Jeremy Northam is a very  convincing Mr. Knightly, and Gwyneth Paltrow really captures the spirit of  Emma.  She _is_ spoiled, but she also has good intentions and a good heart  which is what makes her so appealing.
B000002C1X|3.0|The Wall is really an overatted album. For a criminally breif sumary: Dark Side of the Moon and Wish You Were Here are the true timeless, unforgettable classics of Pink Floyd's cataloge that must be owned by  anyone who wants to understand rock music. Relics and Meddle are the  extremely artistic, experiemntal avante garde fan favorites. The Wall is in  the bottom half of Pink Floyd's list of works, for me at least. The Wall is  where Roger Waters virtually assumes control of the group and the lack of  sureal and interesting music from the rest of the band really brings this  album down a few notches on the quality belt. It's not a bad album at all  or basically a Waters solo album with Pink Floyd written on the cover.  Listen to The Final Cut for that. David Gilmour plays downbeaten acoustics  (Hey You) and roaring electrics (Young Lust) with considerable ease.  Confortably Numb is one of the greatest guitar solos I have ever heard.  Powerful enough to stop a train! Waters may have had the brains for the  psychodramamic operation, but Gilmour had the brawn. During songs like  Confortably Numb and The Happiest Days Of Our Lives he gets much noticed  musical assistance from drummer, Nick Mason. As far as Waters, the album's  lyricist and main singer: Every changing emotion on The Wall is very  well-displayed. Every feeling of alienation and cruelty bleeds threw the  stereo without help from the movie or stage show as impressive as they both  are. His singing needs a little work though. Mostly he's good to go but in  some songs like Don't Leave Me Now or Nobody Home his reach is further than  his grasp. Also the story aspect isn't as impressive as most say. I know I  will get considerable disagreement with this but I don't think the story  made much of a statement other than My life sucks. The songs that worked  well as singles like Mother and Another Brick in the Wall Part 2 showed  some inspiration but I was dispointed by the end. What the rock star just  goes nutsand starts beating people? The fact that it is a rock opera with  a specific story and not a theme album leaves less open to interpretation  than Animals or Dark Side of the Moon, but still there is enough left open  to interpretation that each listener can get their own ideas about it. You  are free to yours. But, as someone who has examined The Wall's aspect as a  story, my suggestion to Roger Waters is rewrite everything after  Confortably Numb to give the story more of a point.
B00000JZIK|5.0|Definitely one of those films that is better on re-viewing (I fell asleep the first time I watched it!), the film both pays homage to and debunks many classic noir themes/motifs, from the threatening and oppressive  city-scapes to the over-riding sense of doom, and the by now famous  &quot;double-cross&quot; at the end.  People either love or hate this  movie, and I suspect the latter are types who insist that reality is  reality and, in Matrix lingo (another great neo noir!) there IS a spoon!
B000000H48|5.0|Picking up the thread where Them left off, Conspiracy is an amazing blend of excellent music and King's unique styling.
B000031WD9|5.0|This movie is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen.  It is well woth buying.  I think that it is awesome that they did not try to hide teen sexuality from the world.  It was a great representation of how teenagers  minds really work.  I think this movie is awesome, on of the best movies  out there to buy.  Buy it, it is worth it!
B0000399WI|5.0|If you do not have this movie in your collection, please don't be thwarted from purchasing it just because the DVD doesn't have a lot of flashy extras.  Although I understand the frustrations of misrepresentation, it  would be its own misrepresentation to tell people not to buy this movie  simply because an actor/director doesn't explain each outake step-by-step  or provide interactive trailer recommendations (aka commercials).  This  movie doesn't need a behind the scenes epilogue, you'll be able to get the  clear and beautiful message that was intended just from watching the movie.   This movie tugs at your very soul -- the stark prison setting only  dramatizes the real message of the movie: faith, friendship, and to decide  whether to 'get busy living or get busy dying'.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|THIS IS A GREAT CD. SONG #1 (AFFIRMATION) IS A GREAT SONG!  IT DESCRIBES LIFE WELL AND THE THINGS THAT I BELIEVE IN. THEY HAVE GREAT VOICES AND IF THEY MAKE A THIRD CD I WILL GET IT!
0792839676|5.0|This was Stephen King's first novel and the first book of his that they ever made into a movie. After 25 years I still consider it one of his best, and it's my personnal favorite, and to think that when he was writing it he  had thrown it in the trash because he thought it was no good. Thank God his  wife Tabitha dug it out of the trash and after reading it and liking it  made him finish it and send it to the publisher. If you are a Stephen King  fan and haven't seen Carrie yet run out and get it. You won't be  disappointed.
B000021Y74|5.0|&quot;Run Lola Run&quot; is fast-paced, suspenseful, and exciting.  I went to my local indie theater to see it because I wanted to see how much my German improved, not expecting I'd be absolutely blown away by a fabulous  film.  Even the two friends I dragged along to the theater (who don't speak  German) loved it.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This album is a fabulous continuation of their first album. I absolutely adore these guys. They never cease to amaze me with their efforts. My absolute favorite track on this CD is &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot;. But,  all tracks are fantastic. Personally, I purchased this CD just because it  was &quot;Savage Garden&quot;, without ever hearing a single track. I've  almost warped the original release by these guys because it's so good. On  my way to doing the same with &quot;Affirmation&quot;! A must have!
B0000399WC|5.0|I had seen this movie once on a black/white TV when I was young with my dad. As I remember, I was shocked and thought provoked by this movie at that time. With this memory, I just watched it again in almost 25 years now  in color and even on DVD. Again with my dad, trying to recollect the old  experience.<br />Wow... The transfer to DVD was more than great. I thought the  quality is even better than The Matrix. Thank you WB for the sincere  efforts. I and my 71 year old dad really had sweet hours with this movie on  DVD, which also has good extras. I think this movie is a forever classic  and the DVD is Da Bomb. If you think you're a movie lover, this is  definietly worth getting without hesitation. Good price also.
0792151712|3.0|1st time you see it: Whoa! <br />2nd time: What's the point?<br />Buy it on video only if you must.
B00000K31Q|4.0|This is a very entertaining and funny movie - fairly well crafted and had good chemistry between the cast.  But WHY oh WHY do they make Heath use such a fake australian accent?
6302420326|4.0|A highly charged, in-your-face look at the aftermath of John F. Kennedy's assassination. Costner is nothing short of superb as Jim Garrison, the ruthless district attorney. All the other cast members are equally  brilliant in this fact-based (if not a little too fact-based) powerhouse.
B000023VTQ|5.0|Forget Gere, Tie Up With Hugh Grant Again.<br />I really enjoyed the chemistry between Julia Roberts and Gere in Pretty Woman but it does not come close to the chemistry between Roberts and Grant.  This is a great  movie.  I am embarrassed to tell you how many times I have seen it.  I  would like to see Roberts and Grant together again.  I bought the DVD  Special Edition just so I could watch it whenever I need to.
B000001E18|1.0|Diehard fans may out of blind loyalty plead for others to accept this album as a natural evolution of the band's sound and a sign of maturation. I say, forget that. My appreciation of music is limited to that which  sounds pleasing to my ear; I don't feel an inherent need to add money to a  supergroup's coffers, just because they've decided to get experimental on  me. U2 created catchy and beautiful music with Joshua Tree and Achtung  Baby. Zooropa is trash. Hence, in the winter of 1993, my roommate and I  flung it from our apartment window...good riddance. Who cares if they  wanted to make a statement about consumerism; make a statement yourself  about consumerism by not buying this garbage.
B00000JGOH|5.0|This movie is excellent, very passionate and loving, focusing on Shakespeare's rise to fame and a little too passionate love for a girl who loves the theater and poetry.
B00000K2SE|5.0|MY FAMILY ENJOYED THIS MOVIE. THERE ARE MOVIES THAT I WILL WATCH OVER AND OVER AGAIN THIS MOVIE I WILL. NOW, WHEN WILL MATRIX II BE OUT?
6301942647|5.0|Akira Kurosawa's Dreams, a title I take literally, is the best way to remember the visual and narrative genius that was Kurosawa.  Each of the eight vignettes manages a narrative coherency as well as a definite  aesthetic.  It's not hard to see Kurosawa's past as a painter here, through  the vibrant and dramatic imagery.  It is powerful, beautiful, and poignant  on a theological and social level, without being esoteric and high minded.   Everyone should take the time to see this, and rejoice that it's been  re-released at last.
B0000025HU|5.0|Read the other reviews for details.  But first, consider this: Rolling Stone gave London Calling the album of the Eighties--even though it was released in 1979.  Though I love The Pistols, Zeppelin, The Beatles, and  Elvis, this album beats any of theirs.  My first copy was on vinyl--a  double album set with every cut a classic.  This will be the album of the  century!
0446525537|1.0|been good. Instead it was a big disappointment.  I cried til my eyes swelled after reading Notebook and Message...not a single tear was shed for this one.  It's a sad story but it just didn't do it for me.  I agree with  the readers who said it's good for a teenager, not for a mature reader.   Everything was so one-dimensional, there was nothing there. Maybe if Jamie  and Landon's relationship developed faster we would've been more drawn in  but in the end it was sad but I didn't really care.
6305627401|5.0|i couldn't enjoy it much in the theater because people would not stop laughing. i enjoyed it more at home then there. As to the movie, i guess you could call it a obsene political comedy. they cramed there best  material into this movie.
B000005IRG|5.0|I purchased this album on the recommendation of some friends of mine, and also because I already had Blank Generation, and knew that Richard Hell was a former member of Television. When I first played it, I was underwhelmed.  I could catch hooks, and liked it, but calling it the greatest album of all  time?  At any rate, I liked it enough to keep listening. Which I did. And,  while the normal good album lasts a week or so with me, and most albums  only a few days, this one was played for a month, as my primary choice when  I wanted music. The reason is simple. With suberb rhythm guitar, Television  manages to play emotion into their songs. Elevation, my personal favorite  track, channels remarkably the desperate hope that springs forth from  depression. Torn Curtain supplies the opposite, despair, in its slow, sad  chords. And this is not to say that this album doesn't roll to go with the  rock, either. See No Evil and Friction turn up the tempo.  The most common  complaint with the album is Verlaine's voice. I have no problem with it, if  I want great vocals, I'll listen to Celine Dion or Michael Bolton. And his  vocals seem to match the music just fine.  Bottom line: If you like your  music powerful and intelligent, get this album.
B0000026NC|5.0|This album is (in one word) great. Although you can hear that they did some overdubs, the livefeel is teriffic. The best song on this album is Comfortably Numb. Sit back and let David Gilmours guitar'story' at the end  sink in......
1573226521|5.0|the beach was the best book i've read in a long time. i hope the film is just as good (doubt it will be though). i would definately recommend it.
B00000K19E|4.0|&quot;The Matrix&quot; brings new meaning to the word &quot;creative&quot;.  Although, confusing at first, &quot;The Matrix&quot; shows a very different perspective on the way the world works.  You may  have to watch it a couple of times though, to really understand  everything.<br />The special effects in the movie are incredible.  Because of  the situation the movie takes place in, the makers could go to the extreme  with special effects, and they did, and they did a great job.<br />The sound  is also of high quality, featuring top bands such as &quot;Rage Against  Machine&quot; and &quot;Ramstien&quot;, which really get the veiwer's heart  pumping and make the action even better.<br />All around, &quot;The  Matrix&quot; is a very good movie, well worth watching, although you may  have to watch it a couple of times to fully understand it.
B00000348D|5.0|This is one of the most awesome jazz albums that I own.  The two different quartets that back Ornette Coleman give this album an awesome, raw feel.  The solos from Ornette's saxaphone are crazy, but terrfic at the same time.   This is impromptu, free jazz at its best.  Fans of the free jazz style  must buy this album.
B00000IREA|4.0|Okay, so these days Jane Fonda is weird, which is entirely understandable given that she is married to Ted Turner, who can often be found snoozing during Braves games, wearing a cap 3 sizes too big for his head.  But in  &quot;Barbarella,&quot; Jane Fonda is unbelievably hot, to the point where  I questioned whether this movie was real or a mere figment of my  fantastical imaginations.  Well, it's real, people, and you need to see it.   Not only is Jane utterly flawless (which can be easily seen by comparing  her to today's &quot;hot&quot; stars like Britney Speers, Jennifer Love  Hewitt, and Denise Richards), she also invites every male character in the  film to basically have his way with her.  Um, waiter, check please? But  seriously, we cannot be supporting this type of wanton behavior (primarily  for the reason that the women who act this way in the real world look more  like George Forman than Jane Fonda), so this type of vision is best left to  the campy comedy known as &quot;Barbarella.&quot; I am 21, mind you, so I  am not biased towards the 60's, but I am telling you not to miss out on the  world's perfect female--watch it.
6303148352|5.0|ok folks this is the most outstanding mind blowing movie ever created! the cinemetography is beautiful...the story is a winner ..the acting marvelous!i saw it when it came out in the theatre and it immediately  became my favorite movie! i have never been so captivated be4....wassup  with everyone talkin bout the character development for?good grief do they  want sam neill running around blowing up the dinos like rambo or something  ...heck no these are normal people like us brought in on something  magnificent.sam neill,my fav.actor is excellent as grant ..so is goldblum  and attenborough..the film is flawless and the dinos are too real!the lost  world wasnt half as good as this masterpiece..part 3 will hopefully bring  neill and dern back..speiberg has created the most spellbinding film  ever....even though the dinos are not in every scene the film still is  completely involving..the actors act terrific!im one of jp's biggest fans  if not the biggest .i have the original poster above my bed also..the film  is just as exciting as it was 6 years ago in theatres..i actually cried at  the end because the film was soo beautiful...john williams's score is  breathtaking...i bought the sdtrk. which is awesome! i cant wait till jp3  comes out i hope its better than 2. this film will never be surpassed! the  greatest!
B000031XCR|4.0|I personally believe that Mrs. Dion is a very talented singer. She can sing anything she wants. Her voice is like a finely tuned instrument. That's why I enjoy her singing so much. And especially this CD. The first  nine songs are previous hits she has done, and the last seven are her  newest songs. My favorite song is &quot;That's the Way It Is.&quot; If  you're a fan of Celine, I highly suggest this CD. I bought it from a store,  only to find out Amazon.com has a cheaper price, so I suggest getting it  from here.
6300271145|5.0|With an all-star cast like Dexter Gordon and Herbie Hancock, along with many of their jazz colleagues, this movie is a realistic look at what many jazz musicians have had to go through.  Countless musicians, like  &quot;Dale Turner&quot; (Dexter Gordon) have had to deal with drugs,  alcohol, discrimination and other problems.  What makes this movie even  better is the fact that real musicians are playing instead of just faking  their instruments like in so many other movies.  Herbie Hancock wrote an  excellent score, and even stuck in his own &quot;Watermelon Man&quot; as  background music in a bar scene.  Other jazz greats like Wayne Shorter,  Tony Williams, Ron Carter, etc. make cameos in the film.  Dexter Gordon is  excellent as the lead character.  Highly recommended for any jazz fan who  wants to see a movie with real musicians playing their instruments, and a  lot of good music.  &quot;Syrupy jazz ballads&quot; they may be, but I  somehow don't think &quot;Cherokee&quot; or &quot;Ornithology&quot; would  be appropriate here.  A mellow film, mellow music, and loud and clear  message that promotes respect for jazz and its many enduring musicians.
B00000K19E|4.0|&quot;The Matrix&quot; brings new meaning to the word &quot;creative&quot;.  Although, confusing at first, &quot;The Matrix&quot; shows a very different perspective on the way the world works.  You may  have to watch it a couple of times though, to really understand  everything.<br />The special effects in the movie are incredible.  Because of  the situation the movie takes place in, the makers could go to the extreme  with special effects, and they did, and they did a great job.<br />The sound  is also of high quality, featuring top bands such as &quot;Rage Against  Machine&quot; and &quot;Ramstien&quot;, which really get the veiwer's heart  pumping and make the action even better.<br />All around, &quot;The  Matrix&quot; is a very good movie, well worth watching, although you may  have to watch it a couple of times to fully understand it.
B00000J7SS|5.0|This is a masterpiece in the history of jazz.  This album brought about fusion jazz as it is today.  This album is an awesome listen with many, many jazz greats of the time working together on this album to create this  magnificent work of art.  This album represents a hybrid mixing of jazz and  rock, with a little bit of funk, which makes this album one of the most  enjoyable listening expierences I've ever had.  John McLaughlin's guitar  playing works perfectly with Davis' ever skillful trumpet playing.  All  fusion jazz fans need to get this album.
1573226521|2.0|Does Garland know anything about the French language? Does he even know any French people? Before constructing characters like Etienne (who appears to be as dumb as a rock) or Franoise, he might want to at least learn how  to use &quot;beaucoup&quot; in a sentence. C'est triste.
0812589041|5.0|I was introduced with this book by my elemtary school (where I work) librarian.  She recommended me this book if I was a science fiction reader.  In just several pages, I was captured by Ender's story, and was surrounded  with the anticipation of the story that was to unfold.  I thought that the  book was written very recently.  The concept and the way the story was  going was so briliant and amazing, I was so surprised to find out that it  was written in 1970's.  Because the story did not fall behind any short  from those of Star Treks or other recent science fictions.  This book  captured me the moment I opened it, and I do not believe there will be any  other!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Awesome.  Plain and simple.  At first it didn't sound right.  One of the best metal bands of all time with a symphony?  Im totally surprised.  Excellent CD and I gladly recommend it to anyone.
B00000K3G8|4.0|The original Stop Making Sense was the fifth CD I ever purchased and it still enjoys frequent playing 12 years later. I'm glad to see that they finally released more of the movie material on the soundtrack, but could  have done better. I'll second the comment by a previous poster: The intro  to &quot;Crosseyed and Painless&quot; should have made it on to the  soundtrack-it's wonderfully hypnotic. My suggestion: Buy the DVD. It has  everything the that is missing on the soundtrack plus the movie. (As an  exercise for the reader, figure out how to  extract the audio from the DVD  and create your own soundtrack CD)
B00000K19E|4.0|&quot;The Matrix&quot; brings new meaning to the word &quot;creative&quot;.  Although, confusing at first, &quot;The Matrix&quot; shows a very different perspective on the way the world works.  You may  have to watch it a couple of times though, to really understand  everything.<br />The special effects in the movie are incredible.  Because of  the situation the movie takes place in, the makers could go to the extreme  with special effects, and they did, and they did a great job.<br />The sound  is also of high quality, featuring top bands such as &quot;Rage Against  Machine&quot; and &quot;Ramstien&quot;, which really get the veiwer's heart  pumping and make the action even better.<br />All around, &quot;The  Matrix&quot; is a very good movie, well worth watching, although you may  have to watch it a couple of times to fully understand it.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|Fiona's second work provides many a tortured, but hopeful framework.  The first single &quot;Fast As You Can&quot; with its tempo-shifting chameleonesque sound, only hints at the aural diversity of this work.  From  &quot;On The Bound&quot;, the driving piano-drenched opener, to &quot;I  Know&quot;, the album's closer, each song  plays like its own symphony.   Each and every one leaves perfectly open the doors of parallel, where one  can see his/her own life reflected in the lyrics.  Exceptionally striking  is the vehement &quot;Limp&quot; which builds to a strong, pounding chorus  that shouts out to the listener and then drops back to mid-volume for the  next verse each time.  The rest only expand on such ever-changing uses of   instrumentation and voices.  Would have given 5 if not for some songs that  seem to repeat instrumentally too much in the end.  Even so, this doesn't  take away the impact they have.  As always, listen and decide for yourself.   :)
0790729628|4.0|Not only would Blade Runner be the first movie to be played on my new $5,000 system, but in large part is the inspiration and justification for it.<br />This movie, with no close second, is the best movie ever made.  While  I know I am mostly alone in this opinion,  I married the person who agreed  with  me.<br />The cinema and sound experience surpassed our very high  expectations.  If you want to be amazed what DVD's component video and a 5  channel audio system can do in your home, this is the movie to  showcase.<br />But it was *NOT* the Blade Runner experience!   True Blade  Runner fans will be horrified at the removal of the narrative.   Don't  listen to the crackpots trying explain that this movie was not a  blockbuster success because it had a `cheesy' narrative.  Puh-leaze.<br />The  original film narrative provided a first person feeling that is gone from  the directors cut.  The loneliness that makes this film special is gone  with it.   The beauty is still there, but the feeling is gone.  <br />Our VHS  will remain until this atrocity is rectified.
0812550757|5.0|The sequel to the &quot;Ender's Game&quot; was totally different than I thought.  I was expecting Ender's succesor, whoever that might have been, to talk about Ender.  But he was still alive after 3,000 years.  I was so  glad to find out that he was stil alive and was to tell the story.  There  were moments that warmed my heart, and there were moments that chilled my  heart.  The emotion was set very high, and the healing at the end was so  real, I thought I was in the story.  Now, I can't wait to finish reading  all of the Ender saga.
B00001QGPS|5.0|If you are a fan of redman's Docs da Name LP, you have to get this disc.  Or, if you liked Method's Judgement day, this is great.  Former Wu-Tang Clan members Meth and RZA are finally brought back together again in this  album (RZA co-produced it).  The best songs on this cd are Blackout, da  Rockwilder, and Tear it Off.  Def Jam is still going strong as one of the  best labels out, and this album is a great example of that.  Just a warning  to all Wu-Tang fans, dont buy this cd if you expect to hear the Clan's type  music.  Red and Meth have thir own particular style that is different and  unique.  A GREAT CD!
0880381736|5.0|You will definitely enjoy this book!  Often times, a reader will establish a &quot;favorite&quot; character in a series such as this, and I assure you that your favorite(s) will be known early on.  From the battling Draconians  to the hidden and unfolding love story, this &quot;beginning&quot; is the  best reading that you will come by in quite a while..  Enjoy the humor of  Tasslehoff and follow the complexity of Tanis as well as Raistlin, all of  the characters are some of the best laid out in a long while....From this  book, your Journey begins...
0671027344|5.0|This book, suprisingly, really got to me. I started reading it very skeptically becuase of the MTV label on it, but once I started I couldn't put it down and finished it in one night. It's a book with ensights and a  day dreamer quality to it, but it's something every teenager should read.  One could say it is the Catcher in the Rye of 1999; it has the ability to  change the way you percieve things, and when a book can change perceptions,  one can safely say it's a good book.
B00000IQBM|1.0|do not ever wrent this movie it is the worst horror movie that I have ever seen
B00002Z88D|5.0|A combination of Metallica and a symphony?  What?   That's what I first thought.  But think about it.. Metallica and some strings.  It makes for an experience that is, to understate it tremendously, absolutely awesome.  The  combination is like Nirvana (not the band, the spiritual place).  Some  songs could be better - maybe a few subs here and there, but overall, its a  great idea, and a great cd.
0380002930|5.0|So much has been said about this wonderful book that I scarcely know what to add, other than to say, that along with John Crowley's, Little Big, Richard &amp; Wendy Pini's, Elfquest, and perhaps Los Bros Hernandez', Love  &amp; Rockets; Watership Down remains among those books that I keep copies  of in the hopes that if I ever raise children in this life, I'll have the  time to read it to them. These are all books about life at its' fullest and  most wonderful, stories I'd want a child to have imprinted somewhere the  back of their memories and at the bottom of their hearts.
B000002J09|5.0|Like many of the rock albums that came out in the 70's by great bands like The Rolling Stones, Pink Floyd, and Traffic, this classic Led Zeppelin effort will forever stand the test of time. It's creative, powerful, and  thought provoking content made an impact around the world. This is an album  that entertains the mind and touches the soul.  Like the Beatles, Led  Zeppelin took the risk of exploring and developing rock &amp; roll's  unchartered territory. To our benefit, this masterpiece is a product of  thier unfettered willingness to be different.
0671027344|5.0|This book, suprisingly, really got to me. I started reading it very skeptically becuase of the MTV label on it, but once I started I couldn't put it down and finished it in one night. It's a book with ensights and a  day dreamer quality to it, but it's something every teenager should read.  One could say it is the Catcher in the Rye of 1999; it has the ability to  change the way you percieve things, and when a book can change perceptions,  one can safely say it's a good book.
B000021Y7Z|5.0|The Talking Heads are commercial geniuses!  I love the movie and have seen it about 100 times.  It is even better digitized...My only wish is that they would reunite on go on tour!
B00000J7JO|1.0|Get into rehab--not the studio. They sound very, very tired on this. Same old ideas, rehashed, and Anthony just cannot sing anymore. As a former fan, I am disappointed! Also, they seem to have a real fixation on Mr.  Bungle--they keep copying their musical ideas, but far too late.
B00000F1D3|4.0|&quot;Believe&quot; is just great!   I never was a fan of Cher but this album surprised me.  OK, so some songs sound the same, but who cares?  If you like the basic beat, what's the problem?   &quot;All or  Nothing&quot; , &quot;Believe&quot; and &quot;Run Away&quot; are the best.
B000Q8QH0I|5.0|&#34;L.A. Confidential&#34; is a film that has it all for me: a superb plot, a top-notch screenplay, lavish sets, and outstanding performances. Adapted from James Ellroy's &#34;neo-noir&#34; novel of the same name, &#34;L.A. Confidential&#34;  is a taut, tense, and beautifully crafted &#34;film noir&#34; about the Los Angeles Police Department of the 1950s. Contained within this movie's 138 minutes are the gamut of the best and worst of human emotions. Greed, lust, jealousy, murderous rage, betrayal, sycophancy, and a host of other less than admirable human traits compete mightily with the more positive qualities of honesty, integrity, courage, and right actions.<br /><br />All of these emotions are embodied in the main characters of this superbly written film. Three Los Angeles police detectives - Jack  Vincennes (Kevin Spacey) a smooth-talking detective whose only care seems to be serving as a technical advisor to a &#34;Dragnet&#34;- style television show; Bud White (Russell Crowe), a hard-nosed cop with a brutal temper and violent fists; and Edmund Exley, a high-strung, fiercely ambitious, &#34;brown-nosing&#34; cop - all come into conflict with their bosses, the city's underworld, and each other, during a high-profile murder investigation. Along the way, our three protagonists encounter the city's sleaziest elements in a world replete with murder, prostitution, drugs, organized crime, and corruption at the highest levels of city government.<br /><br />Outstanding performances abound in &#34;L.A. Confidential&#34;. Especially noteworthy is Kim Basinger, who won a best supporting actress Oscar for her performance as the actress-lookalike call girl Lynn Bracken.  Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, and Guy Pearce are all superb in their roles as the three flawed but ultimately heroic Los Angeles police detectives. James Cromwell gives a deliciously evil performance as a corrupt police captain, and Danny DeVito shines as a slimy tabloid newspaper editor.<br /><br />I originally purchased &#34;L.A. Confidential&#34; from Amazon in VHS tape format way back 1n 1998. Since then, I have enjoyed watching this superb film in DVD, Blu-ray, and Amazon Instant Video formats. With its terrific high definition video and excellent audio on Blu-ray disc, &#34;L.A. Confidential&#34; is a film that simply shouldn't be missed.vil performance as a corrupt police captain, and Danny DeVito shines as a slimy tabloid newspaper editor.<br /><br />I originally purchased &#34;L.A. Confidential&#34; from Amazon in VHS tape format way back 1n 1998. Since then, I have enjoyed watching this superb film in DVD, Blu-ray, and Amazon Instant Video formats. With its terrific high definition video and excellent audio on Blu-ray disc, &#34;L.A. Confidential&#34; is a film that simply shouldn't be missed.
0684872153|4.0|McCourt has a unique and interesting way of writing. At times it felt as though he had embellished (who remembers such detail at 3-4 years of age?) to provide a good read, and a good read it is. He manages to capture the  despair of poverty and the sense of humour necessary to survive it. My  mother also loved this book, chuckled and laughed, and, &quot;tsked,  tsked&quot; her way through the religious (Catholic) parts.
B000005IU2|5.0|When I first picked up this album, I winced at the measly list of songs, but I'm stubborn so I bought it anyway. This album is a perfect transition from the slightly poppy, but awesome 1st album, to the dark, and slightly  scary 3rd album. What this album lacks in size,[small even for an Iggy Pop  album]it makes up for in determination. All the songs except  Dirt,Funhouse,and LA Blues are pure sonic blasts which make you remember  why Iggy is god. Those 3 songs however are the kind of songs which grow on  you and in time, you will love them too. This album is very good and you  should order it immediatly!
B000001FBI|2.0|I'd like to apologize in advance to those who believe that original-lineup KISS are gods &amp; that everything put out in any year that the 3rd digit was a 7 is perfect. IMO, this album is sorely lacking in a lot of areas.  1st, their &quot;anthem&quot;, Let Me Go, Rock N Roll, is so far inferior  to Rock And Roll All Nite &amp; Shout It Out Loud, that's it's laughable to  even put them in the same set. Also, I'm sorry, but this album sounds like  it was recorded in a garage or something, because it just sounds terrible  for the most part. Even the best songs on this album (the title track,  Parasite, &amp; Watchin' You) are average at best, &amp; the rest is  severly sub-par. 2 points do have to be brought up in fairness, though.  1st, some of these tracks are redeemed on Alive!, but even on that album  they're still the weakest selections. Also, I have yet to hear the  re-mastered versions, so maybe they might've done something about that  tin-can sound that permeates this effort. Definitely 1 of KISS' weakest  efforts, certainly not 1 that stands up to such classics as Destroyer,  Creatures Of The Night, &amp; Revenge.
6300214028|5.0|Only one word can describe this movie &quot;Wow! &quot;.  It is a great and involving story that gets you caught up in the excitment of the changing times.  This is one if my all time favorite movies.
0684872153|4.0|McCourt has a unique and interesting way of writing. At times it felt as though he had embellished (who remembers such detail at 3-4 years of age?) to provide a good read, and a good read it is. He manages to capture the  despair of poverty and the sense of humour necessary to survive it. My  mother also loved this book, chuckled and laughed, and, &quot;tsked,  tsked&quot; her way through the religious (Catholic) parts.
0316921173|5.0|This book is about addiction in many forms.  When I was reading it, I was LITERALLY addicted to it.  Nobody could tear me away from it.  I missed classes because I was reading this book. I still think about the characters  in the book as friends, and I read it almost a year ago.   It is  extraoridinarily humorous, but at times it made me cry - the stories are  tragic, but told with perspective and irony.   If you like tennis, which I  don't, you'll love this book.  If you like drugs, which I don't, you'll  love this book.  If you like Quebecois separatists, which I don't  necessarily, you'll love this book.   I LOVE THIS BOOK
B000001DYJ|5.0|Esentially, the best way to hear KISS is to hear them live. On those grounds, Alive III succeeds brilliantly. The song list is alomst perfect, although I could've done with Tears Are Falling instead of Watchin' You,  which is already on Alive I, &amp; wasn't 1 of my favorites then either.  Other than that though, this album rocks. Creatures Of The Night sounds  delightfully hard to start off, then it goes right into a mind-blowing  renedition of Deuce. Truth be told, the 1st 2 songs would've made the album  right there, but the rest of it was a real treat as well. To think, I Was  Made For Lovin You came out in 1979, &amp; to hear it done here is just  icing on a great cake. A total experience that needs to be heard. Even in  you're not into KISS, give it a try, odds are that unless you can't stomach  rock &amp; roll at all, you'll like this 1.
0780619951|3.0|I remember the 70's version of this film and have always loved it.  This 90's update does take certain liberties with technology, but it just goes with the times we're living in.  The film does not lack plot at all.  It is  a bit bizarre, but if you're an enjoyer of all things strange, you should  have no problem with it.  I like how the characters seem to be deranged and  lunatic.  Perhaps this is what happens when you isolate yourself on an  island for years, playing God.  If you've read the original novel by Wells,  don't expect the movie to be 100% right with the book.  You know movies  never do that.
0670880728|5.0|For all of you fans of Bridget (like myself) who wanted more get ready.  I've just come back from London where bookstores advertise &quot;She's Back&quot;.  The sequal, The Edge of Reason, is another 5-star book filled  with Bridgets adventures.  You will not be dissapointd!
079213690X|4.0|Looking like a contemporary cavemen in need of a shave and a haircut, Mel Gibson comes a-riding through battlefield flames to win Scottish independence in his self-directed, three hour long opus Braveheart.     Braveheart's most rewarding achievements are the terrific battle sequences.  The two major entanglements showcase bloodletting on an almost unrivaled  scale, with gore that is sheer poetry for ferocity and inventiveness.You  understand why the early Scots had a reputation for savagery. Heck, I'd  have given them Ireland too.<br />It's no matter that Mel's a little long in  the tooth to be wooing twenty year-olds, and dialogue that has the hero  shouting &quot;They can't take our freedom,&quot; to inspire the grunts  ain't exactly Shakespeare. Despite clocking in at over three hours his  Braveheart is a dandy. What could have easily digressed into a gargantuan  ego trip played against sun streaked hills, rainy glades, and huge tracts  of land is a cheeky (nice buns, guys), fully realized film that finds its  rhythm early. It's bound to make moviegoers look at Mel as a director (dare  I say visionary) to be reckoned with. All hail King Auteur!
B000003TAL|5.0|the strength of sonic youth is their ability to blend the avant-garde and experimental aspects of their roots in the no wave scene active in new york in the late seventies, along with their more recent free jazz influences,  with brilliant pop song structure and form. they take the energy and  sincerety of early punk rock and experimental pioneers, and use it to make  accessible pop gems, and no album more successfully bridges these two  worlds as daydream nation. sitting at the crux of their earlier, more  dissonant and experimental work released on independent labels in the 80s  and their subsequent move into the pop world and the mass market with their  jump to a major label in the early 90s, daydream nation is the height of  their career. the song forms are extended and intricate, but buried inside  them are beautiful pop hooks and engaging lyrics. the intricate interplay  between guitarists thurston moore and lee ranaldo is nothing short of  magical, as is the way songs dissolve and coalesce, flowing smoothly from  noisy jam to concise melodies. the album is also extremely well balanced in  mood, moving from energetic rockers ('Cross the Breeze, Eric's Trip), to  more poignant reflective moments (Candle, The Wonder). throughout however,  sonic youth maintains an integrity and strength of conviction that is  impossible to ignore, and translates into some of the most convincing music  ever. this album is definately a must have for anyone who is a serious  music fan, no matter what your favorite genre is.
B00000K2SC|5.0|cyberpunk has truly reached its finest hour in this latest cinematic addition to the genre.  this film appeals to a more educated crowd with its twisted plot and potentially realistic plot.  it simultaneously maintains  the interest of the nintendo generation by throwing at the viewer a mind  blowing array of whiz bang cgi effects and a hot babe in tight vinyl pants.   all in all, the wachowski boys have done themselves proud with the most  addictive film released this year.
B0000020C4|5.0|This is a wonderful CD.  Lea Salonga's version of On My Own is very powerful (better than Frances Ruffle is).  Michael Ball was incredible (is anyone surprised?) and Phillip Quast becomes a very convincing Javert, torn  apart by his emotions until he finally can't take it any longer.  Colm  Wilkenson, Ruthie Henshall, and Michael Maguire are also very good.  I  would recommend this CD to anyone, even my friends who don't like musical  theatre like this CD.  Any recording of Les Miz is worth buying, but this  one is especially great.
6305263248|5.0|Unlike most action flicks, Ronin made me think.  Despite the fact that it extended Pulp Fiction's original &quot;let's run around with a case but never show what's in it&quot; idea, Ronin has original chase scenes and the  look of a genuine high speed flick that's also a good urban  thriller.<br />Sort of like the Reservoir Dogs, the ronin have to figure out  who the traitor is; plot twists and deceptions abound and keep the audience  guessing who is really on who's side.<br />Natascha McElhone was excellent as  the IRA terrorist Deirdre, and Jonathan Pryce delivered a nice cameo as  Seamus.  I loved it!
B0000019HU|5.0|spiderland is one of the best albums to come out in the past decade. this foursome from louisville, kentucky, although they haven't put out much (their entire discography can fit on a 90 minute tape) have helped define  what indie rock is today. from the incredibly masterful use of dynamics to  the intricate guitar melodies, slint creates a convincing mood. the mood on  this album is dark and violent, subtle and compelling. brian mcmahon's  vocals are passionate and compelling. this is a truly excellent album that  has shaped an entire generation of underground, independent music. their  popularity grows day by day, despite the fact they broke up five years ago.  if you are a connoisseur of underground music of the 90s, this album is a  must have.
0060987464|5.0|&quot;...the more information he gave you the more you realized how little you really knew about him...&quot; (Manson describing Anton Lavey)<br />Marilyn Manson is amazing, extremely intelligent, and has an  intriguing outlook on life, as well as America in general...I absolutely  love him.<br />I absolutely loved his book, too - it rips back the black  curtain to expose the dark, twisted, sexual, disturbing, and beautiful life  of a boy named Brian Warner who grew up to be a man named Marilyn Manson.  The autobiography ends after he has transformed into the Antichrist.
0385484518|5.0|It had been a while to read a well written book that sends to this reader a refreshing reminder about life and purpose. Morrie reminded me about what is important and why we should live in the present moment. I'd buy this  book for my close friends and relatives.
B000002NIW|4.0|Deftones have done it again! My Own Summer, Dai the Flu, Be Quiet and Drive, Headup are excellent songs. This CD is not as good as Adrenaline, which is my favorite, but it's good! Buy it, it's worth it! Can't wait for  their upcoming album that's in the works!............In my own summer the  shade is a tool!
0800103661|5.0|This is a deep and insightful movie about what is possible. What is possible, and in a few years probable, in science and more importantly, possible in life. It quietly and with great intensity, shows what can be  done with conviction. This film takes what may be a horrifying idea to the  layman and gives it humanity. GATTACA requires you also have the ability to  think. If you want to be spoon-fed sci-fi, this may not be the movie for  you. You can embrace this technology and learn about it, or you can hide  from it and listen to the opinions of others. Either way, GATTACA, here we  come.
B00003003R|3.0|Eventhough it offers nothing new to longtime fans, except for the cover of Black Sabbath's &quot;It's Alright&quot;, this double cd set captures Guns N' Roses at their peak. The energy of the band playing live transmited to the audience is evident. The performances are really good, specially the Appetite for Destruction selections with Steven Adler and Izzy Stradlin'. Some of the songs have been previously released in the double video &quot;Live in Tokyo&quot;. They didn't include any of the Spaghetti Incident covers, as they did in their 92 tour with Misfits' &quot;Attitude&quot;. The version of November Rain is much darker than the studio version, specially with the piano introduction courtesy of Axl. About the artwork, it features a lot of flyers, specially from their gigs at the Hollywood area clubs, and lots of pictures. Guns N' Roses is one of the most important rock bands, and they needed a live album in their catalog, and this release is quite complete and good enough to appeal to longtime fans or the casual fan who wants to know who they are. Perhaps, the only thing missing is a guitar solo maybe to give the sensation of a complete concert. Listening to this album makes you want them back, with their original line-up.
B000002H97|5.0|Knocking an album down because the band sold-out is ridiculous. People are musicians  to make money, the same reason you go to work everyday.What do their fans want them to, live off of lighter fluid?                                                                                                With  that being said this album is packed with meaty, edgy guitar bliss with  awesome solos to boot. With excellent production and no filler this album  is a must have. Top cuts: Enter Sandman, Sad but True, The Unforgiven,  Wherever I Might Roam, Of Wolf an Man, and Through the Never.
6300214400|5.0|Another great adventure with the first (one and only) generation under the command of James T Kirk. ST3 follows up the dramatic incidents in Wrath of Khan and the story is exiting with interesting elements such as the twisted  Spock-infected dr Bones. For the first time in the movie-series our crew  confronts Klingons. The klingon leader, is great portraited by Christopher  Lloyd. The ending on Vulkan is fantastic where and the friendship between  Spock and Kirk is really proved in an honest and beutiful way. One of the  best. A must for Trek-fans. Well directed by mr Spock himself, Leonard  Nimoy.
B000002U9L|5.0|how could you not love it? except for parts of magic dance. they should really have the version that was in the movie because it was supposed to sound as if the goblins were responding. now that song is practically  almost. . . . real. other than that, i absolutely loved it, and same as my  brother who loves the movie.
B00001OH7G|5.0|I was introduced to Gallagher as a young man by my brother and have always wondered why he hasn't been given his due as a guitarist or his influence in the blues.  From the explosive first riffs in 'Cradle Rock' this CD  never slows down in it's energy. Gallagher's rapport with his audiences was  intimate and clearly fueled his play.  This CD has been the talk of  everyone I have played it for.  And the BBC Sessions is a close second!
B000001IQH|5.0|Although a lot of so-called punk fans refuse to listen to Rancid because they have &quot;sold out&quot;, I have to say that it doesn't matter. Rancid is a great band with something to say, and success has not taken  anything away from their music. Their brand of punk is ska-tinged with  scraggly vocals (it sounds a little like the lead singer is being strangled  or something). Most of the lyrics are not political, except maybe in the  songs &quot;The War Is Over&quot; and &quot;Avenues &amp; Alleyways&quot;.  I enjoy listening to the stories of personal alienation and stuff like  that. My favorite songs are &quot;Ruby Soho&quot;, &quot;You Don't Care  Nothin'&quot;, &quot;Junky Man&quot; (in this song, the poet Jim Carroll  comes in and starts talking- it is really cool!), &quot;Roots  Radicals&quot;, &quot;Disorder &amp; Disarray&quot;, and &quot;Lock, Step  &amp; Gone&quot;. Too bad my friend had to jack this CD from me... oh well,  I will just go out and buy it again because it is 100% worth it.
6300213803|5.0|This sequel is amazing. Its interesting, exiting with a great plot and great acting. Very beutiful ending, from spocks dramatic death to the visual views of the awakening planet of Genesis. Great. A must for all Star  Trek fans to see this classick.
0767819594|5.0|I thought this movie definatly deserves 5 stars because it had a really good plot and the characters were perfect for their roles. If you haven't seen this movie I suggest you rent it because I think you will really like  it!
0767836286|5.0|This movie is not your typical hollywood action movie.  It is an entertaining movie that also tries to make you think about how we as a society deal with terrorism, media, and violence.  The DVD has commentary  by Jeff Bridges and the director, which I found to be very interesting.  It  gave a fascinating glimpse into how the movie was made, problems with  shooting the movie, and funny tales from the set.
B000031WD8|5.0|this movie was probably the best i have ever seen. not many shows make me crack up, even if they are funny. like red dwarf, and another great comedy like dead man on campus, i smile, maybe giggle. but with american pie i was laughing out loud in the cinema at the hilarious things that happened.  basically american pie is about four guys who all want to lose their  virginity. the main character jim is the main source of my laughs.. he's  always getting into embarrassing situations, mostly with his dad involved  too. one of my fave quotes.. &quot;i did it [masturbating] at your age  too.. though not with baked goods&quot; (or something like that). go and  see this movie. maybe it was funny, or maybe it was just my kind of humour,  nevertheless, when it comes out here im definately buying the video.
6304411448|4.0|Benny &amp; Joon may have an improbable story line, but Depp and Masterson's performances have the finesse to carry it off. Depp is adorable as the odd but lovable Sam, who has a Buster Keaton fixation. This film is  definately enjoyable.
B000001GXL|5.0|Such is the popularity of Beethovens piano concertos that one is offered awfully many high quality recordings of them.  Michelangelis account of the 3rd is brilliant and second to none.  But the tresure is found in the 1st.   The live athmosphere makes you feel the performers very close to you and  this magnificent concert is recreated in youre own livingroom.  Many  things have been said about Michelangelis share here, its simply superb.   But I must say that I found Giulinis share not less noteworthy.  The sound  of the orchestra opened a new world in the 1st one for me, expecially in  the rondo.  Giulini doesnt rush through it but keeps it very lively at the  same time.  I must come to the conclusion that this must bee the best  recording of the 1st avaliable.
B00000K2SC|5.0|What can I say about The Matrix?  Wonderfull story, beautiful special fx and Trinity rules.....
0960191038|5.0|Ms Minto teachs you how to orginize and sharpen your thoughts,step by step.She also demonstrates how to convert a poorly written memo into a great one by showing many examples. I am sure that I will refer to this  book many times, until I can practice what she presents in this excellent  book.
B000021Y77|5.0|This is one of the most creative and exciting films I have seen.  The English track is a little cheesy, Manni sounds odd and the words are different than the subtitles. No complaints about the film, any fan of  cinema will appreciate the camera shots, soundtrack, action, and humor.  Highly recommended.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is an experience that all movie lovers must see on DVD.  The sound and picture are simply unbelievable.  I've seen the movie in a theatre, at a drive-in theatre, on VHS, and finally on DVD.  I, by far,  reccommend the DVD format.  Watching from the comfort of your own home and  experiencing the beauty that is dolby digital surround sound is absoulutely  the best way to go.  It is well worth the few extra dollars that DVD is  more than the VHS copy.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie is the best action moive ever! Most of the actors really did an excellent job and they truely fit their parts.  I have seen &quot;The Martix&quot; 7 times and some parts still make me think but that is why I  love to watch it over and over again. It has a great plot that really makes  you think about the world today. Most of the scenes are breath taking. I  have the sound track and it on DVD. It is a movie to remember.
0780622553|5.0|The story is something like Matrix or like Fritz Leibers book You're all alone, but the way of filming looks more like City of the Lost Children. I can't really understand why the DVD includes comparsions with Fritz Langs  Metropolis, there really aren't much to compare. <br />It is a really good  movie, almost entirelly filmed during the night (hence the name). Rufus  Sewell makes a god hero, walking around in the ciry, not knowing who he is,  looking both confused and scared at the same time. Kiefer Sutherland is  wonderful to see as a psychiatrist that would make any patient loose  sanity, just visiting him.<br />Set in a gothic enviroment, even more so than  Batman, the special effects are really never out of their place, like in so  many other movies. If you are a science fiction-fan and liked Matrix, I  don't think you should miss this. If you want movies with a more ordinary  look and feel, perhaps you should skip it.
078062999X|5.0|Phenominal acting by Kenneth Branagh makes this film both entertaining and a fine addition to anyone's library, be they a Shakespeare afficionado or simply looking to enjoy a good film.  This is a refreshing switch from the  stereotypically stale rap such a wonderful playwright is encumbered with.   While it does take some time to watch, this is not necessarily a bad thing.   As a result, there are always new things to discover with susequent  viewings.  Admittedly, the language itself is a barrier at first.  For me,  it is much more difficult to comprehend without the text before me.  But,  once realization dawns, I would say it is well worth the wait.  Currently,  my favorite part is when Hamlet tells his uncle to go to hell on the first  tape.  The delivery is subtle enough to elude most on the first pass,  myself included.  While this is not a line unique to this film, as the text  exists in others, it is a high point for me.  Kenneth Branagh makes the  film, though.  Accolades are also due equally noteworthy actor Charleton  Heston for a brief but inspiring appearance.  I am eagerly awaiting this  title to emerge on DVD, as I hope many others are too.  Perhaps a public  outcry would prompt the distributor to arrange its (hopefully forthcoming)  release.
0446343129|5.0|I read this book and my life changed completely. The author has written the book so clearly (no fluff or puff), but with the results of that of a (Brick Up Side The Head)!  It was truly a wake up call for me. All the  facts are there. You can easily test them for yourself. The results are  wonderful.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I bought this cd not knowing what to expect but was very pleasently suprized. The lyrics are beautifull as are the beats and the whole feeling of the cd is terrific! I highly recomend the cd to anyone who likes good  music!
B000000IVS|5.0|this record, rather than the beach boys' &quot;pet sounds&quot;, ist THE record of this century. born in  new york of the early sixties, to me it is the most impressing statement of a band ever made. this record - like no  other  - literally  forced young musicians to form their own combo. six  stars.
B00000G3PA|2.0|This is perhaps the best example of modern special effects technology in existence.  But the performances, dialog, and story are so weak that it is painful to watch.  I am a big fan of Affleck and Willis, and I am a big fan  of action films.  This one is just so overdone, so full of hollywood  cliches, so contrived that it is excrutiating to watch.  After the first 20  minutes, you know exactly what is going to happen to every character.   <br />The best illustration of the problems with this film can be made when  comparing it to the action classic, The Terminator.  Terminator was made  with a low budget and practically no special effects, but had such a  compelling story that it didn't matter.  The big-budget effects in  Armageddon serve are just sugar coating on a stale pastry.  <br />If you want  a film on DVD that you can stretch out your stereo on, by all means, go  with Armageddon.  If you enjoy film for good plots, compelling characters,  and an engrossing story, go with Terminator instead.  Yes, Armageddon is,  in my humble opinion, one of the best efforts in special effects ever on  film.  So despite my awful review, I do recommend it for fans of special  effects.  If you want both plot and effects, try Terminator 2.
B000031WD9|5.0|American Pie is one of the funniest films I have ever seen. In order to fully appreciate this movie, I recommend that you watch it with your buddies while you enjoy a beer over some warm apple pie. Overall, I give  this movie 6 stars.
6305538018|5.0|I love David Cronenberg's universe. Is bizarre and strange, but very atractive. His stories caught the audiences and carry them through a world with a lot of madness and sick peoples. Only remember masterpieces like The  Fly, Dead Ringers and Crash. This major film, also, present greats actors:  Jennifer Jason Leigh is disturb and sensual and Jude Law looks like a weak  and innocent child involved in a wacky world. Like The Matrix, other great  science fiction film, eXistenZ shows, and mix, a real and virtual world,  but without great special effects. In fact, Cronenberg make a perfect film  with pure talent. All his universe is present in eXistenZ, maybe some  people like it and others not, but this is not a reason to say, eXistenZ is  a boring and bad film. I think is a new masterpiece by David Cronenberg. I  wait his next movie with a lot of enthusiasm.
B00000K0T8|5.0|Though many great albums have come out of Wu, Ghostface set a precident for the rest of the Clan with this album.  Tracks by the RZA and appearances by various members add substance to a phenomenal musical  achievement in hip-hop.  This one ranks up there with &quot;18th  Letter,&quot; &quot;It Was Written,&quot; &quot;Aquemini,&quot; &quot;Total  Chaos&quot; and other great albums of the decade.  (&quot;Total Chaos&quot;  by The Chosen was a local release in Northern Ohio.  Only 1000 were  pressed.  The entire album was cut and pressed in a 10x10ft. college dorm  room, a magnificent feat of digital mastery to say the least.  You will  greatly appreciate the sound and the lyrics, if you can find a copy!)
B00000K19E|5.0|A movie not to miss!   A very captivating film that will grab you and make you say... &quot;did that just happen?   But pay attention because it acually has a decent plot unlike most the films today.  The effects are  amazing and yet the plot is too.  A must have DVD because of the quality  and wide screen.  BUY IT NOW!
B000001FE0|5.0|This double CD is, to me, the BEE GEES equivalent of the Beatles White album.  It is composed of a diversity of musical styles and contains bits of psychedelia.  The compositions are very Beatlesque and infused with  great harmonies and fine melodies.  If you enjoyed the BEE GEES' first  album, this will also be a treat!
B000002UV1|5.0|I have enjoyed listening to this cd many times. It is one of there best. I also recommend Blood Sugar Sex Magik and Califonication. All of there cds are good. And a note to the Michael Ruby who wrote the review of the cd for  amazon. On the inside cover of the cd were it tells who played what in each  of the songs it says that Hillel Slovak played guitar on Fire.
B000007177|4.0|This was a wonderful find for me, a long-time Tull fan, because it contains so many songs from earlier Tull periods (when the group was best, in my opinion).  There are some alternate takes on some familiar  compositions (the pieces from the PASSION PLAY era are instantly  recognizable), but mostly, these CDs contain previously unreleased material  that is of excellent quality.  An absolute must for anyone who has enjoyed  Tull during the many phases of the group's distinguished career.
0783222904|4.0|Why people and critics dumped on this movie, I don't know. It's a good story with likable characters. With amazing special effects. Plus the score is good as well. Fun to watch
0515123447|5.0|Powerful writing with a strong plot and great dialogue. Drifter Jack Reacher stumbles onto a mystery that is multi-layered and complex. The violence is brutal, the plot intriguing and well-researched. Definitely not  for the cozy lover. Reacher has the background and size to make his actions  believable. I can't wait to travel down the next road with Reacher to see  where he takes me!
B00000JCB2|2.0|Limp Bizkit used to be an OK band, but when they released this album, they sampled a few songs, they took their song Cambodia, made it into 2 different songs because they wanted to fill up tracks, and were too lazy to  write a new song. If you people are looking for GREAT bands, get Nirvana,  System of a Down, KoRn (who unfortunatly sold out a while ago), or Sublime.  A few of the songs limp bizkit sampled were Faith, Parts of Re-Arranged,  and a few other you can find if you can check the album covers. Me, i play  guitar, and all of their songs are EXTREMELY easy to play, which is never  good. This shows that they make extremely simple songs that were probably  thought up, recorded, and edited in an hour. This album is not worth your  money.
B000002J09|5.0|I absolutely loved this cd. From the riff-based &quot;Black Dog&quot; to the hard blues &quot;When the Levee Breaks&quot;, this cd is incredible. Black Dog is one of the best classic rock songs that I've ever heard.  R&amp;R follows immediately after, with a very memorable beginning, and  Plant seems to be enjoying himself. The Battle of Evermore has a backing  vocalist, Sandy Denny, whom I'm not particularly fond of, but she's pretty  good. It's a very folksy/acoustic type of song, that probably would fit in  more on &quot;Led Zeppelin III&quot;. Stairway to Heaven is the best song  I've ever heard from any group or artist. It's also, in my opinion, the  most overplayed. It's been played over 3 million times on the radio since  LedZepIV came out. The guitar piece is amazingly good, and John Bonham  really helps, providing a steady backbone that makes Page sound even  better. This song proved that Led Zeppelin would be a force to be reckoned  with, selling over 23 million copies of LZIV, and over 80 million cds  total... Misty Mountain Hop may sound VERY familiar. Whenever I think of  the 70's, I think of Misty Mountain Hop. Don't ask why, I really don't  know, know, know.... Anyways, on to Four Sticks. The song grows on you. You  probably won't like it at first, but after a while you'll start to like it.  Going to California is another seemingly out-of-place song, being quiet and  acoustic, but providing a necessary change from &quot;Black Dog&quot; and  the other rock songs on LZIV. When the Levee Breaks is another of LedZep's  absolute best songs. This song constantly changes, just a little, so it  never becomes tiresome. Overall, an incredible cd, and well worth your  money.
0316920045|5.0|Previous negative comments retracted. The book grew on me over the years. It took a long time to sink in but I would recommend this book to expose oneself to the genius of DFW.
B00001ZWTT|5.0|The presentation of this film, in raguards to  completeness of content, is excellent. Just about everything that could be included with the film is included. However, I do not remember seeing any out takes. There are  several behind the scenes featuretts, two music videos, and several still  photos. This DVD is definitely one of the most complete around. The film  transfer is also high quality.<br />** This is not a review of the actual  film, but of the Quality of the DVD Disc.
0788816454|2.0|I'm glad, just like someone before me said, that my friend rented this. i would not want to waste $4 dollars on this. I found the only one funny scene. This is boring. Billy Madison is alot better as well as Big Daddy  and The Wedding Singer
630516889X|4.0|When I am looking for a digital copy of a film, it's usually beacuse I want a perfect copy. And as far as I can see Predator lives up to this standard. While I would have liked to see more information on the disc, the  film itself is in excellent condition. I would say that this would be a  great addition to any digital library.
B000002L9B|5.0|The mad-scientist fissions strange and beautiful sounds in this incomplete soundtrack to his 1986 comedy &quot;Under The Cherry Moon&quot;, while the masses become suddenly oblivious. Prince drops the heavy metal guitar, and  dives into rich orchestration, walzes, jazz, funk (of course) and folk.  Only ONE song (&quot;Kiss&quot;) remains to tell the listener that you are  indeed a-listenin' to a Prince album; the rest is insane, unpredictable and  heavenly territory.<br />Critics always whine about the early '80s Prince: the  up and coming one-man-band killer who seemed like he would rival some of  their favorite rock gods. They still claim that his &quot;Little Red  Corvette&quot; (1982) is one of the greatest rock songs of the '80s,  despite the fact that Prince himself said he never liked it, that he only  recorded it so he could get a hit. The best music was released after Purple  Rain (1984)and before Batman (1989), in my opinion. There was none of the  street-sound of &quot;1999&quot; or the rock-intensive, Woodstock/'80s  modernism synthesis in his tear-the-roof-off-the-sucker,  Jackson-obliterating &quot;Purple Rain&quot;. After Rain, each album took  the listener to newer dimensions and unflinchingly acknowledged the  intelligence of an open-minded listener. Soaking wet with money from the  success of the 12 million selling Rain (and $80 million grossing movie), he  responsibly used the mass-market appeal of his name to release truely  adventuress, risky material that would've never survived if he hadn't hit  pop Godzilla status. As the masses moved on to Def Leopard, Janet Jackson,  Beastie Boys, mainstream r&amp;b/hip hop or whatever, Prince created a nice  safe haven of music that was infinitely more personal, epic, powerful,  limitless and encyclopedic than anything on the radio. Some of the sounds  on the record, although getting very little radio exposure, would turn up  on other musicians records years later, albeit in weaker form. He's still  incredible to this day, often taking these same idiosyncratic paths now and  again, but these formative, exploring years are still unmatched anywhere in  the '80s or in modern pop(i.e. r&amp;b and &quot;alternative&quot; rock).  Anyway, if you have a few bucks, you could do worse than pick this old  classic up and skip Limp Bizcuit or Ricky Martin.
B00002Z88D|5.0|The lyrics are great, the vocals bust! the percussion a must and the strings are heavy, Love it!
B000009ED0|1.0|I first bought this CD because everyone at my school was talking about how great it was, but then I decided against being assimilated into the MTV generation and tried to regain some individuality (I know some of you who  bought this CD don't understand this word so ask your parents what it  means).  Well this recording is a horrific excuse for music.  The singing,  drums, bass, and guitar are unparalled in their atrocity.  Do not buy this  CD be yourself and listen to bands with real ability or a message no this  senseless b.s.
B00002Z88D|5.0|The lyrics are great, the vocals bust! the percussion a must and the strings are heavy, Love it!
0783107986|5.0|Rarely does a documentary hold a viewer enthralled from start to finish, a feat which The World at War accomplishes from the opening sequence through the closing credits.  The definitive film documentary of the second great  global conflict, this production is first rate in every aspect.  Archival  footage, insightful interviews, intelligent editing and the classic  narration of Sir Laurence Olivier are welded into a powerful video  production focussed on presenting a visual record of the war as opposed to  an editorial commentary.<br />Obviously, this is a British production which  leans somewhat sympathetically toward the English view of the struggle and  concentrates on the European Theater of Operations.  However, interviewees  include representatives of all the major powers, and even relatively minor  theaters of operation (such as Burma, India and others) are covered.<br />The  full range of expected topics are included; the period leading to war,  Blitzkrieg in Poland, the Battles of Britain and the Atlantic, the  Holocaust, Barbarrosa and the Atomic Bomb, naming only a few.<br />The  individual episodes are taut and compact, covering well-defined topics and  timeframes, and work well as individual programs or, as they were intended,  components in a larger picture.  Much of the footage is actual combat  photography; therefore much is black and white and some has less than  perfect production value.  However, this only adds to the overall impact of  the presentation.<br />There is no attempt to glorify the combat, lionize or  villify any of the participants, or to second-guess leaders.  Events are  depicted as they developed and, where tactical or strategic misjudgements  are indicated, they are usually pointed out by persons actually involved in  the planning or execution to the operations.<br />The World at War is a  straight-forward, sobering examination of the central event of the  twentieth century.  No serious student of history should miss seeing it,  and no student of military history should fail to include it in his or her  video library.and no student of military history should fail to include it in his or her  video library.
B00002Z88D|5.0|The lyrics are great, the vocals bust! the percussion a must and the strings are heavy, Love it!
0790729989|3.0|THE STORYLINE OF SEVEN IS VERY GOOD, BUT, FOR EXAMPLE SAVING PRIVATE RYAN IS OVER 3HRS. LONG ON ONE SIDE OF THE DISC PLUS A LOT OF THE OTHER STUFF  THAT COMES WITH THE MOVIE.  OKAY ... SEVEN IS ONLY 127 MIN WITH NO EXTRA  STUFF, BUT ON BOTH SIDES OF THE DISC SO YOU HAVE TO FLIP IT OVER IN THE  MIDDLE OF THE MOVIE ... WHY?   I THINK THAT IS REALLY STUPID.
0790729687|4.0|ONE OF THE BEST VAMPIRE STORIES EVER!  (CRUISE IS BAD, BAD, BAD, I KNOW, BUT HOW ABOUT THE LITTLE GIRL?  AND THE SCENES WITH ANTONIO BANDERAS? )
6305313687|5.0|As if the sheer artistry of director, cinematographer and actor(s) is not enough, the message of the film cannot fail to stir the deepest viewer reaction.  Simply the best anti-gang and anti-violence propaganda to be  found.  Schoolteachers: use this film.
630562285X|3.0|Connery is good as Connery, Zeta Jones is alluring, and there are some good action sequences, but the story fails.  It has too many perfect coincidences, contrived events, and techno-conveniences (impossible events  made possible by some technical trick too advanced for us ordinary folk to  understand).  For the same basic plot (brilliant, debonair thief chased by  sexy insurance investigator), The Thomas Crown Affair is a better bet.
0141301066|5.0|Matilda was the best book.  I recommend this book to anyone who loves humor and has a good imagination!  I read this book when I was in the 6th grade and it still ranks as one of my favorites!
0767817478|4.0|Despite what all the quote/unquote movie critics say, this movie was, overall, not that bad. Sure, like every movie there are some flaws, like Jurassic Park-looking effects in some parts or bad dialouge. The fact of  the matter is, this movie didnt get enough credit it deserved. I feel when  you take an old character and re-make it and give it attitude, you should  get some credit for it.  Overall: Effects great, depth good, and plot okay
6305537798|5.0|Hey everyone out there ho wants a funny and cool movie about school, sisters fighting, and relationships. this is the movie. It has plenty of comedy and surprises. I love this movie and I recomend 10 things I hate  about you to any 12-18 year old person. Bye bye.
0790729628|5.0|Where do I start with Bladerunner? I first saw it by accident, I was going through my parents video collection, while my babysitter was listening to madonna, and chewing gum dressed in lace and lycra leggins, the video cover looked like it was going to be cool, I was 10, it had 15 certificate, so I  watched it! It had such a profound effect on me, I mean OK I didn't fully  understand the narrative, I hadn't the fogyest why Han Solo was now a cop  chasing a naked man who stuck nails in his hand, but visually it was  absorbing! The Directors cut is by far the best way to see the film, mostly  because it gives youthe choice as a viewer to enjoy the film without  hearing an arsey Harrison Ford doing a lame voiceover. It also brings in  key storyline features, that I don't want to give away. The film still  looks gorgeous, the special effects stand the test of time. It is one of  the type of films that you can watch over and over again, and find  something new each time. I like that fact..... oh and that you get daryl  Hannah in a lycra suit..always a bonus. Get the DVD, you'll love it. A  crucial adition to anybodies collection, THE BEST FILM EVER MADE. Appart  from maybe Wizard of OZ.
B000002AVF|4.0|mariah has a great voice i like her cds daydream and rainbow there both awsome. my favorite songs on daydream are one sweet day and fantasy.day dream is one of my favorite cds of her but i prefer rainbow more.
B00001U0DP|5.0|This heart-warming, heart-rendering film was crafted with such precision and care.  Roberto Benigni is a true master to direct and act in such a glorious spectacle.  This Italian fable brings across one ray of sunlight  in the horrific holucost.  Aside from the captive story, the acting is  flawless.  And the musical score composed for the film is also a perfect  accent to a perfect film.  After viewing this film, you will certainly say  to Roberto, 'Tanks' a lot!
B000002KIE|5.0|the songs on this album are great aspecially anarchy in the U.K. and EMI
0553274503|5.0|This is an amazing book with an exceptional storyline.This is a very well written book with amazing charaters and is a tearjerker I would recomend this book to anyone who is a reader like i am.
B0000039LE|5.0|The original Halloween has to be the BEST horror movie around. No gore, few deaths, and a great score make for one of the best movies around. Little Michael Myers murders his sister. He is locked up for 15 years. Then  he escapes, and goes after Laurie, Linda, and Annie, killing all but  Laurie. Laurie turns out to be his sister in the not so good Halloween 2.  Great great movie!
6305718954|5.0|This DVD features a gorgeous 2.35:1 widescreen transfer, capturing all of the films beauty.  STIGMATA is probably the most gorgeously filmed movie EVER, and the DVD edition is great.  The added scenes are great, the  alternate ending is VERY interesting, and the Natalie Imbruglia music  video, for the truly haunting &quot;Identify&quot;, is moody and luscious.  For open-minded viewers, Stigmata is a great pick.  And for the record, it  does NOT rip off The Exorcist, as the Exorcist did not INVENT  &quot;possession signals&quot;, such as talking in a strange deeper voice,  speaking different languages, or facial contortions; these have been  documented phenomena in MANY TRUE POSSESSION CASES.  Just wanted to clear  that up. Patricia Arquette is brilliant.
6301562925|3.0|Halloween 5. Ehh, it's OK. I don't understand why the killed Rachel so early, or at all, concidering she was like the main role in 4. Michael did not have the 'touch' like he usually does. Also, the Myers' house does not  look at all like it did in 1 &amp; 2. It is much more fancy looking! But it  is all mossy and viney and stuff. Donald Pleasence does not do a good  acting job in this one.
0812550706|5.0|I just re-read the book that I loved so much when I read it as a child, and it the pleasure was undiminished.  If the greatest failing of Science Fiction is the lack of characterisation, Card is nothing short of  magnificent in his depiction of Ender, the reluctant hero.  It manages to  deliver the epic storyline of the battle to save the human race coupled  with the sensitivity of multi-faceted and well crafted characters.  This  book truly deserves it place amongst those books that surpass their genre.
6304288433|2.0|Halloween 2 has to be the worst way that they could have continued the story. Jamie Lee has hardly any lines, and the new characters just don't match up to the ones in the original. This movie had the potential to be  fantastic, but they blew it with the setting. I don't know where, but they  could have easily set it somewhere else. Also, this movie is gore galore,  {The Hot tub scene!} It just does not do the job.
0446525537|4.0|Just like the phenomenal author Nicholas Sparks warned me, I smiled and I cried while reading this book.  It is a true tale of love.  The main character Landon Carter cannot help falling in love with strange but kind  Jamie Sullivan. Landon's love for Jamie was a true test of time as revealed  in the surprise ending.  Nicholas Sparks has a great talent, each book of  his has captivated me and left me amazed.  I srongly recommend this book to  anyone who has loved another.
B000031WD9|5.0|Not the sort of movie you would watch with your mother...but I laughed so hard I cried.
B000022TSF|5.0|&quot;Chinatown&quot; is astonishing, and the new 25th Anniversary DVD edition more than does justice to this masterwork. A beautiful widescreen transfer of both video and sound, this release will be welcomed by fans of  Roman Polanski &amp; Robert Towne's triumph. Even after having seen the  film at least a half dozen times, the DVD release was like viewing it for  the first time (which I did, at a drive-in theatre in Western Pennsylvania  in 1974--so you can imagine the quality improvement!). There are not enough  words of praise for this film -- acting, direction, script, casting, art  direction, cinematography -- first rate in every way. If you have never  seen this film, buy a good DVD player and a new TV with component inputs,  gather your very best friends and settle in for a treat. And if you've seen  it, but not on DVD, ditto. Supplemental material is also good. Worth every  penny.
6304578482|5.0|This is the best movie put on video with a little language but sexual content it was the best. Kudrow and Sorvino were perfect for their parts. Kudrow was as funny as she is in Friends and Sorvino did good with the  attitude, perfect for the home!
6303481272|5.0|This is defenitely one of the best anime's I have ever seen.  The story is great, the action scenes are incredible, and the characters are awesome.  I never get tired of this movie!  Its an all around fantastic anime for new  or old fans.
0385484518|5.0|Once I started reading this book I could not put it down! I was completely moved by Morrie's story, by his strength, wisdom &amp; love for life. Mitch Albom has made a story which could have been very depressing, one which  makes my view on every day life now very different!
0449227545|3.0|bought the book because as a previous reader of Ken Follets' most notably the Pillars of the Earth thought he would deliver.  Yes, what was read out of touch.  Ken gave tribute to notables in California, but forgot some  things, like it does not take minutes to hang up the phone in the presidio  to take a helicopter across the bay. or even drive across the bay in LESS  THAN MINUTES. check out page 417, where sloppy writing ensued and i only  point this out, because i was livid with the timing aspects in his latest  novel. the lingo, well, who says &quot;he got clean away&quot;,  i cringed  when i read that.
B000002IGP|5.0|I'm not really a big fan of Ratt.  I'm basically a hardened metal fan and Ratt is less heavy for me, but I must say that Ratt is at their absolute metallic best on this album.  It's another one of my top 5 favorite albums.   Every song on here is my favorite, but my favorite songs altogether from  this disc is Back For More, In Your Direction, She Wants Money and Scene Of  The Crime. Just this album is one Ratt album enough for my metal  collection.  Recommended.
630398021X|4.0|i rented this video because it was at the video store. and then becoming a great ralph fiennes fan, bought the video.  james cameron is always creative (not having watched the titanic) i can only appreciate the  terminator series and this movie - strange days.  the performances are  believable.  ralph fiennes does an outstanding job of someone who is  addicted to his discs, and a woman he loves and yes life too.  angela  bassett brings more to her role as a woman who is not afraid to be tough  and vulnerable.  either way the movie was/is timely.  it shows the decisive  moments that we are faced with in this new year and for that i give it a  thumbs up! maybe after the new year people will look at this cleverly drawn  interpretation at LA on the edge with a laissez-fair attitude. I felt it  was timely.
B000000FG8|5.0|this is by far the best CD i have ever heard. these guys invented the modern punk ska sound and it even has great messages in the songs. what more could you ask for in a CD?
B00000IAU3|2.0|I don't know what I expected from this album, but I certainly didn't get it.  Although Dido may appeal to others, she didn't with me.  Her lyrics were well written, but Dido just seemed to talk her way through the songs.   The music didn't seem to have any beat and was kind of like a mix matched  bunch of tunes that you can't straighten out in your head.  I must admit I  bought it for the Roswell theme song &quot;Here with Me&quot;.  That seemed  like the only worthy song to listen to.  I don't mean to make Dido sound  like the worst artist in the world; she has potential. But she did not win  me over with &quot;No Angel&quot;.
6304675348|5.0|I think that Matthew Lillard is really hott and should not have died.  This movie is really funny, I would've never watched it if I didn't know that Matthew Lillard was in it.  It has a lot of profanity (the more the  merrier).
0553573403|5.0|What this story lacks in cliche, it makes up in substance of character.  A wonderful tale told from the perspectives of those who live (and die) it.  Each characters' story is magnificently unraveled throughout, allowing for  the reader to understand the characters perspectives and motivations, even  developing affinity for and an association with some.<br />While the story  has it's smattering of magic and a healthy measure of battle, the  overriding thrill is from an intricate web woven of interaction of  personalities -- good and bad, but mostly a little of each.<br />Without  giving too much away, the story is like real life in that the good do not  always win, might doesn't always make right, and just because you like a  character doesn't mean they're on the winning side.  In fact, one shouldn't  necessarily count on him or her living to see the end of the chapter!
B000002G87|5.0|Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs is one of the best rock and roll albums of all time. Almost up there with the White Album, but not quite. Clapton and pals made rock and roll history and influenced generations of  musicians with this perfect 1970 album.
B000031WD9|5.0|My girlfriend and her friends took me to see this movie on my birthday, I guess they knew I was into movies of this sort.  I called it an ice breaker, because as far as I know this is the first and only movie that  really looks at boys trying to lose thier viginities from a boy's point of  view.  It is extremly funny and an eye opener. As I recall this movie  possesses a lot of truth in it, and I guess that is why people especially  males thought it was funny.  I do recommend this movie to anyone who has  not seen it, and to those who have already seen it you know you want to see  it again.
B000031WD9|5.0|This movie is truly a good one. I was pissing my pants yet at the same time it had a great story and lots of good twists. In addition, it had great acting/actors, cinematography, etc etc etc. All in all, it was great  - just watch it!  A guaranteed upper.
B000031WD9|3.0|This movie was great for a laugh. I am glad I bought it at a discount though... If you like tiolet humor ( I mean that in a good way) you will like this movie. The special features leave some to be desired, but over  all decent. The unrated version is sweet, I can figure out what they cut  out so... :) Buy it here at amazon, great deal on a good movie!
B00000IQMT|5.0|All you can say is the Force is back &amp; in a big way.  Goes along the lines of the soundtracks for the first three films.  These 4 soundtracks plus the 3 Indiana Jones soundtracks are on the top of my favorite list.
0385493800|1.0|Three quarters of the way through Grisham's latest, I could not wait to be finished with it. The plot was totally predictable.  Unlike his previos novels where unforgetable characters take the reader throught a plot full  of surprises, this novel takes the reader along a path of how a drunk  lawyer who has nothing left but the promise of yet another drunken crisis,  finds God. After reading three fourths of the book, frustrated, I scanned  the remainder.....and, indeed, it was as predictable as I had imagined.   Not even a good surprise ending.
B000002BMV|4.0|I've been a Journey fan for a long time, and this is a group that has a lot of history.  ESCAPE is quinessential Journey of the Jonathan Cain Era.  Some of their biggest radio hits are here.  It's truly early 80's rock, but  that's when this band was at the height of their success.  Steve Perry's  vocals were soaring, Neal Schon's guitar was crisp and Cain's keyboards  added an element that Greg Rolie didn't have in the band's earlier years.  If you're a Journey fan, this is the one album you MUST have in your  collection.
B000001FN1|5.0|Awsome vocals with the sounds of killer guitars that can be some what compared to Randy Rhodes with all 3 sounds of high tempo, mid to slow rock ballads, I rate this band and this album 2 thumbs up along with 5 stars. As  an amature rock music guitarist like me, I can recommend this album to be  one of many rock bands that didn't get much rating from the record  companies at that time...
B000022TT4|4.0|This DVD is a slightly dressed up version of the VHS tape, with some introductory panorama shots overlaying the opening tracks.  The sound quality is great, the &quot;grainy&quot; black and white is intentional as  is the eventual transition to color toward the second half of the movie (I  saw it in the theatre on 70mm...)  If you already have the VHS, it is worth  getting the DVD just so you can skip to your favorite tracks.  There is no  new material on the disk, even though it claims to hold &quot;Ruby  Tuesday&quot; and &quot;Sympathy for the Devil&quot; - they have just put  that down on the track list since Bono sings a few lines from those songs  towards the end of &quot;Bad&quot;.  Like I said, if you like U2, you  should own this DVD.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I am a 13 year old kid who just got this CD for Christmas. At first, I just listened to &quot;I knew I loved you&quot; and &quot;The Animal Song&quot;, but once I started listening to the rest of the CD, I realized  that there was a completly different side to this band that i had never  heard.  Songs like &quot;the Best Thing&quot; and &quot;Two Beds and A  Coffee Machine&quot;. Now thats a great song. Every time I listen to it I  get tears in my eyes. If you're tring to decide weather or not to buy this  CD, I give you my word that unless you are some marlin manson worshiper,  you will enjoy this CD.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|The Matrix is the best movie of 1999, it's incredbile sense of Cyber Punk with a mixture of sci-fi action delivers absolute awe with each passing sequence. The DVD is very well done, but has it's drawbacks with it's  format and postitioning (it cuts off people's heads) but the DVD film  version is also the original version the Wachowski Brothers wanted thier  vision to represent. The Matrix is the best film of 1999, hands down.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I HIGHLY recommend this movie, not only for it's stunningly vivid computer animated effects, but for it's interesting plot, and incredible action.  If you haven't seen this movie you are really missing out.
6305268177|5.0|Almost 2 hours long and not a bad moment in the whole thing. Ranks up there with the James Taylor and Tina Turner DVDs for sound quality.
B000002KL3|5.0|This was the very first rock album that I ever heard ,and when it played threw I fell in love with this group.Eddie Van Halen is the best guitar player that ever lived. David Lee Roth as that one of a kind voice that  makes the band come together.
B00000JJQK|5.0|I have owned the Pet Sounds album since it's original vinyl release in 1966.  At that time, LP's were released in both mono and stereo formats, due to the incompatability of mono phono cartridges to stereo records--a  problem that was corrected in the late '60s.  Stereo LP releases of 'mono  only mixed' album tape masters went through a signal alteration of one or  both channels by adding echo or reverb, thus creating a 'simulated stereo  sound'.  Capitol Records used this 'echoing' and 'reverb' effect under the  name: 'Duophonic' (remember? ).  This was the recording process that  Capitol used during the 1960s to butcher a good portion of the Beach Boys  AND The Beatles US releases, not to mention other Capitol artists  recordings (Frank Sinatra, Nat King Cole, etc.). Thank you, Capitol for  remastering 'Pet Sounds', the sound quality is outstanding!  As a stereo  fanatic, I hope that the rest of the Beach Boys catalog as well as The  Beatles catalog (I just love the remastered 'Yellow Submarine')is  remastered to digital stereo. Keep up the good work!
B000006NPY|4.0|The release of Adore was met with a lot of criticism from fans, but it really is a more than decent album. While the lack of the Pumpkin's trademark guitar playing is terribly missed, the spirit of the album is  still definaltey them. There are some gorgeous melodies found in this one,  and the mixes are an intresting approach to Billy's lyrics(which are as  impressive as ever). Adore is full of the same gloom yet dreamer vibe  common to the Pumkins' previous work.      Personally, I hope their next  one is back to their rock basics, but Adore was a wonderfull experience  none the less.
B00000JJQK|5.0|I have owned the Pet Sounds album since it's original vinyl release in 1966.  At that time, LP's were released in both mono and stereo formats, due to the incompatability of mono phono cartridges to stereo records--a  problem that was corrected in the late '60s.  Stereo LP releases of 'mono  only mixed' album tape masters went through a signal alteration of one or  both channels by adding echo or reverb, thus creating a 'simulated stereo  sound'.  Capitol Records used this 'echoing' and 'reverb' effect under the  name: 'Duophonic' (remember? ).  This was the recording process that  Capitol used to butcher a good portion of the Beach Boys AND The Beatles US  releases, not to mention other Capitol artists. Thank you, Capitol for  remastering 'Pet Sounds', the sound quality is outstanding!  As a stereo  fanatic, I hope that the rest of the Beach Boys catalog as well as The  Beatles catalog (I just love the remastered 'Yellow Submarine')is  remastered to digital stereo. Keep up the good work!
B00000JZIQ|5.0|The original, like most movies, is far superior to the remake. Dunaway and McQueen outshine Brosnan and Russo, hands down! From the opening music, the original \\"Thomas Crown Affair\\", is excitng and nail bitingly  intense. The remake is all glitter and flash, and can't hold a candle to  the \\"real thing\\".
B000005ITX|5.0|One of the advantages to listen songs from peace-and-love age is that beyound existence of a strong inspiration, ideas and a real feeling of freedom conquest flew free in every place were youth could be. These  aspects provided a reasonable amount of original, free and unrealesed songs  that were a mix of background and consequence of the psychodelic era. As  like Doors, love got put in their songs all the musical sensibility of this  era by a soft and particular performance of the lirics. Instruments and  vocals are displaced carefully asking to listener to enjoy more and more  the songs. Love features less intensive songs than Jefferson Airplane but  it just provides a different (and too explendid) way to live and feel this  kind of music. In Forever Changes, &quot;Old Man&quot; is a resume of Love  style to perform a song with feeling and art on a real psychodelic  enviroment. It's great.
B000022TSY|4.0|I was too young to watch it first time round. I watched it twice this weeek on dvd, and am sort of hooked on it. It has the same effect on me as 9 1/2 weeks. Weird scenes, great music, and adventerous. I liked Fonda. It  makes you want to hire a Harley and blow a small fortune for a month in the  west. The ending was terrible. What is the point they were trying to make  with this ending ?
B000002KGT|5.0|I am a big fan of The Beatles and not a day goes by where I don't pop one of their albums into my CD player. Now since you know that I am gonna seperate The Beatles from all other music since they are so much better  than everyone else. Rumours is the best album and I love every song and the  overall effect of the album is great and I never get tired of it. If you  love music but you don't like it when a band milks one song and makes all  their other song time fillers then get this album because the whole album  is filled with jewels. BTW, The Rolling Stones are so overrated.
B000000H57|5.0|Type O Negative is the best gothic band from USA, their dark romantic lyrics, remind me the forest and the autumn. Is true ambiental, like the sound of the wind above the trees. One of the best bass of the rock.
B0000019PA|5.0|I just bought thi CD yesterday, and although I haven't given it the multiple listen test, it is one of the best pieces of music I've ever heard.There are some spots where you're not quite sure where they're going,  but 90% of the time you get to know what heaven sounds like.Do you like  lots of different kinds of instrumentation on your alternative songs? Buy  this CD.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I hesitated while buying this CD, fearful of the &quot;Guest Star&quot; approach - which usually is the sign of a floundering artist - not so in this case, and I should have known as Santana has flip/flopped singers alot  in the past.  Very, very enjoyable..
6303122647|5.0|Every time I see this movie, I think to myself: &quot;I wish my parents had taken me to see this in theater, I saw batman and batman returns didn't I,&quot;. Oh well, I saw it for the first time last year and it is my  favourite movie. Buy the soundtrack. GO.
B000001Y42|5.0|This is by far one of the best CDs out there.  I am totally satisfied with the quality of the CD.  If you have any respect for Limp Bizkit's music there is no way you will dislike this CD.
0843175044|2.0|I collect the old versions of these books, as well as the toys &amp; merchandise that arose from the books.  I love reading them and find that they can be helpful in explaining basic feelings and attributes of a person to children.  This book, however, does not explain really what  &quot;lucky&quot; is throughout the book.  I was disappointed, and I hope  that the rest of the new series (I'm pretty sure this story wasn't one of  the originals from the 1970s) are not written as poorly.
6300216268|5.0|Harold and Maude is my absolute most favorite movie of all time.  I've seen it well over one hundred times since it was first released (right when I needed it, as a young college student).  It not only is a scathing satire  of the Army, psychiatry, and the Church, but also a funny black comedy  mixed with an uplifting love story.  Quite a heady brew, although not to  everyone's taste, I suppose. Still, there are reasons why so many people  love it.  When I first saw it, I really identified with Harold, and his  feelings of suffocation, despite his wealth.  But I also wanted to be  Maude, and still do.  I also appreciate it as a film scholar, for it is one  of the best edited films I've ever seen (although the cinematography is  fading with time). I also think the Cat Steven score perfectly fits the  themes. Having the film on video is a treat (I'm on my third copy, and I  hope it will be on DVD in the next year or so).
0812523334|3.0|My mother, an avid reader, always introduced books to me and &quot;Little Women&quot; is one of them. But I eventually rejected it after looking through it. It simply isn't my cup of tea because I don't really related to  four proper ladies during the 1800s who all eventually got married off and  produced offspring, including Jo, who was supposed to be  &quot;tomboyish&quot; and independent-minded. Additionally, it may be a  little too cloyingly sentimental for me to stomach. But however, if it is a  good, well-written book with inspiring characters, especially women living  in the 19th century, then I guess I'd recommand it to anyone who would like  it nevertheless.
B000002KNY|5.0|This is a superb album, with excellent songs performed in a solid, straightforward way, which adds to their power.  In addition to the album's other many virtues, the song &quot;Heaven&quot; perfectly captures the mood  of Wausau, Wisconsin--&quot;a place where nothing ever happens&quot;.
0201485672|5.0|This book is a must read for every OO programmer. It gives a lot of helpful hints and opens your eyes for traps and pitfalls. Even if you are starting a new development the refactoring catalog will definitely lead you  to a better design and a more understandable software.<br />Some of the  refactorings are just Java-idioms but most of them are nonetheless useful  for C++ development.
068484267X|5.0|A wonderfully written novel about a boys coming of age in poverty stricken Ireland.  Frank McCourt grabs his readers from the very begining with hilarious dialogue and situations.  His style of writing is comfortable and  his use of dialogue is refreshing.  This novel had my full attention right  up to the very end.  I suggest this book to anyone that enjoys a  beautifully written novel with an interesting and funny content.
0784011206|4.0|A renegade soldier wreaks revenge on the authorities because of the way in which he is treated by cops in this minor classic from the director of COBRA and THE CASSANDRA CROSSING. This first entry in the RAMBO series is  no doubt the best, as this one actually portrays John Rambo, played  moderately well by Sly Stallone, as a victim of society. Any wonder he  loses it? I think it's a shame that the sequels were made, if not for that  this movie would get a five star rating, because of the moronic 'we lost  Vietnam cos we're pussies' propaganda within them. FIRST BLOOD has none of  that. It reflects reality as well - why are war veterans treated badly and  the illegal immigrants treated like royalty? Discuss.
0064407667|1.0|Take the book's warnings very seriously - there is nothing happy or pleasant about this book.  My 7 year old was extremely upset after the first two chapters, in which the main characters are orphaned.  I then  &quot;read ahead&quot; to check on the children's adventures, reassuring my  son that, of course, interesting things would follow.  I read the whole,  miserable story trying to find a spark of something that would interest a  child.  We love the Harry Potter books which, while sometimes dark, are  full of fantastic adventures. This book has little of that adventure.   While some adults may appreciate the book's tongue in cheek tone, I did  not, and would certainly not continue reading this book to my children.
6302968135|5.0|This is the most beatiful movie i've ever seen. I've seen it minimum 10 times and still watching it in my free time. I really enjoyed it and reccomend to everyone......
B000002GQE|5.0|DoFP is a landmark album, combining orchestral arrangements with rock fused into a coherent theme. Others have tried to imitate the style ( Rick Wakeman, for example) but have not met the quality and richness of  &quot;Days....&quot;.  Though this is by far not the only quality album the  Moody Blues have done, it is deservedly the one they are mosted noted for.   From &quot;Nights in White Satin&quot; to &quot;Tuesday Afternoon&quot;,  there is a musical mood to fit every frame of mind. Each song has the  potential to evoke a memory of magic.  With &quot;Sergeant Pepper's Lonely  Hearts Club Band&quot;, this album should be in the collection of the  serious music lover or collector.  Definitely one for the millenium
0446525537|1.0|Ok, if you haven't figured out the formula yet, here it is.  Boy meets girl, some conflict exists between them.  The conflict is resolved, they fall hopelessly in love.  Something happens, one of them dies, the other is  left alone (somewhat more reflective, having loved and lost) at the end of  the story.  The result is tons of tears and a trip up the best-seller  lists.  <br />After Sparks stole the love-story genre with The Notebook, I  thought more could be expected of him.  Instead of challenging himself and  the reader with the two books that followed (Message in a Bottle and A Walk  to Remember), Sparks simply dusted off the old outline, changed the  character names and resubmitted to the best-seller lists.  Buried within  this criticism is a nugget of praise for The Notebook which I felt was  tightly crafted and a true love story.  Although it is roughly the same  size and written by the same author, A Walk to Remember is not in the same  class.
0385484518|4.0|I read this book on Christmas day.  What a lovely story of life lessons and the friendship between two men.  It also rang very true in the description of the dibilitation of Lou Gerigs disease.<br />I read hard core  serious text like books everyday, this book added thought provoking warmth  to my holiday.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Just when you thought the boys had lost the old power they're here to prove you wrong. Any album that starts with &quot;The Call of Ktulu&quot; and ends up with &quot;Battery&quot; has GOT to be incredible. They  DEFINATELY don't dissapoint here. One word to describe this CD?    GOOSEBUMPS!
B000002LQQ|5.0|This album is the best thing I ever heard.  The diversity and the tremendous guitar arrangements should be legendary.  Mark Knopfler is incredibly underrated in his musical talent of whatever genre he chooses.   The depth of this album is great at night.  Especially good for anyone who  likes variety.  Also check out Chet Atkins.
B00002MZ2C|2.0|THIS FOR ME WAS ONE OF THE MOST ANTICIPATED RELEASES OF THE YEAR AND I ARRIVED EARLY AT MY LOCAL VIRGIN MEGASTORE ON DAY OF RELEASE TO BUY IT. I THEN RUSHED HOME, PUT THE CD IN MY PLAYER AND CRANKED UP THE VOLUME A FEW  NOTCHES AND WAITED HOPING TO HEAR RAGE BACK TO THEIR VERY BEST.  INSTEAD  WHAT I GOT WAS QUITE FRANKLY POOR.  RAGE SOUND LIKE A BAND DESPERATE TO  RE-IGNITE THE SPARK OF GENIUS THAT WAS THEIR DEBUT ALBUM BUT HAS BEEN  ABSENT FROM BOTH THIS EFFORT AND EVIL EMPIRE.  I REALLY TRIED HARD TO LIKE  IT BUT THE SONGS ARE SO FORMULAIC, NOT ONE OF THEM OFFERS ANY SUPRISES AND  ANY MESSAGE DE LA ROCHA TRIES TO GET ACROSS IN HIS VOCALS IS LOST AMONGST  THE STERILE DRUM BEATS AND THE TEDIOUS BASSLINES. RAGE ARE CAPABLE OF SOOO  MUCH MORE THAN IS PRESENT HERE AND IF YOU WAN'T MY ADVICE (FOR WHAT IT'S  WORTH), SAVE YOUR MONEY!  LETS HOPE FOR BETTER THINGS IN 2000
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix has already made it's mark on movie history when it released into the theaters, and then home, but when the digital clarity of sound, and picture come together it makes a stunning movie with on-your-seat  action!  This is indeed much better than VHS, but whatever your can  purchase, Do So!
B00000DLV1|4.0|I wasn't a huge Portishead fan, but I could recognize Beth's voice. When I heard this version of Strangers it nearly blew my mind. It may sound crazy, but if you ever have given any ELO with the London Orchestra a chance,  you'll appreciate the contribution such instruments make.
0684833395|5.0|left me speechless <br />changed the way we look at the worl
B000002KO3|5.0|This CD is not merely a listen..its an experience...deserves remastering before the true master recording deteriorates Mr. David Byrne..are u listening out there? And throw in extra studio tracks Im sure you have with  the RIL sessions too...
B00000DG1R|5.0|I remember clearly going to girls houses in junior high in the 80's and long and behold there was posters of Duran Duran filling up the walls...it disgusted me at the time...all the girls drooling over Simon Lebon and the  band...thinking theyre only a fad like say Menudo...how can they been taken  seriously when girls drooled over them? <br />15 years later...here we  are...and looking back and no drooling their music stands the test of time  for its upbeat great songs....after awhile I got to appreciate  them...seeing they didnt werent some pretty boy act...and not a one hit  wonder... I think when Power Station the band came about I sat up and took  notice on the guitar players of Duran Duran...<br />Anyway...Im not really  into this band but really like this CD...I recommend it highly...and this  is coming from a dude that always hated Boy George...
B00002MZ4W|5.0|It occurred to me as I drove in to work today listening to this CD for the umpteenth time, that if Fiona Apple were &quot;just&quot; able to play the piano as well as she does, or &quot;just&quot; had a deep sultry voice, or  &quot;just&quot; wrote amazing lyrics/poetry, she would be incredible  enough, but this girl has been blessed with three IMMENSE talents which,  when put together yield the wonderful album that &quot;When the  Pawn...&quot; is.   I would be happy to be able to just one of the things  she does so well.  BUY THIS CD!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|all you jerks out there saying that punk is dead are all dead wrong. this album is just plain awesome. listen all the people who like punk: all the songs on the album are really cool. offspring is the best punk band on  earth.
0375707972|3.0|While the book has some very eloquent language and few memorable scenes, I felt everything in between was particularly mediocre.  The story is a little demented with a 15 year old boy in a sexual relationship with a  30-something woman, but soon you forget the age difference and are caught  up with the passion and unlikelyhood of their sordid romance.  I have yet  to meet a 15 year old who behaves like our hero, Michael.  Parts of the  story were too absorbed in legal issues and Hanna's trial and I felt myself  drifting in and out.  It never really captured my full interest.  The book  is jumps around without any explanation of how we arrived at the next stop  and I felt I never got an actual feel for any of the characters.  I was  disturbed by the abrupt and unsatisfying conclusion and felt the emphasis  (and better writing) was wasted on the affair between Hanna and Michael.   If you're searching for something to read, give this a try, but only after  you've exhausted other sources.
0670880728|4.0|Jane Austen she isn't...but Helen Fielding's modern interpretation of Pride and Prejudice is a lovely and entertaining account of the trials (however menial and shallow!) and triumphs of modern day singletons!   Bridget is an endearing character--witty, observant, insecure but also  strikingly self empowered.  She is plagued with all the contradictions of  1990s society.  The novel begins with her New Year's resolutions so it  would make a great read this January.  When the &quot;smug marrieds&quot;  ask Bridget about her dating life in the first chapter, you WILL, NO DOUBT,  laugh out loud! Although her next novel, AGE OF REASON, has yet to be  released in the U.S., it is even more entertaining, and less predictable,  than Bridget Jones Diary.  A MUST READ!  However, you absolutely must see  the BBC version of Pride and Prejudice before reading this second work.  It  will greatly enhance Fielding's merciless humor!
0679736646|5.0|This was the first PKD I ever read, so it's got some sentimental value...as it is, it's stood the test of time to remain one of my all time favorite PKD novels. <br />Supposedly one of the major influences on The  Matrix (along with The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch), Ubik is about  the subjectivity of physical reality, death, advertising, consumerism...  <br />In the first few pages PKD introduces more ideas than most sci-fi (I  cringe to pigeonhole him so, but it's the closest comparison) authors are  capable of their entire careers. <br />You can't take this book on face value,  it engages the reader so completely with it's energy, style and fiercely  challenging ideas. Not to mention the plot twists, which will keep you  guessing to the final page (without sounding too horribly cliched I  hope).<br />For PKD vets it's comforting to revisit the world he established  in his most blatantly sci-fi phase, with all the standbys like precogs,  conapts, talking kitchen appliances, etc.<br />For PKD newbies Ubik is a  perfect choice to start in on the incredible feast that are the novels of  PKD - trust me.
B000021Y77|5.0|Run Lola Run was the first movie on DVD that I had ever purchased without seeing it first.  I based my purchase on the great reviews of the film I had read time and time again.  The DVD arrived this week and I was not  dissapointed.<br />The film is only 81 minutes long, and is extremely  fast-paced and tense for the entire time.  You really have to pay attention  during the movie and suspend disbelief for a while to really enjoy this  one.<br />The quality of the DVD transfer is very good.  The picture is great,  and the sound is outstanding (the film has a good heavy soundtrack).  The  extras on the disc aren't too exciting, but it is nice to have both  German/English language tracks as well as English/French/None subtitles.  I  thought the english dubbing was done exceptionally well (except for the  first scene).  <br />One interesting thing to note is that it is a double  sided DVD, with the fullscreen version on one side and the widescreen  version on the other side.  There is no label on the DVD... only very very  tiny print on the innermost rim of the disc. You have to have some good  eyes to read it.<br />I highly recommend this movie.  But get it on DVD. It  wouldn't be half as good on VHS.
B0000025D0|5.0|How does one follow up an album like Born to Run?  Darkness on the Edge of Town is how.  Darkness following Born to Run in the Springsteen catalogue is like Lou Gehrig following Babe Ruth in the Yankees' 1927 lineup.   Although sometimes lost in the shadow cast by its illustrious predeccessor,  Darkness is a true masterpiece that any rock 'n roll fan must have.
B000002LCI|5.0|Depeche Mode is one of the most inovative bands of my generation and I only hope that later generations will learn to appreciate their music.  This CD is a great starting point.  From here, you can see where their  music went with Violator, Songs, and Ultra.  But you can also appreciate  their earlier stuff without being jolted too far back in the past.  Black  Celebration eases one back to the early years from Masses and would be a  great 2nd CD purchase if you are interested in hearing their earlier stuff.   This is a must have for any music collection - Depeche Mode fan or not.
B000031XCR|3.0|i love celine alot but this greatest hits is a little dissappointing. the only good new song is &quot;thats the way it is&quot;. i am suprised that it doesn't have her first english top 5 hit &quot; where does my heart beat  now&quot;. that is a very good song. its the one that started it all. the  other new songs are just not very good at all. they are totally uninspired.  im glad she is going into temporary retierment. she needs to go away for 4  or 5 years and come back fresh with a new  look and sound.
0385484518|1.0|(I gave this book 1 star because there was no option to give a negative star) I chose &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; as my selection for a book club in which I am a member.  Call me cynical, but I was actually as  embarrassed-  as if I had forced the others to read a Harlequin Romance  novel,  or some other book reeking with contrived sentimentality.<br />In the  spirit of Asian philosophy, this book seeks to impart profound wisdom to  the reader through a short, simple story.  In my opinion, however, the  author fails to even penetrate even the most superficial layers of our  fast-paced capilatlist, commercial, consumer society with his trite  observations.  I mean, how seriously can anyone take a man who includes on  his list of topics to discuss with his mentor, &quot;death&quot; and  &quot;life&quot; and &quot;love?&quot;  The result is not a deep  revelation, but immature generalizations.<br />This tepid attempt at  transcendence lacks even the most basic insight, and I am disturbed that it  has remained on the best seller's list for so long.
B000003S0R|5.0|This album is certainly strange, weird and demented, as previous reviewers mentioned.  But it's still accessible.  The album's tunes are too smart for radio, but don't be shy about getting it, even if you're  cerebrally-challenged.  This is a very diverse collection which delivers an  enjoyable listening experience without relying on studio sheen.  You may  not make heads or tails of the lyrics, but if you are a fan of music,  you'll like this one.  If you are capable of enjoying Sgt. Peppers, you'll  be able to enjoy Taking Tiger Mountain. <br />A favorite of mine is  &quot;Mother Whale Eyeless,&quot; which in its climax features a chorus of  childrens' voices over an urgent, carnival-like keyboard procession.  Of  course, these children are made to sing nonsensical lyrics.  The opening  track &quot;Burning Airlines&quot; is a fresh, pleasurable guitar pop song.   &quot;Third Uncle,&quot; which was subsequently covered by Bauhaus, would  make a perfect soundtrack to the apocalypse, especially in the deadpan  manner in which Eno performs it.  Very few of these tunes disappoint; the  ones that do are catchy and will nonetheless take residence in your brain  for long periods of time.  If you don't own this album, go get it right  away.<br />Highly recommended.
B000002UAR|3.0|It's ok I guess.  Perhaps, you have to consider the times when listening to this album.  It has peaks and valleys.  I have had this album for about six months.  It is already off of the rotation.
0780626494|5.0|Blast from the Past is a great comedy for the whole family.  It is suitable for almost all audiences except a few areas of adult language and content.  However, nothing in this DVD is truly offensive if you don't take  it too literally.
6305205620|5.0|After about 20 years Metallica is still giving the fans what they want!  Casual or die-hard fans alike will love this DVD.  The &quot;destruction&quot; scene is worth the price itself.  The only way this  could have been any better is if there would have been multiple camera  angles in all the songs.  Keep on Rocking James!
B00002MZ4W|2.0|If you liked the first Fiona album, then you'll like this one. But all the songs on this album sound exactely the same: Fiona sings, then the piano comes in; Fiona sings over the piano obviously about some boy who dumped  her because she's too skinny for her own good; Fiona stops singing and  there's the piano again. <br />If you're into regularity, this is for you...
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot are an incredible band with great new ideas which take metal into the new millenium. Great album!
B0000001PW|5.0|Chick Corea at his best.  With Dave Weckl on drums, John Patitucci on bass, Scott Henderson and Carlos Rios on guitar, and Chick on the boards... wow.  This is a very special jazz fusion recording which contains great  songwriting and playing.  The tracks are very orchestrated and will NOT  give the &quot;non-jazz&quot; listener a headache.  Synths and electric  instruments at their best.<br />High recommendations for this one.
6302642256|5.0|This movie was both breath taking and inspiring to watch as a young child. I recommend it for all ages and hope that it can be as important in another childs life like it was in mine. It's a beautiful story. I'm keeping my  fingers crossed for it's re-release.
B00000K31Q|5.0|I love this movie.  As soon as I saw it I fell in love with it.  I am also from the Seattle area and just moved so it reminds me of home.  My whole family loves it (except my dad who hasn't seen it).  I really recommend it.
B0000028UK|5.0|Listen, people...no messin' around.  This album is a true return to good ole' guitar-driven rock &amp; roll.  The record is rocking enough to return you to the glory days of rock, but just experimental enough to tantalize  the ear.  &quot;Dissident&quot; remains one of the best rock songs  ever...yes...EVER!  The songs are arranged perfectly on the album itself,  ebbing and flowing at the perfect moments to create an experience from  start to finish.  &quot;Indifference&quot; was cut live in the  studio...take one!  Turn the lights off, light a single candle and listen  to that song.  It will have a profound effect on you.  The big, crunching  guitars deserve to be turned up, the gentle, lilting melodies deserve to be  relished.  As far as I'm concerned, &quot;Ten&quot; was something of a  warmup for the band.  With &quot;Vs.&quot; they finally found they're  voice.
0441172717|5.0|Words can't describe how amazing and original this book is.  Just order it.
B00000K19E|5.0|Hands down one of my favorite sci-fi movies of all time.  This film's got it all: a great story/script, great performances, superb action, thrills and chills, and awesome special effects.  Every element falls into place  perfectly to create a truly original, and stunning, experience!
B0000022WA|5.0|The Parent Trap is, by far, my favorite movie.  I couldn't tell you exactly how many times I've seen it, but it would probably be somewhere around 300 times.  I know it word for word, and can actually quote the  movie for someone at any time, which I have done quite a bit, along with my  sister, Jennifer.        The Parent Trap stars Hayley Mills playing twin  daughters of a divorced couple (Brian Keith and Maureen O'Hara).  The  girls, who have long been separated, meet accidentally for the first time  at summer camp.  After discovering they are long-lost twin sisters, the two  concoct an outrageous scheme to switch places in an effort to get their  parents back together.      Personally, I don't like the new Parent Trap.   The old one is just... classic.  Although, I have done a &quot;survey&quot;  with my friend, Elizabeth (another fan of the old one), and found that kids  born from 1990 and up seem to like the new Parent Trap better than the old  one, while it's opposite with people born from 1989 and below.      No  matter how old you are, however, I know you'll love The Parent Trap (1961).   I highly recommend it to you.  Feel free to e-mail me at TennVol86@cs.com  and tell me your thoughts on the movie or my review.
B000002AGM|5.0|After so many brilliant recordings by Miles Davis, this is the one that stands out among the rest.  Miles Davis was at his peak of musicianship when this recording was released.  Half of the praise should also go to Gil  Evans, the best arranger, conductor of Jazz sound (except for Duke  Ellington).  Davis and Evan's orchestra compliment each other on this  recording and this is the best collaboration that these 2 giants of jazz  recorded, and this is no small feat due to the brilliance of their other  collaborations (Sketches of Spain, Porgy and Bess, Quiet Nights).  If I had  to pick one introductory album to anyone interested in listening to Jazz,  this would be the one. A timeless masterpiece of Miles Davis...
B000031WD9|5.0|I realy enjoy sexy topics and this one is the most sexy film I've ever seen!
0920668372|2.0|Okay, I admit it--the first time I read this book I teared up, but the emotion didn't remain in further readings.  The mother's picking up a grown man is improbable and unnecessary to the story and the pictures are crude.  The author had a good idea, but somehow it didn't work for me.
B00000JGOH|1.0|One of the worst, most contrived movies of the year.  Could Gywneth Paltrow look into the camera for approval any more often?  Predictable and lacking any originality I am ashamed of the academy for even considering  the farce as a legitimate movie.  Considering the comic appeal (or lack of)  this movie is no better than the Bruce Willis farce &quot;Armageddon.&quot;   Once the absurdity of the juvenile humor settled in, the pedantic plot  drags the view from one tiring scene to the next.  In the history of film  this piece of trash will be long forgotten while &quot;Saving Private  Ryan&quot; (a film that should have won) will live on as true cinematic  art.
6305127638|5.0|Star Trek 8 First Contact Jean-Luc Picard and the crew of the Enterprise-E face there most implacable enemy, the half-human, half-robot Borg, in adeadly battle for the Earth that takes them back in time, in the hit  eighth entry in the&quot;Star Trek&quot;series.Patrick Stewart, Johathan  Frakes, Brent Spiner, James Cromwell.
0440224764|4.0|This book really started out well..with a bang. And it continued so ..right till the last chapter which could have better written. Anyhow Patrick Lanigan teaches a lesson or two. Never trust colleagues at work. Not Grisham's best but another feather in his already feather studded cap.
6305127638|5.0|Star Trek 8 First Contact Jean-Luc Picard and the crew of the Enterprise-E face there most implacable enemy, the half-human, half-robot Borg, in adeadly battle for the Earth that takes them back in time, in the hit  eighth entry in the&quot;Star Trek&quot;series.Patrick Stewart, Johathan  Frakes, Brent Spiner, James Cromwell.
B000001FDI|4.0|The promise of this &quot;supergroup&quot; was never fully realized.  Under tremendous pressure to produce an album, they actually produced five really good songs and almost one whole side (LP jargon there) of filler in  &quot;Do What You Like.&quot;  Considering the strength of the rest of the  album, this obvious filler seemed like a slap in the face then, and seems  even more so today.  That's too bad.  If they had been given the time to  write and produce an entire album's worth of quality material, this album  might have the same weight in Clapton's cannon as Layla.  And that's really  saying something.
B00000163G|5.0|This album is all quality,the best of tupac in a west coast flavor.exelents sounds: california love, how do you want it,2of americaz... and 24 songs into this cd all whit great musical mind. BIG UP! for 2PAC and  the WEST COAST CREW! DEATH ROW is HIT EM&quot;UP! &quot;ADVISORY&quot;  Explicit Lyirics for the BAD BOY KILLAZ!
0790731452|5.0|This is another great film by Tim Burton.  There are many famous actors in this one, which add to the humor.  The picture and sound is great.  My only question is that Amazon says there is a hidden menu page, and Uncut,  Unrated Version Featuring Explicit Footage Not Seen In Theaters. Does  anyone know how to get to these?  If you do, please E-mail me.
B00000IOSU|3.0|This is the first time I've really listened to McLachlan, and I was a bit disappointed.  I loved &quot;i will remember you&quot; and &quot;mystery&quot; - but the rest seemed flat.<br />Her lyrics are great and  meaningful, but lack what good songs need: a hook.  W/o hooks, her songs  sort of mush together and are completely un-memorable.  If she added a  &quot;pop&quot; sound, w/ catchy lines and an up-beat rythem, she'd soar  even higher than she already is.<br />None-the-less, McLachlan has a ton of  talent, and screams &quot;superstar&quot; w/ most of her songs.  Her energy  and enthusiasm carry this CD.<br />Buy it, try it, see if you like it.  PS -  another good &quot;live&quot; group is Marcy Playground.
630529142X|1.0|I'd rather go to the dentist than sit through 5 minutes of this film again.  And that is not an exaggeration.
B00002E233|3.0|The writers need to do a little more study on ofshore platform construction and shark behavior.  It seems like they bought a book &quot;Sharks for Dummies&quot; and &quot;Offshore Platform Architecture for  Dummies&quot; because the script has actors citing some unusually  insightful ideas, yet ignoring other obvious ones.<br />First of all, sharks  cannot bite through steel.  That's an urban myth.  As for breaking through  a wrought-iron fencing, yes easily possible.  But with major injury to a  shark, whose soft body would grate like swiss-cheese against any kind of  metal.  Electrocutin a shark, oh please, do the writers not know anything  about electricity?   <br />I also like how the sharks get stupid, then smart,  then stupid again, and smart again.  <br />The action scenes have obvious  CG-artifacts, but it's still a step forward from Jaws (even though Jaws is  still *the* underwater terror film.)  <br />I could go on and on, but to  summarize, the plot is stupid.  The movie is worth watching if you want  1:40min of mindless fun, because it is fun watching the stupid characters  getting killed off.
B0000060NF|5.0|This was the best album ever recorded!  Marvin was way ahead of his time.  The lyrics, the music, the harmonies, etc.  Way ahead of it's time...
B00002EPJH|4.0|&quot;The Melody at Night With You&quot; finds the jazz veteran alone at the piano gracefully tackling 10 jazz standards and folk songs from the great American songbook.  A more intimate departure from past recordings,  Jarrett does not play with the usual wild abandon that many fans have come  to expect.  Rather, a subtle intensity undergirds these ballads, as he  elegantly but passionately pares down the melodies and chord progressions  to their cores.  Jarrett never gets carried with the acrobatics that  characterize so many jazz pianists; rather the craftsmanship and musical  essence of the song always take center stage.  At times the music seems a  bit thin and wispy, probably due to the recording conditions, but Jarrett's  simple treatment of the tunes coupled with his unique introspective  lyricism and phrasing make this a very memorable and valuable addition to  Jarrett's discography.
B00000342V|5.0|Curtis, like Marvin was a musical story teller, and we'll miss him.
B000031WD9|5.0|This movie is truley a classic. Some people might think it's just crude humor, but I think its the real stuff. It's hilarious and cute at some times. If I were you I would spend the money on this movie...
B00000342V|5.0|Curtis, like Marvin was a musical story teller, and we'll miss him.
014028009X|5.0|Briget Jones goes through all the trials and tribulations that many, many single women go through. As a earlt 20something I could still really relate to the life problems Briget went through. It is by far the best book I've  read in the last two years.
B0000060NF|5.0|This was the best album ever recorded!  Marvin was way ahead of his time.  The lyrics, the music, the harmonies, etc.  Way ahead of it's time...
B00000JCOV|5.0|when you first hear this, especially of u r not a metal fan, you may think this to be just confusion but it will grow on you. it is pure talent. i havent gotten sick of tis CD and i got it when it first came out. it is an  awesome CD and i recommend it to anyone who loves hardcore/metal music.
0671578278|5.0|Miles Vorkosigan has got to be one of the most brilliant characters ever unleashed on the unsuspecting reading public. Dwarfed before birth by an assassination attempt upon his pregnant mother, Miles has every reason to  shun public life and duty; instead he drives his crippled body mercilessly  through a career as a military secret agent. Medically discharged before  thirty due to seizures, Miles has become a special Auditor for his cousin  the Emperor, prying into suspicious cases and hunting trouble. This brought  him into the life of lovely Vor widow Ekaterina in the last book, KOMARR.  Miles at war is an unstoppable force, or almost. Miles in love is a  different story. Perhaps someone should have advised him that laying siege  to a woman's heart is only a figure of speech? Bujold is always amusing,  but seldom comical; thus it slipped up on me. Add in the continuing saga of  Miles' clone Mark, always on the lookout for a money-making scheme, and his  bioengineered butter bugs, which make a sort of yogurt instead of honey.  Mark's in love, too, and her parents aren't thrilled. Add in Lady Donna's  scheme to inherit her brother's title and you have the guest list for a  dinner party of apocalyptic proportions. I laughed like hell, but there's a  serious side to this foolishness: Miles really loves the girl. If he blows  this one it's going to be a long lonely life. Mark's no better off with his  dilemma, since few women can really relate to his dwarfed body and unstable  mind. And fans of Ivan Vorpatril will find him in top form, casually  drifting along ogling the women and ducking responsibility. Tangled  political maneuvering, strong characters, and a complicated emotional  situation; just what I expected from Bujold, who also gives us men a look  at how the fair sex see our foibles. Lucky Miles and Mark; mother Cordelia  is still a force to be reckoned with in this universe, and after the bug  butter is all mopped up and everyone's had their share of humiliation  there's still a good chance of a happy ending. Not many authors can keep a  character like Miles alive and growing through this many sequels; Bujold's  done a great job of making him plausible, one broken bone at the time.
B00000JCB2|3.0|the new limp bizkit CD is pretty cool i guess. if you really liked three dollar bill y'all and was hoping that this one will be just like it, you will be in for a great dissappointment
6303972810|5.0|RE-RELEASE IT.  IT IS VITAL TO MY SURVIVAL.  I CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT IT
B000003S0K|5.0|Rocks genius-in-residence was off to a flying start with this one; 25 years on it still sounds immediate and relevant, and Cindy Tells Me should have been number 1. Check out the movie Velvet Goldmine to see several  tracks (including Baby's on Fire and Needles in the Camels Eye) performed  in context.........
6303972810|5.0|RE-RELEASE IT.  IT IS ESSENTIAL TO MY SURVIVAL.  I CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT IT
B000002UAX|5.0|To quote Sir Paul McCartney re anyone who criticises this one...'Come on, It's the Beatles White Album....sod off!'
6303965415|5.0|Despite &quot;popular&quot; opinion, this is not by any means a boring movie!  Don't believe what the skeptics tell you, that anything not based in our time period or starring major actors is junk!  That is SUCH a lie!   I think that the acting is very moving, the story is at once believable and  beautiful, the cinematography is spectacular, and the ending is absolutely  and completely romantic!  I adore the leads!  For any movie student,  romantic, or even Jane Austen lover, this is a must-see!  There is always  something new to notice and understand with each viewing, so, it is NEVER  boring!
1570427496|1.0|Nicholas Sparks is one of the worst writers I have ever seen. Like his other two lousy books (especially &quot;Message in a Bottle&quot;), this one is contrived, weak, sappy shmaltz. Do yourself a favor and spend your  money on something more enjoyable, like a root canal.
0887307396|5.0|This book aids those who seek to improve their organizations (or start new ones) through a unique research approach - unique in two ways.  The authors studied 18 outstanding companies through their entire history and also  studied their respective primary competitors (e.g. Westinghouse and General  Electric).  Then Porras and Collins distill their insights into a few  memorably expressed principles.  I have found their advice invaluable.
B00000JG41|5.0|Holly hallucinations Batman!<br />This album is so sonically diverse and methodically implemented it boggles the mind.  I had not owned a Bungle CD previous to this, and find it absolutely ripe with creativity.  The one  essential to any musical project.  The album inspires not only one's  musical drive, but conjures vivid images visually.  Quite Impressive.   Bravo Mike and Gang!
0380973464|5.0|There are few things in life I love better than a great story linking past and present-Michener's &quot;The Source&quot; was my all time favorite, until now. <br />Details? Yes-of course. In excess? No.   &quot;Cryptonomicon&quot; is not the &quot;Puzzle Palace&quot;, which I  have (for years) used as the ultimate cure for insomnia.  For the  non-professional in the art of cryptography or the art of war, this will  provide more than a little insight into the ways and means employed in this  arcane industry-by all nations.  Grab it before it grabs you! <br />Jerry  Furland, author of &quot;Transfer-the end of the beginning...&quot;
0553573403|5.0|This was a fantastic book.  Martin weaves a complicated plot of intrigue and betrayal, that had me enthralled to the end.  The characters, particularly the Stark family are portrayed with amazing depth.  I felt  myself drawn to each of them, particulary Arya.  This was a wonderful book  and I highly recommend for all readers.
B000002AT6|5.0|I am ordering a CD because I literally wore out my cassette tape of &quot;Legends of the Fall&quot; one of the truly most beautiful scores ever!  While travelling through the Sierra Nevada last week (from Lake  Tahoe to California), I threw on the tape to see if it really stood up with  some of Horner's newer scores and with this sweeping score against the  majesty of the High Sierra, it moved me to tears with all this beauty  surrounding me. I loved &quot;legends of the Fall&quot; so much as a movie,  I have chosen it as the last movie I see this year on New Year's Eve. Keep  'em coming, Mr. Horner, I have them all!
6304297912|1.0|I thought this film was way overrated.  Too trendy a look into the heroin culture with a strong dose of fatalism.  Provides a great existential backdrop for rationalizing escapism but not very much entertainment value  (unless the viewer enjoys watching people trash their lives). <br />Decent  enough music kept me watching the whole movie...wish I hadn't wasted my  time renting it, though.  My $.02
B000002LRX|5.0|Angel Dust was pure genius, too bad the public misunderstood them. In '92 my friends and I bought tickets to the Metallica/G'N'R/Faith No More tour. The opening band played to an empty stadium, but they were the best of the  day. The one and only time I ever got to see FNM live. Who cared about the  next two bands, they had already hit their peak.
B000000OF6|5.0|Now, personally I believe Queen is the best band EVER, and this album proves my beliefs! EVERY song on this compilation is wonderful! This was my first Queen album. I bought it about six months ago, and I now own EVERY  album! If that doesn't tell you something abou the greatness of this album,  nothing will! Parents, this could be the proverbial \\"cure\\" to your teen  pop-rock \\"plague\\"!
B000005S0I|5.0|This album (obviously one of their first) is very simple compared to other ones, if you can even compare it.  This is a great album and would recomend it to anyone.  &quot;10:15 Saturday Night&quot;, &quot;So What&quot;, and  &quot;Fire in Cairo&quot; are some of the best Cure songs ever.  A must for  true Cure fans.
B000020617|5.0|This album is a pleasant surprise after hearing heavely synthetized or repetitive rap for the past fifteen years.<br />I have always been a admirer of both pop (Beatles/Beach Boys) and heavy metal or hard rock (Kiss/Led  Zeppelin) along with a smattering of jazz and progressive (Al Di  Meola/Brand X/ Yes/Genesis).<br />The Foo Fighters bring back catchy rythms  and blood boiling heavy unpolished beat together.<br />Way to go, guys!<br />The  fun and reality is back in music.<br />The songs range from extra heavy  (Stacked Actors), little fun pop (Learn To Fly) up to Beatles like (Ain't  It The Life).<br />A great listen from start to finish.
B00003003R|3.0|As I listened to this CD, I wondered if I had hyped it too much in my mind.  I saw GnR in Baton Rouge in 1992.  They blew the roof off of the Assembly Center.  They rocked for 3 1/2 hours.  This CD does not have 1/10  the energy of that show.  Who selected these cuts?  What about Coma, Don't  Damn Me, Double Talkin' Jive, Garden of Eden, Civil War, etc.  Anything but  Move to the City.  Where are the elaborate intros to Sweet Child, Paradise  City, Knockin' On Heaven's Door.  Why do we hear Axl asking the crowd to  move back from the stage.  Why not one of his trademark rants?  Where and  when were these songs recorded?  Across the Universe?  What is that?  I can  only hope they correct their mistakes and put out another live CD.  This  time I will listen to it first.
6304510861|5.0|For Lynch fans, this is unbelievable!  Contrary to what some reviews indicate, there is a plot (only it's not quite the plot the film critics have written about... if they were able to follow the plot they apparently  could not bring themselves to write about it).<br />It's dark &amp; scary!  Of  all of the Lynch films this left me in the darkest place.
0767831837|5.0|Step Mom is a very excelent movie. It is funny, sad and all the mixed amotions you can go through.i think it is a wonderful story that is a heart warmer. i highly recomend this movie for people who enjoy sad movies, but  this sad movie also has its homorouse parts that are a great add in this  movie.
B000031WD9|5.0|First off I would like to say that this was the funniest movie of the year! I watched it in theaters 5 times and I laughed as hard the 5th time as I did the the 1st time. As for the unrated version there is about less  than a minute more that was added here than the orginal version. If you had  a choice of chooseing the rated or unrated, you cant go wrong with either  of them. As for the rest of the DVD, its awesome. It has access of the  greatest quotes and songs that were played in the movie. Plus, they have  the video for &quot;You Wanted More&quot; by Tonic which I was extremely  happy to see because it didn't get enough airtime on the music channels.  Overall, I would say this is DVD is a good example of one of those DVDs  that show what you can put on a DVD. Plus, having the trailer for Man On  The Moon was a major plus!
B00000K2SC|5.0|MY EYES WERE GLUED THE ENTIRE TIME!  At first the storyline confused me and made me question the meaning behind the movie and I am not a Reeves fan so to actually enjoy one of his films is quite rare. This movie for anyone who hasn't seen it; is definitely a must see. If you're not into the  storyline aspects of a movie; you'll definitely get into the effects.
B00000273P|5.0|Here is a slightly different perspective from the other reviews here.  I love this album and most of the songs on it (it flags a bit toward the end).  I think it is a work of genius and heart.  But aside from any love  of the music, critically speaking, this album is an epic masterpiece.   <br />The other works in rock music that compare in scale are Trout Mask  Replica (Captain Beefheart), Quadrophenia (The Who) and The Lamb Lies Down  on Broadway (Genesis).  Paddy chips away relentlessly at the sweeping  themes of his epic.  As an epic, it cannot help but be fragmented, but to  condemn its thematic density is like condemning Mount Rushmore for lacking  focus.<br />And like The Royal Scam (Steely Dan), Lola vs. Powerman and the  Money-go-round (The Kinks) and Dark Side of the Moon (Pink Floyd), Paddy  does not let his vision overshadow his music.  It is stunning to be held in  the grip of Paddys imagination and yet be treated to jewel after jewel,  their striking differences all the more remarkable for the singularity of  their vision.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Affirmation is easily the best album that I have ever listened too.  One of the only albums that I can listen to the entire way through, it has some incredibly moving lyrics.  Two Beds and a Coffee Machine moved me to tears,  reminding me of a friend who grew up with an abusive parent.  Being there  for the one while being completly honest with that person was the general  feeling that I got from listening to it.  The song Affirmation is a song  which I feel ANYONE can relate to.  With all of the presures that society  puts on us, it is nice to hear a song that says &quot;It's ok to be who you  are&quot;, and if that itsn't good enough for someone then you don't need  them.        Thank you to Darren and Daniel for writing this album and  helping me get over a very painful time in my life.
B000002J09|5.0|I read most of the reviews on Zeppelin IV, and  I was surprised at how many people didn't like it.  When I first bought this cd, I was in total awe at it's magnificence.  My favorite song (not just of Led Zeppelin, of  all songs) is &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; and I remember thinking how  weird it was that, no matter how many times i listen to this song (and  trust me, i have listened to it a lot), i never get tired of it.  The only  thing that bothered me about the reviews was when people would say that  they have a Ph.D in music or that they teach music or clarinet or something  like that, as if that could possibly make their taste in music any better  or worse.  If someone can seriously, &quot;understand music on a technical  level,&quot; i pity them.  I would much, much rather be able to understand  music on an emotional level.  Anyway, this album is, to the true meaning of  the word, genius.  Definitely (my choice for) the best Zeppelin one ever.   &quot;The Battle of Evermore&quot; is really a beautiful, poetic song.  &quot;Misty Mountain Hop&quot; has a great beat and sometimes one can't  help singing along to it, even if you don't know the words.  I love how  almost all of the songs have such long, wonderful entrances by Jimmy Page  before we cascade into Plant's beautiful wails.  Oh, and i have a question  for someone who is going to write a review: What is the name of this album?   I always referred to it as &quot;Zoso,&quot; but some people called it  &quot;Led Zeppelin IV&quot; and I was reading a list of titles for all the  Zeppelin CD's, and the space for the title of this CD left blank.   I'm  confused.  Someone please answer me when they write their review and i will  read it.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Excellent 3rd CD from the legendary group RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE. Best racks are: Guerrilla Radio and Sleep Now in the Fire.
B000002UZ1|5.0|I love this CD soooo much!  The late Beatles completely rock.  My favorites being &quot;Hey Jude,&quot; &quot;Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds,&quot; and &quot;I am the Walrus.&quot;  i completely reccomend  this cd to anyone!   My favorite part on CD number 1 is at the end of  &quot;All you need is Love&quot; when you hear someone singing, &quot;She  loves you, yeah yeah yeah&quot; It is a startling contrast to their earlier  days and is actually quite sad.
B00000K2SC|5.0|NOT ONLY WILL THIS MOVIE ASTOUND THE VIEWER, BUT ALL OTHER ACTION DIRECTORS AROUND. THE MIND-PAUSING SPECIAL EFFECTS MAKE THIS MOVIE ONE OF THE GREATEST PRODUCTIONS EVER. I WOULD SUGGEST GETTING THE VHS COLLECTORS  EDITION TAPE. IT HAS A VERY AMUSING &quot;MAKING OF THE MATRIX&quot; AT THE  END AFTER ALL OF THE CREDITS. IT INCLUDES &quot;BULLIT TIME&quot; (WHICH I  WON'T REVEAL, ~~YOU HAVE TO SEE IT FOR YOURSELF~~) AND MANY OTHER EFFECTS  THAT YOU WILL NOT WANT TO MISS.
0792839846|1.0|It starts with endless, endless commentary. You must fast-forward _FOREVER_ to get to the actual 5 star movie
B00000DC4A|4.0|this is by far his most complete collection of pure music, since the mid 1980's. it is worth listening to all the songs on the cd again. no filler but pure music and soul. if you have been a fan for years, from his early  days, you can tell he is getting fun again to listen to. may 2000 bring  more of the same.
B0000399WI|5.0|I would have bought this great film in any case, but I was extremely disappointed with the lack of commentary by Morgan Freeman which was advertised in the Amazon DVD description.  As for the Dvd.. you do get a  crystal clear transfer and incredible sound quality on this one.  The sound  transfer is fantastic with the clarity of the voices on an amazing level. I  was really looking forward to the commentary, but it isn't there!  The cost  is low and definitely worth the cost for the dvd, but there are few extras  in this dvd.  Great acting, great musical score, and very uplifting..  unlike the Green Mile which was good but not very inspiring the way this  one is.  The Freeman/Robbins chemistry is fantastic, very powerful.
0800141660|5.0|A lovely costume drama, witty &amp; spare performances by Emma Thompson &amp; Hugh Grant (among others), &amp; clever Jane Austen prose. What more could you ask for?
B00002MZ2T|5.0|My brother just got this cd for Christmas and I asked him if I could listen to it. I totally fell in love with Savage Garden. Their lyrics are so powerful and meaningful. They write their own songs. With a cool upbeat  song like &quot;Affirmation&quot; and tons of ballades like &quot;I Knew I  Loved You&quot; and &quot;The Lover After Me&quot;. They shortly become my  favorite group. I'm usually into all that pop music like NSYNC and Britney  Spears, but I really, really like Savage Garden.
B00000I41G|5.0|I've worn out five copies of this recording on vinyl....last one I managed to find new has been used ONLY to make tapes (of course I've worn out about three of those, also!).  I first heard this fantastic album in 1968....it  seems like I've been waiting for years for someone to convert it to a CD  and had just about given up.  Have you ever played the &quot;If you were  stuck on a desert island...&quot; game?  This album was always on the top  of my list!
B000000H57|5.0|There is always gonna be debate over whether any record is good or not...opinions differ, tastes differ...what is ground breaking one day is cliche one year later...the goth fans can argue here all they want, but  this review is for the general music fan.  THis is a SUPERB album, which  EVERYONE should own and cherish, which will unfortunately not get the  recognition it deserves in our disgustingly superficial and commercial  music industry.  My musical taste is diverse, from classic rock, to  R&amp;B, to trance and techno, to ambient...well you get the idea, but this  is one of the best albums of all time, up there with Floyd's &quot;wish you  were here&quot; or the Beatles &quot;Sgt Pepper&quot; (It's that good).   Open your mind and enjoy the ride.  Steele's toungue and cheek humour  remains, but interwoven in a thick, lush masterpiece of an arrangement, and  songs that can tickle your funny bone, but more likely hit a nerve deep in  your heart.  Do some research into Steele's lyrics and follow his warped  cynism across the rest of his albums, and you will appreciate this release  all the more.  If you can tell me of any recent record that is actually  worth listening to all the way through, I'd be glad to hear it.   <br />Directions: Insert Disc, Press Play, Turn Volume Up (You need a powerful  stereo to fully enjoy this one), Close eyes and be whisked away (Sing  along, if your vocal box permits)
6305291489|5.0|Superb, Brillant Fun for all the family. A must have film for the family
0788816454|3.0|This movie was funny at points, but had it's share of rough spots. Just the whole Bobby &quot;Boucher&quot;  thing and Adam sounding like an imbecile wasn't a good concept. I mean, come on, guys on a football team  picking on him because he did his job and talked stupid.  On the other  hand, the hillbilly mother in the bayous of Louisiana was pretty funny, and  I promise you'll get a kick out of all the tackling that Adam does. But let  me be frank, if you wan't to sit down to a good Adam Sandler movie, pick up  The Wedding Singer or Happy Gilmore or maybe even Big Daddy. The Waterboy,  good movie, but not great.
0440224764|3.0|I just finished The Partner and wanted to scream! This book could have been great!  It was suspenseful and exciting and I couldn't put it down. The ending just didn't jive with character development. I don't know what  John Grisham was thinking! I was really disappointed!
0684867621|3.0|On one of my bookshelves, next to a series of large tomes by Stephen King, there now stands a small, 200-page book that looks out of place. Between Gerald's Game and Insomnia, King's new book is tucked away, seeming as if  it doesn't belong there at all. Yet although The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon  is a departure from his normal method of storytelling, it is still vintage  King.<br />The title character is Trisha McFarland, a nine year-old girl (but  big for her age), daughter of divorced parents, and the glue that has been  holding together her feuding mother and older brother. As they set out for  a hike through the woods in Maine (where else?), Trisha stops for a moment  to go off the trail in an effort to get away from the family bickering.  Separated from her mother and brother, Trisha attempts to find her way back  to the trail only to discover that she is completely lost.<br />With a stoic  resolve that King manages to make completely believable, Trisha sets off on  an adventure, trying to find her way home. Her only link to civilization is  her Walkman radio, which she cares for with a reverence. As she listens to  the Boston Red Sox game, she begins to fantasize that closing pitcher Tom  &quot;Flash&quot; Gordon is talking to her.<br />As the hours turn to days,  Trisha comes to the realization that something else is in the woods with  her, too. She doesn't have a name for it, but she begins thinking of it as  &quot;the thing&quot; in the woods and later knows it as The God of the  Lost. Little by little, Trisha slips between reality and the dark place  where King likes to play. She sees things in the night, feels the breath of  it on her neck, but the reader is never sure if it's real or merely the  imaginings of a young girl whose stress level is beyond the breaking  point.<br />Soon the barrier between reality and hallucination is gone, and  Tom Gordon becomes not just an idle fantasy to pass the time, but a  &quot;real&quot; person helping her through this nightmare. Tom gives her  the strength she needs and comes to her when everything is all but lost.  Through it all, Trisha tries desperately to discover what she believes and  what she can believe in.<br />King does a wonderful job of telling the story  almost entirely from Trisha's point of view. He does cheat once or twice to  tell the reader what is happening in the search for the missing girl, but  these breaks are few and far between. The audience is stuck with Trisha,  lost in the woods, and unsure if she will ever be saved.<br />While The Girl  Who Loved Tom Gordon often seems out of character for King. More than a  horror novel, it is a tale of survival and humanity fighting against  nature. But there are still moments that mirror his past work, too. This is  not to say that he is repeating himself, but rather that fans will see that  this is a a King novel after all.<br />The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon may never  be considered King's best (or best selling) novel, but it is intimate and  inviting. There is no real horror, but it is a compelling tale wonderfully  told.is nightmare. Tom gives her  the strength she needs and comes to her when everything is all but lost.  Through it all, Trisha tries desperately to discover what she believes and  what she can believe in.<br />King does a wonderful job of telling the story  almost entirely from Trisha's point of view. He does cheat once or twice to  tell the reader what is happening in the search for the missing girl, but  these breaks are few and far between. The audience is stuck with Trisha,  lost in the woods, and unsure if she will ever be saved.<br />While The Girl  Who Loved Tom Gordon often seems out of character for King. More than a  horror novel, it is a tale of survival and humanity fighting against  nature. But there are still moments that mirror his past work, too. This is  not to say that he is repeating himself, but rather that fans will see that  this is a a King novel after all.<br />The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon may never  be considered King's best (or best selling) novel, but it is intimate and  inviting. There is no real horror, but it is a compelling tale wonderfully  told.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I absolutely loved Surfacing from the day I purchased it, but when I found out that a live Sarah McLachlan album was coming out this last summer, you can imagine how thrilled I was!  This is probably the best live album I've  ever heard.  It always seemed to me that live albums had way too much  clapping and you could barely hear the song, but this one is different. The  live versions of these songs are even more beautiful than the originals, if  that is possible!  I always said that Surfacing was the one cd I couldn't  live without, but now there are two!  If you are a fan of Sarah, you must  buy this cd.  If you are not, you must still buy it and I guarantee that  you will become one.  Sarah is awesome!  The only bad thing about this cd  is that it isn't long enough.  If you want more of her best songs performed  live, buy the Mirrorball video, it's great, too!
0385495315|4.0|I found The Code Book an extremely interesting and informative read. I think Singh did a phenomenal job at bringing together the numerous length of history and presenting it to the common reader in a easy, readable  fashion.  I am impressed once again at Singhs' ability to create such a  organized and clear work like he accomplished in Fermats' Enigma.  I knew  nothing of cryptography before reading The Code Book, but now I know not  only the history, but many techniques of encoding and decrypting as well.   The figures behind the process were equally fascinating and I found out  about many people that I previously knew nothing about. I found the  explanations behind Mary Queen of Scots, the Enigma, the Navajo code,  Bletchly Park, RSA, and quantum cryptography to be both intriguing and  educational. I would highly recommend this book.
6301661737|5.0|I was blown away by this insanely-great movie...you'll be captured by the stroyline, as Ikeda Shingen attempts to keep his realm in one piece, by having a petty thief lookalike stand in for him before he dies. Pay close  attention to 1) the scene when the dying warlord says, &quot;Ugoku  na!&quot; (Do not move, or do not  start any military expeditions, or  else...) and the final battle scene, when Ikeda's brave army is simply  destroyed. Sad, but rich in history, color, drma, etc. Watch it, enjoy it,  and you'll never forget this movie.
0783113943|5.0|If anyone ever saw Gia, then you need not wonder why it was Angelina Jolie's breakthrough movie! She was absolutely fabulous in this movie and her supporting cast was just as amazing! this movie captures you with the  beauty of the lead actress, but holds you with the wonderful telling of  Gia's rise and fall from grace. the film makers were not afraid to show the  graphic side of a dying aids patient, which shows viewers that aids can  even claim a strong beautiful supermodel, such as Gia. i would recommend  this movie to anyone who claims to be a movie lover.
B000007O9L|5.0|I've only been a serious Stones fan since the late 80's. &quot;Steel Wheels&quot; was really my first Stones album and I've followed them ever since, and have slowly gone back buying selected albums, mostly after  reading posts and comments on the Amazon boards. And of course, because of  my tardiness getting into the Stones, all these old songs are, virtualy,  brand new to me. And I simply love &quot;Stripped.&quot; And the production  is so clean. Just great.
0800135954|5.0|what is there to say, this film was made when everything brad pitt touched turned to gold and this project was no different! the different love affairs that Julia Ormond's character had with the three brothers was  wonderfully related. you were able to feel the heartbreak of losing your  first love, not having the love of your true love returned and settling for  the love of a man you don't truly love. Tristan and Alfred were torn apart  due to the love of the same woman, then brought back together through the  loss of the women they both loved! this is truly a story of family coming  together in times of need! for anyone who wants two hours of pure  enjoyment, i totally recommend this movie!
6300214826|5.0|This film is as close as you can get to what Vietnam was like without having been there. I served in Vietnam 1967-69 and I can tell you it really took me back even after 30 years. It shows us the insanity that was the  Vietnam War.  Outstanding film
B000002IWQ|5.0|Rush vital and at their best. Alex Lifeson plugged straight into the amp for the first in a long time and the band went for it. No overdone sound fidgetting, but just the best 3 piece band in progressive rock, playing  some of their best work.
B000002TQB|5.0|I have obviously been living in a closet for most of this decade because I just bought my first blur  album, Parklife, and I love it to bits.  it gets better after each and every wonderful listening.  I must have done  something right to get wind of this band (finally).
B000021XS0|3.0|How promising at start and what a let down over all. Until ouverture 1928 you are full of expectations of what is to come, only to end up hearing a group of great musicians being too ambitious. Some parts are great (the  ooh-factor is impressive, especially on guitar and drums), but it is just  not good enough to listen to for a whole album. &quot;Falling into  infinity&quot; is just a better balanced album and a lot more fun to listen  to. What happened to Derek Sherinian and &quot;Lines in the sand&quot;?  This composer input is now lacking and the new keyboard player doesnt  sound like he fills it. Dont get me wrong. It is a good album, but Dream  Theater can do a lot better if they just go for the songs and dont overdo  it on complex storylines.
0446607274|3.0|I enjoyed reading this book because I like Bosch's personality.  However, I did not feel as if the book's ending resolved any of the problems he encountered in the story.  But as always, if you're a Bosch fan like myself  then you will enjoy it as well.
0896760839|5.0|Janet Arnold explores the cut and construction of clothes from 1560-1620 like no other.  If you have questions regarding period seam placement, pattern design, period fabrics, and period construction...this is the be  all and end all of sources.  This is not a &quot;how to&quot; book for a  beginner, this is for the serious artisan looking to design in a more  authentic direction.
B00000GAIW|5.0|This is the first Tull album I bought while in high school in 1971.  The newly remastered CD contains bonus tracks recorded during the Aqualung sessions but not included on the original vinyl Lp.  Also included in an  interview with Ian Anderson and two songs recorded at the BBC, A Song For  Jeffrey and Bouree.  This is a must for every music collection.
B00001QEE2|2.0|Hercules, the latest animated future from the folks at Disney, valiantly does it fair share to further ruin what had been, back in the days of The  Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, and Aladdin, a pretty good track  record. <br />I'm probably lost here, but when did a Kid Film become an excuse  to to toss off any piece of crap and claim it's great because it serves a  purpose? Does anybody remember Beauty and the Beast? Kid film or no, it was  a fine film and perhaps the greatest musical Hollywood's produced since  Cabaret. Aladdin was, for kids and adults alike, easily one of the funniest  films for its year. Hercules, for all its hype and Pied Piper marketing, is  a long way down from those two flicks. <br />Hercules has much more music than  any Disney film in recent history, and that's something the viewer has to  suffer through. The quality of the songs continues to decline since the  death of Howard Ashman, the song writer whose talent made the musical  numbers in The Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, and half of Aladdin  (he died while working on the film, and you can pick out with your eyes  closed the songs he worked on from the other lousy songs in that film) such  a dazzling delight. Hercules uses a gospel-oriented canvas to paint its  songs on, but even great voices can't disguise the terrible material. Why  Disney chose to cram so many songs into this particular film can only be  understood by glancing at their profit statement from album sales, which  will probably soar. They know they can rely on kids to swoop up the stuff.  Hey, Barney records sell into the millions, and even The Lion King's  soundtrack, sad as it was, visited the record charts for an extended stay.  <br />If the wonderful musical score helped nudge Beauty and the Beast into  the classic category, the humor in Aladdin made the case for its beloved  status. Hercules has plenty of comedy, just not many laughs. The writing is  tired and the jokes are predictable. When Hercules becomes a celebrity in  Thebes, Air-Hercs become the sneaker of choice. Ha. The animals fall  through predictable prat falls and almost make the older viewers forget  they once were the highlight of many a Disney film (Remember the parrot  from Aladdin? Thumper? Dumbo, even?). More than not, the jokes here are  lifeless and numbing. <br />So, let's see, what else can save a Disney flick?  Animation! Well, Hercules here draws a C+. Some of the work, especially the  scenes in Hades that remind one of the terrific demons near the end of  Fantasia, is breath-taking. Some, like much of the computer animation that  is overused here, either looks incredibly lame (there's a scene where  pillars collapse under seemingly new laws of gravity) or is not integrated  into the normal animation to create an entire work. Remember how the  computerized ballroom in B &amp; the B looked beautiful and completely  natural? Remember how fake and completely unreal the new creatures in the  &quot;enhanced&quot; Star Wars looked against the grainy desert backdrops  of Tatooine? We're talking the the later here. <br />Most of the voice work is  strictly mediocre, so that leaves us with the love story. Happily, it  manages to play out well here. Meg's voice, a little unsteady at first,  blossoms into the best element going in this film, and it helps the romance  hold one's interest throughout the flick. Hercules is Disney's typically  bland main hero, but Meg's interaction with our hunk helps him be much more  interesting. Maybe Meg should have taken over the film and steered the plot  in a promising Amazon direction... <br />But she doesn't, and that's too bad.  The cracks in Disney's animated kingdom are showing, and a few more like  Hercules might bring the whole darn castle tumbling.
0451167716|3.0|I read The Godfather after I had seen the movie about 20 times.  The movie is wonderful!  Al Pacino, James Caan, Robert Duvall, and the unforgettable Marlon Brando brought the beauty and evil out of the Mafia.  When I read  the book, I was expecting a brilliant piece of literature.  I was  disappointed.  Who cares about Lucy Mancini and Johnny Fontaine?  I think  I'll stick to the movie.
B000002AZZ|5.0|Full of detached intimacy, this album is superior for Cohen or any other artist.  Blending his poetry with offbeat, almost tribal-sounding instruments brings out the primitive feelings of lost affairs, love, and  even the sounds of war.  Simply beautiful.
0783222734|3.0|Old and excessively well off man creates the ultimate theme park on a far away island where the attractions are real live dinosaurs. But when he invites a team of theorists and his grandchildren to spend some time there,  one of the employees shuts down the security holding the dinos in their  places and they all escape and start killing people. Amazing special  effects that bring the dinos to life and some good performances (especially  from Goldblum) but unlike GREMLINS, the violence in this movie is way over  the top. The chaos theory scene gives some of the surprise away. People who  liked this movie should see CARNOSAUR. The two of them can't be THAT  DIFFERENT!
0790729628|2.0|This is a five star movie--a classic, featured prominently in every film class I've ever taken--and my review score is downgraded only at the quality of the DVD, which is possibly the worst I've ever seen. Picture  quality is just fine, but sound, which is advertised on the box as Dolby  Digital, is not. You'll only get at most Pro Logic Surround with the right  equipment off this disc, as it hasn't been newly remastered for this  release and Dolby Digital didn't exist when it was made.<br />There aren't any  new goodies on this DVD, and the generic interface/menu screens absolutely  suck.<br />You can argue that this is no big deal, but when you see the loving  care that's been put into the extras and menus of DVD's like Alien and  Aliens, and see how much it adds, you can compare and see what a terrible  disservice has been done to this classic film. It doesn't even come in a  durable box (not many do, but the ones that do are appreciated).  <br />Unfortunately, it's the only game in town if you want to own this  landmark work. It's too bad that the studio won't remaster the sound and  rerelease this DVD as it should be, with both Director's Cut and Theatrical  Release on the same disc, complete with proper menus and extras. THAT would  get a five star review from me, without doubt.
0385484518|3.0|A fine read for our modern times. It happily fills in time gaps between two places, say on a long haul flight. You'll almost enjoy sharing this man's one to one conversation while he's waiting in a very particular  'death row'. It brings back memories of young and innocent hopes and  certainties one had, once. Scholars would probably rank this book close to  'Philosophy for the dummies', as it doesn't fly very high, where their  concepts live... but I'd rather name it with a very long title like  'Interview with a dying man you would have loved to know'. It's one of  those books to read when you are in a mood for... And you're usually not in  a mood for anything when you're in a such a mood.
B000006045|5.0|The song: Dissolved Girl is the song that Neo is listening to in The Matrix when he is sleeping.
6304169558|5.0|This movie was the best storm chasing movie I have ever seen. The special effects were awsome and the tornados were too. If you like excitment you would love this movie.
B000000XH4|5.0|Get Sunday at the Village Vanguard and Waltz for Debbie instead because, if you buy this and love it (and you will), you will want the complete documentation of these sets, not a compilation of &quot;most&quot; of it.
B000002UAF|5.0|What to say about the Beatles that has not been said or written about a million times before?  A Hard Day's Night, their third album.  Another classic.  By now (1963) it was obvious that Lennon/McCartney compositions  were eclipsing anything that was out there at the time.  And this album is  the first where they consistently flex their songwriting muscle.  All songs  on this album are by Lennon/McCartney and there is not a dud in their  midst.<br />I have lived with these albums since I was a teenager, so they  always have a special place in my heart.  The best songs always go beyond  the notes they encompass but start to have a life of their own.  Can't Buy  Me Love and You Can't Do That, my favorites, have harmonies that are like  the finest of candies melting in your mouth.  This is one of the best pop  albums in the history of music.  John Lennon was only a few years away from  becoming one of the best lyricists of all time.  With Rubber Soul, their  best pop music.
0790729636|4.0|Twister was a really good movie.  The special effects of twisters and their effects were good.  However, I was disappointed in the fact that too much of the movie concentrated on the love relationship between the 2  stars.
B000003S0B|4.0|Updated for 40th Anniversary Edition:<br /><br />What do you do when your band gradually deserts you? You carry on with some of those members as sessions players. Drummer Michael Giles returned to his stool as a session player. His brother Peter Giles who played with Fripp in Giles, Giles and Fripp joined temporarily to fill in for departing member Greg Lake and Lake appears as a guest vocalist on all the tracks but two (the scary instrumental &#34;The Devil's Triangle&#34; and &#34; Cadence and Cascade&#34; where Fripp asked old friend Gordon Haskell (who would join for the third album) to sing when Lake wasn't available. It was, needless to say, a very unconventional approach for a &#34;band&#34; (now really just Fripp and Sinfield) to make their second album.<br /><br />The 40 anniversary two disc (and single disc) edition benefits from a superb remix by Steve Wilson (Porcupine Tree) for all of the tracks but &#34;The Devil's Triangle&#34; (the masters were missing for this track). Time has been kind to the second album--it has aged remarkably well.<br /><br />The first disc features the original album supplemented by a remix of the b-side &#34;Groon&#34; (which probably should have made the original album and it would have made a perfect companion piece to &#34;The Devil's Triangle&#34;), a cool alternate mix of &#34;Peace: An End&#34; and &#34;Cadence and Cascade&#34; with Greg Lake's guide vocal (which would have worked perfectly on the album with some additional overdubs and just a backing vocal for Lake) which I'm surprised that Fripp didn't use. Lake couldn't finish it because he was busy with Emerson, Lake and Palmer.<br /><br />The second disc (a DVD) features the entire album remixed in lossless as well as  original mix (from the 30th anniversary remaster) along with the single version of &#34;Cat Food&#34; and the original (and multiple versions of) &#34;Groon&#34;. The DVD features three versions of &#34;Cadence and Cascade&#34;--Lake's vocal version, an unedited take and the instrumental backing. The DVD is rounded out by a rehearsal version of &#34;The Devil's Triangle&#34; and an alternate take of &#34;Peace: An End (the same as on the CD).<br /><br />The best tracks here hint at a very different direction that might have been taken with the third album (Fripp and Sinfield went in a complete different direction than what was hinted at here) and some of the material is reworked from earlier written material (that KC played on their U.S. tour for &#34;In The Court of the Crimson King&#34;).<br /><br />For an alternate version of &#34;Cadence and Cascade&#34; (titled &#34;Is She Waiting&#34;--when Sinfield left the band he took his composition &#34;Flight of the Birdman&#34; which probably would have made up the bulk of side two of the original album if he had stayed with the band along with this composition (although the McDonald/Giles album uses different lyrics as Sinfield kept those and Fripp wrote new music for the lyrics) that uses the same melody and modified music check out the &#34;McDonald/Giles&#34; album that the former two KC members made after they left the band.<br /><br />The mastering here is pretty good (it was done by Fripp and Simon Heyworth) .<br /><br />The packaging is a digipak with plastic hubs for each one housed in a cardboard sleeve and a booklet with notes written by Sid Smith.acking. The DVD is rounded out by a rehearsal version of &#34;The Devil's Triangle&#34; and an alternate take of &#34;Peace: An End (the same as on the CD).  The best tracks here hint at a very different direction that might have been taken with the third album (Fripp and Sinfield went in a complete different direction than what was hinted at here) and some of the material is reworked from earlier written material (that KC played on their U.S. tour for &#34;In The Court of the Crimson King&#34;).  For an alternate version of &#34;Cadence and Cascade&#34; (titled &#34;Is She Waiting&#34;--when Sinfield left the band he took his composition &#34;Flight of the Birdman&#34; which probably would have made up the bulk of side two of the original album if he had stayed with the band along with this composition (although the McDonald/Giles album uses different lyrics as Sinfield kept those and Fripp wrote new music for the lyrics) that uses the same melody and modified music check out the &#34;McDonald/Giles&#34; album that the former two KC members made after they left the band.   The mastering here is pretty good (it was done by Fripp and Simon Heyworth) .  The packaging is a digipak with plastic hubs for each one housed in a cardboard sleeve and a booklet with notes written by Sid Smith.
0440219078|5.0|I read this book about a year ago and it made me react. I felt so sorry for the people who lived there. Then again, I felt sorry for Jonas because of everything that he had to go through. This book has an amazing plot but the ending is pretty hard to understand. It would be nice to know what  happened to Jonas and Gabe after leaving.
B000002J0G|5.0|I had heard a lot a criticism about this album. I feel that Chuck Billy and Eric Peterson proved that metal can't die, especially after Alex left. Regardless of Chuck's vocal style, this album is a big masterpiece. They  proved they can still play ballads with Trail Of Tears. But the best song,  bar none, is Dog Faced Gods. When you buy this album, listen to this song.  It will strike a nerve with you, guaranteed.
6302517036|5.0|fright night is a classic vampire movie made in the 1980s.  william ragsdale, one of the main characters in the movie, is a teenager who discovers his next door neighbor, the very sexy Chris Sarandon, is a  vampire.  by attempting to reveal to the community Chris's identity, he  enlists the help of an aging film star (roddy mcdowell).  when ragsdale  reallizes that the vampire is after his girlfriend (amanda bearse), he will  stop at nothing to save her, even if that means losing his life.      i  love this movie! i forst watched it when i was 11 and have rented it almost  every weekend after that.  i am now almost 17.  this movie is classic.   chris sarandon is the most gorgeous guy in the world.  he is  so seductive!  the chemistry between him and bearse is amazing.  ragsdale holds his own  and accurately depicts the typical dramas of teenager's lives, reacting to  most situations the same.  stephen geofferys is also an excellent edition  to the movie.  evil is a classic outcast who relies on the vamp to relieve  his pain.  AWESOME MOVIE!
B0000029DD|5.0|Apart from the odd Christian friend that looked at me side ways for owning a Pink Floyd CD, I doubt that any recording has caused more tension among visitors than this album.  Because Jeff Buckley is so expressive when he  sings, those looking for pure entertainment and mindless catchy tunes seem  to freak at this weirdo with the falsetto that God took so much time in  making. What are they afraid of, having to think about what they're  listening to? Me thinks so.  This album is no mistake.  I believe he  released it knowing the love/hate effect it would have on people. The  variety of songs and styles reflect that. He achieved much in a short time  and caused many peole around the world to convert to thinking Music.  <br />Lover You Should've... is a personal dream song for me. I just love the  way it builds up. Mojo Pin is an ecclectic but very satisfying song that  takes me on journey's rarely managed by other bands  (early U2 and  Radiohead are the exceptions here) and Last Goodbye is so damn sad! (but  very good)This is truly a great album. <br />If you no have, you loose.   Simple really.
B00000K2SC|4.0|First of all I would like to say that this is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It was incredibly well done and very enjoyable. I bought the DVD version for my computer and that was the only area in which I was  disappointed. I have a G3 and playing it in my DVD drive was quite  problematic. I had to go through special steps just to get it to play and  then it repeated scenes while playing. I was not happy with teh formatting  chosen by WB but when I finally got it to play it was incredible. would  recommend to anyone with a regular DVD player.
B0000029DD|5.0|Apart from the odd Christian friend that looked at me side ways for owning a Pink Floyd CD, I doubt that any recording has caused more tension among visitors than this album.  Because Jeff Buckley is so expressive when he  sings, those looking for pure entertainment and mindless catchy tunes seem  to freak at this weirdo with the falsetto that God took so much time in  making. What are they afraid of, having to think about what they're  listening to? Me thinks so.  This album is no mistake.  I believe he  released it knowing the love/hate effect it would have on people. The  variety of songs and styles reflect that. He achieved much in a short time  and caused many peole around the world to convert to thinking Music.  <br />Lover You Should've... is a personal dream song for me. I just love the  way it builds up. Mojo Pin is an ecclectic but very satisfying song that  takes me on journey's rarely managed by other bands  (early U2 and  Radiohead are the exceptions here) and Last Goodbye is so damn sad! (but  very good)This is truly a great album. <br />If you no have, you loose.   Simple really.
0446525537|3.0|After reading the authors earlier works, I have to say I was some what disappointed with his latest effort. Don't get me wrong, Mr Sparks is a fantastic author and his books are great but this novel lacked the emotion  and detail of The Notebook and Message In A Bottle.... Read if you must but  don't expect the same reaction of the other two.
B00000IPAX|5.0|one of the greatest albums i've ever heard.....i'm currently waiting for the rest of the blink albums as i have them on order......listen to 'mutt' as much as poss, give adam's song a miss but then listen to 'aliens exist'  every day!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|If you have heard 'I knew I loved you' then this cd is for you. A blend of pop and soft ballads this album is brillant. Compared to their debut, Darren and Daniel have come a long way...their songs and Darren's  voice...fantastic. You can 'feel' they have lived and learned...and then  reflected...buy it...you will be glad you did.
B000002TYK|4.0|the first time I heard this CD i thought it was FAR too heavy, but after 2 or 3 listens it sure begins to grow a lot...........sure it's not as good as the colour and the shape, but it is a great cd, even if it's not quite  melodious enough, give 'good grief' a miss.....but play floaty, big me, and  this is a call reall loud!
6300263673|5.0|If you like Grease, you'll fall in love with this movie and never, want to stop watching it. If you did not like Grease but like dancing and music this is also a movie for you. It has a great plot and story and the music  and dancing is so awesome. I actually like this movie more then Grease  because the music ( in Grease ) gets anoying the 2nd or 3rd time around.
6302420245|5.0|This movie is one of my all time favorite movies.  Of all the movies that I have seen that Gary Grant and Doris Day have done, this one is the best.  It has all the elments that make it a classic.  It has the humor and some  drama, it is a wonderful love story with a ending that is a classic for  it's time. If you haven't seen this movie I highly recommend it especially  if you are a fan of older movies.
B000031WD9|5.0|This movie is an instant classic. It is full of up and coming(yes, there is a pun intended) stars. I will never see pastry in the same light again. I give it 5 stars. I laughed till I cried. Honestly
B0000027RL|5.0|I am what you would call an avid fan of Pearl Jam. I have all their albums, many of their bootlegs, have seen them live, and have basically been obsessed with them for several years. There is no doubt in my mind  that this is their greatest album, and probably one of the greatest albums  I have ever heard. It was Pearl Jam at their raw best, and although the  latter albums are just as good in many ways, this one really sets the high  standard for the ones to follow. I think that the comment some people have  made regarding the over hyped songs on this album such as Black and Alive  being annoyingly overplayed is not fair. They are played excessively  because they are good songs, and actual fans of the band should be pleased  that Pearl Jam is getting the exposure it deserves. Black, i believe, along  with Release make this album what it is. They are passionate and beautiful  accounts of experiences Eddie has had, and I believe that the truth behind  them had made them as beautiful as they are.They truth behind the entire  album has really made it what it is. It is exceptionally well produced, and  flows like a river into song from song, one of producer's main aims. This  is an astonishing first album from a band that, eight years after it's  release, still has so much to offer. Well worth the money!
0785787135|5.0|I first read Mists of Avalon more than ten years ago.  At the time, I read it on a dare.  I was told that I would never make it through its more than 800 pages, so I was determined to do so.<br />I have revisited the novel many  times, and have, in fact, re-read it four other times.  Each time I see  more and more in it.  The first reading changed my life, as trite as that  sounds.  I could not have told you how it changed my life, but I definitely  felt my lifeview shift.<br />The novel's messages of &quot;all the gods are  one&quot; and &quot;the goddess is within us&quot; and &quot;we are our  mothers, our aunts, our acquaintances&quot; are powerful guideposts for  those who are seeking.  Each time I read the novel, I get a clearer view of  who I am and what I believe.<br />Mists of Avalon is a compelling re-telling  of the King Arthur legend.  Its lessons are also heart-searing.
0060392584|3.0|I guess I was expecting more out of this even though it was a good read.  It covers his childhood very well and does and OK job with his music experiences/friendships/loves etc.  But I guess I would have enjoyed a  closer look as to where this guy really comes from in terms of why his  music is like it is and where he sees himself in the realm of  &quot;pop&quot; icons.  Didn't happen for me but worthwhile reading anyway.
B000002LFZ|5.0|This CD has some of their best songs and I would recommend this to anyone. Fleetwood Mac has a sound all their own and I remember listening to many of these songs in the 70's. All in all it is a terrific greatest hits  collection.
B000031WD9|4.0|As far as comedies go, &quot;American Pie&quot; was rich, humorous and touching in an unsentimental way. Still one can't watch a movie like this without feeling a sudden rush of empathy and a terrifying flashback to  one's own awkward youth.<br />Grotesque, hillarious, and highly original. I  recommend this movie for all but the faint of heart.
B000002GQH|4.0|That's the title to the lyric you posted.  This is a lovely album, a little less pretentious than some of their other efforts.  Send Me No Wine is a joy.
0792140923|5.0|How could anyone not like this movie?  This kind of movie is what makes going to the movies worth it.  Tom Hanks - who else could have played Forrest?  He WAS Forrest Gump.  He deserved the Oscar.  And the movie  deserved its Best Picture Oscar.  This movie was like a box of chocolates -  it was GOOD!
B00000DHRZ|2.0|Early in the 90's, the Offspring released a self titled CD, followed by Ignition -- two fantastic CDs!  Then came Smash, which is one of the single best punk records ever. That was followed by Ixnay on the Hombre, which was  pretty good. But here comes Americana, filled with pop songs written to  make money, but can you blame them? If you're looking for the good stuff  you've come to expect from this little punk group, I don't suggest you buy  this album.
6304765231|5.0|The Crow is a action-packed, yet poignant tale of Eric Draven, who comes back from the grave to avenge the deaths of himself and his girlfriend.  THe movie achieves a perfect balance of romance, action and dark imagery,  only highlighted by the untimely death of the star, Brandon Lee.  This  definitely would have been a breakthrough movie for his career.   Unfortunately, Hollywood is left with a void of young action stars.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|When i received this cd for Christmas i was a little nervous it wouldn't be as good as the first one. As soon as i heard the first song i knew it was as good or better. Savage Garden is awesome!
B000002H92|4.0|The Doors were notorious for inconsistent performances, and some of the tracks here are  a bit weak in the instrumental department.  Worse, on the 'Absolutely Live' part, the guitar  was played mostly with a fat  reverb-less sound that sounds kind of 'dead' and doesn't do the music  justice.  I can't listen to this version of 'The End', for instance,  because the studio version is so much better.  On the other hand, there is  a lot of excellent playing here as well, and the band (especially guitarist  Robbie Krieger) gives a superb account of itself throughout the 'Alive She   Cried' part.  The playing on 'Light My Fire' far  transcends that on the  studio version, which is saying a great deal.  <br />In general this CD is a  real eye-opener for anyone who still thinks the Doors couldn't play.
6305718903|3.0|This movie, often billed under the category of &quot;supernatural thriller&quot; or &quot;horror movie&quot;, in my opinion is difficult to define entirely by either label though I suppose it has its moments which allude to these descriptions. Stigmata presents a good story, complete with intrigue and emotion, nice special effects and a quite surprisingly hard hitting message that leaves the viewer with some measurable food for contemplation. <br />The story is about a 23-year-old hairdresser by the name of Frankie Paige (Patricia Arquette) who also happens to be an atheist. She's just an ordinary non-religious person, with ordinary friends. After Frankie's mother sends her a gift, which happens to be a cross from a deceased stigmata priest in Brazil, things change. She begins to experience the phenomenon of stigmata; bleeding like Jesus Christ did on the cross with wounds appearing in her hands, feet, head and back. Frankie's stigmata experience is also accompanied by intense visions of the crucifixion of Christ which are portrayed more violently and dramatically then I had seen in any other movie which depicted the crucifixion of Jesus. Frankie's disturbing encounters, which she can't understand, causes her to go to doctors and psychologists who determine she must either be suicidal or epileptic. Her chance encounter with a local Catholic priest brings a Vatican investigator, Andrew Kiernan (Gabriel Byrne), to document her episodes. Confronted with the powerful force that has taken control of Frankie, Kiernen immediately recognizes this phenomenon as an actual miracle of God. She has become a messenger for God to reveal a lost Gospel supposed to have been written by Jesus Himself. This revelation uncovers a conspiracy to keep the Catholic Church, not Jesus, as central to faith. Former priests come forward to validate the truth of this so-called Gospel by Jesus. Frankie and Andrew develop a unique friendship as the film progresses, and eventually both are met individually with their own confrontation of the question of faith over religion as well as to deal with the conspiracy at hand which has some officials in the ranks of the Catholic Church prepared to pursue whatever means necessary to silence the messenger and the Gospel she is compelled by her experience to convey. The intensity builds as the story progresses, leading the audience to a dramatic and powerful close.<br />To say any more would be to spoil the climax and conclusion of this movie, but I will say that what was most striking to me was the message conveyed through the film that &quot;the Kingdom of God is within you... not in mansions of wood and stone...&quot; signifying that God is not found in mere religious structure or traditions of men, but He is living and real and desires to indwell the hearts of people. Of course anyone familiar with their Bible knows that this message is boldly conveyed throughout the Scriptures and not merely in some lost pages of an ancient alleged Gospel, but the movie confronts the topic of faith head on and I feel does so brilliantly. The interesting twist of this picture is that God uses an atheist to proclaim His message; someone completely non-religious who is touched by religion in a very disturbing yet powerful and intimate way - in that she is identified with Christ through His sufferings. <br />Probably not a whole lot of Christians will jump at the opportunity to buy this film, because of some of its disturbing scenes and language at points, not to mention the &quot;dark&quot; feel of the movie (which includes themes of demonic possession, crucifixion, etc.).  That is completely understandable and I certainly wouldn't classify this film as a &quot;Christian&quot; movie, but I would recommend it nonetheless because no matter your religious affiliation, the movie is powerful and the story is great and makes some strong points about religion versus relationship. There is also a short clip that portrays a very strong anti-abortion message, which was quite surprising as well.  The film-work, acting and even the music was decent. I gave it three stars because there are better movies out there and this one is on the &quot;dark side&quot; as far as movies go.  I would also classify it as not appropriate for children because of some bad language at times and disturbing, violent scenes. I saw it twice at the theater and enjoyed it both times.  I have both the DVD version (which is great because there is commentary through the movie by the director) and the VHS.
B00000F1D3|5.0|The first time I heard Believe, it was on the radio.  In an instant I knew that I loved the beat of the music and the lyrics too.  I could not believe that this was Cher's music.  As the song got more popular, I decided that I  had to checkout her CD.  So I went out and bought it.  I loved it.  This is  a great CD to get a party started and going on all night.  If you are a  Cher fan, definitely buy it.  If you are not a Cher fan, it will definitely  get you dancing.  I took this CD on my Spring Break vacation to Acapulco  and all of my friends loved it.  People that had never heard it before  wanted to know who it was and where could they buy it.  I give Cher 5 stars  for a great CD!
630476524X|1.0|This was a very weak sequel to the original story.  As many others have commented, this was simply a rehash of the original story, but with a poorly written screenplay, no character development, and poor overall  execution.  This should never have been made.
6302973724|5.0|This CD rocks all the way through, and is DM raw all the way through. What's awesome is they have a lot of the older songs mixed with a few of their newer ones that are in the same caliber.
B00000JJQK|5.0|Pet Sounds is probably one of the best albums I heard in my life. <br />Brian Wilson definitely reached the top of his creativity in 1966. He was a blatant genious at this time. My favorite songs are Wouldn't It Be Nice,  You Still Believe In Me, I'm Waiting For The Day, Sloop John B, God Only  Knows and Here Today.
B000002WYT|4.0|CRASH, is a very good, but not a great album. it has many great songs, but some songs just seem to flutter away from the listener. fans new to dmb might try UNDER THE TABLE, or LIVE AT LUTHER, first.  although i don't  believe that it deserves five stars, CRASH has some of dave's best. 'two  step', 'so much to say', 'crash into me', and '#41', are all songs that  make this one worth purchasing.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Okay...there is a sticker that says &quot;Explicit Lyrics&quot; but they really aren't THAT bad.  &quot;Dysentery Gary&quot; has the majority of the curses...the &quot;f&quot; word shows up more than 3 times, but if you ask  me, any teenager can hear that in school anyway.  Compared to other CDs  that have been stickered, &quot;Enema of the State&quot; is mild.  The  songs rule...&quot;Adam's Song&quot; is the best, I think.
0385484518|2.0|Mitch Albom's Tuesdays with Morrie is far from a great work of writing.  It is generally trite and overtly sappy/sentimental.  Morrie Schwartz was undoubtedly a nice man, and possibly intelligent -- but please, the book is  boring.
B00001QEE5|3.0|IT IS SAD THAT DISNEY HAS BECOME THE MULTIZILLION DOLLAR INSTITUTION THAT IT HAS.  IF IT WAS STILL UNDER THE WATCHFUL CARING EYES OF WALT DISNEY HIMSELF, I DON'T THINK THE DVD VERSION OF THIS MOVIE I JUST PURCHASED WOULD  BE THE SAME.  THE MOVIE OF COURSE IS AS GREAT AS IT ALWAYS WAS - A WONDER  OF ARTISTRY &amp; FANTASY SEAMLESSLY BLENDED TOGETHER. THE COLORS ARE AS  BEAUTIFUL AS EVER.  THE SOUND IS O.K., BUT I WOULD THINK THAT DISNEY COULD  DO SOMETHING IN THE WAY OF RESTORATION AS FAR AS THE HISS THAT IS VERY  NOTICEABLE - ESPECIALLY IN THE LOUDER PASSAGES.  <br />I ALSO AM NO DUMMY WHEN  IT COMES TO GENERAL DVD KNOWLEDGE, BUT I WAS TOTALLY CONFUSED LOOKING AT  THE BACK OF THE DVD CASE AS TO WHETHER THIS MOVIE WAS A WIDESCREEN VERSION  OR FULL SCREEN.  IT CLEARLY STATES IN MINISCULE LETTERS UNDER THE RUNNING  TIME THAT PETER PAN IS PRESENTED IN ITS ORIGINAL THEATRICAL ASPECT RATIO,  APPROX. 1.33:1. I (AND PROBABLY ANYONE ELSE BESIDES ROGER EBERT) WOULD  GUESS THAT THIS MEANS IT APPEARS AS IT WAS ORIGINALLY SHOWN IN THEATRES -  WIDESCREEN!  I WAS MORE THAN TICKED TO FIND LATER THAT IT IS IN FACT A PAN  AND SCAN VERSION, AND AFTER PAYING NOT A SMALL SUM OF MONEY, I FEEL A  LITTLE ROOKED.<br />MY SUGGESTION IS TO KEEP WATCHING THAT WORN OUT VHS COPY  UNTIL DISNEY DECIDES TO INVEST A LITTLE MORE IN ONE OF THEIR CROWN  ACHIEVEMENTS. OH AND DON'T WORRY TOO MUCH ABOUT THAT LIMITED ISSUE NONSENSE  MEANING THAT THEY ONLY MANUFACTURE EACH MOVIE TITLE ON A LIMITED NUMBER RUN  ONLY ONCE PER GENERATION (WITH DISNEY, GENERATIONS ARE BORN QUITE OFTEN).   RIGHT NOW, THEY OBVIOUSLY ARE HAVING A GIGANTIC CASE OF TIGHTWADITIS AND  YET ARE STILL PRICING THEIR TITLES WELL ABOVE OTHER STUDIOS. SAD, SAD,  SAD!<br />I ONLY HOPE WE ALL CAN SEE THIS MOVIE IN ITS FULL WIDESCREEN GLORY  AND SOUND SOON!   PETER PAN IN ITSELF IS STILL MAGICAL!
B000002KFJ|5.0|This is Sabbath's most underrated album.  Despite the presence of two monstrous riff-mongers in &quot;Hole in the Sky&quot; and Symptom of the Universe&quot; and some remarkably good art-rock experimentation, this  album just doesn't have the notoriety of the previous five.   &quot;Meglomania&quot; is an awesome multi-part epic, &quot;Supertzar&quot;  predicts future doom metal moves by featuring a choir and some haunting  classical influence.  Overall, this ends up being the darkest prog-rock  album ever, a masterpiece of psychosis and insane creativity.
B00000DHRZ|1.0|This is not music! this is nothing! it's so ugly and annoying... this band is horrible, they can't even write one &quot;normal&quot; songs, they are all bad and amazingly simple. geesh, the music of today is sooo bad :(
B000002OVJ|5.0|Live at Leeds is quite simply the greatest live album of all time. Check out Amazing Journey (track 10) about half a minute into the song, when the band really breaks into it, is one of my favorite moments in music.  The  drumming is absolutly unbelievalbe.  Also be sure not to skip &quot;I'm a  Boy&quot;, as I did for years, what a mistake on my part, when I finally  listend to it all the way through I was blown away.  Finally be patient for  the 14 minute &quot;My Generation&quot; medly, it's worth listening all the  way through.
B00001QEE5|3.0|IT IS SAD THAT DISNEY HAS BECOME THE MULTIZILLION DOLLAR INSTITUTION THAT IT HAS.  IF IT WAS STILL UNDER THE WATCHFUL CARING EYES OF WALT DISNEY HIMSELF, I DON'T THINK THE DVD VERSION OF THIS MOVIE I JUST PURCHASED WOULD  BE THE SAME.  THE MOVIE OF COURSE IS AS GREAT AS IT ALWAYS WAS - A WONDER  OF ARTISTRY &amp; FANTASY SEAMLESSLY BLENDED TOGETHER. THE COLORS ARE AS  BEAUTIFUL AS EVER.  THE SOUND IS O.K., BUT I WOULD THINK THAT DISNEY COULD  DO SOMETHING IN THE WAY OF RESTORATION AS FAR AS THE HISS THAT IS VERY  NOTICEABLE - ESPECIALLY IN THE LOUDER PASSAGES.  <br />I ALSO AM NO DUMMY WHEN  IT COMES TO GENERAL DVD KNOWLEDGE, BUT I WAS TOTALLY CONFUSED LOOKING AT  THE BACK OF THE DVD CASE AS TO WHETHER THIS MOVIE WAS A WIDESCREEN VERSION  OR FULL SCREEN.  IT CLEARLY STATES IN MINISCULE LETTERS UNDER THE RUNNING  TIME THAT PETER PAN IS PRESENTED IN ITS ORIGINAL THEATRICAL ASPECT RATIO,  APPROX. 1.33:1. I (AND PROBABLY ANYONE ELSE BESIDES ROGER EBERT) WOULD  GUESS THAT THIS MEANS IT APPEARS AS IT WAS ORIGINALLY SHOWN IN THEATRES -  WIDESCREEN!  I WAS MORE THAN TICKED TO FIND LATER THAT IT IS IN FACT A PAN  AND SCAN VERSION, AND AFTER PAYING NOT A SMALL SUM OF MONEY, I FEEL A  LITTLE ROOKED.<br />MY SUGGESTION IS TO KEEP WATCHING THAT WORN OUT VHS COPY  UNTIL DISNEY DECIDES TO INVEST A LITTLE MORE IN ONE OF THEIR CROWN  ACHIEVEMENTS. OH AND DON'T WORRY TOO MUCH ABOUT THAT LIMITED ISSUE NONSENSE  MEANING THAT THEY ONLY MANUFACTURE EACH MOVIE TITLE ON A LIMITED NUMBER RUN  ONLY ONCE PER GENERATION (WITH DISNEY, GENERATIONS ARE BORN QUITE OFTEN).   RIGHT NOW, THEY OBVIOUSLY ARE HAVING A GIGANTIC CASE OF TIGHTWADITIS AND  YET ARE STILL PRICING THEIR TITLES WELL ABOVE OTHER STUDIOS. SAD, SAD,  SAD!<br />I ONLY HOPE WE ALL CAN SEE THIS MOVIE IN ITS FULL WIDESCREEN GLORY  AND SOUND SOON!   PETER PAN IN ITSELF IS STILL MAGICAL!
B000002KHH|5.0|This album stomps the debut and everything else at the time.  This is the seminal heavy metal album, the one that showed the way for every heavy band ever since.  The title song, &quot;War Pigs, and &quot;Iron Man&quot; are  standards, still covered by millions of metal bands.  Pencil-necked rock  critics hated the band, parents hated the band, everyone hated the band  except the kids that listened to them.  That's usually a pretty good  indicator that a band is doing something different.  Nothing else in the  early 70s touches this, only Deep Purple, Zeppelin at their heaviest, and a  handful of obscure, forgotten bands even coming close.  Contrary to popular  belief, this album and most of Sabbath's subsequent albums, have little to  do with the occult.  Most of the songs deal with depression, alienation,  mental illness, and anti-war themes.  Of course, Sabbath's dark and  pessimistic viewpoint was still pretty out-of-place for the times.  For  anyone that's down and out, this album provides a great soundtrack.  This  is Sabbath's most popular album, but don't stop here.  Pretty much  everything they released through 1982 is worth hearing.
B00000DGUY|4.0|This remastered very best of replaces the 1988 Money For Nothing. On first glance one quickly notices how similar this compilation is to its predecessor. <br />It features the same single edits of Private  Investigations, Money For Nothing, and Brothers In Arms. Both also seem to  reflect the UK in terms of hits singles represented (the above mentioned  Private Investigations, Tunnel of Love).<br />However, one would have wished  it reflected the domestic market as well. Though Tunnel of Love is a  strongly written track off of Making Movies, I would have much preferred  Skateaway which was a hit single. This also neglects Industrial Disease  from Love Over Gold as did its predecessor.<br />Though this does hit all the  albums up to the live album, On The Night, Your Latest Trick (live) and  Local Hero/Wild Theme (live) are less interesting and could have been  dropped in favor of older material such as Down To The Waterline (which was  on Money For Nothing).<br />However, HDCD mastering, the inclusions of hit  songs from On Every Street, make this a slightly better retrospective than  the one replaced. And since Warner Brothers was supposed to remaster the  Dire Straits catalog several years ago as was done in the UK, and hasn't  (no surprise there), this is the only way to get remastered Dire Straits.  <br />However, I strongly recommend you track down these remastered imports.  Brothers In Arms, Making Movies, and Love Over Gold are worth the effort  and sound superb!
B000002NAK|5.0|I have listened to so many musicals and this is by far the best one yet. I was a little reluctant to see this movie because I wasn't sure Madonna would do the best job of playing the role of Eva Peron. I was wrong. She  did very well and I am now going to get the soundtrack with her voice. I  love all the songs. I can't believe that there isn't one that I don't like.  They are all so different than what I am used to hearing.  Eva Peron was  such an extraordinary person. I am glad that the musical about her has  become such a success!
B000002B9I|5.0|\\"Abriendo Puertas\\" just edges out \\"Mi Tierra\\" as Gloria's best album to date.  (Both of those albums would be on my very short list of the best  albums anybody released in the 1990s.)  \\"Abriendo Puertas\\" (\\"Opening  Doors\\") fuses a variety of Latin and Caribbean styles into something new,  positive, and exciting.  It is an outstanding concept album, greater as a  whole than the sum of its parts.  Gloria's singing is terrific here.  Her  greatest strength as a vocalist is her ability to effortlessly dance her  voice through complicated rhythms that would stop other divas with greater  range and purer voices cold.  What also makes this album so special are the  highly creative, challenging, energetic charts by Kike Santander, the  just-right and seamless production of Emilio Estefan and Kike Santander and  sound achieved by recording engineer Eric Schilling, and... wow... the searing  performances by Gloria's band and backup singers.  Everything is firing on  all cylinders here.  Don't shy away from this album just because you don't  speak Spanish.  (I don't.)  You don't need to speak Spanish to understand  and appreciate the vibrant energy and positive message of this CD.
0684847817|5.0|This book is a complement to my culture of faeryland. It captures the very essence of the goodness and badness in our world. It also provides as a great guide for helping you not run into some of the evil beings like  hobyahs.
B00001OH7J|4.0|I am listening to this CD as I write and am struck with the speed and ease tha guy moved over a guitar neck.  &quot;Cruise On Out&quot;, &quot;Shin Kicker&quot; (a favorite from his live shows) both showcase the ease in  which he and his band created a mood that energized his audiences.  His  grasp of the blues was so elemental.  Hard clean riffs that were backed by  some of the best slide guitar ever.  I would have loved to have heard Rory  and Duane Allman with a couple of acoustic or steel guitars and a bottle  neck...
B00001ZULV|3.0|A group like Genesis deserved at least a double CD treatment.  For the casual fan, this disc will probably be OK.  If that fan decides to dig further and listen to all of, let's say, 'Trick of the Tail' or 'Duke',  then they will realize they've been shortchanged.  Not only are the songs  edited, too many key album tracks and other hit songs are missing from this  collection.  Take this from someone who has everything from 'Trick of the  Tail' on up.  The earlier work doesn't grab me as much, but there are many  worthy tunes from that period that could have been included here.  Skip  this CD and explore the albums instead.
0195067142|5.0|With so many other reviews, I'll just make this short.  This is an excellent book by Sledge.  It tells the true horrors Marines in the Pacific saw and the fear they felt in plain, blunt terms.  This is one of the best  memoirs written by anyone about any war and I would recommend it to anyone,  not just people who enjoy history.
B00000JPH6|5.0|The remastered version of this film is of the best quality ever. The colors are sharper than ever before the sound quality is superb. Jim Henson is truly a master of the film art! With Frank Oz bt his side in the making  of this great film the limits are endless. The documentray portion on here  was just as exciting to watch as the movie itself. This is a must have for  any REAL movie collector. GREAT JOB!
6305177473|5.0|I think the Parent Trap was a great film because I liked the way Lindsey Lohan (twins) plays twp roles at once. And at first i didn't know that she played both because she was so good at the different accents. i think the  nanny is very funny and the best bit of the film is when they're at camp. I  would reccomend it to ANYONE!
B00003000M|5.0|This CD is a wonderful tribute.  I especially loved &quot;Kinky Reggae&quot;...Hearing all of our current artists, like MC Lyte, the Roots, and of course, Lauryn Hill, paired with this legend is music to my ears..no  pun intended. :o)
B00000K19E|1.0|For whatever reason, Amazon didn't like my first review, so I'm going to try this again:  for all of you who think that The Matrix is so great, I'd reccomend you check out Grant Morrison's comic book The Invisibles.  When I  saw The Matrix, I felt like I was just seeing a poorly-done Invisibles  rehash.  This isn't a daring or original movie, just a watered-down version  of an intelligent story that began unfolding in 1994.
B0000399WI|4.0|This is a good movie, but this first release on DVD is disappointing. Expect a Collector's Edition in the near future, perhaps when &quot;Green Mile&quot; comes to DVD. In the meantime be warned, this DVD has few extras  and NO COMMENTARY TRACK.
B000002BBY|5.0|i'm a huge Oasis fan and i think this is their best album. even though be here now didn't impressed me that much.. i still love them. For those of you who like Oasis, i suggest u to buy this CD. but for those of you who  hate Oasis, just give it a try. you might like it. I like every songs in  this album except Hey now. You can play it without skipping any tracks.
B000007ODL|4.0|For those musing into J.J. Cale for the first time, this is the first CD to purchase. A concise overview, &quot;Special Edition,&quot; is available at a lesser price, but the sound suffers.  The most comprehensive  compilation, &quot;Anyway The Wind Blows,&quot; is also available, as are  standard versions of Cale's entire catalog.  All said and done, &quot;Very  Best&quot; is the recommended starting point with J.J. Cale.
0671027344|5.0|In this book I became aware that in highschool many things that are not said in the open are often the things most dealt with everyday.In this book, you are able to see when life in like for the people that truly do look beyond themselves.You also see a moral that has been there all along,  but isn't printed until the end. I hope everyone enjoys this book as much  as I did. But, you need to read it for yourself and come up with your own  conclusions.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I bought Fiona's other album, Tidal, and found it to be ok. I only really liked two songs on it. They were shadowboxer, and criminal. This album is incredible! I only bought it yesterday, but I have listened to it over and  over.<br />I love the songs:<br />Fast as you can, Limp, Paper Bag, Mistake, and  Get Gone.<br />I also enjoyed the rest of them. The only suggestion to anyone  that is to buy this is, Here endings on songs are sometimes a bit too long.  It seems it should end, but it goes on with some kind of a drum medley.  Over all this is a must get album. Also, read the cover...it is  interestiong! You go FIONA!
B000031XCR|5.0|Rarely do you buy a CD where every track (in this case 16 of them) is a &quot;knock out&quot; song. This CD is one of them! From the sweet melodies &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; and &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; to the  high energy, dynamic &quot;That's the Way Love Is&quot;, this is Celine at  her very best.
B000031XCR|5.0|I'll admit I never bought an entire Celine Dion CD before, though I've enjoyed her hits here and there and bought the singles.  But this compilation made it easy to change my old habit because it has simply  EVERYTHING GREAT she's ever recorded.  I can take her voice in small doses,  so maybe I won't play it from beginning to end all the time, but I did  enjoy all her new stuff plus the best of the soundtrack hits from the past  5 years.  Buy this CD if you're a die-hard Celine fan, or even a minimal  one.  It's enjoyable.
0767903811|4.0|Really enjoyed this book (sold in Australia as Notes from a Big Country). It makes me want to visit the USA, and bears out some of my brother Matt's observations about Americans: ie. the lack of understanding of irony (Matt  lived in Los Angeles for 2 years). Hope that Bill Bryson's forthcoming book  on Australia is as insightful.
0800135954|5.0|I'm not a big fan of lengthy period films, but Legends scores big with me here.  The story is truly engrossing.  You will WANT to see what happens to Tristan and his brothers.  Performances are strong by Pitt, Quinn, Hopkins  and Ormand.  Aside from superb acting, this film is beautiful to watch with  breathtaking cinematography.  The musical score is appropriately  &quot;sweeping&quot; yet not overbearing.  At slightly over 3 hours, it's  best to watch this one in just one sitting since you'll follow the  characters more smoothly this way.  I found myself almost not wanting their  stories to end!
1558908358|2.0|A studio that is just woefully out of touch. They choose to release very high-priced DVDs with no extras and in the case of Tron, completely omit the material they already had on the laserdisc version.  It's almost as if  they think they are somehow above the other studios who produce beautiful  anamorphic transfers loaded with extras for much less than this. Disney's  view is:  these are classics and people will do whatever we say to own  them. Well, not so.  I refuse to support any company that behaves this way,  especially one whose last several theatrical animated efforts (Toy Story 2  and A Bugs Life excepted) have been very sloppy with poor stories.  My  dream is that the stock holders revolt and some of these people get  replaced.  You have to really wonder who's minding the store at some of  these studios and why they are allowed to keep their jobs.  Tron is a movie  that gets better and better.  But who's going to buy it when you KNOW there  will be another release with all the extras from the old laser disc
0780625129|5.0|If you believe racism isn't real, DON'T SEE THIS FILM. If you believe there is no such force as Satan, DON'T SEE THIS FILM. If you think America is racially divided because of slavery or the Hollocaust and that since  these horrors ended decades ago America should move on with life as if they  never existed, DON'T SEE THIS FILM. Why am I advising this?  Because  American History X will virtually and without a doubt SHATTER any thought  you have ever had about why racism is OR is not wrong!<br />You will react  to this film, you will be enraged by what you see, you will remember  certain scenes for a very long time.  Edward Norton is a scary yet powerful  actor and because this story is so sadly on target for today's society, it  will hurt you to watch it.  But do it anyway, no matter how  &quot;right&quot; you feel your thinking is.<br />TEACHERS:  An excellent film  for high school students, provided they are warned about very disturbing  violence and language.  Parental permission advised.
B000021Y77|3.0|I enjoyed this in the theater, but found it another in a series of what if we look at an event several different ways (&quot;Rashomon&quot;-style).  Like Sliding Doors and Go, this film was fun.  It wears thin by the end,  though, along with the MTV-type editing techniques.
6305128944|4.0|Redford, aged to perfection here, is memorable as the Horse Whisperer.  Your heart will ache for PILGRIM and his innocent but fiesty young rider, and you will journey with the family as they struggle with the pain of  loss, love and healing. A good family film.
1572522089|5.0|I loved this film. I did think it was a bit overlong. Rashomon bests this, but this is still slightly better than Yojimbo. But everything is exellent. There are some truly beautiful visuals. This definatly ranks with Kwaidan  and Gate of Hell as one of Japan's most beautiful films. Toru Takemitsu's  score is horrifyingly beautiful. This film has one of the most horrifyingly  beautiful endings as well. Also, I think that this film doesn't deserve an  R rating. I think it deserves PG-13. There was some blood but there was  nothing trully R rating. There isn't even any cursing. This is an OK video  transfer. I thought that this film had a 2.35:1 aspect ratio and it's  presented in 1.85:1. The letterbox appearance is also not to good, it's  just one big black bar at the bottom. All in all recommended to Kurosawa  fans around the globe.
B00002Z88D|4.0|If you like Metallica, and especially if you occasionally enjoy more thunderous forms of classical music, you will love these CD's.  I also recommend them for anyone who loves Metallica and wishes to broaden their  horizons.  Jaymz's voice is a little weak (maybe out of respect?), and at  times the band and the orchestra aren't completely in sync, but it makes  for a &quot;fantastically ... discordant melody&quot; (quoting Edgar Allen  Poe, The Haunted Palace).  Lars is impressive in his ability to bring heavy   metal and symphony orchestra together - his drumming is a most driving and  talented framework that melds two distinct musical sectors.  I also  purchased the video and have just two words to say: Get it.  Most of the  musicians visibly enjoy performing with Metallica and really let their hair  down!
6304578482|5.0|I absolutely loved it!  Lisa Kudrow was fabulaus. If you like chick flicks then this is the movie for you.  Also, I thought it did a really good job of saying &quot;I'm going to be who I want to be and if you don't like it  than tough&quot; in a really funny way.  I know a lot of people like the  tormentors in that video and I thought it was really funny what happened to  them.  All in all I liked it.
B000002H97|5.0|This is probably the finest heavy metal album of the 90's and if yu have ANY interest in heavy metal you MUST own it
6304578482|5.0|I absolutely loved it!  Lisa Kudrow was fabulaus. If you like chick flicks then this is the movie for you.  Also, I thought it did a really good job of saying &quot;I'm going to be who I want to be and if you don't like it  than tough&quot; in a really funny way.  I know a lot of people like the  tormentors in that video and I thought it was really funny what happened to  them.  All in all I liked it.
B000001ZS5|4.0|Jarre's third studio-album is little known, but I think it is one of his finest efforts. The music is livelier, more up-tempo and rhythm-oriented than on previous albums. The centre piece is &quot;Part 1&quot;. It's  perhaps a bit lengthy, but the textures change enough to sustain the mood  of this 18-minute megawork. There are some nice sound effects, like an  air-fighter flying from one stereo channel to the other. &quot;Part 2&quot;  and &quot;Part 4&quot; are sequencer-driven songs while &quot;Part 3&quot;  is something of a link between these two tracks. It features a sampled  clock. Hello Chronologie! &quot;Part 5&quot; is the only bad track,  sounding like a pre-programmed demo of an old Casio keyboard. All in all,  this album is very good and it's truly a counterpart to Jarre's boombastic  and overblown '90s-work.
6300216748|5.0|THREE DAYS OF THE CONDOR is one of the finest espionage thrillers ever filmed. But it's not just entertaining. The script is thought-provoking and reflects fears and paranoias that still pervade our country's consciousness  today. Robert Redford has never been better. His character is a refreshing  hero who succeeds using his brain, not his brawn or some ridiculous  firepower. There are so many great supporting performances as well,  including Cliff Robertson, John Houseman and Faye Dunaway (who looks simply  gorgeous). Max VonSydow plays the ultimate assasin for hire, equalled only  by Edward Fox's turn in THE DAY OF THE JACKAL. The film's editing is  perfect and the music score (by Dave Grusin) still sounds great, (quite a  feat since the music from many films of this period sound terribly dated).  All in all, I consider this  possibly the best example of a domestic  (versus international) espionage thriller and faultless in all aspects of  production. The final freeze-frame shot is a stunner.
B000002BFZ|1.0|As a big pearl jam fan, i have been listening to them from their first cd. It was excellent, and i still do believe that it is their best. Since their first they have just been getting better and better until No Code came in.  I bought it straight away because I am such a fan. I put it in my CD player  and sat there thinking &quot;what a waste of money&quot;. If you've heard  Pearl Jam before and you like them then buy all of their cds, because they  are all good, all apart from No Code. It is a terrible failure.  Luckily,  they have made up with Yield.
079284209X|5.0|To dismiss RONIN as merely a great chase movie (which it surely is) or as only a well-made action/thriller (and it's that too) is missing a big part of the movie. To criticize the performances as too low-key or boring (as  some have written here) is also missing the point. This is the finest  glimpse into the mercenary lifestyle since THE DOGS OF WAR. The way each of  the _real_ mercenaries in the crew (people who have seen the film know what  I'm referring to here) acts is perfect for making the impression just how  dispassionate these men must be. They are professionals hired to do a job.  The lone passionate one among them stands out like a sore thumb. All the  actors shine in this film, but especially DeNiro, Reno and Skaarsgard (who  is ruthless in the extreme). I agree with many here that the chase scenes  are the best ever done (yes, even better than THE FRENCH CONNECTION). And  the gun battle in the streets of that French town is the equal of the one  in HEAT (although a lot shorter). But it is the twist and turns of the  plot, the world-weary cynicism that pervades the characters' lives, and the  stunning photography that elevates this film into the stratosphere. Plus,  the little set pieces, such as Reno and DeNiro's visit to Reno's retired  friend's house, add even more depth than you would expect to an already  well-textured film. RONIN is easily one of the best thrillers of this  decade or even of the last quarter-century. By the way, the DVD has an  optional alternate ending that is even more downbeat than the original! I'm  glad the theatrical version didn't use it!
B00000J7JO|5.0|After falling in love with &quot;Blood,Sugar,Sex,Magic&quot; I thought;&quot; Could these guys get any better?&quot; Well, I found my answer in &quot;Californication&quot;. Though not quite as wild as previous  albums, this is definetly the Peppers in their finest hour. With the return  of John Frusciante, the magic is recaptured, something that was somewhat  non existant in &quot;One Hot Minute&quot;. Anyway you slice in  &quot;Californication&quot; is a gem, definetly a must have amongst fans of  any popular music genre. From &quot;Easily&quot;(my fav) to &quot;Scar  Tissue&quot; to &quot;Emit Remmus&quot; you'll throughly enjoy the  brilliance that is &quot;Californication.&quot;
B00000K19E|4.0|The plot of this movie was. . . .  well. . . . a bit like a complicated saturday morning cartoon thing, as were some of the characters. And some of the dilaogue (not the acting, the dialogue) was kinda cheesy, but when you  take a story like that and put awesome special effects into it (meaning no  matter what you do, you can't tell its actually not real) you get something  that is just a blast to see. A word on the Format, i haven't actually seen  it on DVD, But i noticed it did a little squeezing on the actors on Deep  Blue Sea, which is a movie that rocks but i wish it had this movie's FX. Oh  well, don't take the matrix too seriously and you'll have a great time.
B00000I8DY|5.0|Excellent performance, excellent recording, the best interpretation I know. All this justifies the 5 star-ratings...then add the user friendly and well documented CD Rom... A must have!<br />Bravo Harmonia Mundi!
B0000027RL|5.0|This CD is easily the best of the decade including Nirvana's Nevermind which is so overrated. Every song is nothing short of amazing, and I am still waiting for a band to make a better CD, which will proabably never  happen, given the direction that music is headed in. If you don't like it,  then you are a moron, and know nothing about music at all. Long live Pearl  Jam.
6302820448|5.0|Well, I loved it too. And I too can't believe that it hasn't been recognized as one of the finest comedies ever made. I'm also surprised that no-one has put it in the same category with &quot;Joe vs the Volcano,&quot;  another terribly under-rated comedy with a very subtle sub-text.<br />I find  myself coming up the stairs at work humming &quot;I got you babe . .  .&quot; each and every morning.
068484267X|5.0|Honestly I've only read the excerpt, chapter one, but I swore a &quot;No!&quot;, when it was done, because now the rest is not in my hands to see. I have to rush to find the book tommorrow. Forget anything else I  had been reading. By heaven, it has touched my soul.  Thank you Frank  McCourt. I'd say bless you, but I'm no angel or a saint.
0425170055|3.0|What a page skipper. With the exception of the Op-Center series I have absolutely loved everything previously written by Tom Clancy. This book, however, is contrived, poorly researched and too long, with hero characters that you eventually wish would get shot.  It also seems that once Mr.  Clancy has written a paragraph he likes, he will slightly re-word it and  use it several more time throughout the book.  It was written more like a  serialized novel where he revisits the same information over and over in  case the reader was too stupid to remember it from 30 or 40 pages earlier.   I found myself not just skimming but fanning past entire chapters that had  little or no relevance to the plot line.
B00001ZWTT|3.0|Okay, look.  This movie isn't going to win any awards or anything, but it was NOT the wreck that everbody says it is.  I've seen far worse.  Will Smith is amiable as always, Kevin Kline is decent in his supporting role,  and Branagh makes a cool villain.  The F/X are well done and the DVD has a  ton of extras.   The down side is that the dialog is cheesy at times and  Selma Hyek seems to have no real purpose.  But, other than that, its fairly  entertaining.  Just check your brain before viewing and you'll be fine.
B00000ADG2|2.0|she is a good artist for these times but she is overrated and stated.a few good songs but the music sounds all the same.it ain't no thriller,songs in the key of life,what's going on,sparkle,superfly.to be more  blunt&amp;honest it's not as good as wycliff's disc.he tried to something  different at least.l-hill to me is a better producer than artist.
B000002C4J|5.0|Between her voice, her music, and the feeling she puts into each song she sings I can't help but listen to this CD at least two or three times a day. I have always been a fan, but I think this is one of her best!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|man, the RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE ALBUM is awesome!  the battle of los angeles is really great.  awesome songs like geurilla radio, born as ghosts and many others prove that this cd is awesome!  the guitars are awesome,  the wicked beats are awesome,  the rapping is awesome.  everything is just  great!  that one guy who said this CD was overrated can SUCK IT!
052594527X|5.0|I had the pleasure of discovering &quot;Girl&quot; in an Advanced Reading Copy. A small gem of a book, as lustrous and lovely and the pearl of its title, I recommend this first novel wholeheartedly. Tracy Chevalier's first  novel speaks in the lovely voice of her maidservant character, who  transports its reader to seventeeh century Delft and Vermeer's home and  studio. It's the kind of book that you want to run your hand over its cover  each time you close it.
B0000062S0|4.0|The failure of this album to sell big speaks volumes about thelegions of metalhead Zep fans who still haven't made it out of the 70s. It's not Zeppelin, but it may as well be- Zep was Page's child and he crafts  each song here the same way he did way back when. An early sense of  melancholy gives way to the heated excitement of the final five tracks, and  overall the guitar has an eerie &quot;Houses of the Holy&quot; feel. Page  is fantastic, and Plant sings like a man personally familiar with the  blues. The real blues, not the noise simulated by a thousand Zeppelin  imitators. A great live sound, also- Steve Albini wisely set up the mics  and got out of the way. And the drummer deserves to be sitting in for Bonzo
0385334176|5.0|Deadeye Dick grabbed me by the scruff and brought me into a world that i belived was real. Few authors are capable of such mastery. This novel has a powerful theme which is unique in many ways, and could not be realized in  the same manner by anyone but Vonnegut himself. Don't just read this book,  savor it like a literary delicasy.
6302800420|5.0|im so happy i already own this movie.  i don't know why they would stop making such a great movie.   it is my favorite.  and if you've never seen it, rent it and be prepaired for the greatest movie ever!  dustin hoffman  is one of the greatest actors and this movie can prove that.
0553573403|2.0|From what I've read below this seems to be a book you either love or hate. I am one of those who hated it. Martin seems to love making his &quot;good&quot; charaters suffer and letting his &quot;bad&quot;  characters win. The only good part of the book was torward the middle, both  the beginning and the end were dreadfully depressing. I felt like burning  the book after I finished reading it. The detailed sexual content didn't  help it any either. One of the below reviewers called this book a classic.  I won't argue. I've read most classics. While most were well-written, like  this book, most were also depressing, like this book.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I bought this cd, and I couldn't stop listening to it.  It's inspiring, and the lyrics are awesome.  There is a song for everyone, going from a first encounter infatuation (I Knew I Loved You) to an abusive relationship  (2 Beds and a Coffee Machine) to a Lover that's still in love with a dead  relationship (The Lover After Me) to a song for people who don't know their  lover's anymore (I Don't Know You Anymore)...Each song feels like it was  made for a specific person, and it literally reaches out to you...I suggest  you buy it.  If you have the 1st CD, this one is even better.
6300185249|5.0|Slapstick humor at it's best, the Money Pit will have you rolling!  No matter how many times my family and I watch this movie, it always makes us laugh ... not just giggles, but all-out belly laughs!  My favorite scene is  when the whole &quot;mouse trap&quot; that they've built around the house  comes crashing down after a series of mishaps.  The background music makes  the scene.  Rent this ... you'll love it ... and let's hope it's released  on DVD soon, maybe with some outtakes!
630027179X|5.0|The Legend of Arthur is one of the most fascinating stories in Western culture.  The myth covers a lot of themes basic to everyday life. Good vs. Evil, heroism, loyalty, love, and infidelity.  It tells the storybook  heroic rise of a king and his unlikely fall.  It tells us that if you stray  from the virtues and ideals that brought you your good fortune darkness is  only around the corner.  It tells us that if you believe strongly enough in  something you can overcome great odds, as in the case of Perceval.  The  Arthurian legends tell stories, that are basic to everyone, with characters  that are larger than life.  For that reason the Arthurian legend has  captured the imagination of millions over the centuries. Boorman's  treatment of the legend in 'Excalibur' is flawless. He tells the tale true  to the legend in an almost dreamlike presentation. The battle scenes are  understatingly displayed in a foggy hazy atmosphere instead of the typical  crystal clear panoramic epic production. Boorman's cinematography is as  great for what it doesn't show as it is for what it does show.  It fuels  your imagination for a mythological far away land and time.  What a story  and what a Movie!
B00001QGPR|1.0|I'd heard so many good things about this album, and must say that it's the biggest disappointment I've heard so far this year.  We get Bowie sounding frankly bored while generic alt-rock guitars and miscellaneous noise try to  capture the brilliance of his earlier albums.  <br />Listen to the album  honestly, and count how many times Bowie actually hits a note or does  something that doesn't sound like a bad cover band lethargically ripping  through parodies of his hits.  <br />Even Pat Boone doing metal was better  than this.
B000002KHY|5.0|Some years ago I worked in the CD department of a major retailer. Our department was across the aisle from the stereo department, and many came to us to upgrade their first CDs from LPs they  owned. This, and the Eagles  Greatest Hits CD, was almost always among the first they bought.<br />It's  easy to see why; these songs epitomise the  early 70s. Songs like  &quot;Fire and Rain,&quot; &quot;You've Got a Friend&quot; and &quot;Shower  the People&quot; have been learned on amateur guitar, sung around campfires  and at weddings, played on cassettes in cars down the &quot;country  road&quot; described in one classic song here. JT was and is an excellent  rethinker of other people's material (&quot;How Sweet It Is&quot;) and no  one sang his own songs better than their writer. One of the most  indispensable greatest hits collections ever; Sony may have waited too long  to release Volume II from Taylor's last 20 years with that label.
6304458924|1.0|This must be the worst movie i have seen(And i liked Armageddon and Wing Commander).Bad effects,terrible plot and bad acting.
B000021XR5|4.0|It's not very easy to explain this, but essentially STP are not one band, or at least cannot be thought of like that. I remember how much I loved Core when it came out, and then really hated Purple because it was nothing  like Core. As time went on I started really liking Purple, then I bought  Tiny Music and the same thing happened...<br />At the end of the day, you  can't really go around drawing really direct comparisons between their  albums or saying how much better / worse they've got, because it's  groundless. Each album should be looked at as a debut album, not from a new  band, but for a new direction.<br />This album is really good, with very  insightful and quite cryptic songs, and, although not as personally  enlightening or pleasing as Tiny Music was for me, is certainly not a  'dissappointment'.
0792153189|1.0|Great,they made 2 movies of a really good idea and they both deeply SUCK!Armageddon at least had effects and good action but this doesnt even have that.Bad characters,terrible acting,really bad sub-plots and it just  gets boring.The only good thing compared to Armageddon is that here you get  to see the comet hit.After the first ten minutes after they tried to blow  up the comet i started thinking &quot;Cant that comet already hit  earth&quot; but nooo,we have to see how the newsreporter played by Tea  Leoni settles his problems with her daddy and how Elijah Wood(Most annoying  actor after Leo DiCaprio must say) fights to save her girlfriend/wife.When  the comet finally hit i couldnt hold my laughter when Tea Leonis character  hugs her father.Its got cheesy moments that would be great for MST3K,oh  wait,it was cancelled darn,now theres no use for this movie.Still  Armageddon sucked also.
B00001SIES|5.0|I purchased this CD after witnessing one of their concerts on German satellite TV, which was absolutely brilliant. <br />Essentially, no matter how much people may complain of their influences, they do not sound like a  copycat band by any means. Enough originality is included in the album,  especially in the guitarwork, to make it sound really quite original. They  also borrow only the very best bits from bands such as radiohead anyway,  and certainly have more bite.<br />The songs, right from the start are very  emotionally effective, and structured to perfection. The guitar playing is  very good, as was the live stuff.<br />Ultimately this CD's only downfalls are  that the production is a little tame and that the first track may well be  the best...
0671027344|5.0|... one of the better books I have read in some time.  Labelled as a book for young adults which ultimatley screams, 12-17; this book is a rare gem.  Talk about nostaglia!  Stephen Chbosky, through the eyes of Charlie and his  friends, took me back to high school.  Any one who struggled through high  school in the early nineties will appreciate this book.  It is charming,  thought provoking and soul-searching.  Someone FINALLY wrote about how it  really feels to be a teenager!
B000000WJ2|3.0|Some good stuff is on here. But Keith's albums show why he needs Mick: to add some polish, and make the music not so sloppy. (Mick's solo stuff shows he needs Keith to make Mick's music MORE sloppy, and not so sterile). The  Stones are what these guys should be spending all their time on. But since  &quot;Main Offender&quot; exists, it's worth having, even though you won't  love it like you can love the Stones.
B00001P4RI|5.0|After I heard of Dead Can Dance's split I felt that there will be a big hole, a lost that cannot be filled. I was always more appealed by Lisa Gerrards voice rather than Brendan's, but listening to his new CD the  beauty kept me captured immediately. What makes this CD so special is that  with its calm, its mistery, the light arrangements and the superb used  voice it leaves some space to the listener... A space where everyone can  create a world of its own. There is no prisonlike corset where the artist  forces the listener into it. I don't think it is necessary to compare the  songs with earlier works of DCD since the recording stands very much on its  own. It is one of the best recordings I bought this year...
B00002MZ2C|4.0|to give you an idea of what to expect, i can imagine 9 or 10 of the 12 tracks being on either the self-titled or on evil empire releases. morello gets a little more creative (is that possible?) with the guitars, which is  a bonus, and you'll notice the beats developed a little more than on the  previous releases. altogether, a good cd if you liked the first two.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This CD is the best one in my bedroom! &quot;What's My Age Again&quot; and &quot; All The Small Things&quot; are the best songs on this CD. If you don't have this I highly recommend this. I love all the songs, and I listen  to it all the time!
0790737345|5.0|A powerful story about An Angel in Los Angeles that would give up his immortality for an beautiful surgeon. I'm really an bad Explainer so that's all I can say. The movie wasn't sad enough to shed a tear but, it was  touching(my opinion). This movie is one of the greatest dramas of all time.  Okay i'll ruin it a little that the ending was kind of weird. Most of my  friends loved it but, agreed with me at the ending( hey at least I did not  tell you what happened).
B00002E233|2.0|Some scientists are doing research on a floatng laboratory in the ocean. They turn regular sharks into highly intelligent monsters. The sharks are kept in 'secure' tanks. A storm comes. The sharks escape. The floating lab  floods with water. The scientists are trapped with the escaped sharks. The  sharks are very smart. The usual amount of blood and gore follows. Typical  action movie. A cool documentary about sharks is included though.
B00000K2SC|2.0|The Matrix offers alot of special effects with would please our audience. However, a drawback is that the action is terrible it is totally like chinese movies one guy could actually shoot everyone by himself and he is  totally open to gun attacks. I mean I know this is only a movie but even  the cast themselves admited that they mimic chinese movies. This is totally  only for sci-fi fans. I knew alot of my friends did not like this and so  did alot of children.
3895082333|5.0|Anyone who gives this book a bad review has no class. Jane Austen is one of the most celebrated writers in history. You just have to get past the fancy words. Beneath that is a classic and romantic story. Sense and  Sensibility is the best romance novel I have ever read. I would recommend  watching the movie first, though, if your Old English vocabulary isn't very  strong.
B00000IKSC|5.0|Backstreet boys have struck the hearts of our women in the world. This video is surely a big hit that makes you feel that they are just in front of you. This concert version has alot creativity, humor,charisma and  dancing. This is surely a must for backstreet fans. I repeat though that  this is the best video they got to date so far before their millenium  album. So, you may have awkward feelings about this video if you just  became an backstreet fan.
0060977264|5.0|This was an incredible book! I read the first two pages and was instantly engulfed in a beautiful love story.  I could not put the book down. If you are a true romantic at heart then read this book.  Pilar brings hope to the  real meaning of following your heart.
B00002E233|1.0|OK - you got some film and you got a shark - should be worth 2 stars at least but this movie proves that the talent of most hollywood directors is equivalent to the size of a real sharks brain. true drivel - dont waste  your time. its boring, unbelieveable and stupid.
B0000004V2|5.0|The greatest, most complete album I have ever owned, bar none.  I've owned it for nearly a decade now, and it is one of the few albums that I never tire of.
0140177396|5.0|This book is a tragic tale of two farm laborers who wander around to own a land of their own. They both are an unlikely pair. George is a short and smart man. Lennie is an enormous man with a childish mind. They both are  very different yet they have formed a family. They ran away from their  hometown to escape the law and started to work on a ranch in the Salians  valley but trouble awaits them every corner. This is a great book for the  ages of thirteen or over. If you love adventure and fun then you should  read this book!
0790729628|3.0|I happen to like the VHS version much, much, better than the DVD.  I own both, but I will  not look at the DVD version again.  The narration was great and so was the ending of the VHS movie.
0446525537|4.0|Great book... Nicholas Sparks never ceases to amaze me with his ability to write these novels.. I enjoyed every word in this book.. I could not put it down
B000021XR5|4.0|I bought this album because my friend told me it was like the best cd he owns, well, he must not have many cds. It is still growing on me. At first I nearly hated it, but it has some really great songs. The diversity in  this album is very impressive. This is a really good album, but not  something i can listen to all the way through/
B000003S2K|4.0|'Music for Airports', like Orb's ORBUS TERRARUM, is what you can call an infinite album because it can be interpreted in so many different ways and is adapt to so many different situations. The fact that the album was  released in 1978 makes it even more exciting to listen to. Observing what  happens in an airport while listening to this music (as I tried doing in  Frankfurt/Main airport)gives a better understanding and more significance  to the album. Some people may consider this album to be tiring or boring.  This is because it is very deep and it takes the right attitude and  patience to appreciate it.
B00000ADG2|5.0|This is a CD I will still like in 10 years, and how wonderful is it that such superb songwriting and performing was done by a hip, strong woman with a mind of her own?  Each time I listen, I discover a new song that I didn't  notice at first but soon becomes my favorite -- take &quot;Ex-Factor&quot;  for example -- I'm not one who usually likes the slower rap/hip-hop/r&amp;b  type songs, but this one is  an exception.  It has a beat, showcases her  beautiful voice and has a melody that is complex enough to be interesting  over the course of many listenings.  &quot;To Zion&quot; is similarly  refreshing, and I enjoyed the beat combined with Carlos Santana's guitar  playing.  And no matter how many times I hear it, &quot;Doo Wop&quot; is  one of the most incredible songs I've ever heard, and there has never been  a better song to sing/rap with in the car, with the volume on LOUD.
B00000D9TK|5.0|Celine Dion in English is a so-so singer, in my opinion.  But in French she's wonderful.  I don't understand most of the words, but I don't need to.  Her voice is the most beautiful and complex instrument in the  orchestra.   I love the slow, over-done, over-emotional songs.  She sells  them in a way that few singers can.  My favorite on the CD is Tous les  blues sont ecrits pour toi.  (All the blues are written for you).  This  song is half English/half French.  Very bluesy, but not a copy-cat version  of traditional blues.
B00000JPH5|5.0|This movie was incredible.  One of my all-time favorites.  The combination of talents that brought this movie to the silver screen was absolutely amazing and in my humble opinion, unmatched to this date.  George Lucas,  Jim &amp; Brian Henson, Brian Froud, David Bowie, and Terry Jones (Monty  Python) all pulled together to create a wonderful fantasy that is sure to  be enjoyed by any age.  I was 15 when I first saw it and I'm 30 now.  I  still watch it at least once a week with my daughters who absolutely adore  it.  This movie is definately a MUST SEE in my book.  I've never met anyone  who didn't enjoy it and I'm not sure I'd like to.
B00000AFWW|5.0|This is a great album.  It's not as good as Live Through This, but LTT was soooo good, and I like it when Courtney screams more!  It's a great album too.  Lyrically it's really great, and I think better than LTT, which  repeated things a little too much.  CL is a brillent song writer, and this  album is amazing.  Going what she's gone through and being able to say in a  song, &quot;If the world is so wrong than you can take them all with one  song.&quot; (Awful) or &quot;I can't believe that I could be  happy&quot;(Heaven tonight) is amazing.  I do secretly hope that the next  album is rawer than this one.  The Hole that made CS is a different band  than the one that made LTT.  Courtney is different.  Compare CS to another  pop/rock album like Veruca Salt's Eight Arms to Hold You, and Veruca pales  in comparision to CS.  It is the best pop/rock album I own, and one of the  best made.
0385484518|5.0|I have never read this book (although I just ordered it and expect to read it shortly) But My teacher does not stop talking about this book! He reads us sections of it, and puts qoutes from the book on the board. I am REALLY  looking forward to reading this book. Even though it took somebody to  encourage me.
B0000025H6|3.0|This album is okay, but is extremly overrated. There is only one good song ( Another Brick On The Wall - Part 2 ). I remember being in grade 8 in the 1990 - 1991 school year and all my friends raved about the album &amp; said  how great it was. So I borrowed the album from my bestfriend. I listened to  it, I thought &quot;GOD THIS ALBUM REALLY SUCKS BIG TIME&quot;. I was  totally diaspointed. In my opinion stick with Led Zeppelin IV as a  difinitive 70's rock album -  Thank You 4 Your Time - Peace!
630512762X|2.0|This DVD is such a disappointment!  Don't get me wrong, the movie is fabulous, but where in the world are the special features? There's absolutely nothing! Let's face it, a DVD with a whole lot of bonuses is way  better than with the movie alone, isn't it?
B00003A9QL|5.0|Metallica and the San Fransisco Orchestra are a great combo.  Amazing how 2 different styles blend so well. There is a 3rd element that makes the album great.  That is the lack of profanity!  There are a couple of songs  that I thought should have been on there.  Fade to Black would have been a  good orchestra mix.  I was suprised to see that neither of the Unforgiven  songs were on their.  It would have been cool to turn one of their covers  into an orchestra mix as well.<br />Over all, it is a great CD.  My favorites  are No Leaf Clover, One and Nothing Else Matters and -Human.
B000000HZZ|5.0|This is a great CD for you if you love music that inspires visions.  Adventure, romance; David Sylvian's smooth baritone runs through poetic lyrics that, coupled with the melodies, take you there.  Fast paced tracks  like Methods of Dance and Gentlemen Take Polaroids combine nicely with more  mellow tracks like Nightporter to make an album perfect to &quot;fall in  love&quot; to.  I did.
B000001OAA|5.0|My aunt sent me both of Garbage's CD's for Christmas because she wasn't sure which one I wanted, and I have to say the first is MUCH MUCH MUCH better than 2.0. The lyrics, the beats, everything about it is just SO  cool! I especially love the song &quot;Supervixen&quot; and the skips in  the beginning. This CD is a definite MUST!
B000031WD9|3.0|Ok.  I'll admit it...I actually thought this movie was hilarious!   Granted, it blatantly uses shock humor, but it's entertainment, folks!   Ligthen up!   Some of the scenes bordered on lame, so that's why I gave it  3 instead of 4 stars.  But my husband and I both found it amusing (and  we're over 25, just in case you were wondering).<br />Since when do films have  to be deep or completely original?  Come on...if we held all movies up to  those standards, the majority of them would fail.  Much of the film is  far-fetched, but isn't that part of the movie-going experience?  If you're  looking for realism, go rent a documentary.  I thought the acting in this  film was above that of other popular stars (sorry Neve...you just don't do  it for me, babe), and the sophomoric script is exactly what I was  expecting.  I just wanted to laugh.  And I did.  So in my terms, this movie  was a success.<br />And by the way...I thought the Graduate reference was  hysterical...although lost on the majority of viewers.
0553213105|5.0|i love this book!i read it first in 5th grade[though it was hard to understand!] then in 6th, 3 times in 7th and 4-5 times in 8th.i m like obsessed with this book!i also loved the film version, and i watched all  the 3 versions.jane austen is indeed a great author. the way she portrays  her characters is really creative, and u can just imagine what they look  like, their personality, etc. i simply enjoyed this book!
B000031WD9|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. Not only is it a funny story, it will make you fall out of your seat you will be laughing so hard!
B00000IFWE|4.0|Echo is an excellent set of tunes.  I can't compare it to other Tom Petty records 'cause it's the first I've heard, outside of the radio-played singles.  On first listen I wasn't too impressed because it was a new  singer and a new style of rock for me.  The second time I spun it up, I was  taken aback by the beauty of songs like &quot;Room at the Tom&quot; and  &quot;No More&quot;, and was rockin' along with &quot;Won't Last Long&quot;  and &quot;About To Give Out&quot;.  There's hard and smooth and everything  in between, making it balanced album.  Just about every song is at least  good, if not great.  I love the message in &quot;Rhino Skin&quot;!   Definitely worth buying this, along with Greatest Hits, to introduce  yourself to Tom Petty.
B0000027RL|5.0|I bought this cd a few years ago and I think that it is the best cd ever! Alive, Even Flow, Jeremy, and Black are my favorites and the other tracks are great to. I would recommend this cd to any rock fan.
B000002UVX|4.0|One man, one guitar and one amplifier and no studio frills or live pyrotechnics. This was Hendrix in a zone shared by Miles Davis &amp; Robert Johnson and very few others. Listening to it, I am transported to some  parallel universive offering a space-time continuium I never knew existed.  While not a perfect record it is a sublime snapshot of a genius breaking  out of the constraints of commercial mediocrity. And it freakin' rocks!
B000001EYO|3.0|When I first saw the movie and heard the music I fell in love with the songs. But when I went here to see the track listing I noticed my favorite songs were missing. For example &quot;Tumbling Tumbleweeds&quot;-the title  song isnt on here?  As well as Santana's &quot;Oye Como Va&quot; and CCR's  songs. What happened here too many legal isssues? I would have given it 2  more stars at least if &quot;Tumbling Tumbleweeds&quot; was on here.Too  bad.
B000000FG8|5.0|This,  in my opinion,  is the best CD.  The lyrics are great (werent they around 18 at the time?).  I dont care if the songs sound alike,  I dont want to anylize the cd,  look at the sheet music,  then decide if its good;   I rather listen to it and just get that feeling.  They are to me what the  Clash were to them.  Oh,  and please,  please dont buy this album just so  you can show it to everyone you meet to convince them youre cool. Too many  people are listening and carrying this CD with them without even liking it,  i hate that,  i hate the little posers.  Anyway,  this is the best.
B00000JMQE|4.0|Warning: If you're looking for a second helping of the Judy Garland movie, this is not the one. There is no singing or cute Munchkins ! <br />I love this movie because it's based on some of the later books written by L.  Frank Baum in his Oz series: &quot;The Wizard of Oz&quot; was only the  first one!  This movie is based on two of L. Frank Baum's later Oz books:  &quot;The Land of Oz&quot; and &quot;Ozma of Oz&quot;.<br />The movie is great  in that it's very faithful to the series, and Oz readers will love it. I  like how they paid attention to such details like Jack Pumpkinhead's  clothing and Tik-tok's design; and even many of the lines spoken in the  movie are straight from the books!<br />Oz books aside, if you enjoy fantasy  films you'll like this one. It's in the same vein as &quot;Labyrinth&quot;  and &quot;The NeverEnding Story&quot;, two other movies that I enjoyed.  There are creative characters and interesting effects: my favorite in this  one is the Nome King. The acting is not bad. But I found the Wheelers, some  of the villians, a bit tiring. There are definitely scary parts in this  movie: You see the Deadly Desert in action, rocks sprout eyes, and someone  dies. <br />Please read some of the other reviews: I think most are pretty  accurate in their thoughts and opinions (esp the two by Steven W Hill and  Jonathan Valuckas). The person who hated the movie probably only saw the  first one and was expecting a cute musical. This movie is pretty dark but  enjoyable. Oh yeah, can you believe it was produced by Disney?  ^_^
067101756X|1.0|This is without a doubt the stupidest book I've read in the past two years.  Pseudoscience can be fun in modest doses, but this doesn't even qualify as entertainment.  The basic claim is that the major technological  developments of the past 50 years, particularly in microchips, lasers, and  fiber optics, are a consequence of reverse engineering an alien spaceship  that crashed at Roswell.<br />This claim is insulting to the real engineers  and scientists who actually did the work, and didn't need any cheat sheets  from bug eyed grays, thank you.  The first transistor was developed at Bell  Labs at just about the time of the Roswell incident, well before there  could have been any time for &quot;alien technology transfer&quot;.  And it  was based upon physical principles that had been discovered in the first  few decades of this century.  The subsequent development of complete  semiconductor circuits on a chip was an inevitable and natural consequence  of this early crude invention -- it can be explained fully by the  combination of competitive capitalism and some initial seed money from the  space program.  Likewise lasers and fiber optics have a technological  evolutionary history that follows naturally from discoveries in physics  early in this century, no miraculous intervention by the space brothers is  needed.<br />Note that the one truly unfathomable property of the alleged UFOs  is the one that *hasn't* been reversed engineered and inserted into our  technological infrastructure -- a silent propulsion system that uses no  jets, propellers, or rockets.  If tomorrow the Air Force were to announce a  new airplane that works by anti-gravity, I might be willing to give some  credence to Corso's book.  But when the best he can do is point to  technology based on principles fully understandable by a 1930s physicist,  Occam's razor requires that we toss his claims into the wastebasket.
B000002BE9|1.0|Fiona can't sing worth a damn ... she's not in tune half the time an her lyrics are AWFUL (not the words but the way they are set to music) - most of the time she's adding syllables to words because she couldn't make the lyrics match the tune.  This is really awful music. I can't believe anyone actually LIKES this stuff!
B000000I37|4.0|I bought this CD for the song &quot;Around the World&quot;.  I wasn't familiar with the other songs.  The other hit &quot;Da Funk&quot; was also familiar to me.  By far the best song on the album is &quot;Revolution  909&quot;.  After the intro, it has an awesome, deep bass line that I could  lose myself in.  I can't stop playing it over and over. Trust me. It's that  good.  I only wish &quot;Revolution 909&quot; was longer!  The other hits  are good too.  Buy it!   There is definite club material on this CD!
B000001FOS|5.0|If you like guitar or are just simply a &quot;fretboard fanatic&quot;, then the &quot;8th Wonder of the World&quot;, Yngwie J. Malmsteen himself, will certainly amaze you!   I remember the first time I heard &quot;Heaven  Tonight&quot; on the radio which was my first exposure to Malmsteen and I  was so impressed, I bought the album the next day and was not disappointed  - EVERY song was com-plet-ely amazing (which is something you don't find  these days! ).  Malmsteen's guitar style and ability outshined anybody I  had ever heard before except George Lynch (Dokken), Kendel Bechtel (Fifth  Angel), Ronni Le Tekro (TNT), Chris Degarmo/Michael Wilton (Queensryche),  Michael Schenker, Strunz/Farah, Oscar Lopez, Michael Hedges, Vito Bratta  (White Lion), Jim Matheos/Frank Aresti (Fate's Warning), Alex Lifeson  (Rush), Joe Satriani, John Hahn, Doug Doppler and Vinnie Moore who are also  virtuosos in their own right and deserve to be mentioned - the solos on  this album really do stand a cut above the rest though and are outta this  world - not just fast either, but with a lot of feeling (despite what the  &quot;critics&quot; who probably don't even play guitar and wouldn't know  what feel is) might say - Malmsteen has an uncanny ability to speed it up  and slow it down on the drop of a dime and is very versatile as he is an  excellent acoustic player as well!   Also, I have to say that Joe Lynn  Turner of Rainbow fame was an excellent choice for a singer.  Favorite  songs (although like I said, nothing is weak here) include &quot;Dreaming  (Tell Me)&quot;, &quot;Hold On&quot;, &quot;Heaven Tonight&quot;,  &quot;Crystal Ball&quot;, &quot;Krakatau&quot; and &quot;Memories&quot;.   Get this CD - even though I have other guitarists whom I like, I can't say  ANYBODY sounds like Malmsteen.  Other albums by Malmsteen I recommend  include Eclipse, Trilogy, Yngwie J. Malmsteen's Rising Force (has  &quot;Black Star&quot; etc.), and Facing the Animal.
0792835719|5.0|The big advantage of this DVD issue is that there are two versions on the disc. If you prefer the theatrical wide-screen (letterbox) version, that is on one side of the disc, and the pan and scan version that fills the screen  is on the flip side. I have a big-screen monitor, but I prefer the  Academy  Aspect (1.33 to 1) pan and scan, which is actually done better than the  previous-released VHS version. The detail of the sets and the expressions  on the actors' faces are much easier to discern. On this disc, the choice  is yours. Every DVD should be issued this way until we all have widescreen  TVs!   <br />While others have made comments that the transfer to video was  poor, I would disagree. There are some artifacts, but the film transfer  quality is much better than the VHS version I purchased several years ago,  and is about the same as those used by cable movie channels. Considering  that the film is nearly fifty years old, this seems reasonable.<br />As for  the film itself, it is simply THE classic Sci-Fi film of the 1950's. It was  so original in so many ways, and still seems fresh and new.  It was one of  the first major-studio big-budget attempts at Science Fiction, and it  succeeds on every level.<br />If you are a sci-fi fan and do not own this  movie, it is a gilt-edged priority that you consider it.  If you own an  older VHS copy, the new DVD release is worth the investment.  You will  watch this again and again.
B000001DVD|5.0|To sum it up in a nutshell, this album needs to be in your collection because...IT KICKS SOME SERIOUS GLUTEUS MAXIMUS!   Songs like &quot;Let it Go&quot;, &quot;High 'N' Dry (Saturday Night)&quot;, &quot;Bringin' on the  Heartbreak&quot;, &quot;Switch 625&quot;, &quot;Lady Strange&quot; and  &quot;Another Hit and Run&quot; are written VERY well and still stand out  as some of their best material - I think it is a serious felony that out of  the aforementioned titles, only &quot;Bringin' on the Heartbreak&quot; was  chosen on their greatest hits compilation!   Also, Def Leppard pretty much  steers clear of this album when performing live which is unfortunate for  the fans!  Joe Elliott gave a very stupid explanation on &quot;VH1  Storytellers&quot; saying that &quot;High 'N' Dry/On through the  Night&quot; are like the rocket parts that get you up in the air and then  break off because you don't need them anymore (his EXACT words) - he also  went on to basically say (yes, it gets even more stupid...) that out of a  large audience, most people wouldn't know the songs anyway or want to hear  them...I say SO WHAT Mr. Joe Elliott and that is not something you should  assume for &quot;your fans&quot; - if you've got great old songs, you  shouldn't just throw them in the garbage just because your too concerned in  trying to appeal to all the &quot;legions&quot; of &quot;new Def Lep  fans&quot; - anyway, I am off my soap box on that issue - JUST TRUST ME AND  GET THIS ALBUM!
B000031XCR|5.0|This CD is wonderful.  Like a newly tuned grand piano, Celine Dion has a rich and beutiful voice that is made to sing.  The tunes will remain in your head for days after the CD is listened to.  Most of the songs have  already proven themselves to be big hits.  Celine Dion had a wonderful  career and she deserves praise for it.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Throw in some Metallica and add a little symphony, and you got an excellent cd that every rock fan  needs to own. Both Metallica and Michael Kamen have done a superb job in putting the album together, and  making it what it is. Take my word for it and buy this cd. You won't be  sorry at all.
B00002Z88D|4.0|Putting Metallica and an orcheostra together was a great idea.  As far as I know the fusion of rock and classical music has never been accomplished in this manner before which makes the CD, if not one of the best, one of  the most interesting CD's I've heard.  The songs are basically the same as  the originols but a new level of... power has been placed into the music  making it an essential to any Metallica fan and an originol CD for anyone  else.
6300184064|5.0|Wow. That's what I thought afterwords. Wow. I never saw anything like this in my entire life. I first thought ,when I heard about, it was &quot; It's just another weird love story with over-the-top special effects and no  plot.&quot; I was kinda right. It DID have a love story and great special  effects. But it was more of a way at looking at life with a strange way.  When I saw the end (SPOILER) the main character appeared to have a distant  look with a smirk on his face and a stigmata on his hands. I felt sorry for  the poor man. I mean the man lost his job, his respect, and the love of his  life. I first pitied him. But then I realized that this was a happy ending.  He realized that the only way out of this damnation is going insane from  being on purpose or being lobotimzed. (END SPOILERS) This is a beautifully  made film and is a very symbolizing film. No doubt this is one of the best  films ever made. I can only say one way to describe it. Tommorow was just  another day. With still a million things to say. That song will never get  out of your head. Wow.
B00002MZ4W|2.0|depressing, dependent songs.  it is that reason that i leaned away from jewel (besides the fact that her voice got very cry-baby), and so i will lean away from Fiona.  a far cry from a terrific tidal wave, a weak  release.  so get away from it 'fast as you can'
0316920045|2.0|If brevity is the soul of wit, is this the infinity of a soulless twit?<br />Here's a suggestion:  read 4 truly great books instead of one barely interesting prolix ramble.<br />Screw the two stars, I want one back.   This gets one star only.
B000035Z2L|5.0|Yesterday I saw this movie for the fourth time. Every time I see this, I wonder at the brilliance of the director and script. Simply lovable comedy. Typical teenage dilemma about sex. Excellent craftsmanship. A good treat  full of laughter.
B00001W9G0|5.0|Finally!  THE WAY WE WERE in widescreen!  I think it really makes a difference.  I've only seen pan and scan versions on video.  It is especially noticeable in the opening credits where names/credits appear on  one side of the screen and action takes place on the other side.  For the  first time we get to see Katie at her typewriter and Katie talking to her  teacher.<br />The rest of the dvd is done just as well.  The picture and sound  are pristine.  The menu screens are classy and easy to use. The bonus  trailers from FOR PETE'S SAKE and Streisand's later films are fun to  see.<br />The hour-long documentary featuring interviews with Sydney Pollack  and Streisand is very revealing.  Pollack seems humble and grateful about  the film.  Streisand is relaxed and beautiful - again, reflective and  humble about the experience as Pollack is.  There is even a segment with  Marvin Hamlisch on piano playing the different versions of THE WAY WE WERE  theme.  And Alan &amp; Marilyn Bergman are a hilarious couple!<br />Sydney  Pollack's comments on the extra audio channel are interesting as well.  I  haven't gotten through the whole movie yet, but so far so good!<br />The dvd  is definitely a must-have for Streisand fans.  But even fans of this  classic romance will find much to like about the dvd as well.
B000002MY3|2.0|It's a shame that so many women have been fooled (by Alanis and her marketing gimmicks) into thinking that she represents women's causes.  The truth is, in an interview she actually referred to herself as a  nymphomaniac.  How's that for female liberalism?
068483605X|5.0|This book is a work of art!  I just loved every single word of it!  Richard Adams does a beautiful job of developing the rabbits as characters, giving them qualities that are real and believable.  After a while, I found  myself feeling as if I knew the rabbits personally.  I think that fiction  in which animals are given human qualities is challenging to write and  sometimes to read.  Watership Down is a wonderful balance -- just when you  feel the rabbits are becoming to &quot;human-like&quot;, Adams reminds us  they are rabbits by interweaving their traits as a species into the plot.   By the end of the book, I was so engrossed, I couldn't read the words fast  enough.  I found myself wanting to believe that the rabbit world is really  the way Richard Adams portrays it to be.  In short, I will never look at a  rabbit the same again.  I will always wonder where his warren is and if he  is running from &quot;a thousand enemies.&quot;  Children and adults will  both enjoy this book -- the difference is the way in which Watership Down  sits in the minds of its varied age of readers.  It will effect everyone  differently.  A WORK OF ART!
B000031WD9|5.0|This movie rocks! It was so funny i had tears in my eyes i was laughing so hard. As soon as it came out on DVD I went out to buy it. With my luck i am not old enough to buy it so, my brother bought it for me. When I got home I  watched it and could not stop laughing it is so funny!  So once again if  you haven't seen this DVD, rent or buy it, i don't care. But, you have to  watch it. And...uh.. Don't drink anything while watching the party scene!
0192100300|5.0|Jane Austen perfects the art of character development in Emma. The long, twisted plot carefully and slowly develops each character using rich detail that makes the characters come alive with personality.  Without the rich  detail and character development, I do not feel this book would have stood  the test of time and become the classic that it is.  Emma is a  heart-warming book with enough orneriness mixed in to make it amusing.
6305627401|5.0|Parker/Stone having been censored over the past few years have really let go this time, and have been given freedom to take their characters to the absolute edge of comic rudness, and i must say they have done a great job.  From the first scene the story goes from strength to strength, the timing  of each song has been done exceptionaly well. This film has to be one of  the best comedy/ musicals of the decade, i actually cried with laughter  when i first saw this film. Great characters, wonderful story and a comical  soundtrack all go to make this a must for every dvd collection. A definite  buy for south park fans.
B000005J56|5.0|This CD is obviously a classic. Belive me, This is the real latin american music, very far and more soulfull than Ricky Martin, Marc Anthony and their code-bar oriented, musically deaf crowd. This is one of the most touching  testimonies of the latin american musical spirit. It is a blessing to hear  the raw, almost live sound of this recording, so you can apreciatte what is  this all about. Still, Ry Cooder and his son`s intrusions in the sons put  on evidence that they (The Cooders) have no clue about latin or cuban  music. But I am thankful to them for showing the world these exquisite  talents and their music. Candela!
B00000G3PA|4.0|Armageddon is a very good movie.It was very dramatic and action packed.It would have been cool if the asteroid hit earth! I liked Bruce Willis in this role. The other actors were also very good. I say to all viewers, of  this caption, that it was also very emotional at the end. A must see for  almost everyone!
6303122876|4.0|I saw it on video when I was a young teenager, though I wished I could've seen it in the theaters. Be aware, folks, that this movie is NEVER anything like you have ever seen before! It is the true realm of deeply profound  creativity featuring a very alien world where no human ever set foot upon.  In fact, it is very full of the most fantastic creatures and landscape you  will ever see since the old days of Star Wars. However, I do not think this  high fantasy is intended for everyone, including impressionable young kids  and anyone else who is not open-minded enough because it is quite full of  very horrific scenes where a shaggy old witch literally takes an eyeball  right out of its socket to take a better look around; a dying emperor of  the evil bird-like monsters whose face fell apart just like a crumbling  cookie; and the very flesh of helpless victims in a mad scientist's  laboratory sniveling up like rotten old tomatoes. So if you are parents of  young children, please screen it first before buying it for them. In fact,  putting a gothically fantastic tale like this in a children's package is  quite an uncalled-for insult to this kind of film as well as us fantasy  fans everywhere, for not every one of us is a chubby-cheeked young toddler  who is really into Kermit The Frog and the Sesame Street.
B000002NG7|5.0|The opening track, Collision, is a heavy beginning with a few ingenious tricks in style. With electronic sounds that refresh its sighy atmosphere, Stripsearch takes the record in another direction, flowing coolly through  into an ending of major power. Last Cup Of Sorrow (like Ashes To Ashes,  another single track from AOTY) again demonstrates how inventive those guys  can be with what would seem a normal classic kind of hard rock track, and  after Naked In Front Of The Computer, another heavy track, Helpless shows  Faith No More's new, moody and easy style (followed later in the album by  She Loves Me Not and Home Sick Home). Mouth To Mouth's totally skizo verse  rythm and pop/punk chorus make it a wonderful listening experience over and  over again, with Got That Feeling continuing along the same lines of sharp  rythmic vocal lines mixed with Collision's attitude. Paths Of Glory and the  closing track Pristina are both heart-breakingly beautiful, as heavy in  sound as they are. Album Of The Year, indeed.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Finally a young beautiful female artist that has a vocabulary that consist of more than just a few words and is instrumentally talented to boot! She has created a wonderful sophomore effort that contains some varying sounds  with well thought out lyrics that express with great passion her innermost  feelings and emotions. This album contains some of her best work yet  especially in such songs as &quot;A MISTAKE&quot; that has some really  creative guitar riffs and by far the biggest standout on this album in the  song &quot;Get Gone&quot; which expresses some strong venom in a very  catchy chorus. I highly recommend this album. Play it to it's upmost and  enjoy.
0062502182|4.0|&quot;The Alchemist&quot; is a book most remarkable for its simplicity.  In the characteristic style of Spanish legend, it speaks of life's adventures through the story of a child and the world.  Its tone is almost  magical - certainly majestic.  It is a story of hope, and that hope is  fostered and encouraged by the books simple style.  Yet the message of hope  is slightly skewered at the end, when the validation for the boy's  &quot;Personal Legend&quot; is not realised until the possession of  treasure.  In the end, it was not the boy's journey that seemed to matter  so much as the fact that it 'brought him something at the last.'  The  message might be cause for reflection and question, yet the book is overall  well worth the short read.
B000001DYD|5.0|I bought &quot;To Bring You My Love&quot; first, so listening to this CD is a complete change. It is more angry than seductive. Along with Nine Inch Nails' &quot;Broken&quot; and Nirvana's &quot;In Utero&quot; (the Albini  Connection&quot; it was oneo f the few albums to actually scare me. It'll  scare you too, just wait.
0898705525|3.0|This book contains a depth of content that its small size might seem to hide; it is a truly delightful 'autobiography' of an author enamoured with the &quot;romance of Orthodoxy.&quot;  Written in response to a challenge  offered by an acquaintance, Chesterton proceeds to examine the nature and  character of orthodoxy in the modern world.  Its personal flavour is  refreshing and sincere, and makes for an extremely enjoyable read.
B000001Y5J|5.0|Angry as all hell, but moving. Even I wa scared listing to &quot;Wish&quot; or &quot;Happiness in Slavery.&quot; It's is definetely Trent's angriest work (not to be confused with most depressing, winner?  &quot;The Fragile&quot;). &quot;Broken is angry, hard and volitile. Classic  Nine Inch Nails
0375707972|3.0|Despite its acclaim and recent hype, &quot;The Reader&quot; fails to probe as deeply into one's moral and ethical consciousness as might be hoped or expected.  The plot indeed drives home a moral question (broadly, 'what is  the extent of forgiveness?'), yet its development and maturation prevent it  from truly striking a resonant chord.  There is simply too much that is  shadowed over, too much that is not discussed, and too much that seems  improbable and even impossible in the relationships that are described.   Yet the tone and character of the writing earn &quot;The Reader&quot; high  marks: its masterful use of allusion, its ability to speak volumes by what  is left unsaid -- are beautiful things to see in a modern novel.  This is a  book worth reading, yet perhaps with slightly lower expectations in hand  that what the media hype have deemed fashionable.
B00000AFFI|5.0|I don't like this one as much as &quot;Rid of Me&quot; or &quot;To bring YAou My Love,&quot; but his disc is amazing. I could listen o her sing &quot;is this desire...enough?&quot; over and over again. It's an amazing  song. She's a true artist. It's between her, Trent Reznor and Kurt Cobain  as songwriter of the decade.
B000002UA0|3.0|Pink Floyd's debut album is a somewhat enjoyable piece of work - the labors of four very young and, at the time, relatively inexperienced musicians in the music industry.  Aided by their producer (and former  Beatles engineer) Norman Smith's studio mastery, Pink Floyd presents a  modest slew of songs with just enough catchy melodies to keep you  interested.  Though soon surpassed by the Roger Waters era of songwriting,  this album offers a good historical perspective of a band that would  eventually find enormous popular appeal.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I was never a big Metallica fan before these two discs came out. I bought &quot;Load&quot; whe it came out but never really got into their whole thing. &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; is a truly excellent track. When I used  to listen to rock more, I'm finding myself listening to hip-hop more. But  this CD keeps rock fresh and alive.
6304117752|5.0|I was extremely young when I watched the screen version at our local cinema in Bristol, England all those years ago. Then it brought tears to my eyes just as it does now. What can I say that hasn't already been said in  these reviews. The acting, singing, tension, storyline, realness are  jawdropping. It just goes to prove how violence and money do not make the  best films. Why it is not on dvd is one of the biggest mysteries of my  life.
6304117752|5.0|I was extremely young when I watched the screen version at our local cinema in Bristol, England all those years ago. Then it brought tears to my eyes just as it does now. What can I say that hasn't already been said in  these reviews. The acting, singing, tension, storyline, realness are  jawdropping. It just goes to prove how violence and money do not make the  best films. Why it is not on dvd is one of the biggest mysteries of my  life.
B000001Y42|5.0|Great music, great lyrics, great sound. Limp Bizkit's cd 'Three Dollar Bill Y'all' is a perfect example. The cd is a pure portrait of the best rock of this decade, and is energeticly charged with real, up-to-date  lyrics, and powerful, throbbing beats that never lose their edge, no matter  how often you listen to them.  This cd is a sound investment because you  inevitably fall in love with the exciting music, and the bursting  uniqueness will never grow old.  This band, and its members, are definatly  here to stay, and with this absolutely wild cd and everything it has to  offer, you'll never let your stereo rest.
6302794331|5.0|The apple doesn't fall far from the tree. Brian does his father much kindness in this work. I wasn't aware Jim had died before the making of this film, so it takes on more significance. I'm buying a copy so that when  I get down I'll watch and have my spirit lifted. Great job Brian.
B00000IQV6|2.0|Before the late film critic Gene Siskel died, he named Patch Adams the worst movie of 1998--I now know why. This is a heavy-handed, incredibly manipulative movie that somehow most everyone bought into and loved.  Unbelievable. Robin Williams overacts so much that you can almost hear him  screaming for an Oscar. This isn't the type of film that wins awards, it's  the type that's made to win them.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This CD is awesome. The lead singer reminds me of vedder and the mix of the distortion, acoustic electric guitars, and mandolins make a sound no other grunge or metal band could have. If you look deep into the words, you  can find the meaning of most of the songs. For instance, Faceless man  refers to a man who's yoke is easy and who's burden is light. The last line  is 'so won't you come in and never go away.'  Yes, Creed is a band with  moral songs mixed into the mainstream of popular music. A MUST BUY CD
0385486804|4.0|I  finished the book in 2 days and loved it.  The man wasn't crazy but he sure was  unprepared.  I don't think I'm THAT adventurous!
B00000HZFH|5.0|I don't know about using this album as a seduction aid like the fellow a couple o' reviews past me... ba, a friend let me borrow this (thanks e.) and I listened to it and junked it - listened to it every now and then -  and then as the previous reviewers said 'got hooked'. This really is a  fantastic album, I don't know about the REM references either (maybe  vocally...) - seems closer to OK Computer for guitar sonically (off the  cuff and frantic), sans samples and other weirdness - I guess I pay  attention to guitar... but overall, a beautifully produced and masterfully  artistic effort. ...and guess what... '' you were right when you said,  'this is the end' ''.
0312243022|3.0|I liked and I disliked this book for the same reasons: I found this book well written, intellectual, a little too snobbish, a little too &quot;built up&quot; to make a perfect construction. In this book the characters and  the situations that would have had the  potentialities to be described in  vivid colors (a strong red, a shining yellow, a bright green) are described  in pale pink, nice fuchsia or cute violet. The final impression is of a  nice book , nothing else.
B000031WD9|5.0|Not many comedies over the years have really put a smile on my face.  I long for the old days of Porky's, Revenge of the Nerds and the other *classic* comedies didn't mind using sex, nudity and profanity to make an  audience laugh.  American Pie not only surpasses the *classics* but  hopefully will set the standard for the next generation of comedies to be  released into theaters.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|As a long-time fan of Savage Garden, I was hoping for something to rival their first album, and I got it times ten.  With it's intense dance tracks, and beautiful ballads this cd is very Savage Garden, yet it's unique; it's  not a carbon copy of their first cd.  This cd is a must for anyone who  liked the first one, and if you haven't heard Savage Garden, this cd is a  good place to start.
0385484518|2.0|In my opinion, it's mostly hype. It is a very LIGHT book. I wanted more about Morrie instead of the narrator/author. When I discovered that Morrie had written his own book, I wished I had not bought and read Mitch Albom's  book about him. Although I have not bought/read Morrie's book yet, I would  hope it's better--or at least worth the time you spend to read it, in  comparison to Mitch Albom's book that should be about Morrie!
B00002MZ12|5.0|This is truly Alanis Morissette at her best.  This recording includes songs from Jagged Little Pill and Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie as well as several previously unreleased pieces.  The new songs are very good,  somewhat different from typical Alanis but excellent all the same.  I don't  normally buy cds with songs that are on an album I already have, but I did  and it was definately worth it.  The songs are performed very differently  from the way they were on the album and with the exception of Ironic, I  think it is a great improvement.  (Ironic still sounds great, I just liked  the original better.)  I love what Alanis has done with You Oughta Know;  she has removed the bitterness and abrasiveness and turned it into a  beautiful and moving piece.  I also like the different version of I Was  Hoping and Joining You; it is much different and gives a completely  different mood.  This is a fantastic collection.
0684874350|5.0|i read on my commute to work (by train)and so, if i stay awake through the ride, it's a miracle.  but with Angela's ashes the pages passed and before i knew it, my trip was over.  i finished the book in about 5 commutes (10  hours give or take).<br />if you have ever been frustrated by an old priest or  nun telling you to offer up some insult to god, and wondering instead why  they don't offer sympathy or help, you will see where this nonsense came  from.<br />by the way, there is a small undercurrent of the irish community  who denounce the book because it brings up the bad side of ireland, and  they usually maintain that their family was never like the McCourts.  well,  my family was not either, but the book tells its great story  nonetheless.<br />by the way, i've been to Limerick in the Fall.  can't  imagine a more depressing,damp, grey place.<br />read the book.  read 'tis as  well
B000002KHB|5.0|I remember as a child going to my grandmother's house and playing with her record player.  Most records she had were a droopy collection of either Gospel or Christmas music (grandma music).  But, my mother had left a  record there that she forgot to take with her when she married/moved in  with my father.  That was this album.  When she became a Christian, she  burned every record she had, some of which were valuable, but (thank some  godly force) that wasn't at her house.  When I was 8, I tried to listen to  it and got scolded, being told to NEVER listen to the record, because good  little boys didn't like all of that.  I remember sneaking it home in a  pillowcase to listen to it. I then remember how my parents freaked out when  I started coming out of my shell and listening to music she hated.  I then  asked if I could get that record next time we went up to my grandmother's  house.  She gave-in.   Now for the content... GREAT!  it was worth all the  trouble I went thru trying to listen to it as a child.  The songs are the  ones that slashed the peace &amp; love era with a 2-sided sword.  What a  record.  Highway Star remains one of my favorite songs, and this record is  one of the holy grails of my record collection. No words to describe the  experience, just buy the tape/c.d./record(wait... aren't those obsolete?)   Anyway, any format you choose, get it!
B000020617|5.0|This is a great CD sung by the Foo Fighters. It is their best yet. The songs are highlighted by Stacked Actors, Breakout, and Learn to Fly. i would recomend this song to everyone who likes good rock with no cursing.
0385121679|5.0|Okay, if you have read other stephen kings books and found them NOT scary well......the shining proves you wrong. this is one of the greatest horror books i think beacause it's intelligent, chilling, entertaining, a good  read, and terrifying and scary! im 13, and before i read it i thought (the  467 pages) would be too long for me to do it as a book project. well, i  started reading it and i was glued to it. i read about 40 pages a night.  it's not slowly paced and it goes smoothly and it is not too detailive.  before this, i have read 6 other SK books. they were scary. but once i read  the shining, i knew this was the scariest. i then saw the movie with Jack  Nicholson. he played a great &quot;Jack&quot;. he creeped me out and i just  made it through before pressing the stop button (the remote was in my hand  the whole time). incredible, mind boggling, intelligent,  sophisticated,  disturbing, grotesque, horrifying all of those words describe THE SHINING.
B000002MTR|4.0|I don't know what is wrong w/ all these Chili fans that hate this album.  Yes, Navarro came, he saw, and he left, big deal.  That's no reason to criticize this album just b/c it doesn't sound like John.  It is true that  this album is different than some of their others, such as BSSM, Mother's  Milk, and the new Californication, but you fans need to accept the fact  that Navarro was just another Chili guitarist who presented his own ideas  to the band and expanded their horizons.  This album is a great mix of  punk, funk, mellow rock, and heavy metal.  If you're a fan of any of the  above, you should check out this album.  The only reason I gave it four  stars is b/c i think the guys over-did on fillers.  On BSSM, the previous  album, nearly every one of the seventeen songs were good, but on this  thirteen-song album some of the songs seem useless, especially  &quot;Pea&quot;, a minute-and-a-half long song w/ a boring bass line and  basically meaningless profanity.  Sure, RHCP does a lot of profanity, and  most of it further expresses the song, but this stupid opus should have  never been put on the album.  There are many high points on the album,  however, such as Aeroplane, My Friends, Coffee Shop, Tearjerker, and  Transcending, not to mention the awesome Deep Kick.  With all of that said  I believe this album was much under-rated, and Chili fans should respect  Navarro's former presence in the band instead of rejecting it.
6305127646|4.0|Well it's kind of hard to describe this film. It's such a mix of elements that you can't really categorize it. On the one hand it's a romance with great chemistry between Elisabeth Shue and Val Kilmer. On the other hand  it's and action film with the standard chase scenes, car explosions, etc.  Then there's the spy/thief type element, with Val Kilmer brilliantly  playing the chameleon 'saint.' There's even a sub-plot about the need for a  clean energy source. <br />So obviously with all those elements there's  something in here to appeal to everyone. That's not to say the movie's  perfect. Look elsewhere if you want a serious drama, or oscar caliber  performances. But honestly the film succeeds on all counts to be  entertaining and engrossing.<br />The DVD version doesn't have a lot of  extras; only audio commentary and the trailer. However the picture quality  is amazing. This is probably the sharpest and brightest DVD I have in my  collection. The sound quality is also excellent.<br />So if you want a fun and  entertaining movie that you can watch again and again, by all means pick up  this disk!
B000002LQR|5.0|The chili peppers are undeniably one of the most talented bands of the '90s, and this album is what really put them at the peak of modern music as they are now.  All of the songs are great!  Not only is there plenty of  standard RHCP funk, like &quot;Give it Away&quot;, &quot;Suck my  Kiss&quot;, and &quot;Power of Equality&quot;, but there are also plenty of  beautiful ballads, such as &quot;I Could Have Lied&quot;, &quot;Breaking  the Girl&quot;, and the best song on the album: &quot;Under the  Bridge&quot;.  The only thing I'd say these guys could work on are the  lyrics.  It seems like in most songs, despite a few beautifully written  ones such as &quot;Under the Bridge&quot;, they string meaningless pieces  together, and &quot;Sir Psycho Sexy&quot; is too raunchy for I think most  fans.  I'd prefer if they kept their sexual fantasies to themselves.   Musically, however, this is all-in-all a masterpiece.  They're so talented  in every aspect, and now that Frusciante's back in the band I'm even more  excited!  Pick up Californication along w/ BSSM, you won't be dissapointed!
6305169187|3.0|Though not a big fan of the action genre like Die Hard and such, I have always liked Bruce Willis and appreciated his work.  Here again, he gives a very good performance of decidedly mediocre material.  Now, the special  effects are exciting and awesome, so far as they go -- though there's not  enough of them. (The &quot;opening shots&quot; sequence of the minimeteors  hitting NYC was beautifully done, both exciting and also delightfully  humorous at times; the all-too-infrequent bits that follow, such as the  destruction of Paris and Hong Kong, are also fine.) But the  &quot;story&quot; is not only improbable, but tired as well.  And of a  rather juvenile mindset.  The whole long, loud, annoying oil rig scene,  supposed to establish 1) how coooollll Willis' character is 2) Affleck's  predictable relationship with Willis' daughter 3) how rrreally cooollll  Willis's character is and 4) how cool all the other driller misfits are --  is one that I peremptorily fast-forward through.  And some of the scenes  are ruined (for me) by the frenetic rock soundtrack which is, especially  for people who aren't big fans of that style, PARTICULARLY grating.  In  short, I wondered if Advil or Tylenol sponsored the film because it is  capable of generating whopper headaches.  A good film for an afternoon or  evening, on a multiple bill with DEEP IMPACT and one or two George Pal  films like WHEN WORLDS COLLIDE or THE WAR OF THE WORLDS -- but don't lose  your remote!
0060977493|1.0|This book seemed like a curry that had way too much curry powder in it -- to use an analogy. The writer kept going off on tangents and never quite got back to the circle of her story. The language was pretentious and the  sentence *velvet over sandpaper&quot; to describe a *calloused* hand  touching a nipple, made me want to laugh. I had my eyebrows risen through  out the book and if there was a story I couldn't see it. Maybe I am not an  intellectual person and that's why the book seemed to be hanging on the  tenous threads of bombastic language and description. I will pass on Roy.
B0000399WI|5.0|Great movie in every respect.  Should have won out over Forrest Gump for best picture, but who cares anyway?  One of the best movies of all time...
0345315227|3.0|I finished reading the last of the series in about two days and have decided that it is an ok book. It is not like the first three books that ACC wrote but I don't think any author tries to make his/her books like a  previous one. It is a good read and can keep a readers interests.  A  comment to the other reviewers of this book...I find it amazing that you  have such limited minds when it comes to sci-fi. Upon reading your comments  I can tell that you can only see maybe one or two years in the future. Why  are the genetic ideas set forth in this book so unbelievable, we are  starting on cloning right now. As for the comment about circumcision in a  review..when you think about it. If an alien saw us today I can imagine  their horror at seeing how we cut ourselves in order to promote hygine. If  you look at current opinions of doctors, circumcision is unneccesary in  today's modern society. I cannot see this practice surviving till 3001  either. I saw nothing in this novel that was far fetched. It is only far  fetched if you keep your mind locked in 20th century thinking. I suspect  that we as a civilization will accomplish the technological and medical  concepts of this book way before 3001 and a whole lot more!
0767805712|5.0|I checked this out from the library with some uncertainty, but I am very impressed.  This movie doesn't need super special effects or CGI rendered scenes because the story is fantastic.  The movie does have some flaws, but  still great.  If you get the DVD, skip the &quot;bonus&quot; scenes, they  detract from the overall story.  Definately worth a watch.
0880389052|5.0|I advise reading this series before going to the Icewind Dale trilogy simply because it gives you a better feel for the Drizzt Do'Urden character when you read from origin on.  This should be read &lt;correction&gt;  This   is REQUIRED READING for any DM who wishes to run a campaign set in the  underdark.  Salvatore did his homework on this one. This book is a classic  waiting to be made into a cheesy B movie (a la Robert Heinlein's Puppet  Masters). Salvatore presents a HUMONGOUSLY detailed setting for this story  not only painting the broad strokes of detail in your mind's eye, but then  going over them with a fine-toothed comb until you have a fleshed-out idea  of the setting &amp; the inhabitants of Menzoberranzan.  I enjoyed every  minute of reading this book.  I recommend it to anyone who has ever enjoyed  a fantasy novel.
6300216039|5.0|&quot;Romeo &amp; Juliet&quot; is probably the most beloved, well-known love story ever.  Shakespeare, of course, is very difficult to transcribe onto the screen, however many directors feel compelled to do so, some to  little acclaim.  And, as expected with any Shakespearean play, many film  versions are made, some better than others.  There are five versions (The  1936, 1968 and 1996 versions being the most popular) of &quot;Romeo &amp;  Juliet,&quot; each made during and focused at a different generation.  The  pinnacle of all versions is the 1968 Franco Zeffirelli version starring  Olivia Hussey &amp; Leonard Whiting.  The two stars, ages 15 and 17  respectively, are captivating in the lead roles.  They retell the oft told  saga of the Capulet &amp; Montague lovers with such beauty and innocence  it's enchanting.  Featuring the now classic Nino Rota score (made popular  by Henry Mancini in 1969 as the #1 hit &quot;Love Theme from 'Romeo &amp;  Juliet'&quot;), beautiful direction, gorgeous costumes and eye-popping  sets, Zeffirelli's &quot;Romeo &amp; Juliet,&quot; arguably the greatest  love story of all-time, is the sweetest, most romantic film ever made.
B000002LRX|4.0|This album features the best vocals of Mike Patton. The compressed and frightening cool vocals are like none ever produced today, especially on songs like Malpractice and Caffeine. I like all FNM albums, but the ones  that featured Jim Martin are the strongest (We Care Alot, Introduce  Yourself, Real Thing &amp; Angel Dust). Jim Martin's own &quot;Milk and  Blood&quot; album is definitely worth checking out under Amazon if you like  the heavy side of FNM.
B000002ADT|5.0|A brilliant CD is this one.  This is truely the top of the list when it comes to essential Jazz recordings to own, however don't just stop on this CD and say that this is the only Miles Davis CD to own...There is so many  brilliant Miles Davis recordings to own such as Sketches Of Spain, Miles  Ahead, Bitches Brew, In a Silent Way, Milestones, Steamin, the list goes on  and on..However if a person who is unfamiliar with the recordings of Miles  Davis wants to be introduced to his style, then this is definitely the one  to get.
6305627401|5.0|Of course the movie is great, the tunes are catchy  the characters are hilarous. And I show it to my 7-year old son with no restraint - he does not understand English yet and just enjoys the songs and happenings.<br />I  was disgusted just once - when this bloody sausage sprung from inside the  Saddams blanket. What was the reason for this? It's not very funny and even  amidst all this cartoon violence, profanities and gore this episode is  unnecessary and embarassing. I suppose the creators just got carried away  by the overall mood of the movie.<br />My favourite scenes are Brooke Shields  fart confession, the general's unwillingness to disclose any knowledge of  Emancipation Proclamation - he considers it pure hip-hop!  Also I liked the  idea of Baldwins living together with the same phone number - just  different extensions. I share the common admiration of the hit songs and  episodes but these are my special little gems.<br />So it's good, very good.  The only thing that bothering me now is that there are many - perhaps too  many - cartoons exploiting the image of swearing young vandals. Beavis  &amp; Butthead, Rugrats(both of them are also represented by quite  successful full-lenght features), Simpsons - and now South Park. This is  mostly a parody but parody can not prevail  over the norm. It's just a way  to deal with common stuff, to make a fun of it and take it with the grain  of salt. But now we have much more than a grain. Just remember how funny  were the Naked Gun movies and what a garbage are Leslie Nielsen's last  efforts. The jokes are seemingly in the same vein but how stale they  became!<br />South Park is a peak achievement and I am afraid the only road  from here is downslope. Hope I am wrong. Let's see.
B000002AH7|5.0|This is truely a landmark of Jazz, blending classical Spanish Music with Jazz that equals a par excelance that is very rare indeed.  This is a recording that both Jazz and Classical enthusiasts will enjoy listening to  over and over again.  Concierto de Aranjuez is a perfect beginning to this  journey of emotion and color of sound.  Miles doesn't try to drown out the  sound of the Gil Evans orchestra with his trumpet, rather he blends  wonderous sounds with it.  Any Davis/Evans recording is worth acquiring,  however if you had to choose just one, then this is the one to get.
B00000DMJF|5.0|The Beatles started out with simple love songs, but after the long sessions in the recording studio, their sound matured and this is the fruit of this labor.  While My Guitar Gently Weeps, Blackbird and Sexy Sadie are  some of the best songs to come from the pens of the talented Liverpoolers.   The vocals that Lennon and McCartney supply are the typical feeling tones  that fit each song perfectly.  Starr and Harrison also make excellent  contributions through their few songs.  The background music to each song  is so different in style that you find yourself listening to each song  intently so that nothing is missed.  You will want to listen to the album  again and again just to pick up each subtle phrasing that the guitar rifts  supply.  An excellent album, and it is a must to see how the Beatles  progressed along with the times.
B000002UAO|3.0|so I don't mind much if songs are added to the original album when it is rereleased on CD, but for the love of God, don't take songs off... WHERE IS FALLIN'?  Get out your vinyl, people--it used to be there... I just think  it was a really poor executive decision.  Do yourself a favor and go find  the record instead.
B00000HZFH|2.0|Keep It Like A Secret is not without its inspired moments.  Doug Martsch's sweet vocal/guitar assault is obviously 'on' on the Carry The Zero track.  However, for the most part this album fails to deliver the goods in the  wake of its predecessor, Perfect From Now On.  On that album, the songs  were allowed to evolve into whatever organic beast befitted them - part of  the joy of PFNO is that the songs sound like they were based on inspired  improv sessions that went on just long enough.  This newer record, however,  has songs that either shorten and condense the formula to maybe score a  modern-rock-radio hit single - Center Of The Universe is the best example  of this - or DO rock on for 7 or 8 minutes but for no reason as the magic  just isn't there.  Also of note is the production of this record  - it's  too sweet and trebly - it's hard to listen to the first 3 tracks on the  album without feeling like you need some bass in your diet.  However, all  said and done, it's still better than a lot of stuff out there, and if you  like indie guitar rock a la Guided By Voices, Pavement et al, you'll find  stuff to like here.  There's little doubt that BTS are under SOME kind of  self-imposed or label-imposed pressure to make some kind of a buck doing  their music, but let's hope that Martsch lets his talent and uniqueness  come out more in their next offering.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I, like so many others, bought the CD because of the &quot;Roswell&quot; theme, but I had no clue that the entire album was going to be so good. The lead singer sort of reminds me of Sarah McLachlan, and I love Sarah so I  was really impressed with this album.  My favorite songs are:<br />&quot;Here  with Me&quot; - The Roswell theme; &quot;Thankyou&quot;; Honestly O.K. -  which is just so sultry; &quot;Take My Hand&quot;; and  &quot;Hunter.&quot;<br />It really is a great album that you can listen to  stright through. I recommend it to anyone who likes Sarah or Tori Amos.<br />I  hope DiDo goes far, and this CD deserves lots of praise and P.R.
B00002MZ4W|1.0|You gotta be kidding me!  THIS is what you call an 'album'?  No way, Jose!  Not even CLOSE!  This is a poor excuse for music.  Do yourself a favor and watch some old Magnum PI reruns instead.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I heard some music playing in a record shop and aksed who it was, becauuse I liked it, I really liked it, so I bought it.  This is kind of trance like  music and it calms me down, what could be better?  Oh yeah.....it makes 30  minutes of NORDIC TRACK go buy a little less painfully.
0812548094|4.0|Kahlan is the heroine we would all like to be. Excellent rea
B000002KK2|5.0|Short and sweet. Without a doubt one of the best artist debuts ever. If possible, on her second release, 'Pirates', she topped herself. Rare accomplishment indeed.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie is amazing... The story is perfect, the effects are breathtaking, and the acting is great. Once you see this, you'll want to see it again.
0345363132|5.0|I doubt Richard was the near saint he is portrayed to be in this novel (You don't take the throne of England unless you truly want it, even if it would have been your duty), but Penman's novel is superb and gives a real  introduction to this period and the debate about this much too-maligned  monarch in a thoroughly entertaining and fascinating way.  As a medieval  historian, I loved it.  My brother, who hates history, also loved it.  You  will too!
B000002H33|4.0|Amazon offered me to make a review of Master of Puppets from Metallica. Well I gratefully took the oppertunity to write down all my experiences of Metallicas Master of Puppets. I will explane why I gave the CD 4 stars. The  best CD I think they ever made was And justice for all, so the 5 stars is  preserved for that CD. Master of Puppets has the second place After the  CD's Kill 'm all &amp; Ride the lightning MoP came out. It had another  sound then RtL and K'mA. Instead of the simple Speed Metal like riffs off  the first two CD's ( like Whiplash, Seek&amp; Destroy etc.) it also has  more technical music (think about Fade to Black). The first song Battery  shows that they keep the music fast, but that they have other qualities  then a fast riff and an unbelieveable fast solo. Master of Puppets (the  second song) shows the real metallica sound, speedmetal, with a beautiful  interlude: a simple solo played by James Hetfield, lead by a simple riff.  It all end with a a beautifull fast solo by Kirk. Another markup is  Sanetarium, a recepe that Metallica had shown with Fade to black (RtL) and  later with the hit One (And Justice for All...), and with Leper Messiah and  the other songs (except Orion)  you got a good example of what made  metallica one of the founders of the new Heavy Metal.
6304983778|5.0|What a film!   Look out for the cheesy lines from Sanna and BZ.   I cracking laugh for any day!
B00001QGPR|4.0|After a few dissapointments this is the best Bowie album since Scary Monsters.Beside 1 Outside in 95 Bowie has been a little too 'safe' of late but hours proves that he still has that spark.Highlights include Survive  and Something in the Air plus The dreamers taking us back a few decades of  musical style.<br />Not the best bowie ever but he's certainly getting back to  form - we know Bowie's not finished yet!<br />Not a fan of Bowie? don't worry,  there's still lots to like on this album whatever your taste.
0767821629|4.0|I rented this movie because it was billed as similar to &quot;The Matrix&quot;.  While I thought the movie was good, I was very impressed by the performance of the lead, Craig Bierko.  While I was impressed with  Bierko in &quot;The Long Kiss Goodnight&quot;, I thought he was even better  in this movie.  I think he has a lot of potential and look forward to  seeing much more from him.
6300218031|5.0|As a person addicted to '80s movies, this is a classic---love, geeks, preps, etc.  The &quot;practice&quot; kissing scene between Keith (Eric Stolz) and Watts (Mary Stuart Masterson) is worth buying the movie alone.   Whose heart doesn't skip a few beats when you watch that kind of kiss!    It's a perfect movie for all us John Hughes' fans.
630562285X|4.0|FYI &quot;Entrapment is a superb letterbox transfer, but is not 16:9 enhanced aka anamorphic.
6304077955|5.0|I could watch this movie over and over again and come away with something new. It vastly underrated and missunderstood, and I can only concur with my fellow reviewer that those who did not appreciate this film are devoid of  original thought.
6305627347|5.0|south park the movie is an extremely funny parody of itself which is chock full of swearing and suggestive references. this is definitely NOT for your kids, sorry. but if you have a good, nondescriminating sense of humour,  you'll love this movie.
B000002BPS|5.0|Ixnay is second only to Smash (6 stars) when it comes to punk music. I choose and Gone away are the best songs on here; with mota, meaning of life, and all i want not far behind. This is where the offspring were  trying different styles of music, and on this album it works. You might  argue that this music isnt as hard as some earlier stuff, but that doesnt  make it bad music. Its sad to see that they went from this to Americana.
6305627347|5.0|south park the movie is an extremely funny parody of itself which is chock full of swearing of suggestive references. this is definitely NOT for your kids, sorry. but if you have a good, nondescriminating sense of humour,  you'll love this movie.
0451169514|5.0|This has been my favorite book since I was 9 years old and you can never re-read this book too many times.
B000009ED0|5.0|OKAY, SO IF YA CANT TAKE THE PROFANITY, THERE IS AN EXCELLENT EDITED VERSION, WHICH PERSONALLY WORKS MUCH BETTER AROUND CHILDREN.  BUT I HAVE BOTH VERSIONS.  THIS IS SUCH A GROOVIN' CD!   TALENT IS IN THE EYE OF THE  BEHOLDER AS IS BEAUTY, PERSONALLY I FEEL KID ROCK WAS BLESSED WITH BOTH!   HE TENDS TO BE IN A LOVE IT OR HATE IT CATEGORY, SO WITH THAT, PONDER TO  YOURSELF....  HAVE YA LOVED WHAT YOU HAVE HEARD ON THE RADIO?  COWBOY,  BAWITDABA, ONLY GOD KNOWS WHY?   IF SO PLEASE WASTE NO MORE TIME AND ORDER  IMMEDIATLEY, YOU WILL BE SORRY THAT YOU DIDN'T DO IT SOONER! I WAS!
B0000039PW|5.0|After reading some of the reviews, I felt I had to lay down the truth about this CD. If you can't guess from the title of this review, this is the best CD ever. Biggie blazed from track 1 to track 17. And track 8 was  an interlude. Nobody can touch this album, not even 2Pac. Because Pac was a  poet and Biggie was a rapper, I mean &quot;The Greatest Rapper To Ever  Live&quot;. B.I.G. Forever.
B000002W4V|5.0|Reed doesn't come any better than this.  The transition from Intro to Sweet Jane is masterfully woven, and the fretwork on Rock and Roll is blinding.  All rock, with a tough of jazz, and still maintaining that  garage band energy.  This is without a doubt my favorite Lou Reed!
B0000025BL|5.0|There are certain albums that stand out in any time period, among any generation.  There are certain voices that never fade away.  There are certain themes that never die out.  Meat Loaf is one of those voices, and  Bat Out Of Hell is a masterpiece of an album, created with the help of Jim  Steinman.  Bombastic in the truest sense of the word, the album is one  massive dose of testosterone, the teenage experience, life, and rock and  roll.  More than twenty years later, the album still sounds as good as it  did the day it came out, and after a fifteen year absense from the  spotlight, Meat Loaf himself is back with an equally brilliant sequel  &quot;Bat Out Of Hell II: Back Into Hell&quot;, and a wonderfully intimate  Storytellers tour, in which he electrifies small venues with his anecdotes,  stories, sense of humor, and songs, answering questions, goofing off, and  having a great time with his audience.  While Meat Loaf was known for a  role in &quot;Rocky Horror Picture Show&quot; (both the stage productions  and film) and other stage work, it is this album that is the pinnicle of  his career.  For die hard fans, interested listeners, and anyone who enjoys  rock and roll, this album is not to be missed.
6305627347|5.0|Even though this movies was quite grusome I exstermley enjoied it.  I know, I know it cut-up races but it didn't all focus on one race.  It sure didn't stop me from laughing! Once You Enter the south park world you won't  want to come out, or that's how I felt when The movie was over.  THIS IS  DEFENITLY A CLASSIC AND DEFFENCLY A KEEPER. Quite from movie, ''You and me  and her and she simultaneus ...... me, baby one, two, three!
B000002LCU|5.0|Cloud 9, along with &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;, is one of George Harrison's best efforts. George was always in the shadow of Lennon/McCartney, but is a fine musician all his own (his slide work is  unmatched). This is a very well-recorded album, and Jeff Lynne's production  efforts are well noted. This also serves as the start of &quot;The  Traveling Wilbury's&quot; efforts with Harrison, Lynne, Tom Petty, Bob  Dylan and Roy Orbinson. If you buy just one George Harrison album, get this  one.
B00003A9QL|1.0|I own the real S&amp;M not the &quot;clean&quot; version. What a bunch of BS people who need a &quot;clean&quot; version just shouldnt buy this. It completely demerits the band the album and especially the creativity that  went into this album. Youre practically better off listening to another  band play these songs as this was not the way Metallica wanted it to be. I  would give the normal version 5 stars but because of ridiculas censor ship  i gave this one star. You have MR. Dee Snyder of &quot;Twisted Sister&quot;  to thank for the oppressive and irrational branding of albums for expliced  lyrics.
6305280762|5.0|This movie is typical of 1970s disaster movies, and is far more plausible than Godzilla ever was. The all-star cast goes a long way to make the movie work.  If you read the credits, you'll find that one of the kids stuck in  the building was played by Mike Lookinland, who went on to become Bobby  Brady.  Ah, the 70s...
B00000JCB2|5.0|This Cd is great. I think that everyone that likes  rap, and has some taste in metal should buy it. The best songs on here are N 2 Gether Now, Break Stuff, and Nookie.  P.S. BUY THIS CD!
0767817478|1.0|Ohhh, this is not the hero I raised with when I was young, this is an act of mockery ! Oh, yes, I forgot ! we have a hero ! Matthew, yes !... a hero with the worst acting ever in his career with a cast even far behind (  except Jean Reno ). Maria Pitillo, Hank and all the others truly deserved  to be squished by the real hero ( although it looked like anything but G ).  Senseless, where's the lesson here ? that all we believed in should be  destroyed because epecial effects command so ? that Godzilla's death should  be accepted because this version has a greater budget ? Hmmmp, the guys in  rubber suits knew best ! Now, let's see the reviews... hmmm, can't say  nothing much but: &quot; everyone who expressed the movie was &quot; good  &quot; say this based on the fact of how &quot; COOOL &quot; were the  effects; the ones who actually disliked it give reasons of weight,  credible, convincing statements. Too bad, even though the profit turned out  to be good for the directors, that only proves how many people of low  intelect live in this world and how easily can they be used for profittable  causes.
B000002OG5|5.0|nino rota is a genius!  not only are his compositions beautiful, they are eerie, they are extremely sexy, and they are even sinister.  although this album was put together in 1972, i still wonder why it has never broke  through to popular culture.  i believe it would be a shame if it is left to  be labled as kitsch.
B000000FG8|5.0|OP ivy not only revolutioned punk and ska music. They spoke out on many political issues affecting the 80's. They are by far one of the greatest punk and Ska bands ever.
B000002KY8|5.0|When it comes to being strange, he's #1, when it comes to music, he's in the top 10.  DMSR is funk for the ages..
0930289331|5.0|I have never been much of a Batman fan since the TV show went off back in the late sixties; however, this collection from the late eighties shows a lot of the promise the character has always contained, but seldom realized.    Frank Miller is certainly one of the finest writers to emerge from comics  in the last generation of so, and  this is a fine example of his work.    His conception of Batman and the entire body of Bat-lore is unique, while  remaining respectful, if not cloyingly faithful, to the years of prior  continuity.  This story within is of parallel obsessions: Bruce Wayne's  passionate promise on his parents' grave to rid his city of the criminal  element and James Gordon's equally ardent impulse to do much the same, only  through traditional law enforcement means.  The portrayal of Selina Kyle as  the incipient Catwoman is particularly poignant and gripping as is the  long-suffering portrait of Barbara Gordon, the quintessential cop's wife.    While the art is interesting in a primitive, naive mode, David Mazzuchelli  and Richmond Lewis seem an unfortunate choice of artists for the work that  relaunched the entire Batman franchise.   Perhaps, however, it is a  testament to the strength of Miller's writing, that the art neither  detracts nor distracts from the story.
B000002KY8|5.0|When it comes to being strange, he's #1, when it comes to music, he's in the top 10.  DMSR is funk for the ages..
B00002MZ4W|5.0|The new Fiona Apple CD is really really good.  I love it tons.  The songs are so catchy, i can't listen to it enough.
B00003003R|1.0|The CD is messed up, so I have heard. The track list is out of whack and in fact I believe the CD is being recalled. Hope this clears things up.
0684867621|5.0|The story of Trisha McFarland, The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon, is much more than just a quick read about a 9 year old girl lost in the woods.  It is a rite of passage, a journey through all of the questions she has and the  pain she feels in her life.  As she makes her way through the woods, she  encounters her pain, her father's &quot;god&quot;, her fear, her hero Tom  Gordon, and ultimately, herself.<br />As good a book as any King has  written, this is another great example of his talent without all of the  horror story trappings that do tend to keep some readers away.  Many thanks  to Stephen King for a book that entertains on several levels.
B000002AVF|5.0|Let's get this straight. No matter how much Mariah has changed over the years, her music has been a constant. &quot;Daydream&quot; showcases many great songs, and 2 I cannot live without.<br />&quot;Always Be My Baby&quot;  is my favorite song of all time. It gets me in a great mood, and the lyrics  speak volumes. It is a song that will stay with me  forever.<br />&quot;Underneath The Stars&quot; also has great lyrics, and  provides a mellow atmosphere that makes this to be one of the better Mariah  songs.<br />Songs I also enjoyed were &quot;Fantasy&quot;,  &quot;Forever&quot;, and &quot;One Sweet Day&quot; (even though it made me  a little sick to my stomach after listening to it forever in '95).<br />This  is probably her 2nd best album in my opinion, after &quot;Butterfly&quot;.   All in all, &quot;Daydream&quot; is spectacular.
0440219078|4.0|This book I read first in 5th grade, and I loved it.  Then I read it again in 7th grade, understood more, and then finally the last time I read it was in 8th grade, 3 years ago, but I loved it.  I try to read it about every three years because it is the kind of book that you'll love hte first time  you read it, but the more you read it, the more you understand.  This book  is touching, and it makes one think about our own society and where our  future might be.  If taken seriously, this book is a work of art, written  so both children and adults can enjoy it.  Definitely I recommend this to  anyone who wants to see a different point of view on where technology and  the media might be leading us!
6300271285|4.0|If you are familiar with this play, then you will be in for a surprise with the film.  There are some basic and some huge differences between the two, but the number of stars that appear in the film from time to time will  keep you entertained and will keep your attention.  It can be scary for  younger kids, so watch the rating on this one.
0312853238|5.0|This book is one of those ones you can just keep reading... because it always speaks to you. There's always something in the story to stick out to you for you to identify with... whether it be the conflict between Ender  and his teachers, Ender and the other children, or the politics of Peter  and Valentine as they work to save the world from itself in Peter's quest  for power, it always has something for you to notice new, something else to  wonder over.
B00000JZC4|4.0|TAKE A PICTURE is the best song in this album! If you want an album that has real hard stuff balanced with nice melower tunes this album is for you!
B000031XCR|5.0|This CD is another Celine Dion masterpiece.  It's a well chosen, wonderful compilation of her best hits and some very enjoyable new ones. By the way, it looks like most of the negative reviews come from the same unhappy  person.  Use a little imagination - all your negativity sounds the same and  it's always written in lower case!
B000002J23|4.0|Is it YES without Jon Anderson? Er.....Most certainly!You see, Chris Squire (the holder of the flame)and Alan White, basically WENT FOR IT! This was at a time when YES was seen as WHAT? Who was in the band? Geoff Downes?  Trevor Horn? Around 1980 die hard YES fans were left floundering, in a  way.Then the backbone of YES (Chris Squire) decided to join up with a  couple of guys who called themselves BUGGLES (Video killed the Radio  Star)and YES had another guise. Trevor Horn is (or was) a great fan of Jon  Anderson and his vocal style in DRAMA fits the part. Chris Squire's  harmonies cut through even more so and in places, it must be said, one  wonders if the Daleks from Doctor Who have not had a part in it! It is a  bit cringingly pompous in places but that's progressive rock for you I  suppose. Anyway, musically the album delivers big time! YES has never been  orthodox and musical taste is, ultimately, a personal thing. The sound is  dynamic, melodic, offbeat and progressive to the utmost degree. It is a  very 'Chris Squire' album and to his credit. If you like the pure,  commercial, rythmic rock of YES in the mid to late eighties then maybe this  is not for you.....maybe? However, if you are from the school of 'Close to  the Edge'and such, then I urge you to give this album a listen. It really  is a crossover point between the seventies and eighties YES! A bit of a gem  really! Enjoy!
B000000OAH|5.0|JAZZ is one of the greatest albums of all time! \\"Mustapha\\" is a terrific song. I don't understand why some of you don't like it! Every song on this album is great. Simply put, BUY THIS ALBUM! *Side Note* The CD does not  come with the bicycle race poster. 'Tis a shame really...
0345438205|1.0|3001 is a thin little book which spends 80% of the time marvelling at all the technological achievements made since 2001.  Almost zero attention is devoted to the mystery of the monolith, actual characterization is marginal  at best, provocative theological questions are quickly mentioned then  ignored, major developments are summarized in a trivial second-hand fashion  totally bereft of any depth--and the ending is manages to be arrogant,  simplistic AND boring at the same time.  <br />It's pretty clear dollar signs  were dancing in ACC's head when he wrote this claptrap.  He should have  titled the book &quot;3001: All Right I Wrote Another One--Now Quit  Bothering Me&quot;
B000023VTQ|5.0|This is a great movie. It's definitely not as funny as FWAAF (Four Weddings And A Funeral), but FWAAF seemed more liked an extended sitcom, whereas this feels just like a romantic comedy movie should. Okay, there  are a few question marks hanging over elements of the movie and perhaps  even the plot, but hey, it's a comedy, what do you expect!  Buy this now  and go and snuggle up with your partner.
0800185250|5.0|This is one of the great movies made in the last fifty years.  This movie is the kind of film that any student of history should watch.  It is a good introduction to the topic of Indian Independence from Britian.  It does not  cover all the issues centered around Indian/Pakinstaini Independence, but  it is only three hours long.  <br />Highly recommended.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I can watch this DVD over and over and not get tired of it.  Everything is done so well.  Unlike some reviewers below, I have had no formatting issues.  Maybe they should check their equipment.
B000003NA4|5.0|This is probably one of my favorite albums. Diana is wonderful. The intimicy, the playfulness, the great piano playing and the guys with her. &quot;Peel me a grape&quot; is naughty and a knockout! Love &quot;all and  nothing at all&quot;, &quot;Garden in the Rain&quot; and everyone of her  choices. It isn't just rehashing old songs, it's finding the beauty in them  again and reinventing them in such a simple/but talented way. Very much  recommended.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I can't admit i've been a Blink fan since the beginning. I've only been a fan since 1997 when I first heard &quot;Dammit&quot; and got hooked on the masterpiece that is &quot;Dude Ranch&quot;.<br />Two years later, I believe  &quot;Enema of the State&quot; is the same Blink. They are indeed still  true to punk rock, and I don't care what anybody says because its so true.  With songs like &quot;Dumpweed&quot;, &quot;Anthem&quot; and even the  overplayed &quot;Whats my Age Again&quot; sticking to punk rock roots while  &quot;Aliens Exist&quot; and others let their more wild side be as wild as  they want I think nothing has changed with Blink except the fact that many  girls tend to like Blink just because they are &quot;hot&quot;.<br />Blink  didn't become a &quot;boy band&quot;, Blink didn't &quot;sell out&quot; (so  they make more t-shirts now and are on MTV, so what). &quot;Enema of the  State&quot; as equally enjoyable as their other works. Just forget what any  naysayer may say and pick up &quot;Enema&quot; and enjoy not only the two  (going on 3) chart ripping singles but the rest of this album that shows  all the fools who thought punk rock was dead that its just getting started.
0375707972|3.0|What impressed me far more about this book than the main plot (15 year old has sensuous affair with much older woman who turns out to be former SS Guard), was a seemingly minor issue in the book. That issue was that of how  the sons and daughters of the Germans who lived in Germany during WWII  dealt with their &quot;Holocaust Legacy&quot;. My parents are Holocaust  Survivors, and I have read a lot about the Holocaust, but little has been  written on the topic of that first generation of Germans born after the end  of WWII. The author articulately and clearly describes how the sons and  daughters of those Germans who lived through WWII absolutely had no respect  for their parents; that the sheer force of the genocide that their parents  conspired in, ignored, or did whatever, demanded that their children's  feelings toward them just had to plunge far deeper than the  &quot;typical&quot; disdain which every generation of young people have  toward their parents. My only wish is that the author had delved into this  topic even further; as he himself was born in Germany in 1944, he is indeed  a member of that postwar generation of Germans, and therefore has a unique  perspective on the subject. As for the book generally, the plot was nothing  short of incredible. With that said, I thought Parts I and III (the  beginning and ending of the book) were very well-written; the author does a  great job describing the sensuous affair of the teenager, and a great job  at the end, about his conflicting feelings towards his former lover during  and after her trial, and about what ultimately happens to her. However, the  middle of the book was awful; it was written in a superficial manner, with  no real character development. So remember: just keep reading until the  end. All in all, a fascinating portrayal, from a German, of what it means  for the post-war German generation to live with tremendously complex  feelings concerning the Holocaust and their parents.
B00001ZWTT|4.0|Will Smith makes this movie work.  The scenes are excellent and the movie is super.  The action is great and the soundtrack is awesome.  As far DVDs go it is also a superb release with the many amenities it has to offer.  It  might not be as big a hit as his previous movies but it was definitely  entertaining for family viewing.  The opening scene was hillarious.   Another winner for Big Willie Style.!
B000004166|3.0|I was dissapointed, especially after reading david Hurwitz's review, of this recording. The playing in General was too harsh for my taste, expecially in the andante of the 3rd concerto, the opening Adagio in the  5th concerto and the entrance of the violin and viola solo in the sinfonia  concertante. The recording isn't awful, but Arthur Grumiaux's recording of  the violin concertos aren't as good as Itzhak Perlman's recording with  James Levine and the Vienna Philharmonic. As for the Sinfonia concertante,  I suggest Anne-Sophie Mutter and Bruno Giuranna's recording with Neville  Marriner and the Academy of Saint Martin and the Fields. For a better taste  of Arthur Grumiaux, his recording of the Mozart String quintets with his  ensamble are tighter and has a better Mozartean elegance.
B000001DYY|5.0|Roland Orzabal is a true musician.  His music and lyrics are so obviously full of power and emotion that the resulting songs are like pillars of thick beautiful stone. <br />Raw guitars, satisfying beats, slick groves and  exceptional lyrics are the components of every  song found here.  This  album has such a diversity of music (though an obvious theme prevails  throughout) that an intelligent mind and good ears are required to accept  all on offer.  <br />My cd collection is vast, its artist representation  hugely varied, but Elemental is easily one of my favorites.  <br />Like the  sound of the wind or the crash of a wave (or the music of Enya), the music  found here is indeed elemental, timeless--and soothing to the soul!
6303402348|4.0|In my humble opinion, Hanks did not earn his Gump Oscar performance.  He probably got it just so he could be one of the actors who got back-to-back Academy Awards. The film is good, but not great.  It does have an excellent  soundtrack going for it, but music does not make a film(unless it's a  musical!)The different phases of his life are interesting, as are the  special FX.  Gary Sinise puts in a great performance as Lt. Dan. The film  touches on fragile subjects: Vietnam, AIDS, and treats them well.
0446525537|4.0|Nicholas Sparks surprises and delights his readers in this story of innocence and first loves.  His story transcends generations and classes; a delightful read.  Just remember the tissue; I used several.
B0000025RI|2.0|I don't remember if my family ever OWNED this album, all I know is that it is said to be the greatest album of all time. Well, that was the case, and whatever it was about this album that drove the whole world into a frenzy  for it, that may still be the case for some people. For me, it isn't. And  Mr. Jackson, with his screechy woman-like voice, doesn't know how to sing,  good as he used to be. His own sister, Janet, has the voice of an angel  compared to his. I suggest to future reviewers of this otherwise  &quot;impressive&quot; album listen to another landmark album out there,  like Andrea Bocelli's &quot;Romanza,&quot; and then compare: Is M.J. STILL  the so-called &quot;King of Pop&quot;?
B00002E23H|4.0|I enjoyed the movie Deep Blue Sea.  The movie was about sharks eating people.  Why do you need the character development of Jaws when most of the cast is dinner anyway.  The movie is not one to be dissected but just sit  and enjoy.  The scenes with the sharks are awesome.  This movie did for  sharks what Jurassic Park did for dinosaurs.  I thought the movie was  creepy and just waited for the sharks to dine on the actors.
0385493800|1.0|I am so sorry I did not pay enough attention to the negative reviews about this book. Not even worth the paper it's printed on. Please think twice before buying it, and only buy it if you're to offer it to s/o you don't  like. John Grisham used to write unputdownable books. Reading The Testament  makes you feel as dead as its main characters.
B00000J2L7|5.0|Awesome!   If you like black and white films with a touch of nuclear combat toe to toe with the Ruskies....  Then you will love this movie.  Peter Sellars is awesome!  George C. Scott is just as good.  He also said  that this was his fave role of all time...  BUY THIS FILM!
B000002NFM|5.0|Prodigy's music in The Fat of the Land portrays several scapes of electronica wrapped with traces of heavy metal and hip hop breakbeats.  This CD shows just how talented Prodigy can really be.  It is a complete  representation of the mind, body, and soul that can be found in Electronic  music.<br />My personal favorite track on this CD is Climbatize.  The song  still remains as one of my all time favorites.  Climbatize is some  INCREDIBLE ambience with luscious melodies that will completely stir all  your deepest emotions.  Other great songs, such as Smack My Bitch Up,  Breathe, and Firestarter are purely meant for the dancing crowd.<br />Overall,  this CD is amazing.  You will never find anything like this, ever.<br />Don't  forget to look for the other two Prodigy CDs, Experience and Music For The  Jilted Generation.  Both CDs are very different styles from Fat of the  Land, but still good.
B00000J2L7|5.0|Rent it, buy it..  The DVD I heard has some problems although I own it on DVD and it's fine.  Most people who don't think this is funny are probably under the age of 19 and think that burping is an art form.  George C Scott  is awesome in this film.  Mr. Sellers is superb.  BUT...  My hat is off to  Slim,  his role and acting ability make this film...  Watch out for that  CRM 114!
B00000K31Q|3.0|Third Rock from the Sun?  It's kinda wierd to see the couple in this movie and on the TV show.  OH well . . . <BR><BR> &quot;10 Things&quot;, like the better teen flicks out there, is loosely based on classic stories.   &quot;Clueless&quot; is based on Jane Austen's Emna.  &quot;She's All  That&quot; is based on (sort of) My Fair Lady/Pygmalion.<BR><BR> It's not  to say that &quot;10 Things&quot; or those other films derive even 1/10th  of the original's inspired creativity.  That's not the point.  The fact is  Shakespeare's &quot;Taming of the Shrew&quot;, like the other stories,  gives at least a base for entertaining characters and great sitcomy  situations.<BR><BR> And &quot;10 Things&quot; works well with that.  It's  not deep.  It's not that clever.  And the direct Shakespeare references are  sorta weak.  But, it has some pretty well-done funny, and sitcom-romantic  moments with contrasting characters and a complete story.  You're always  having a good time with the flick, you'll be totally rooting for the guy,  and &quot;10 Things&quot; definitely hits it off with how sisters can be.   How many teen flicks have that nowadays?<BR><BR> And oh yeah -- the lead  female actress rocks.
B00000IL1K|1.0|I had never been a big fan of Sarah Brightman's, finding her voice kind of tinny and small.  Then I accidentally listened to Time To Say Goodbye, which I adored and which I listen to over and over again.  Based on that, I  purchased this CD and was horrified.  I only liked about 3-4 of the songs.   I found it way over-produced, too loud, too showy.  I think she needs to  find a new agent/producer.  I have purchased subsequent CD's that I like -  Songs That Got Away, Andrew Lloyd Weber.  But this one I returned  immediately.
B00000DHRZ|2.0|This is NOT an Offspring CD.  Get Smash or Ignition instead.  If you don't own any Offspring CDs except this one by now, you are IGNORANT!  Please, if you first heard about them from MTV, buy Smash and discover MUSIC for the  first time.  I give the Offspring credit for The Kids Aren't Allright and  Feelings.  Those tracks rock, and that was the sole reason that I gave the  CD two stars instead of one, but face it, the Offspring went commercial and  sold out.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This was a great experience for Metallica because the only music that can be as powerful and passionate as rock like Metallica's is classical. Metallica's music has always been powerful and continues to evolve into  multidimensional pieces of music. This collaboration with the symphony  further enhances the music and adds depth to it. The moods that were  intended to be displayed are accentuated and defined by the violins, the  trumpets, the percussion instruments and every one of the 101 extra  musicians. Some people complain that they didnt have classics like Fade To  Black... well they discussed that in interviews... some songs that you'd  think would sound good with a symphony, just didn't. I extremely recommend  this album to die-hard, new, and non-metallica fans. I am glad that their  music is changing. Why do you think most of the other 80's bands faded  away? Because they didn't change one bit, they sold out and kept giving  people what they wanted until people wanted something different. Metallica  changed as they felt comfortable and evolved on their own. They've survived  despite their &quot;fans'&quot; critcisms. How come most of the poeple at  their concerts are die-hard fans? They learn to appreciate the esscence of  Metallica... going their own way wether you like it or not. As James says,  &quot;Live to Win, Dare to Fail.&quot;
B00000DR8R|5.0|pretty much the perfect pop album -- illuminates a complete spectrum of emotions without a bum track on the whole disc.  it's all here for you -- esp. joy, regret, bitterness.
006109594X|5.0|A great work of naval fiction, read it and you'll not want to put it dow
B000002UCQ|5.0|In the world of rock, this work of Harrison's is a crystal.  It is albums like All Things Must Pass that makes us all consider that the Breakup of the Beatles was a good thing (sad to say).  There are so many tracks here  that there is no way to do any detail summaries.  Suffice to say, &quot;I'd  Have You Anytime,&quot; &quot;Apple Scruffs,&quot; and &quot;Beware of  Darkness&quot; make it all worthwhile.  And if may buck a trend here, the  &quot;Apple Jam&quot; tracks are just fine, and very 1970.  I will chime in  with almost everyone with the opinion that a clean master is a must.  AND,  if those in control of such things would pay attention, it was in this time  period that Harrison and Dylan collaborated on a complete album, which was  never released.  This was no basement demo, if my understanding is correct,  but a recording worthy of release.  All we have ever heard out of this  session is the beautiful &quot;I'd Have You Anytime.&quot;  Please someone  step up to the plate and give us what we want - MORE HARRISON!  In the  meantime, I'll continue to spin this wax...
630445841X|5.0|i changed my whole attitude towards life, now it seems that the only movie i have ever seen.
0783113943|5.0|The entire movie is fabulous, but i would just like to pay special attention to Elizabeth Mitchell for her amazing performance as Angelina Jolie's love interest. Now i totally agree with everyone when they say that  Angelina's performance was flawless, but most people have a tendency to  over look Mitchell's character and her part which made the movie so  wonderful!  somehow Mitchell was able to steal all of the scenes she was  in, which is an especially hard task since most of the scenes are with  Jolie. she's amazing as Gia's lover. you are truly able to feel the love  Linda has for Gia, and this is in part thanks to the chemistry between the  two actresses but also because of Mitchell's obvious amazing talent at  completely giving herself to her part!  all i want to know is what else  she's has been or will be in!  i loved her in this movie and i hope that  she keeps portraying wonderful characters such as Linda!  so for everyone  who loves Gia, next time you watch the movie please pay special attention  to Elizabeth Mitchell's magnificent performance as the only person who  loved Gia unconditionally!
630445841X|5.0|i changed my whole attitude toward life. now it seems that the only movie i have ever seen.
B000000OU6|4.0|Its good! Even if you dont like Guns N Roses, you will find something here. Songs such as Neither Can I, Beggars, Doin Fine are really great. The vocals are thrilling. Slash guitars are even better... like a bird flying  out of the cage. After months with those giant gigs, the GNR boys  re-started with a nice try!
630445841X|5.0|i changed my whole attitude toward life. now it seems that the only movie i have ever seen.
B000002L9M|5.0|Depeche Mode have released so many amazing albums, and this is one of the best. More than any other album, I find myself listening to this when I am down in the dumps. I find myself humming &quot;Stripped&quot;,  &quot;Dressed in Black&quot;, and &quot;Sometimes&quot; almost once a day.  I can also say that the song &quot;Black Celebration&quot; is one of my  favortie songs of all time. My recommendation if you aren't a fan yet is to  buy the singles 86&gt;98 to get a good taste of DM first. It's a great  sample of what you're in for, since DM is not for everyone. Hey, I think  it's it's awesome that Martin Gore commented about this. That's the first  artist comment I have seen for any CD. Gotta love his lyrics and his voice  on &quot;Question of Lust&quot;.
0800141628|5.0|This movie is a complete marvel in capturing the true way youths are when together without supervision.  A tale of searching for something not exactly spoken, STAND BY ME is the journey of 4 boys looking for answers to  the uncertainties of life.  Gordon (our narrator) is troubled by his  brothers tragic death and his parents lack of interest in him since the  accident.  The part when the 4 friends are laying around the fire  discussing trivial things is accurate with that nostalgia that all people  have when remembering their childhood.  One thing our narrator learns in  the end is that although he hadn't seen or spoken with his best friend of  youth in years he still felt him to be his close friend.  A excellent movie  and highly recommended.  Oh and moms, do understand that your boys talk  like that when their together.
B00000G3PA|5.0|Armageddeon is a must see movie! The cast and crew did a terrific job. Not only does this movie have breathtaking special effects, the sound quality should bring home 5 stars as well. I own the VHS and DVD version, and I  must say that I was totally blown away from the picture and sound quality  the DVD version offers. This movie has alot of glued to your seat serious  moments, but as well, this movie has some falling out of your seat with  laughter moments as well. I loved every bit of it.
6301095294|5.0|This third Beatles movie is extremly good. I would recomend it to anybody, whether they are die-hard Beatles fans, or have never even heard of them before. Some of the best highlights of this movie were the only live  version of John Lennon singing &quot;I Am The Walrus&quot;, the food dream  scene, and the performance of  &quot;Your Mother Should Know.&quot; I  personally thought the performace of &quot;Blue Jay Way&quot; was boring,  but if your favorite Beatle is George Harrison, then you would probably  like this scene.
0061002860|2.0|This is defiantly not the best of Agatha Christie. The plot is just  to far fetched and easily detected. Hercule Poriot is one of my favorite characters. Try Murder on the Orient Express or the ABC Murders!
0441172717|5.0|Some people think ENDER'S GAME is the greatest sci-fi book of all time they are wrong. DUNE is the greatest and always will be I have read it twice my self and it keeps getting better and better. So if you like sci-fi  this is the book for you.
B00000G3PA|4.0|I just bought a Toshiba 3109 and here I am about to buy Armageddon on DVD...and I read that it skips from chapter 3 to 4. Does anyone know if this problem is remedied on the Criterion collection...can you go to that  individual chapter and watch it by itself...or is it just impossible to see  that scene with this player?
0786885246|5.0|As Jane Austen's most controversial novel, Mansfield Park continues to occupy an inveterate place in literature for its dark charm, its slow yet steady rhythm, its dry yet sharp and ironic humor, and of course fabulous  charaterization built on extensive description all within a country  challenged by progress.<br />Readers become acquainted with Fanny Price, a  victorian era Cinderella so it appeared--plucked from her family in  destitude to be allowed to blossom at her wealthy uncle's house, Mansfield  Park.  Of course being passive, steadfast, timid...certainlly lacking the  very fierce which makes Emma and Marrianne among other Austen heroine  memorable.  Yet withstanding the seductive charm of fortune and of  consequence, Fanny Price resists the wooing of a stranger Mr. CRawford who  puzzles everyone with his light gallantry and dark desires.  A soulmate  since childhood, Fanny's cousin Edmund yields in to Miss Crawford, who is  all but a nonessential part of Mr. Crawford's scheme of stolen pleasure.  Henry Crawford, certainlly one of the darknest characters ever portrayed,  more so then Willoughbe (excuse the sp.) is too caught up in the sensual  delights of his incessant conquests (including Fanny's 2 pretty cousins)  that even though he ackowledges the good influence Fanny's purity has on  his heart, he is too deeply sunken in his web of &quot;play&quot; to rise  and face truth of love.  Yes, Henry Crawford did love Fanny with his heart,  at least the pure part of it, unlike Edmund who loves Fanny only out of  brotherly affection.  But Fanny, whose steady character makes her an  unlikely candidate to Crawford's actual reformation, refuses Crawford's  sincerity and thus almost pushes him back into his bottomless hold of  scheme.  The storm thus takes place in the heart of London's upper society,  casting its shadow on the peaceful Mansfield Park community and shattering  everything Sir Thomas has persevered in building up--with fortune, and with  consequence...a mention of slave trade as well.<br />Mary Crawford is a  complex player, tainted by a society blindly wooing money and status, that  even Edmund is not able to save the good side of her.  Apart from Henry's  scheme, Edmund is forced to refocus and, voila, there is Fanny (no matter  how distasteful cousin-courtship is to many).<br />The movie adaptation of  this tale certainlly emphasizes the fighting nature of Fanny which is  rarely detected on pages.  Yet what IS acknowledged and admired in the  quiet little herione, is the perseverance so rare in a world on the verge  of revolution.
B00001QEBQ|4.0|For those who haven't seen Mulan, are the ones that are missing out on a great movie!  I own the VHS and DVD version, but I must say that I liked the DVD version better. The picture quality deserves 5 stars and the sound  quality deserves 4.5 stars. I am a Disney fan and you wouldn't believe how  many of the best movies turn out to be Disney animated movies.
6303913881|5.0|I thought this was a great movie. I thought Elizabeth B. did a great job. I felt that some of the lines could have been better, but I still thought it was a great movie.
6305627401|5.0|This show is definately not for the easily offended- But it is an absolute riot for the rest of us.  This is a great one to get when you want to have a good laugh without trying to figure out a complex plot.  Just remember to  put the kids to bed first!
B00000J7L8|5.0|EXCELLENT REMASTERED PIECE FROM PEOPLE AT MERCURY ESPECIALLY TO CHRIS HUGHES.TFF HAS ALWAYS BEEN MY IDOLIZED GROUP FROM THE VERY BEGINNING TILL NOW ALTHOUGH THEY ARE NO LONGER AS A BAND....I THING SO !  WISH THAT THEY  CAN PRODUCE ANOTHER ALBUM SINCE WE LAST HEARD &quot;SEEDS OF LOVE&quot;  &amp; SOLO ALBUM BY ROLAND &quot;RAOUL &amp; KING OF SPAIN&quot;. THE  HURTING ALBUM HAS SO MUCH I WOULD SAY &quot;IMPRESSION&quot; &amp;  &quot;EXPRESSION&quot; FEELINGS FROM THE GROUP.
B000000OSG|5.0|Greetings again..<br />..it was all the way back in 1992 when I first heard the track 'Knockin' On Heaven's Door'.. ..I never knew that I would become a core fan of this band back then.. ..and today, still longing for Izzy  Stradlin's good lyrics and reunion with the band..I just couldn't stop  listening to Axl's vocals and Slash's frettings..<br />..as a matter of fact,  I gave away a number of cassettes and a CD (of this band) which I bought  several times to friends and cousins, and ended up in buying new ones  again, instead..still look and sound good..<br />..well, 'Don't Cry',  'Estranged' and 'Knockin' On Heaven's Door' have become my usual jam  numbers and singing sessions for fun..and to make things better, Geffen  Records even have released a VCD collection of GNR's memorable hits..all  music videos that have been shot for the last couple of years...<br />I hope  this album could use up all your illusions to explore the real you,  physical and mental capabilities..and emotions. It would also definitely  help all new comers to guitars to play along all the easy chords that  follow each and every catchy tunes in this album.
B000002L9B|5.0|NewPowerSoul could not have been more accurate.  1984 to 1988, in my opinion,was the Golden Age for Prince Music.  Parade is among the crown jewels of that era.  It defies definition and breaks boundaries.  Can you  think of another funk record that is almost completely devoid of bass?<br />In  any event, this is a groundbreaking LP and thoroughly enjoyable.  Buy the  album.  For more comments, see &quot;a music fan's&quot; review.<br />Peace.
B000001FN3|5.0|I'm not particularly an APP fan, but I love listening to this album, again and again and again.  The music pulls you along with it, slightly threatening and a little disturbing, as Poe intended the verse to be.
B0000203YT|5.0|I LOVED this movie and was fortunate to have Santa bring it to me for Christmas. Gwyneth Paltrow was excellent, but it was Joseph Fiennes who stole the spotlight as the passionate Shakespeare who leaves his wandering  ways to spend a few days with the love of his life. I wish it had a happier  ending, but love sometimes happens like that. The humor was excellent as  long as you understand it... I like when a movie makes you think about how  funny it is. Overall I'd have to say this is one of my top ten favorites of  the nineties!
6304466498|5.0|This movie is absolutely hilarious.  I can't count the times I have seen this movie.  Spaceballs will make you laugh each time you see it. The best part is that every time you watch it, you pick up a joke you didn't get  before.  You will find yourself still laughing at the movie weeks later.   Spaceballs can't be watched only one time.  It's the best movie.<br />I also  reccommend all of Mel Brooks' other movies such as Young Frankenstein and  Robin Hood: Men in Tights.  All of his movies are hilarious!
B00000ADG2|5.0|At first I hated Lauryn Hill because I'm a huge Garbage fan and they were up against Lauryn for Album of the Year at the Grammys. Well as we all know it turned out that Lauryn won instead of Garbage's album Version 2.0 (which  is also great). I tried listening to Lauryn's album once but I just didn't  get it and couldn't stand it. But, recently I listened to the whole CD and  I loved it. I think even in a way she's like Garbage because her word's and  beats can be so emotional (i.e. &quot;Lost One's&quot;, &quot;Doo Wop (That  Thing)&quot;, &quot;Everything is Everything&quot;, and &quot;To  Zion&quot;) just like Shirley Manson and the band's guitar work. I even  watched Lauryn on the '99 VMA's and her performance was spectacular. I'm  finally glad I understand Lauryn Hill.
B000002KLP|4.0|&quot;Dirty Mind&quot; sets the tone for the rest of Prince's unparalleled career.  In fact, most people think it's his first album.  It might as well have been because, despite his impressive first 2 LP's (For You and  Prince), he really got recognized for the image he crafted through his  music.  But it's the great music that makes this album endure, for it  created the &quot;Prince sound.&quot;<br />The minimalist approach to this LP  is its hallmark.  Stripped of all pretensions and indulgences,and centered  around funk guitar and synths, it is one of the tightest -- and raunchiest  -- Prince LP's.  What really makes this LP are 4 all-time classic Prince  songs:  the title track, the outstanding &quot;When You Were Mine,&quot;  &quot;Do It All Night,&quot; and &quot;Uptown.&quot;  They are the heart  and soul of a great LP.  Unfortunately, radio wasn't as liberal as it is  now, but I'd like to think this LP contributed to more adventurous music in  all genres.  If not for this album, would Madonna, 2 Live Crew, Nine Inch  Nails, etc. even gotten radio play? Maybe not.<br />This is an essential 80's  record, an essential Prince record, and an undisputed classic.  Buy it.
6304117302|5.0|A visually spectacular and moving story. And an authentic slice of pre-Revolutionary America.  Indeed, a far better telling of the tale than the book from which it was adapted. The film is brimming with energy. Great  performances from Daniel Day Lewis (Hawkeye) and Madeline Stowe (Cora) in  their lead roles and from Wes Studi whose portrayal of Magua imbues the  character with dimension and honor.
0425170349|5.0|This book is very interesting and has a great plot and interesting characters, I would reccomend this book to anyone whom likes Tom Clancy books because it is truly a classic.
B00003003R|4.0|I'm a huge Guns N' Roses fan, they were n amzing band in their day. This recoding however is very rough. But being able to hear Axl control the crowd is awesome, Jim Morrison-esque almost. The tunes are classic, the  band is legend, but the recording is top loose for me. Expect &quot;Chinese  Democracy&quot; to forfill all your expectations. Any G N' R fan know Axl's  too much of a perfectionist to release anything bad. Don't fear sonic  changes (a la &quot;Oh My god&quot;).
630438551X|5.0|I absolutly LOVED it!  One of my favorite movies. They kept the dialogue exactly as in the play. The only thing different ist that the scenes are modern. Great for ANYONE who loved the play or just any of the romantics  out there.
B000031XCR|4.0|Celine is always a pleasure to listen to and this recording is no exception. A good sampling of her past successes with several new delights tossed in. &quot;Mountains&quot;is upbeat and fun. The duets are  highlights-even the mix with &quot;Old Blue Eyes&quot;. Anyone in love is  bound to relish &quot;If Walls Could Talk&quot;. But, did she really have  to rehash Roberta Flacks &quot;Face&quot;-a bit too dreary, as well as the  final two cuts which could have been better used with more of her past  glories.  All in all, worth relaxing with, if not her very best.
0425152251|3.0|There a myraid of books out there that offer a good if not better introduction to philosophy than this book. In my opinion the only reason why this book is so popular is because philosophy is a lost, esoteric field  of study for so many people. Thus, anything that excites the mind somewhat  is going to be popular among those craving for stimulation.<br />If you're  really interested in learning more, start out with some books like  &quot;Philosophy Made Simple&quot; or &quot;The Idiot's Guide to  Philosophy.&quot; Contrary to their names, they're fairly holistic and  non-biased and a much better place from which to start.
0887306667|5.0|This is the first book I have read on Marketing, and I'm fortunate to have come across two reputable authors.  Trout and Ries do an outstanding job of making this book simple to read, and God knows I HATE reading!  After  reading the forward, I couldn't put the book down until I thoroughly  absorbed each law they mentioned.  All of it makes perfect sense, even if  some of their examples are a bit outdated. If you don't know Jack about  marketing (no pun intended) order this book right now!  I believe this will  be the foundation of a successful marketing career!
B000000OQF|5.0|Don't deny it, if it weren't for Guns N' Roses half the hair bands never would have come out. But also comparing G N' R to all those hair bands is like comparing Nirvana to Candlebox. This isone of those CD's that is easy  to look back at and laugh now, but when you think about it is impossible to  deny. Every song i  stron single, and for just reason, they all are  awesome. I was four when this came out, but this CD is really a classic.  Everyone should one it. Axl's scream, Slash's ax-all will be in the Rock N'  Roll Hall of Fame-you wait. They were amazing in their day.
B000002KIE|3.0|Now before you behead me, let me state that the sex pistols are a great punk band, but alas, not the best. So many individuals seem to think that they are the ones that invented &quot;punk rock&quot; although this is not  true at all. While this may be a great album, I don't know if I'd really  recommend it unless you are a die-hard Pistol's fan. I got bored with it  easily, and would much rather pop in a Misfit CD or a Ramones CD than this.  In fact I haven't even listened to it for at least a year now! I even  almost sold it for a few extra bucks, but I couldn't part with it, cuz once  in a while I do like to reminisce. The decision is all yours my friends,  dig em' or not. Take it or leave it...
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Once you listen to this cd, you totally fall in love with it. The sound and voices are really enchanting, but it's the lyrics that you will love. Affirmation is better than their first album, and that's hard to beat!
B000002C1X|5.0|This is one of the few rock concept albums that truly works as a concept album.  It tells a cohesive and intelligent story, which sets it above The Who's &quot;Tommy&quot;, which has great music but a poor storyline (Who  fans are screaming right now, but the false messiah story is old hat; and  some of &quot;Tommy&quot; is a series of undeveloped characters showing up  to abuse him then leave the story).  And even though I am a huge Kinks fan  and I like many of the Kinks' concept albums, not one tells a story as  powerfully as &quot;The Wall&quot;, which allows us to explore a rock  star's psyche, from the child whose father dies in WWII, through marital  problems and drug abuse, through madness (imagines himself as a Hitler-like  dictator), until finally he tears down the Wall that he has mentally built  between him and the rest of the world.  For those who don't know, &quot;The  Wall&quot; is a combined biography of Syd Barrett and Roger Waters, at  different times the leaders of Pink Floyd.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|this cd, far differant from the debut still strikes gold. the lyrics and melodies on many songs on this album hit emotional spots. unlike the debut, many songs are slower. not only are the songs differant, but in the lead  singers voice, darren hayes, there too is a dramatic change. not a bad  change, just more soothing and relaxed you could say. actually, the sound  and all of the songs are unbelievable and are indescribable for words. the  moment this cd came out i had it, and i highly recommend you get it to.  darren hayes and daniel jones (the guinesses behind savage garden) should  recieve much deserved credit for this brilliant work of art.
6305627347|5.0|I have been an avid fan of the show South Park for some time now. When I first heard that a movie version was coming out I was ecstatic. This movie was sheer pleasure for the retinas! One should approach this movie with an  open mind, a rather LARGE sense of humor, and the need to banish whatever  stick you may have up your sphincter muscle. This is NOT a movie for ONLY  locker room finks, as one &quot;intellectual&quot; from duckberg, scumberg,  or something of the sort would say. This is a masterpiece. The one who may  find himself/herself limiting themselves to obscure dribble on a constant  basis may very well one day find themselves hung by the noose of deceit.  Lighten up, put those ole' Felinni movies aside, as well as your  preconceived ideas of &quot;intellectual stability&quot; and kick back and  enjoy a piece of film that will live on in infamy!
B00001U0DP|5.0|Un tres beau film qui m'a beaucoup emu. Roberto  Benigni a su developper le devoir du souvenir tout en offrant une oeuvre pleine d'humour qui oblige chaque spectateur a reflechir sur les themes de l'amour et de la haine.
B000003JDA|4.0|A die hard Tull fan, this album was a disappointment at first.  But, now, it probably ranks right up there with Heavy Horses, Rock Island, Stand Up, Crest of A Knave, Songs From the Wood and several others.  <br />My favorite  songs on the CD?  I like 'Another Harry's Bar' the best.  It reminds me of  1970s Genesis or Dire Straits.  Valley is a bid loud at times, but I enjoy  Ian's flute and Andy's keyboards.  'Stuck in the August Rain' boasts a nice  melody.  Roots to Branches, the title song, rocks along very nicely.   <br />Don't buy this album if you are expecting 'low key' Tull songs like  'Living In The Past' and 'Skating Away On The Thin Ice Of The New Day'.   This is a CD with heavy doses of electric guitar.
B000002U82|5.0|This is one of the most amazing recordings that is out there.  The spacey, mellow music flows perfectly from start to finish on this album.  Although this album has quite a few of Pink Floyd's most famous songs one it, the  real magic of it all is that all ten songs on this album connect in perfect  harmony.  If you're a fan of trippy rock and you don't have Dark Side of  The Moon, go buy it! Now!
0525457585|5.0|This is definetley the best book I have ever read in my life.  The magic of mystery and wonder that you lose as you grow older are immediatley brought back into play the minute you flip to the first page.  A story to  share with your children or keep to yourself - either way you will never  forget the feeling this wonderful tale leaves you with.
B000002L82|5.0|When I listened to the first note on 'Age of Consent' I knew I'd bought a classic.  Other than Technique, I rate this as New Order's greatest record.  This album was well before it's time, and you can see the influence of  this album in late '80s dance artists like 808 State.  Surely the most  influentual album of the 1980s, an absolute classic record, every song  connects brilliantly.  It's hard to pick highlights, but personal favorites  are 'Age of Consent', 'The Village' and 'Your Silent Face'.
B000001C6M|5.0|There are only a handful of speed metal albums that I consider to be classics, and this is one of them.  The only speed metal album that surpasses this one is Bonded by Blood, the 1985 album by Exodus.  Everything else that Slayer produced after this masterpiece was about as  appealing and catchy as a running pus sore.  Their future efforts make me  laugh when I listen to them.  The total lack of cohesion and attempted  &quot;speed of light&quot; drumming along with non-inspiring guitar riffs.  It's too bad that they lost their creativity after this gem.
B000003CMC|5.0|This is an awesome album from the band that was a precursor to Lynyrd Skynyrd. Though the entire album doesn't have the entire band in tact,(Duane Allman died in the middle of recording this album), the band  pulls together to work its magic.  The Allman Brothers work in perfect  harmony together, with the use of amazing slide guitar playing, a nice  rythym section, and finally an awesome organ.  The live tracks on this  album are great, with the highlight being the thirty three minute Mountain  Jam.  The entire album is a great listen for a fan of mellow southern rock.
B000002J1L|4.0|This is the first Genesis recording to feature Phil Collins (drums), and Steve Hackett (guitar). Both Anthony Phillips (guitar) and John Mayhew (drums) had recently departed the band. With it's classic line-up in place the band set out to make what would be one of their classic recordings. Nursery Cryme opens with The Musical Box, a classic Genesis tour de force starting out with the sweet strains of Hacketts' guitar and closing with a thunderous finish. All the while being treated to a quintessential Gabriel fable. For Absent Friends is a sweet song featuring the first Collins lead vocal, however in the end it has all the trappings of filler which it obviously was. The Return of the Giant Hogweed is another blistering Genesis classic. Anyone who ever doubted Hacketts' ability on a six string is left stunned by how he is able to morph the intruments' sound between guitar and keyboard. And again Gabriel's lyrics stretch between high comedy and intense strange botanical history. Seven Stones and Harlequin go by the way of For Absent Friends fine in many ways but overall all also rans in the classic Genesis songbook. The Fountain of the Salmacis is a true treasure, from a booming beginning to an end which you hope never happens, this song is a masterpiece. One wonders why it never became a staple in their live act.  Nursery Cryme however is a first step, and all five are not always in sync on this effort.
0805062971|5.0|This is an outstanding story.  The film was good, and did a reasonable job of capturing the novel's on-the-edge-of-reality quality, but the novel is a real stunner.  Good fresh stuff.  Read it as a reader--not as a man or  woman or new ager or any other confining label.  Hats off to Palahnuik and  his imagination.  I look forward to reading more of his work.
B000002LEU|5.0|I don't know how I ever doubted this band. I listened to the samples here, and they didn't really excite me at all. I wondered why there were all these Joy Division fans explaining the beauty and importance of this band  that I thought sounded....just weird. I bought &quot;Substance&quot;  because my friend wouldn't leave me alone about it, and listening to it  today, on the way home from the store, from the very first song my mind was  blown. The music on EVERY SINGLE SONG is absoloutely incredible. Joy  Division is one of the few bands where all the musicians really stand out.  Then there is the vocalist and lyrics.....Ian Curtis writes the best lyrics  I could ever hope for. Joy Division is the perfect band to me. Everything  about them intrigues me, from the musicians to the band name origin. I  could try to describe all these songs, hopelessly, but you really have to  hear this music for yourself. If you're interested enough to read the  reviews of this, then just get &quot;Substance&quot; and be amazed.<br />My  conclusion: &quot;Substance&quot;=great starting point
B000002ADT|5.0|This is an essentual recording to buy for fans of Miles Davis.  Kind of Blue has some awesome, bluesy jazz playing that only a legend like Davis could come up with.  This album is a solid listen from beginning to end,  with no songs jumping out as much better or worse.  Look at the reviews for  this album and you can see that every jazz fan needs to add this to their  collection.
B000002NZO|3.0|Had Trespass been the only album Genesis ever released it would stand out as a cult masterpiece. However compared to what would come later Trespass comes across as uneven. Side one sees the music outpacing the lyrics, which  at points sound like junior varsity Tolkien. Side two, however, is what  makes Trespass. Stagnation/Dusk/The Knife can almost be treated as one  piece. Anthony Phillips and Michael Rutherford's guitar work on Stagnation  is staggering in it's beauty. The guitar (Phillips), piano (Anthony Banks),  and flute (Peter Gabriel) interplay on Dusk is moving. And finally the  rousing tour de force of The Knife brings the piece to a thundering close.  Side two alone makes Trespass worth the purchase !
0385484518|5.0|Morrie lived his life fully. He tells the reader valuable lessons of life. A book that everyone, any age can learn from. Live and give unconditionaly every day of your life.
B000002LEU|5.0|I don't know how I ever doubted this band. I listened to the samples here, and they didn't really excite me at all. I wondered why there were all these Joy Division fans explaining the beauty and importance of this band  that I thought sounded....just weird. I bought &quot;Substance&quot;  because my friend wouldn't leave me alone about it, and listening to it  today, on the way home from the store, from the very first song my mind was  blown. The music on EVERY SINGLE SONG is absoloutely incredible. Joy  Division is one of the few bands where all the musicians really stand out.  Then there is the vocalist and lyrics.....Ian Curtis writes the best lyrics  I could ever hope for. Joy Division is the perfect band to me. Everything  about them intrigues me, from the musicians to the band name origin. I  could try to describe all these songs, hopelessly, but you really have to  hear this music for yourself. If you're interested enough to read the  reviews of this, then just get &quot;Substance&quot; and be amazed.<br />My  conclusion: &quot;Substance&quot;=great starting point
B000002AH7|5.0|This is an awesome album to get if you want to hear Miles Davis doing something different.  This album sounds like Miles Davis playing traditional Spanish flamenco.  Miles plays great mellow trumpet backed by  an awesome orchestra on Sketches of Spain.  Buy this album if you want to  hear Miles Davis doing something a little different, with lush  orchestration.
B000031WD9|1.0|I thought this going to be a good teenage T &amp; A movie but I guess that's a genera gone by.  The movie had lots of hot girls I waited to catch a glimpse of, but that never happened; Just teasers.  I suffered through  the whole thing and in the end was bummed I bought it.  I had heard this  was a good movie but it wasn't that funny and didn't show much nudity  either.  Buy &quot;Fast Times at Ridgemont High&quot; instead.  Same idea  but much better executed with Phoebe Cates to boot!
006017322X|5.0|I read this book when I was in high school.  I loved it!   It contains a fair mixture between fiction and history to make it both interesting and educational.  If you enjoy studying details of American history, such as  the Great Depression, racism, and the Ku Klux Klan, among others, this book  is great for you.  However, it doesn't entirely focus on history, making it  boring.  On the contrary, the author develops a great plot that uses  suspense, and a bit of mystery and passion, using historical events as a  mere basis. I strongly recomend this book to you all!
B00002Z88D|5.0|This album allowed for a wonderful mix of two very different and opposite styles of music, which can't be found anywhere else.  Metallica's musical performance was as good as they ever sound in concert and Michael Kamen did  an excellant job conducting the SFO.<br />There are only a few problems:  vocals and track selection.  With regard to the vocals on a live album  occasionally playing off the crowd for the chorus a few times is fine, but  James over did that and it was apparent.  There was too much crowd  participation and that overshadowed the music particularly on Puppets.  The  second problem was that the mix of songs from the different albums was not  diverse enough.  Granted certain songs like Seek and Destroy are not  symphonic material, but there were others like Sanaterium or Fade to Black  which could have replaced songs like Memory Remains or Outlaw Torn.   Overall though there were some excellant tracks One, Fuel, Ktulu, and  Sandman.
B00002E233|5.0|You can swim but you can't when these &quot;SMART SHARKS&quot; flood the facility Aquatica and puts the crew members including Samual L. Jackson, Saffron Burrows, LL Cool J, Thomas Jane, Micheal Rappaport, Jacklyne  McKensie into the cluthes of these sleek killing-and thinking- machines!  It's great you won't know what to expect! It's great, DIVE IN!
0684867621|2.0|I usually like everything Stephen King pumps out of his book writing mill...but occasionally one of his books just doesn't catch my attention. I found this book very hard to get into, it was extremely slow and I didn't  even finish. My husband read it and said it does get better in the second  half of the book but he agreed it was hard to get into the storyline.
079073253X|5.0|This is a great movie. It will touch your heart and show you the darkest sites of the human nature.  Every actor does a good job and makes you believe in their roles. The child actors in the beginning of the movie is  very talented.   This is a must see film.
B00000K19E|3.0|Ok whoever looks at this movie as one of the best of the year or of all time for that matter is either glued to their computer all day arguing about klingons on the internet. Or they probably dont see that many movies.  Its not an original plot(hello, dark city),and it has a very lame and  predictable script. It also has a very high cheese factor. It is a good  action flick regardless, and has mind blowing effects. An alright movie but  c'mon stop fooling yourself and see some real movies.
6301966562|5.0|Yes, i love this movie and it's very funny to keep hearing the main character be called &quot;Moles&quot; i'd like to get this movie for my wife but the price as u can see is a little stiff, i have an old recording  of it but the tape is wearing away and i was hopeing that someone would  read this and know a place that i could get it for an acceptable price.   Please email me at lmatuszczak@msn.com
0375707972|5.0|The Reader did what a good book is suppose to... make one forget their own world and live in the book for a few hours. I was drawn into this book like one is drawn to a scene of a horrible accident. I felt like I was reading  someone's dirty secret, yet I couldn't stop reading. In the end it made me  wonder what I would do in the same situation. The book is eloquently and  tastefully translated. Take your time with this book to appreciate it.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I was at  a  friends house and she has the cd and we were listening to it. The cd is pretty darn good. What's my age again?  and Aleins exist and other songs. GO and bUy this cd. GO BLINK182!
0393314804|5.0|The book is nauseating in some parts and incredibly arduous to read unless you read it aloud...But, man, it makes a deep impression. It delves into the world of Scotland, poor and economically screwed over (God I love my  heritage!:) It's a sharp turn from what Americans are used to and on top of  it...It's all druggies which adds a nice flavour to it...For the most part,  the book is written in phonics the way Scottish persons speak which, as I  said, makes it hard to read except aloud (or if you happen to have Ewan  McGregors voice stored in your mind). In my opinion, the characters are  classic and the story is an amazing piece of work. It's recommended for  everyone save possibly for impressionable teens who might put the  &quot;heroic&quot; drug soaked characters on a pedestal to emulate.
0060920432|5.0|Csikszentmihalyi (pronounced chick-ZENT-me-high) did some original research into enjoyment. He strapped pagers onto people and it rang 8 times a day at random. Whenever it rang, the subject was to write down what they  were doing and rate their state of happiness and enjoyment on several  scales. After 100,000 of these reports, he has found out some fascinating  (and USEFUL) information about work, enjoyment, and creativity.<br />I have  read this book several times, and I'm always forcibly struck by the  profundity of the first few chapters. The writing goes deeper and more to  the heart of the human condition than anything else I've ever read.  Csikszentmihalyi lays it out so straight and honest that it is almost a  shock to the system.<br />The chapters that follow are pure genius in my  opinion, and they all have a solid, practical value. If you would like to  &quot;get into&quot; your work more, if you would like to ENJOY your work  more, you should read this book. I am the author of the book, Self-Help  Stuff That Works, and I'm an expert on what is practical and helpful and  what isn't. It's not often a book is both profound AND practical, but this  one is. I recommend it highly.
0451198670|3.0|This was a charming little tale of romance but little more. The Love Letter made me smile when each character found the mysterious letter and the ending of the book was hilarious. But all in all there wasn't much  substance to the novel. A good book if you want to read something quick and  fast.
B000002KO3|5.0|yes, after listening to this one many times in the past few months, i believe it deserves that distinction. it has funk, and hipness to it that no album will will ever match. 'once in a lifetime', is also one of the  best songs ever.
6304297912|5.0|I watched this and I thought to meself..Man, that's sick...But I've watched it 30 or 40 times. It's a movie for people who like strange things, more of an acquired taste than anything. Ewan McGregor is absolutely  brillant and perfectly cast for the role of our heroic (?) and drug  addicted narrator &quot;Renton&quot;. The characters are, by no means,  sterling examples of humanity but they're fascinating and irresistable.  Some parts show drug use in graphic detail and can make your skin crawl so  watcher be aware. Other than that it's hilarious and will have you changing  your pronunciation of several words because the Scottish way is just more  fun:)
0785787135|5.0|This is the best Arthurian story I have ever read, probably because it acquaints you with the women in Arthur's life and tells the entire story from a woman's point of view.  I have read Mary Stewart's Crystal Cave,  etc. and this beats even those, which heretofore were my very  favorites.<br />If you want to be enchanted read this book.  I will be  surprised if you don't read and reread it many times.  It is a keeper.
0385484518|5.0|From the first moment I opened this little gem of a book till I put it down on my nightstand I was captivated. It made me rethink my relationships with my loved ones and appreciate simple things I once took for granted.  The last two chapters brought me to tears. A must read for anyone looking  for a book to cleanse their soul.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This cd may not be like the other blink cd's, but i think it's for the best.  Blink has calmed down a bit, but they rock more than before!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I think OffSpring is the coolest music group in the world. I didn't know about OffSpring until I got the idea of trying to get a band together, but being at fourteen years of age, I know better now. Being that as it may, I  first went out and looked for intersting music to play for our first songs.  I looked and looked and nothing seemed what I wanted, until I saw  OffSpring, Americana. I have collected all of the albums after listening to  the first one. My favorites are Smash and Americana. My favorite songs are  Pretty Fly, Bad Habbit, Tehran, and Me and My Old Lady. I hope who ever  reads this agrees with me if not I'll have the OffSpring &quot;Behead&quot;  you.
B00000ICLV|5.0|First, &quot;Warchild&quot; is a great album. One of Tull's finest. MOFI has done an outstanding job with the remastering.<br />A couple of reviewers have said that &quot;Solitaire&quot; is Anderson's response to critics of  &quot;A Passion Play&quot;. This isn't a fact; Solitaire was part of the  infamous Chateau D'isaster tapes which happend before APP. They didn't see  the light of day 'til Nightcap and Twenty Years. Yet another piece of  useless trivia ;-)
6305609691|5.0|This might be the best translation onto the DVD format yet. The color is crisp and bright, the sound excellent! A scary and shocking tale of a journey into the darkness of the soul. While the VHS version always left me  wanting to see it back on the big screen, the DVD lives up to the  original's pedigree!
0440219078|5.0|I cried,laughed,and felt the joy that was flowing  in this book.I could not put it down because it was so different.I think anyone could read this book it is very unique and perfect for any reader!
B000001FSR|5.0|Some call it art, others call it genius, some call it one of music's finest, I chose to call it simply &quot;the best&quot;. I've been a Wait's fan for a while, I listened mostly to his early work(closing time to  Heartattak and vine),I didn't think I'd like his later, more experimental  work, fearing it lacked his bluesy roots, which I enjoy. If you are  thinking the same way I did, stop. This is a truly great album and I  recomend it to anyone.
0312962118|5.0|An excellent novel for any Russophile or History buff.  I found it putting it down to be most difficult.  After reading numerous other books on similar topics I can say that this is assuredly one of the best! A  must-read!
B00000DFRS|5.0|I bought this CD not to long ago, and I can honestly say that I LOVE IT!  I listen to it like all the time! &quot;My Love Is Your Love&quot; is the BEST song on the CD. The way that Whitney sings it makes the song even  better! I love this song, and this CD and I recommend everyone to go out  and buy it, trust me: you love it!
B000002LRX|5.0|I never saw what happened.  Listening to FNM's album The Real Thing, left me pretty much dumbfounded.  It put a hook in me.  When I bought Angel Dust, the fool that I was, thought that I knew what to expect.  I almost  plowed into oncoming traffic.  Never before or since, has a single album  gripped me and took me for the ride that this album has.  The roar of  &quot;Land of Sunshine&quot;, groped me like my uncle Bob at my 12th  birthday.  &quot;Caffeine&quot; blew out any sensibility that I thought I  had.  Before this album, I thought that I had heard it all, silly me.  My  17 year old self, had thought that it knew it all.  This album put me in  check.  To this day, I have not heard an album with the sonic assault of  this one.  Anyone, who is a fan of the &quot;metal&quot; sound of  today,(Korn, Bizkit, Incubus, et.al.) needs to own this album. It remains  as a signature of possibility.  Every Jon Davis owes their very existence  to Mike Patton, anyone who thinks they are Dave Silvera, needs to thank  Mike Bordin.  Any musician needs to have one mantra in mind. In music,  there are no limits or boundaries.  This album celebrates that ideal. I  highly recommend this album.
B000021Y74|5.0|So many people here have said so many great things about this startlingly original and innovative film that I'll just simply echo it all. From the music, which fits this film better than any soundtrack ever has before (the  visual to music rhythm sync job is incredible), to the break all the rules  camera work (not a single cross-cut or quick-cut was superfluous!), to the  flawless performances by all concerned, this is not just the best foreign  film of the year, but simply must be included in anybody's Top Ten. For  myself, I'd say it's easily among the top 25 of this decade. Yes, it's that  exciting, amazing, and original. I don't have a DVD player yet, but this  will almost assuredly be my first purchase, even before THE MATRIX.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I really appreciate Lauryn Hill's voice &amp; the fact she writes her lyrics.  The songs are more than just &quot;catchy tunes&quot; or a great song to hear in the clubs!
B000000WA2|5.0|Blur is amazing, I have been listening to them for almost 8 years. They are not only musicians they are magicians. They are geniuses! The effects they use, the lyrics, and the mood that is set is wonderful. this is one of  their best albums but I recomend them all.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The Matrix is a fabulous movie. Not just anyone can appreciate the brilliance of this film so it is only for a certain audience. But to that audience it is one of the most intelligent and fascinating movies of all  time. Also, the soundtrack is equally as good.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Yes, Metallica is getting older.  Their recent releases have been on the soft side and they even cut their hair.  For most people, this may be very horrible,<br />I on the other hand, find that Metallica is only getting better  with age.  They are risk takers. For that I applaud them.  They don't  follow the standard, they set the standard.  <br />The fact that the symphony  played their music, only showed how much appeal their music brings to the  masses.<br />They are geniuses who play raunchy, yet awesome music.  But look  at Mozart.  That guy was a wacko and his music was brilliant too.  It just  goes to show you that true genius stems from very interesting people.  Buy  this album.  You will enjoy it.  I've listened to it at least once a day.   Have fun all.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The Matrix is a fabulous movie. Not just anyone can appreciate the brilliance of this film so it is only for a certain audience. But to that audience it is one of the most intelligent and fascinating movie of all  time. Also, the soundtrack is equally as good.
B000006NPY|4.0|I was sort of shocked when I first heard their songs on RealAudio.  The music was totally different than previous albums.  But that's a bad thing?  Adore is a very good album, with many beautiful melodies and enjoyable  songs I listen to over and over again.  I wouldn't mind it if the Pumpkins  kept their genre like this.  Corgan focuses his lyrics on love, friendship,  and also tries to find meaning in life.  A very good album.  One of the  best I have.
079213690X|5.0|I strongly recommend this masterpiece to anybody with enough intelligence to appreciate it. It might be rather long, but it doesn't feel like it once you get into the story. Hands down the best film of all time.
B000002WPI|5.0|this is one of the greatest albums ever.you cant just listen to certain songs on this cd, once you pop it in you listen to the first song, the lyrics and the beats are so great you just let it play through.thats what  happens to me, i know it happens to most of you.if you dont have this cd  you need to go buy this from amazon or the nearest record store by you  right now.even if you dont listen to east coast hip-hop this is a must  have, definetly. every hip-hop head should have this cd in there  collection.
0767805690|5.0|Although I am not a big sci-fi fan, I enjoyed this movie immensely.  It has a &quot;1984&quot; feel to it.  The premise of the movie has already happened, i.e., Nazis tried to create a &quot;perfect&quot; society, where  those deemed undesirable were exterminated. This movie makes you wonder if  the future will be consumed with people trying to create perfect human  specimens -- especially with the controversy surrounding cloning.
B00000K19E|5.0|I love the Matrix. This is an awesome movie. I refused to go see it in the theater because I thought it would be some plotless shoot-'em-up type of movie. I watched the DVD at a friend's house on Christmas, and I couldn't  have been more wrong! If you liked this movie, I would also recommend A  Midnight Clear. Enjoy!
6302468027|5.0|This movie is funny, touching, inspirational and exciting, and deals with a variety of topics such as racism, domestic violence, friendship, and aging.  <br />My cousin and I were on our way to watch THE HAND THAT ROCKS THE  CRADLE, and ended up in the wrong theatre.  Thank goodness, because I've  since seen THE HAND and was not impressed.<br />FRIED GREEN TOMATOES  immediately stole my heart and I've watched it every year since it came  out. I find that I often have to drag my male friends kicking and screaming  to watch this film with me, but they always say how great it was  afterwards.<br />This movie is a true classic and it should have won at least  one award.  Once you've watched it, you have to buy it and share the fun.
0684872153|3.0|This book was interesting, yet I found it somewhat lacking in that he  reader never really got to know how he actually felt about his parents.  Did he hate his mother and father for what they put the family through?   How did Frank feel when people kept comaring him to his father?  We know  how he felt about the Church (and by the way, this IS how the Catholic  church and its members treat you if you are poor and Catholic--been there,  done that!)I guess it was a love/hate relationship.  Even though I plan on  reading the next book, I only gave it three stars, becasue I  found the  story line too similar to that of &quot;A Tree Grows in Brooklyn,&quot;  another novel about being poor, Irish Catholic with a drunken father.   Those who liked this book should read that one.
B000001DYD|5.0|The words &quot;Polly Jean Harvey&quot; and &quot;frightening&quot; are certainly synonymous, as proved in Harvey's second full-length album, RID OF ME.  The album begins with the soft picking of a guitar and her  delicately deep voice barely above the whisper, pleading, &quot;Don't leave  me, I'm bleeding..&quot;  About two minutes into the song, you relax and it  suddenly explodes into &quot;don't you wish you never met her! &quot;  ferociously and abruptly.  There's a lot of schizophrenia in the 14 songs  on this CD.  Most of the songs, with the exception of the sadder, desperate  &quot;Missed&quot;, are freakin' scary.  However, my friends, don't mistake  &quot;scary&quot; for &quot;bad&quot;.  The songs are quite good indeed.   There's a lot more ferocity to the tunes than on DRY or PJ's later albums.   Raw anger, bone-chilling wails of desperation..  Fast-paced riff-driven  anthems like &quot;50 Ft. Queenie&quot; and the amazing &quot;Yuri-G&quot;  give an abrasive edge to the album.  &quot;Man-Size&quot; and  &quot;Hook&quot;, with their heavy driving riffs, seize you and burrow into  your skin.  The harsh wails over discordant guitars in &quot;Legs&quot;  lead to the powerful gut-wrenching growls of &quot;Snake&quot;.  Sexual  tension seems to be one of several themes on RID OF ME, as heard in  &quot;Snake.&quot;  Some may be turned off by the atonal, avantgarde  &quot;Man-Size Sextet&quot;, a strange take on &quot;Man-Size&quot; with  spoken lyrics and harshly dissonant violins.  This does not overshadow the  album as a whole, though.  The tribal jungle sound of &quot;Me-Jane&quot;  is definitely the best song on the album.  Going from soft to fierce and  back with each second, you too will be sucked into the blazing lungs of Ms.  Polly Harvey.  I give this album the highest rating and my personal  recommendations.  I also would recommend any of her other albums.
0780622545|4.0|Rarely is the cinematic audience treated to something so fantastic. Dark City is another philosophically-orientated science fiction film, set in a city where the sun never rises and where you can be a different person from  day to day. Unfairly compared to the Matrix, Dark City is more  psychological and ultimately more frightening in its complexity and  strangeness. Rufus Sewell takes the character of John Murdoch, a man who  wakes up with no memory near a dead body, and both the police and a  sinister conclave of men with strange powers on his trail. The whole story  accelerates towards a terrifying and fantastic climax, leaving the audience  with plenty of questions, and thankfully the special effects are not the  true stars, just props as they're supposed to be. A truly brilliant film.
6303014100|4.0|I would like to state that I am a Civil War buff so to speak and have made dozens of trips to Gettysburg over the years.  I have also watched &quot;Gettysburg&quot; dozens of times as well.<br />In watching the movie, I  have picked out some &quot;bloopers&quot; that I'd like to share with you.   These all take place in tape #1.<br />1). Watch the roof of Lee's  Headquarters.  There's an antenna on it. 2). Take note of the patches on  Chamberlain's shoulders.  He suddenly changes rank after Little Round Top!  3). Immediately following the first day's battle, The Chamberlain Bros are  walking into camp where Lt. Chamberlain talks to 3 prisoners. Look at the  sky as they enter that scene and see the jet trail in the sky. 4). During  the scene where Gen. Longstreet is introducing his Generals to the English  visitor, watch Darnell's positioning. As the Generals are being introduced  he switches from Longstreets side to Pickets side time and time again.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Let's be serious. With 1300-odd customer reviews, I'm not exactly going to tell you anything new about the Matrix, except that most of what you've heard is true. It's impossible to have the entire concept of the movie  explained to you coherently, there's a fair amount of violence and the  effects are just stunning. The basic story is that Keanu Reeves - who, by  the way, comes alive for the first time in his acting career in this movie  - discovers that the world he lives in is an illusion, and that with the  help of Laurence Fishburne and Carrie-Anne Moss has to free humankind from  slavery. It's been done before, granted, but not with as much polish and  the philosophy of the film is very forward. I just have one last thing to  add . . . own up, everyone who's seen it: how many of you tried the trick  with the spoon afterwards?
B000021XR5|4.0|STP have once again found a way to keep things interesting.  I think we're seeing another side of the band.  My only complaint would be that Robert (bassist) really doesn't go into improv as much as he used to.  Don't buy  this album expecting Core, or Purple, etc.  This is simply a great album to  just play and relax to.
B00002E233|1.0|feeling like getting robbed?  wanna lose time and money? by renting or buying this flick of a film, you would truly understand the foregone value of your last 2 hours watching this waste of magnetic recording.
0671004107|2.0|I was excited to learn that a reputable scientist, Carl Sagan, wrote a book about our first contact with extra-terrestrials.  What would a respected scientist have to say on the subject?  What would he think the  aliens would be like?  Unfortunately Carl Sagan didn't write the book I  thought he wrote.  We don't meet any aliens in this book.  In order to make  contact, it's not enough to just make contact with ourselves.  Without  spoiling the ending, I'll just say that the characters don't end up shaking  hands with Bob Schultz from the planet Nebulus.  What this book is about is  the stubborn, corrupt stupidity of the scientific establishment and the  cowardice of our space travelers who knuckle under pressure.  It's a stupid  book.  It's about as satisfying as banging the top of your head against the  inside of your car after you return the ice scraper to the glove  compartment.  This is the only case I know where the movie is far superior  to the book instead of the other way around.
0792838084|5.0|David Lynch is without a doubt  the most brilliant talent in the movie business. His movies are always crafted with intelligence and bizarre creativity. &quot;Blue Velvet&quot; is one of the most original and  fascinating movies I've ever seen. It is dark, funny, and very disturbing.  The seemingly perfect town has an eerie sense of similarity to small towns  everywhere. Nothing out of the ordinary on the surface of this littlle  place, but underneath lies something far more sinister. A lounge singer's  husband and son have been kidnapped by a lunatic and he wants this poor  woman to perform sexual tasks for him. And in the middle of this is an  innocent and curious college student who's life is altered forever when he  discovers the secrets. He falls for this abused woman who is coming apart  from the terrible tragedy that she has endured. Can he help? Will the  madman have mercy and let her family go?  This film is a fantastic look at  the suffers ordinary people have to survive when unordianry circumstances  are thrown their way. David Lynch is a master of modern art. He shatters  molds and boundries and has become the most creative and talented director  in film.
B000002LFU|4.0|This song has no title and is not listed on the track listing but I sing it everyday with my fiancee.  I give Reckoning and Murmur 5 stars but Green is very close behind.   &quot;This world is big, and so are we. I stay up  late to hear your voice.&quot;
B00001ZULV|5.0|I just recently got this CD and I haven't stopped listening toit.  I think that when you choose to capture the best music in thelong history of Genesis on one CD, it's a no-brainer to pick the songs on this CD.  Of course the whole of Genesis' long list of hits from their beginning could fit on a 3-CD set, but the fact is that most people won't pay that, for little heard of Genesis hits from the early 70s.  Also, many people are not aware of the fact that Peter Gabriel was ever in Genesis.  So the reason that there are only two songs from the Peter Gabriel era and only one from the Ray Wilson era is clear to see.  They want to hear Phil Collins.  People want the Genesis songs they loved to hear on the radio and this CD gets them all. I agree that &quot;No Reply at All&quot; would have been a great addition to this CD, but when you want to get a good selection of hits you have to discriminate.  I think this CD is terrificly put together and the only one out there that includes so many recognizable and great hits.
0679746048|5.0|I was interested in reading this book when I heard that the movie starring Angelina Jolie and Winona Ryder was coming out. I was even more intrigued when I learned what the book was about-- a teen's struggle with mental illness.  A teenage therapy patient myself, I really was able to relate to Susanna and sympathize with her throughout her autobiographical story.  Even if you aren't a \\"lunatic\\" like Susanna, the Lisas, Daisy, or anyone else at her institution, I'm sure you'll be able to relate to something in the story because of Kaysen's vivid, colloquial style of writing.  For those of you who've seen the movie, I must say that the book is more enjoyable, but quite different from its Hollywood counterpart.  However, both are fantastic in their own ways, so enjoy both media.
1573226521|2.0|I don't know that I would recommend this book to anyone, although there were some characteristics of this book that I really liked.  I agree that most of the characters (except Richard) are very superficial, but the  development of tension between all the different people was VERY good.   That really is what kept me reading the book. <br />Other than that, though, I  didn't really enjoy it.  It felt to me like a poorly-written version of  &quot;Lord of the Flies,&quot; but written like a TV show.  At the end,  because of the fractured images and choppy sentences, I felt like the  author merely got bored with writing and wanted to stop.  This also made it  difficult to follow the action. <br />Overall, I'd say don't bother with this  book.  Read &quot;Lord of the Flies&quot; instead - it's much better.
B000035Z2L|2.0|This flaccid stab at comedy is basically a mish-mash of ideas stolen of other, better works. If it's raunchy fun you want, try &quot;Porky's&quot; or &quot;Animal House.&quot; If it's a funny look at teen sex/romance, try  &quot;Fast Times at Ridgemont High.&quot; And if you're into disgusting  acts with food, for goodness sake, go to the source: Philip Roth's  &quot;Portnoy's Complaint,&quot; published in 1969, kiddies.
B000001DTM|5.0|I am a very picky music lover and I usually listen to music that the most of my generation has never even heard because I have such trouble finding good music from the 90's. But this is definitely an exception. U2 has got  to be one of the greatest rock bands of all time, and this has got to be  one of their best albums. I don't know if its the lyrics or the way Bono  sings them (probably a combination of them both) that makes this album  sound so beautifully poetic. Especially &quot;So Cruel&quot;, one of my  personal favorites, with lyrics like: &quot;desperation is a tender trap,  it gets you every time you put your lips to her lips to stop the  lies.&quot; U2 has also made use of the innate spirituality of rock music.  This album is full of spirituality if you just look for it. (Mysterious  Ways, End of the World). This album is so heartrenchingly emotional that it  deserves to be listened to at least once, even if you don't like U2. So  give it a try.
B00000I924|1.0|I was expecting blues or classic rock. I figured he was in the Yardbirds, so this must be similar to it. MAN, was I wrong. This is......BAD!
6305570450|5.0|This is the most exited indy movie. It is the best tied with last crusade they are a little better the raiders of the lost ark.I wish they did not show the heart though.
B00001R3GC|5.0|This is my favorite Rolling Stones CD. It has such classic songs on it as Brown Sugar, Wild Horses, and Sway. Every song on it is a gem.
B000002IHD|5.0|The first five tracks on this album are as good as it gets:  musical expression of the very highest order.  Redding's take on 'Change Gonna Come' is possibly better than Sam Cooke's original, which is already very  great.  Of course the backing band is too wonderful:  Booker T, Isaac  Hayes, Steve Cropper, Al Jackson, Duck Dunn, the Memphis Horns.  Though  most of the songs are not originals, the takes included here are the best  ever in most cases (B.B. King's 'Rock Me' or Solomon Burke's 'Down in the  Valley').  Can't recommmend this highly enough and I'm amazed no one's  written it up!
B000002LJW|5.0|This album is great! After listening to Behind the Sun, I was kind of put off a little by Clapton. This (and Timepieces)made me appreciate Clapton as a solo artist more.
B000002J09|5.0|Because of its pastoral cover painting, pagan title (always remember that the title isn't really &quot;Zoso&quot; or &quot;IV&quot;), and association with the #1 rock song of all time &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot;, Led  Zeppelin's fourth album seems to project a quiet, cosmic aura about it.   The mandolin-and-acoustic-guitar &quot;The Battle of Evermore&quot; and  romantic acoustic ballad &quot;Going to California&quot; would support that  image.<br />But remember the rest of the album!<br />&quot;Black Dog&quot; and  &quot;Rock and Roll&quot; are about as noisy as Led Zeppelin ever got, more  brutish than even most tracks on Physical Graffiti.  &quot;Four  Sticks&quot; is a rhythmically intriguing shuffle, while &quot;Misty  Mountain Hop&quot; and &quot;When the Levee Breaks&quot; layer heavily  distorted guitars on top of indomitable backbeats until the band resembles  a lumbering, unstoppable giant.<br />Though &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; may  be its most well-known track and arguably its best, don't think of this  album as &quot;The Stairway Companion&quot;.  The album's treasures are  many, but not that many of those resemble the characteristics of &quot;that  song&quot;.
B000021Y74|5.0|&quot;Lola rennt&quot; is definately one of my favourite films ever made. I especially love it because it is none of the typical German Hollywood imitations which have flood the video market for years. Indeed I have never  watched a similar film.  It spreads hope and makes us realise that we  ourselves are responsible for our own destiny and that we always should  think before we act.
B000002MG1|5.0|This was the last indisputable chef d'oeuvre R.E.M. has produced for seven years.  Sterling production and arrangements (watch the astounding John Paul Jones orchestration and Peter Buck's fiery guitar licks transform the  simplistic &quot;Drive&quot; into a majestic post-apocalyptic ballad) make  this one of the greatest albums of the '90s.<br />Though it was on Monster  that the band achieved a reputation for tough guitar rock (and not an  accurate one -- garagey guitars were a poor direction for this band),  Automatic for the People did not lack passion at all.  In fact, it's  amazing how stirring some of the quiet moments can be.  &quot;Monty Got a  Raw Deal&quot;, for example, runs on a low-register Michael Stipe vocal and  Peter Buck's divine mandolin work with an insistent but understated  backbeat providing rhythmic drive -- and conveys more frustration and  starkness than any of the rowdy Monster tracks could.  Several giddy  uptempo numbers, &quot;The Sidewinder Sleeps Tonite&quot;, &quot;Man on the  Moon&quot; and &quot;Ignoreland&quot; inject a welcome sense of humour into  the soundscape, while &quot;Try Not to Breathe&quot;, &quot;Everybody  Hurts&quot; and &quot;Sweetness Follows&quot; are beauty incarnate, merging  innocence and experience, all kept from being too syrupy by Stipe's  trademark wordplay and deadpan humour.<br />Just on a sonic level this album  would belong on any record collection remotely interested in the '90s.  But  Automatic for the People offers much more, its virtues abundant and its  rewards unending.
B000009ED0|3.0|Kid Rock was kicking the rap/rock madness that kids know and love in the Eighties.  And while he has stuck to his guns (and beer bottles), the founder of hick-hop sweeps in at the right time with the killer single  &quot;Bawitaba&quot; and should deliver the most raw, best of the best,  down right nasty Lp setting him apart from the new breed and he sits apart  on top as the king, right?  Sadly, he just isn't that hard compared to the  new breed.  Infact his Twisted Brown Trucker Band playing against old  eighties rap loops just seems... weak.  Kid Rock may be the hardest, but  his music needs a little more kick.  He's knows the game and should sell a  lot of records.  More power to him, and his persona is welcomed.  But look  more for dance tunes than mosh anthems.
B000031WD9|4.0|A sex comedy with a heart?  Say goodbye to pure harmless raunch -- American Pie, despite its gleefully gross sense of humour and obsession with all that is libidinous, actually also hides a real sensitivity behind  all the naughty jokes and embarrassing situations.<br />Much like Fast Times  at Ridgemont High but to an even greater extent, American Pie makes you  laugh by daring to put its characters in the most ear-reddening of  situations.  Jason Biggs deserves a hand for diving into those situations  with pizazz while also keeping the character likeable, somebody you can  relate to.  Porky's certainly didn't have that.  An instantly appealing  cast (Chris Klein, Tara Reid, Mena Suvari, Eugene Levy) with a couple of  great comic gems in their midst (the pitch-perfect Natasha Lyonne, Eddie  Kaye Thomas, Shannon Elizabeth, Alyson Hanigan) keep things interesting  throughout, and the script -- despite its three-week-old-apple-pie premise  -- manages to achieve a freshness and wacky sense of humour.<br />Some  characters are underdeveloped -- especially choirgirl Heather (Suvari),  Stifler (Seann William Scott) and Nadia (Elizabeth) -- but with so much  going on all the time, and such an appealing cast of characters across the  board, that can be forgiven.<br />American Pie manages to evoke pathos along  with laughter, and therein lies its greatest strength.  When Vicky (Reid)  says, &quot;I realized nothing's perfect&quot;, the filmmakers sympathize  with her.  As it does with all the other high schoolers in the  movie.<br />View it with an eye on the people behind the caricatures and  you'll be rewarded beyond the movie's dirtier jokes.
6305252521|5.0|Wow, I had to watch this movie a couple of times to really figure out the movie.  The movie was so good that I saw it 4 times in the theaters.  This has a GREAT plot and even though it is all fake and pretty much unreal it  makes you believe that is could happen.  The DVD is great and you can watch  it all the time.  I get so amazed because there are always things that I  catch the 4th or 5th time I see it that I never noticed when I saw it the  1st or 2nd time.  THIS IS A MUST BUY!
0790729636|3.0|I've now seen three different printings of this DVD and in each case the last chapter looses synchronization between the dialog and the picture. This means that you get a &quot;Godzilla Movie Effect&quot;.  I would argue  that until this problem is cleared up you'd be better off getting this film  on VHS.
6304117752|5.0|What a classic! Still one of my favorite movies. How can anyone get tired of hearing Julie Andrews sing &quot;The Hills Are Alive&quot;. About ten years ago I went to Salzburg, Austria. We went to all the spots from the  movie. The moment I walked into the gazebo I wanted sing and dance.
B000003JAY|3.0|this cd isn't complete without cradle of love and rebel yell other than that it's a great cd.
0446525537|5.0|I really enjoyed this book and it has become one of my favorites.  I felt like I got to know the characters and felt what they were going through.  I also felt like I was transported to the south in the late 1950's.  This is  a book I would read again.
0060920084|3.0|I am a big fan of Bill Bryson, his books are great, and they always make me laugh. This book however fell short, all it could muster was a few chuckles. I liked the book, it was however somewhat repetetive with lots of  talk about gas stations and grubby restaurants and Bill's harsh reviews of  most of the towns he travelled through. It was an interesting book  nonetheless. If you're a big Bryson fan, might as well read it.
0440224764|5.0|This was my first John Grisham book and I have to say that it was the absolute best book I have ever read.  I think that the ending made the book and it left me with the feeling that he wrote it just as it should have  been written..It was a perfect ending.
B00000295A|5.0|Jamiroquai obviously have the word &quot;retro&quot; all over their style, but can't be written off as disco. That's injustice. It's a palatte of miscellaneous musical colours. The critic who wrote that excerpt says that &quot;E.O.P.E.&quot; is not their strongest musically, but that's a bunch of hogwash.  However, all their albums are infectious, so it's hard to say what is the best, but &quot;E.O.P.E.&quot; would be your best bet for #1.  Check out the environmental plea &quot;When You Gonna Learn,&quot; the urgent &quot;Too Young To Die,&quot; the care-free &quot;If I Like It Do It,&quot; the instrumental &quot;Music Of The Mind&quot; and the 10-minute anthem &quot;Revolution.&quot; If you'll listen, you'll like it.
B00000JGOH|1.0|This movie is all about immorality.  There is no redeeming value.  I give it 0 star.
6303148352|4.0|&quot;Jurassic Park&quot; is so old, yet... so timeless, ha.  I was a measley 11 years old when this box-office smash hit.  &quot;Congo&quot; was... trash- sawry, Steven S &amp; you die-hard &quot;Mighty Joe  Young&quot; fans.  The '93 &quot;Park&quot; (the prequel) is about a DNA  experiment-gone-awry. Personally, the trivial filler (where no action  occured) is tedious, but when it comes down to the wire and a T-Rex is  bending over you like you're a pathetic ant... that's where it's at.  It's  a little grim for the kiddies, I must admit (when a Seinfeld character gets  the ol' spitz in the eyes and bumrushed in his car, yeah... he died, heh  heh).  But I don't think they'll wake up in a cold sweat- &quot;Mommy, I  dreamt that I watched &quot;Barney&quot; and... he-he spit in Michael's  eyes cuz he screwed up a line of &quot;This Ol' Man&quot;!&quot;  Oh, no-  they'll just eat this up.  The icebreaker is when the cast members are  standing around while CG dinos are running amock like they're about to eat  their last meal.  The highlight, everyone will agree, is when it's  &quot;Tim &amp; Lex vs. The Relentless Raptors,&quot; which takes place in  a friggin' kitchen (scary, I know... but the idea wasn't too far-fetched  for me to engage in).  It's also funny when Lex has this stupid look on her  face while her fork reverberates from the thumping baby Raptor  Untouchables.  Did I mention a dramatic &quot;Tim about to plunge to his  death in the J.P.mobile&quot; scene&quot;?  Heh, heh, that was... kewl!  (Not how he escaped death, but the anticipation that he would fall, yes!)  Towards the end, it progresses into predictability and cheesiness, but  nonetheless, worthwhile (despite a jaded attempt at a decent storyline).  Rent/buy it for the momentary thrill.  All 'n all, Spielberg's got himself  a humourous/thrilling, yet very timeless classic amongst the &quot;King  Kongs/Godzillas&quot; of the film industry.  Heh, heh, kewl.  Vote for  this, you kool kats who took the 3 minutes to read it.- Braenchild.the 3 minutes to read it.- Braenchild.
B00002Z88D|4.0|...that's both Metallica and the S.F. Orchestra.  I bought this CD two weeks ago after hearing tracks on the radio, and am just blown away.  The combo of Metallica, the orchestra and the audience results in a burst of  energy that blows through the speakers like a tidal wave!<br />This CD has  turned me from a casual Metallica listener (didn't own any of their CD's  but listened on the radio) to buying as many of their albums as I can get  my mitts on!  Great going, guys!
B00001ZWTS|5.0|&quot;Wild Wild West&quot; is an all-around exaggerative look at early Western civilization.  This movie lived, somewhat, up to the hype (to my shagrin).  I thought it would be terrible as a result of too much publicity  &amp; merchandising.  But I was wrong. Didn't pay too much attention to the  storyline to condemn or commend it, but action/comedy-wise, it was a '99  contender for best movie of the year (with a cool Smith song to boot).  Smith &amp; Kline are like Brains &amp;... Ego, but Smith entertains with  action/wit, Kline humourously comes up with inventions of modern-day  America, and Salma Hayek... is brought in to, merely, look good.  It's bold  in the end when West &amp; Gordon realize that she's married to an old man,  let alone... married at all!  After all the previous good-natured sparring  between West &amp; Gordon on who has more appeal to her.  Highlights of the  film are &quot;Jim West in the descending water tower,&quot; &quot;Artemus  Gordon's sick humour,&quot; &quot;West's impending hanging amongst the  gallows for blunderheadely, but unintentionally insulting a white  woman,&quot; &quot;West's gypsy act to throw off no-legs Arliss  Loveless,&quot; &quot;the magnetic neck-braces/jump into the mud,&quot;  &quot;Artemus' beguiling impersonation of Ulysses S. Grant,&quot; &amp;  &quot;the big Tarantula-bot fight scene with Loveless, yep... he died  (well-deserved).&quot;  When it comes down to it, Smith did a pretty good  job without a stunt double (in 90% of the fighting).  Still doesn't live up  to &quot;Men In Black&quot; &amp; &quot;Independence Day,&quot; but  certainly no chump in comparison.  In short, a barrell-o'-guns... a blast!  Parental discretion for children under 13.
0767817478|2.0|Reading some of the more generous reviews one might actually believe this movie was a fun romp.  Not at all.  A fun romp is what the better half of the Japanese monster movies represent and what Devlin and Emmerich failed  to provide.  This is a truly awful adaptation both from the point of view  of someone looking for a good time and the Godzilla fans out there who  craved for considerably more.  Not to gloss over the Japanese monster  movies with their characteristically laughable dubbing and their sometimes  equally ludicrous plots but at worst, the original product  could be  enjoyed or excused as mere camp.  However, at best, the Japanese Godzilla  was shown as an irresistable force of nature smashing cities with impunity  and leaving behind a tremendous wake of devastation.  Japanese monster  movies are really natural disaster movies in which the natural disaster is  the star rather than the survivors.  Godzilla is more related to an  earthquake, volcano, or typhoon than King Kong, Frankenstein, or Dracula.   Sure, it's not Masterpiece Theater nor meant to be, but Devlin and  Emmerich's movie is too involved with meandering through the leading  character's absurd escapades around famous New York City landmarks and  developing dull &quot;Beverly Hills 90210&quot; like relationships to be  even that entertaining or to be any fun at all.  This version doesn't reach  high enough to be a good disaster movie or low enough to be humorous  B-movie material.  Rather, it spends less on Godzilla or the havoc she  causes than it does on the shallow love story between Matthew Broderick and  Maria Pitillo's characters or Jean Reno's involvement as the leader of a  French team whose sole purpose seems to be to spout clever quips with an  accent while maintaining a pose of heroic bravado.  All in all, the Army's  endless cavalcades to kill the beast with several poorly aimed rocket  barrages actually cause more damage than Godzilla's torpid strolls through  the city.  Ratherthan an invincible force of nature wrecking havoc like a  thousand hurricanes we are given a giant mutant stumbling through New York  and meeting a torturous end straddled on a bridge.  I do not mind movies  that are made solely for entertainment, for fun, but this was really no  more exciting than watching a giant reptile hunt!  For all intent and  purposes, this was a  100 million dollar marketing vehicle for merchandise  and The Wallflower's hit single.
6302891272|5.0|The story of &quot;Macbeth&quot; lends itself so beautifully to this film's Japanese setting that it's easy to forget that it was ever set anywhere else.  Toshiro Mifune is amazing here, as are the other actors,  and the direction is, of course, superb.  There are so many other great  elements in this movie, I don't know where to start praising them.  I still  wonder how they managed to pull off the final &quot;arrow&quot; sequence  and the shot of the woods advancing is one of the most haunting images in  cinema history.  This is a must-see film for any movie fan--as entertaining  as it is artful.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I got this CD for christmas 1999, and at first i was like eew! this cd is bad. but then after getting to know the songs more, and listening to the words, i got used to it, and now i play it like 4 times a day. so i would  reccomend it to any teenager! thanks
B000020617|4.0|Cd Is okay only 11 songs got my a down a little. <br />Fav songs: Stacked Actors, Breakdown, Learn to fly
B00000K2SC|5.0|I loved that movie. Keanu Reeves is amazing. I never really like sci-fi, but I loved it. It's the type of movie that grabs your attention to the end, but still gives you a story that boggles your mind. If you haven't  even seen it, I suggest you do, and don't miss out on this.
0767817478|3.0|Godzilla, though not as thought provoking as the Japanese original (sans Raymond Burr), it does deliver on basic entertainment. <br />Decent special effects, some good scenes. Lots of the acting was pitiful, yeah they tried  coasting this in on the coattails of ID4. Yeah, seen the plot before. Glad  I got a dollar off on the rental. <br />Not as bad as some people make it out  to be. The DVD was a good example of the tech. Though not a keeper.<br />A  decent beer-with-buddies-armed-with-rubber-tipped-dart-guns to shoot Matt  play girlfriend flick, when nothing really matters what is going on the  screen.<br />Fun. <br />And make sure you get it as a discount rental.
6305171769|4.0|This one was a good comeback after Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers. Good cast, setting, and the &quot;20 years&quot; theme was very good. A little too short and unexplained though. No mention of 3, 4, 5, and 6  {although 3 has nothing to do with the series anyway} Good ending too! I  hope they make a GOOD sequel to this movie.
078323354X|5.0|For anyone who appreciates music of any form, wheather it is blues, jazz, country, soul, rock, or even polka, this movie is for them.  The colorful story, wonderful charachters, endless cameos, and the musical culture  presented in this film make it forever a shining star in American culture.   I personally admire the charchters in this film to the point that I attempt  to model my personal behaviors after them...With the exception of the  destruction of property tendency.
0380973464|5.0|What a commitment one has to make!  This book follows Stephenson's style well and the microdetails make this a near-ready screenplay for any movie version.  The characters are realistic and there are no sides chosen here.   Everyone has their agenda for better or worse, and even the Dentist comes  across as nothing worse than an agressive version of Bill Gates.  The plot  sprawls out ad infinitum and I wondered when the book would start living up  to the description on the inside jacket.  Trust me, the book lives up to  its description, but you have to look at the entire work.  I reread the  first two chapters and marveled how the characters evolved.  This book  brings in NS's knowledge of Philipine politics to wacked-out stunts to  destroy information being collected by the Government.  The only potential  flaws are the occasional anti-government text and the unbelievable odyssey  of Shaftoe.  Take it in stride and reveiw your College Calculus books while  reading.
B00000JCB2|5.0|&quot;Signifigant Other&quot; is an all around great CD. Fred Durst was the person that you would hear the most. He threw in his own skits before all the tracks. And he does a hidden track at the end with him and Matt  Pinfield that tells the real reason that they put out the CD. All the songs  tell a story about Fred Durst and his &quot;crazy messed up life&quot; The  instrumental is great and I think that the CD is a must have for anyone 13  and over that likes this type of music.
6305633177|5.0|Well I have to be honest, this is not one of the best quality DVD out there but it is greatly remastered from the previously released video and for once for can see metallicas first bassit Cliff Burton play his heart  out without the terrible limitations of video. However I would ONLY  recommend this for MetallicA fans.
B000002B7W|5.0|I originally bought this CD more than a decade ago.  If you could somehow &quot;add up&quot; the musical talent of all the artists on the dozens of CDs I've bought since then, it might--just might--come close to the talent  you'll hear on this one.<br />There have been, and always will be, many  guitarists who possess the same level of technical ability that Randy  Rhoads did.  A few have probably even surpassed him in that area.  But  being a great musician isn't so easy as developing mere technical ability.   Instead, it demands a raw, innate creativity that makes the listener ask,  &quot;how did he ever come up with that?&quot;<br />We've all heard Ozzy  songs, if only on the radio.  If you like them at all, you will love  &quot;Tribute.&quot;  Why?  Well, I always despised the horribly  over-produced, over-polished sound on Ozzy's releases from the 80s (i.e.  &quot;Blizzard Of Oz,&quot; etc.).  The music just sounds  &quot;canned,&quot; for lack of a better word.  You won't find any of that  here.  Instead, Randy's incredible talent shines through.  I don't think  there has ever been a better guitarist.<br />In discussions of music, it is  often suggested that a particular artist either lacks or has  &quot;feeling.&quot;  If you never fully understood what that meant (and  who could blame you?), listen to this CD carefully and all will come clear.
B000001EAQ|3.0|This is average U2. Wait for the next album; it will be their best... well they said it!
B00001MXXG|5.0|This movie is a classic. Every time I watch it it gets better! Broderick is great!
6305388458|3.0|Based on the movie content alone this DVD gets 3 stars.  It loses 2 for looking and sounding quite drab.  This is a movie desperately in need of a sound and especially video remastering.  Since it is 20 years old and was  very low budget this will probably never happen.  I am basing this on the  standard DVD, I have not seen the Criterion edition.  I read EVERY review  and found they are all given 5 stars based on the movie alone (which  deserves it). But what about presentation?  The Criterion reviews were  obvious as they stated that there is commentary.  For those who have seen  both did Criterion use the same film transfer, or is it better other than  just the extras?  I would have bought the Criterion if I had known it was  going to release 2 weeks after the standard one, I will only upgrade if the  picture is better...
B000003N8G|5.0|A superb, classic work of musical art bringing into collaboration &amp; communion members of the Jazz Composer's Orchestra &amp; guests for a project dear to Charlie Haden's heart. Weaves together the open, free  directions of Ornette with songs written or adapted for use by the  anti-facists of the Spanish Civil War. Gato Barbieri's shrieks have rarely  sounded more suited to a context. Haden, Don Cherry, Paul Motian, Sam Brown  (flamenco guitar) &amp; Roswell Rudd are all standouts, as are Carla Bley's  amazing arrangements. A very exciting &amp; moving album, one of the very  best of the Sixties. &lt;br <BR> Bob Rixon, WFMU
B000002KY8|5.0|This is an incredible album, mainly because of its two enduring songs &quot;1999&quot; and my personal favorite &quot;Little Red Corvette.&quot; The latter song is amazing. It strikes a chord deep within me that's  unexplainable. You must listen to the song to feel its sensation. Even  though this might sound cliche, I believe that &quot;Little Red  Corvette&quot; is one of the best (or if not the best) song ever made in  the history of man. I know that may seem a little far-fetched, but that's  how much emotion the song evokes from me. With all that aside, the rest of  the album is rather enjoyable, although extremely dated with the use of  ever-so-80s synthesizers. The most memorable songs on the album that I  enjoy are &quot;All The Critics Love U In New York,&quot; &quot;Lady Cab  Driver,&quot; and &quot;Something In The Water (Does Not Compute).&quot; In  addition, another side note is Prince's humorous fixation with hippies on a  couple of the tracks. Nevertheless, 1999 is a highly enjoybale album and  one of my perennial favorites.
B000000HZT|5.0|If you feel that Tony Banks is...,then you have this CD or Album already. If you would take Trick Of The Tail or Wind &amp; Wuthering to your deserted island, take A Curious Feeling with you too. The highlight of this  masterpiece is &quot;The Lie&quot; &amp; &quot;After the Lie&quot;. The  first track &quot;From the Undertow&quot; Grabs your soul on note one and  lets you know that you just found maximum bliss. You can own every Genesis  Album and still have nothing until you have this. I also reccommend: 1.  Bankstatement 2. Still - Tony Banks
B00000J2SS|5.0|The first time I heard this record was about 12 years ago and it was a classical already for me. This is a live album with the best song from Rainbow with Dio,Graham Bonnet and Joe Lynn Turner and of course   Blackmore's guitar solo are superb.It's a collector's edition.
0805062971|4.0|Fight club is a very witty insightful novel about a young man that awakes and finds his life is all about what he has and does not have materially.  The boredom with life leads him to enter a life with a revolutionary soap  entrepreneur.  The revolutionary liberates men through fight club.  He  gives the men reasons for living,  excitement.
0393317552|3.0|The author tries to explain why some humans failed to develop technology and why those that did develop agriculture overcame those who did not. The author claims that there is no difference between humans and only accidents  of geography have led to the current state of affairs. This all politically  correct but does not convince me that all humans are interchangable. There  is a gradient in all plants and animals. Some a prettier, some are faster  and some are smarter. If this were not so, we would have no need for  Olympic competitions. The book is written in scholarly way but the premise  is flawed.
B00000K31V|5.0|GREAT FILM! ORIGINAL PLOT IDEA! FREAKY PROPS (LIKE THE GUN MADE OUT OF BONES THAT SHOOTS TEETH! ) AND JUDE LAW IS SPECTACULAR, AS HE ALWAYS IS! I SEE OSCAR IN THIS YOUNG MANS FUTURE! BUT ONE NOTE, ITS TOO BAD THERE AREN'T  MORE EXTRAS ON THIS DVD! BUT ITS STILL A GOOD RENTAL!
6300246787|4.0|Hello Dolly is a very good movie. Barbra Streisand is perfect as Dolly Levi she might be too young but she fit the part.I think she is a good singer... I think Is a nice story. It Not one of my favorite movie......   rated a 4
B0000399WI|1.0|Another victim of false advertising. I ONLY ordered this for the audio commentary (like all the DVDs I own) and there's nothing! Mine's going back for a refund!
1558803602|5.0|Romantic, slightly suspenseful, and certainly whimsical, the film focuses on the after-life and the chance at good-bye a hot-shot pilot (Dreyfuss) is given after he dies saving the life of his close friend (Goodman).  He  comes to understand that he should have done a lot of things in life, but  the only way to make up for them in death is to see that his loved ones,  namely Dorinda (Holly Hunter), are able to move on and achieve a full life  again.  Definitely romantic for any romance fan, but human enough to  provide some thoughtful entertainment.  Awesome.
0790734516|5.0|Bruce Willis and Damon Wayans are dynamite in this movie.  Both play has beens who had been much more in a previous life.  Ironically the ones responsible for ruining their careers just happen to be seriously corrupt  and when the two team up to stop them some wonderful action sequences  erupt.  This film is really a lot of fun if your looking for a nice action  flick to rent.  Though keep the kids away from it for it does contain a  handful of bad language and violence.  But it is really exciting and tons  of fun and ranks with other good buddy action films like Midnight Run, 48  Hours, and Lethal Weapon.  Check it out.
B000002UKS|4.0|This CD is definately worth getting. The foo fighters have a solid sound. There are some great songs that you can listen all the way through and say that rocks. That guy can scream!   The reason I say it's two sided is each  song is either very good, or very bad, but you'll love it! The good stuff  on the CD drowns out the bad!
0812550706|5.0|I loved the book Ender's Game.  It is very suspensful and interesting.  The plot keeps on moving around Ender, Valentine &amp; Peter, continuously while keeping the plot interesting.  Orson Scott Card revolves the plot  very neatly keeping most of the book to Ender, while devoting a large  amount of the book to the other minor characters.  Card is a very talented  author.  I can extrapolate that fact by reading this book.  The sheer plot  and intensity, the twists and turns, they demonstrate pure genius.  In my  opinion, I believe this is a 5 star book that everyone should read.
B00001QEE5|5.0|Peter Pan was the first movie I ever saw in theaters. I've been in love with it ever since. For a year I called my dad &quot;Peter&quot;.My email address is tinkerbell343. I was Tinkerbell for Halloween 5 years in a row!  I begged my parents to take me to see Peter Pan on ice! It is a brilliant  story, one of imagination and adventure. It is full of fairies, pirates,  and the wanting to stay a child. It is perfect for children(and grown ups),  and I HIGHLY recommend it!
B00002E233|5.0|Truthfully, the ONLY reason I saw this movie was because my female friend wanted to.  I thought that it would be TOTALLY wack. I was proved wrong.  It was SOOOOO much better than I thought.  Better than most horror movies.   There are some awesome jump scenes.
B000009ED0|5.0|I cant understand how someone could not like this its not super heavy or soft. it has great songs for everyone and just because he has bad language should not make you not like his music, or because he is on mtv (hes trying  to make a living) the hits on this album are inumerable
B0000028MA|5.0|This is easily the best movie soundtrack of the 90s (ok, Pulp Fiction Sndtrck. was good too), and I would argue that it is one of the best cds of the 90s. It captures the early 90s Seattle/grunge scene perfectly.  The two  Pearl Jam songs on here are terrific, and I really enjoy the Paul  Westerberg tunes as well.  The Smashing Pumpkins gorgeous heart-wrenching  track &quot;Drown&quot; is also a highlight.
0380730405|5.0|This book was intriguing and suspenseful and all the good things a book could be. It ended kind of abruptly, but that didn't bother me because the rest of the story made up for it!
B000001DTM|5.0|This albums just keeps sounding better and I appreciate it more and more as time goes by.  It is a classic and certainly one of the best albums of the 90s.
067960085X|5.0|&quot;Breakfast at Tiffany's&quot; was a beautiful, thoughtful story. the characters were developed so well, it felt like you knew them. It was wonderful!
B00000AFWZ|5.0|This is a beautiful collection of Psychedelic gems. I have the original vinyl version on Elektra records and this has been expanded to include more great bands and musical masterpieces. I have always been a fan of 60's  Psychedelia having lived through this period and it was a very creative and  exciting time. There are many new bands in this great box set that have not  been heard from in years and deserve the exposure and recognition. Also  included is a huge booklet  with cool pix and biographical insight on the  artists and songs. This is a must have and I highly recommend it to all  music lovers and fans of the great 60's music period known as Psychedelia.
B00002MZ2C|1.0|Ok, first off I just wanna say there's nothing wrong with rock music that has political messages or overtones in it. U2 is one of my favourite bands of all time and their music has a lot of political references. But RATM  doesn't make any sense whatsoever. Their music stinks worse than that  leftover christmas ham you find shoved in the back of your 'fridge around  February, and their lyrics(the audible ones) are pointless and tiring. What  are these guys trying to say? Do they mean anything with their messages, or  just get rich in this country while going around burning the American flag?  I mean ..who are these guys' influences...Marx, Lenin, Castro? As for their  music style, they need go buy the new Beastie Boys box set if they want  REAL rock/rap.
0385486804|5.0|This book had a great plot and a good author. I thought it was too short. It was a great book.
B000001F2H|5.0|What a sound! In this record, Clapton clearly shows why he developed a legion of fanatic devotees to his guitar playing. The astounding power of that Gibson Les Paul and the fantastic taste with which Eric plays it in  songs like 'All Your Love', 'Hideaway', or 'Key to Love' has not been  matched yet. I have listened to this album so many times that I know by  heart almost every single note on it (even though the first time I heard it  I was a little bit disappointed!)... As you can imagine, this is, by far,  my favorite record of all time.
0800132009|4.0|Shot beautifully and with wonderful acting, it is truly a treat to look at. The story is a bit slow, unless you are fond of military action, and doesn't make all that much sense till the last scene. It took me a while to  understand why Alec Guiness's character really wanted to build the bridge.  But it was worth sitting through the whole movie for the last scene,  involving the bridge. I was on the edge of my seat and very involved in the  movie by that point. I would recommend this movie, but I enjoyed another of  David Lean's films, Doctor Zhivago, much more.
B00000IQC8|5.0|Seeing this movie at the ripe old age of TEN I can say that (thankfully) most of the material went over my head.  As a teenager, interested in independent films, I revisited it. I'm glad I did, it is a classic in my opinion.  Not just of INDEPENDENT films, but of ALL films. It is an  absolute delight to see the world through Dante and Randall (played by  Brian O'Halloran and Jeff Anderson- look for them in Dogma)eyes.  The  skewed perspective of two skewed individuals is hillarious.  The antics are  beautifully acted and directed.  It is one of the funniest films of all  time, unmatched in it's combination of wit, stupidity and foulness with a  pinch of moral.  A great buy. &quot;Thirty seven? &quot;
B0000033J9|5.0|After watching the movie &quot;Doctor Zhivago&quot; (which I recommend, it was a lovely movie), I just had to go out and buy the soundtrack to it. Maurice Jarr's score is breathtaking. The balalaikas are wonderful, it adds  a very Russian feel to it all. My favorite piece is the 'Main Title' and  the other slower, more romantic tracks, which feature the famous  &quot;Lara's Theme.&quot; A nice edition for Doctor Zhivago fans or just  for anyone who enjoyed the music. It won the Academy Award in 1965. Get the  30th Anniversary CD, since it has some interesting facts and also has some  pieces that were cut out of the finished movie.
B000023VR6|5.0|Ever since the 1st Dre album i've been waiting for the next episode as Snoop says. Dre is untouchable this cd is a must have for the 2000. This album is a classic. The beats and rhymes are a nonstop ride oDres mind. I  respect everything about Dre's game. I've been waiting for years for the  release of the next LP like some type of Fiend and Dre has me hooked on his  work. So pick up this album and become a fiend just like me.
0553269631|5.0|First of all I can relate to all of you who hated this book, if I hadn't been asigned to reading it I don't think anything could have made me do it. I am also dissapointed in all the adult readers who say that it is  impossible for a highschhol student to understand this book. I am a junior  in highschool. I found this book to be an amazingly written classic that  sums up american life and beauty. I can't even begin to understand life  during the depression but this book gave me incredible insight. while I had  to force myself to stay awake to read it I think Carson McCullers is one of  the best authors of ever had the chance to read the works of.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This CD is wonderful. All of the songs are good. The techno accents to the music at a nice style to the songs without drowning out everything else. Great CD!
0553108034|3.0|I enjoyed reading this book, but the author insists on ending every damn chapter with a hook to keep you coming back for more. Used in moderation, I would have no complaint, but it got ridiculous.<br />Moreover, nothing is  really resolved at the end of the book; it isn't a complete story at all. I  am getting tired of the cynical editors and authors who keep releasing  incomplete stories. (There used to be trilogies, etc. in which each book  was a more or less complete story.)<br />However, Martin is one of the few  authors in the genre who can write, so it's still better than most fantasy  books.
B000000W5L|5.0|Few bands if any have ever been on such a creative hot streak as the Stones were when they offered us this one in '72. The Beatles with their string of &quot;Rubber &quot; Revolver&quot; &quot;Sgt&quot; and  &quot;White Album&quot; is a good argument and no I won't choose sides I  just tend to be polytheistic and worship them both. The Stones gave us  Exile after they had given us Beggars, Let It Bleed, and Sticky Fingers all  in a freaking four year period. Hey Oasis try that. As for the record it  does not have the instant appeal of Jumpin Jack Flash but in the end it is  so much more rewarding than any of their megahits. You get: the classic  Richards/Taylor riffing (Rocks Off or All Down The LIne), a brilliant  acoustic side(play Sweet Virginia and watch the uninitiated say &quot;who's  this?&quot;), white boy gospel(shine a light), protopunk blues(Rip This  Joint-I bet Jon Spencer likes that one), I'monjunk blues(Happy or  Ventilator), country hoedowns (Turd On the Run or Virginia), reworkings of  classics (Stop Breakin' Down) and even an FM staple (Dice). Why is it the  Stones best over Sticky Fingers? Well I guess bigger is better. One of  those deserted island records (I hope they have a lot of battereis on that  island).
6305327084|5.0|This has to be one of the best movies I have ever seen. Relationships, growing up, life, it has everything in it. The brilliant script is supported by great actors  like Timothy Hutton, Rosy O Donnel, Matt Dillon,  Mira Sorvino and ofcourse the lovely Natalie Portman, now i know what  Nabakov was talking about.. A must see!
B000002KGT|5.0|I have reviewed this before but I'd like to change it. Between the last time I reviewed it and now I've listened to Rumours at least 20 times! Every song is good and has a special meaning. &quot;Oh Daddy&quot; is  probably Christine's best song ever! And it is fun to listen to the dialoge  shooting back and forth. One minute your listening to &quot;Dreams&quot;  which is about Lindsey. Then a few songs later &quot;Go your own way&quot;  is on and thats about Stevie. Besides STOP trying to compare the fabulous  FLEETWOOD MAC with the Beatles. The Beatles suck!  Out of the top 24  selling albums of all time Rumours is #3 and the Beatles don't have ANY!
B00000JCB2|1.0|I have no respect for the artistry of any band that would appear on the &quot;WCW Mayhem&quot; CD.  As the previous reviewer said, Limp Bizkit is just another clever marketing ploy foisted off on MTV listeners.  Thank God  that in another couple of years they will have gone the way of Firehouse,  Winger and the Bullet Boyz.
B0000399WI|5.0|I am not usually so inclined to rave about a movie, but alas I must break my mold. The shawshank Redemption should have won all 7 acadmy awards it was nominated for. Forrest gump was a good movie, but not as redeeming as  Shawshank. I bought this DVD and was stunned by not only the picture  quality, but the score in full surround. Buy this now! You will not regret  it.
B000002KOJ|3.0|Although I love most of the other Joni albums I have, I only listen to a few songs on this one- That song about the midway, Chelsea morning, and Both Sides Now, which is such a beautiful track that you should buy the cd  just for it. Most of the other songs are a little weepy and melancholic-  Joni's voice is strangely high and warbly, I get annoyed when I listen to  it. Don't buy this early effort as a first Joni cd or a gift- but don't  miss out on the lovely &quot;Both Sides Now.&quot;
0393307050|1.0|Contrary to many of the reviews listed here (which influenced me to buy this book), I found it very tedious and difficult to read. It is so engrossed in the old English and ship terms that it's only value for me was  as an academic exercise.  Entertainment value: 1 out of 5, Technical  Sailing terms: 5 out of 5, Readability: 1 out of 5. Recommendation: Select  something more enjoyable to read.
B00000J7J4|5.0|An absolutely fabulous CD, Carlos Santana rocks...with Dave Mathews, Everlast, Rob Thomas, Eagle-Eye Cherry, Eric Clapton and others.  Great music to dance to or sing to.
0517122707|1.0|I also was suckered into buying this book based upon some user comments. Hopefully my comments and those of a couple of others here will enable someone else to escape the same fate.  <br /> In summary, this book is boring  rubbish!  <br /> The characterisations are good but that is all this entire  book has going for it -- the story is bland and boring. We do not care one  iota for any of the characters.  <br /> However, with great determination I  struggled through the whole book in the vain hope that some element in the  story would make the exercise worthwhile. But no, reading this book was a  complete waste of time.
0684874350|5.0|Angela's Ashes was a very moving and emotional book.  It was the heavy story of Frank McCourt's Irish Catholic childhood, yet it was written in such a witty way that it doesn't wear one out when reading it. McCourt's  style, especially with the converstaional sections in this book, adds a  world of meaning to a very witty text and paints a picture of all of the  characters in this book.  When one reads the way the old Irish folk songs  and poems are woven into the story, one cannot doubt that the author really  did live this life, and that all of the details are truthful to fact.  I,  as a reader, would recommend this book to anyone who is a serious reader  and is prepared for an emotional jorney through the life of the author,  Frank McCourt.
B000035Z2L|5.0|Great movie - and not just for teenagers!  In the 5 days since we watched this, my husband and I have been killing each other with lines from the movie (and we're nearly 30! ). I think this can rate up with Ferris Bueller  and The Breakfast Club for repeatable one-liners.  Just watch with an open  mind, and you'll find yourself laughing your tube socks off (no matter  WHERE you're wearing them)!
0613021339|5.0|My husband had hoped to sheild our daughters from the normal telling of this tale because he loves the story so much.  The wolves are very creative, and portrayed much as wolves really are; pack animals just trying to live their lives in their nice house(s).  The pig, well, pigs really can  be quite brutal, and *would* go after peace-loving wolves.  Fortunately,  the wolves inadvertently discover how to appeal to the lighter side of the  pig and make peace.  The other animal characters are very well drawn and I  especially like the &quot;kind-hearted rhino&quot;.  There are nice plays  on words that I missed on the first readings, and the illustrations are  appealing.  We really like the house that gets blown up by the pig  &quot;who wasn't called big and bad for nothing&quot;.
B00000IOSU|2.0|as a person fairly interested in the music of ms. mclachlan and who plays over and over the song, &quot;ice cream,&quot; i was disappointed with this compiliation.  i found it weak and flat and too easy listening-esque,  almost department store tune-like and attempting to not discomfort any  possible audience.  i wanted more grit and femme, as sarah typically gives.   try fumbling towards ecstasy instead.
0451191153|4.0|but this is still enjoyable. A good book to give your friends if you're not sure how they'll react to Rand.
0790736918|3.0|I saw The Searchers all the way through for the first time just recently and I don't see why it's supposed to be so great. I have read many of the reviews of those who loved this film and while I understand their  enthusiasm, I don't share it. It's all too unnatural and theatrical. I  never felt the main characters really developed and secondary characters  were often goofy. The Indians didn't look like Indians and Monument Valley  doesn't look like Texas. For a film ostensiblty about bigotry and  intolerance I didn't see anybody really change or learn anything. The  premise was intriguing but the payoff was predictably Hollywood. Did anyone  expect John Wayne's standard character (he's almost always either mildly  bemused or angry in every film) to do other than what he did? At any time  did he ever behave differently toward Indians or anyone else? The whole  ending with the coincidental timing of their return to the ranch seemed  very forced and silly. Only in the movies is a fight at a wedding a fun  time. This, for me, was a pretty good horse opera but nothing special.
B0000029LG|1.0|HIS STORY is that he invited little boys into his mansion and then taught them how to dance while he put his hands down their pants and molested them(because he's bad, he's bad).  Then the police investigated him and  inspected every orifice in his body- then he settled with the boys for  millions instead of going to court.  That's HIS STORY!
6304819935|5.0|I don't know what the fascination with the first film in this series is, this one BLOWS IT OUT OF THE WATER.  I hear people complain that this film isn't scary enough for them, that there isn't enough plot.  This film isn't  supposed to be scary, or have a coherent plot.  This is like one big crazy  violent carnival ride, much more of an &quot;art&quot; film than the boring  Swedish landfill that critics seem to adore.  Come on, this was called the  best film of the last 15 years by Spin Magazine back in 1994, and if I  remember correctly, that means that it beat out 5 Spielberg films.  It's a  good, fun movie starring my absolute favorite B-actor, Bruce Campbell (who  incidently, is very nice and sent me an autographed picture and a personal  E-mail a long time ago).  It has fantastic production values for a low  budget horror sequel, it really looks great even today.  Just rent it and  you'll see what I mean.
B00000ID2P|3.0|I enjoy Sade's work but am annoyed that she doesn't sing anything new.  She needs to make another album so I don't have to listen to the same songs over and over again. <br />So whenever she finishes running from the police in  Africa and pays her bail or has her trial or whatever she's doing, I wish  she would write more music.  Otherwise, I highly recommend all of Sade's  albums.
B00000JCB3|5.0|This is such a great Cd. I listen to it all the time. It took me awhile to decide if I should buy it or not but then I got it for a gift from my cousin and it was WORTH IT.
B000002PC6|2.0|It seems that ONJ feels she has to get something commercial out there to get attention for what she seems to really believe in.  &quot;Physical&quot; although it was her #1 selling single of all time is such a commercial song.  The pictures in the album are inane.  The  rest of the tracks like Landslide and Strangers Touch are just as  commercial.  Then you get finally to Silvery Rain and realize that there is a deep message to the song and its cleverly written and well sung.  And then The Promise which is a gorgeous song about Dolphins and I am a fellow Dolphin lover.   So, I give it 2 stars for these 2 songs.  The rest of it belongs to the  masses of people....  These 2 songs save the album.  Recovery is also good due to the harmonies and lyrics.
B00000DBXL|5.0|Buy this CD.  Once it arrives, play it 4 times in a row.  By the 4th time, it will be one of your favorites.  Prolonging The Magic is really simple: every song is great, not just good.  If you give it a chance you will love  it.  The only exception is if you don't really understand music.(if you  listen to britney spears and boy bands) :)<br />The first time I played it I  didn't think it was anything special.  But the second time (when I was  actually hearing the music, not just listening for the mood and the words),  I started to like it, a lot.  By the 3rd time I was hooked.<br />I listen to a  wide variety of rock, a little rap, and classical music.  I have a BUNCH of  GREAT CDs.  This CD is definately in my top 3.  I listen to it all the time  and think everyone else needs to hear it also.  It is different from the  first 2, but in my humble opinion, it's definately better.
B00000427L|5.0|Ashkenazy is truly a great pianist of personal poeticness. He lends to these concertos much color and depth. I have heard many many many renditions of these concertos and Ashkenazy's readings still remain my  favorite along side of Vasary's .. Ashkenazy's 3rd concerto is absolutely  wonderfully played, and the third movement is unmatched- mainly because of  Previn's support while Ashkenazy delivers the intermezzo with much  spellbinding playing of delight and energy. I honestly had to stop and  rewind that part of the the 3rd movement over and over again because I  failed to grasp onto how great the listening experience truly becomes (the  horns in the section that Rachmaninov and Horowitz omit truly turns that  variation into an emotional uprise).. Hear for yourself, and believe it  when they say that Ashkenazy's readings are worth your money!
B00000J7JO|5.0|The Red Hot Chili Peppers have come up with a real winner here.  With a wide mixture of tempos and songs, Californication is must have for every music lover. Scar Tissue, Otherside, Around the World are just some of the  songs that make up this great album. It is definitely the best album I've  listened to this year.
B000002IMG|4.0|This album is for any true metal fan. I just can't say enough about this band. To prove that, check out my review of Low.
1556154844|5.0|Buy a stack of these books and put them on your desk to give away like candy to any software developers who wander in. It's the best thing you could do for your company and its products. In my opinion, this is simply  the best book ever written for software developers. If you write software,  no matter where your skill or experience level is at using the gems gleamed  from this book will make you a better programmer. I have read this book,  cover-to-cover a total of 3 times since it was originally published and  each time I get something more/different from it. While most of tips seem  obvious in retrospect, most things in there seem to escape the practice of  most programmers. The style of the writing and layout of the graphical  icons in the margins of book make it fun to read and all the hard data  helps to drive each point/tip home....No professional programmer should be  without this book!
B00000BKDW|4.0|This is one of Maiden's most known albums and I guess it deserves to be, coz it's grrreat. Although not Maiden's best, Powerslave is an excellent album. It contains such Maiden hallmarks as '2 minutes to Midnight', 'Aces  High' and the AWESOME title track. I think there are no weak tracks among  the eight. If you're into Metal, buy it. If not, buy it anyway!
0790733226|1.0|A very slow moving film, with a poor ending. Good ideas but I don't think the director knew how to end the film. <br />Not recommended!
B000001FYL|4.0|For Jon's 1st Soundtrack by himself he did a great job. He managed to get some of the biggest names in the industry,and even had to turn some down. I found it amazing how he got alot of respect from Jeff Beck. That says alot  since Jeff is a legend.And he did a good job of tellin the movie thru the  songs..as is the case with Blood Money. Emilio Estevez did a good job in  pickin Jon..he captured the movie in this release
B0000020C4|5.0|This CD is by far the best of all the Les Mis recordings.  The cast is wonderful, Ruthie Henshall, Philip Quast, and Lea Salonga especially, though all of them have gorgeous voices.  While a CD that was recorded in a  studio may have better sound quality, it is missing the emotion and  excitement.  The TAC has practically no faults.  There is only one small  flub during Castle on a cloud.  While Hannah Chick is singing the word  'allowed', a balloon pops in the backround.  But this CD is so wonderful,  you'll hardly notice it.
B000002BE9|5.0|I fell in love with this album the moment I heard the first song.  This is awesome!  Fiona Apple is a great singer and writer, an old soul in a young body.  Britney Spears couldn't hold a candle to Fiona Apple (imagine  Britney singing Shadowboxer.  It's funny).  Criminal, Shadowboxer, and Slow  Like Honey are great songs!  The lyrics are awesome too... &quot;slow like  honey, heavy with mood...&quot;, &quot;adagio breezes fill my skin with a  sudden red...&quot;  GREAT JOB!
B000002BFL|5.0|It's remarkable how closed minded many pop music fans can be.  When Dylan went electric, many in his audience castigated him.  When Springsteen goes folk, many fans revolt (see below).  Musicians, however, are creative  people who must seek out new ground if they are to mature as artists, and  continue to be relevant.  In Tom Joad, Springsteen tones the music down,  and sings serious lyrics.  The result, for anyone open minded enough to  really listen to a sparse, folk-influenced record, is brilliant.  These  songs, moreoever, are not depressing  -- as frequently charged below -- but  life affirming.  They tell the story of the indomnitable human spirit which  continues to thrive even in the face of harsh cirmcumstances.  Springsteen  wants us to see the human face of those who we might otherwise ignore: the  homeless, the unemployed, the foreigners, and the illegal aliens.  He wants  to contemplate their plights.  He wants us to see that they are flesh and  blood, just like us, whose fates are very much tied to ours in ways we may  not even perceive.  This album is not a call for depression, but an appeal  to our generous spirit.  You can choose to ignore this record because it  does not meet your expectations of what Springsteen should be doing, or you  can embrace it because it defies expectations and demonstrates that  Springsteen is willing to risk his popular appeal for the purposes of  remaining in control of his music.
B0000013G9|5.0|This is the best album I have ever heard!  TLC is my favorite artist and that is for more reasons than one.  Waterfalls is by far one of the best songs of the 90's.  Creep is a great song, along with Diggin On You, Red  Light Special, Switch, and Sumthin Wicked This Way Comes (that's a really  great song).  TLC is one of the best groups ever, and I think that anyone  who saw them in their recent Fanmail tour can agree with me.  They were  awesome!  I'm sad that more people didn't go to the concert that I went to-  they certainly missed a great concert!  Keep it up TLC!
B000000XB9|5.0|One of the few greatest hits packages that really is what it says it is.  Creedence's music is timeless; yes it's identified with the 60's, but it would been great no matter what decade it came out in.  You just can't go  wrong with stuff like 'Proud Mary', 'Bad Moon Rising', 'Looking Out My Back  Door' and so on.  Essential for every rock CD collection, no matter which  part of the rock era you grew up in.  Believe it or not, used copies of  this CD are readily available from used CD stores. If you see one and don't  have it already, go for it!
B000021Y74|5.0|It's been a long time since I have seen a film this well done, I think it may even be the first, and trust me, I've seen a lot of movies.  It's plot was simple, that made up for its wonderful essance though. There was little  acting involved, I am not criticizing, simply stating.  The fact that there  wasn't a whole lot of acting gave it a unique and likeable sentiment.  This  movie is different from any other movie I have ever seen, and I have a  great love for foreign films, making this movie at the very top of my list.   I suggest this movie to anyone!
0553274503|5.0|I read &quot;Flowers For Algernon&quot; as an 8th grader, and I thought it was beautiful. The storyline, the characters, the message...it's all perfect. And I couldn't help but to cry at the end! I highly recommend this  book to anyone and everyone (though it's really not a little kids' book!),  because it is such a wonderful experience. Read &quot;Flowers for  Algernon&quot; ---&gt; you WILL NOT be disappointed.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Dude ranch was a fair CD but it is nothing compared to enema of the state. Blink 182 still have a knack for writing catchy songs that teenagers can relate to. Best songs are Don't leave me, going away to college, whats my  age again and mutt. Adams song is awesome in the verses but they should  have left the chorus a bit slower, but it is still a great song, different  than anything they have done. Their next CD should be sensational
630512762X|5.0|If you watch this movie with the thought that &quot;it is only a movie&quot; you will enjoy it, promised. Slightly futuristic ideas like switching entire faces and some slightly far-fetched ideas how two people  can take each other's place with no-one noticing but... it's FUNNY,  extremely well-acted by both CAGE and TRAVOLTA who had to study one another  very carefully and it's some GREAT directing! Woo's unbelievable - like a  dance choreographer he directs shooting scenes and disaster in the making.  A piece of art, no doubt. You'll like Cage both devillish :-) and as the  good guy - and all that in one movie! Three Thumbs Up! (checking for third  thumb) :-))
6305177473|5.0|i really liked this movie! all the character's played there rolls exalently! my overall impression of this movie, was i thought i is funny! being that i liked i liked it sooooo much, i asked for it, and watched  alot!  just imagine, in the movie &quot; hallie and annie&quot; were  played by the same person! w/out looking at the cast, would u figuire that  out!  didn't she do a great job!  so, watch this 5 star movie, you will  love it!
0790737345|5.0|This is one of the most beautiful love stories you can find on film. No better an angel than blue-eyed Cage and no better the love of his life than mesmorizing blonde curly-haired Meg Ryan. Even though this is being put  down as a &quot;chick flick&quot; :-) I know of a lot of guys who really  liked the movie (though they hate to admit to it, of course :-)), so don't  let yourself be discouraged by bad reviews. Instead, make the journey  yourself - follow angel Seth through his tormented journey to be with a  human - to feel, touch, smell... &quot;I'd rather have one touch of her  hand, one smell of her hair, one kiss of her mouth than eternity without  it. One.&quot; Poetry in motion. Amazing. Funny. Stunning yet simple. I  wish I had an angel like that fall for me :-). Don't forget your hankies  and get the soundtrack when you're done watching :-).
B00002Z88D|5.0|Since the Beginning Metallica has changed the face of hard rock heavy metal.With the release of load however alot of the hard core &quot;Metal Malitia&quot; had thought that Metallica had lost their edge.But with the  advent of &quot;S&amp;M&quot; Metallica has once again revolutionized the  face of rock and told all doubters that they never lost thier edge they  just sharpened it a little more.
B000002U9W|5.0|this is possibly one of Pink Floyd's greatest efforts. Great lyrics, great music, what else do you need? I think the best song on here is Roger Waters &quot;if&quot; Great music, but just listen to the great lyrics. it's like  nothing else!  i recomend you get this on with: Wish you were here, Dark  Side of the Moon, Ummagumma. just get this one!
B000002GD8|2.0|I recently reacquired this album as a CD and am wondering what I ever saw in it when I was younger. Crisis! What Crisis! came out at a time when Supertramp seemed to be intent on singing  all their songs in an even more  irritating falsetto than usual and much of it is pretty inconsequential.  That said, the album has more highs and lows than the grossly over-rated  Crime of the Century, and two tracks in particular -- Soapbox Opera and Two  of Us -- are worthy to be included in any compilation album. But if you  want a classic Supertramp album, you'd better look to Even in the Quietest  Moments.
B00002Z88D|5.0|There really is nothing more to say.  For years I have been awaiting another band to blend the sound of thundering guitars and the beautiful detail of an orchestra.  S&amp;M is just magnificent and leaves you wanting  more.  Master of Puppets could not be better.  Until now Savatage was the  only band who blended the orchestra with crunching guitars.  Metallica has  just added to their legend!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|When I purchased this album, I expected that the only song I would listen to was I Knew I Loved You. After listeneing to it a few times, I grew to love it. The only song I don't really like is The Animal Song. I really  like Hold Me, The Lover After Me, I don't Know You Anymore, and Crash and  Burn. This cd is definitely worth whatever you paid for it. :)
B000002JS8|5.0|i have always loved this cd. i have always been partial to the bon scott era and this cd is the best i think. the saddest thing about this is that i think bon scott was just beginning to discover his talent by then. his  writing contributions on this album are the best he ever did and i always  wondered how things would have turned out if he had survived. i also admire  the way the band carried on when he died because he was the patriarch of  the band. the young brothers and the others always looked up to bon for  guidance and i think bon would be proud of them for carrying on after his  passing. his music will live forever.
0767822900|5.0|Parents, you will love this movie.  My four year old (and I) have seen it about 20 times already, and we limit TV to 30-60 minutes a day.<br />There are only 2 scary parts:  Pepito wears a red devil mask and says &quot;boo&quot;  to the girls who have sneaked into the kitchen; Pepito and Madeline are  kidnapped by Pepito's tutor.  I know the latter sounds terrible, but for  some reason, it was not terrifying to my daughter. (We almost always watch  with her.) This beats Disney the frightening animated movies in many ways.   (Mary Poppins is a terrific exception.)  There was one &quot;damn&quot;  that I counted.<br />This was beautifully written, directed and acted.
B0000203YT|3.0|Mr. Fiennes did a good job of being Shakes, but If I were Shakes, I would tell the director change the leading actress from Paltrow to Emmanuelle Beart, or any better actress (there are plenty of better actress who can  speak English Accent). The directing was not bad, and the script was made  of literary dialoges, which was good, but the screen writing made no  suprise, and less taste.
B000002A3T|5.0|You know, I have been slowly buying Pink Floyd CDs, and happened to get this for Christmas. I am not a Pink Floyd fanatic, but slowly getting there. I'm not going to give a biased outlook on this because the entire  band isnt there, but judging from whats coming out of my cd player, its a  really good Disc and no household should be without it.
B000002UCE|5.0|This brilliant work, is unlike his prior solo release the classic Plastic Ono Band, in that Phil Spector's production sensibilities actually come through on this one.  The musicianship is outstanding (check out George  Harrison's guitar work on Give Me Some Truth). Lennon is in fine form as a  vocalist, musician and songwriter. Standouts include the title cut, Jealous  Guy, How Do You Sleep and Give Me Some Truth. There really is not a weak  number in the bunch. A must buy, as this is truly one of rock's  masterworks...Simon
1558908498|4.0|Scream 2 is far better than the first Scream because the movie is more in depth into Sidney's life and Gale and Dewey's romance.  Yes of course there is a killer running loose and killing everyone in sight and we try so hard  to guess who that killer is, but once again, the killer is usually someone  who we don't guess. I do hope that Scream 3 is better than Scream 2, so  that way the trilogy is a classic horror hit.
B000008GEF|4.0|Following up the brilliant All Things Must Pass was no small task.  Where this set is not quite up to the standards of his debut effort, it is still a strong effort.  On both A.T.M.P. and Living In The Material World, George  took the time to showcase his strong musicianship as well as his fine  songwriting abilities. Many of the same musicians back him up on both.  Billy Preston, Nick Hopkins, Klaus Voorman, Jim Keltner, Alan White and  Ringo all make their presence felt. A highlight would be Sue Me, Sue You  Blues which sounds like it could have come from the Let It Be sessions.  It's a shame he got lazy as a musician as later efforts became less and  less interesting. The only flaw to be found here would be with his  occassional lyrical preoccupation with Hare Krishna beliefs.  For  non-believers it can be a bit much but fortunately there are enough numbers  free of such sentiment to hold one over.  This disc is well worth  obtaining...Simon
B000002UDB|5.0|Just remember, kiddies, Satanic Magesties took a lot more talent and effort than this one- NOT!  Lkeener probably couldn't play a note or hold a tempo if he tried, so he decided to bash the Beatles.  Just for your info,  Mr. Lkeener, John and Paul wrote &quot;Baby, You're a Rich Man&quot;, not  George.  Shut up!
B000002UD1|4.0|This recording is not equal to the brilliance of Plastic Ono Band or Imagine but is still a terrific set.  The songs are strong as is the musicianship. Lennon is in fine form as a vocalist. The only flaw is to be  found in the production which sounds a bit dated.  Still, it's a terrific  record well worth owning...Simon
B000002MUQ|5.0|I don't care what the other reviewers say, this is as good a Van Halen album as any of the past. How can you go wrong with Eddie's guitar playing along with Sammy's singing? You can't. One of the songs here, &quot;Can't  Stop Loving You&quot;, brings back the style of &quot;Dreams&quot; in a  perfectly produced way. In fact, it is probably their best &quot;pop&quot;  song to date. The opening song, &quot;The Seventh Seal&quot; and  &quot;Don't Tell Me What Love Can Do&quot;, bring a more darker sound but  with meaningful lyrics and great instrumentals. Quite possibly the best  album by this band. Too bad Sammy left but he is also making great music  now on his own.
6303020089|5.0|I thought that this was one of the best movies I have ever seen. It was really suspenseful and it kept me on the egde of my seat. Tommy Lee Jones and Harrison Ford work really well together and are great actors. You  should definetly buy The Fugitive.
B000002L99|5.0|This album came out when I was a senior in high school and it was all the rage. I remember hearing it all through the hallways at school on the &quot;walkmans&quot; around campus. This was the beginning of a new Van  Halen with Sammy Hagar. I never really liked them with David Lee Roth but  when this album came out and hearing the songs on the radio (Why Can't This  Be Love, Dreams, Love Walks In, Best Of Both Worlds), I had to get this  terrific album. Sure it sounds more pop orientated then their older stuff,  but who cares? Its great music at any rate. Get all of Van Halens stuff  with Sammy and you won't be dissappointed.
0140544518|5.0|A Great Book. This book is hilarious and does an excellent job of helping kids remember that there are two sides to every story. I use this book along with the original story and The Three Little Wolves and the Big Bad Pig to introduce the concept of different perspectives to 3 to 5 year olds.  They love the stories and suprisingly enough, they start to grasp the  concept that everyone has a different story to tell. Highly Recomended.
B000002LPD|4.0|This album is very good with songs like &quot;Poundcake&quot;,&quot;Runaround&quot;,&quot;Right Now&quot; and &quot;Top Of The World&quot;. But a few songs dropped this album to only 4  stars. &quot;Spanked&quot; and &quot;Man On A Mission&quot; are lyriclly  throwaway &quot;weird&quot; songs that didn't need to be on an album this  good. This album has a slightly harded rock sound than 5150 and OU812. I  still recommend this album for all the good songs present here.
B000031XCR|3.0|I have been a fan of Celine Dion from her first record, UNISON to her outstanding FALLING INTO YOU. Quite honestly, I was not thrilled with LET'S TALK ABOUT LOVE...it had little or no consistency, so I had high hopes for  ALL THE WAY. I was not as disappointed as I was with LET'S TALK ABOUT LOVE,  but I was not enthralled.<br />First off, the greatest hits section. All of  the songs were wisely choose except &quot;Love Can Move Mountains&quot;?  What's the meaning of that? And where are &quot;When I Fall In Love&quot;,  &quot;All By Myself&quot;,&quot;Where Does My Heart Beat Now&quot; and  &quot;Tell Him&quot;? Some of her most familiar, and beautiful tunes were  kept off this album. But for the most part, the songs choose will not  dissapoint.<br />The new material is far more startling. It starts off strong  with her fantastic &quot;That's the Way it Is&quot;, the sensual &quot;If  Walls Could Talk&quot;, but the REAL highlight of the ENTIRE album is her  haunting cover of &quot;The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face&quot;- truly,  the first song of hers to give me the chills. Then, there's &quot;All the  Way&quot;- which I didn't care for at all. &quot;Then You Look at Me&quot;  is actually a pretty good number, considering the writers(James Horner/Will  Jennings) but it's downhill from there. &quot;I Want You To Need Me&quot;  is plain silly, and &quot;Live&quot; is rather bland, even depressing.<br />To  sum it up, ALL THE WAY towers over LET'S TALK ABOUT LOVE but comes NO where  near her masterpieces FALLING INTO YOU and COLOUR OF MY LOVE.
078062369X|5.0|I LOVED this movie and I'm only 11! Its about a women who is pregnet who gets bit by a vampire. She went to the hostpital because she was bit but she also was having the baby!So that means the baby was half mortal half  not! Its all about him trying to save the world from the vampires. You  should check out the sound track. 11 and 12 is the best. I guarntee  that!Please get this movie. IT'S THE BOMB!
B000031WD8|4.0|I rented this movie the other night and have to admit that it wasn't as bad as I expected.  It's a very sexual coming-of-age story told from many different points of views.  <br />  There were two things that I thought made  the film very enjoyable.  One, Jim (Jason Bigg's) relationship with his  father is great.  Its awkwardness is brilliant.  The other is the  relationship between the Oz character (Chris Klein) and Heather (Mena  Suvari who was also in American Beauty.)  This relationship has the most  development and was in my opinion the most interesting.  <br />But since this  is a teen movie, there has to be the obligatory cheap laughs.  Human *ahem*  bodily fluids in a drink, a laxative joke, etc.  The strange thing is, I am  a teenager (18 yrs old, thank you very much) and did not laugh at these  jokes.  <br />I've also noticed that people screamed at the movie's foul  language.  Trust me, it isn't THAT BAD.  After seeing South Park and Blair  Witch Project, watching this seems like watching a Disney movie.  <br />So  there you have it.  Was it entertaining?  You betcha.  Worth a watch?   Definitely.  The funniest movie ever?  Well... no, but still check it out.   You won't be disapointed.
0590353403|5.0|I have read many books, books about everything. But there are not many books that have been as fantastic as this first book about Harry Potter. I am a huge fan of fantasy books, and it is just amazing to read this book, to think about that someone is capeable to write such a piece of  excellence. Although I am 18, and supposed to be grown up, I must say, the  first thing I am going to do after the holidays is to run to the bookstore  and buy the next book.
6302797535|5.0|This is a clever send up of murder mysteries by playwrite Neil Simon. Everyone should see this. Agatha Christie, Charlie Chan, Columbo, Sam Spade, and The Thin Man movies are all butchered with hilarity in mind.  Milo Perrier, Miss Jessica Marbles, Sam Diamond, Inspector Wang, Dick  Charleston and Dora Charleston are invited at the mansion of Lionel Twain  to solve a murder that ends up being his own. A blind butler, played to  hilarious perfection by Alec Guiness, and a deaf mute maid complete the  goofy ensemble. The cast includes Maggie Smith, Peter Falk, James Coco,  Elsa Lanchester, David Niven, Eileen Brennan, and the remarkable Peter  Sellers shine in their roles. Have a good time solving the murder!
6300214028|5.0|The film Reds is a wonderful portrayal of life both in America and in Russia during World War  1 and the Russian Revolution.  I love this movie because it forces you to look beyond what you can see with your eyes, and  focus on what the director is trying to symbolize.  I am convinced this  film will be captured in the hearts of many people for many years to come.   Two thumbs up!
B0000203YT|4.0|This is a pleasant movie to watch, with a great storyline and cast. Joseph Fiennes is remarkable as struggling Will Shakespeare, who falls for wannabe actress Gwyneth Paltrow (Viola). Don't miss Geoffrey Rush as a frenetic  theatre owner and the marvelous Dame Judi Dench as a wisecracking but  dignified Queen Elizabeth I.
B00002MZ12|5.0|Alanis is one of the most powerful muscians and lyricists.  Her performance on MTV unplugged proved once again that her musical style, aptitude and depth can reach many generations.  Some of the more powerful  songs: &quot;That I Would Be Good&quot;  which is featured in the film  Dogma.  &quot;No Pressure Over Cappucinos&quot; which reminds of me of  youth and the struggles of growing up.  &quot;Princes Familiar&quot; speaks  to fathers encouraging them to set the examples that their daughters will  search for in mates.  This is a very lyrical and moving CD.  I am  constantly amazed by this artists beautiful voice and heart-felt lyrics.  You will not regret having this CD in your collection.
B000001FMX|4.0|An album that bites back, the New York Dolls self titled debut, a gem that noone has really found. The Dolls were slagged off through out there career, as being souless, no talented, junky, transvestite, communist,  ne'er do wells. This album is proof to negate that all. An excellant  introduction to one of the best Post Punk bands to ever come out of the Big  Apple. Check out Personality Crisis, a Dolls standard. Try Frankenstein, or  Trash(killer track indeed) or Subway train! Forget all the negative  hyperbole, and get into the groove. This is one cd you need.
B000002UTH|5.0|I own every RHCP album and single ever made.  This is my favorite album.  I liked the Peppers the best when they were a Funk band.  So, if you like Funk, you'll love this album.  If you like more Red Hot Chili Pepper  &quot;Rock&quot; style, I'd recommend Blood Sugar Sex Magik instead.
B000005IU1|5.0|As far as musical debuts go, this one takes the cake! White hot killer catchy infamous album that helped define what became known as Punk Rock, Glam Rock, and Heavy Metal. Front man Iggy Pop(Amen) and his motor city  brothers do not disappoint here. Non stop explosion of music that still  sounds fresh today, 30 years later. The definite in pre-proto Punk. Many  classics, some include...I wanna be your dog, 1969, and No Fun. Everysong  on this cd has been covered at least once! You need this one, badly.
B000002KON|5.0|If you like tuneful rock music with intelligent lyrics and a strong hint of British pub, then you're going to love Arthur.... Its biggest treat has got to be the tune \\"Shangri-La,\\" arguably the finest rock song ever written. \\"Shangri-La\\" is rock and roll at its very best -- a tuneful, rockin' song that really has something to say. It's one of the few rock songs to actually pay attention to the lessons of sociology. Its insights into the human condition are astounding -- just ask anybody who carries a mortgage. Almost as good is the sprawling \\"Australia\\" where they \\"surf in the sun on Christmas day.\\" These are rock anthems at their best! Yet much of the album offers tender, touching songs that will break your heart.<br />Now it can be safely said that the tunes may not appeal to everyone. There is a strong element of British pub music present -- and while it may not be everyone's cup of tea (sorry about the pun, Kinks devotees) the lyricism and tunefulness of this masterpiece simply cannot be denied. With this album, Ray Davies shows that he belongs up there among popular music's elite along with Bruce Springsteen, as the finest rock composers and lyricists of the rock genre.<br />Grab this album as soon as you can. While it may not be widely known, it illustrates all that rock and roll can be. Enjoy!
B000031XCR|5.0|Coming home from work one evening listening to the radio, they played the cut &quot;all the way&quot; with Sinatra. I pulled of the road to listen to it all. A perfect blend of two great talents. I purchased the cd for the  one cut only and was pleasantly surprised with all the cuts being very  good. Good luck Celine, enjoy your time off with your husband.
B00001QGPR|5.0|I admit frankly that I have minimal formal musical training.  Nevertheless, I'll go out on a limb here with the following conclusion: 'hours...' does not sond at all like Hunky Dory, Ziggy Stardust or any  other Bowie album, despite the fact that it is melodic and well crafted.   One exception: the chorus at the end of &quot;If I'm Dreaming My Life&quot;  sounds reminiscent of some of the earlier work.  On the whole, however,  this is a new work with a fresh and different sound.    <br />&quot;Something  in the Air&quot;, &quot;If I'm Dreaming My Life&quot; and &quot;The  Dreamers&quot; are, in my opinion, the most outstanding songs on the album.   However, all the songs are quite good, though I'm not especially partial  to &quot;Brilliant Adventure&quot;.<br />I love the album and will listen to  it, now and in the future I am sure, as much as any other  &quot;classic&quot; Bowie album.  <br />If I could give advice to Bowie (which  I am sure he would never take, nor sould he), I would say, &quot;keep going  in this direction, but make the next album a little more peppy or  upbeat.&quot;  But Bowie going in the direction of wherever his musical  interests take him, I'm sure, will yield more productive results.  So like  all his other fans, I'll just wait to be pleasantly surprised.<br />Keep on  'Rockin'...
B000002UA9|5.0|Well, that goes without saying, I guess....  After all, this is the Beatles, a group which (no matter what anyone might ever tell you) simply cannot be overrated.<br />This album might pale slightly in comparison to  their later work (being a debut, and a frantically rushed one at that), but  judged on its own merits, it is a great album.  Simply put, it's a lot of  fun to listen to.  And when compared to what else was out there in the last  year of the Kennedy administration, it's terrific.  This album not only  re-inivgorated rock music at a time when it had become woefully anemic, but  it also ushered in one of the most creative periods in popular music.
B000001FY9|4.0|Bottom line: Bob Marley is the king of Reggae.  Basically, if you have an interest in Jamaican-stlye music, grab this CD.  Great songs, good beat, a bit depressing, but a must for any music lover.<br />If you like this, you  MUST get Desmond Dekker!
B000002RXS|4.0|I yield to none in my veneration and admiration of Maria Callas.  During her greatest days, no artist in opera came within miles of her, but the role of Carmen would never have attracted Callas had not the severe  contraction of her vocal resources in the early 1960's compelled her to do  so.  Camen is essentially a mezzo role, but is also well suited to sopranos  with strong low notes (and, in Callas's case, with fading top notes).   By  the time of this recording in July, 1964, the entire upper fourth of  Callas' voice had completely collapsed.  The fabled artisty and musical  intelligence remained intact -- and thus the assumption of Carmen on  records (never on stage, however).  While Callas sounds reasonably  comfortable vocally here (at no point does she have to venture a really  sustained note above an A flat at the top of the stave) -- her greatest  moment being the Gypsy Song (&quot;Les tringles des sistres  tintaient&quot;) at the opening of Act II, I am not convinced that her  characterization is all that revealing.  For an artist with Callas' uncanny  interpretive gifts, a far more unique and innovative reading might well  have been expected.  She is certainly convincing in the role, but in a very  traditional sort of way: sexy--yes; haughty---also yes; ferocious---of  course!  Where, however, is the charm that Victoria de los Angeles and  Teresa Berganza possess in abundance? Not here at all.  Bottom line:  from  another artist the caliber of work here would be judged as very good  indeed, but from Callas it seems downright &quot;ordinary&quot; (a word  never much used in relation to Maria Callas!)  Still there are certain  phrases that are tellingly projected (&quot;la bas...la bas&quot;, for  example) as only Callas could project them.  In the final analysis, I would  not count this Carmen as being among the great and essential Callas  creations --- it is a role that Callas attempted out of vocal necessity  rather than out of artistic bent.  The Don Jose of Nicolai Gedda is close  to perfect ---- if there was ever a tenor more vocally and musically suited  to French opera in the last fifty years, he escapes my attention.  His  voice is so lyrical and so &quot;right&quot; for this music that one is  spoiled for another tenor in this role.  I would rank his Don Jose as the  best ever committed to recordings (and his Don Jose here is even better  than his earlier one with Beecham on the celebrated 1960 de los Angeles  recording, also on EMI).  Andrea Guiot is a routine and vocally pleasant  Michaela while Robert Massard is an acceptable Escamillo.  Georges Pretre  is an idiomatic &quot;Carmen&quot; conductor, and he provides plenty of  Gallic flavor here, from his orchestra as well as from his cast.     I do  not view this as &quot;the&quot; recording of &quot;Carmen&quot; --- there  are other versions that would come closer to filling that bill --- the  Abbado with Teresa Berganza on DG, or the EMI Beecham recording with  Victoria de los Angeles -- and even possibly the classic RCA Reiner version  with Rise Stevens.  But (and this is a big &quot;but&quot;) if you are a  Callas fan -- and there are multitudes of us ------ you will probably want  this recording.
089898890X|5.0|The Art of Bop Drumming (with CD)
0812932293|5.0|An incredible life that often has the pace and suspense of a well-crafted adventure novel.  Important lessons for the businessperson or entrepreneur...AND portrait of the culture and music of the last thirty  years as an added bonus.  One of the few business books you could enjoy on  vacation too.  I devoured it over a weekend and recommend it.
B000002UAU|5.0|This album was visionary both in terms of its music, and its view of the rise and decline of the pop/hip culture of the late '60s and early '70s.  Popular music was never the same after the release of this remarkable  album.  Similarly, the album foretold the evolution and ultimate demise of  pop culture, from the opening off-key, innocent cut &quot;Sgt. Pepper's  Lonely Hearts Club Band,&quot; followed by the vulnerable, and trusting  &quot;I Get by with a Little Help from my Friends,&quot; through the  drug-induced &quot;Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds,&quot; &quot;The Benefit  for Mr. Kite,&quot; and culminating in the ever-so-slick and extremely well  polished &quot;Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (reprise),&quot; and  the alienated and desperate &quot;A Day in the Life.&quot;  As is the case  with life, and the evolution of culture in general, the '60s pop culture  rose on Psalms, faltered on Job, and declined on Ecclesiastes.  Long Live  the Beatles!  Amen.
B00000J7J4|2.0|I can't believe that such a well respected, and talented band would stoop to recording with ROB THOMAS.  While this may be the pinnacle of Rob's career, I would consider it the low point for Santana.  The fact that it  has become so popular is sad.  Santana has almost betrayed its roots as an  inspired and ORIGINAL jam band of the late 60's and early 70's.   &quot;Supernatural&quot; lacks almost all of the bands former jam  inspiration and has resorted to good marketing and the naivete of the  listening commutity for success.  If anyone wants to hear real  Santana...uncorupted, check out &quot;Live at the Fillmore '68&quot;.
0385484518|5.0|I don't understand how anyone can bash this heartfelt story of a student and the most important teacher of his life.  This book brought me to tears and I can honestly say that no other book has had that effect on me.  This  is definitely a book everyone should read.. We should all become aware of  what is really important in this life.  Well if I told you the sacred  things of this life, I would be giving away the story... Read this  one...You wont forget it!   Oh yea I just happen to be a freshman at  Brandeis this year...I just thought I would add that...I wish I would have  had the chance to have had Maurie Schwartz as my teacher and in ways I did  eventhough I never spent time with him in a classroom.
B00001U0DP|5.0|This is a fantastic DVD, highly recommended not only to Benigni fans, but also to those interested in a movie that takes a very unusual and personal approach to the defining event of our century.  Benigni's direction is  uncomplicated but effective--he lets the story do the talking.  And while  there is plenty of Roberto's vintage slapstick--the schoolroom scene rivals  Sellers at his goofball best--the film's triumph is the way Benigni marries  comedy with devastating tragedy.  Life is Beautiful gloriously celebrates a  theme seen throughout Benigni's ouevre: the triumph of kindness,  simplicity, and love in the face of cynicism and  evil. It is an  old-fashioned film in the best sense of the word with solid acting from the  supporting cast and a fine musical score to complement Benigni's antics.  One of the few &quot;must haves&quot; among 1999 releases.
0792152328|1.0|FIRST OF ALL, I CAN'T BELIEVE HOW THIS GARBAGE CAN BE COMPARED TO SUCH A WONDERFUL MASTERPIECE AS GONE WITH THE WIND. HELLLOOOO!  PEOPLE! TITANIC IS THE MOST UNORIGINAL, UNROMANTIC, UNCONVINCING LOVE EPIC I HAVE EVER  SEEN! HOW CAN THEY EVEN CALL IT AN EPIC!  HOW THEY CHOSE THIS TO BE THE  BEST MOVIE OF ALL TIME IS BEYOND ME. I THINK BOTH PEOPLE AND CRITICS SHOULD  TAKE SOME TIME TO SEE A REAL CLASSIC SUCH AS THE MOVIE I MENTIONED BEFORE.  I THANK GOD EVERYDAY I DIDN'T WASTE 7 DOLLARS TO GO AND WATCH THIS PIECE OF  DUD IN THE MOVIE THEATRES. <br />WATCHING IT AT HOME WAS A TREMENDOUS HEADACHE  IN ITSELF.
0671502336|5.0|Yes, this book takes a great memory to keep characters straight and a lot of time to get through, but it is the funniest book I have ever read.  I have read it twice now, and it was even funnier the second time.  Like a  review on the back of the book says, the book will outrage as many people  as it delights.  You may hate it, but I think most people will laugh out  loud when reading it.  It is definitly worth a try.
B000002A46|4.0|One of the best christmas CD's out there. One notable track - All I Want For Christmas Is You, possibly the most famous christmas song made in the nineties.
B000000WCV|5.0|This album always raises my spirits.  All of the tracks are not as catchy as the single Around the World but the album contains enough gems to be wonderful for a rainy day.  This album is the epitome of good house music.
6303346367|3.0|WHILE VIEWING THIS, I HAD BECOME LOST IN A SENSE. WHAT DOES ONE EXPECT FROM HITCHCOCK? SUSPENSE THAT INTRIGUES YOU GREATLY AT TIMES. BUT THIS FILM LACKS THESE ATTRIBUTES. THERE WERE GOOD SCENES THAT HELPED THE FILM  GREATLY, BUT THE LACK OF SUSPENSFUL SOUND IS WHAT CREATES THE SMALL QUALITY  OF AN ENDLESS BORE. MUSIC IS WHAT CREATES SUSPENSE. TAKE &quot;PSYCHO&quot;  FOR EXAMPLE. NOW JUST PICTURE THE SHOWER SCENE, WITHOUT THE CLASSIC  OVERTURE THAT IS WELL KNOWN TO SCARE PEOPLE: ALONG WITH THE SCREAMS ETC.  THIS FILM LACKS MUSIC. MUSIC IS THE MOST POWERFUL MOOD CREATOR EVER. I DO  REALIZE THAT THIS IS ONE OF HITCHCOCKS EARLIER FILMS AND THE SOUND IS  SOMEWHAT HORRIBLE. THIS IS MOST AGREEABLY, HIS BEST BRITISH FILM. I WOULD  SUGGEST SEEING IT AND YOU WILL SEE FOR YOURSELF THE OUTCOME. THE ENDING IS  NOT WELL PLANNED. IT HAPPENS TOO QUICKLY WITHOUT MUCH BACKUP. FURTHUREMORE,  IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO SEE ONE OF HITCHCOCK'S BEST BLACK AND WHITE SOUND  FILMS, I WOULD HIGHLY RECCOMEND &quot;THE LADY VANISHES&quot;
B00000J6AG|5.0|I am listening to this recording right now and I must say it is begging me to abandon my keyboard and dance.  This album has captured my heart.  The loops constructed of smithsonian-type field recordings are not only  inventive but irresistable.  This is the best electronia album I know of  and it represents the best of a great genre of music.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I'll admit that where Diana Krall is concerned I cannot be objective.  I love her as a musician and a vocalist and a person.  I was lucky enough to hear Diana in person at the Masonic Aud. in San Francisco on Halloween, she  was superb.  I spent last New Years Eve with Diana Krall at Yoshi's and I  cannot think of a better person to spend it with.  My last 'see' Diana  venture was at Stern Grove in San Francisco where she played and sang songs  from her new album as well as breaking in two new musicians for her trio.   I can't remember being this excited about a singer/pianist and all around  beautiful person in a long time.  Where ever Diana is this New Years Eve  I'll be thinking of her and playing her albums, I have them all.
B00001IVOR|5.0|THis is the best Album ever ! If ou don't have it I feel sorry for you.Nothing else EVEN COMPARES!
B00001U0DP|5.0|This is an absolutely wonderful film!  Roberto Benigni's performance and story are very moving.  Although there are elements of sadness in the tale, there are also elements of joy and conquering evil.  Grab a box of tissues,  settle into your favorite chair, and watch this film.  The extra elements  on the DVD are also nice (theatrical and t.v. trailers, a short featurette  about the making of the film, and the ability to choose English or Italian  track and subtitles) and enhance the experience.
0316286850|2.0|Although Kevyn is a very talented make up artist, this book is for (1) the very young with no wrinkles (2) models (3) movie stars. I wish Kevyn would do a book for the everyday women. This would have been more helpful to me.  I just can't see myself sprinkling glitter all over the character marks  (also known as wrinkles) my eyelids or face. Kevyn, get real, there are  more of us aging baby boomers out there that want practical advice!
B0000057C5|5.0|This album is great, it is better than Herzeleid.I thought that Tier &amp; Kuss Mich (fellfrosch) were 2 of the coolest songs yet. I also loved Stripped, but not many of the CD's with that are sold here in the U.S.A.
B000021XS0|5.0|After their disappointing album &quot;Falling into Infinity&quot;, Dream Theater defintily redeams their status as progressive metal gods with their latest album &quot;Metropolis II:Scenes From A Memory&quot;.  Any fan of  old Elton John, Yes, Genesis, and especially Queen will feel right at home  with Dream Theater.  Each song is carefully crafted to remind old fans of  the earlier albums as well as present new progressive material.  I  especially enjoyed the acoustic parts of the songs which bring a new light  to the repetiore of Dream Theater's &quot;grab bag&quot; of progressive  riffs. I will mention that James LaBrie's vocal talent has slided obviously  from their last few albums.  Jordan Rudess is the best addition to DT's  line up bringing unseen talent to the band.  He is by-far the beat  keyboardist of this decade.
0316779237|1.0|A Christmas present and what a waste of time and money. &quot;SantaLand Diaries&quot; was boring at best. If the guy doesn't like being an elf, find other employment..but don't bother us. Please!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I really do feel that that Battle of LA is the best album i have got...and that is in a collection of 500+ CD's. The song Testify I think is excellent,and while other Rage fans may not agree i stand by my opinion...i  own all of Rage's albums and this is by far the best...the otherb were  worth 5* but this is even better....LIVE IT
0783230621|1.0|This was one of the worst acting jobs ever done.  However; I must blame the bad acting on the director and the script.  If this movie was a comedy I would have rated it higher!
0590353403|5.0|The Harry Potter series is simply marvellous!  I got these boks from my cousins who live in U.K  Before I'd got them, I'd never even 'heard' about Harry Potter. I'm VERY GLAD to my cousins for introducing me to these fabulous series. J.K Rowling is THE BEST author! I can't wait for the rest  of the books in these series to come out. I've already got the 1st 3 books.
B000031WD9|1.0|I believe this movie billed itself as &quot;This generation's Animal House&quot;.  It's been a while, but I seem to recall that John Landis, even at that early stage of his development, managed to balance a desire to  challenge the sensibilities of those days without sinking to the obvious or  cheap without some offsetting subtle gags.  No such luck here.  It's play  for the &quot;quick and dirty&quot; laugh all the way.<br />My fifteen year  old asked me if he could see this picture and I replied in the negative.  I  wish I could say it was because the content and sophistication were beyond  him.  Rather, I was embarrassed as to what he might make of popular culture  as we enter the new millenium.<br />Save the money and get something more  challenging and witty, like &quot;Dumb and Dumber&quot; or maybe  &quot;South Park&quot;.
B00000DFRS|5.0|I was thrilled when I got this album for Christmas. And now, I can't get enough of it. You've gotta love tracks 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 8, and 9. Whitney Houston's old stuff may not be that great, but her new stuff is the  absolute best!
B000002J6F|5.0|I have always been able to pinpoint my favorite music with the time that I first heard it. It was spring 1972 and I was 20 years old, finishing up the spring quarter at Ohio U. I was in a downtown record store when they put  this on the turntable and let it spin. Needless to say I stayed for all 4  sides of the double lp and bought a copy as soon as I was able to put  together the cash. This music still defines country/rock better most.
0792151712|1.0|LET ME TELL YOU PEOPLE(ALTHOUGH CONSIDERING THE REST OF THE 900 REVIEWERS, NOBODY MAY EVEN SEE MY REVIEW, BUT HERE IT GOES) I HAVE SEEN PLENTY OF MOVIES IN MY LIFE, MOSTLY DURING THE NINETIES. AND LET ME TELL YOU  SOMETHING, TITANIC BEATS THE WORSE OF THE WORSE. OH, IT SHOULD'VE WON 11  ACADEMY AWARDS ALRIGHT...FOR MOST HORRENDOUS MOVIE OF ALL TIME! I MEAN,  HONESTLY, THERE WAS NO MEANING AND ORIGINALITY TO THIS GARBAGE CALLED A  MOVIE. THE WORST ADDITIVES WERE THE ACTORS! I HATED ROSE DEWITT BUKATER!  SHE WAS SUCH A WEAK CHARACTER. IF YOU WANT TO SEE A BEAUTIFUL, TALENTED,  STRONG CHARACTER, GO SEE KATIE SCARLETT O'HARA IN  GONE WITH THE WIND. NOW  THAT'S A REAL LADY. AND...I WILL STATE NO COMMENT FOR THE MALE ACTING LEAD.  PUH-LEEEZE! <br /> I JUST DON'T GET IT. WHAT DID PEOPLE SEE IN THIS MOVIE. WAS  IT THE VISUAL EFFECTS, OR THE &quot;SUPPOSEDLY&quot; HOT PROTAGONIST?  IF  YOU WANT TO SEE THE REAL TITANIC STORY, GO SEE THE ORIGINAL MOVIE BACK IN  1953. IT MIGHT NOT HAVE AS STUNNING VISUAL EFFECTS AS THE MODERN ONE, BUT  ATLEAST IT'S MORE ACCURATE, AND IT DOESN'T FOCUS ON THIS FAKE,CLUELESS,  ONE-DIMENSIONAL ROMANCE!<br />OH YEAH, I SHED TEARS ALRIGHT...<br />AFTER WASTING  ALL THAT MONEY BUYING THE MOVIE! <br />GEE..THE USEFUL THINGS I COULD HAVE  DONE WITH THAT MONEY....
B000002L9W|3.0|i think this personifies the mood and energy:of the times.d.l.r. is the ultimate in-your-face rock star.masking showmanship and bombast to cover for a weak voice and mediocre songs.d.l.r. saves face by hiring great  studio musicians to carry the load!
B000008GEF|5.0|I have always been a big George Harrison fan, and while I like ALL THINGS MUST PASS, this is by far the most soulful and beaufitul of his albums.  I just wish they would come out with a version with special bonus tracks from  the same period in George Harrison's career.
B000023VR6|4.0|There are definetly phat songs on this Album but there are some song that sound too much like RB, lots of skits that are unrelated to the album and too many guests (he dose have to promote his artists) dont get me wrong  though.  try not to bob you head on &quot;Still Dre&quot; difference and  bang bang are other gems on this album
B000002UAU|5.0|Sgt. Pepper was the first music by the Beatles I had ever heard, and sure enough, I grew to love it and then collected all of their albums.  It's concept is such a great one--I love all of the little touches, especially  the surprises at the end of &quot;A Day In The Life&quot; (by the way, that  song is the album's best, an apocalyptic view of the future that is a nice  complement to &quot;Revolution 9&quot; from the White Album).  I love this  album.  It is so short and yet has had such an impact on music.
B000002H97|5.0|This cd is one of the greatest rock cds in the 90s. Not only is enter sandman great but it just keeps going and going. No need to skip tracks.
0385484518|2.0|I READ THE BOOK BECAUSE IT HAD BEEN ON THE BEST SELLER LIST FOR QUITE SOMETIME AND HAD BEEN RECOMMENDED TO ME.  IN GENERAL, IT WAS A REAL DISAPOINTMENT!  ALTHOUGH THE BOOK WAS TOUCHING AT TIMES, IT DID NOTHING BUT  SKIM THE SURFACE OF THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE AUTHOR AND HIS \\"COACH.\\"   EACH CHAPTER WAS SO SHORT THAT NO TOPIC WAS ADAQUATELY COVERED.  I FELT  LIKE I WAS READING THE OUTLINE OF A NOVEL ABOUT TO BE WRITTEN.  I ALSO FELT  THAT IT WAS SOMEWHAT INSENSITIVE TO THOSE LESS FINANCIALLY FORTUNATE TO  READ ABOUT THESE TWO MEN'S DISCUSSIONS OF GIVING UP THE PERSUIT OF MATERIAL  HAPPINESS.  NEITHER WILL HAVE TO WORRY WHERE THEIR NEXT MEAL WILL BE COMING  FROM IF THEY GIVE IT UP.  THE BOOK IS SHORT AND COULD BE READ IN A COUPLE  OF HOURS SO DO SO IF ONLY TO KEEP UP WITH THE CULTURE.
B000002TLX|5.0|I played Now and Forever when I proposed to my wife. We also had it performed at our wedding.  This is a song that is a true &quot;love song&quot; from a man to  woman.
0792152328|5.0|This movie has some excellent qualities about it... Despite the actors do an adequate job with their roles, the special effects are quite good.  Seeing the people fall to their deaths reminded me of those Faces of Death  movies.  It looked so realistic.  When the cold Arctic water starts to fill  up the Titanic, the panic, terror, and desperation on the faces of the  lesser actors and actresses looked very realistic.  It was like the movie  audience was actually there.  It was also reported that some of the scenes  in the movie's subplots actually did happen.  What an incredible feat that  the screenwriters and filmakers could film these scenes with such skill.  Yet this movie is disturbing to watch.  I hated every minute of it.   Watching this movie is giving in to sadism.  What a horrible event to make  a movie out of.   Let's take a look at it...  When the Titanic sank, over  1,000 people lost their lives due to gross negligence.  From making a movie  of this unfortunate event, the director and the studio execs made many more  millions.  This is a form of exploitation.  Same with watching it.
B000002UAX|5.0|The White Album, with its thirty songs, has a bit of everything.  Hard rock, light pop, folk ballads, parodies, and the just plain weird (i.e., &quot;Revolution 9&quot;--a fine bookend to &quot;A Day in the Life&quot;  from Sgt. Pepper).  The more you listen to it, the more it grows on you.
B00000JCB2|5.0|If you liked Limp Bizkit's $3 dollar bill ya'll$ you will LOVE Significant Other!  The band has matured alot with their song writing and musical talents.  This C.D. is a little more mellow then the first.  It has more  signing, rather then screaming, and some more hip hop rap added to it  (feauturing wu-tang clans method man) This C.D. also features KoRns  Jonathan Davis and Stone Temple Piolets Scott Weiland.  Be sure to get this  C.D.  It is a must have!  Every song is good!  There is also and edited  version of this c.d. for the younger listeners to have.
B000006G1P|4.0|I'm an adult and did not find this movie &quot;unwatchable.&quot; In fact, I've seen it twice.  I like the fact that is reasonably clean, too, and promotes good things like the fact that to Richie's parents the sentimental  things are of greater value to them than the material things and that to  Richie and his faithful valet having friends and treating them right is  more important than all their wealth.  This is one that I allow my kids to  see and enjoy.  Tons better than &quot;Babe--Pig in the City&quot;  (although the first &quot;Babe&quot; was great!)  Richie Rich promotes  decent values of wealthy people who are generous with those less fortunate.   And besides that, it's definitely cute and &quot;watchable&quot; for many.   We must not always dismiss a clean, decent movie because we don't  personally like it.  We must allow for the various tastes of different  people.  I personally don't think &quot;Shakespeare In Love&quot; deserved  even an Oscar Nomination, yet it won!  Obviously we don't all think the  same, so some of your friends and mine would enjoy Richie Rich, I'm sure!
B00000099Y|5.0|First off, I must respect Tool's efforts of not sticking with &quot;the formula&quot; by making their songs much longer than the short three minute songs one hears on the radio; this shows their time and effort with the  music.  The skill and talent of Maynard's singing frightens and delights me  everytime I pop the CD in my CD player.  All of the instruments (including  the vocals) combine and mix to form some seriously creative energy.  This  band seems quite intelligent with the references to 46&amp;2, the third  eye, Leary, futants, (-) ions, cesaro summability, Jung, etc.  They are one  of those bands that spark a glimmer of thought into people's heads.  If you  get bored with all the &quot;smart stuff&quot;, you can count on their  enraged lyrics and intense guitars to get your head banging, if you like  doing that sort of thing.  The song &quot;Third Eye&quot; is a psychadelic  powerhouse with enough lyrics and sound to wake you up even when you think  you are awake.  Especially note the length of the song (around thirteen  minutes long) and yelling Maynard pulls off at the end of &quot;Third  Eye&quot; (&quot;Prying open my third eye!&quot;).
630522577X|5.0|I think my fair lady is very good. It is about a flower girl thay wants to be some one better,work in a shop, but she turns out something better. Between Higgins and Pickering this is done. with many fantabuols songs this  musical is superb
0790729687|5.0|This movie is excellent. &quot;Fright Night&quot; is the only other vampire movie that made as much an impression on me. I was very skeptical when I learned that this movie stared Tom Cruise, but he plays his part  magnigiciently. What a story!<br />Go see it!
B00000K19E|5.0|The matrix is the best movie ever. It over takes Star Wars and all other Sci-Fi flixs. I just can't wait for the 2nd one. So if you get one movie  this year make it the MATRIX.<br />Follow the white rabbit.
B00000AFWW|2.0|It's hard to disassociate Hole from the ballooning ego of Courtney Love nowadays.  Sure, previous albums were all about her too, but they were more acceptable as a band before Hollywood stardom beckoned.  The disturbing  amount of Kurt-centred or misogynous reviews of this LP below me bears this  out.  Therefore, I'd like to present a review of the music, not the  personality.      Sadly, it's hard.  This is the sort of move that only  someone surrounded by fawning yes-men could possibly make.  It's music that  makes a virtue of its blandness, its facelessness, and its sheer plastic  airbrushed soullessness.        I realise Courtney's probably having a joke  with us here - after all, what could be a greater scam than getting a song  on MTV that denounces the dull conformity of the MTV lifestyle?  As it  happens, I'm a great lover of irony, but there's a time and a place.  She  now resembles nothing less than Dave Stewart, a man so successful and  problem-free he has to invent problems for himself.  Does anyone seriously  care about Courtney feeling a bit uncomfortable at a celebrity party?   Despite all the &quot;poor me&quot; bluster, that seems to be the most  traumatic event on the album.        This is why this LP has been reviewed  on personality; without the opinion-dividing, controversy-loving figurehead  of Courtney, Hole are as mediocre a band as, say, Thunderbugs or even the  Backstreet Boys.  Take away the manufactured scandal and all you have is a  fine title track, the aptly-titled &quot;Awful&quot; and &quot;Northern  Star&quot;, which is the blandest song I've heard since the golden days of  Bon Jovi.        It's not a bad album per se.  But it's not far off.
0790731002|3.0|I'm really sorry to hear everyone blasting this movie so badly. When it comes to the Batman series I believe the dark style of the first Batman was a better choice, but you need to drop that and go from dark to just plain  fun! This movie to me was a return to the craziness of the original TV  series. I liked this version because it was something other than rehashing  the first movie. I was a big fan of the original TV series and I liked to  see the cast having a good time playing some really wacked out characters  again. Jim Carrey was a real hoot as the riddler. And Tommy Lee Jones,  rather than try to show up Carey's craziness, opened up a darker, more  serious version of the much-disturbed TwoFace. This movie is a roller  coaster of a good time filled with craziness - so what else would you  expect from a storyline about two men in rubber suits and capes who run  around in lit-up vehicles saving Gotham City?  Take a silly pill and just  enjoy it!
B00001U0DP|5.0|I am very picky when watching movies. My wife went to see Life is Beautiful at the theater, I did not want to go. So when it came out I rented the DVD because my wife like it so much. Now that I have seen it  myself, I can very well understand what the fuss is all about. It is a  splendid movie!<br />I laughed, I cried, I laughed, I cried, I laughed and  cried at the same time... Wow! This is a movie (specially if you are a  husband and a father) that completely changes your perspective on life. If  I could have given the movie 10 stars I would have. it made my top-ten list  of all time great movies.<br />I recommend it to anyone. Those who criticize  obviously missed the point (Speilberg included).
0226264017|5.0|The test of time had vindicated Milton Friedman.  When this book was published, its ideas and concepts were far from mainstream.  Today, the tide has turned decisively in his favor and away from Keynesianism and  corporatism.    His critical and thoughtful defense of the marketplace and  critique of socialism laid the groundwork for the resurgence of the  American economy.  Friedman is not anti-state, after all he recognizes the  need for the state as an impartial umpire.  He cautions against relying to  heavily upon state intervention as it leads to a consistent reduction in  personal freedom.
B00000JZC4|3.0|I don't necessarily reccomend this CD to those of you who are mainly attracted to &quot;Take A Picture.&quot; This CD has some great songs, lead by &quot;Welcome to The Fold.&quot; It's a good CD, but not for top  forty-fans.
B000002IZ4|4.0|Well, i'd say that this album is very good, but i have to be in the perfect mood to listen to it. I really like all the songs, but i wish there were some more upbeat songs that make me really feel content. To all those  people here that hate grunge: it may not be for you, but other pple like  it. Everyone has different music opinions.
6302517036|5.0|I rented this movie by mistake. I was so impressed with it that I went out and bought it! It has everything, humour, sadness, horror... The special effects are pretty good, and the characters are well built. This and  Interview with a vampire and probably the two best vampire movies in recent  memory.
0792839676|5.0|Carrie was a Greatttt movie. Sissy Spacek made a perfect nerd. The settings and lighting made the effect of terror sooo real.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|While not exactly shocked, I was surprised by quite how great &quot;When The Pawn. . .&quot; really is. This album screams in all the right the places, and whispers in the right vein, too. It's truly exceptional.
0964385619|5.0|I found this book filled with insight and encouragment for me to start taking action towards building my own business.  I always wanted to start my own business successfully, but did not know how or where to start.  I  wanted my business to be successful (like every one else), however without  losing money or failing.  I learned from Cashflow Quadrant and this book  that losing money and failing is part of the process to a successful  business. This process I'm referring to is life changing for you.  And it  is you who will have to change in order for your future to change the way  you like it.  It is not easy, but not changing and losing money is. If  you're less than 30 yrs old, I recommend you definitely read this and apply  it slowly.  If you're over 30, I think you should quickly read this book  and apply quickly.  I know it's harder if you're older because there are  more responsibilities on your plate, but that's what happens when you start  later in anything...there is some catching up to do.  However, I believe  the rush will be worth it.  And you'll be a changed and happier person.
0060392584|5.0|Es UNa historia muy conmovedora, con muchos detalles y situaciones   shockeantes, lo de la nies es muy fuerte y habla de sus amores, sus  frustaciones, etc, y como vencio a todos los que se crean mejor que l,  este libro esta enterito en ingles, asi es que tienes que saber harto  ingles y igual tener al lado un dicconario, fisicamente es un libro duro,  negro, con el dibujo de la divina comedia tallado en l, al centro tiene  fotos a color de posiciones raras en sus discos (por ej, la portada de  smells like children pero manson mirando al lado), etc<br />PERO ES UN  EXCELENTE LIBRO!!!!
B000001DQI|4.0|Ladies and gentlemen....introducing Reg Dwight, aka Elton John. On Goodbye Yellow Brick Road, he will tantalize you with his piano work(Funeral For A Friend), rock your socks off(Saturday Night's Allright For Fighting),  irritate you with senseless filler(Jamaca Jerk Off), and make you laugh  with funny songs(Social Disease).<br />I agree with the review that said Reg  was a talented songwriter that never seemed to make a classic album. Most  of his early stuff was very good, but they always had filler material that  kept me from rating them five stars. <br />Some great songs here, but also a  few nauseating ones.
B0000019HU|5.0|I really wish that i could give this CD more than 5 stars, because this is an absolute classic!   These songs are so good, they'll rip out your heart and tear it into... Some very heavy, emotional songs!  And Brian McMahan's  voice will just make you melt, singing some very intellgent and very deep  lyrics. Breadcrumb Trail, Washer, and Good Morning Captain are the best, i  think.  This album gets very hypnotic and tripped-out, too... as Brian and  David strike some intriugingly spacy chords.  Britt Walford excels on the  drums, and Ethan Buckler plays an especially groovy bass.   A MUST  HAVE!
B000035Z2L|5.0|What an excellent movie!   It was very funny. I WOULD recommend it to anyone over the age of 18 and WOULD NOT recommend it to the parents of teenagers.  Go out and rent it.  It's worth it!  I guarantee you will laugh  a lot and you'll love it.
B000002H5I|5.0|I usually listen only to punk, but a friend of mine lent me this CD one day, and I haven't stopped listening to it since.  The messeges in her songs are powerful and relevent, and Tracy Chapman's beautifully  distinctive voice makes this one of the best albums ever released.
B000001EGE|4.0|Some wonderful stuff here. It really makes you wonder why Elton has scaled down his piano skills on his recent music. His finest music was made with piano, bass and drums, with no other frills. <br />The soft piano touch  displayed on &quot;Mellow,&quot; and &quot;Think I'm Gonna Kill  Myself&quot; has rarely been showcased again from old Elton. I wish that  he'd junk the Adult Contemporary slop and Diva concerts and concentrate on  making some good piano music again. He's risking his legacy today on the  pathetic drivel that he thinks is commercial.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Multiple special effects; some of them were subtle so watch for them.  Acting was above average at best.  However, the concept of the movie and the story were fantastical and novel.  If you like Star Wars, you probably  would enjoy this.  There was some humour too, which was icing on the cake.   But, it definitely was better in the theater, than on a regular T.V.  The  second one is coming this summer...I can't wait!
6303443192|5.0|This had to be the best horror movie I have ever seen.  I don't really think it should be considered horror though.  I always thought it was a drama until I went to buy it and my dad corrected me and told me to look in  the horror section.  Tom Cruise was pretty good, and Brad Pitt was great.  Kirsten Dunst was insanely awesome!  Antonio Bandaras was good, too.  I  could go on forever about how great it was.  All I can say is &quot;buy  it.&quot;  It is too good to not have a copy of it.
B0000024ZT|3.0|can be found on this album, but there are some songs that are a bit weak (in the context of who it is).  I chalk this up to Bruce being young and this was his first album.  I still listen to it often.  In all, I think  it's pretty darn good.  Look how many songs stand the test of time: Growing  Up, Spirit in the Night, It's Hard to be a Saint in the City, I Came for  You--these songs are still familiar after 25 years.<br />My husband hates  Bruce Springsteen, but even he can stomach most of the songs on this album.   While it isn't my favorite of Bruce's, it is one of my favorite albums  overall.
B0000028RR|5.0|My first Rage CD was Evil Empire. I thought that no Rage CD could top it. In fact, most bands couldn't dream of topping any of Rage's CD's. Every song on this CD is excellent. For not exactly fitting into a category of  music, that's incredible. Buy all of their CD's. But if you could only  choose one, I would choose this one. I'm just sorry I didn't discover this  CD earlier.
