B002GY9F9K|5.0|I got hooked on this show form the first day it aired on TV.  Love it & I am so glad the series is continuing.  I was so happy when the first season was available on DVD.  Got my sister & friend hooked on the show also.  Loved the show so much that I ended up ordering the first set of books in the book series - haven't started those yet but I am so looking forward to it & I know I will not be disappointed.  You will get hooked on this show once you start!
B00004W50T|5.0|This is an awesome album!I thought I knew \\"The Band\\" and their music but once I experienced this music I was in awe and faced the fact that all the rest was fluff compared to this effort.One would be hard pressed to find a more talented group of musicians who from very early on made it clear they were unafraid to think \\"outside the box\\" and explore new horizons while at the same time remaining true to their roots.  This is a \\"must have\\" album if you are a fan of \\"The Band\\"; if you are not currently a fan you will be once you have checked this out!
0393072231|5.0|Contrary to the whining horde of \\"munificent\\" 1-Star allocating-Kindle owners, I actually read the book.  Yes, through that \\"antique\\" medium, a hardcover printed edition.  A medium which allows me to lend it out, have it signed by the author, pick it up in 20 years once more (after Michael Lewis pens the sequel), and place it prominently alongside other Michael Lewis volumes on the book shelves of my homely reading room.    I refrain from a comprehensive review, given that numerous detailed and persuasive reviews appear on these pages, regrettably buried amongst an alarming preponderance of peeved Kindle owners, who have instead opted to commandeer the reviews for purely self-centered reasons.  Reasons completely unrelated to the narrative. (Instead of unfairly skewing the book reviews of The Big Short, Amazon provides Kindle owners with the appropriate forum to voice complaints (below the book image): Tell the Publisher! I'd like to read this book on Kindle!)    The Big Short is an interesting read, written in the delightful, thoroughly investigated, and remarkably enlightened style to which Michael Lewis aficionados are accustomed.  While the book certainly doesn't encompass the entire body of the financial crisis, The Big Short provides an interesting account on some unlikely luminaries engaged in the markets prior and during the heights of the recent financial crisis.  The book merits a prominent place amongst a collection of texts recounting products and players that contributed to the rise and fall of financial institutions, markets, and concepts.
B002W6Z0UK|1.0|the \\"lady gaga\\" persona is actually a very clever business decision. she's the perfect fabricated idol for all these wannabe fashionistas who see themselves as \\"club-goers,\\" and fashion that into an identity because they're desperately bored with themselves and want to think they're living the \\"movie\\" of their lives between facebook updates about blacking out; \\"ironic,\\" probably pierced/tattooed 20-somethings who crave peer validation almost as much as they pretend not to, and who are easily impressed by accessorized quirks because they were fed on a steady diet of superficiality their entire lives and mistake noise and sensation for substance. soulless, boring music for people who match.
0151003084|5.0|While I was down in my man cave I happened to come across a show called \\"American Idol\\".  I'm not sure if any of you are familiar with this show, but apparently it consists of four middle aged adults picking on young kids who can carry a tune in the middle of a Ford and/or Coca-Cola commercial.  In any event, I was engaged in a lead pressing event - squats - so I couldn't change the channel to something more manly, such as anything on Spike TV...  thus I ended up watching.  Most of the contestants were pretty boring, however one came out on stage and begun singing my favorite Rolling Stones song, Paint it Black.  The singer, Siobhan Magnus (thank goodness they write the names out with the phone numbers) did a great job singing it - good enough that I squeezed out a few extra reps at 4,500 pounds each...<br /><br />In any event, what caught my attention most was the tattoo on her right shoulder.  It was of a little dead guy holding an umbrella.  I looked it up and discovered The Gashlycrumb Tinies.<br /><br />The book details the suspicious deaths of over two dozen children.  If this doesn't have serial killer written all over it, then I'm the Pope.  How does George get smothered under a rug?  Earnest choked on a peach?  Zillah drank too much gin?  How did she even get access to alcohol?  I smell cover up.  Perhaps if Gorey dove into the back stories of these \\"deaths\\" we might be able to gather some evidence to uncover the real story behind Kate and her unfortunate encounter with an axe.<br /><br />That said, I thoroughly enjoyed all of the death and mayhem portrayed in the book.  Believe me folks, having been on a 14 hour flight to Frankfurt (don't ask) with a kid crying/yelling/kicking my seat/and throwing up during 12 of those hours, I can relate to Edward Gorey's murderous impulses.  If I were a betting man, I'd put my money on his inspiration for this book coming from his airplane travels.<br /><br />Who doesn't like seeing kids murdered in unusual ways?  Now please excuse me as there are two men in suits ringing my doorbell...two men in suits ringing my doorbell...
1401323820|5.0|If you love the show like I do you will love the book.  You can't help but picture the characters from the show with the characters in the book and the book made me laugh as much as the show does.  I LOVE THE SHOW Castle and have the first season on DVD & have been passing it along to my friends to get them hooked & it is working.  It was just fun to read a book that they kept talking about on the show - my only negative to the book is I wish it was longer!
B000E1ZBH2|5.0|I have seen both the 95' version with Firth and Ehle and this one with Keira and Matthew. I have to say that I liked the 2005 version much better. I just didn't feel the chemistry between Firth and Ehle. And they seem a lot older than the characters in the book. Colin Firth too I felt was too stiff faced and did not bring out the emotion or torment he felt. He keeps staring at Ehle like he wants to hit her.   I thought Matthew Macfayden was a real find in this movie. He really seemed to bring out all the range of emotions he felt. Keira knightly too was very good in her role.   The movie though I felt was short and had some scenes I would have liked to see cut out, was a wonderful adaptation of the novel itself.   The rain scene where Darcy proposes and the last scene where he comes at dawn to talk to Lizzie was spot on. I couldn't have asked for a better adaptation there.   On the whole if you have read the book this movie is a must see.
B0001YRVN4|5.0|Nice packaging. Does not dissappoint.  Great way to expose the next generation to a classic :)
B00005K9LN|5.0|The above title for this review is a joke, but, really, this album might as well be labelled a greatest hits collection what with it featuring many of Judas Priest's most well-known songs ever. Almost every song on here is a five star-rated song, in my opinion.<br /><br />After the Priest's not-so-great last album (Hell Bent for Leather aka Killing Machine), this one was a much-needed breath of fresh air. Right from the very start the Heavy Metal Assault begins with rapid-fire drum beats and scorching guitar riffs in the awesome and aptly titled Rapid Fire, and the album pretty much doesn't let up until the very last track. This album is absolutely THE definition of Heavy Metal music.<br /><br />What else can I say that the other reviewers haven't already? British Steel is a must-have in any Hard Rock/Heavy Metal fan's collection. So get it already and find out why Judas Priest are called the Metal Gods (Speaking of Metal Gods, the song would make an excellent addition on the soundtrack of the next Terminator or Transformers movie).<br /><br />Standout tracks are: Rapid Fire, Metal Gods, Breaking the Law, Grinder, United, Living After Midnight, and Steeler.
0784010501|2.0|What can I say? Madonna fans have seen this a zillion times. If you are new to her or have never seen it and are curious, well, it's a headache. Film goes between color and black and white. The point of it seems to be to give Madonna a chance to make a home movie about herself, and little else. Madonna cusses people out, she insults others, she makes anti-gay jokes to her gay dancers, she pretends to pray for a good show, she rolls around on her mother's grave faking sorrow for the camera even though she has never visited it before, she blows off a childhood friend, screams at her then-beau Warren Beatty, thinks it's funny that her hairdresser was sexually assaulted the night before, does her usual aerobic style routines on stage, and, gasp, bares her breasts for the camera. At the end of this ordeal we just want to tell her to shut up already and get the DVD out of the player. You literally feel exhausted.<br />Warren sums it up with his now-classic line: \\"What point is there in living (if it's off camera)?\\"<br />Go dig up some 80s Madonna, when she only had a large ego instead of the gargantuan one.
1416972242|5.0|The day I got this book I read the entire thing.  It is a fabulos book.  I would recommend it to anyone.  I am still waiting for the next one to be delivered.
B001LJX1PA|3.0|Fine album, but not really inspired.  I know - Mayall is a king, but the album sounded a bit like making product on the assembly line.
B0034JKZ3G|5.0|You don't realize how much you missed old school Disney animation until you are completely mesmerized once again by it!  Don't get me wrong, the new CGI stuff is cool, but this movie is an instant classic.  I felt like a little girl again completely engrossed in \\"The Little Mermaid\\" or \\"Beauty and the Beast\\".  Thank you Disney for this beautiful story, wonderful characters, amazing drawing, and a trip down memory lane!
B0034JKZ86|2.0|This had SUCH great potential for a great movie. The characters were cute, storyline was creative....why did we have to bring satan into it? There was an EXTREMELY scarry scene where the prince makes a \\"blood pact\\" with the devil in order to find true love. They actually show him pricking his finger and FEEDING the blood to a statue. Umm....all I can say is wow. And people are comparing it to the \\"evil\\" in other disney movies. NO WAY. This is actual satanic rituals being played out on a children's movie. I bought it without seeing it first...and now my copy is for sale at Amazon.com. The only reason it gets a 2 out of 5 for me...was because it was the closest thing to a good Disney fairy tale we have had in a long time. Wish we could have left the devil out of it.
0764207407|4.0|Jane Austen's first published novel, Sense and Sensibility, tells a timeless tale of two sisters search for true love and the heartbreaking circumstances they endure along the way. Bethany House's new annotated version of this classic offers readers historical and cultural details about England in the early 1800s, facts about Austen's life, references about films based on the novel, themes of faith, and comments about the novel's characters and plot.<br /><br />Unlike many editions of this novel, Bethany House's version contains a foreword of only two pages and does not give readers a detailed, scholarly analysis of the novel and Austen's life. Instead, this book provides facts and tidbits of information on the pages' margins. I found this edition simple to navigate and many of the notes offered interesting and helpful information to better understand the story. Another unique feature of this version are the scriptural and moral reflections sprinkled throughout the book. The editors often quote verses from Proverbs.<br /><br />I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys Jane Austen classics and does not need a detailed introduction about the story and the author's life.<br /><br />Note: I received a complimentary copy of this book from the publisher for the purpose of reviewing it.
0307387178|5.0|I saw the movie first and just knew I had to read the book. I still have mixed feelings about this guy. I envy his nerve but he was too smart to have been so ill-prepared. Maybe he was a little arrogant and spoiled. I also question why he seemingly wasn't fishing more. I recommend this book, but I am always drawn to non-fiction. I like the way the author adds his own experiences as well as those of other similar characters. It's a very good read.
0805091742|3.0|Since Malcom Gladwell ignited the pop-science boomlet, many authors have climbed aboard pretending to search for the deep hidden principles in everyday activities.<br /><br /> Atul Gawande is different in a way since he brings actual credentials to a part of his task. He is a surgeon.<br /><br /> But ultimately his 193 page self-described manifesto boils down to three points. First, procedures should be distilled into easily comprehended checklists. Second, people should be trained and disciplined, particularly in extreme situations, to rely on these carefully prepared checklists. Finally, members of a team or crew should practice utilizing their respective checklists together.<br /><br /> There you have it. Those are the lessons.<br /><br /> There is nothing to be found directly discussing the issues of how to build an effective checklist. No examples of successful checklists are shown. While checklists for commercial aviation operations and surgery are extensively discussed, there are no illustrations, verbal or graphic, of what these effective checklists look like.<br /><br /> In short, Dr. Gawande is hitchhiking on his New Yorker magazine colleague Malcom Gladwell's success and pretending to bring special  insight into the ordinary, that is the use of checklists.<br /><br /> Not a very satisfying read for me, but others may find Gawande's great discovery that checklists are helpful in surgery interesting, if it wasn't already obvious.<br /><br />Jerry
B002IR3PSC|2.0|I am a long time Tull fan, saw them live in 1976. However, there is no justification for the price to minutes ratio of this DVD. The point of a DVD is having video with the performance, not just random still photos over the music. Of the so-called run time of 95 minutes in the DVD description, only about half is actual live footage. No real complaints about the footage included, except that the video ends abruptly during an extended encore riff on Locomotive Breath. Very unsatisfying.
B00000F14B|5.0|In a timer of worries and woes, keep this DVD handy, play it, sing along, and your troubles, yes, I mean lots ands lots of troubles, will fade away!
0393072231|1.0|I heard Terry Gross interview Michael Lewis on NPR today and instantly grabbed my Kindle to buy The Big Short (Hello W. W. Norton & Company!). Much to my disappointment (and disbelief), it wasn't available for Kindle! I'm one-starring the book (sorry Michael <:) because I won't get to read it as a result of the publisher's choice to make this title available only in an ancient format.    Please W. W. Norton & Company, enter the 21st century: Recognize that we don't live in a world that can afford continued support for 14th century technology (or thinking); make The Big Short available in Kindle format!
0143113100|5.0|The brain can change its own structure and formation through thought and activity. It is called neuroplasticity. The author writes each chapter about someone, either an MD, scientist or a patient, who has made advancements in the field of neuroplasticity.<br /><br />With this plasticity the brain can make changes to reroute impulses to make up for loss of certain normal sensory pathways. People who had alleged hardwire problems learned sensory substitution to re-route \\"messages\\" to achieve the same brain function previously thought impossible to repair. Using brain exercises to strengthen weak areas of the brain, people can access skills whose development was formerly blocked.<br /><br />One MD determined that the brain is polysensory, not the \\"one function one location\\" accepted paradigm.  Of course it took quite a while for his papers to be published by mainstream medicine.  Another study showed that pain is created by the brain and projected into the body.<br /><br />The bottom line is that there is a mind/body/spirit connection that is changing the way neuroscience is treating brain related illness, disease and defects.  Great book!  Plus, for discussing a complex subject, the book is very easy to follow.
B0033AX26I|5.0|Another reviewer has already covered the Mexican-American War, another travesty that has been swept under the rug by the white, conservative, evangelical elitists who run this country and write the history books.  Check out Chavez Ravine-a CD by Ry Cooder and the subject of a fine book by Don Normark-for one more ugly little episode in American History.  One more note on the San Patricios.  The officers who yelled the loudest for the punishment of the deserters deserted en masse fifteen years later when Lincoln threatened to take their slaves.  Now on to the CD and the music.  It stands as a testament to two of the three most vibrant, resiliant, and indestructible groups to ever rise from this tired planet, that being the Irish and the Mexicans, the third group being the Jews from Eastern Europe.  All attempts to eradicate them have failed because they're just too alive to die!  As I said in another review-Citizen Boris by Golem-I strongly suspect that they're all cousins and the music on San Patricio pretty much proves my theory.  For the most part, I can't tell where the Mexican ends and the Irish starts and I'll bet that a good musicologist could hear some Sephardic Jewish in the mix. But that's just background and rhetoric. The music is gloriously alive, be it sad or joyous.  For a couple of standout tracks-given that they all stand out-try Lullaby For The Dead, which is Rip Your Heart Out sad, and El Relampago (The Lightning), a distillation of pure joy.  A note on Lila Downs, who sings on this track.  In SanFran, I would see young Latinas get on BART at 24th and Mission.  Big hips, tight levis, halter tops, long straight black hair hanging down, Aztec cheekbones and hatchet noses, heads thrown back,  those women reeked of arrogance and bad attitude, and strutted through the train like they were proof of God and the power of the Spirit.  It was a sight to make your heart sing.  Lila Downs carries that same magnificent strut in her voice. All in all, this CD isan inspiring collection, especially if you love what is true and honest.  I might also inspire you, as it did me, to look behind the lies perpetrated by rich \\"White\\" America.
9113020730|5.0|The Millennium Trilogy is an incredibly good read - the type you can't put down for any reason - to eat dinner, to go to sleep, to get off the bus... trust me. It's like literary crack cocaine. Totally addictive.<br /><br />In the final part of the trilogy, the cover up of Lisbeth Salander's past knows no bounds - it goes up into the Swedish secret police and beyond, and the powers that be want her locked away for good. Her friend and one-time lover Mikael Blomqvist must do what he does best, which is to ferret out the truth, in order to save her from the fate of her ongoing victimisation.<br /><br />It's been said before that Lisbeth is an original heroine, and it's completely true. She's unique and fascinating and it makes the story unpredictable and enthralling. It's a great read, and one of the best I've had in a long time.<br /><br />For more:(...)
B0036EH3XE|5.0|I have never been addicted to a show as much as I am to LOST.  There is no doubt that I'll get The Final Season, blu-ray or not.  Every time you rewatch an episode, you pick up something that you missed before.  I hate it when the hour comes to an end because I want to see more and more.  The casting is impeccable and everyone does a magnificent job.  I can't wait for Tuesdays (and yes, I have a life) to see how much more will unfold.  As much as I want the answers, I am sorry the to see the series end.  Start watching from Season 1 and you'll be hooked too.
B000QUCPWU|5.0|It seemed to take a while o get to my LA residence but it is a great cd !
1433502410|5.0|Of the several study Bibles I have used, I think this is the best!!    What a blessing!    tommy
0764203886|5.0|Appropriate for children, this book has excitement, history, and christian thinking in the ways of social behavior. Safe for reading , I think a parent should read it first to clear it for their children, but it can be a good novel for children to read.[[ASIN:0141040343 Pride and Prejudice (Penguin Classics)]]
B000WTNCYA|5.0|I haven't run into an album that pulled me in so completely from the first listen in<br />a long time. Her arrangements, not to mention her exquisite voice are without equal in this day and age. I know that she doesn't consider herself a jazz singer but, you could have fooled me. Her melodies are haunting and stick to your ribs. Definitely pick this one up for any occasion.
0393075966|5.0|Generally, Joseph  Stiglitz  does a good,  but tortuous  job, of  dissecting  the problem and puncturing the arguments of the free  market proponents.  The first  third of this book dwells  on the many  factors at play that precipitated the  crises.  Milton Friedman and the 'Chicago Boys', are particularly singled out for their part in creating the intellectual environment that nurtured and fed the  build-up to the crises over the last 30 years or so.  In the end,  it's  clear that special interests,  an unhealthy and incestuous relationship between  Washington  (both  Republican and Democrat) and Wall street, and the  blind  belief  of the right in the ability  of markets  to self  govern and self  correct combined  to create a dangerous  cocktail  that culminated in the  collapse  of the financial system and misery  for  millions  across the  globe. The shocking amounts  of tax payer money both in America and the UK thrown at rescuing the  fat cat investment banks are  contrasted  clearly  by  Stiglitz with  America's  handling  of  the Asian financial crises  of the late  90's and  developing nations at large,  leading  him to  correctly question the fundamental  morality  of  American Free Market Capitalism. His conclusion is damning to say the least.  Throughout the book,  Stiglitz  is at pains to emphasize the impact  of the banking crises on the lives or  ordinary people,  and  how they  will bare the financial burden in the  long run.    I also found this  book very depressing.  Stiglitz outlines the seemingly intractable problems America faces  in the next twenty years  that require serious thought and action.  The depressing  part is that the Right  continues to propose the very  medicine that will make the problems even worse, making the wealthier richer,  and average Joe poorer and ultimately sinking America.   Does  America  have the sense  to see  through the key  issues  of  special interests,  the  rise of the corporate  welfare state,  the decline of the middle class and the issues  of  its corrupted economic and political system?   Stiglitz,  like Robert Reich in 'Super Capitalism',  shows how lobbyists,  at the behest of Wall Street and big business in general, have inveigled their way into the very  fabric of American democracy  to subvert  it  to the cause  of big  business,  and in the process disenfranchising  ordinary Americans, taking from them their chance of a better  life.  The American dream is no more.  It has to be rebuilt.  Period.      The tragedy is, if the warnings in this book are not heeded,  and an enlightened approach to government (read: curbing or outlawing of Government lobbying), economic management (read: capitalism within  a strong and proactive  regulatory regime),  and an end is put to corporate `welfarism',  America  will continue on the path of  long term economic and social  decline.    The last  quarter of the book  discusses in layman's terms the debates raging  within the  economics profession.  It seems that the  Keynesian view of how the economy functions slipped out of  vogue  in the early 70's to be replaced by monetarism which found its expression in the policies of Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher  and ultimately led to where we  find  ourselves as a society now.      In terms of writing  style,  this book is heavy  going,  and could  have  been better organized in my view.   Many Centrists and enlightened  thinkers will no doubt look to  Stiglitz  to provide a moral and intellectual compass with which to  argue their case,  so I feel an opportunity  to present a more structured argument to support them  has been lost because  of the way  this  book is organized.  I also feel Stiglitz should have used more graphs,  tables and illustrations   to make his point.  Having said that,  the reference section at the rear of the book is quite comprehensive,  and for those  inclined,  provides a valuable resource for further research.     An extremely important  book.
0385333846|3.0|I picked this book up for fun one day at my bookstore job. It looked interesting & throughout my life, this was one of Vonnegut's books that everyone's crowed about. I just wish I'd liked it as much as they did.<br /><br />Since there's dozens upon dozens of reviews on here that give the plot synopsis, I won't bother rehashing it here & just give you my opinions.<br /><br />I liked the book for the most part. It just didn't grab me. The idea of the book is fantastic & I can see where it is very well written. Parts of the book did interest me- especially the idea of predestination. Billy accepts that things won't change, so he doesn't really try to change anything. (Well, assuming that he traveled through time at all. It is debatable to some people whether any of the book was real or just a delusion.)<br /><br />If you have to read this for class, don't worry. The book is enjoyable enough. Hopefully you'll even like it more than I did. I liked it enough to finish it & recommend it to my sister (who loved it), but not enough to really re-read it like I do some of my other books. If you don't have to read it for class, I still recommend it. It's an interesting enough book. Just check it out from the library first.
0471267554|4.0|I can only give this 4 stars instead of five due to the fact that Cordain used the term artery clogging saturated fat. Seriously Cordain's reasoning and logic for a paleo diet based on meat, veggies, fruit, and nuts, was rock solid, so I am perplexed as to why he would think that our ancestors would have not eaten the saturated fatty deposits that the wild game animals had. Of course wild game has less intramuscular fat, but it still has ample deposits of saturated fat, and I am confident that our ancestors were not worried about their cholesterol levels or heart disease. There is no way that they would turn down all of those tasty calories.I also don't like how he does not like butter, but thinks it is okay to cook with flax oil.  The main point of the book is to eliminate the neolithic agents of destruction. Those are grains, legumes, dairy, and of course all modern refined processed foods. The book gives a lot of resources to find higher quality meats, and gives some good recipes and plans. Cordain touches on some of the diseases of civilization and how the paleo diet can help. If you know anyone on the Standard American Diet, I would highly recommend them trying the paleo diet to improve their health. With the exception of his stance on animal fat I highly recommend this book.
B0012YYZYK|5.0|This is by far one of the greatest concerts ever captured on film, and it looks and sounds completely amazing on Blu-ray!<br /><br />Let's get the age-old nit-picks that still exist out of the way right now: Yes, the fantasy scenes can get annoying sometimes, but you can easily skip through them (even though the music flows very well with them). Yes, some of the music doesn't sync up with what you see on the screen part of the time, but that's because this concert contains separate footage from 3 shows Zeppelin did at MSG in 73' (they patched the songs together to make it appear that this was all one concert, when in fact you can see the band members wearing different clothes in the footage in different songs). The reason for this: The show originally wasn't released until 1976 (3 years after filming) due to legal struggles the band and their manager (Peter Grant) had with the original director (Joe Massot) regarding possession of the film after Massot was removed from the project. Massot was eventually court ordered to give the film back to the band, but there were visual and audio elements of the show that came up missing (as well as ones poorly recorded because of the camera men's level of intoxication). Therefore, when this show was released (and especially when Jimmy Page remastered it for DVD and Blu-ray release), what you actually see on the screen has both visual and audio elements that are compiled and patched together from the material the band was able to work with.<br /><br />The creation of this concert may sound like it was an exhausting task, but the truth of what is presented as the end product is quite to the contrary. The video quality is top notch to say the least, and the audio is COMPLETELY mind blowing. If at times the audio may not sync up perfectly with the video (aka the opening solo to Since I've Been Loving You) you'll find yourself not even caring because the sound is simply superb (I recommend using the DTS or HD decoding). Every song this night was played much better than the studio version, and in my opinion much better than any of their other live shows captured on film (with the exception of Rock-n-Roll and Whole Lotta Love, I like the ones from Knebworth 79'...another great show). The fantasy scenes are rather weird, but each of them actually plays a solid role in some message the band is attempting to express. An example of such is the opening scene with the faceless mobsters being annihilated by gunmen; gunmen led by Peter Grant. This is representative of the band's feelings toward the faceless British media who constantly degraded them as a worthless band.<br /><br />When all is said and done, just buy this concert. You will not be disappointed, especially if you are a Zeppelin fan. If you already have the DVD and aren't sure if the Blu-ray is worth the cost just for the better picture, trust me when I say it is worth the cost.
0440241901|4.0|I am not going to recap the story. Amazon does that fine. But I just finished this book today and thought I would give you my thoughts. Although a tad predictable occasionally, as are most chick lit, it is entirely yummy, exactly what I hoped for. And at moments I was stunned and rather shocked. Her secrets aren't just secrets. Some are more like revelations to herself. It isn't that Emma is uncomfortable with herself, she just hasn't managed to be the girl she really is inside. Fortunately, she never comes across as annoying. Rather it is endearing and you cheer for her, and then cringe in her most embarrassing moments. (There were moments when I felt myself speeding up my reading to get through Emma's painful moments.)I had a hard time putting this one down. I ended up reading it in 2 days. It played like a movie in my head. My friend makes me create her summer reading lists and this one is going on it! Simply too much fun!
0790731940|5.0|This movie is quite hilarous! From Brett Maverick getting robbed to almost being hanged then almost loosing his money you dont konw what will happen next or what joke he ll crack. If anyone loves comedy then this is a must see!!
B001UREJWM|3.0|I can understand die-hard fans but to my mind reviews starting with \\"this is the best something ever\\" are usually too emotional and exaggerated. I'd say that the album is good enough but not more than that. Yes, it was long awaited. Yes, the voice, the guitar and the sound is still there. But I think it could have been better anyway. At least 4 songs are really good (they're tight, have good melody and riffs) - Fear, Bible Black, Eating The Cannibals and Neverwhere. That's where the energy and power is! The rest are mostly slow (seem to be forced at times) and similar to a certain extent (try listening to the last song of the album and then to the first one). So, the way I see it, the album is a mix of great and casual songs.     And what's with the artwork? It's really unpleasant. I threw the booklet out because of the cover.
B0036JU6CY|5.0|The fight scenes have a wow factor similar to the 300 movie. The story like flowed very well. Some very impossible magical healings took away from the believability factor several times even for a Ninja movie. Still, a very well done movie with some really nice action fight scenes you haven't seen before. I expect we will see more movies from the star actors (young and old) as they had very good on screen presence.
B0035V35PI|4.0|I bought this movie just from seeing the trailer and it was worth it.  The action and fighting scenes were great.  My wife thought it was too gross with the body chopping off and flying everywhere but I enjoyed it.  I haven't seen many ninja films before, mostly kung fu fighting such as Jet Li and Jackie Chan movie but this one is as good.  The star action \\"Rain\\", I only heard of him once, but he sold me on the fighting.  The training for the actor was excellent since I knew he worked hard to make it looked great on film.  Definately recommending this.
B000JRYNXE|5.0|Gwen stefanis music on this cd rocks!! her songs are awesome! if you are a fan this is quite a must have!!
B000002OTL|5.0|Man this guy knows good music.  Every music track on this soundtrack is awesome.  The music in this movie definitely added to making Pulp Fiction the best movie of the 1990's an quite possibly ever!
B00275EGWY|5.0|I love this movie. My favorite scene is the opening scene, but the whole movie leaves you breathless. There were so many times in the movie that I had to put it on pause and walk away because I had so much anxiety and was so stressed out... you never know what's going to happen. I only wish I had seen it in theatres. And this type of movie is very different from the genre I typically watch, my favorite movie up til now has been Juno! The Hurt Locker and Kathryn Bigelow bring back my respect for filmmaking. Excellent job Ms. Bigelow! Props to you!
0151013837|5.0|When I first read it I enjoyed the story so much and found it so interesting that I did not want to put it down. We shared this book with all of our family members, each person passing it on to the next once they finished it. Everyone had a slightly different take on the story and the ending.   I know that there are many extended reviews of the book but I believe it is best to be your own judge. Read a copy for yourself and see what you think. It is short enough to get through quickly and I'm certain that you won't regret wasting your time. The mingling of religions in the spiritual formation of the title character alone provides plenty of food for thought, not to mention the twist to the narrative at the end of the book.    I bought this book as \\"Used\\". It came without delay and I am very satisfied with the condition of this hardback version. I previously owned this book in soft cover.  I wanted to buy a copy to keep in our permanent library and this illustrated version serves the purpose very well.
B000MQC9H4|5.0|I adore this movie! Amanda (Diaz) just broke up with her boyfriend and looking for somewhere to go on her Christmas vacation and luckily she stumbles onto this house in England who in turn Iris (Winslet) is wanting to do the exact same thing founding out that the man she has been in love with just got engaged and didnt love her. So the two women switch lives and Amanda finding how quiant the little cottage that Iris owns is quite cute in turn she finds out that Iris's brother Graham (Law) is cuter. Yet back in Califorina getting used to it all along with meeting some nice neighbors she stumbles upon Miles (Black) who is dating an actress Maggie who in fact ends up breaking his heart but honestly this movie is just a very cute, touching love story from start to finish but you'll have to see the rest of the movie in order to find out what happens.
0811870987|5.0|I love painting birds - it's a passion (not that I'm very good at it).  This book is paradise for anyone wanting to use it as a base for painting a bird and whacking in lots of details.  Gorgeous beautiful book - I'm thrilled with it.  Mr Z is a stunning photographer.  And the price is great too - beats buying it from a bookshop in Australia where it's about $95.
B001B7CNY2|4.0|Aww cummon detractors, it wasnt that bad. Ok a little bit of far fetched \\"coincidences\\" here and there but overall highly entertaining with great quality transfer and great sound. Bubble sounds galore that would make any virtual submariner go ga ga. I have always loved submarine movies, always played their games since a kid in the arcade and on computers much later on. I reckon theres a dedicated following for films like this and Crimson Tide. I love them, I reckon I must have been a submariner in a past life. Never been on a sub but have always had a certain kinship for them. I reckon fans of sub movies know what Im talking about. Perhaps either you have it or you dont. If you dont you might be nit picking and critical but for the fan such as myself and am sure others its always a great thrill. So you gotta ask yourself one question, 'Do you feel a kinship for subs'? If you do just get the flick and enjoy. You wont be dissapointed. Perhaps just for the lack on extras on the Blu Ray copy, there simply isnt any just some gizmo with the menu called U- control.<br /><br />If you found my words helpful at all please vote on it.
0393072231|2.0|Mr.Lewis is now on the down-hill side of his experience.  This book provides nothing new.  He has been away from his source of material too long. Perhaps a trip back to the pits are in order.
B000002A3T|5.0|This being the first Pink Floyd album I bought that lacked Roger Waters, I wasn't expecting a lot. How could Pink Floyd possibly go on without the genius behind Animals and The Wall? However, I was pleasantly surprised! This album helped to show me just how good of a band-leader Gilmour was, and how well the band got on without Waters AND Barrett. Songs like \\"What do you want from me?\\", \\"High Hopes\\", and \\"A Great Day For Freedom\\" are all great songs that feel new but also reminiscent of Pink Floyd's good ol' days of crazy overdubs and beautiful lyrics. A nice sort of \\"Getting back to our roots\\", especially after the dry and Water-dominated \\"The Final Cut\\".I  would HIGHLY recommend this album to any Pink Floyd fan!
0061703257|4.0|i received the book in a timely matter, it came in good condition .<br />excellent service
B002WCLG48|1.0|I was really hopeful and as a typical dumb consumer I was sold by the cover and the game history. Right from the start, experience forewarned me that when I get overbearing music and amateurish simplistic graphics that I'm in for a big disappointment. That was reinforced when I started to hear a never ending, line after line,  high school sophomore level cliche ridden dialogue. Example for a line: \\"The galaxy is vast, it's wonders and beauty are almost unfathomable. But the galaxy also hides dark secrets.\\" Urghhhh! And, the topping on this miserable experience was a lack-of-story. In fact, more like a jumbled, doesn't make sense, lack-of-story. The fact that Microsoft is involved in producing this movie explains part of the problem. Maybe it was put together by their high school game development school.
0812550706|5.0|In the introduction to Ender's game by Orson Scott Card, Card talks about how many years before the book was written he came up with the idea of the \\"Battle room\\" a room for simulated combat. He never came up with a story he could use this idea in, until Ender's Game. Looking back at the book, it is easy to see that the same idea of simulation is used as a metaphor for human nature, war, strategy, and morals.    The book is about Andrew \\"Ender\\" Wiggin. From the start, we learn he is a third. Since the earth has become overpopulated, each family is only allowed to have two children. However, the Wiggin family's two children were both incredibly smart, but both had extreme tendencies. Peter, Ender's older brother, is almost psychopathic, yet calculating and controlling. He is cruel to both animals and his siblings, Ender and Victoria, the middle child. She is incredibly kind, and emotional, almost to the point of weakness. They were both almost sent up to Battle School, a large orbiting spaceship with multiple simulated combat rooms. However, there extreme tendencies kept them out. The government asked the Wiggin family to have another child, to see if he could have the perfect tendencies.    Once Ender is sent to Battle School at the age of 6, he is immediately once again treated as an outcast. He is put under the control of an officer who is rigorous and precise. He is not even allowed to fire his weapon, out of spite. He is eventually moved to another group, where the officer is extremely lax. The book spends most of the time talking about his time in Battle School.   This book has so many different levels. One that I've already touched on is simulation versus reality. Not only does the battle room train the children soldiers, there is a \\"game\\" the students are allowed to play. It is in reality a psychological test. At one point, Ender goes beyond the realm of the game's programming, and enters a virtual universe of his own subconscious. This area is used as an analogy for the rest of the book.    Another theme is the interactions between different family members. While Ender is away, Peter and Victoria start false accounts on the internet that they use to showcase their views. However, their online personas are the opposite of their real selves. Victoria's screen name, Demosthenes, is a raging conservative who will rant and rave about American security. Peter, as Locke, is a calm, cool-headed liberal. They are forced to use each other's advice to write as their online personas.   Another theme we see is that of good and evil; more specifically, the line between the two. The purpose of the Battle School is to train soldiers for the war against the insect-like creatures nicknamed buggers. However, when it comes time to attack the buggers, Ender is stricken with grief, since, in his words, \\"Once I truly understand an enemy, I love them.\\"   A metaphor for this same struggle is found in Peter and Victoria, who are both forced to work against and with each other at once.   This is one of the classics of science fiction literature. It is much more suited towards a teenage audience, but it is by no means simplistic, and can be enjoyed by adults as well. It is not an action-packed thriller, but a thriller nonetheless.  Well written and enjoyable, this book is a must-read for anyone interested in science fiction.
B002VPE1B6|2.0|As it turns out, Fox has craftily decided to milk \\"Avatar\\" for every possibly penny, since the debut DVD/blu-ray will be a bare-bones release -- and it will be one of the first major films to appear in home video without any of the regular special features, such as theatrical trailers, deleted scenes and behind-the-scenes footage.    If you want all the extra features, you'll have to wait until November, when you can buy a second \\"Avatar\\" DVD, currently titled the \\"Ultimate Edition,\\" which will include all of the fancy stuff. And then, if you have really deep pockets, you can come back to the video store next year and buy a third, 3-D, version of the DVD.    So in a nut shell... This Blu-ray/DVD release JUST has the movie on it! NOTHING ELSE. NO EXTRAS, NO TRAILERS, NO SPECIAL FEATURES.
1585673927|4.0|I loved this. It was a book club selection, and we had mixed reviews, but I laughed the whole way through. Many members of my book club felt the video series was even better than the book.
B0035V35PI|5.0|Movie - 4.5    Being born and growing up in the '80s, I had something of a ninja complex. Snakes Eyes and Storm Shadow from G.I. Joe, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, heck, even Super Ninja from Chuck Norris' Karate Kommandos were all inspirations to me. But when we're talking about ninja influences of the '80s, the name that still resonates with most ninja fans today is Sh Kosugi. With almost a dozen movies made in that decade alone, Kosugi could be argued as the perennial iconic figure that helped catapult ninja mythology in the U.S. What most of us associate with ninjas today probably includes something along the lines of shadowy backdrops, a sacred katana or kusarigama (chain and sickle), a boatload of shurikens, termination by stealth, and some form of ninjutsu magic, which is essentially what we got from the ninja boom of the '80s. I, for one, found myself watching American Ninja, Revenge of the Ninja, and Ninja III: The Domination more times than I can remember. But why? It was never about the plot, of course, but the fascinating and extraordinary world of ninja lore. Put that concept together with an actual Hollywood budget, the director of V for Vendetta, production by the creators of The Matrix, and even star the legendary Kosugi himself as the villain, and, aesthetically, you may have the best-looking ninja flick to date. Simple story aside, what the film excels at is brutal violence, some dazzling acrobatics, a mesmerizing mysticism, and a propensity for blood-spatter. Performing in his first major role, Rain does an excellent job portraying and conveying the relentlessness and grit of his character, while Kosugi plays the \\"Boss\\" character with wicked aptitude and a type of vigor that many will reminisce of from his glory days. If anything, my only complaint would be that movie ended before I knew it.    Video - 4.5    Presented by Warner Bros. in 1080p using the VC-1 codec at an original aspect ratio of 2.39:1, Ninja Assassin looks quite good. Black levels, the most important factor and dominant color within the photography, are dead-on. I saw the movie twice in theaters and admit having trouble actually watching a good majority of the ninja action within the darkness. But here on Blu-ray, I have absolutely no problem. Shadow delineation is flawless, resulting in zero loss of quality and allowing me to not miss a single beat of the choreography outside of a few fast camera cuts. Colors range from lush to vibrant, though remain predominantly red when copious amounts of blood fly all over the screen. Flesh tones are very accurate for the most part as well and never feel over-saturated be it a day or night time scene. Details and textures are sharp, revealing a great amount of depth and dimensionality. The only problem I have is with one instance of distracting contrast in the scene where Raizo cuts Ozunu's face. It's as if they're on two completely different planes, but it may just be a result of the special effects sequence. I think I also spotted a few specs of debris here and there. Other than those minor quibbles, though, this is easily reference material if you're wanting to showcase the color black.    Audio - 5.0    While the video presentation may be slightly debatable, the audio presentation is not. The DTS-HD 5.1 track for Ninja Assassin is a ninja fan's dream come true. High/low ends have no discrepancies, easily differentiating between heavy and light sounds. Directionality becomes extremely engaging when the shurikens start flying, blades start clanging, and chains start rattling from all directions, which are doubly complimented by the dynamic range of the LFE levels. Thumps, thuds, and bumps have all kinds of subtleties between the sound of music, bodies hitting the floor, and shurikens managing to clunk themselves into either a wall, a chunk of wood, or human flesh. Gunfire from automatic rifles and machine guns also emanate a good deal of bass. Dialogue is clear-cut and never suffers from any dropout or volume anomalies, and the track shows some particularly good examples of immersion when all the ninja voices start talking in unison. Definitely use this title to showcase your surround systems.    Extras 4.0    Although the extras clock in at just under 40 minutes, I actually found all of it to be quite informative and entertaining. The first feature, \\"The Myth and Legend of Ninjas,\\" is a discussion about their origins and evolved perception over the years. It's relatively short, but actually very interesting to hear about how the legacy has progressed from something so sacred into more of a sideshow these days. They basically give you a brief history lesson of the ninja, talk about their original purposes, display some of the weapons, and talk about ninjutsu as an overall martial philosophy. The second feature, \\"The Extreme Sport of a Ninja,\\" is another quick, although deceptively detailed, look at how they incorporated Parkour and a lot of other athletic disciplines into the stunt coordination and fight choreography, which really raised my appreciation for the filming process. And the final feature, \\"Training Rain,\\" is a surprising transformation of the Korean pop star's status from boy band-member to buffed-out stuntman. Yes, this proves that with a lot of grueling work, buff Asian guys can exist. The package also comes with a convenient DVD/Digital Copy disc that may prove useful for lending and traveling situations. The only other thing I wish they had that might've bumped the extras to a 4.5 or 5.0 is the inclusion of a Maximum Movie Mode. But oh well, it's still a good set.    Overall - 4.5    Ninja Assassin is an escapist fantasy world that's really bloody, but a lot of fun at the same time. Action, and especially ninja, fans should rejoice for this newest entry into, what seems, a long and forgotten genre that somehow got lost in the black sands of time. The plot for these films certainly aren't anything to write home about, but that was never the point anyway. It's about the atmosphere. In modern times, ninjas have always been about style, fluidity, grace, and yet this cold, fearsome paranoia that if I ever were to be targeted by one, I'd most likely die a terrible and blood-soaked death, which this movie exudes to a great degree. With near-reference video, a guaranteed pleaser for the ears, and a surprisingly entertaining set of extras, Ninja Assassin comes highly recommended.
0307712508|3.0|I enjoyed that parallel stories of the Lacks family and the scientific issues. Both stories are well written and enlightening. She explains the scientific concepts in terms a lay person can understand. \\"Appalling\\" was a term that came to mind throughout the book. There was appalling treatment of the African Americans by bigotted whites and appalling studies conducted on unaware patients by god-playing doctors. I learned as much about racism in America as I did about science. On the downside, the book dragged in the middle. It would have benefitted from tighter editing. I got tired of the Lacks family whining, chapter after chapter. Skloot closes the book by highlighting some significant bioethical issues still pending in the court system.
B002WDL534|3.0|I love this album, and got it on vinyl as a sort of goof.  So I wasn't terribly upset, or surprised to hear the poor music quality.  The record arrived in a ripped plastic case, and the last track already had a skip on it.  The picture vinyl itself looks good, but ultimately, for the goal of listening to the music, it is poor.
B002GY9F9K|5.0|It took me a few random airings on TV to get into this series but its cinematography is absolutely stunning for a TV series.  Its not too often that you find a series like this.
0307463745|4.0|I enjoyed this read a lot. It reminded me of Alan Webber's \\"Rule's of Thumb\\" and any Seth book...packed with content and straight to the point. This book had me laughing more than usual too!  Well worth the few bucks.   Cheers
B001EO2UKO|5.0|I am giving this cd 5 stars, I bought it on the day it came out.<br />I gave it a listen, I thought eh.<br />Listened to it a couple more times and thought eh again.<br />Didn't listen to it for a while.<br />Listened to it a few more times this week and I thought wow.<br />If you really listen to it and pay attention you can tell she really put a lot of thought and work into each one of the songs on the cd.<br />There are a some little things that are really cool like the breathing during a flute solo. Other folks might have just run it through an editor or used a synthesizer, but I think it really adds to the song.
B0030Y11O2|4.0|i have to say that mr. moore has his hand on the pulse of the american experience.  the system throws you a bone, entices you with a job and a mortgage so that you are indebted to the system your entire life and should you be unfortunate enough to fall on hard times,  oh well.  the politicians, ALL OF THEM,  don't represent the interests of the people,  only there own select fraternity who are financially loyal to each other.  those idiots with tea bags on there heads think they can change things. nothing will ever change until THE PEOPLE across this nation either go on a general strike and shut the country down or stage a french style revolution and go to the homes of Paulsen,  Cheney, limbaugh and the like with burning torches.  that would get there attention.  by the way,  this is a great film which should be shown in every school in america,  fat chance.
0061537969|5.0|What a charming story!  Actually three stories in one: the world according to Enzo, the challenges and delights of racing cars, and the story of one man who is trying, against all odds, to keep his family together.  Before picking up this book I had struggled with Brown's \\"Lost Symbol\\" and this book reinstated my belief that reading is a wonderful pasttime.   Both the dog and his owner are admirable characters.  The book celebrates the good in humans - the compassion, the caring, the love for fellow creatures and at the same time has its humorous angles, its sad aspects and its downright unpardonable situations.  The ending \\"a l'Italiano' was like an extra dollop of whipped cream on an already delicious cake.  A very enjoyable read and I will have to check out the other two books GS has already written.  Bark twice if you too would give this book top rating.
1905236042|4.0|Great option for yoga demonstrations with kids.  Fun names and ideas to share, too.
0385504225|2.0|So many reviews have already been written about this xxxp so I'll keep it short.  Brown's books are starting to become formulaic.  Let me guess - the next one will be set in some capital in the world.  It will involve  some sort of powerful, secret society.  The main characters will be a dad and his \\"vanished\\" son.  The son will exude intense but somewhat irrational hatred towards the dad and this might be seen in a chopped-off hand (what's with the father-son hatred?  Demons and Angels already addressed this issue.  Perhaps something personal for the author?)  Medically a large part of the action will be entirely unrealistic.  From a human behaviour point of view, the actions of certain characters will be entirely implausible.  The son in Lost Symbol would have to have been a serial killer to delight in torturing his aunt the way he did.  Totally senseless.  The next DB book will contain minute descriptions of some enormous cavernous underground structure (this seems to be a fav for Mr. Brown).  Any reader can add the rest of the story....  \\"Lost Symbol\\" was vulgar, improbable, unpleasant, simplistic, ridiculous, tedious.  I gave it 2 stars rather than one for all those readers who get excited by a little bit of symbolism and who love word plays.  Don't waste your time.
1591843162|5.0|Helps you realize that every person is responsible for their actions.  It is up to each of us to control our own destiny.
0446569895|4.0|First of all, Chris Ayres does a good job here of taking Ozzy's often obviously-incoherent thoughts and turning them into something readable.  Aside from his ADD thought patterns, Ozzy readily admits that due to his severe alcoholism and drug abuse, he can't remember much of anything from the past sixty years of his own life.  That would be where Ayres would rely on, say, Sharon, to fill in Ozzy's many blanks.  But the stories that Ozzy does seem to recall on his own are HILARIOUS. Motley Crue fans, however, will be let down by the paltry anecdotes, despite the fact that they toured together.  Sure, that was a really long time ago, but I bet even Motley can't recall much from that tour, so what should we expect, really?  Apparently, *everyone* was too high and drunk to recall.    Above all, I wanted more of SHARON in this book. I would have loved it if they had taken alternating chapters - Ozzy's chapter is laid out, then Sharon would come in with her own chapter, detailing \\"WELL NOW HERE'S HOW ALL OF THAT REALLY WENT DOWN.\\"  Sharon has gotten a bad rep in the past, but 1)she could care less (I love her!), and 2)it is undeserved, as 3)she has always worked in Ozzy's best interest.  The love between them is obvious, as even her sociopath father did everything he could to break up this couple, who are obvious soul mates.  Ozzy does not articulate the \\"soulmate\\" factor, but the bond between them is obvious to me.  And so again, I would love to hear more from Sharon.  Hopefully she will write her own book, title it \\"Life with Ozzy.\\"       There's enough here to keep music fans happy - stuff about Sabbath and the many musicians Ozzy used for his own band, Randy Rhoads, the bat, the Suicide Solution lawsuit, The Osbournes MTV show, etc.  I debate whether the book should be longer and include more detail.  On one hand, it's long enough as it is, on the other hand, I would have appreciated a bit more about his relationships with his children, other than \\"I was a bad alcoholic father.\\"    Overall, highly readable, page-turning, and really funny in spots.
0671015206|5.0|The Millionaire Next Door is an essential read for anyone.  However, reading some of the Reviews -- both good and bad -- tend to miscategorize it as a \\"how to\\" book.  It is not.  It is research, and research done well.    The authors are market researchers who, upon working on an assignment to conduct a focus group of male millionaires, are surprised when the men walking into the room for the study aren't wearing $1,000 Italian suits but instead are wearing jeans and are looking for the beer instead of the wine they are being served.  The men were not what the authors expected to interview that evening -- those living in big houses, driving nice cars, taking extravagant trips, etc.     So, they asked a few simple questions:  who are typical millionaires (what do they do, where did they come from, and what are their habits) and in short, how did they get to be millionaires?  The research they conduct answers these questions in great detail.  Unlike several of the reviews of this book, it does not tell you how to get rich or what to invest in.  While it could give you insight on what you can do if you want to become wealthy, the true insight is that it blows perception of what we consider to be wealthy people in our society.  For example, it focuses on doctors and lawyers as typical perception: when you see one of these professionals driving in a nice foreign car, you think that they are wealthy.  While that could be the case, it may be more likely that the person is up to his or her eyeballs in debt -- just because they have a lot, may not mean they actually have a lot.    So, the book explores these people and their lives unlike any other. I believe that this book is essential reading.  I even give copies of it to young people I know.
0307271862|4.0|Henning Mankell is superb as an author of police procedural mysteries, set in the area of Southern Sweden that he knows best, and peopled with three-dimensional characters that are complex and believable, such as his now-famous detective Kurt Wallander. The sleuth in this stand-alone novel, however, is not a policeman but a middle-aged judge from another jurisdiction, named Birgitta Roslin. Hearing news reports of a horrific murder at the other side of the country, in which nearly all the elderly inhabitants of an isolated village are found slain, Roslin realizes that she may be connected to some of the victims, and so contacts the local police. They are polite but dismissive, so she finds herself exploring some possibilities on her own, endangering her health, her marriage, and her life in the process. All those parts of the book that take place in Sweden or Denmark show Mankell at his very finest, richly detailed, atmospheric, and humanly perceptive.<br /><br />Sweden is a relatively small country; Mankell is a world citizen, living part of the year in Mozambique. He has often gone out of his way to counteract the perception of provincial isolation. Some of the Wallander series, such as [[ASIN:1400031532 FIREWALL]], relate to crimes that go beyond the country's borders, and this latest book emphasizes the internationalism of the new Sweden; the walk-on players include recent immigrants from Russia, Bosnia, and Vietnam. Quite early on in the book, he breaks off the investigation to tell a story from 150 years before, of a Chinese peasant named San, abducted as a slave to work on the transcontinental railroad in America. Then the action jumps forward to 2006 to one of San's descendants, a billionaire named Ya Ru, the Man from Beijing of the title. From then on, the action zigzags to and fro between Europe, Asia, and Africa, becoming more like a political thriller and less and less like a mystery. Indeed, the whodunnit aspect becomes obvious well before the half-way mark in the book.<br /><br />There are many problems here. Mankell is superb on his home turf, but writes noticeably less well the further he gets away in space or time. The horrifying ordeals of San in the 1860s are factually interesting, but the writing is too telegraphic, covering the ground but not digging into any depth. The scenes in modern China are better, but they do not carry the conviction of the Swedish ones. More seriously, Mankell does not seem to have decided whether he is writing a mystery, an historical novel, or a political treatise. The connection between the 19th-century story and the village bloodbath is simultaneously obvious and hard to credit. But the book gradually has more to do with politics on a grand scale; one chapter even describes a five-hour lecture on the future of communism, economic expansion, and the class struggle in modern China. Interesting and timely subjects, no doubt, but they take us away from what Mankell does best of all, and that is a pity. [3.5 stars]the book.    There are many problems here. Mankell is superb on his home turf, but writes noticeably less well the further he gets away in space or time. The horrifying ordeals of San in the 1860s are factually interesting, but the writing is too telegraphic, covering the ground but not digging into any depth. The scenes in modern China are better, but they do not carry the conviction of the Swedish ones. More seriously, Mankell does not seem to have decided whether he is writing a mystery, an historical novel, or a political treatise. The connection between the 19th-century story and the village bloodbath is simultaneously obvious and hard to credit. But the book gradually has more to do with politics on a grand scale; one chapter even describes a five-hour lecture on the future of communism, economic expansion, and the class struggle in modern China. Interesting and timely subjects, no doubt, but they take us away from what Mankell does best of all, and that is a pity. [3.5 stars]
1435106342|5.0|its a classic
B001RTSPVY|5.0|This is an absorbing and educational TV series.  I like the compelling way Chemistry was expounded in the classroom: not in the boring way it was inflicted on us.  It will certainly stimulate interest in Chemistry, and I will certainly not judge the useful and profitable application of chemistry as I go along with all the 5 star reviews of the plot.<br /><br />Using methylamine instead of flu medicines was ingenious.  I cannot wait to find out how manufacturing will continue when that barrel of methylamine gets used up.  I am glad the lung cancer regressed by 80% so that many more seasons can be possible.  The doctors cannot take credit for the beneficial effects of the self-administered \\"supplementary treatment\\".<br /><br />There is a a legally prescribed pharmaceutical derivative of dTHC (MJ's active ingredient) which does not make the user \\"high\\", and is used to stop vomiting in chemotherapy and increase survival rates. I have sometimes wondered why big Pharma bothered to invent this product when the real deal is superior. Being \\"high\\" when the patient is retching away after chemotherapy may be morally reprehensible, but putting morals aside, the natural version works better.  I have blown locks before with thermite in my younger days, so I can tell from experience that the thermite in season One resembled and represented one of superior professional quality and exquisitely made.  Hint: inserting some thermite into the keyhole as well reduces the amount of thermite necessary, and is quieter, although it will not look as dramatic on TV.<br /><br />I have watched episodes in both seasons so many times I have come to notice that \\"Ch\\" highlighted with green in the name Michael in the opening credits of each episode is not a chemical element.  \\"I\\" for iodine could have been used instead in mIchael.  Element 105 Hahnium (Ha) in mic\\"Ha\\"el is another alternative, so why \\"Ch\\".<br /><br />Using chemical symbols \\"Br\\" (Bromine) and \\"Ba\\" (Barium) in the title Breaking Bad was innovative.<br /><br />Other elements embedded into actors' names include:<br />N (nitrogen)<br />O (oxygen)<br />S (sulphur) and these are the easy ones.<br /><br />Mo is molybdenum, Es for einsteinium, Re for Rhenium.  We have W for tungsten, V for vanadium, Ar for Argon, Te for tellurium, Po for polonium and so on.<br /><br />I am still wondering what \\"Ch\\" stands for.  If it is a newly discovered element, it was not by me, and I would certainly want to know what it is.elements embedded into actors' names include:  N (nitrogen)  O (oxygen)  S (sulphur) and these are the easy ones.      Mo is molybdenum, Es for einsteinium, Re for Rhenium.  We have W for tungsten, V for vanadium, Ar for Argon, Te for tellurium, Po for polonium and so on.    I am still wondering what \\"Ch\\" stands for.  If it is a newly discovered element, it was not by me, and I would certainly want to know what it is.
B000089RVX|3.0|The product and packaging were good enough that I'll keep them, but they weren't great.  The product itself, described as new and shrink wrapped, didn't look new to me.  There were minor scratches on the jewel case, and minor scratches and streaks on the disc.  The shrink wrap didn't look original, and there was dust under it.  There were no functional problems with any of it though.  The packaging was difficult to open and the packing slip was not neatly cut.  Large portions of the text on it were even cut off.  So for the discounted price of $5.74, this was an okay deal, but I felt the product condition was not accurately described, and it wouldn't have been that hard to package it better.
B002UNMW7O|4.0|I'll keep it short and sweet:    Great humour. Great fight scenes. GREAT to see the boys again!!    There were some minor things that didn't impress me.. But on the whole, I very much enjoyed this movie.
0307463745|5.0|What's great about this book:  It's a quick 280 page read. Lots of breaks in the text in a way you can stop and come back. In fact, it's written a lot like a series of blog posts; easy to digest.    Limiting Factors:  The tone right off of the bat is \\"we've got it right.\\" There is some stimulating talk about why some conventional wisdom isn't really as solid as we're led to believe.    The downside is you might take that advice to the other extreme. Maybe that's okay, but then again not all meetings are pure evil...    Great Quotes:  Good enough is fine  The real world isn't a place, it's an excuse  Build half a product, not a half-assed product    Recommendations:  This was a great read. If you're a fan of books that give you a new way to think, then you'll enjoy this one.    Read my complete review at [...]
B001KVZ6G6|2.0|When I bought this Blu-rey DVD combo, I thought I would have the same options on both discs.  Apparently, the Blu-ray version contains all the options (different audio tracks) but the DVD version does not.  This was not clear in the Amazon description.  If you buy the DVD version alone, it does provide the different language audio tracks.  I don't understand why that is not the case for the combo...just be forewarned.
B002RVZV9K|5.0|For anyone who has a passion for the guitar in Rock music, this is as sweet a story as you might ever want.  In particular, though, since I have heard of the great works of Edge and Jimmy Page, I was refreshed to see the intense lifeblood of music in Jack White.  I'm from the old school of Rock so perhaps I am jaded but I had not seen anyone of particular talent or inspiration until I saw Jack White on this DVD.  My faith in Rock music, even in music itself, was rewarded in the talents of this man.  I already know how talented Jimmy Paige is and Edge, yada yada yada BUT I saw something so new included into the mix, which made for a new Rock Music paradigm altogether for me.  When people leave out the likes of Stanley Jordan in their lists of best guitarists it usually just pisses me off.  Now I know that they must not leave out Jack White.  This dvd was so thoroughly entertaining that I really look forward to watching it time and time again, if only to see the instrument Jack White builds to make music.
B0034JKZ3G|5.0|Saw this at the theatre and wasn't that impressed, it was very grainy and the sound wasn't that good. I watched it last night on my blu-ray/Bose and the colors brought the story to life, the audio is excellent and those factors made the movie more enjoyable to me. Worth a watch.
B002XMGGK6|4.0|Law Abiding Citizen kept me watching from beginning to end and that always rates above average for me. The movie begins with an engineer named Clyde Shelton (played by Gerard Butler), at home with his wife and little daughter, when the family is attacked by two home invaders, who go beyond robbing and rape into murder. Clyde survives even after being stabbed, but his wife and little daughter do not. When Philadelphia prosecutor Nicholas Rice (played by Jamie Foxx) fails to put both the home invaders away, due to the one turning evidence against the other to get off, this is when Clyde can't mentally deal with the way the legal system works.<br /><br />Ten years go by and then interesting things start to happen. It seems as if Clyde has had plenty of time to figure out how he will get back at the murderer who got off. Clyde gets his revenge, and admits to the murder to Rice. Clyde is then sent off to prison, but more murders keep happening to anyone who was involved in court the day of the trial for the murders of Shelton's family. This is when the movie starts to move quickly and keeps you wondering how this revenge can be orchestrated with the main suspect behind bars.<br /><br />I am a huge fan of great Hitchcock suspense action films and I always like John Wayne and Clint Eastwood type vengeance. Bad people getting it is always a good ending, and in true Hitchcock fashion, never quite knowing who will get it next or how they'll get it, really keeps you watching. Law Abiding citizen has a touch of both, only in a 4 Star movie fashion. If I could change one thing, I would have had a slightly different ending that kept me wondering, like I did throughout the whole movie. The ending kept it at a just above average 4 Star movie, which is still definitely worth watching!
044656740X|5.0|I think that this should be required reading material in school, everyone should read this.
0061438294|5.0|Great book. Clearly written, well-organized, and even entertaining in parts. Written by an author that knows his subject cold, backs up his claims with published studies, and is clear about the limits of his knowledge.<br /><br />At the same time I bought this book, I also bought \\"The Definitive Book of Body Language\\". This one is much better, for a few reasons: the author's expertise, the level of organization, the use of photos actual people displaying body language (not amateurish drawings), and the rigorous citing of actual studies on the topic of body language.
B001MEJY8W|3.0|There's nothing much that I can add that hasn't already been covered here. However, I feel compelled to call MARTYRS what it is: more than 90 minutes of sadistic barbarism, simply for it's own sake. While I caved in to my own morbid curiosity, I am stunned by the number of glowing reviews that go, \\"Wow, that was so uncomfortable and disturbing, it must be visionary and thought-provoking!\\" Give us a break--you're trying to find meaning where none exists. If you want to be shocked and disgusted, MARTYRS delivers. However, don't expect to be entertained, nor have your intellect challenged. I wouldn't go so far as so say that this movie glorifies violence, even though the violence is brutally realistic (i.e. REQUIEM FOR A DREAM, where the drug use that is depicted should make anyone think twice before sticking a needle in their arm). I just get the impression that directors of scary movies are now out to one-up each other. MARTYRS is in a class of it's own, and it has haunted me enough to write this, but despite my rating I can't recommend it to anyone.
0385523904|5.0|This book took me on a journey to a place that I never imagined could exist.  I was instantly captivated by the stories of each defector and I've gained a great understanding of the outrageous circumstances these people endured. This book is fascinating and provides such important and topical information that it is a must read for everyone, even teenagers!
B0034JGBM0|4.0|Approximately 59 minutes in length.  The sound is very good,especially for a live recording.  All the tracks are from a 2007 tour of Canada.  The booklet has several atmospheric b&w and color photos of the band,audience,and related subjects.  There's a DVD that's also for sale of this event,sold separately.<br /><br />For fans of THE WHITE STRIPES,especially the intensity of the first few albums,this will be of great interest.  This is the band,stripped bare to it's core elements of Jack and Meg,doing what they do best-Meg pounding out a primal,visceral beat,along with Jack's in-you-face distorted acoustic and electric guitar (along with keyboards and other instruments in places) in all it's glory.  His vocals are a throwback to the group's formative years-very intense and immediate.  The intensity of the live tracks on the earlier released \\"Walking With A Ghost\\",are only a hint of this set's power.<br /><br />As an example,the first two tracks set the stage (no pun intended),and are pure WHITE STRIPES-these two tracks grab hold of you and don't let go,and are a glimpse of whats in store.  Track three has Jack playing acoustic,but playing for all it's worth,with some great vocals.  Then it's back to the fired-up sound they are known for.  The tracks vary from there,from his trademark distorted electric guitar,to his intense acoustic sound,which help with the pacing,and add interest  This concert series was an attempt to get back to what they originally became known for.  Most (if not all) the venues were small,out of the way stops,and often times the group was unknown to the residents.  This fact pushed the band to focus on what they do best,no frills-straight-ahead-rock. Tracks range from all through the band's albums,and all are given a no holds barred treatment.<br /><br />From \\"Blue Orchid\\",to \\"Jolene\\",to \\"Seven Nation Army\\",through\\"Icky Thump\\",to other familiar (and not so familiar) tracks,this is a good example of THE WHITE STRIPES in all their glory-out to prove to an audience,that's not familiar with them,just what they're famous for doing in a live setting. The power that's only hinted at on several of these studio tracks,is unleashed in a loud,in-your-face-assault.  At times,the sound,the excitement,is so immediate,that you feel you can reach out and almost touch it-such is the intensity of these performances.  The only thing I don't like is the audience \\"participation\\"-there's to much of it,and intrudes on the performances.  This is one of those albums that has to be played loud in order to get the full effect of what this two-person band is capable of.  And with two musicians,who know how to play their instruments to maximum effect,and who want to prove themselves (again) for listeners-this is the real-deal.  Be prepared to be knocked back by their intensity,as they take each tune and make it their own (again),and re-define not only their own songs,but rock music itself.  This is honest music-the likes of which we don't get to experience to much today.t's not familiar with them,just what they're famous for doing in a live setting. The power that's only hinted at on several of these studio tracks,is unleashed in a loud,in-your-face-assault.  At times,the sound,the excitement,is so immediate,that you feel you can reach out and almost touch it-such is the intensity of these performances.  The only thing I don't like is the audience \\"participation\\"-there's to much of it,and intrudes on the performances.  This is one of those albums that has to be played loud in order to get the full effect of what this two-person band is capable of.  And with two musicians,who know how to play their instruments to maximum effect,and who want to prove themselves (again) for listeners-this is the real-deal.  Be prepared to be knocked back by their intensity,as they take each tune and make it their own (again),and re-define not only their own songs,but rock music itself.  This is honest music-the likes of which we don't get to experience to much today.
0446560065|5.0|I really enjoyed. I can't stop laughing. In some situations Simon's cat reminds me to my 4 cats. Nice job!.    A nice book for any cat lover.
B000FA5TTW|2.0|What started out as a page turner ended up just being boring. Dont be fooled there is no way this book should be rated 4 stars
B0034JKZ3G|5.0|Pure Disney warmth and charm with very strong contemporary themes throughout. How this gem only grossed under half of what that dreadful Chipmunk sequel did last winter I have no idea, but its to our under shame for sure. Warning though you must come with a sense of logic and rational thought process and not live in superstition as this film tries to up the standards of animation storytelling it also cant necessarily be aimed at all 1-4 year olds. I grew up watching Disney and my most favorite film was the very dark Sleeping Beauty and very eerie Maleficent who was symbolic of her dark magic. Sure it scared me as a kid but I had rationale parents that knew how to intelligently understand that its pure fantasy and relay that. There was no real witchcraft in 16th century salem or anytime on this planet. Its very sad to see how much we are regressing, depriving and sheltering our child so much that folks are giving one star to this because it uses voodoo. It reminds me of all those sad people that had issues with Harry Potter. Its New Orleans, Disney movies always have magic and darkness and Voodoo totally and completely makes sense here. By gosh Bambi scared me as child, as did Rescuers and The Great Mouse Detective. And that's perfectly fine, I came out okay. I dare argue most of us spend the rest of our lives trying to find movies that will scare us again like that and give a response for just one night. Enjoy this film, it could very well be the last hand drawn disney film outside Pooh bear we ever see. If not I surely hope we respect the art better next time.
B003AYZBGQ|5.0|I am a Dutch Kindle owner and downloaded the book yesterday. I do not understand the negative feedback from kindle owners.     With 13 % to go I have almost finished the book in less than 24 hrs. It says it all.    Its a well written book that nicely illustrates some (eternal) aspects of man and money:  - greed blinds  - the stress of (keep) swimming against the current  - what winning and loosing (big time) does to people and organisations  - regulators and rating agencies do not attract the best people and will therefore always lag behind  - Wall Street is for 99% similar to a flock of sheep    Happy reading!
B00337KM2S|5.0|Is Clooney playing himself?...As with all of his other movies, I saw no variation in his acting whatsoever. Perhaps that's why this invariant thespian, with women-certified charm, stands out as one of the leading men of Hollywood. But the screenplay that is Up In The Air is clever, witty, and refreshing to remind the rest of us men what the purpose of life is: to propagate DNA, and ride the ripples we procreate with all their ups and downs.
1400063515|4.0|Amazing book that has some great views on the world. The book is kind of depressing if you have invested your life into finance or economics. But if you think about some of the ideas that he has, you will look at the business world in a much more different light.     Bad parts: LOTS of references to obscure and dead sociologists. It's OK if he tells what their idea was and explains it, but often he just says a name or a book and assumes that you have read it or heard of the person.    Overall the book is a must read for any economics, finance, psychology or business person. There are some parts that can be skipped over if boring, but at the heart of it, the book will change how you look at life.
B001LXIDVS|4.0|These movies are funny. I had forgotten though how much language is used in them.  I wish they would make movies without the language. Not everyone in the world wants to hear it. Other than that I like the moveis.
B000F1IQNM|4.0|It's a funny and interesting film for the kids. Maybe it's not the best film ever, but it could maintain the interest in the screen along the entire movie, and it's remarkable. The performance of the actors are marvelous, specially Ms. Emma Thompson, I love her !!! Other high points are the soundtrack, the costumes, many funny situations in the argument...    I recommend it.
0393072231|1.0|Why is the publisher being so greedy as to not release a version for the Kindle? This book gets 1 star from me because I can't even read it. Amazon needs to make a new rule that all new releases require a Kindle version or they shouldn't sell it.
B000PMGS8G|4.0|If you want to purchase this film, you must to consider that It's was made about 25 years ago. You will not see digital effects, nor sound 7.1, but it's a must-have film for the 80's generation. The soundtrack (Queen) is the best !!! The costumes are very expensive and beautiful...and, of course, the performance of the actors (except Flash) are ok.    You will pass a nice time watching this movie.
B002S0OBN2|1.0|Boring. Boring. Boring. I am convinced that if this music had been written by anyone other than Andrew Lloyd Webber it would have gone largely unnoticed. It is, save for a couple of songs, uninteresting and uninspired. Absolutely nothing stuck in my mind the way that so many of the songs from Phantom immediately did on my very first listen. I am a great fan of Webber's music generally, and absolutely adore both the Phantom and Song & Dance, but this stuff is incredibly disappointing. I feel Webber is now simply trying to cash in on PAST glories rather than coming up with something that is both fresh and good. Don't waste your money. You will definitely do so if you purchase this CD.
B002RVZV9K|5.0|If you're a fan of Blues, Pop, and Rock guitar,you can't go wrong.  This DVD is for you... GUITARS, GUITARS, GUITARS!!!! Yeah, Baby!    -Fred Puaatuua
B00328G4XY|4.0|THE VERSION THAT CAME OUT IN 1997 WAS MASTERED BY JOE GASTWIRT  THIS VERSION LISTS EDDIE KRAMER AND MARINO,  NO QUESTION COMPARING THE 2 ,THIS IS  A BRIGHTER - CLEANER VERSION
B000GCFO0I|4.0|The silent Hill game series is a personal favorite of mine, with the second being my favorite game of all time. When I saw this movie I mostly expected it to be a dud much like other game adaptations, but I walked away fairly impressed. Fans of the series will right away realize that the entire soundtrack of the film is lifted directly from the games. That alone did a wonderful job of immersing me in this film, and there are other such touches from the series that fans will appreciate such as the inclusion of certain scenes, lines, and moments taken from the games (I won't spoil them here.)  There are only a couple of \\"cringe\\" moments (I'm referring to those \\"holy hell that was so corny\\" moments.) The overall story is fairly simple and not really anything to write home about, but it gets the job done. I'm a big stickler when it comes to story but this adaptation gets so many things right that I let it pass. The monsters and atmosphere are fantastic.  One other thing I should not is that this is not for the squeamish: there is heavy violence and gore abound. If that doesn't bother you, and you enjoy the game series, I fully recommend this.    Also of note is that there are several very interesting behind-the-scenes documentaries. Anyone wondering about the creation of the monsters (and costumes) should give them a go.
B001W63DXC|4.0|The soundtrack to the Flight 666 documentary is Iron Maiden's 9th official live album(count them: Live After Death, A Real Live One, A Real Dead One, Live At Donnington,  Rock In Rio, BBC Archives, Beast Over Hammersmith, Death On The Road, that's 8). It was recorded like the documentary during Iron Maiden's Somewhere Back In Time world tour of 2008-2009, all the songs here are from February to March 2008 from different cities and countries. Okay I know that the band has probably far more live albums then would be necessary and that we don't need more of them, but this one is really good. The band sound excellent for one and this particular live album is not like \\"Death On The Road\\"(unnecessary) and \\"Rock In Rio\\" (which was great) where the band performs songs from the last album with classics, this one as did the tour, focuses only on the classic material. In fact the most recent song on Flight 666 is \\"Fear of the Dark\\"!<br /><br />The band decided on this tour to play only the classics for fans who have never seen some of these live, this means no songs from any of the Blaze or the reunion albums. Yes I know, there have been too much live albums by Maiden but this one is great and better than you would expect. I like how the songs here are all classics and those 17 songs represent what I think is the best of the classic songs on 2 discs. They played some stuff I didn't expect them to like Wasted Years, Revelations, Moonchild, The Clairvoyant, Heaven Can Wait and Rime of the Ancient Mariner especially. I decided to pick this up along with the documentary of the same name (wonderful every fan HAS to see it) and was pleasantly surprised.<br /><br />As for the songs themselves I particularly liked the versions of Powerslave in Costa Rice, Wasted Years in Mexico which has guitarist Adrian Smith singing at parts (a verse and the chorus) and Hallowed Be They Name in Toronto. The truth is I liked them all even if some songs get yet another live version. The song I liked the most was without a doubt Rime of the Ancient Mariner, hearing this powerful 13 minutes beast of a song live with this energy was fantastic. The band sounds tight; the guitars are mind blowing as always, Bruce is always a great singer and showman, Nicko provides great drumming once again and I'm always impressed by Steve harris, how he can still be heard with 3 guitarists in the band is beyond me!<br /><br />I wouldn't say it is the best live album Iron Maiden ever released, I would give that honour to \\"Live After Death\\" (1985) followed closely by \\"Rock In Rio\\"(2001). The band sounds great and you just know by hearing this that they are still having fun after all this time and enjoy playing the classics to what has been a steadily young audience during their career as they said. One thing that kind of ruined it for me thought was how Bruce always says \\"Scream for me (whatever place it is)!\\" You hear it a little too often throughout Flight 666, Scream for me Costa Rica, Scream for me Toronto, Scream for me...enough! But I understand that it was live and how it gets a crowd going, it's just not as fun to hear on a live album repetitively. It's hard to rank it in a precise order in Maiden's live album department but it's a great live album, perhaps one too many for the band but a good one nonetheless, I found myself enjoying this more than I initially expected to. 4 stars.he most was without a doubt Rime of the Ancient Mariner, hearing this powerful 13 minutes beast of a song live with this energy was fantastic. The band sounds tight; the guitars are mind blowing as always, Bruce is always a great singer and showman, Nicko provides great drumming once again and I'm always impressed by Steve harris, how he can still be heard with 3 guitarists in the band is beyond me!<br /><br />I wouldn't say it is the best live album Iron Maiden ever released, I would give that honour to \\"Live After Death\\" (1985) followed closely by \\"Rock In Rio\\"(2001). The band sounds great and you just know by hearing this that they are still having fun after all this time and enjoy playing the classics to what has been a steadily young audience during their career as they said. One thing that kind of ruined it for me thought was how Bruce always says \\"Scream for me (whatever place it is)!\\" You hear it a little too often throughout Flight 666, Scream for me Costa Rica, Scream for me Toronto, Scream for me...enough! But I understand that it was live and how it gets a crowd going, it's just not as fun to hear on a live album repetitively. It's hard to rank it in a precise order in Maiden's live album department but it's a great live album, perhaps one too many for the band but a good one nonetheless, I found myself enjoying this more than I initially expected to. 4 stars.
B0035V35PI|5.0|This movie ranks right up there with Bruce Lee's best. Groundbreaking for 21st century martial arts movies. This one sets the standard and raises the bar so high that maybe only a sequel could come close to it. Great story! Great foreshadowing! Great acting! And unbelievable fight scenes and visual effects! This movie truly got the shaft at the Oscars! Come on, not even a nomination for visual effects? I would still understand an Avatar win, but come on, at least a nomination. Its only obvious downfall is the fact that it is more violent than every film Quentin Tarantino ever made, possibly put together. Not necessarily bad, but a turnoff if the movie-goer is opposed to excessive violence. For what this movie is, it delivers on every level! I did not watch this movie, I experienced it!
B002VPE1B6|1.0|you guys need to look information up before you start going crazy.  They have said that it is a stretch that the 3D version will come out this year.  This first version will be the movie only, no special features or 3D or anything.  Wait till november when the version with special features is coming out or wait till next 2011 when the 3D version will come out.
0061474347|5.0|'Lirael' is a sequel to Garth Nix's wonderful 'Sabriel'. Although not quite as good as Sabriel it is still an excellent book. We learn more about the Old Kingdom, and more about the nature of Charter and Free magic. Have the nextbook 'Abhorsen' ready because the two are one story and you'll want to pick that one up as soon as you finish 'Lirael'.
0061719544|3.0|An addictive little memoir about an addictive and funny Scott, the infamous late night talk show host Craig Ferguson. Nobody buys a book entitled, \\"American on Purpose\\" expecting a deep dive into a dark character. I bought it to brush up against a funny celebrity; an early summer beach book. Ferguson delivers on this promise with a fine, light memoir that is a credit to a comedian that overcame an early addiction. That said, I've read several books on celebrity addiction and they all have one thing in common. They tell very piercingly funny stories while wobbling down the path between booze and babes. However, when it comes to the criminal truth; the wretched betrayals, the inhuman acts, there is less penetrating detail and more broad hand motions. Maybe it is human nature to skim over the worst of the worst. It also might be political suicide to expose raw truth while you are still in your public prime. There are better true confessionals out there, like Burrough's \\"Dry\\", that cut all the way through to the bone. Ferguson's attempt is lighter and funnier and he deserves credit for his effort.
0374530718|5.0|I would highly reccomend this book to anyone intersted in philosophy. It is a history lesson told through the eyes of a philosopher, insiring a young girl to think philosophically. It is a great way to learn the history of philosophy because it captures your attention with its content and layout.
B002XMGGK6|4.0|I really like this movie.  I think it's well filmed and well acted.  Plus I love Jamie and Gerard.
B000EHSVOG|5.0|I saw this movie many years ago when it was first released and bought the video tape when it became affordable. At the time, it was bundled with Irwin Allen's first disaster movie, the Poseidon Adventure. Since I've been converting my favorite videos to DVD, I had to have this. Included is a special features disc with several interviews and information on the making of the movie. They even show the 80 foot model they used for some of the scenes...wow!<br />Another nice addition are 7 still photos (called \\"lobby cards\\", postcard sized) from key scenes in the movie and a booklet containing more photos (b/w and color) with detailed information about each of the actors and the story itself. If you're a fan of the movie as I am, I think you'll like this package.
B002KDUDG6|5.0|Crazy Love is one of Buble's best. \\"Cry Mr A River\\" is a wonderful, my father-in-law cryed when heard it. \\"Haven't Meet You Yet\\" just makes you smile, and bop around. If you like Mr. Buble, get this CD.<br /><br />It will make your day!
B00328G4XY|1.0|Three opportunities that were missed when issuing these 2010 remasters:    1) Newly remastering the catalog with the latest technology.    2) Including bonus material: demos, alternate mixes and unreleased live versions of the studio cuts on a second disc (or at the end of a single disc).    3) Offering a high-resolution dvd audio version of the album as the second disc instead of a dvd you'll probably only watch once.    The only bonus we get is a very short video where Eddie Kramer skims over alternate mixes of the studio cuts, assuring us that they are fascinating - too bad we don't get to hear them as bonus cuts. Its a shame, because as a designer, I am very pleased with the amount of work that went into the packaging for these releases - the photos, writing and graphics are all very thoughtfully done.    Sony and his estate had the opportunity to break the vicious cycle of making a quick buck off of Hendrix's name. If they had only gone the extra mile, we could have gotten something really special and Jimi's legacy deserves nothing less. They really blew it.
0762434279|5.0|I loved this book, someone gave me a copy.  Then someone borrowed it and I bought another... someone borrowed that one.  I bought another... someone borrowed that one... and then I had to order another.  Finally bought this one, and didn't realize it, but when they said miniature edition, THEY ARENT KIDDING!  Guess what, I just bought another regular paperback version today.  Its good to re-read it every year or so you dont drift in your old way of thinking.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|on a whim,i decided to see this latest film in the Star Trek Universe.i'm sure glad i did.it's an origin story of sorts,a prequel(sort of)to the original Star Trek TV series,and obviously all previous films.some things in the mythology have been a bit tweaked,but that's why it works.it's not the old tired formula.there were some good Trek films in the past,a few excellent and a few not so good.but this one blows them all out of the water,in my opinion.not only is the story good,but the acting is stellar.there are also some very funny moments here.and the action is first rate.for me,this is easily the best Star Trek film yet.if you're a purist,you might not like it,which is understandable.if not though,you might really enjoy it.for me,it's an easy 5* rating
B002VWONB2|5.0|I am a home video addict, like millions of others.  The Blu-ray version of Casablanca was a validation of the HD format for me, as the improved visual quality of the cinematography produced a prolonged movie-lover high as the ususal suspects acted out the well-known story.  This Blu-ray edition of a classic black & white film of the 1940s has proven to me that hidden riches are waiting to be mined (remastered) from the catalog of classics.
B001TODCII|4.0|Liam Neeson proves he can play the action hero as well s anyone in this action thriller.he plays the father of a 17year old who has been kidnapped while in Paris.with very little to go on,he races against time to find her kidnappers and save her.oh,and he has a very particular set of skills.in short,they messed with the wrong guy.what follows are some very intense fight scenes,which are very well choreographed.but this is not just an action movie.there are certainly some dramatic moments and the movie is tinged with sadness,as some of the events in the movie mirror reality.of course being a Hollywood movie,you pretty much know how it will end,although it didn't end completely the way i thought it would.all in all, a very entertaining movie,that also makes you think.for me,Taken is a 4/5
0307271862|5.0|Standing in a German airport years ago there was one limited  stack of books translated in English to choose from. my husband purchased me a henning mankell because the story seemed interesting. For the past few years one of the highlights of our trips overseas has been fsearching bookshelves of the mist recently translated mankell's. The Man From Beijing lived up to all expections of a mankell mystery plus a little bit more. The translation ran a little different and the multicountry plotline was new but it was a good solid read that never disappointed. As always, I was sad when it ended.
B00005JPAO|3.0|i have to admit,i had no really interest in seeing this movie.but a friend brought it over,so i thought why not.turns out it was a mixed blessing.on the one hand,Helen Mirren absolutely channels Queen Elizabeth.her performance is unreal.and James Cromwell is good as her husband.however,the actor portraying Prince Charles,was,in my mind miscast.i also didn't think the movie was in depth enough.for me there just wasn't enough substance.that's not to say it's a bad movie.it has its good moments.,and there are some compelling scenes.but overall,i just didn't find it spectacular.but Helen Mirren elevates the material.hence,for me,The Queen is a 3/5
B00005RIKD|5.0|This is one of the best concerts ever recorded, amazing vocals, dreamy acoustics, incredible beats....an overall lovely album
B001GCUO1Q|3.0|for me,this is the worst movie i have seen connected with the X-Men franchise.it's certainly watchable,but it's not up to the X Men standard.i found it slow at times.also,there are some continuity issues regarding this Wolverine and the Wolverine we see in the later X-Men movies as well as with the events themselves and how they play out in the later movies.Hugh Jackman was Fine as Wolverine,as he always has been.Liev Schrieber is good as Victor Creed.and i really liked Ryan Reynolds as Deadpool.i just wish he had a bigger role.as for the movie as a whole,it is above average,but as i said,not up to the X-Men standard.for me, X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a 3/5
0316017922|3.0|Very interesting and well-written. Gladwell is smart, and makes this sound like real science but I wonder about his interpretation of statistics. Also, understanding what makes pilots successful will not necessarily encourage you to fly... well, not with certain airlines.
B000BUYP4Q|5.0|in my mind,Batman Begins is easily one of the best superhero movies ever made.the movie basically tells the story of the genesis of the caped crusader.obviously,there is a fair amount of character development involved,which you would expect based on the title.but not so much that the film becomes tedious.Batman is shown as more of a full dimensional character than in previous incarnations..Director Christopher Nolan shows great skill as a director,pacing the film very well.there are also some touches of humour throughout and we get to see a more human side to Bruce Wayne.The villains are also more fully realized than in most movies of the genre,instead of simply being devices for the hero(the protagonist)to have a villain(antagonist)to defeat.Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman are standouts in their respective roles,as is Liam Neeson.Katie Holmes has yet to reach the level of maturity require for her role,so she is a bit weak.This Batman movie is less cartoonish than previous efforts,and is closer to the realm of realism(relatively speaking).the movie is also more thoughtful than many movies depicting superheros.there is much more substance.in fact more substance than style,though it is just stylistic enough.All in all a brilliant depiction of the origin of the caped crusader. 5/5
0143038419|4.0|I was almost turned off from reading this book after the first few pages because of a trait Elizabeth Gilbert freely admits: '...perhaps I don't always have to go for the cheap laugh.' Luckily, I read a few more pages and then couldn't put it down. This is an amazingly honest account of an inner and outer journey, often inspiring, sometimes hilariously funny, and also at times a tearjerker - in the best possible way - as Gilbert describes the real lives of real people, and her own relentless quest to 'rest in God's palm.'
B001GZ6QC4|2.0|i loved the previous Batman film,Batman Begins.i thought it was brilliant,possibly the best superhero movie ever made.and with the stratospheric hype this film had,combined with the trailers i had seen,i knew i had to see it.many people commented that it more than lived up to the hype,so i expected something earth shattering.to say i was disappointed is an understatement.there were moments where i was bored,and hoped it would end soon.Batman's voice in this movie annoyed me.it sounded like he had swallowed a bucket of gravel.either that,or had a bad case of laryngitis.maybe there was a reason behind this.but all it did was annoy me.as for Heath Ledger,and his performance as The Joker,i found it OK,but i wouldn't say it was award worthy.and i mean no disrespect by this.when the movie finally ended,neither the character of The Joker,or any aspect of the movie stayed with me.bottom line,i didn't find anything profound in this movie.i was massively disappointed.it doesn't even touch Batman Begins,in my opinion.for me,The Dark Knight is a 2.5/5
B000002GVO|1.0|all eagles albums need a remaster, this is from 1990! the japan 2004 are too expensive, please a new 2010 remaster!!!
B000V1Y43W|5.0|This is one of my favorite Pixar movies, and my little girl absolutely loves the movie as well. When I saw it for sale on Bluray on Amazon I didn't think twice and bought it. The movie looked well enough on DVD on my HD setup, but on Bluray it's even more amazing it just doesn't get much better. Definately one of the best Bluray titles in our collection.
081095415X|4.0|Beautiful, stunning images, saw this in person and had to get a copy. My only complaint, and it's a minor one, is that by the end you find some of the images start to become a little repetitive. Still very worth the purchase, highly recommended.
0385737947|4.0|This book is good, very good. It reminded me of a distorted Lord of the Flies.<br /><br />Thomas, that is the only thing he remembers when he is brought to the Glade in the box. The Glade is full of boys, who like Thomas remember nothing of their previous life. Life is hard, the boys are responsible for themselves and must work hard on the \\"farm\\" to ensure survival. The main objective is to find an escape though the maze to return to whatever life they had before coming to the Glade. Everything suddenly changes when Teresa, the first girl is brought to the Glade.<br /><br />Cleaver, very cleaver. I loved the interesting names given to things (see below), I loved not really understanding anything till half way through the book, not knowing how the boys and Teresa would escape and the surprise twist at the very end. I see a sequel coming soon...<br /><br />Glade guide:<br />shank - derogatory name for Gladers<br />klunk - poo<br />beetle blades - robotic creatures used to spy on the Gladers<br />grievers - half machine/half animal creatures, that are dangers and can be lethal, that are found in the maze<br />greenbean - term given to the newest Glader<br />the Changing - what ones goes thorugh after being stung by a griever and after getting the serum
B000V9D5LG|5.0|I bought this for my brother and he liked it and he has used it ever since... I have not heard of any complains so I am assuming the product was received brand new. Thank you for great service.
0307271862|1.0|Anyone who bought The Man From Beijing on the strength of the author's earlier books, as I did, is likely to be sorely disappointed. This surely is his worst book, certainly of those I've read and mostly appreciated.     The story centers on the slaughter of three closely related families in a remote village in Sweden, the crime ordered up by a wealthy Beijing businessman intent on revenging the cruelties inflicted upon a mid nineteenth century ancestor by one of the Swedish families' ancestors of the same era. That this strains credibility is basically not the problem, for its's no more implausible than the plot lines of many of Mankell's earlier books or of  those of authors of the same genre. It's the way Mankell puts flesh on this skeleton, with cliche heaped upon cliche, with stereotypes galore, and with long winded discourses on Chinese history and politics, all recounted at an intellectual level worthy of a fifth grader. The steets of Beijing, we are informed, are jammed with cars and the air fouled by pollution triple or quadruple that of New York and Paris. The Chinese are inscrutable, speak in riddles and are mostly corrupt, although alongside the bad bad businessman who ordered the killings there is also his very good and idealistic sister. China is planning to ship its excess population off to Africa, which we learn is hot and its people impoverished. At every stop along the way the reader is offered a travelogue.     To sort all this out Mankell enlists a middle aged Swedish judge who is going through her own life crisis but he throws in so much fluff that through hundreds of pages only a rare few are there to grip the reader's attention.     To be read late at night, if at all, and guaranteed to induce deep sleep
1603420398|5.0|This is an excellent book. Really good patterns, especially for freeform crochet. I like the grouping of colour schemes and shapes, giving one plenty of ideas for projects.
B0010X745K|5.0|Even Stephen King said the ending was better than his ending in his original story. The movie is about 98% accurate to my mental images while reading the original Stephen King story, which is amazing. The original story and this movie are extremely scary without gratuitous violence = this could actually happen - you don't have to suspend disbelief to be scared, very very scared. This movie (and the original story) are destined to be True Classics.
B000F4MLZ8|1.0|Too mellow, for my taste, but the talent and quality is there. I just don't see myself listening to this artist.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|I have loved everything about the \\"Wicked\\" soundtrack since I bought it 3 years ago! There isn't a single boring song in the show! Just last week, I finally had the opportunity to see it live! It was one of the most amazing shows I have ever seen and now the soundtrack sounds even better than it did before! You don't have to see the show to fall in love with the brilliant score written by Stephen Schwartz! This soundtrack is a must have for all die-hard Broadway and \\"Wizard of Oz\\" fans! BUY IT AS SOON AS POSSIBLE!    P.S. If you decide to take my advice, purchase the soundtrack from Amazon. com. The theater was charging $25!!!
B002UO73Z4|2.0|Once again, we are left with the same crappy remaster as the 25th anniversary edition.  Something so easy to fix is apparently beyond the morons at Sony.  A minor detail to be sure but, the bell at the beginning of Koka Kola is screwed up.  Instead of the \\"ding\\" of the elevator bell, we get \\"dowing\\", the sound of some idiot that bumped the tape during transfer.  Buy the old, un-remastered version and boost the volume up yourself.    I would give it only one star, but the music is just too good.  Sony rots, don't buy it.
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|I purchased this video based on the shorts that I had seen advertised. This animated film is a wonderful \\"adult\\" type of video that demonstrates this medium can convey very touching human emotion that one expects from regular film. The characters both human and non are wonderful and I would recommend it for anyone! My son who 'isn't into animated cartoons' really liked this one.
B0034JKZ3G|2.0|Lately Disney has been unable to produce a decent movie that doesn't have the PIXAR name attached to it. I love all the Pixar films, but Princess and the Frog is another reminder of why Disney needs Pixar so much!!! I felt like the movie had some good moments, but I would have to say the Voo-doo magic and villianous moments ruined the movie for me. This is supposed to be a children's movie targeting young girls, but I don't feel it is at all appropriate for young children to watch. I am quite surprised Disney would produce this and market it to kids given how much the movie entertains the dark magic theme. I am disappointed in the story development, lack of good songs, fear factor for children, and would never consider this a great film.
B00005QGAZ|5.0|SPOILERS FOLLOW<br /><br />Michael Jackson's 1982 album \\"Thriller\\" remains a definitive statement of energetic and extraordinarily creative pop music.  Though the ingenious title track leaps out at the listener as a forceful declaration of itself, it is also complemented by songs comparably famous for their own innovations.<br /><br />\\"Wanna Be Starting Something\\" kicks off the album with panache, a song seemingly effortless in its construction and so meticulous in its lyrical and musical layering that the listener intuits it probably required exacting work.  Additionally, \\"The Girl is Mine\\" is a very enjoyable light pop collaborative number from Mr. Jackson and Paul McCartney.  The line of classic songs from \\"Thriller\\" overflows in a string for about four songs in the middle of the album, beginning with the terrifically atmospheric \\"Thriller\\" itself.  This run includes Jackson staples \\"Beat It,\\" \\"Billie Jean\\", and the slowed-down, lyrically impeccable \\"Human Nature.\\"  As if these gems were not enough, the relatively forgotten songs of \\"Thriller\\" are also solid, like \\"Baby Be Mine\\" and \\"The Lady in My Life.\\"<br /><br />Co-produced by Quincy Jones, Michael Jackson's \\"Thriller\\" appeared at the dawn of the singer's absolute dominance of American popular music, and retains the imprint of its era while maintaining a vitality for all time.
B0000C3I6U|5.0|This IS the iconic body building film on DVD featuring   Arnold Schwarzenegger,   Lou Ferrigno,   among other greats,  The quality of this DVD transfer from the original 16mm film is fantastic,  sharp, clear, plus loads of extra's / special feature's,  Five Star !!!!!
B00005JLZN|3.0|I thought this movie could have been a lot better. It wasn't *that* bad, but it was mostly Kevin Spacey's movie and he's too blah in this role. Kate Winslet had a very small part, and although she tried her best to emote through it, there really wasn't much for her to go on. Laura Linney had a better role, I think. There were also some annoying flashing things -- every time there is a new revelation, do we need to see the words \\"Guilt\\" \\"Justice\\" etc., flashed onto the screen against a background that has nothing to do with anything? Couldn't the director think of a better way to handle that? It reminded me of the old Batman TV shows with the spinning scene changes and the \\"Pow!\\" \\"Socko!\\" bubbles. Silly.
B001GKJ2E8|3.0|It's interesting reading some of the comments below complaining about this movie being too over-the-top. 'Wanted' is (loosely) based on a series of comic books, so if you're complaining that bullets going around corners and heroes surviving hundred metre falls is not \\"realistic\\"....you're kind of missing the point. This is pure, brainless escapism. Turn off your brain for two hours, sit back, and enjoy the eye candy. It's that kind of movie.     'Wanted' shamelessly pinches ideas from a variety of other movies. The first act is very reminiscent of 'Fight Club' (worthless corporate drone seeing no meaning to his life), and the CGI obviously owes a huge debt to 'The Matrix' and its clones. The physics-defying stunts and special effects ape everything from 'Transporter' to 'Gone In 60 Seconds'. Although I must admit that making the Fraternity descendents of weavers, who get their orders from codes embedded in a textile loom, is..um...different.     The cast is a mixed bag; James McAvoy really nails it as the depressed office worker, but as a ruthless assassin he's a bit underwhelming. Angelina Jolie does a good job in a role that doesn't take her out of second gear, and Morgan Freeman does the father-figure thing just like Morgan always does. Everyone else is simply a cannon-fodder or gun-for-hire stock character, although Thomas Kretschmann as Cross could have been interesting had he been given more screen time. Don't worry too much about the plot; it's predictable, with several \\"twists\\" and character revelations that are easily anticipated. This is the sort of movie where every line of dialogue is a distraction from the flashy eye-candy.     The eye-candy itself is good, though. Extensive use of slo-mo and bullet-cam effects, cars doing triple flips and driving on as if nothing happened, trains falling off bridges, assassins shooting through ten people at once...it's all here. And it all works. If you're in the right mood.     It's not really a movie I'd recommend assuch, and it's certainly not an artistic masterpiece. But if you're just after a big dumb action movie, you can do alot worse than 'Wanted'.
B003BZXHX8|5.0|I have heard there will be a Deluxe Edition DVD/ CD combo available as well. I will then Reserve my copy!! I cannot wait to see this!
B002VECM4A|3.0|Strange feelings about this one.  It really is not a pleasant movie and it actually started to make us feel depressed about half-way through.  I also have to wonder that if this film was made by white film-makers, it would be called racist.  Mo'nique was good, but is that the kind of character that anyone wants to play?  I mean, the movies biggest flaw is that with all the negative actions and stereotypes on screen, there is no real call-to-arms to change things.  Maybe as an afterschool special that provided Abuse Hot Line numbers or Welfare Fraud statistics it would have felt more worthwhile.
B0039W1J0Q|5.0|Maybe it's just the right timing, but I have really enjoyed orchestral music lately so this album really hit the spot for me.  I think the music sits really beautifully in me.  The warm orchestral sound is a perfect backdrop for Peter Gabriel's voice, and here, I think the songs he sings are pure poetry. I sometimes like to wonder why he chose the songs he chose and what aspect of the song attracted him to it.  This is unique and beautiful.  Thank you, Peter Gabriel.
B00328G4V6|4.0|Some awesome Hendrix, like track 7, which would've make SRV and some of the other blues greats rave.  But I've heard garage bands do a better cover of \\"Sunshine of Your Love\\"
0307463745|5.0|As a fan of 37 signals, I had pre-ordered this book, looking forward to reading it as soon as it came out.  It did not disappoint.  Rework turns much of current Silicon Valley startup practice on its head (business plans are really business guesses, workaholics miss the point, go to sleep, building to flip is building to flop, interruption is the enemy of productivity, press releases are spam, don't create a culture, etc, etc) and offers a fresh perspective on starting and growing a business with plenty of humor and great illustrations.    My favorites:     *  focus on what won't change - what will your customer always want?      *  be a curator - what makes a great museum is the stuff that's not on the walls     *  emulate chefs - a recipe is much easier to copy than a business.  Shouldn't that scare Mario Batali?
B000065AG8|1.0|My school purchased this DVD for my Spanish class. The cover came sealed in perfect condition. The cover was in Spanish. BUT unfortunately the disc doesn't have the option of Spanish audio. I had to return the DVD. No one could guarantee that if I got a replacement that it would have Spanish audio. IF you are interested on the Spanish language track. This is not it.
B0010YPTGU|5.0|once again Andrea Bocelli proves his voice is magic. His range and clarity of lyrics is amazing. Next to Frank Sinatra who I think was the greatest Lyricist, Bocelli is as close as you can get
B002S0OBMS|1.0|Do you recall BYE BYE BIRDIE? Of course you do. But do you recall its sequel BRING BACK BIRDIE? How about the sequels to ANNIE or THE BEST LITTLE WHOREHOUSE IN TEXAS? Difficult, right? That's because they all failed - miserably. Whatever small charms these continuations may have contained were completely offset by the fact that, without exception, they all proved to be inferior and unnessesary in comparison to the glorious originals. Well, poodles, the long-promised sequel to Andrew Lloyd Webber's megahit PHANTOM OF THE OPERA - the biggest theatrical phenomenon of the 20th Century - is here. It's called LOVE NEVER DIES.<br /><br />And we absolutely hate it.<br /><br />As do many, many others. LOVE NEVER DIES has had some stinging reviews: \\"this poor spoof a show\\" (The New York Times); \\"misses on all fronts\\" (Jewish Chronicle); \\"lacks psychological plausibility - worse, it lacks heart\\" (London Evening Standard); \\"simply torpid. Only a radical rewrite will give it even the remotest chance of emulating its predecessor.\\" (Variety).<br /><br />What's wrong with it you ask? Well, for one thing, the story is just awful. We simply do not buy any of the changes in Raoul - or any of the other returning characters for that matter. Where oh where is the dramatic tension? All of the mystery and menance that made the phantom so delightfully memorable lo these many years have been drained away completely. (He even appears alongside all the other characters in the outrageously laughable 14 minute finale!)<br /><br />And please... could someone fill us in on just HOW Christine and the Phantom could have sired little Gustave? Admittedly, it has been some time since seeing the Broadway production wonderfully staged by Hal Prince, but as we recall, Christine was drawn to the Phantom's beautiful soul - but repelled by his hideous looks. (look but don't touch.) In fact, anyone who saw Michael Crawford - or any of the subsequent broadway phantoms unmasked, would surely remember why. Our question then would have to be, are we to assume that Andrew Lloyd Webber and his collaborators would rather we recall the sexy film version of the character played by Gerard Butler (who only seemed to suffer a mild case of acne)... OR, was Christine date raped one evening after copious amounts of liquor and a few ruffies?<br /><br />Discuss...<br /><br />Fans of unintentional camp will probably adore the laughably anti-climatic second act finale which contains, perhaps, the longest death scene in recorded history. We won't spoil just who dies for you, but you may want to give the cd a listen before attending a performance as it may be difficult to hear the actors over the audience's giggles.<br /><br />As to the score, with the exception of one - maybe two - songs, this has to be one of ALW's worst. (And given his output since the occasionally sublime SUNSET BLVD, that's a pretty hard record to top.) We enjoyed the original PHANTOM score - but this! Are we still at the opera? (More so than the first go round we fear.) We were led to believe that the show was set at Coney Island? According to the reviews, the sets and projections are visually stunning, but from what we can hear, the score only seems to give occasional hints of being at that famed American institution.<br /><br />Much of the music is derivative of the worst of all Lloyd Webber's most recent disastrous attempts at a hit. And where oh where does Britain's favorite musical composer find these lyricists who's only gift is to write with little wit or imagination? (He even managed to make the usually talented broadway lyricist David Zippel seem like a hack in the dreadful sung-through bore THE WOMAN IN WHITE.)<br /><br />Which brings us to the SUNG-THROUGH thing! Would it kill Webber to write a show with actual dialogue? When will he wake up and realize that the 80s - and all that sung-through British claptrap that came out of it - are dead and gone? We've all moved on. Why can't he?<br /><br />And recyclinare we to assume that Andrew Lloyd Webber and his collaborators would rather we recall the sexy film version of the character played by Gerard Butler (who only seemed to suffer a mild case of acne)... OR, was Christine date raped one evening after copious amounts of liquor and a few ruffies?     Discuss...     Fans of unintentional camp will probably adore the laughably anti-climatic second act finale which contains, perhaps, the longest death scene in recorded history. We won't spoil just who dies for you, but you may want to give the cd a listen before attending a performance as it may be difficult to hear the actors over the audience's giggles.    As to the score, with the exception of one - maybe two - songs, this has to be one of ALW's worst. (And given his output since the occasionally sublime SUNSET BLVD, that's a pretty hard record to top.) We enjoyed the original PHANTOM score - but this! Are we still at the opera? (More so than the first go round we fear.) We were led to believe that the show was set at Coney Island? According to the reviews, the sets and projections are visually stunning, but from what we can hear, the score only seems to give occasional hints of being at that famed American institution.     Much of the music is derivative of the worst of all Lloyd Webber's most recent disastrous attempts at a hit. And where oh where does Britain's favorite musical composer find these lyricists who's only gift is to write with little wit or imagination? (He even managed to make the usually talented broadway lyricist David Zippel seem like a hack in the dreadful sung-through bore THE WOMAN IN WHITE.)     Which brings us to the SUNG-THROUGH thing! Would it kill Webber to write a show with actual dialogue? When will he wake up and realize that the 80s - and all that sung-through British claptrap that came out of it - are dead and gone? We've all moved on. Why can't he?     And recycling the song OUR KIND OF LOVE (A melody originally written for PHANTOM 2 but later re-titled, re-lyriced, re-used and recorded in THE BEAUTIFUL GAME) for the title song borders on insanity. Why not write something new?     For that matter, why bother to write a deflating sequel to one of the few glorious acheivements of his rather checkered career at all? Lord Lloyd Webber's choices in projects and collaborators just continues to astound us.
B0030ZOYJ0|5.0|Originally, I had rented Evangelion 1.0 on Netflix, so when this new version came up for pre-order, I decided to jump upon it.  I'm happy to say that this new version is a vast improvement on the first version, as it added some new scenes that 1.0 omitted.    If there was any negative complaints about the film, it is that some of the humor that the early part of Neon Genesis Evangelion was omitted, and it jumped into the psychological drama early on.  I was relieved that a few of the humorous scenes of the original series was kept (Shinji's first night at Misato's apartment and his meeting with Pen Pen).    The action scenes were greatly improved, particularly the combat scenes with Ramiel (the 6th Angel).  This film is definitely a must-have!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Over 3,000 reviews and counting. So here is my two cents (soon to be lost in a sea of thousands of other pennies).     Like many, I never saw this short-lived series when it first aired. I never saw BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER, nor ANGEL, nor have I watched the current DOLLHOUSE. Joss Whedon? Who is he? Then again, I don't watch any TV series on a regular basis because I don't make an effort to know what day or what time they are on. If a TV program comes on, I may watch it if it interests me, otherwise I move on to something else or pop in a movie (I also missed the entire 4-year run of BSG, but bought that series just recently). So how did I come to see this series?     Well, it started when I rented the movie SERENITY on a lark, and the film surprising me. A western in space? Sure, why not? It makes perfect sense to me, and I liked the movie OUTLAND (which was HIGH NOON in space). And while I like good science fiction and a good western, I usually don't see both in one movie. Plus, the heroes (I use the word loosely) in this film are an odd mix of pirates, thieves, a man of God, and even a prostitute, but all have some sort of code of ethics ... well all except for the character, Jayne;).     Did I feel SERENITY was a great movie? Nope, but it was sure a heck of a lot of fun and had some really witty writing (I ended up purchasing the dvd simply because I felt it was a movie I could enjoy repeat viewings). So what happened? My son mentioned FIREFLY and lent me the series. Turns out that is the worse thing that could have happened. Why? Because I slowly began to get very involved with the series and its characters (this wasn't immediate, it took me several episodes). Of course I bought the dvd set. That was a no-brainer. But I'm a bit bummed. Once I watched the entire series, I knew there would be no more episodes. No more FIREFLY. No more SERENITY. No more witty dialog popping up at the most unexpected times and places. At least I now know who Joss Whedon is.     This series is now classified at cult status (like the original STAR TREK when it was cancelled after the third season). Perhaps its status came about because its life was cut so short (it didn't run for even one full season, and one can \\"thank\\" FOX for this blunder). There wasn't enough time to muck it up, but enough time to get one hooked. There were also many questions that need to be fleshed out (the River character especially, but also Shepherd Book, as well as the shadowy agency in the Alliance -- \\"two by two hands of blue\\").     Is it really a 5-star series? No, probably not. The acting varies from being a bit stiff at times to very good, but the cast really grows on you as you watch. I mean, how can one not like the slow witted and out-for-yourself Jayne? Or the soldier woman Zoe? Or Mal? Or ... you get the idea. But let's face it, not every episode is a gem, but even the worst ones were entertaining. My favorite episode, and I have several, is \\"Out of Gas\\". I rarely have belly laughs when watching a western or science fiction (although the new STAR TREK movie was just as witty), so I'll just call FIREFLY refreshing with its wide variety of very different characters (some with mysterious or murky backgrounds) packed on a run down boat in space. So yes, FIREFLY is worth a 9 out of 10 (or a 5-star rating) in my book. And from the reviews I see here, I guess I'm not alone when I felt twinges of sadness and wanting to see more. And because it won't happen, I consider that realization a bummer.
B000URDEB0|5.0|I have this album and its blows me away every time i listen to it!
B0006GAOBI|5.0|A troubled, confused and frightened young man attending private school attempts to figure out the end of reality with help from his imaginary friend. The movie has multiple layers of thematic elements which are not apparent in the first few viewings. Donnie Darko might be likened to Ferris Bueller on acid. It's a deep movie that doesn't explain everything, but clues are there so the viewer can piece together his own conclusions. Put this DVD in a prominent place in your video collection. You will want to watch it often as each viewing brings new revelations. Highly recommended.
1582701709|1.0|God is a pinata. Naive optimism is the broom stick. This book (less than $20) removes your blindfold, so you can get candy, cars and supermodel dates to fall from heaven (ahem...I mean...the \\"universe\\"). Tell that to the teenager dying of stage IV cancer, the mom whose child is strung out on dope, and the guy whose job just got out-sourced to India. You have to be dumber than driftwood to believe any of this junk, let alone to pay $15 to have Rhonda prey upon your wishes for a better life.  The sequel should be \\"Psst...You're REALLY Dumb for Buying More Snake Oil\\". Ask Rhonda how much $$$ from her millions in book sales she donates to charity? After all, the 'universe' stands ready to re-fill her bank account. Right???
B002YIHO7I|1.0|I never received this cd have email they said it was ship but was never receive I ask for tracking number and who sign for the cd they have not responed. I would never purchase from them again. They have my money but I do not have a cd. I do not beleive they ever shipped it or Patrick Ballard would of received it.They are not customer friendly.
B003CNQPNS|5.0|In the 80's their was not a shortage of good television like thier is today.   Street Hawk even though it was short lived it has become a classic like Knight Rider or even Airwolf and really the list could go on and on.      The series starred Rex Smith as Jesse Mach an ex motorcycle cop turned police trouble-shooter.  For 13 episodes he wrode for justice and now this 1985 gem is coming to DVD a little later then what I had originally heard but atleast it will be soon.      Now that Street Hawk and all of the other greats have been released we need to get Viper on DVD all 4 seasons.
B000RO9PXC|5.0|Yes, everyone knows who The Doors are, or were at the time of this recording.  An immensely popular acid/blues/rock band.  As an obvious supporter of their work, this is a brilliant addition to their live shows pantheon.  Too often we're forced to stomach overdubbed, electronic \\"live concerts\\" that attempt perfection by remaining constipated in their production.  Here, Morrison is obviously heavily inebriated, which you can tell by hearing him bellow and croon in the first few tracks of CD 1, but once he lets out a raucous howl before the band furiously jumps into \\"Roadhouse Blues\\" you immediately can sense that you're in for some kind of ride.  This 3-CD set is a perfect example of how important it is for a band to have a certain level of chemistry.  Even during Morrison's drunken crooning in the opening track, you can hear Manzarek and Densmore providing a backdrop for the soul that Morrison is expressing in his howls.  I'm a big fan of raw live music and this is as raw as it gets.  Of course, it is tremendously different from their brilliance at the Felt Forum mere months earlier (the 6-CD set \\"Live in New York\\").  As another reviewer said earlier, this compilation is pure fun if you're a fan of classic hard-rock and the blues, and even moreso if you are a fan of The Doors.  The price of this album is worth it even if it only contained Morrison's animalistic scream leading into \\"Roadhouse Blues.\\"
1400031001|5.0|Boyd's writing goes down so smoothly.  Not writer-ly, but so literate and well written.  Most successful in this work is the way Boyd handles the changing voice of his main character as he ages with the 20th century.  He has some adventures, some realizations, some good times and some hard times.  Very, very well plotted and told -- and extremely well written.  It's rare when a work of literary fiction draws you forward through its pages like a thriller.  Boyd manages to do that in this important work.  Would make a great selection for Boyd's first BBC/PBS Masterpiece Contemporary series!
B002VECM6S|5.0|When I went to watch this movie I thought that its runtime of 129 minutes was pretty long. I was wrong. I thoroughly enjoyed watching it that when the credits came up I was surprised that the film was over. I really wished it had not ended so soon. I could easily have sat for another hour or so had there been more scenes to watch.    Inspiring true story, larger-than-life characters, stirring scenes, thought-provoking dialogues, great portrayal by actors (especially Bullock) - many excellent elements come together in this film. It's one of the best movies (if not the best) I have seen in many years.    I'm grateful that this film does not promote humanism. For me, as a Christian, God's providential grace is undeniable in this real story of triumph and altruism. Watching this movie based on a noble story awakened in me a keen sense of wanting to do good unto others.
B002C6A6N6|5.0|I loved watching Dr. Quin as a kid, and started renting it on netflix to watch with my sister and her young children who ended up loving it too. One day I thought, why don't I buy it? I found that Amazon  had the best price for the box set. I was THRILLED when it showed up, and can sit down with my family to watch it and not have to worry if there is going to be questionable content on it.   I HIGHLY recommend this product to anyone who wants a bit of history, love story, and good, clean entertainment.
B002QQ8HAG|4.0|This was a very interesting look at how Vogue came up with their September issue for 2007.  It was fascinating to see how ideas were conceived and then executed.  As with any documentary, it tends to be bit dry, but I enjoyed watching Anna Wintour interact with her colleagues and also with the world's most famous designers.  I especially enjoyed watching Anna Wintour interact with Grace Coddington, the head of her creative dept.  They don't let their longstanding relationship interfere with their ideas of what should go into those fabulous Vogue pages!<br /><br />Besides being a fantastic editor-in-chief of the American Vogue, Anna Wintour also appears to be a wonderful mother as well.  We watched as the camera followed her home and interviewed her 21-year old daughter, Bee.  As much as Bee admires her famous mother, she does not want to follow in her footsteps.  Good for her that she has a mind of her own!  All in all, it was a fun DVD to watch with my own daughter, home from her Spring break.
0810995212|5.0|I don't care about the politically motivated text or Leyendecker's sexual preferences. This art is top notch. That's why I bought this book.  I used to think that Leyendecker was only a 2nd rate Rockwell imitator. Boy was I wrong! He's got so much style and passion that his work is instantly recognizable. Leyendecker is better than Rockwell in my view. Rockwell, though obviously great, is slavishly adherent to his source photos. Leyendecker exploits the potential of the oil paint with his brighter colors and expressive hard angles.   This book is one of my favorites. I would ignore the text but study the artwork very closely. Easily five stars.
0071624058|3.0|It is good enough for overviewing what the iBT is. I have been living in North America for over 10 years, I need this book just for a guide to prepare the test. If you are looking for a book to study, may not be a good choice. Since the real test seemed a little bit harder than the book, at least my test was. (took on Jan.16, 2010)
0767817729|5.0|OMG!!! This movie is soooooo good. I can't believe I had never seen it before. Great story........action and love.
B002S0OBN2|2.0|It's not a bad album. Let me say that right off the bat. Honestly a lot of the first act reminded me of the musical Side Show with it's carnival music and female harmonies. There are ballads and rock inspired tunes. If the story was completely new, this might be a show many people could take interest in.    The problem, though, is that this isn't a new musical about new characters. This is the much talked about sequel to the most successful musical of all time, and that's the very reason this piece of musical theater falls apart.     If you buy this because you love Phantom of the Opera and it's dark gothic pop-opera sound, then you'll be sadly disheartened. Loyd Webber has aged more than 20 years since writing Phantom, and it seems he can't repeat the shows hypnotic soundscape. Instead this show sounds like it could easily be a sequel to the Yestin/Koppit show simply titled \\"Phantom\\"... and that is not at all what fans buying this CD will be expecting.     Neither the Phantom nor Christine ever get a test of their vocal skills remotely comparable to their pieces in the original show and seem more content to just stay bouncy and fun. There is little angst in even the most dramatic piece on the CD, and you're so hard pressed to find something that fits what you're looking for that the little snippets of \\"Angel of Music\\" and \\"Little Lottie\\" that pop up will instantly give Phantom fans infinitesimal moments of happiness, but they are few and far between.     As with the Cast Recording of the original show, this CD covers so much of the show that it is easy to follow the story, which is also to the CD's detriment. Frankly it seems that the story is just ill conceived. Don't get me wrong, I'm not at all against another show about The Phantom, but this script makes characters like The Phantom, Christine and especially Raoul, one dimensional caricatures of their counterparts in the original show (Raoul who was once the dashing prince charming, is now a hard drinking brokegambler). Similarly, while the climax of the original felt completely natural given the characters and story of the original, the climax of the show (presented in the last track of the second disc) feels completely tacked on to get a shock value out of a story that really felt telegraphed from the beginning.    Again, perhaps if this show was about original characters and the audience didn't bring in notions and memories from the original musical, this show could be seen in a completely different light. Unfortunately, as it is, this show will live an die in the shadow of The Phantom of the Opera.
0141442468|5.0|I haven't actually had a chance to read the book yet, but there are plenty of reviews out there.  I can say that aesthetically this is a beautiful edition.  I hope that penguin continues to reprint classic novels in this style.
B002RSDW80|5.0|Loved it! Meryl Streep never dissappoints. She is wonderful as usual! While watching it, I had to keep remembering it was Meryl and not Julia. I never knew much about Julia and this is a real human interest story. Even my husband liked it and he's not a big fan. Most informative and very enjoyable. As for Amy Adams, love her too! She is a very talented actress. It felt like I was cooking right along with her. I think the pairing of Meryl and Amy once again (ie. Doubt) was a brilliant idea. They work together well. A++
B0035J6TA8|5.0|Real music lovers will agree that Peter Gabriel picked \\"cream of the crop\\" songs to cover on Scratch My Back.  However what really moves this to the the next level, and makes the album a classic master work, is the fact that PG has taken each song, uncovered the beautiful diamond beneath, and then polished each facet to incredible brilliance.  Complex arrangements, if done right, reward you richly for repeated listenings, and that is certainly the case here.  No doubt a few listeners will find this to be too much of a challenge to explore, and will likely give it a negative rating.  But it doesn't matter because this baby truly sparkles.
B001TD1XWG|5.0|This album is perfect for those who love Rap and Rock. The tracks are awesome! My favorite is \\"On Fire.\\" If you're into great beats and truly appreciate real Rock sound, then you might want to buy this album. Lil Wayne has collaborated with real talent.
B0029O08WA|5.0|New Moon soundtrack is awasome!  Getting to know the songs and then placing them in the movie is fun!  Love the fact that i can go online, click on Amazon icon, click on what item I want and in a few days its at my house!
B002YIHO7I|5.0|Sade absolutely killed it with this album! Every song is amazing! She is timeless and classic. I highly recommend this album to all Sade fans. You will play it everyday, like I do.
031606792X|5.0|The Twilight Saga (all 4 books) are the best books I ever read. I have never had books keep me attention so fully. I ended up reading the whole series in a matter of 3 weeks. I read every chance I got. I would highly recommend these books to any female.
B0016Q2D5M|5.0|I bought a huge stack of DVD's at a reduced price and nearly bypassed this movie, thinking it was just another boring remake of a classic... like most of the other remakes. I was most definitely wrong and surprised at how wonderful this movie was.<br /><br />This has spoilers...(for those of you who are thin skinned about reading reviews and then complain because you read reviews which included the storyline.)<br /><br />I loaded up a 5 disc DVD player and put this one in last because I didn't expect much out of it... and to my surprise, it turned out to be the best movie in the stack. One of the most enjoyable movies I have seen in a while. I bought the normal DVD version of Journey to the Center of the Earth with Brendan Fraser. Nothing fancy. This was not a 3D version.<br /><br />There really was not a boring moment in the entire movie. It was fun, interesting, well written, well acted, well directed and had wonderful visuals and special effects. It was all unique and refreshing. I was glad they did not sour the movie with a bunch of unnecessary and unbelievable subterranean tribes or inhabitants like we see in other movies like this.<br /><br />Definitely a great family movie. No violence... other than that of the creatures they encounter... but that was also a nice feature. No blood, gore or killing of any characters in the entire movie. I really get tired of that in other movies. It is amazing how enjoyable a movie can be without those things.<br /><br />The story was fast paced, kept our interest and exciting to watch. The movie didn't dawdle too long in any one scene. The scenes were fresh, exciting and innovative and not repetitive of any previous movie versions. Anyone who has read my previous reviews knows I do not give out a review like this which is all positive. I usually have complaints even on my most favorite movies... but no negatives on this one on any aspect of it.<br /><br />For those of you who care about these things... the dialogue and gadgets were technically up to date with the times. So you won't have the teens complaining about it being old fashioned. But at the same time, it met all of the needs of the older audiences as well. It was a quality movie.<br /><br />The photography & sets were beautiful and unique. The action and story were fresh. The relationships between the three characters were well written and the actors were all wonderful in their roles. The nephew's role was scripted just right... and you don't often see that. Most movies have the kid too bratty. But they did a great job with this character of Sean as did the actor (Josh) who played him. His relationship with his uncle and his interactions were well written and acted and quite believable.<br /><br />The luminescent birds were a nice touch. I got a kick out of the ending with the bird. That was great. It is something I would have done in his place... so that was well received by the audience. The CGI barracudas and sea creatures were superb and very realistic. I liked the interaction they had with those nasty looking fish with the really hideous teeth. I remember seeing some fossils with similar teeth... so they were more realistic than most people might think since there isn't anything quite like that today.<br /><br />The magnetic rocks were a fun scene and quite unique. Bravo on the effects of the rock rotating. That was very realistic and would have been overlooked by most directors and special effects experts.<br /><br />But the best CGI scene was the one with the giant Venus flytraps. That was very realistic... and having him wrestle with them was well done.<br /><br />I will say that the mining cart scene was a little over the top. It was more like a Disneyland roller coaster ride. Thrilling effects which made it appear to be the ultimate roller coaster ride... but just a little beyond credibility when it jumped the chasm and all three separated cars landed perfectly on the tracks... Then a few minutes later did an impossible 3 direction split of 3 cars onto 3 tracks simultaneously which could not occur without rail switching, and even then, only one at a time per switch. However, other than taking a bit too much creative license... it was a thrilling scene with a lot of excitement. Same comments on the falling scene. A bit much on the extended falling like dropping out of the sky without a parachute and remaining in the fall for a ridiculous time period (similar to spy kids 3)... but they handled the end of the fall fairly well at the end.<br /><br />We especially thank the writer & director... for once, it was refreshing to see a character bring back the fringe benefits with them at the end of the movie. We really get tired of these movies where they find things like that and then lose them in the end. Finally! Someone got smart and actually brought back the goods and benefited from them. Thank you for not leaving the audience frustrated with the characters stupidity like we see in all the other movies.<br /><br />Very nice ending! The movie was a delight to watch from beginning to end.<br /><br />You'd have to be a real curmudgeon not to like it. I recommend it for everyone... all ages... except curmudgeons who are never satisfied with anything. Leave them at home or wait until they are gone so they don't ruin the enjoyment of the movie for you.ithout rail switching, and even then, only one at a time per switch. However, other than taking a bit too much creative license... it was a thrilling scene with a lot of excitement. Same comments on the falling scene. A bit much on the extended falling like dropping out of the sky without a parachute and remaining in the fall for a ridiculous time period (similar to spy kids 3)... but they handled the end of the fall fairly well at the end.     We especially thank the writer & director... for once, it was refreshing to see a character bring back the fringe benefits with them at the end of the movie. We really get tired of these movies where they find things like that and then lose them in the end. Finally! Someone got smart and actually brought back the goods and benefited from them. Thank you for not leaving the audience frustrated with the characters stupidity like we see in all the other movies.     Very nice ending! The movie was a delight to watch from beginning to end.     You'd have to be a real curmudgeon not to like it. I recommend it for everyone... all ages... except curmudgeons who are never satisfied with anything. Leave them at home or wait until they are gone so they don't ruin the enjoyment of the movie for you.
B000002UY3|5.0|There are many female vocalists in the music industry but very few who sing with the beauty and grace of Hope Sandoval.
0571238343|4.0|I took about 5 days to get through this book. It is clear that Mr. Williams knows his craft. It is written well enough, beginning with simple examples and progressively getting more complicated. By the time you reach pg.300, you'll get into the more fun stuff. At times he does preach a little, and drops some names to emphasize his point, but I overlook that knowing he's trying to drive the concept home.          For example, the author spends a lot of time discussing the 'walk' and proceeds to show you as many ways of doing it as to put one to sleep. In hindsight though, it's all for a good cause. He specifically says that if the animator masters the walk cycle, the rest will fall into place. Other area's discuss dialogue, snaps and whips, as well as accents and anticipations.        Perhaps the best part was the beginning, where he takes time to talk about equipment, forms and animation charts....this goes a long way into helping us to understand the industry language when faced with later examples.       I give this book four stars, not because I found flaw with the text, but because the publisher hit a great pet peeve of mine. Included in the book is a brief CD that talks a little about Richard and his 16 DVD set....the CD was glue dotted to page 379, right on top of a series of drawings. Of course, this led to the page being a bit ripped when i went to pull it off (gently even...having faced this before). When are the companies going to learn that Cd's and security strips should be affixed to the inside cover? This one was blank....        My own area is 3d animation using Maya, but it was my investigation into 2d animation that led me to this book. I am really looking forward to drawing out some frames and will find this to be an invaluable reference in the future. Thanks Richard....great job.    Chris
B0000TB01Y|5.0|CD was a gift for a friend who saw the show with us in San Francisco. Arrived quickly and in good condition. She loved it.
0618526412|4.0|Its reputation as one of the great depressing American novels notwithstanding, \\"The Heart Is A Lonely Hunter\\" offers unexpected riches, presenting the \\"Southern Gothic\\" style at its most accessible and immediate as well as multiple story arcs that flow rather seamlessly toward a common end. Yes, it's depressing, and wantonly so at that. So, too often, is life.<br /><br />The four characters whose story arcs make up \\"The Heart Is A Lonely Hunter\\" converge on one man, friend to all but known by none, a deaf-mute named John Singer. Is it his tranquil, compassionate face that stirs the four divergent characters to seek him out? Or is his voiceless condition an opportunity for them to see in him what they want, and disregard the rest?<br /><br />Carson McCullers was a young woman just finding herself when she published this in 1940. Knowing this, it's easy to recognize her in the character of Mick Kelly, a young girl taking a larger view of life through art. In Mick's case, music is her muse.<br /><br />At one point Mick catches an orchestral piece on Singer's radio. What Singer is doing with a radio is just one of many questions that identify him as a kind of secular Christ-figure, finding joy only by giving to others. Mick's reaction seems to capture some of the pain behind McCullers' worldview.<br /><br />\\"Wonderful music like this was the worst hurt there could be. The whole world was this symphony, and there was not enough of her to listen.\\"<br /><br />Some will find that sentiment twee and quaint, but it is backed up by a book that seems to work like a symphonic piece, its four movements running simultaneously rather than sequentially, and assorted common motifs and themes darting in and out. One can't help thinking of a Robert Altman film, or a really good episode of \\"The Office\\", working their magic along similar lines. But McCullers got there first.<br /><br />What doesn't move me? I thought the ending a little abrupt and too \\"Richard Cory\\" for its own good. Others say it's the book's greatest moment, but to me it was a cheap out. Mick has a sexual experience so tastefully written it seems to take place only in her head, though I don't think that was the author's intention. The character I was most interested in, caf&eacute; owner Biff Brannon, is never developed in the same deep way as the other three core players and seemed mostly employed as a narrative device for processing observations.<br /><br />\\"Do not attempt to stand alone\\" says the black Marxist, Doctor Copeland, even though its advice he's in no position to heed. His story, and that of the more radically-minded Jake Blount, give the novel much of its passion, its best lines, and root it firmly in the pre-World War II period where depression at home and fascism abroad were challenging what Americans believed about themselves. McCullers is too smart and too focused to allow communism to be presented as the be-all answer; it's one of the book's many ironies that two such like-minded fellows find so much about which they can violently disagree.<br /><br />The book is, like the title suggests, an essay on loneliness, one that sidesteps incident (though wild things do happen) for character and an overriding sense of existential ache. It's not everyone's cup of tea, but blue-minded people will find a lot to commiserate with here.me it was a cheap out. Mick has a sexual experience so tastefully written it seems to take place only in her head, though I don't think that was the author's intention. The character I was most interested in, caf owner Biff Brannon, is never developed in the same deep way as the other three core players and seemed mostly employed as a narrative device for processing observations.    \\"Do not attempt to stand alone\\" says the black Marxist, Doctor Copeland, even though its advice he's in no position to heed. His story, and that of the more radically-minded Jake Blount, give the novel much of its passion, its best lines, and root it firmly in the pre-World War II period where depression at home and fascism abroad were challenging what Americans believed about themselves. McCullers is too smart and too focused to allow communism to be presented as the be-all answer; it's one of the book's many ironies that two such like-minded fellows find so much about which they can violently disagree.    The book is, like the title suggests, an essay on loneliness, one that sidesteps incident (though wild things do happen) for character and an overriding sense of existential ache. It's not everyone's cup of tea, but blue-minded people will find a lot to commiserate with here.
B001TZQITM|5.0|This is a very high quality camera/camcorder case. It is very well padded to keep everything inside safe. I especially like the hard shell bottom of the case. This will help keep the bag from getting wet and help with wear and tear. It has enough room for your main camera, its accessories and a little extra all without being bulky. I would recommend this case as well as give it as a gift.<br /><br />- Very good quality construction<br />- Well padded to keep contents safe<br />- Hard bottom to protect from liquids and wear and tear.<br />- Extra pockets to keep SD cards etc.<br />- Plenty of room for Camera and accessories without being too large to take along<br />- Stable case sits upright without tipping<br />- A lot nicer than the cases that come with your device.<br />- Excellent value for the price.
B0018PJEYY|5.0|I bought Days of Future Passed though Every Good Boy on newly remastered CD.    Outtanding sound.  I love these remasters.  So much for 16 bits when you can have these masters.    The sound is mindblowing if you have a good enough system.  It also blows my mind how good the recording were given the late sixties and early seventies.  You can hear the 6 or so vocal tracks.  Others doubled their voices...like the Doors did with Morrison but Hearing the quad voices in these albums is special.  Anyone interested in the state of the art recording of the time along with the change the world psychedelic spiritualism these are treasures.  Each album has it's own merits.  Revisiting Question of Balance is fun forty years later.  \\"just open you eyrs and you will find how it's always been!\\"  It brings back how much we believed that we would change the world in 1970, long before the time when the music industry became \\"only the money matters\\" business.  Revisit when the dream was pure.  The sonic quality is outstanding.  If you have the system this is worth the upgrade to hear the beauty of the recordings.
B002WIDRM6|5.0|I bought this CD as a gift for hubby, who has become quite the Lady Antebellum fan.  I have to admit I've enjoyed listening to it too.
B0000DZ3EN|5.0|Let's make a little background. I am a huge fan of sci-fi, adventures and romantic-comedy genres, but cartoons are very special to me. As a cartoon lover, Disney movies -and Disney brand in general- are such a genre that always delights me. So, since I was a child, I was acustomed to all what my parents put on TV about Disney. So,it was inevitably caught by the influence of Disney's \\"freak movies-era\\", mainly by two movies: The Watcher in the Woods and this one -Return to Oz. Of course I was watched the musical classic -The Wizard of Oz, with the star-icon Judy Garland- and I must said I really enjoy such movie. But this one, Return to Oz, is the one who had put its influence in most of the things I remember as a child, and whose really terrific and vivid scenes influenced in my creative development. So, when I'd got the chance to acquire this movie from Amazon, I had no doubt about the purchase. Wonderfully, the product got at home in less than ten days -the web page says it usually takes between two or three weeks to arrive home-, a very good surprise. Well, I just waited one day to open the package and release the DVD case. I was so delighted: the movie I used to watched as a child almost 23 years ago, was in my hands again, and in the best quality it is available to be acquired. So, since the moment I put it on the DVD player, I got totally hypnotized, as memories from the past came to my mind: since the first scene, when the main titles appears on the screen, in bright-green colors, as the camera makes a paneo of the Dorothy's room troughout the mirror -what a intriguing movie intro!- was just the beginning to a sea of thoughts, sensations, recurrent visions which have with me since then, etc... all of that came to me, in seconds. I couldn't believe it then and now, that I finally got the movie, that movie that accompanied me as a child, and now as a young adult, I am thrilled as the first day a watched it, but I can appreciate it more now, because I can see, in detail, all the backgrounds, the special effects, scene sequences, and of course the dialogues and characterizations. WHAT A GREAT MOVIE IS THIS ONE!! And, what can I say about the high-intensively vivid scenes, as the one in which Dorothy is chased by the Wheleers in a ruined Emerald City, until she gets into the princess Mombi's palace; or when she meets princess Mombi, passing trough the Hall of Heads, until she stole the Powder of Life from the cabinet in which the main head -princess Mombi's head itself- is kept in there, and screams \\"DOROTHY GALEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!\\" with that really scary yell?? Or when she is inside the Hall of Ornaments, in a very desperated situation to look for the ornament in which the Scarecrow -the ruler of Oz at the moment the Emeral City was taken- was converted by the Gnome King? Oh, we have dramatic scenes, too! One of the most touchy in the movie is when Dorothy, after been grabbed by Mombi, is taken to a room in the top of her Palace -apparently a child's room, surrounded by toys but garbage, too; once in there, she takes a slow look of the room and, suddenly, Dorothy -exceptionally well played by a very young Fairuza Balk- stops while the camera guides the spectador to what Dorothy is looking directly: a big paint in which our beloved characters the Scarecrow (with his crown), the Tin-Man and the Cowardly Lion are in there, smiling to her, just in the moment we feel what Dorothy is experimenting in that specific moment: a vague nostalgia about their friendship, and the lack of strenght because she -and us, as we form part of the movie, too- cannot do anything to find a way to save them -all in Oz was became into stone- and the sadness invades us... but then, a crisp of strenght appears when Dorothy realises that the Gnome King's mountain is straigh ahead -takin a look from a big window- and, surprisingly, Jack Pumpkinghead appears on screen... and then, the idea of scaping and save Oz gives us a light of hope. Wow!! What a great movie is this one!!  Well, after these words, I just can recommend you this movie, touchy, scary, but, all in all, magical and realistic, closer to the Frank L. Baum's vision of what Oz is presented in his books, and a movie for all ages -well, maybe not for little ones ;). I mean, even with the wave of technology we can appreciate nowadays, if your children watch this movie now, we can swear it was made using the best technology currently available -but avoiding cgi ;P. In fact, this movie was made using the best technology avaiable then -based in Animatronics, miniatures, etc.  Please, to all of you who have grown with Disney, or just if you are a geek sci-fi-movie fan, take a look to this sparkling cult gem. You will get astonished!!  And, of course, buy through Amazon. It is really secure and fast. I live in Mexico, so find such kind of movies is a bit difficult, but TG we have Amazon; nice delivery service and good prices. Highly recommended to find and buy products. And about the movie, just give you the chance to purchase and watch it :D -a reminding and a refreshment of what great movies are made of!!  Thanks for reading this review!!    [[ASIN:B0000DZ3EN Return to Oz]]
0393072231|1.0|I just finished The Big Short a few minutes ago, and all I can say is Michael Lewis has a very short memory.  Lewis was a proud champion of derivatives in 2007. In an article for Bloomberg he wrote the following about economists concerned with the abuse of derivative contracts: \\"None of them seemed to understand that when you create a derivative you don't add to the sum total of risk in the financial world; you merely create a means for redistributing that risk.\\"  That is of course, a crock, since the risk was being redistributed to a series of contract parties, each of which was overly leveraged, and all of which tried to shift their risk by accepting trades with MORE leveraged parties!  And what did Lewis say about economists concerned with this giant ponzi? That they were  \\"pointless skeptics.\\"  Caution be damned, right?     All of a sudden, those same \\"pointless skeptics\\" are the voice of reason in The Big Short. Never mind that Lewis previously chastised those same economists as not understanding derivatives!
B001E2JNA6|5.0|Truly this blu-ray high definition Pride & Prejudice restoration is most remarkable:  crystal-clear, bright, beautiful, dazzling.  Every character's photography looks exceptional--the costuming, the lace, hair and skin, the eyes and lips, not to mention the foregrounds and the backgrounds.  The leaves and flowers, the brickwork outlining the Regency architecture, the oil paintings and room decor--all so clear that the picture appears almost 3-D.  This photographic restoration has been masterfully accomplished, even better than that of Gone With the Wind.  The subtitles keep up with the dialogue and are brightly displayed.    As to the quality of the translation of this Jane Austin classic to the screen, from the hundreds of five-star reviews posted, this adaptation of Pride & Prejudice is enormously popular.  Finally here is the restored version that you will want to watch over and over again!
1423119509|4.0|This is not a book review, simply a product review. I purchased the collection as a gift for my 12 year old. The items were packed well and arrived undamaged. The case was nicely designed, made of heavy chipboard, and a neat feature but not essential to me. The books themselves were hardcovers with attractive dust covers. My daughter was thrilled with the set and I feel it was a very good value and a great gift.
1400064287|5.0|Definitely a how-to book with back-up research. I borrowed this from my local library, and now I'm buying my own copy. I will definitely be using it over and over and over. First, I thought that the SUCCESs tips were self-explanatory. Reading this gave me a new view of what's Simple, Unexpected, Concrete, Credible, Emotional and Stories. I have to say my favorite chapter is the first one (Simple). Who knew simple can be much simpler?!
0061922315|4.0|Secret Daughter is a sprawling novel, spanning 25 years in the lives of two families.  The Merchants are an impoverished family living in India.  The Thakkars are a wealthy family living in San Francisco.  These two families' lives intersect in an unlikely way - they share a daughter.  The Merchants are too poor to afford a daughter (and her future dowry) so Kavita Merchant, the illiterate wife of Jasu, decides to clandestinely bring her newborn daughter Usha to a Bombay orphanage in order to save the baby's life from infanticide.  Somer and Krishnan Thakkar are both Stanford educated doctors who seem to have everything except fertility.  Indian-born Krishnan convinces his American wife Somer to adopt a baby from an Indian orphanage after the couple receives devastating news that Somer will never be able to have biological children.  The Thakkars adopt Usha - renamed Asha by the orphanage - and give her a privileged life in America.  Meanwhile, the Merchants struggle in India to better themselves, despite their rural origins, illiteracy, and poverty.  As the years pass, Asha struggles with her identity, having been shielded from India and often wondering where she gets her unusual eyes.  She feels that her family does not understand her and wonders if it is because they are not biologically related.  Ultimately Asha travels to India on scholarship while the lives of the Thakkars and Merchants unravel and the parents - Kavita and Jasu Merchant and Somer and Krishnan Thakkar - seek self-awareness as they reach middle age and their children become adults.<br /><br />The novel covers many themes, most particularly infertility, intercultural marriage, poverty, the \\"two Indias\\" (i.e. the rich India of the Thakkars and the poor India of the Merchants), and adoption.  What distinguishes this novel from others, I think, is Asha's perspective - that of an adoptee into a wealthy Indian family who discovers that she was very lucky to have been adopted.<br /><br />I thought the best part of Secret Daughter was the second half, when Asha travels to India.  I could very much relate to Asha's perspective of India, having spent several months living in Bombay.  I remember encountering many of the same things she did and I thought the perspective of the long-term outsider was dead on.  The novel was thought provoking - while I sympathized with Kavita for having to give up her daughter, it was hard not to feel that Asha was much better off with the Thakkars.  Fortunately, the novel did a good job of pointing out that Asha was also lucky compared to the other children in the orphanage, as most find themselves on the streets at 16 with little to no prospects for the future.<br /><br />In sum, Secret Daughter was a good read.  It is a good addition to the growing genre of ABCD (American Born, Confused Desi) fiction.ecret Daughter was the second half, when Asha travels to India.  I could very much relate to Asha's perspective of India, having spent several months living in Bombay.  I remember encountering many of the same things she did and I thought the perspective of the long-term outsider was dead on.  The novel was thought provoking - while I sympathized with Kavita for having to give up her daughter, it was hard not to feel that Asha was much better off with the Thakkars.  Fortunately, the novel did a good job of pointing out that Asha was also lucky compared to the other children in the orphanage, as most find themselves on the streets at 16 with little to no prospects for the future.      In sum, Secret Daughter was a good read.   It is a good addition to the growing genre of ABCD (American Born, Confused Desi) fiction.
0691142165|3.0|Rogoff might be right that there is a constant in our repeating of financial follies, but it doesn't really deal with the the real constant and that is: why do we have boom and bust cycles? In other words, why do we lurch from short term stabilty to unstability and back again. The best research and essay on this is H. Minsky's Stabilizing an Unstable Economy. Here, Minsky details exactly what the problems are and the solutions.There is no need to review 800 years of history because it doesn't matter. What matters is that Minsky gives us an agenda for reform and an approach that should help us deal with the inchorence of present economic theory. 800 years of smoothing out history just won't do as an analysis or explain the misbehavior of markets and economies.  ACEMAN
006621131X|5.0|Great book! A well written account of a unique and creative partnership. Patti Smith captures the grit and wonder of the late 60's / 70's New York City art and music world with the charm, wit and tenderness of an extremely talented insider.
B0035G9ABQ|3.0|Perhaps it is Albarn and company's having set the bar so high that caused this record to land with such a resounding thud in my cd player.  The first Gorillaz disc was an astonishing amalgamation of styles that recalled the Clash's genre-bending \\"Sandinista\\".  \\"Demon Days\\" was a less playful, but more fully realized concept album that showed remarkable artistic growth.  Both discs are marked by inspired musical risk-taking that is absent from \\"Plastic Beach.\\"  There is too much talent here not to produce some good music as other reviewers have pointed out.  What made the other albums so rewarding, however, was they always could surprise you with their twists and turns- the way the ethereal \\"Don't Get Lost In Heaven\\" morphed into the gospel reggae of \\"Demon Days\\" or the Spanish vocals that anchored \\"Latin Simone\\" for instance.  On \\"Plastic Beach\\" one mid-tempo, retro-synth laden tune follows another.  The lyrical conceit seems half-formed and, unlike the previous disc, the \\"guests\\" seem to distract from it more than propel it along.  I will still enjoy tracks like \\"White Flag\\" and \\"Stylo,\\" but this disc is a distant third in the Gorillaz catalog.  Hopefully, it only marks a momentary lack of focus and not the demise of one of the most rewarding musical projects of the last decade.
B001H3TUZK|2.0|I have heard this album many times. I have to say, the vinyl release sounds incredible, its mixed and mastered very well and the music is very 'present' with great soundstaging. There is one major issue though..     My 2nd disc is defective. It sounds like it is made out of dust, even after mutlitple thorough cleanings. I have tried listening to that disc twice now and it sounds like it is made of dust and held together by static cling...highly disappointing for a $43 album to have so much white noise its not listenable. I promise this isnt my gear...other 'new' vinyl plays and sounds fine with only very occasional and minor white noise.     I'm not entirely sure how to proceed. The 2nd disc sounds absolutely terrible! I hate feeling like I've wasted money.
0385341008|5.0|How could a novel that contains only correspondence via letters be so engaging, heartrending and inspiring? I recommend you read this book to find out.<br /><br />Through the fictional letters of the inhabitants of the island of Guernsey we learn of their struggles to survive the Nazi occupation of their island in World War II. There is a colorful cast of characters on the island and you are drawn into their stories and want to keep reading the letters to find out more about them. The letters contain tragic, heartbreaking accounts of the cruelty of war, as well as humorous and uplifting tales. I was moved by the everyday heroes in this book that came together in order to survive and thrive under the oppression of the German army.<br /><br />The odd name of the book made we think twice about reading it, but the story behind the name is really clever and the entire book is an enjoyable, quick read.
0440219078|4.0|The Giver by Lois Lowry is a small book that takes you on a an incredible ride. It's not a new book, it was written in 1993. I think I was twelve or thirteen when I first read it, but it's an excellent book for adults to read as well.    I can confidently say that this book is my favourite book. I don't think I've ever used my imagination as much as I have reading this book.     I can tell you that it's science fiction related, but is mainly about sociology and the social order of humanity.  The story revolves around an 11 year old boy as he gets `assigned' his life's task turning twelve. As he learns the ways of this new task from The Giver; he slowly learns the horrible truth.    I'm leaving it at that. It's only 193 pages, a real easy read; but one that will forever mark you.    ~Darleya~  (if you liked my review, I review all sorts of things ranging from household products, board games, even beauty products; all honest and to-the-point reviews. My site is called stuffed ashes. Stuffed ashes dot come, all together)
B0036EH3WK|5.0|Contrary to some confused reviewers, all six seasons will be included in this collection.  Since the newest season is not yet complete, they can not list a synopsis in the product description.  That being said, Lost is the most original and creative television series of all time, and I'm sure this collection will be bursting with easter eggs and plenty of behind the scenes info for die hard fans.<br />Also, the extra features are A-MAZING!  There are so many easter eggs and fun mysteries to discover in the package itself!  Really a fabulous Lost set, perfect for any fan of the show.  I enjoyed this collection so much, don't miss out on a great piece of television history.
B002FQOI0A|4.0|This book was excellent for middle school students. I am in eighth grader myself and this book was thrilling. It is a page turner, one that I finished in three days. I hibhly recommend this book. My rating: 4 and 1\2 stars out of 5.
B000DWMN2S|2.0|*** This review may contain spoilers ***<br /><br />'Everything is Illuminated\\" is a story based on a novel by Jonathan Safran Foer who made a trip to Ukraine in 1999 to research his family history. His experiences form the basis for the novel and the subsequent screenplay, mainly penned by the film's director, well-known actor, Liev Schreiber. In the novel, Jonathan is a writer but Schreiber turns him into a very quirky caricature who is obsessed with collecting things related to his family (the 'heirlooms'--and I'm being very generous in using that word to describe what Jonathan collects--are basically anything that this oddball deems interesting). He places everything he collects in plastic baggies and then pins them on his wall at home (by the way, we never find out what this guy does for a living or if he has any friends).<br /><br />The inciting incident involves Jonathan's grandmother (who while on her deathbed) gives her grandson a picture of his grandfather standing next to a mysterious woman named Augustine. The picture is dated 1940 and was taken in an unknown town in Ukraine. It seems that Jonathan's grandfather managed to escape to the United States right before the Holocaust with the hope that he might be able to arrange for his pregnant first wife (the woman in the picture, Augustine) to soon follow him. Schreiber tells us that Jonathan's grandfather left a week before Augustine is murdered by the Nazis. It would seem extremely unlikely that he would have a) left his wife and/or b) successfully made it to the United States given that the vast majority of Jews had no means of leaving Ukraine and escaping the Nazis, especially with one week before the invasion and subsequent occupation.<br /><br />The break into the second act of the story occurs when Jonathan arrives in Ukraine and meets Alex, his genial tour guide whose command of the English language serves as the butt of many jokes throughout the film. Schrieber informs us that the grandfather, who acts as the driver, began the business back in the 50s, taking rich Jews around so that they can research their family history. Unfortunately, Schreiber gets his facts wrong since such tours would never have been permitted back then since Ukraine was a satellite of the Soviet Union (nor did Jews make pilgrimages to Ukraine to research their family history at that point in time) Much of the film's humor falls flat, especially in regards to Alex's linguistic gaffes. \\"The seeing eye bitch\\" (which refers to the 'demented' family dog) is one line which seems to be repeated too many times. Other malapropisms include Alex's reference to his brother as \\"miniature' instead of \\"younger\\" and the 'rigid search' for Jonathan's roots in place of 'comprehensive'. Instead of 'sleep', Alex manages to substitute the more difficult 'repose', which may be the screenwriter's way of suggesting that the character is trying to sound smarter than he is.<br /><br />Certainly the Ukrainians don't come off very well in this film. Schreiber (or perhaps Foer also--I haven't read the book) harp on the Ukrainians' shock at the fact that Jonathan is a vegetarian--they simply can't imagine anyone not eating meat. More damaging is Schreiber's observation that the Ukrainian family (represented by Alex and his father and grandfather) are inherently violent. Alex's father is seen slugging him at the beginning of the film--and later the grandfather attacks Alex after Alex attacks the family dog. The attempt here is to view Jonathan's hosts as affectionate--but more often than not, they come off as surly and unsympathetic.<br /><br />After all the failed attempts at comedy, the last quarter of the film changes gears and we're asked to take the goofy Jonathan and Alex much more seriously. They discover Augustine's elderly sister, Lista, living off the beaten track in a house hidden by a grove of perfectly kept sunflowers (while the impractical Lista has never been in a car in her entire life, one wonders how she keeps her sunflowers so perfectly arranged). It's Lista who reveals that Augustine was married to Jonathan's grandfather and was murdered by the Nazis along with her father, who refused to spit on the Torah as ordered by his executioners. One wonders how Lista herself escaped as she is clearly Jewish (she too is a 'collector' like Jonathan, saving the buried artifacts of the once thriving Jewish community she used to be part of).<br /><br />Lista ends up having a 'private' conversation with Alex's grandfather which triggers his repressed memories: it turns out the grandfather actually was Jewish himself and was left for dead after facing a Nazi firing squad. In the book, the grandfather is a non-Jew who must save his own family by turning in Jews; Schreiber creates a more unlikely portrait of the grandfather, a guilt-ridden Jew, who ends up committing suicide. I just couldn't buy how this irascible older codger would suddenly feel pangs of guilt (after such a long period of time) and do himself in.<br /><br />Finally I'm told that the memorial for the Jews that Jonathan, Alex and his grandfather discover in the empty field is not something that is likely to be found in Western Ukraine. As one Ukrainian Jewish poster has pointed out, there are more monuments to the murderers to be found there than monuments to victims of the Holocaust.<br /><br />While it's certainly admirable that Schreiber has done a service in once again reminding film-goers of the horrors of the Holocaust, implausibly turning Alex and his family into observant Jews after a lifetime of regarding Jewish people with suspicion, seems to be a pointless exercise in wish fulfillment. One is further disappointed with Schreiber's portrait of his detached protagonist--the quirky Jonathan--who never is believable as a real person and has no real moments of growth. In the end, the 'culture clash' between Ukrainian/Russian and Western sensibilities is decidedly weighted against the Ukrainians and the Holocaust is 'illuminated' through the unlikely suicide of one of its victims.arranged). It's Lista who reveals that Augustine was married to Jonathan's grandfather and was murdered by the Nazis along with her father, who refused to spit on the Torah as ordered by his executioners. One wonders how Lista herself escaped as she is clearly Jewish (she too is a 'collector' like Jonathan, saving the buried artifacts of the once thriving Jewish community she used to be part of).    Lista ends up having a 'private' conversation with Alex's grandfather which triggers his repressed memories: it turns out the grandfather actually was Jewish himself and was left for dead after facing a Nazi firing squad. In the book, the grandfather is a non-Jew who must save his own family by turning in Jews; Schreiber creates a more unlikely portrait of the grandfather, a guilt-ridden Jew, who ends up committing suicide. I just couldn't buy how this irascible older codger would suddenly feel pangs of guilt (after such a long period of time) and do himself in.    Finally I'm told that the memorial for the Jews that Jonathan, Alex and his grandfather discover in the empty field is not something that is likely to be found in Western Ukraine. As one Ukrainian Jewish poster has pointed out, there are more monuments to the murderers to be found there than monuments to victims of the Holocaust.    While it's certainly admirable that Schreiber has done a service in once again reminding film-goers of the horrors of the Holocaust, implausibly turning Alex and his family into observant Jews after a lifetime of regarding Jewish people with suspicion, seems to be a pointless exercise in wish fulfillment. One is further disappointed with Schreiber's portrait of his detached protagonist--the quirky Jonathan--who never is believable as a real person and has no real moments of growth. In the end, the 'culture clash' between Ukrainian/Russian and Western sensibilities is decidedly weighted against the Ukrainians and the Holocaust is 'illuminated' through the unlikely suicide of one ofits victims.
1400052173|4.0|Other reviewers have covered the basics of this book already.  The author combines the story of Henrietta Lacks, whose cells are the foundation of an industry and the source of many medical breakthroughs, with the story of the Lacks family and how she came to know them.  There are serious social issues here, and a good story.<br /><br />The book most similar to this one is Anne Fadiman's The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down, in which the author gets to know the family of a girl at the center of a medical tragedy and cultural misunderstanding.  The clash between the patient's family and culture and the medical culture is similar.  The personal connection between the author and the family is similarly vital to both books.<br /><br />Some of the differences:  Rebecca Skloot is a bit heavier-handed in making some of her points.  She also includes a much more complete set of footnotes and sources - possibly reflecting the changes in the 15 years that separate the two books in how much trust we are willing to put in authors.<br /><br />So, should you read this book or is the extensive coverage in the media enough to acquaint you with the story?<br /><br />The story is much more complex and somewhat more interesting thatn the journalistic summary of it.  It's a bit too long, in my opinion.  But if Skloot had condensed her material on the family's fate and on how she got them to trust her, would we have believed it?  Perhaps not.
B002XMGGK6|3.0|Everything about this movie feels placed there to move the screenplay along.  The performances aren't rushed but they feel imperfect as does the editing and general pacing which just clips along pushing plot points.  The story told is a rehash of other material with some new modern facets thrown in.  This film isn't horrible it is quite competent as revenge fantasies go but the level of inhumanity one has to suffer in the course of this thoroughly acceptable thriller doesn't add up to enough to make the ride worth it in the end.
1401300529|3.0|Fans of Halberstam will immediately recognize his writing by the research.  Detailing the events leading up to the Korean War and analyzing the personalities and motivations behind the decisions made before and during the conflict makes for an interesting read.  What one must be comfortable with in reading The Coldest Winter, though, are the lengthy digressions.  One gets the impression that telling the story of the Korean War is incidental to the author's primary motivation for writing this book: to examine the political decisions and military miscalculations on both sides and to enlighten the reader as to what drove those decisions.<br /><br />The prose is vintage Halberstam - clear, crisp and easy to read.  And like all of the author's works, the book is painstakingly and meticulously researched.  That said, the author spends far too much time on the back story.  When he relates an event in history he tends to provide much context and then goes off on various tangents, the relevance of which can be difficult to discern.<br /><br />Make no mistake: Some of the analysis is interesting, particularly that which illuminates the idiosyncratic personalities of the decision-makers, but much of it seems unfocused. Perhaps this can be attributed in large part to bad editing.<br /><br />The Coldest Winter reveals a great deal about the causes of the war. Additionally, the heretofore unknown facts and interesting insights into the larger-than-life characters that figured so prominently in politics, foreign policy and military affairs during this period make the book worthwhile.  One has to wonder though how many of the 736 pages are necessary to tell the story of the Korean War, a conflict that spans only 37 months. There is perhaps too much context.  For instance, for a better understanding of the events leading up to our entry into the war, why do we need to know about Secretary of State Dean Acheson's affinity for the liberal left and defense of Alger Hiss?  How much of that is relevant to Truman's decision to commit forces to the Korean peninsula?  How much of the author's steady criticism of General Douglas MacArthur's leadership and decision-making is really necessary?<br /><br />Being a military history buff, I would have liked to see more analysis of the battles and less of the personalities.<br /><br />Halberstam excoriates MacArthur in this his final book before his untimely death in an auto accident in 2007. One might conclude from reading The Coldest Winter that Halberstam has an intense dislike and even disdain for the commander of U.N. forces.  It comes across as 'personal' with the author.  While MacArthur made significant errors (in spite of a brilliant decision to outflank the North Korean Army at Inchon), most notably relative to a miscalculation of Chinese intentions to enter the war, he deserves far better treatment for what on balance and over a lifetime was his incomparable and singularly dignified devotion to his country.  More to the point, MacArthur's performance was arguably but one factor in a tragic and avoidable loss of some 3.5 million lives in a brutal conflict characterized as much for the unforgiving terrain and weather as for the vicious close fighting.  Kim Il-sung's unprovoked assault into South Korea to 'reunify the fatherland' clearly surpasses MacArthur's decisions among the greatest military blunders of the 20th century.<br /><br />None of this is intended to discredit what is a good narrative of the key events of this period. A word of caution to readers: This is not a book that will keep you on the edge of your couch for hours on end - not a nail-biter, to be sure.  Instead, it is a slow, plodding and lengthy read.<br /><br />Not on a par with its Viet Nam era counterpart, The Best and The Brightest, but on the whole not bad.ruman's decision to commit forces to the Korean peninsula?  How much of the author's steady criticism of General Douglas MacArthur's leadership and decision-making is really necessary?    Being a military history buff, I would have liked to see more analysis of the battles and less of the personalities.    Halberstam excoriates MacArthur in this his final book before his untimely death in an auto accident in 2007. One might conclude from reading The Coldest Winter that Halberstam has an intense dislike and even disdain for the commander of U.N. forces.  It comes across as 'personal' with the author.  While MacArthur made significant errors (in spite of a brilliant decision to outflank the North Korean Army at Inchon), most notably relative to a miscalculation of Chinese intentions to enter the war, he deserves far better treatment for what on balance and over a lifetime was his incomparable and singularly dignified devotion to his country.  More to the point, MacArthur's performance was arguably but one factor in a tragic and avoidable loss of some 3.5 million lives in a brutal conflict characterized as much for the unforgiving terrain and weather as for the vicious close fighting.  Kim Il-sung's unprovoked assault into South Korea to 'reunify the fatherland' clearly surpasses MacArthur's decisions among the greatest military blunders of the 20th century.    None of this is intended to discredit what is a good narrative of the key events of this period. A word of caution to readers: This is not a book that will keep you on the edge of your couch for hours on end - not a nail-biter, to be sure.  Instead, it is a slow, plodding and lengthy read.      Not on a par with its Viet Nam era counterpart, The Best and The Brightest, but on the whole not bad.
B00005O3VD|5.0|This was my introduction to Barbra in the 1960s and it holds its' own today. Just a great film, wonderful music and terrific costumes.
0061537934|5.0|I just loved \\"The Art of Racing in the Rain\\".  It was difficult to put down and I hated for the story to end.  I really love dogs, but even if you never had a dog, or don't particularly like them, this story is much more than a story told by a dog.  It affects you in positive ways, and also makes you think and ponder about life itself. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
1439130833|2.0|What a horrible binding, little tear-off sheets instead of a nice daily meditation book with regular binding.  Yuk!  Shame on you, Rhonda Byrne.<br /><br />Dean Stewart
0060558121|5.0|I really enjoy Neil's dark sense of humor. I've read most of his works and American Gods is no exception, it is most assuredly good fantasy, but with a great satirical feel to it that kept me going strong to the very end. Highly recommended.
1595141979|5.0|Love this series can't wait to read more.  The dynamics between the characters is fantastic and there is always a surprise in the plot.
0393072231|5.0|This is just another great book by Michael Lewis. It really illustrates how the banks used our money, our homes and our lives to make money at virtually no risk to themselves. It is amazing how they convinced the rating agencies and AIG to participate in their scheme. If a person did what they did, they would be jailed.     Everyone should read this book.
B000AMJC2K|5.0|We used this in our company for someone who needs her PC's 20\\" LCD monitor lower, but also has to move it out of the way occasionally. This model fit the bill perfectly. It was easy to install, clamping to the desk without any additional tools or drilling. The person using it can get it to just the right height without having to resort to tools, and it swings out of the way when she needs more desk space. The unit is solid and feels like it could take some abuse. The only ding I give it is the ability to tilt; for that, a hex wrench is needed. OTOH, we have never needed to do that after the initial setup, so a fatal flaw it isn't. I would give it 4.5 stars, but I'll round up to 5.
0307266303|5.0|I learned about 'Born To Run' from a local store here in NC that is selling the vibram fivefingers.  I honestly wasn't sure what to expect when I bought this book.  Once I began reading it, I couldn't put it down!      Prior to reading this book, I ran three miles, three days per week, pushing myself to run five miles, an additional day per week.  After reading this book, I began running five miles just about everyday and seven miles one of those days.  Like other reviews said, my calves did kill me the first 2 weeks of implementing the new running style.  Prior to reading the book, I was beginning to have pains in my left heel.  I was worried I would eventually have to stop running in order for my heel to heal.  Once I started running the new running style, my heal got better and quite hurting all together.  I agree with the author.  If I feel a pain while running, I go through my check list of what I may be doing wrong, make the necessary corrections and notice the pain goes away.    I've been told, vibram is coming out with an additional style of the fivefingers in August.  I'm planning on purchasing the shoe at that time.    This book is a MUST read!
B002U33GUQ|5.0|This double-CD release from Brad Mehldau offers a variety of settings: Brad solo piano (one track); duet between Brad and Joshua Redman on tenor sax (one track); Mehldau trio (Larry Grenadier on acoustic bass and either Jeff Ballard and/or Matt Chamberlain on drums and/or percussions) (three tracks); Mehldau trio plus Joshua Redman (three tracks); Mehldau trio plus Joshua Redman and a chamber orchestra (five tracks); two tracks with the chamber orchestra only. Settings assorted as to describe a variety of landscapes, from joyful atmospheres to dark scenarios in a continuous up and down of sounds and musical ideas (all Brad original compositions). A musical travel between the easier pieces in trio and with Redman (in some ways vaguely recalling their Moodswing 1994 recording) to the slower and often shady orchestral parts. If you like the more conventional jazz releases of Mehldau (solo, trio, duo and quartet with Pat Metheny, duo with Joel Frahm 2004 Don't Explain) and you were disappointed by his 2001 release Largo, maybe this Highway Rider is not for you. If you enjoyed Brad jazz releases as well as Largo, maybe you will like HR too. Just keep in mind that HR is not Largo Part 2 (even if both releases have in common the same producer). While in Largo there is an homogeneous music presentation and you know you are listening to rock-influenced jazz, in HR you are travelling between modern acoustic jazz and something more similar to contemporary classical music with jazz contaminations. Whichever the case, just one attention: HR requires repeated listening to be fully appreciated. At first it's easy to be disoriented by its unpredictability.     One additional comment about sound quality: the music was edited and mixed with some unnatural stereo positioning of instruments and dynamic compression. A similar (but heavier) approach was also used in Largo. The result is less pleasant as compared to other productions capturing the natural ambience of the recording location and the full dynamic range of instruments. Full marks to the music for its originality, 3.5 stars to the recorded sound.
B002VPE1B6|3.0|I am reviewing the product and not the movie. Like everyone else should be. Everyone should be aware that this is this a bare bones bluray that has no special features whatsoever. Its classic Hollywood milking their big movies for everything it has, but from what news I have read they are putting more time into compression(6 weeks as opposed to the usual 2), getting rid of any menu, etc, so that audio and video quality is the very best. I admire Cameron and Landau for this, but its still lazy thanks to FOX. A proper bluray with extras and special features will be coming out in a November release and the 3D version as of this date is most likely coming out 2011. I was really hoping to get my hands on my favorite movie and the most revolutionary movie to date, but then I heard FOX was being lazy with their first release. They could have simply added another disc, but no...    I thought this would be important for many people expecting a proper Avatar release and help some save their money
B002TYZKIM|5.0|This DVD is so special and I am thrilled I bought it because it made me laugh and cry. M J as he is known on this tour was/is in top form.     I feel so sorry for the artists that rehearsed so long and hard then did not get to open the show. BUT  these artists will remember MJ and rehearsals for the rest of their lives, not just for the time spent with him but now they have this special DVD. Everyone (onstage with him) loved him it is obvious    IF you are thinking of buying this and cannot decide  Do  It!      Michael I had forgotten you before seeing this dvd, but your light NEVER dimmed... YOU are the best and no one can top you as far as talent, being a wonderful caring human being and loving the Planet :-)>    barbara
B002HREKCI|5.0|This book was recommended to me by a friend of mine, after I read the premise of the book I was very intrigue not until my birthday last year my cousin was kind enough to give me his credit card in order for me to buy three books and I took the opportunity to buy it.<br /><br />Until this year that I finally sat down and read it and boy let me tell you that after I was done reading it, I couldn't help but to think about stuff that happen to me back then when I was in high school.<br /><br />I cannot say it was 100% a picture perfect read, this book at some points is very frustrating but in a good way but same way frustrating because you know what happens in the end and as much you want to save Hannah is too late. This is book is about the 13 reasons why she ended her life and she wants those 13 peoples to know why she did it.<br /><br />Jay Asher push the envelope with this story and dears you to read chapter by chapter each story, of each person that in someway helped her to end her life so abruptly but he doesn't it give it away easily, each story is part of the puzzle and in the end when you find out what really happens it can leaves your in tears.<br /><br />I like the fact that book was narrated in two points of view one from Clay, a boy who honestly liked Hannah and the other through the tapes that Hannah left behinds. There were times I could literally feel the pain that Clay was feeling and how terrified he was about the idea that he actually may have done something to make Hannah make such a regrettable decision.<br /><br />This is actually one of the must shocking books I've read in a long time and I'm glad I did, and please don't doubt to read it. I can guarantee to you that is not going to be easy but you would finding very emotive, haunting but very a satisfying read.
0393061310|5.0|Tremendous study of the origins of Geopolitical Power and Why the West Became Dominant on the World Stage
0307702413|3.0|This is for the audiobook version.  The Lehman Brothers collapse has far-reaching implications. There's lots of good information in this book to help people get a handle on our current financial mess. It describes part of the elephant, so to speak, but not all of the elephant.  Too often the book rudges through arcane acronyms, but there's probably no way around that. I'm glad I listened to the book because it gave me a good introduction into how the financial markets work.  But I have some major problems with the audiobook.   Two involve the writing style of Lawrence McDonald and Patrick Robinson (it's hard to know who to blame) and the lack of editing by the book editor. It seems if there's a way to say something with four words, McDonald/Robinson find a way to say it with six. As I was listening to the book I kept doing mental editing, trimming a word here, chopping a phrase there. I wonder if they rushed to get it into print so it didn't get the normal amount of editing.  And just as top Lehman executive Richard Fuld needed someone to tell him not to try to grow so quickly in the real estate market, not to get so heavily tied up with securities and to tell him to pay attention to his risk management people, McDonald/Robinson need their literary license to use metaphors revoked. Their use of metaphors wouldn't pass English 101 and especially in the audio version they were clunky. The idea with metaphors is that they fit the general theme of what you're trying to convey. Time after time the metaphors used in this book make no sense.  I have some problems with the audiobook as well. Erik Davies, the reader, has a professional voice. I understood every word he spoke. But frequently his tone did not match the book. McDonald wrote the book with humor but Davies read it straight. It's like he didn't get the joke. Even though McDonald seemed to be dry or writing with sarcasm, the audiobook reader needs to reflect the change in his voice. Davies just read it straight.A more annoying problem was his tone of voice. It seemed to be a cross between the movie trailer narrator Don LaFontaine(\\"In a world where a greedy CEO bullies his risk management staff. . . ) and the bodybuilding lugheads that McDonald so disdains.  Another complaint is that while most of the audio was perfect some of it sounds like they had Davies read sentences or paragraphs while talking into a portable Olympus digital recorder.  But I'm happy I listened to the book. I learned a lot. And I think a lot of other people could learn about the financial markets and the collapse as well by listening to the audibook.
0393072231|2.0|Lewis is a glib and entertaining writer, but I'm afraid the Big Short is an attempt by a famous byline late to the game to pass off a molehill as a mountain. Given the media blitz (60 Minutes, Charlie Rose and, surprisingly and unforgivably, Jon Stewart) this book will be accepted as an authoritative work on the subprime aspect of the credit/finance crisis, but it is not. It misses the truly crucial fun and games, and offers minnows where we need to be fed sharks. Perhaps I'm being unfair, because I was roughly 100 pp. into The Big Short when I paused to watch Lewis's \\"60 Minutes\\" turn, a disgraceful and misleading performance by all concerned, and this engendered a certain skepticism when I returned to the book itself. It was clear that Lewis knew what he was talking about, but equally clear that what he was talking about was what audiences of Shakespeare's time called \\"claptrap to catch the groundlings.\\" This is a perfect yadayadayada  book for sensibilities that pay good money for products endorsed by celebrities, but for the real story of the subprime short, turn to Zuckerman (The Greatest Trade Ever) or Yves Smith's ECONned.  I say this on the basis of having written about finance for thirty years and having worked on Wall Street as an investment-banking partner at Lehman Brothers, before that once-great firm was wrecked by a perfect storm of folly, stupidity and greed.
B000UBMWG4|5.0|This blu-ray set on my Oppo 83 renders an amazing picture.  This is the ultimate collection.  Whichever version you preferred, along with the 2007 version, it is there for you.  Personally I always like the narrated version.
0802136834|5.0|This is one book that I've read and re-read a few times.  It is a fascinating, well-researched book.  If you have an interest in English history, you won't be disappointed.  A great read.
B001BKG9SK|5.0|All the best from Pink Floyd  ( Gilmour and Wright) with a flow of songs that will keep you mesmorized.
B00394DOE8|5.0|Khaled Hosseini has again given us the gift of a heartbreaking novel that exudes hope in the midst of despair. The plight of women in Afghanistan, under the Taliban especially, is exposed in minute and horrifying detail.<br /><br />Two women, Mariam and Laila, each from vastly different backgrounds, come together under the domination of the crude and malicious Rasheed. The terror they live with every day unites them in a bond that transcends even death. Hosseini sensitively and brilliantly gets us into the minds and hearts of these women and brings to life for us a world that westerners can barely imagine.<br /><br />Sarah Bruce Kelly<br />Author of VIVALDI'S MUSE
B0011ZWNF8|5.0|When I read the bad reviews of this album, I wonder if we're talking about the same record. A brilliant blend of speed metal and prog. rock. Isn't that what we've all come to love about Dream Theater? Sure, it's on the heavy side, but that doesn't negate the brilliant compositions and performances. I expected no less. Don't let the haters dissuade you.
B000KKPN5C|5.0|Bought this unit after reading up on [...] just how well it worked for such a little investment. I use it all the time to angle upward and use \\"bounce flash\\" on my Nikon D40. Makes for much better light for indoor than a direct flash. Generally, I angle it up one notch for shooting across the room (12-15 feet) or all the way up for a fairly close-range shot. For those that don't understand the concept, bounce flash basically uses the ceiling as a giant reflector and diffuser for a more natural look. For $120, you wouldn't believe the difference in your photos.    I've also toyed around with using my hand as a reflector, and even an inflated white grocery bag as a diffuser/reflector with some interesting results. It also works great on outdoor shots for a fill flash, so no more shadowed faces on bright sunny days.
0385737947|2.0|This book would have been great IF:<br /><br />1) the characters had some personality<br /><br />2) the main character - Thomas - weren't such a Gary Stu and showed some character development and growth instead of conveniently \\"remembering\\" important information to advance the plot<br /><br />3) the book weren't filled with atrocious made-up slang - \\"shuck-face,\\" really, is this supposed to be cool?<br /><br />4) the villains - Grievers - were actually scary or dangerous<br /><br />5) the maze had some kind of mystery about it and not limited to moving walls and un-threatening prickly Grievers<br /><br />6) the plot weren't based on constant withholding of information by everyone and releasing it 200 pages later than it should have been<br /><br />7) the smartest of the smartest kids actually did something smart and uncovered some mysteries of the maze during the 2 years spent there<br /><br />8) the death of main characters evoked any feeling in readers<br /><br />9) the book weren't so slow-moving (thanks to constant withholding of info) and BORING!<br /><br />In the present form \\"The Maze Runner\\" deserves nothing more than an OK rating for moderately interesting premise. The hype and comparisons to \\"The Hunger Games\\" are unwarranted.
B002GZQYMK|5.0|Best way I can describe.....The Resistance is a squeaky clean Muse ball which rolled down a hill. In it's path it rolled over and picked up some; Queen (heavy Queen influence), Pink Floyd, Chopin (literally), Mozart, Gershwin, David Bowie, Gary Glitter, Philip Glass and  coasted on into modern times with a nicely produced, polished, clean sound meant for cranking through your 500w Bang & Olufsen.     The album theme: Rock Opera. Classic \\"political, media & social brainwash\\"-bashing rock music. Despite having a \\"theme\\", the songs are very diverse, ranging from high energy power rock, to quiet, delicate and precise piano passages. Instrumentation includes obvious band (guitar, bass, drums, vocals), \\"church\\" and \\"rock\\" organ, diverse synthesis, classic grand piano, and real symphonic arrangements weaved throughout.    My favorite pick for 2009, and 2010 so far.    I wouldn't typically encourage potential Amazon customers this, but I bought mine through iTunes for the extra digipak goodie. There's a nice interactive with photos, videos, lyrics and flashy graphics. I'm glad (in this case) I chose the iTunes version.    However you buy it, turn off all the lights, sit center to speakers, turn the volume knob up on your receiver.....keep turning....a little more....press play, and enjoy! (screw the neighbors!!!)
0812550757|4.0|Speaker for the Dead is an indirect sequel to Cards landmark novel Ender's Game. Although Speaker for the Dead is dramatically different than Ender's Game it is still a great read that shouldn't be missed.    In Speaker for the Dead the now middle-age Ender Wiggins goes off to a planet called Lusitania to speak for the deaths of a few people. This means telling the truth of a person's life, not just the good. Right from the beginning this creates drama because his sister Valentine, who he is very close to, doesn't want to travel yet Ender feels obligated to go. Because of time-dilation his sister will age over 20 years during his travel. He must go because not only does he need to speak for the dead, he also has to find a home for the queen bugger and Lusitania looks to be a promising home. Lusitania is home to the only other known alien species called the pequeninos (piggies). Humans inhabit Lusitania only to study the piggies but the humans are not allowed to share any information because that would interrupt their natural progression.    Speaker for the Dead is certainly a good read but it didn't captivate me quite like Ender's Game did. This book is a bit more complex, which is good. Here we have religious and political issues and less action than we had in Ender's Game. This isn't a bad thing though; the issues Card explores are actually pretty interesting.     Don't miss this book!
B002GJT4XW|4.0|This is EXACTLY the same thing you got with the original release of HP&TSS except it has the behind the scenes disc, which is quite interesting and has some great stuff on it. You also get a \\"collectable\\" book and two wizarding cards. Yawn. You also get the \\"Extended Version\\" of the movie, which incorporates all of the deleted scenes in the order they would have appeared. It's a little better than okay, but I have to wonder if the asking price is worth what you end up getting. Oh, the picture and audio on the Blu-Ray are astounding.
B0029LHW68|5.0|This is War is one of the best albums I've heard in a long time.  Every track meshes together perfectly to deliver one of the most unique concept albums ever recorded.  This is War features whispering, vocal chanting by the fans, and some searing hot vocals by Jared Leto, the lead vocalist of the band and, who I was surprised to find out, is a very prominent actor, starring in films ranging from Fight Club to American Psycho, to Lord of War.      This is War was my first experience with 30 Seconds to Mars and I'm very glad it was.  Every song sounds amazing and adds perfectly to the album's feel.  The fan contribution was a brilliant idea and showcases the band's musical genius.  The collaboration with Kanye West for the song Hurricane (not present in certain versions) fits perfectly with the rest of the album rather than sticking out like a sore thumb.  And, last but not least This is War features the perfect composition of slower more winded down songs such as Alibi and high energy ones such as Kings and Queens.      My favorite songs are Escape, even though it's more of an opening track than anything, Search and Destroy, and Alibi, but make no mistake every song on here is epic and delivers the perfect experience.  This album really is like watching a movie.  5 stars!
B0000258CK|5.0|Good memories with this album.Played it at dinner a few nights ago and everyone knew the words.
B00280LYIC|4.0|Thank you so much for this series where the heros are dyslexic kids. Thank you for making it available on the kindle, which is a great tool for dyslexic readers. But were you REALLY lost me was making it so the text-to-speach function doesn't work! Are you kidding? Bummer. Great series, but to limit the access for kids who REALLY need this type of hero in their lives... must have been another nasty game played on us mortals by the \\"gods\\".
0439023483|5.0|Already had a copy.  Purchased this one for a relative.  My son had to read this for school, but I picked it up and could not put it down.  Finished it in about three days and have been recommending it to everyone I know.  Great book.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|I love a good, entertaining, smart show.  I had heard people commenting on Dexter and how brilliant it was and thought I would check it out for myself.    I did have some concerns because I usually am not a fan of anti-hero stories.  However, most anti-hero stories drive me nuts because I can't stand selfish people.  So, I thought I would get into this series and be turned off by Dexter -- a serial killer -- and then end up abandoning the series knowing I at least gave it a fair shot.    Boy, was I wrong!  Dexter isn't selfish; well, he is no more selfish than most \\"normal\\" people, anyways.  One of the first scenes was Dexter catching a man who had murdered a handful of kids and before Dexter killed him he said that, while he was also a killer, he at least had standards.  I found that interesting.    But it isn't just standards.  What I find intriguing is that Dexter kills to saves lives.  Before he kills somebody they must fit a certain code that is distilled on Dexter from his adopted father, Harry.  The code both protects Dexter as well as makes the streets of Miami safer for everybody.  So this is more than vengeance as Dexter won't go after somebody who is not likely to kill somebody else again.  Dexter is a proactive protector of the streets.    What also fascinates me is his relationship with other people.  Dexter is, despite his intentions, a serial killer himself.  And he is concerned that he has an inability to connect with other people, or relate to them, or to experience true feelings of emotion.  But part of \\"Harry's Code\\" is that he needs to hide in plain sight.  He must act the part of being a normal person while being far from normal so as not to cast suspicion on himself.  Therefore, he has a girlfriend who is just as damaged as he is, but that actually works best for him.  His sister swears like a sailor and his co-workers are just as kookie as Dexter is on his worst day.  One characters I really, really liked was Sgt. Doakes who sees through Dexter's facade.  Doakes knows there is something wrong with Dexter but doesn't know to the full extent what that something is.  Side note: that does get resolved in season 2.  (I spent the last two weeks enjoying the first four seasons)    But here is what I found the most interesting about Dexter.  Dexter does not kill others because he enjoys it.  He does it because he has a built-in need for violence.  The first season does a good job of exploring this need and where it comes from, but he channels this need in order to do ultimate good instead of just going out and doing it for fun, which is what separates him from his victims.  So what I found is that there seems to be a little Dexter in all of us.  We all have our imperfections and I love how Dexter handles his.  Not in a so much a selfish way, but in a way that helps other people and those he cares about.  And, yes, despite his lack of real emotional experiences, he really does care for those around him.    Anyways, this isn't for the weak of heart.  There is a lot of blood, a lot of killing, a lot of swearing, and some nudity.  If you can stomach that, then you may find this series as fresh and invigorating as I did.    In this first season, we are quickly introduced to the characters that make up the show and those involved in Dexter's life.  Each season has a story arch and in this one Dexter is helping to track down a serial killer named the Ice Truck Killer.  As Dexter gets closer and closer to him he starts realizing that the Ice Truck Killer may be more closely connected to Dexter than he originally thought.    Of the four seasons, I think this one was actually my favorite, even though I give the entire series a 5 out of 5 stars.
B000NDIAWY|5.0|My wonderful dad didn't have the luxury of listening to music very much, but he did talk about Patsy Cline. I'll be talking about Brandi and Steph Hayes, another incredible recording artist and genius musician with whom I've worked. It was through Steph that I first learned about Brandi, something for which I am very grateful. Try mixing their songs in iTunes as I did by accident- I found this to be a really interesting and fine combination!    And Brandi is so special... I've been listening to popular music for over 35 years, and thought I was too old for anything to affect me the way that this incredible album does. The Story is so evenly excellent... \\"Give Up the Ghost\\" is just as good- I love them both!
B002YIHO7I|4.0|The voice has mellowed somewhat in the last 25 years, but the music is as great and sultry as ever. This is one sexy lady. Don't make it as long for your next release; what I would like to hear next is a fusion of the Nigerian and UK sound.
B002VPE1AW|3.0|Back when `Avatar' was released in the theaters I wrote a little review for it entitled `10 Things I Thought About While Watching Avatar (including 7 reasons why, if this film had been released in the summer, it would stand no chance at a Best Picture nomination)' and so I've decided to share that with you.  The review I wrote wasn't elaborate, just basically ten thoughts I had that evening spouted off for the enjoyment of some friends on a film forum.  I'm going to elaborate a little bit on those thoughts for you here at Amazon.<br /><br />So, let's get started.<br /><br />10) I hate family togetherness.  I'm not talking about the cute \\"aw that's her mother but that's her best friend\\" kind of togetherness either.  While standing in line for nearly 30 minutes just to get in the theater I had the grave discomfort I standing in front of the family from hades.  The first thing I notice is this very awkward looking, bucktoothed crazy girl in the most hideous sweater dress I've ever seen standing directly in front of me staring at a poster for `The Karate Kid' that was hanging above my head and I hear \\"Dad, oh my god, dad...they are making another karate kid\\" and then he's like \\"yeah it's staring that Smith kid, you know, Will's son\\" and all of a sudden a bell goes off and she's like \\"I LOVE HIM, he's so cute!\\"  I should have known right then and there, but I didn't.  The mom then asks me if this is the line to get into Avatar and I should have told them it was for the bathroom (even though I was like the THIRD person in line directly in front of the door) but I told her the truth and they settled in right next to me.  For the next twenty minutes or so I had to listen to them discuss everything from Smith's cuteness to the difference between Alec Baldwin and Harrison Ford to the fact that, as their son put it, \\"the new Wolf Man looks like it's having so much fun knowing that it's a remake of a crappy 30's movie but like, it's totally going to be intense.\\"  Then the son gets a phone call and he's all \\"oh my god, oh my god, dad here's the phone...`so and so' just died\\" and his dad gets all quiet and after he gets off the phone the son was like \\"who's `so and so'\\"...and then the father tells him that he's this guy who was dieing of cancer and they all went to church and prayed for him and the cancer went away (apparently not) but now it appears that the cancer came back and it was too strong for god to cure.<br /><br />It gets worse...<br /><br /> We get into the theater and THEY FOLLOW ME and wind up sitting RIGHT NEXT TO ME (at least the son does) and during `The 20' I have to deal with their gross togetherness as they talk about how James Cameron is a god and how Katy Perry looks like a trashy Zooey Deschanel (actually, I'm the one that said that, to my wife, but the moment those words left my lips the daughter was like \\"heck yeah\\" and gave me this big bucktoothy smile...)<br /><br />I'm shocked she didn't try and give me a high five.<br /><br />9) Sam Worthington is going to be a star, and I, for one, am thrilled about that.  He has the look, the talent and the charisma to be HUGE and I really hope that the world takes notice and he gets some juicy roles coming his way.  I see that he is in the remake of `Clash of the Titans' and for that sole reason I am totally anticipating that film.  I just see a big future for him.  I only hope that he doesn't get typecast as the whole `cute guy in he-man action movies'.  I want him to experiment with his range and challenge himself and wind up Oscar nominated.  Really, I want that for him, and it's not like he was anything AMAZING in this movie, but I just really, really want him to be a big star.<br /><br />8) Sex in movies is always hot, even when it involves repulsive blue cat people.<br /><br />7) Speaking of repulsive blue cat people, is it just me or does James Cameron have the imagination of a prepubescent boy?  I say this with a tinge of love and affection, but just a tinge.  I mean,this film and everything that went into it seemed so, childish to me.  The color pallets were so, cheery and `alien 101' to me.  There seemed to be no real uniqueness to it.  The evil monsters looked like generic evil monsters and the blue cat people just, to me, seemed `been-there-done-that'...let's move on.<br /><br />6) I may be speaking out of line, but the graphics here really weren't that amazing.  I mean, am I the only one slightly offended that this film is nothing more than a cartoon?  Peter Jackson's `King Kong' looked better than this.  Sure, the 3D and Imax helps, I'm sure (I didn't see it at the Imax) but I kept wondering why exactly this took 20 years to make.<br /><br />5) Speaking of 20 years, couldn't Cameron have penned a decent script?  This storyline is ridiculously unoriginal.  More than that, it's forgettable!  This movie is very much `Tarzan' meets `Star Wars' meets `Pirates of the Caribbean' meets `Jurassic Park', in 3D...with Kevin Costner's Oscar juice squirted all over it.<br /><br />4) Steven Lang gives the worst performance I've ever seen any actor give in any category this entire year, maybe even this decade...seriously; it was THAT gross.<br /><br />3) Those braided genital things gave me the creeps; big time!<br /><br />2) People really get into this stuff, I mean...the girl sitting on the opposite end of my wife was balling her eyes out through like the entire second half of this movie!<br /><br />1) Mother nature kicks serious booty (predictably so)<br /><br />All that said, I'm glad I saw this movie in the theater and I'd probably watch it again.  It is entertaining, really entertaining actually; but it is incredibly stupid and amateurish and no where near as amazing as the hype wanted you to believe it was.  In my opinion, this film was no where NEAR the best of the year, and it's not like this year was a great one for film (although a few films released this year could make a claim at `best of the decade', like `The White Ribbon' or `Where the Wild Things Are').<br /><br />This film is childish, trashy, tacky fun; nothing more, nothing less.to me.  The color pallets were so, cheery and `alien 101' to me.  There seemed to be no real uniqueness to it.  The evil monsters looked like generic evil monsters and the blue cat people just, to me, seemed `been-there-done-that'...let's move on.    6) I may be speaking out of line, but the graphics here really weren't that amazing.  I mean, am I the only one slightly offended that this film is nothing more than a cartoon?  Peter Jackson's `King Kong' looked better than this.  Sure, the 3D and Imax helps, I'm sure (I didn't see it at the Imax) but I kept wondering why exactly this took 20 years to make.    5) Speaking of 20 years, couldn't Cameron have penned a decent script?  This storyline is ridiculously unoriginal.  More than that, it's forgettable!  This movie is very much `Tarzan' meets `Star Wars' meets `Pirates of the Caribbean' meets `Jurassic Park', in 3D...with Kevin Costner's Oscar juice squirted all over it.    4) Steven Lang gives the worst performance I've ever seen any actor give in any category this entire year, maybe even this decade...seriously; it was THAT gross.    3) Those braided genital things gave me the creeps; big time!    2) People really get into this stuff, I mean...the girl sitting on the opposite end of my wife was balling her eyes out through like the entire second half of this movie!    1) Mother nature kicks serious booty (predictably so)    All that said, I'm glad I saw this movie in the theater and I'd probably watch it again.  It is entertaining, really entertaining actually; but it is incredibly stupid and amateurish and no where near as amazing as the hype wanted you to believe it was.  In my opinion, this film was no where NEAR the best of the year, and it's not like this year was a great one for film (although a few films released this year could make a claim at `best of the decade', like `The White Ribbon' or `Where the Wild Things Are').      This film is childish, trashy, tacky fun; nothing more, nothing less.
B002SJIO5E|5.0|Fans of sci fi and great action will love this movie. The effects were handled very well and it looks amazing on blu ray. One of my favorite movies from 09 that kept me interested and entertained throughout.
B000I2JDEY|5.0|I find myself emotionally attached to a lot of films.  I tend to find bits and pieces of myself, less literally and more figuratively, in a lot of films.  I think that is important for an avid movie-goer, for it allows you to truly connect and glean from the experience.  While I say this, I do admit that there are few films that reflect my own personal experiences, but when they come along they completely dominate me.  One such film was Ingmar Bergman's `Scenes from a Marriage'.  I saw a lot of my own personal relationships in that film.<br /><br />Another such film is `Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?'.<br /><br />One of the most powerfully authentic films of all time, `Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?' is a stunning example of pure depth and genuine characterization.  The film is one of the most effective social commentaries I've ever seen, and as a character study it is nothing short of spellbinding (and the definition of haunting).  I had seen this film a few years back and rendered it a masterpiece even then, but rewatchng the film recently has added layers of meaning and importance to the film for me, most likely due to recent personal experiences.<br /><br />The film, adapted from Edward Albee's stage play, takes place on a single evening, after a party, when middle-aged couple Martha and George entertains a younger couple, Nick and Honey.  It is apparent from the films very first scene that Martha and George have a near volatile relationship.  They are heavy drinkers and heavy bickerers and they know how to push one another's buttons.  When Nick and Honey arrive at their home, it is instantly obvious to the two that this was not a good idea.  Despite their desire to leave, they are persuaded (or commanded) to stay.  They are soon entwined (thanks to heavy amounts of alcohol) in a figurative boxing match between Martha and George as they begin to unravel before this young couple, exposing themselves and each other and soon their new companions in a sickly twisted game that takes on a life of its own.<br /><br />I've heard some refer to this as a movie about the adverse effects of alcoholism, but that is just simplifying the film far too much.<br /><br />This film is, without doubt, about the crushing power of regret.  Nick and Honey torment Martha and George with their mere presence because they represent a past that seems to far removed from who they became.  Throughout the film, Martha and George constantly berate one another for the course they took and what it is that they have amounted to.  They have lost all mutual respect for one another because they blame one another for their own shortcomings and grievances.  It is apparent, through drunken confessions, that Nick and Honey are headed in a similar direction.  The couples, while different, are similar in many ways.  They are both very reliant on their families for their positions; both men relying on their fathers-in-law in ways that surely is demeaning to their masculinity.  Both men also feel a strange resentment to their wives for similar reasons, most likely stemming from their obvious dependence on them.  Both couples are wearing figurative masks, hiding who they are in an attempt to become something the only wish they could be.  Therein lies the significance of the song `Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?\\", a song sung in times of destructive desperation.  For these `intellectuals', Virginia Woolf represents a public image they strive to conform to.  To be `afraid' of Virginia Woolf (an author regarded as complex) would underscore their vulnerability and make them appear weak, especially to themselves.  So, figuratively, they refuse to acknowledge their fears, putting up a front to conceal them from the hurt they have caused themselves.<br /><br />And then there is the `child', a metaphor for different choices and a different life; a life without regret.<br /><br />So, the reason I say that this film affects me more now is that after twelve years of marriage andfor years of friendship (with me) my best friend (now EX best friend) and his wife turned into Martha and George.  They became self consumed, self centered and self destructive and their own bitter resentment at their own state of affairs left them void of all emotional morality.  It's oddly uncomfortable to relate so deeply to this film.  The sad truth is that I've seen all of this happen.  I've seen the drunken fights, the loud and abrasive belittlements.  I've felt the tense aroma of resentment fill a home and I've personally been attacked and dissected by someone I considered a friend, all so that he could feel better about himself.<br /><br />The fact that Martha and George are not the exception but the rule is a scary and sobering fact.<br /><br />This story, as weighty as it is, would be nothing without the performances that embody it.  In my personal opinion, Elizabeth Taylor's Oscar win can rest alongside Vivian Leigh's (for `A Streetcar Named Desire') as one of the most deserved in the history of Oscar.  The way she expertly crafts this performance from scene to scene is just utterly brilliant.  She can come across over-the-top to some, but when taken in the context of the film (this is a theatrical adaptation) it serves the film gloriously, and her final moments, as the camera draws in to see her soul collapse, are some of the most genuinely tender examples of humanity at its rawest that I've ever seen.  Matching her every step of the way is Richard Burton, who understands his characters bitterness and the sarcastic apathy he uses to mask his true feelings.  I also consider George Segal's performance to be simply stunning.  I saw so much of myself in him (scary), from the way he eases into confessions with George to the way he fights his own discomfort for the sake of his hosts.  He knows that what is happening is wrong and will destroy him in the long run, but he lacks the ability to walk away.  Sandy Dennis is the weak link here, but her character has the smallest arc (and the smallest amount of screen time) and thus she kind of suffers from being overshadowed and so she seems to try and overcompensate at times.  In the long run, it works, but at times she can come off as a bit much.<br /><br />In the end, `Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?' is certainly one of the most important films in the history of cinema, a film that was and still is a poignant look at humanity at its rawest form.  Director Mike Nichols was pure genius here, creating a film that practically foamed at the mouth with authentic and heartfelt tension and aggression.  Accompanied by slick editing, noteworthy dialog and some of the most effective (and beautifully shot) black and white cinematography (how a single room can evoke so much emotion is beyond me), `Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?' is a rarity among film; and film that is flawless.for years of friendship (with me) my best friend (now EX best friend) and his wife turned into Martha and George.  They became self consumed, self centered and self destructive and their own bitter resentment at their own state of affairs left them void of all emotional morality.  It's oddly uncomfortable to relate so deeply to this film.  The sad truth is that I've seen all of this happen.  I've seen the drunken fights, the loud and abrasive belittlements.  I've felt the tense aroma of resentment fill a home and I've personally been attacked and dissected by someone I considered a friend, all so that he could feel better about himself.<br /><br />The fact that Martha and George are not the exception but the rule is a scary and sobering fact.<br /><br />This story, as weighty as it is, would be nothing without the performances that embody it.  In my personal opinion, Elizabeth Taylor's Oscar win can rest alongside Vivian Leigh's (for `A Streetcar Named Desire') as one of the most deserved in the history of Oscar.  The way she expertly crafts this performance from scene to scene is just utterly brilliant.  She can come across over-the-top to some, but when taken in the context of the film (this is a theatrical adaptation) it serves the film gloriously, and her final moments, as the camera draws in to see her soul collapse, are some of the most genuinely tender examples of humanity at its rawest that I've ever seen.  Matching her every step of the way is Richard Burton, who understands his characters bitterness and the sarcastic apathy he uses to mask his true feelings.  I also consider George Segal's performance to be simply stunning.  I saw so much of myself in him (scary), from the way he eases into confessions with George to the way he fights his own discomfort for the sake of his hosts.  He knows that what is happening is wrong and will destroy him in the long run, but he lacks the ability to walk away.  Sandy Dennis is the weak link here, but her character hasthe smallest arc (and the smallest amount of screen time) and thus she kind of suffers from being overshadowed and so she seems to try and overcompensate at times.  In the long run, it works, but at times she can come off as a bit much.<br /><br />In the end, `Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?' is certainly one of the most important films in the history of cinema, a film that was and still is a poignant look at humanity at its rawest form.  Director Mike Nichols was pure genius here, creating a film that practically foamed at the mouth with authentic and heartfelt tension and aggression.  Accompanied by slick editing, noteworthy dialog and some of the most effective (and beautifully shot) black and white cinematography (how a single room can evoke so much emotion is beyond me), `Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?' is a rarity among film; and film that is flawless.
B00007E8SW|5.0|I have never listened to Coltrane before i purchased this album.  Since i purchased the Oppo BDP-83 blu ray player that also plays DVD-A & SACD formats my intrest in jazz has been refuled.  while doing a search for good jazz at amazon, this title came up on SACD with great reviews; i decided to take a chance.  WoW, i wished i had these odds in Vegas, I'd be a rich man!  This disc is incredible.  the stereo seperation is absolutely on point; it's the first thing you notice.  then there is the quality that DSD brings to SACD.  It was as if John and his peoples were standing in front of me playing it is so clear.  yes, clarity is the other word i would use to describe this disc.  it is very deep and moving.  with the right glass of wine and the lights dimmed you are in for an evening of total relaxation.  i recommend everyone with an SACD player run, not walk and pick this up.  fellas, your woman will thank you for giving her the Coltrane!  wine and light dimmer not included!
B002WIDRM6|5.0|I love Amazon for purchasing music.  I can always find exactly what I'm looking for, even if I only know the song name.  I'm directed in a way that makes it extremely easy to find what I want.  Even if it's older movies or CDs I'm interested in, I can always find it on Amazon.
B000641Z90|5.0|Was very pleased with the DVD and the quality. Enjoyed the live performance but one of my favorite songs Tonight Tonight was not recorded. He also did not put it on the Phil Collins Hits CD.
B002HWUU1I|4.0|Like so many others, I became a big fan of Glen Hansard and Marketa Irglova via the Once film and soundtrack. Their follow-up effort again has moments of transcendent harmonic elegance, along with some excellent compositions. If there is a weakness it is that some tunes come off as being really good ideas for songs rather than being fully realized compositions - two verses, two choruses and maybe a brief solo to pad it a bit. (I love the Kate Bush-esque outro on High Horses.)However, there isn't a track here that is without some moment of magic that make these two such a potent musical force. The whole CD exudes \\"heart\\", from the vulnerability of Marketa's lead vocals to the honesty of Glen's alternatively hushed confessional or busking bravado delivery. There are a few musical derivatives of the earlier work - Love That Conquers' 5/4 meter is a little more laid-back, but still reminiscent of If Your Mind's Made Up; Two Tongues has the electronica percussion of If You Want Me; Marketa's I Have Loved You Wrong recalls the The Hill, and so forth - but then again, with musical landmarks so pleasant, one doesn't mind passing by them again, and the results are far from stale repetition.     Finally, I would note that the deluxe version (w/ live CD and DVD documentary) is a great value and really further draws fans in to appreciate the humanity of these two performers. (How many other groups are going to invite an 8th grade choir to sing with them at a concert? Way cool!)
B0039UTDFG|1.0|Oprah? LAME! David Attenborough is an amazing narrator with passion for nature. Oprah is to Life what Sigourney Weaver was to Planet Earth. Sigourney Weaver and Oprah are in no way comparable to Attenborough. If I can't buy the DVD with Attenborough then I won't buy it at all. Period.    Just because I am an American doesn't mean that I can't understand Attenborough. Why do you insist on ruining another landmark series? English is English, no matter what accent it is spoken in.
B002S0OBMS|5.0|I can see why some people might not like it because of the major differences between this and the first one...but i absolutely loved it. First of all the kid who played Gustave was great, Ramin was great, so was Sarah. Just the whole thing! I loved it!
B0000V6SOG|4.0|Has all the songs from the movie including the theme music and Joanna singing all I want for Christmas at the Christmas School Play.
B001CTUI8M|5.0|Great performances; gorgeous stage presentation; edited in an exciting way. If you're looking for something to show off blu-ray's capabilities, this is the clearest concert video I've seen so far. Very sharp picture; the sound is so clear it's hard to believe it's not a studio mix.
1439190275|1.0|Although the authors of this book certainly promote a message that they believe is scientifically valid and useful and although a very large number of people agree with them, I take exception, for several reasons. With minor exceptions this book represents nothing more than an extension of the arguments for the Atkins diet. Thus my comments relate to what I believe to be wrong with those arguments.<br /><br />There are numerous instances where the authors misuse scientific evidence. Of course, they will disagree because they are claiming quite the opposite, namely, that their book highlights a growing body of scientific evidence now supporting the Atkins diet, a position also publicized on the Atkins website. Trivializing and marketing the science began early with the Atkins group, starting with Dr. Atkins himself who had no use for the scientific method. According to his widow, he was proud that he never published a single peer-reviewed scientific paper. This is dramatically contrary to professional scientists in this field who have published at least dozens, even hundreds of papers that, MOST IMPORTANTLY, are subjected to critical review by peers. Thus, Atkins' enthusiasts rely much more on personal testimonials and anecdotal reports for their arguments. This kind of evidence need not be entirely dismissed but, without systematic and transparent organization of scientific research that is critiqued by qualified peers, it is very hard to validate claims. The give and take of peer review, for example, is absolutely demanded for claims being made about personal health, especially when these claims are intended for large segments of the public.<br /><br />More specifically, the authors try to convince the readers into believing that the science 'establishment' has finally begun to validate this diet on a wide scale, but this is simply not true. The authors, for example, highlight in the introduction that \\"in the last few years more than fifty basic and applied studies have been published which, in addition to validating the safety and effectiveness of the Atkins Diet, also provide new insights into ways to optimize the Atkins lifestyle.\\" For most readers, this implies, according to the authors, that there are 50 studies that document the superiority of the Atkins diet over other dietary strategies that can be considered for a long-standing dietary lifestyle. But, in Chapter 1 they somewhat paradoxically say that there are 7 studies (only) lasting 6 months to 2 years that compare the Atkins diet with \\"other common weight loss strategies\\", a time considered by them to be long-term. But, in reality, this time still falls far short of the lifestyle of many years that they advocate for using this diet.<br /><br />They illustrate a so-called long-term effect by citing a study done in Kuwait that highlights the magnitude of the health benefits that can be achieved with a \\"low carb\\" diet (&lt;20 g/day, later adjusted to 40 g/day). This study certainly improved clinical lipids and lowered body weight (an average loss of 60 pounds). But the authors of this new book fail to tell the readers that this Kuwaiti diet was extremely low calorie, containing only about 970 calories per day for subjects weighing, on average, 235 pounds with a body mass index (BMI) of 39. Any diet this low in calories, regardless of its nutritional composition, will reduce body weight like this. Omitting this information, the authors of this new book then go on to state that, with coaching of the subjects for a year, \\"this diet outperformed that of any of the randomized groups in the other seven studies.\\"<br /><br />Knowing nothing about the other 7 studies, the reader must then accept at face value the superiority of the Atkins diet alleged by the authors. This is an unacceptably superficial way to compare the findings of these studies. The reader is entitled to know whether the weight losses of these several different studies were compared on an absolute or relative scale? Whether severe calorie restriction was part of these other studies? Whether these comparisons were statistically significant? Whether the baseline weights for these studies were different? Whether there were consistent changes in the various lipid biomarkers? Without this information, it is not acceptable to make such a brash and sweeping conclusion that the Atkins diet \\"outperformed\\" any other diet group.<br /><br />I know something about these other studies said to confirm the superiority of the Atkins diet, especially the study that the authors list first in their book and repeatedly cite in their list of references. This is a study by Gardner et al at Stanford University that was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association in 2007. The flaws in this report are serious and are often repeated in other studies on the Atkins diet. Of even more concern was the rapid and widespread media recognition quickly given to the findings of this Gardner et al study. Major headlines were published across the country in a way to lead most people to believe that the Atkins study had finally made the grade as a superior diet. Now, in this new book, the findings of this Gardner et al study appear once again, this time being repeatedly cited as evidence of good science.<br /><br />Because the Gardner et al study had serious flaws and was destined to create major media comment, it therefore required critique at the time it was published. Conventionally in science, after publication of a study, this is initially done using a widely accepted, letters-to-the-editor format that might be considered as an extension of the peer-review process. Four of us in the profession therefore duly submitted our letters to the editor of JAMA to point out these flaws and to seek the investigators' comments. Most of the time, such letters, after some modest peer review, are routinely published, but not in this case.<br /><br />In my letter, the flaw that I found especially repugnant--and obvious--was their comparison of the Atkins diet results to the low fat, plant-based diet of Dean Ornish pejoratively called \\"extremely low\\" by the researchers. The original Ornish diet--and other similar diets-- contains only 10-12% fat like other whole food, plant based diets but Gardner et al inappropriately tested a grossly distorted \\"Ornish diet\\" that contained 29% fat! To add further insult, they called this falsely fabricated diet \\"extremely low in fat\\". The distortion of the diet was even more serious because the Gardner version of the 'Ornish' diet contained 18% protein, which is 70-80% higher than the amount recommended and which is usually found in Ornish type diets. Fat and protein together comprised 48% of the Gardner version of the diet, rather than the 20-22% usually seen in whole foods plant-based diets. In the Gardner study, there actually were two more diets being compared and, together, these four diets were nutritionally very similar (at least when compared with a truly low fat, whole food plant-based diet), thus severely limiting the ability to detect meaningful and statistically significant differences. Nonetheless, a non-significant slightly lower body weight was observed for the Atkins diet and this made headlines as if it was really important.<br /><br />I have published many papers from our laboratory and have served on several science journal editorial review boards. Never have I witnessed such unprincipled behavior as that of the JAMA editor when he denied all four of our letters, especially a letter from Dr. Ornish whose study was being so grossly misrepresented. Readers had a right to hear a response from the investigators but this was not forthcoming, thanks to the JAMA editor. It was as if someone had wanted these Gardner findings published and publicized, regardless of its flaws. It is as if the funding of the study, the design of the study, the interpretation and discussion of the results, the pre-publication review of the manuscript, the refusal to publish our post-publication letters and the media reporting of the findings were script from a well-designed marketing plan. Now, three years later, the authors of this new book, who seem oblivious to the flaws of this study, herald it as important evidence helping to prove the superiority and widespread applicability of the Atkins diet.<br /><br />This practice of Atkins diet researchers of making improper diet comparisons like this has occurred far too often. As a result, unsubstantiated claims are repeatedly made and dressed up as good science. Even more confounding in this history is the repeated misuse of terms and words that define high and low amounts of fat and carbs. New words (like 'carbs') with nebulous meanings are created. Improperly defined benchmarks of 'high' and 'low' dietary levels of fat and carbohydrate are used that greatly confuse comparisons with other dietary strategies.<br /><br />Atkins himself seems to be the first to have developed the now widely used term 'carb'. I am of the strong opinion that this was a contrived marketing word that was originally meant to question the recommendations being made at that time to consume more whole vegetables, fruits, legumes and grains. Generalizing the so-called nutritional advantage of 'low carb' diets had the effect of diminishing the health value of these plant-based foods because these are the only whole foods that contain carbohydrates. Even though more recent attempts are being made to distinguish 'bad' carbohydrates from 'good' carbohydrates by superficially 'counting carbs' (as if these are entities that can be counted!), this still stigmatizes the exceptional health value of a whole food, plant-based diet. Virtually anyone of any scientific substance during the past half-century has known that relatively simple ('bad') carbohydrates like sugar and refined flour, cause health problems. But this does not mean that we can generalize this large and complex class of nutritionally valuable carbohydrates, as found in whole plant based foods, into a single class called 'carbs', then demonize the superior nutritional value of these high carbohydrate foods.<br /><br />I have many other concerns with this book as to its scientific credibility, too many to document here. Their discussion on protein, however, merits attention because of the not so obvious but nonetheless pivotal role of this nutrient when justifying the Atkins diet. The authors' protein discussion not only sends the wrong message and is extremely superficial, but also it is factually wrong. For example, they emphasize that the RDA (about 8-10% of total diet calories) for protein \\"reflects the minimum, not the optimal, amount of protein an average healthy person needs.\\" Wrong. The RDA is not and was never meant to be the minimum amount of protein needed. The RDA is about 2 standard deviations above the minimum daily requirement (MDR) so as to insure that the minimum requirements of virtually all people are being met. (If all people theoretically consumed the RDA level of protein, about 98% of them would be consuming in excess of their needs!) The authors' perception that the RDA is a minimum requirement encourages, in effect, a higher than necessary consumption of protein. This is a clear bias favoring higher protein consumption (meaning animal-derived protein) that then extends to further comments by the authors that plant protein is, in effect, not as good as animal protein (1) because it is \\"incomplete\\" and (2) because it does not \\"satiate\\" as well, thus suggesting, in the authors' view, the need for still more oil/fat to this already high fat diet.<br /><br />And finally, they recommend 20-25% dietary protein, then claim somewhat defensively, that this is not a high protein diet. This is nonsense. The present range of dietary protein for the vast majority of the population is about 11-22% of calories (average of 17%), with three-fourths of this protein provided by animal-based foods. The Atkins recommendation for dietary protein is triple that of the RDA, high by anyone's standard (except for these authors!). A whole food plant-based diet of mixed vegetables, fruits, legumes, grains and tubers can easily provide the RDA of about 8-10% dietary protein, based on long established experimental evidence (since 1943) that this is more than enough protein. Increasing protein above the RDA of 8-10% up to an average of 17% is generally obtained by consuming increasing amounts of animal-based foods. Furthermore, increasing dietary protein from about 10-12% to 20%, for example, eventually increases risk for most people for a large number of diseases and conditions too numerous to discuss here. These include serious diseases like cancer, heart disease, osteoporosis and certain autoimmune diseases, as well as an overwhelming number of explanatory mechanisms. The authors mentioned none of these health problems associated with the high dietary protein of the Atkins diet. Like a house of cards, a diet ever higher in animal protein-based foods, usually along with higher dietary fat (the typical Atkins recommendation) leads to early death and disability resulting from the diseases that kill most of us in the U.S. before our time.<br /><br />The major problem with this book goes well beyond the numerous specific errors committed by these authors. It is the misguided Atkins diet paradigm into which this book is inserted that is a much more ominous problem.<br /><br />Most people agree that there are health problems with the standard American diet (SAD), which, on average, is 17% protein and 35% fat (totaling 52%), leaving 48% for carbohydrates. The Atkins diet rightly recommends reducing the 'bad' carbs but primarily by replacing these 'carbs' with increasing protein (30%) and fat (40%) (totaling 70%) thus compromising an already low intake of highly nutritious carbohydrate-rich plant-based foods. Within 10 years or less, I predict that most people using the Atkins diet will either quit or experience serious health problems, although many may see more health benefits than adverse health effects in the short run. The nomadic Masaai of eastern Africa who consume large amounts of meat, milk and eggs, incur like old American men, extensive atherosclerotic lesions in spite of their extensive walking.<br /><br />The same decreased consumption of 'bad' carbs advocated by Atkins' people, can be easily accomplished by a whole food, plant based diet but not by increasing fat and protein but by increasing the consumption of whole food, plant-based diet that contains the countless antioxidants and complex carbohydrates (e.g., fiber). This simultaneously avoids excessive intakes of protein, fat and bad 'carbs' (like sugar and refined flour) while enhancing the intake of the highly nutritious whole food, plant-based foods. There is far superior to replacing the 'bad' carbs with fat and protein, mostly from animal-based foods, that contain little or no antioxidants and complex carbohydrates.<br /><br />Finally, the authors in this book are committed to finding scientific evidence that encourages people to consume foods of personal choice (good marketing strategy!), generally meaning high fat, high protein based meats, milk and eggs. This pleases many people who like to hear good things about their bad habits, but this is a strategy that can seriously bias scientific objectivity. It should be noted that fat, salt and sugar are acquired tastes and, for fat and salt, there is convincing evidence showing that within a month or so, these addictions can be reversed while new and healthier taste preferences emerge.<br /><br />This brings me to my final question, namely, why do many Atkins-oriented people personally accustomed to high fat, high salt and high protein diets adamantly refuse both to personally try a whole foods, plant-based diet and even refuse to learn about its extraordinary health benefits? A partial reason for this may be that they don't realize that taste preferences can markedly change. It is irresponsible for scientists and would-be scientists to dismiss health-promoting scientific evidence merely to please companion readers and listeners (is this because of the lure of money?). I deeply honor, above all else, people having the right to choose but I strongly reject withholding information that may assist their making wise choices for themselves.<br /><br />I was initially inclined to give a 2 ranking for this book--to acknowledge the authors' effort to encourage people to reduce their consumption of 'bad carbs' (to use their words), but the remedy offered by these authors is so seriously misguided that I finally decided that a score of 1 is actually too generous.ingle class called 'carbs', then demonize the superior nutritional value of these high carbohydrate foods.    I have many other concerns with this book as to its scientific credibility, too many to document here. Their discussion on protein, however, merits attention because of the not so obvious but nonetheless pivotal role of this nutrient when justifying the Atkins diet. The authors' protein discussion not only sends the wrong message and is extremely superficial, but also it is factually wrong. For example, they emphasize that the RDA (about 8-10% of total diet calories) for protein \\"reflects the minimum, not the optimal, amount of protein an average healthy person needs.\\" Wrong. The RDA is not and was never meant to be the minimum amount of protein needed. The RDA is about 2 standard deviations above the minimum daily requirement (MDR) so as to insure that the minimum requirements of virtually all people are being met. (If all people theoretically consumed the RDA level of protein, about 98% of them would be consuming in excess of their needs!) The authors' perception that the RDA is a minimum requirement encourages, in effect, a higher than necessary consumption of protein. This is a clear bias favoring higher protein consumption (meaning animal-derived protein) that then extends to further comments by the authors that plant protein is, in effect, not as good as animal protein (1) because it is \\"incomplete\\" and (2) because it does not \\"satiate\\" as well, thus suggesting, in the authors' view, the need for still more oil/fat to this already high fat diet.    And finally, they recommend 20-25% dietary protein, then claim somewhat defensively, that this is not a high protein diet. This is nonsense. The present range of dietary protein for the vast majority of the population is about 11-22% of calories (average of 17%), with three-fourths of this protein provided by animal-based foods. The Atkins recommendation for dietary protein is triple that of the RDA, high byanyone's standard (except for these authors!). A whole food plant-based diet of mixed vegetables, fruits, legumes, grains and tubers can easily provide the RDA of about 8-10% dietary protein, based on long established experimental evidence (since 1943) that this is more than enough protein. Increasing protein above the RDA of 8-10% up to an average of 17% is generally obtained by consuming increasing amounts of animal-based foods. Furthermore, increasing dietary protein from about 10-12% to 20%, for example, eventually increases risk for most people for a large number of diseases and conditions too numerous to discuss here. These include serious diseases like cancer, heart disease, osteoporosis and certain autoimmune diseases, as well as an overwhelming number of explanatory mechanisms. The authors mentioned none of these health problems associated with the high dietary protein of the Atkins diet. Like a house of cards, a diet ever higher in animal protein-based foods, usually along with higher dietary fat (the typical Atkins recommendation) leads to early death and disability resulting from the diseases that kill most of us in the U.S. before our time.    The major problem with this book goes well beyond the numerous specific errors committed by these authors. It is the misguided Atkins diet paradigm into which this book is inserted that is a much more ominous problem.     Most people agree that there are health problems with the standard American diet (SAD), which, on average, is 17% protein and 35% fat (totaling 52%), leaving 48% for carbohydrates. The Atkins diet rightly recommends reducing the 'bad' carbs but primarily by replacing these 'carbs' with increasing protein (30%) and fat (40%) (totaling 70%) thus compromising an already low intake of highly nutritious carbohydrate-rich plant-based foods. Within 10 years or less, I predict that most people using the Atkins diet will either quit or experience serious health problems, although many may see more healthbenefits than adverse health effects in the short run. The nomadic Masaai of eastern Africa who consume large amounts of meat, milk and eggs, incur like old American men, extensive atherosclerotic lesions in spite of their extensive walking.    The same decreased consumption of 'bad' carbs advocated by Atkins' people, can be easily accomplished by a whole food, plant based diet but not by increasing fat and protein but by increasing the consumption of whole food, plant-based diet that contains the countless antioxidants and complex carbohydrates (e.g., fiber). This simultaneously avoids excessive intakes of protein, fat and bad 'carbs' (like sugar and refined flour) while enhancing the intake of the highly nutritious whole food, plant-based foods. There is far superior to replacing the 'bad' carbs with fat and protein, mostly from animal-based foods, that contain little or no antioxidants and complex carbohydrates.    Finally, the authors in this book are committed to finding scientific evidence that encourages people to consume foods of personal choice (good marketing strategy!), generally meaning high fat, high protein based meats, milk and eggs. This pleases many people who like to hear good things about their bad habits, but this is a strategy that can seriously bias scientific objectivity. It should be noted that fat, salt and sugar are acquired tastes and, for fat and salt, there is convincing evidence showing that within a month or so, these addictions can be reversed while new and healthier taste preferences emerge.    This brings me to my final question, namely, why do many Atkins-oriented people personally accustomed to high fat, high salt and high protein diets adamantly refuse both to personally try a whole foods, plant-based diet and even refuse to learn about its extraordinary health benefits? A partial reason for this may be that they don't realize that taste preferences can markedly change. It is irresponsible for scientists and would-be scientiststo dismiss health-promoting scientific evidence merely to please companion readers and listeners (is this because of the lure of money?). I deeply honor, above all else, people having the right to choose but I strongly reject withholding information that may assist their making wise choices for themselves.    I was initially inclined to give a 2 ranking for this book--to acknowledge the authors' effort to encourage people to reduce their consumption of 'bad carbs' (to use their words), but the remedy offered by these authors is so seriously misguided that I finally decided that a score of 1 is actually too generous.
B000NVIXDW|5.0|Michael Buble is here to carry the torch.It is so heartwarming to know that the Crooner and the Great American Songbook will not die out with the likes of Crosby,Sinatra, and Bennett. He's not a imitator or a mimic , but a true balladeer in the great tradition.
B002XMGGK6|3.0|The movie was pretty good, but a little predictable. I had a hard time believing the character played by Gerard Butler, he seemed too over the top and as if he was trying so hard to be deep. It's a good Saturday afternoon movie to watch.
0689878451|5.0|A story that in a great way teaches a very important lesson. Bought it after seeing a group of kids enjoying it and knew my grand daughter must have May buy another to share with the kids I babysit for
0545123267|5.0|I really enjoyed this book so much I finished it in two days. I found myself putting it in my purse and taking it to work and every time I had a spare moment, I would read.  It is nice and I enjoyed both Sam's and Grace's point of view. Can't wait until the next installment.
044508376X|5.0|Read a fantastic book Now I know why it's a classic Book came as promised
0393312836|4.0|this particular book has not arrived yet but its only been 2 days so that much was expected.  overall based on the track package feature the shipping is great.  i have read this book before and it is amazing so i had to buy a copy for myself (and i NEVER reread books).  now despite the fact that this book is a classic it is not for the faint of heart.     it is a very graphic novel (as in rape robbery murder.ect) it describes all of this in great detail.  if you have seen this movie the book is 10x more heinous.  one other part about this book that is worth considering is that it requires an extremely good reader, the book is almost impossible to understand.  part of this is due to the fact that the main characters in the book use many russian slang terms so half the words you will not understand (thankfully there is a mini dictionary in the back of the book.  overall a great read and probably the best classic i have read.
B002WY65VU|2.0|I heard it said the makers of this movie were inspired by the success of SHAWN OF THE DEAD.<br /><br />Uhhmmmm ....... well......... they should have looked for more inspiration<br /><br />While SHAWN OF THE DEAD is excellent and sets the 5 Star Standard for a Zombie Spoof movie,  this movie (Zombieland) shows glimpses of potential but falters and instead relies on too much simple stupidity to try and be funny.<br /><br />It fails to have the kind of creative wit and dark humor that made SHAWN OF THE DEAD so good.<br /><br />If you like people breaking things, cursing as much as possible and simply acting stupid you might like Zombieland ...... but if you only have enough time in life to see one Zombie-spoof movie, then watch SHAWN OF THE DEAD instead.
0066620996|4.0|This book is very carefully researched. The authors did their homework and you won't be disappointed. Common management hype most people believe is dis-spelled. What's important mostly is getting the right people in your company first. then you can worry about where to place them second. Jim Collins arrives at simple solutions to complex questions and backs up his theories with tons of empirical data.
B000AP04OM|5.0|Item was shipped fast and in excellent condition, I have watched the movie many time and am very very pleased . Thank you for your fast and courteous service.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Really great book. I've read at least 3 times. The first time I read it, I read for 3 hours straight and did nothing but read the book. I would reccomend the book to anyone!
0393072231|1.0|Obviously, this book is not well-written.  If so, it would have been released in Kindle format--the owners of such devices belonging to the strata of avid readers.  No?<br /><br />I would suggest reading [[ASIN:0307453375 The Quants: How a New Breed of Math Whizzes Conquered Wall Street and Nearly Destroyed It]] instead.
B0035J6TA8|4.0|Peter Gabriel is a true artist. In an era where American Idol assaults the senses with manufactured pop, it is refreshing to know that there is still sonic artistry in this world. I first saw Peter Gabriel in 1978, during the PG II tour. I've waited patiently for each album. I knew that new artistic ground would be broken with every release. Therefore, I appreciate Scratch My Back for what it is, not what it should be.    You cannot listen to this album lightly. The songs demand attention. Each song is crafted with a stunning degree of attention, and while this would not be the first album I would recommend to someone wanting to learn about Peter's music (that would be PG III), this album sits with Passion as a milestone in growth and potential.    For an artist in a genera where innovation is only as good as the package you can sell, Peter Gabriel shines as someone who is true to his art. That is why Scratch My Back is an excellent album. The artestry is uncomprimising. Very few in the industry can be held to that ideal, and I applaud Mr. Gabriel for a beautiful work, that grows with every listen.
B0034JKZ3G|4.0|First off, I must comment on the blu-ray triple pack of this film. I like that Disney movies have been coming out in these jumbo packs that come with both the dvd and the blu-ray. If you're not interested in one or the other, you can give either as a gift. For example, I had no use for the dvd; so I gave it as a gift to my niece and nephew who love the movie, and I saved myself the twenty dollar price of the DVD by itself. All in all, great bargain.     Now, I want to review this movie. For those of you debating whether this movie is buyable or not; stop thinking, and buy it, especially if you have kids. This film has a lot of the charm that made the classic Disney movies so great, even though I do not think it will be on the shelf with films like The Little Mermaid, Lion King, or Beauty and the Beast; but it may make it as a secondary classic on par with Hercules and Tarzan. The film has many catchy tunes, tunes I memorized within the first week of seeing this film, and I sing them to my niece and nephew any chance I get. The film strays away from many of the Disney film cliches in the way that it breaks away from the tradition of \\"happily ever after.\\" For one thing, the protagonist is not a rebellious or snobby young woman who thinks solely of herself; she is a hard-working and independent African-American woman striving to make her own dream come true in a world where it's been denied to her. In any case, she is relatable and honorable. When other princesses were unrelentingly wishing upon stars, this princess felt ridiculous doing it. She takes herself too seriously, therefore creating a character that seems too clever to live inside the realm of fairy tales. On the other hand, the prince, rather than be an accessory or one-dimensional (as he is portrayed in films such as Cinderella or Sleeping Beauty), is surprisingly really funny and delivers some really good one-liners (he's finally given a personality we can sympathize with). Just here alone, Disney alreadybroke away from a certain mold. The villain actually plays a really small role in this film, unlike Ursula in Little Mermaid or Jafar in Aladdin. This, however, does not make him a boring adversary. On the contrary, he is interesting since he has quite a debt to pay to his \\"friends on the other side.\\" The sidekicks, a trumpet-blowing alligator and a Cajun firefly, are very funny and provide some interesting comic relief as well as enhance the theme of looking deep within yourself to find what you need. An interesting character in this film is Mama Odi, an old, blind voodoo witch who practices \\"white\\" magic.     Before this film was released in theaters, I heard a lot of speculation that Disney was typecasting and stereotyping African-Americans. That was not what I believed, but I accepted peoples' judgement. When I saw this movie, I did not see anything racist about it. I heard complaints that the princess sounded too black, but I think it would have been insulting if Disney casted a white woman to voice the protagonist. They didn't get a black woman to voice Belle in Beauty and the Beast. I think the voice of princess Tiana had the accent of Old New Orleans, and I think to get insulted from the little things is quite ridiculous. Secondly, I think people should feel honored that finally a princess representing African American women has come along with a lot of depth in her character and a lot of culture and spirit in her heart. Another thing I thought might upset some people was the fact that the villain, Dr. Facilier, was a Voodoo doctor, who they also called the \\"Shadow Man.\\" I'm sure there are many people who practice voodoo who would argue that Disney made it look like a bad thing. However, the storytellers are quite smart; instead of showing one side to voodoo, they show two, with Mama Odi. Dr. Facilier's positive counterpart in this film is Mama Odi who practices good magic, and is full of insight and wisdom. Therefore, in cancelling each other out, no room is left for speculation or debate. The film was being true to a spirit, a spirit they tried to capture by hiring musicians who spent a great deal of their life in New Orleans. I personally think the film did justice to New Orleans and America, in general. They, the filmmakers, applied various aspects of old African-American traditions to make a film that paid homage to that lush culture.      See this movie; you'll love it, your kids, nieces, nephews, and cousins will love it. It's got zing, it's got heart, and most of all, it's got gumbo. Enjoy.
B000069KIZ|4.0|Despite some weaknesses in tempi and some phrasing in crucial  passages that require for more bravura, those are very solid and  convincent performances, in a very conservative approach. DG has  been one of the seals with more issued Brahms cycles and perhaps  we can find more compelling anthologies in Celibidache/Stuttgart  or Levine/VPO and Abbado/BPO in digital era.
B000O599WG|5.0|I bought this 2-disc special for my Father-In-Law who is a huge John Wayne fan and it was perfect. My Father-In-Law loves it. Thank you
B002QGUFWE|1.0|Good album, lots of good stuff in it but I won't buy this edited garbage. We can't let censors tell us what to listen to in America, it's not right!
0393072231|1.0|I love Michael Lewis and I love my Kindle.  Amazon, Lewis, and WW Norton have all made plenty of money off my various acquisitions over the years, and they stand to make plenty more.  But the fact is:  I can't live without my Kindle (or an equivalent or better e-reader).  I don't want to live without Michael Lewis.  And I would just as soon not live without WW Norton, but starting today I am going to try.  It is sad to see publishers who understand where their future is, and are kind of moving that direction, but just don't have the courage to go there all the way.  Be an informed consumer.  Know who is publishing the books that you consider buying, and vote with your dollar.  This is how we can do our little part to help make things right.
1933492287|4.0|There is one major thing missing from this book.    Every page is beautifully laid out... the images are perfectly composed with lighting and detail that will astound.    The author is a world class illustrator, but what is missing are the nuances  of functional design.  The designs themselves are striving to be unique from the work of other concept artists, but sadly are not unique from themselves in a collection that feels somewhat repetitive.  The designs feel almost arbitrary, lacking the functional appeal that is necessary for hardware illustration.  Sorayama, McQuarrie, McCall, Johnston, Mead even Berkey seem to have attained the critical mass of functional feel that is lacking from the stunning illustrations in Cosmic Motors.  The shapes seem without purpose of any kind, and for me, fail to inspire.  While drawn to the beauty and skill of the composition, I am not drawn to the machines themselves.    Hopefully the author will find the key to bringing a functional presence in future designs, developing the critical eye of an engineer or industrial designer.
1416594787|5.0|It is an excellent book providing marvellous insights on the making of life as we know it with striking evidence. I thank Mr Dawkins immensely.
6305949980|5.0|I love this movie it is my third favorite animated movie behind shrek and the first Ice age. This the most romantic movie I have ever scene. I am 14 now and I still love this masterpiece
0316069906|2.0|Let me start by saying I am not a fan of Ted Nugent's politics.  But he and I do have one solid thing in common. Vegetarians get on our nerves.  Somebody actually gave me this book with hopes of \\"converting\\" me to a vegetarian lifestyle.  I had previously saw this snotty author on a couple talk shows promoting this book. Besides being an uber snob, he was rather rude to those who disagreed with his point of view.  I have found this personality trait to be consistent with most vegetarians.  Could it be they are protein deprived?  If I want to be a vegetarian the decision will be mine to make, not Mr. Foer's.  I'm sick of vegetarians and vegans jumping on carnivores with the zeal of televangelists.  That said, I tossed Mr. Foer's book in the garbage.  I usually pass good books along to friends.  Note I said \\"good books.\\" This one is just full of propaganda and lofty vegetarian platitudes.  Mind you, it's not that I don't like animals.  They taste wonderful with A-1 sauce.  Get a grip, Mr. Foer's. The world is not entitled to your narrow minded opinions.  Now if you'll excuse me, my porterhouse steak awaits.
0861661605|4.0|This work felt like a too-short return to the League after an experimental hiatus with the Black Dossier. The comic develops old relationship and spawns new legacies to be continue in later works. There is one significant plot line, but overall this comic felt too short to satisfy. Sequel?
B002XMGGK6|4.0|I bought this movie after having watch it on the big screen and knew i had to have this as a collectors item, it has a lot of action and suspense and it really had me wondering through the entire show and the ending was unexpected... really great movie action from start to finish,...its a five star in my books
0393072231|1.0|It's a disturbing thing, that there is no Kindle version of the book. Or, maybe, the publisher decided to wait off until the iPad lands?
B00003CXAA|5.0|Being Italian and know of people who were in the \\"family\\". I would look at these movies and always see they are a part of history. I wanted this set for a long time and then got it at a good price. These are movie classics and regular remember for the best monments in movie history. What adult have not seen one of these movie. Any movie lover who collected movies would have this set. Anywhere you go and when you hear the line, \\"I make you a deal,  you can't refuse\\".  Or \\"He was struck by a Thunderbolt\\". You could almost know what part of the movie it was said. That the Godfather series.
0060558121|4.0|I really love this book. It stuck with me, I've re-read it several dozen times and every time it just amazes me how much I enjoy it. This is the first book I read by Neil Gaiman and since I read it I've read almost everything else he's written. I find this book to be engaging and interesting. I find the characters to be interesting and well rounded. The only thing I don't like is the ending, it was a bit of a letdown, the first time I read the book I was seriously disappointed, however since re-reading it I find it less irritating. It's a good read.
0786868724|5.0|Great Book! Beautiful life story of two great people.<br /><br />I am neither Jewish, nor Christian, but still whatever this book talks about is applicable to my faith. In fact it is applicable to any faith.<br /><br />It was great to know people like the Reb, and Pastor Henry. Thanks Mitch for this book. Makes me go back to my faith in the search of unanswered questions.<br /><br />This book can help anyone reinvent them selves, whether they are at very low in their life or at a very high, the teachings are applicable in all situations.<br /><br />The Sermons given in the book are amazing ... each one of them.<br /><br />The best part is when the Reb says Mitch \\"You're a man of God, too, Everyone is.\\" ... so true. All the faiths effectively says this same thing.
0679417354|3.0|Perhaps when it was first published in 1926, two years after the author's death, \\"The Castle\\" must have been seen as something wondrous and mythic, and readers must have had heated discussions over its meaning.  In his introduction to the Everyman edition, the English critic Irving Howe discusses how this labyrinthe tale of a man named K. who's trying to find his place in the labyrinthe bureaucracy that is the Castle is a metaphor for the individual's religious alienation:  K. relentlessly and desperately seeks to confirm his faith in God.  I think that's a fair interpretation, but a more accurate interpretation would have been to take the author literally.  Mr. Howe has never worked in a bureaucracy because he would at once recognize the inverted nonsensical logic, the instinctive mechanical fanatical devotion to detail and form and protocol, the perverse crushing of the human will and spirit, a nebulous and abstract and hidden overwhelming power to be the trademarks of a bureaucracy.<br /><br />K. is a land surveyor who has been hired by the Castle, and when he arrives in a village to await his commission he is instead thrown into bureaucratic limbo.  For the rest of the book (there's an endless debate as to when the book ends, if not that K.'s search and confusion never end) K tries to contact the Castle authorities, and confirm his professional identity.  He is confounded at every turn, and is toyed with, even being forced to work as a janitor.  If this sounds a bit too metaphysical, abstract, and somewhat pointless it's because the novel really is.<br /><br />I felt like K., and I desperately tried to look for something concrete to hold onto and confirm my identity as a reader of something relevant and important.  Where is this novel going?  Is Kafka toying with me?  Does this novel actually exist?  The novel reads like a nightmare, and after struggling to finish it (I found myself skimming pages, a bad habit I try to avoid) I awoke to found the nightmare to beirrelevant and pointless.
B00062IDCO|5.0|I'M A STAR TREK MANIAC,GOT ALL OF THE ORIGINAL & THE NEXT GENERATION & VOYAGER.NOW GOT TO GET DEEP SPACE NINE TO MAKE IT COMPLETE.I LOVE ANYTHING THAT GOT TO DO WITH OUTER SPACE,THAT'S WHY MY DAUGHTER SAY WHEN I GO SHE GONNA HAVE MY REMAINS SHIPPED TO OUTER SPACE.
B002UNMWAG|4.0|I am a total fan of the original. To me it was sheer genious. With that I will say All Saints Day... Even with my rediculously high expectations did not dissapoint nor exceed my expectations. I take that back the fact that we even got a second one exceeded my expectations. I believe all the actors did a great job with their roles, and as many reviewers have said It gives you more of what you loved in the first one, And ive never seen a more hopeful or perfect last frame in a movie. The HOAGE will be the brothers Disneyland.     The only reason im givig it a 4 and not a 5 is because even with the latest update currently 3.15 the PS3 will not play past the second Preview. It plays fine in my computer and likly most bluray players, but Its A Sony Disc. It should play in a Sony playstation. Ive cleaned the disc and verified that all my other blurays play off of it and even redownloaded the update. Every time I try to play BD2 the playstationlocks up and puts out no video, and i have to power down and up again.
0307463745|4.0|Rework is a simple, easy to read book with many practical ideas to succeed in business.  Many of the principles we see in the book (e.g., do things in iterations, dedicate time to small victories, simlify and stick to what's essential, alone time, worry about the big picture especially at the beginning, estimate in small chunks, etc...I could keep going on and on) we already practice in our organization and I could see they really work since we live it and breath it on a daily basis.    Although the book is mostly focused from a perspective of a company delivering a product or service, and the authors are somewhat extremist at times (e.g., don't write a bp (ok maybe not an extensive one but I think you should write down your thoughts on paper) or make decisions right before you do something), the concepts apply to many aspects of your work, any business or even your personal life.      I was inspired by many of the thoughts and some of my favorites are inspiration is perishable, do things that matter and ask yourself the right questions to ensure you are still focused, find your epicenter and make it the best it can be, good enough is fine, scratch your own itch and evolution builds upon what's worked.    All in all, the book is a reality check which makes you examine if you are keeping things simple. Many simple, powerful, and inspirational ideas that apply to your everyday in whatever you do.
B002XUL6QW|5.0|Much better than the previously available dvd, with better color rendition, and of course, the usual Criterion extras.  Not a great film by any means, but a must see for Ophuls fans.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I loved this movie when I saw it in 3-D at the theatre.  When it was over, and I looked at my watch, I was surprised to see that 3 hours had passed.  The theatre experience for a film like this can never be as good at home, no matter how good your system is.    Some reviewers are complaining because they want an \\"uncut\\" or \\"director's cut\\" extended version of this film on blu-ray.  I personally feel that the 3-hour theatrical cut is sufficient.  I did not feel like I was missing anything.  Do you really want to spend 3 1/2 or 4 hours watching this movie so you can see it with footage that the director decided to remove?    As for the blu-ray not being in 3-D, this is not really a problem.  I have several of the recent 3-D releases.  The experience is currently quite different at home from what you see in the theatre.  You have to wear glasses with red and blue lenses.  Not only do they give you a headache, but they ruin the colors of the film.  The picture comes out dark and looking almost black and white.  Also, the 3-D effects are nothing to what you experience in the theatre.  Wait a few years until they have perfected the home 3-D TV.  The 3-D blu-rays will be processed in a different way to be viewed on a different type of monitor, with a different type of glasses.    I have an old dvd that features famous roller coasters.  It was shot in 3-D, but does not use red and blue glasses.  The glasses are polarized.  The colors of the film are not damaged, the picture is bright, sharp and clear, the 3-D effects are superior, and the same picture can be viewed without the glasses in 2-D with no loss of quality.  Why are they not using this superior process for the feature films currently being released on home video?    Don't complain about the version being currently released.  Just wait two or three years, buy a perfected 3-D TV, a new 3-D blu-ray player and a blu-ray disc that is specifically processed for the 3-D TV.  You will still be disappointed because it willnot be the same as the theatre experience.
B000X107GI|3.0|Too soon to tell about battery life, but I ordered 5 batteries and received 5 batteries. However, I took standard shipping and it took 2 weeks or so to arrive.
B0036JU6CY|3.0|This movie is ok. The acting BAH-LOWS, and the CGI blood is a bit on the cheesey side. The action scenes, however are really good, especially if you're a fan of the martial arts film genre. Worth a rental but I probably wouldn't buy it.
B001RTP3Z0|5.0|There's no way to improve on Leonard Cohen so I won't even try.      If you haven't seen this and listened to the material on it, you're really missing out.  The man truly was \\"born with the gift of a golden voice...\\" and while there may not be \\"27 angels\\" in the band there are 3 lady angels and 6 guy angels playing along with him in just as divine a way as this guy does himself.      Rock on Leonard.  Rock on.      And thanks for sharing your gift with all of us.
B00328G4V6|3.0|There are a lot of reviews of this product and I'm not going to give a rundown on all of the tracks.  The two tracks the 14 track Target version adds to this release are just fuzz-tone jams.  If you buy the 12 track version, you won't miss them.<br /><br />I'm a Hendrix fan, but I have to question the value of \\"Valleys Of Neptune.\\"  I think these tracks represent concepts Hendrix had that never really gelled.  They're a little more polished than demos, and not unfinished versions of songs he planned to complete, either.<br /><br />I'd rather see the Hendrix estate release live recordings from the vaults.  Offerings like this add nothing to Hendrix's reputation or the understanding of his music.
B0000TB014|3.0|There is no question about the deep and heartbreaking sadness that has shown all over the world about the tragic death of Michael Jackson. While what some of the things he had to ordeal with in the spotlight were heartbreaking, it honestly has been too easy to really forget about why he was so talented in the first place. From his songs, and his compassion to others, and all the artistry and beauty and polish he wanted in his music and his music videos will always stand and show that testiment of time. But, there are those who've never yet owned a collection of Michael Jackson's videos to call their own, and now they can but it really isn't definitive as you could expect.<br /><br />Michael Jackson: Number Ones, consists of some of Michael Jacksons' biggest videos, that and the songs that shot up to the top of the charts. The DVD contains some of those videos that revolutionized the way we see music and art in the world. The collection of videos is some of Michael's best including You Rock My World, which featured Chris Tucker and the late Marlon Brando, Black Or White and Thriller which John Landis brilliantly showcased influence in Michael's music, Billie Jean that displayed the intimate white lighting floorboards, and classics like the intimate Man In The Mirror and Bad. While this is a strong sampler, there were a lot of die hard videos hard core Michael Jackson fans are dissapointed aren't here like Remember The Time, Scream which cost $7 million to make with Janet Jackson, and Leave Me Alone to just name a few, that also shot up to #1 on Billboard.<br /><br />All in all, Michael Jackson was a one of a kind through the good and the bad he had to go through, but his influence on what music videos were will stand the testiments of time. If you've never seen a Michael Jackson video, than the Number Ones DVD would be a nice place to start, but not completely a definitive reflection what the late King Of Pop showcased in his music all around the wrold.<br /><br />Price: C+<br /><br />Videos: B-<br /><br />Remastering: B-<br /><br />Overall: C+Remastering: B-    Overall: C+
0385474547|5.0|I had read some reviews that complained that the first part of this novel was very slow paced and that the later part, where the actual plot of the story developed too quickly. I happen to feel that the pacing of the story was perfect. The first half had to spend a lot of time with the characters to acclimate the reader to this society that Okonkwo lives. The story is titled Things Fall Apart and like in real life tragedy tends to strike quickly. Your idea of day to day life and what is considered normal can drastically change within a short period of time. This is exactly what happens to Okonkwo in this novel. While the novel takes place in pre-colonial Nigeria, a world even most modern day Nigerians may not be familiar with, the characters were very real to me. I can definitely relate to the main character. He is essentially a father who has worked hard all his life to gain what he has. To gain what his current society deems as important. He is someone who simply wants what he feels is best for his son and the rest of his family. Unfortunately, the world he grew up in has changed. What was important is not now, what is best for his son is not necessarily what Okonkwo feels is important. Okonkwo is sometimes a stubborn and violent man, but who hasn't known or met a person like this guy. I have to admit the story does start out slow, but it's just so you can get to know the people before the story begins. In fact without the introduction it would be impossible to understand the tragedy that occurs later on.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|I heard Mumford & Sons on NPR and was impressed with their passion. I bought the CD the next day...and it's still the only thing playing in my car. I can't stop! There is tremendous depth, and soul, in their music. It's the Clancy Brothers, Bob Dylan and Rusted Root all rolled up.    My only regret is that there aren't any US tour dates posted yet, because I'd bet my lunch money that these guys are even better live than in the studio.
B000FVE3AC|5.0|Very solid well made watch, keeps good time.  Decent size on the wrist, very handsome.
0545123267|5.0|I have heard so much about this story that I had very high expectations going in. Those expectations were well met! From the very first page the story was entrancing. That doesn't happen very often. I love Stiefvater's spin on werewolves and how they are affected. She did a very good job explaining things and making the supernatural work.     This was a fantastic werewolf story, but I think the romance takes center stage. I love the relationship between Grace and Sam. It felt real, natural, intense, beautiful and all the things I want in a romance. Sam's character is one that now holds a special place in my heart. He can write me a song any day. Grace was a character I also enjoyed. She is one of the best heroines I've seen in a while. All the characters were well portrayed and demensional.    This is the first book of Stiefvater's that I have read. I am impressed by her lovely writing style. It was lyrical and haunting, but quirky in all the right places. It made me want to run out to get her other books. Shiver is one of my favorites because of two scenes. Bookstore and candyshop. Enough said. The ending was poetic and tugged at my heartstrings.     Shiver is must read for all fans of romance, mystery and the paranormal. I absolutely loved it and I am dying to get my hands on the sequel!
B002UZXJA6|5.0|I bought the CD and DVD.  They are complately amazing.  I watched the DVD with my mom and sister and they fell in love as well.  I can't wait to see them in concert this year.  If you get a chance and if you like celtic music or even if you don't you should really take a losten you will be delighfully surprised.
0545140315|4.0|This was such a cute and light story any girl can enjoy. Penny is a girl we can all relate to. We all know what it's like changing ourselves for a boy, then just feeling used in the end.       When Penny first swears off dating, her friends thinks she's crazy. But as they end up getting hurt as well, they end up jumping on the bandwagon. That's when I started loving this book. The girl power vibe this book gives off. Strong and loyal friends are so important in life, and too many times girls lose sight of this over a guy. It is pretty true how great girls can get along and how much drama goes out the window when boys are out of the picture.       I love the support system between Penny and her friends and how their self-worth grew in the club. When I was reading this, I felt like they were my friends. They were there supporting me, cheering me on and visa-versa.      The funniest part about this story was Penny's parents and their love for The Beatles. I don't have a lot of knowledge about The Beatles, but I enjoyed all the references to it and how it enriched the story line.     This was a great story from this debut author. I will be looking out for more of her writing as it comes out. It wouldn't surprise me if we started seeing Lonely Heart Clubs popping up in schools across the country.
B002W6Z0UK|5.0|I got the CD super fast and in great conditions! This is an AMAZING CD!! :)
0385737947|5.0|This is a hard review for me to write, because all  I want to do is talk about all the crazy amazing parts that I can't stop thinking about. But I will try to keep it spoiler free.     This was an intriguing read. From the minute Thomas is going up in the box I was hooked. It was cool picturing \\"the glade\\" in my head as I was reading this. You got this functioning community of teenage boys that work together to keep things going. But they are all stuck in this place where there is death at any escape they could think about. The grievers were freaky creatures that gave me the creepers (in a good way). I thought the glade's slang was a fun add. I will probably find myself using \\"klunk\\" in the future and it will make me think of Chuck.     What was interesting for me was trying to figure out the lead character, Thomas. You think he is good, but then you are worried he really is bad, but you want him to be good. This story had a great set of characters. I loved Newt and his sarcasm. Minho was very likable. And Chuck. My heart goes out to Chuck. I loved watching the relationship between Thomas and Chuck, Thomas going from being annoyed by Chuck to caring for him like a sibling. You don't see Theresa very much until closer to the ending, but she plays a very important part in the story. I enjoyed the bond between her and Thomas.     This story kept taking twists and turns I wasn't expecting. I never knew what was going to happen next. Alot of action in this one. When you get to the ending, it is impossible to put down. By the time I was at the end I thought I was done with surprises, then I read the epilogue and was shocked once again. This is an excellent read that both girls and boys can enjoy. I was planning on picking up another book right after finishing this one, but found it impossible. My mind was still stuck in the story and dying to know what happens next. I can't wait to get my hands on the sequel. I must know what happens!
B002XTBE6K|5.0|As in all the spirit of all Jane Austin stories this was very well done.  The actors did an excellent job and were well picked for their parts.
0446560065|5.0|I have only been able to get half way through the book, as i spend so much time dying of laughter the illustrations are so great, nice line work, great expression on the characters each story feels like an animated short, the jokes and situations are very clever, and entertaining i can not say enough about this book, i hope there is a volume 2 coming out in the near future, a must have for all  thank you Mr Tofield
0140277447|4.0|Somebody saw me reading this book and asked me, \\"What happened in Nanking?\\"<br /><br />That's the whole point -- people don't know about the slaughter.  Not Americans, not Europeans, not Asians, very few people have gone out of their way to educate themselves on wartime atrocities in Asia.<br /><br />Iris Chang's book documents what is known about the rape of Nanking.  It is difficult to read, and I was already prepped.  I have read \\"The Good Man of Nanking\\" by John Rabe and \\"Ghost Soldiers\\" by Hampton Sides and \\"Back from the Living Dead\\" by Bert Banks.  So I thought I wouldn't be surprised by this book.  I was wrong.<br /><br />Iris Chang not only wrote about the massacre and the human toll, but also of the cover-up -- this is a valuable and worthwhile book.<br /><br />Hard to read, though.<br /><br />We in the West have a mistaken belief in social evolution -- that human nature evolves and becomes better.  It is simply not true -- this book makes it evident.<br /><br />There was only one real sticking point for me in the book -- the political philosophy of Japan.  Chang is confused about Leftist fascists in the book.  For example, page 27: (describing Japan in the 1930's) \\"...called for a military dictatorship that would limit personal wealth, nationalize property, and dominate Asia.\\"  Chang labels that right-wing, but it's anything BUT right-wing.  That's classic fascism, and fascism is of the left.<br /><br />Valuable work.
0783232039|5.0|My movie came just as it said it would from the manufacturer. It came quickly and in great condition.
B00328G4V6|4.0|As a big fan of the JH Experience I find this refreshing to know that we haven't heard some of these.  The sound is good and the selections are as well.  Nothing earth shattering here though, and as a fan it's worth 4 stars.  As usual you still don't get everything here as you must buy the 45 single to get the 'B' side from it that is excluded from this collection.  They'll make money any way they can.  If you're a fan you have to have it.
0307266303|4.0|This book tracks a remote mexican tribe that call themselves \\"the running people\\". Noted for their long distance running (100 miles +), the author works to become accepted and to set up a race between the best of the tribe and some US ultraruning champions. It's well written and held my attention throughout the book. A sub theme is the fact the tribe runs in flat sandals and delves into barefoot and minimalist footwear running. I read it for more insight into barefoot running but thought it was a great read also. If you're into running highly recommended, even if you're not, it's a great read.
B002VECM4A|5.0|The utmost value of an education is the story within the story that is Precious. Without the teacher in this story, Precious most likely would have gone the way of her mother (Precious reveals her volatile nature a number of times in the film). A common conception is that daughters become their mothers, sons their fathers. A girl's childhood is imprinted by her mother in creating a blueprint of herself. Education in this story--directly charged by one teacher--changed this story to a different one--that of renewal, revision, revival, redemption. Re means again. New again. Changed (revised), redeemed or salvaged or blood bought--in this case through the intellectual and emotional blood of the teacher.<br /><br />By this time the story of Precious, if not viewed first person, is known through print, video news, or word of mouth. I have nothing new to add to that and concur with all the critical acclaim. However, it's the story inside the story that makes \\"Precious,\\" both the film and the story work. A vibrant, fairly young teacher, Blu Rain, finds herself, having chosen the Reach One, Teach One program as her bailiwick, facing a new class in this alternative program for hard-to-teach/reach teenage girls. One girl is unusually repressed, a big, hulking girl trying to shrink herself both physically and emotionally.<br /><br />The viewer already knows this girl--Clareece Precious Jones--as physically and emotionally abused by her mother and sexually by her father. In fact, the story opens with the revelation that Precious is pregnant a second time by her father. Precious is virtually illiterate and has been passed on by teachers obviously grateful to Precious because she causes no classroom problems. Her mother tells her she is too stupid to learn as is her mongoloid daughter. Mo'Nique as the mother definitely earned her Academy Award as Supporting Actress in a viscerally biting performance.<br /><br />So into the alternative program Precious goes, despite her mother's demand that Precious apply for welfare. That's where this young teacher makes a difference. She has her girls write every day, knowing the rewards and advantages of writing. Much later when Precious announces really bad news and screams that she doesn't want to write, this teacher insists: \\"Write it down!\\" \\"Write about it!\\" Why be so insistent?<br /><br />That's where I come in. As a high school English teacher who knows first hand about writing, I can say what writing does. In no particular order:<br /><br />1. It clarifies thinking, which can be muddled without the direction of writing. Thoughts on paper become more concrete and accessible and easier to organize. It opens doors to new thought.<br /><br />2. It can aid in decision making.  How often does a therapist advise a patient to write down pros and cons of a situation? Seeing them in print clarifies (as stated in number one) but also defines.<br /><br />3. It is purgative. Studies show that prison inmates who keep journals can purge themselves of negative and hostile thinking. I'm sure the teacher had this in mind in insisting, almost demanding that Precious write at that moment.<br /><br />4. It is reflective. How can one grow and go forward without reflecting on where one has been?<br /><br />5. It opens a path into a more creative direction, including first considering life's possibilities, then pursuing them. The term is FLOW.<br /><br />Other studies show that abused children can succeed beyond wildest expectations, but at what price? Precious has consciously made the decision to be more than she is, doggedly pursues this goal despite the horrors of her life, and eventually breaks ties with the past, the absolutely wisest choice for her own growth of mental acuity and emotional strength.<br /><br />Behind all of Precious's resolve and pursuit stands Blu Rain as the catalyst, the initiating force of the story inside the story that is Precious. A cheer for all dedicated teachers everywhere! And may Precious reach her potential!
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Simply the most spectacular nature documentary I've ever seen.  The footage is beautiful, especially in blu-ray format.  They show you things you've never seen before, utilizing new technologies and infinite patience.  Tragically, the 'behind the scenes' stuff that was featured on the original TV run has been left out, but the series is still very re-watchable.<br /><br />A note to parents: my five-year-old loved the show, but was a bit scared by some of the grittier scenes, which we 'fast-forwarded' through.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|Be warned that this is just the movie, the real release won't be until next November, and even longer until a 3-D release (not that 3-D will matter to many in the near future)    Fox to mine \\"Avatar\\" DVD release three times: Disc released in April will have no special features [...]
0307454541|2.0|A real disappointment, in my opinion. It starts and ends amateurishly. The payoff for having learned about these characters isn't enough, by any means. I know others love this book but I found it predictable. The theme of men hating women is over-played and distracts from the story line. As a writer I noticed far too many of his gimmicks. I won't be reading the rest of his books. Far too many other better authors to read.
B002RV01QI|4.0|I only wanted the CD for 2 songs, but after listening to the complete CD I find it just awesome.  I have enjoyed this CD in my car and at home.  Thanks.
B000YENUIG|5.0|Missed a lot of dialogue when saw Eastern Promises the first time. Ordered this DVD and had \\"English\\" and \\"English Captioning\\" set to \\"on.\\"  Much better!  This movie is a very fast-paced \\"mobster\\" movie set in present-day London with many twists and surprises that let you make up your own mind on the ending.  Gives a glimpse into the \\"family\\" and \\"business\\" culture surrounding these men. Mortensen is superb.  The plot hinges on the body \\"tattooing\\" of the mobsters, with each tattoo revealing the identity and experience of the wearer.  The quality of this DVD is just like being in a theatre.  Superb film.  Received it fast after order was placed.
B0015AARJI|4.0|Overall, I would say this is a great controller. My only complaint is how it feels in your hands. It just isn't all that comfortable, not terrible, but not great either. I think the Xbox 360 and gamecube controllers feel much better in my hands. It would be nice if they could keep the controller basically the same, but make it a little more ergonomic.
B000BYCAJE|5.0|Absolutely no doubt in my mind that this particular Crosby, Stills and Nash album deserves to be remembered for the next 100 years.  As a teenager I told myself that the years of hearing these same songs over and over again has made them lose their replay value considerably.      However, now that my teenage years are well behind me, I'm not so sure that's true anymore.  In fact I KNOW it's no longer true.  I was simply going through a phase where I was completely exhausted from this album (and band) because my parents were huge fans for years and insisted on playing the bands music all the time, and \\"enough was enough!\\" I said.    As an adult, I can truly admire how much vocal harmony talent these songs possess.  The entire band was running on all cylinders for this album.      This band always reminded me of somewhere out in the midwest like in Kansas, on a farm, and on a hot sunny day sitting under a tree.  Not sure why, but the farming theme runs hard and heavy whenever I think about the songs from this album.  Whatever kind of images I may have when I listen to music, at least I HAVE them.  That means the music will always be good as long as there's an image connected to it.      I could honestly ramble nonsense all night along thinking about why a band like Crosby, Stills and Nash are so delightfully brilliant songwriters.  Just please pick up this wonderful album soon.
0595440096|5.0|The fictional work Still Alice records the journey of a brilliant Harvard professor (Alice) as she copes with early-onset Alzheimer's disease and its unrelenting progression. Author Lisa Genova breaks ground by tackling this subject with a work of fiction, most especially from the perspective of Alice. No one could fall farther into oblivion than one who has used her mind so successfully.<br /><br />Genova describes what's happening to Alice, \\"She swallowed her panic, and it lodged, heavy and hulking...\\" as well as sharing Alice's actual thoughts, \\"I can't believe that I won't be able to do this someday.\\" Along the way we are introduced to real medical jargon and testing procedures that patients and their families may find useful.<br /><br />Tension, frustration, conflict, fear and sadness radiate from Alice and wash over her husband, her three children and colleagues. Alzheimer's takes no hostages. Genova masterfully paces the progression of the disease and what it means to Alice and her family. We're brought low by the journey, yet we must read on.<br /><br />At story's end we're acutely aware of the value of life, our deep need for meaning, the search for identity and our fragile quest for dignity. We are forever changed for having accompanied Alice.<br /><br />The back material contains discussion questions and an interview with Genova. Highly recommended.<br /><br />--Jack H. Bender, author of [[ASIN:0977827275 Disregarded: Transforming the School and Workplace through Deep Respect and Courage]]
B001IAOEXU|4.0|Judging from all the good reviews of this product I bought it just to try it out.      I have bigger hands and these attachments to the R2 and L2 just don't feel right and I took them off in a couple of minutes and will never use them again.    but if you have trouble with your fingers slipping off the buttons give them a try, not a bad buy at all.
B00001OH80|4.0|Grows in stature as the years go by. I recently dug this out from the back of my vinyl collections and got a very pleasant surprise. I only played it a few times when it was first released and hated it. Now I like it a lot, especially the mighty \\"Loving The Alien\\". Good album, Dave!
B0000000KW|4.0|I think this album is one of Ringo's better albums. It has a good mix of songs, I  especially like The Runaways! Great beat, and really is put together well. I would  recommend this album to anyone who is a Ringo fan!
1400052173|5.0|Great read for anyone with interest in medical history. Very fair and accurate reporting of medical facts and the Lacks family.
0393072231|4.0|A new book by Michael Lewis on the financial collapse of the American housing industry is going to make blood boil in the veins of many of the book's readers -- and with good reason.  In his book, THE BIG SHORT: INSIDE THE DOOMSDAY MACHINE, Lewis has essentially written a literary indictment of the major institutions in America's financial system.  From Goldman Sachs on down, Lewis depicts the financial industry that served up the sub prime mortgage crisis as a bunch of cheap, tawdry crooks.<br /><br />A key question is whether Lewis's book is fact or fiction?  In the absence of any reasonable defense, the average reader is going to treat this book as a factual report on what happened on Wall Street over the past three years.  Alas, in cases like this, perception becomes reality.<br /><br />And that's too bad, because the capital markets are a key, crucial, element of the American free enterprise system.  Confidence in our system is absolutely vital to the success of the capitalistic system that has created immense value to the average U.S. citizen (as well as the rest of the world).  So when the capital markets come under suspicion, it does not bode well for either the U.S. or global economy.  Wall Street itself has very nearly destroyed the American economic system - and left future generations of Americans with trillions of dollars of debt.<br /><br />So what to do?  Do we discount Lewis and his incredible story?  Or do we accept the problem, fix the system and move on with the business of America.  We can only hope that Chris Dodd and Barney Frank in the U.S. Congress, on the verge of passing legislation to reform the financial system, know what they are doing.<br /><br />But is a legislative fix the solution?  After reading Lewis' book, one has to wonder whether the architects of the financial collapse need to be held accountable - that is to say, criminally liable.<br /><br />After all, we watch the CEO's of America's financial institutions traipse down to Washington, kowtow to the Congressmen (and women) as they pander to the cameras, and then return to Wall Street and pay themselves even more money in bonuses for screwing up their business.  That's a doomsday scenario that is further soured when you consider that all that bonus money is coming straight from the American taxpayer (money is fungible).  At the end, while millions of Americans are losing their investment in their homes, Wall Street firms like Goldman Sachs got 100 cents on the dollar in federal funds to pay off the questionable insurance on their phony synthetic sub prime securities.<br /><br />Where are attorneys general Eliot Spitzer (oops) or Eric Holder (guarding terrorist rights) when we need them?  What is the Securities Exchange Commission doing about what may be clearly fraud on Wall Street? Where is the FBI?  Someone, somewhere, ought to be launching a criminal investigation into the financial collapse of 2007-09 (Lewis reports that two Bear Stearns officials were charged and tried, but they were acquitted, because the prosecutors presented a weak case).<br /><br />If one has any interest at all in the detailed background of the 2007-2010 financial collapse, Lewis' book is a fascinating read.  Lewis demonstrates that the sub prime mortgage industry proved to be a giant Ponzi scheme, constructed, by our august financial institutions, including the aforementioned Goldman Sachs, as well as, Morgan Stanley, Merrill Lynch, Lehman Brothers and others.<br /><br />\\"Even as it came to dwarf the stock market, the bond market eluded serious regulation,\\" Lewis writes.  \\"The opacity and complexity of the bond market was, for big Wall Street firms, a huge advantage. The bond market customer lived in perpetual fear of what he didn't know.  If the Wall Street bond departments were increasingly the source of Wall Street profits, it was in part because of this:  In the bond market it was still possible to make huge sums of money from the fear, and the ignorance, ofcustomers.\\"<br /><br />What we don't expect is ignorance on the part of the professional investment bankers on Wall Street. Yet Lewis reports that most of the \\"rocket scientists\\" on Wall Street who structured the sub prime mortgage bonds simply did not understand what they were doing.  Or, if they did, they conned the ratings agencies (Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch) into giving them wildly unrealistic ratings (80 per cent of the sub prime mortgage securities were rated as triple A securities, the same rating for U.S. Government securities) that only fueled the crisis.<br /><br />Lewis unravels all this through the eyes of a disparate group of young, brash financiers who figure out why the mortgage securities are full of risk.  They conclude that the best way to bet against all this risk is to buy insurance that will pay them off when (not if) the structured sub prime bonds fail.  Of course, insurance of that sort would seemingly be difficult to find, but the group found a solution at the investment banks where they persuaded them to create (and sell) \\"Credit default swaps\\" that eventually brought down the market when housing prices collapsed and the original securities became worthless.<br /><br />The creation of the mortgage-backed security securities in the 1980's gave Wall Street free license to generate new, fixed income securities. Packages of mortgages were bundled into securities and broken into \\"tranches\\" that were based on the likelihood that the mortgages would be prepaid early, or in the worst case, default.  The securities, known as MBS, were very profitable, because the banks that originated the loans sold them to investment banks that then flipped them into the consumer market.  The financial institutions took their cut of course that generated the profits.<br /><br />But then in an effort to expand profits, Goldman Sachs created a new, synthetic security that repacked the MBS tranches into new bonds.<br /><br />\\"...Goldman Sachs created a security so opaque and complex that it would remain forever misunderstood by investors and rating agencies: the synthetic sub prime mortgage bond-backed CDO, or collateralized debt obligations....(a variation of) the CDO had been invented to redistribute the risk of corporate and government bond defaults and was now being rejiggered to disguise the risk of sub prime mortgage loans.\\"<br /><br />Lewis estimates that Wall Street created $300 billion in sub prime CDO's, and $240 billion of those questionable securities were rated triple A by the compliant rating agencies, and he adds:<br /><br />\\"The CDO was, in effect, a credit laundering service for the residents of Lower Middle Class America. For Wall Street it was a machine that turned lead into gold.\\"<br /><br />The eight young investors that Lewis profiles are not necessarily joyful about their sophisticated bets against the housing market.  Indeed, some view the process as an ominous sign for the nation and its economy.<br /><br />\\"I said to my mother, `I think we might be facing something like the end of democratic capitalism,'\\" said Charlie Ledley, one of Lewis unsung heroes, who later said:  \\"I think there is something fundamentally scary about our democracy...because I think people have a sense that the system is rigged and it's hard to argue that it isn't.\\"<br /><br />In his final chapters, Lewis explores the reasons for the financial collapse.  He has lunch with his old boss, John Gutfreund, the ex-CEO of Solomon Brothers, the investment bank that started the rush into mortgage-backed securities.  At the time, in the 1980's, Solomon Brothers was a private partnership like most of the major institutions on Wall Street, but Gutfreund took Solomon public, and that was the beginning of the end, according to Lewis.<br /><br />Shareholders replaced partners as the ultimate control of the investment banks, and passive shareholders had absolutely no idea of what was happening.  Traders and salesmen went wild as they dreamed up synthetic securities and foisted them onto the public.  One reason they did so, was that the more they sold, the bigger the bonuses.  At least in the old days, partners had some sense of moderation - an aversion to the excess of the last 20 years.<br /><br />Lewis had pilloried Gutfreund in his book, LIARS POKER, and the meeting was a bit sensitive in the beginning.  But as they loosened up, they found they were on agreement on a number of issues.<br /><br />\\"We agreed that the Wall Street CEO had no real ability to track the frantic innovation inside his firm. We agreed, further, that the CEO of the Wall Street investment bank had shockingly little control over his subordinates...He thought the cause of the financial crisis was `simple.  Greed on both sides - greed of investors and greed of the bankers.'\\"<br /><br />But Lewis also held Gutfreund responsible for starting the trend toward greed.<br /><br />\\"He'd lifted a giant middle finger in the direction of the moral disapproval of his fellow Wall Street CEO,\\" wrote Lewis.  \\"And he'd seized the day. He and the other partners not only made a quick killing, they transferred the ultimate financial risk from themselves to their shareholders.\\"<br /><br />And the American taxpayer.<br /><br />The writer was Vice President for Market Content for the Knight Ridder newspaper group that was developing electronic financial news and infomration systems during the 1980's.ies: the synthetic sub prime mortgage bond-backed CDO, or collateralized debt obligations....(a variation of) the CDO had been invented to redistribute the risk of corporate and government bond defaults and was now being rejiggered to disguise the risk of sub prime mortgage loans.\\"    Lewis estimates that Wall Street created $300 billion in sub prime CDO's, and $240 billion of those questionable securities were rated triple A by the compliant rating agencies, and he adds:    \\"The CDO was, in effect, a credit laundering service for the residents of Lower Middle Class America. For Wall Street it was a machine that turned lead into gold.\\"    The eight young investors that Lewis profiles are not necessarily joyful about their sophisticated bets against the housing market.  Indeed, some view the process as an ominous sign for the nation and its economy.    \\"I said to my mother, `I think we might be facing something like the end of democratic capitalism,'\\" said Charlie Ledley, one of Lewis unsung heroes, who later said:  \\"I think there is something fundamentally scary about our democracy...because I think people have a sense that the system is rigged and it's hard to argue that it isn't.\\"    In his final chapters, Lewis explores the reasons for the financial collapse.  He has lunch with his old boss, John Gutfreund, the ex-CEO of Solomon Brothers, the investment bank that started the rush into mortgage-backed securities.  At the time, in the 1980's, Solomon Brothers was a private partnership like most of the major institutions on Wall Street, but Gutfreund took Solomon public, and that was the beginning of the end, according to Lewis.    Shareholders replaced partners as the ultimate control of the investment banks, and passive shareholders had absolutely no idea of what was happening.  Traders and salesmen went wild as they dreamed up synthetic securities and foisted them onto the public.  One reason they did so, was that the more they sold, the bigger the bonuses.  At least in the old days, partners had some sense of moderation - an aversion to the excess of the last 20 years.    Lewis had pilloried Gutfreund in his book, LIARS POKER, and the meeting was a bit sensitive in the beginning.  But as they loosened up, they found they were on agreement on a number of issues.    \\"We agreed that the Wall Street CEO had no real ability to track the frantic innovation inside his firm. We agreed, further, that the CEO of the Wall Street investment bank had shockingly little control over his subordinates...He thought the cause of the financial crisis was `simple.  Greed on both sides - greed of investors and greed of the bankers.'\\"    But Lewis also held Gutfreund responsible for starting the trend toward greed.    \\"He'd lifted a giant middle finger in the direction of the moral disapproval of his fellow Wall Street CEO,\\" wrote Lewis.  \\"And he'd seized the day. He and the other partners not only made a quick killing, they transferred the ultimate financial risk from themselves to their shareholders.\\"    And the American taxpayer.        The writer was Vice President for Market Content for the Knight Ridder newspaper group that was developing electronic financial news and infomration systems during the 1980's.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I loved all the songs, but thought some of the songs could have been in a faster beat.I would like for her to do something fast and more upbeat. I think her voice is great!!
0340918616|2.0|The first page hooked me in Costco's, and I bought the book with a B&N gift card.     Shoudl have saved my money.     See, the thing is, Jodi Picoult seems to have a recipe for a book.     illness + family battle + someone sues + tragic lawyer backstory + random ending. I just recently read her book Handle with Care. And, after reading my sister's keeper, I was able to call the ending to Handle With Care before i even started.     Basically, she seems to have a thing for long books. We did NOT need to know about all the history between the lawyer and the guardian ad litem. How, exactly, did that advance the plot?     And I couldn't figure out why the kidney needed to be from Anna in the first place. People get stranger's hearts all the time. Why is her case of cancer so special?     And, the point many reviewers have been complaining about: the ending.    I am not against character death, as a rule. When it helps the plot.    This did not help the plot.    She says in interviews that she always knows the ending before she writes the book. Well, many times, you write the book and realize that your origional ending did not really fit. This is one of those times. It's just an easy out. Why couldn't she have just had someone drop a bomb on all of Rhode Island and be done?
B000051VWW|4.0|It's no secret to people who know me that I'm one of Sade's hugest fans. I wasn't even born when Smooth Operator and The Sweetest Taboo were tearin' up the charts, but I grew up with her music via my parent's music collection. I became a certified Sade freak in 2003 and picked up Lovers Rock the next year.<br /><br />I'm almost embarassed to admit I only listened to and liked four of the songs (By Your Side, King of Sorrow, All About Our Love, and the title track) without giving the others a chance. I was used to Sade's later work being sparse, but this one made me zone out. Stuart's sax that worked it's magic on Bullet Proof Soul and I Never Thought I'd See the Day makes not even one appearance. I missed it and made due with the older stuff. Until 3 years ago.<br /><br />For some reason I decided to let the cd continue playing after By Your Side and I fell in love with Flow. After King of Sorrow, Somebody Already Broke My Heart caught my ear and so on until the cd was over. I wish I had appreciated this album from the start, but better late than never, I say.<br /><br />The opener By Your Side is so sweet with it's country-ish guitar and Sade's velvety vocals. It's an oath to stick with the one you love through thick and thin. \\"When you're cold/I'll be there/To hold you tight to me/When you're alone/I'll be there/By your side, baby\\". The lyrics might seem bland and uninspired on paper, but the execution is fresh. A perfect wedding song. The folk meets hip hop twilight vibe of Flow explores the highs of falling in love for the first time. \\"Is it possible?/I could feel this good?/I could really love you the way I do?\\" and \\"See me in the light/Flowin' like the river/To the sea\\". The layered vocals are top notch.<br /><br />The strumming of a forlorn spanish guitar opens King of Sorrow and makes way for dramatic yet subdued violins. Sade is miserable with her mundane day to day life and wonders if she should \\"just walk away\\" or \\"disappoint my future if I stay.\\" \\"The DJ's playing the same song/I have so much to do/I have to carry on/I wonder if this grief will ever let me go/I feel like I am the king of sorrow.\\" The lyrics are brought to life in the video where Sade plays a single mother who juggles parenthood with pursuing her dreams of being a singer. It's beautiful. As is the electronic quiet storm of Somebody Already Broke My Heart. After being \\"torn apart so many times before\\", Sade wants her new man to \\"be careful and be kind\\" to her heart. Her voice is soft, cautious, and a bit wary.<br /><br />I wish All About Our Love was longer. It's so bright and easy breezy with it's sunny reggae flavor. No sax, but a few horns slyly make their way in towards the middle. \\"It's all about our love/So shall it be forever/Never ending\\". Happy Sade is always lovely. She tackles the history of slavery on the darkly primal Slave Song. As if she's witnessing the scene from a distance she sings \\"I see them gathered, see them on the shore/I turned to look once more/And he who knows me not/Takes me to the belly of darkness\\" and hears them say \\"Teach my beloved children/Who have been enslaved/To reach for the light continually\\". The way Sade reaches from the past to remind those of us today to never forget in a non preachy way is spellbinding. Excellent storytelling.<br /><br />The soft as a lullaby The Sweetest Gift is dedicated to Sade's then 4 year old daughter Ila. \\"Quietly while you were asleep/The moon and I were talking/I asked that she'd always keep you protected/She promised all the sweetest gifts/That only the heaven's could bestow/You bring your light and shine like morning\\". It's not clear how Sade's lover betrayed her, but she \\"found a picture\\" and asks him \\"how could you be so careless?/How could you have done that to us?\\" She \\"loved you like a child/I really trusted you\\", but not anymore. A man's voice quietly chanting \\"love is what the word was\\" in a Jamacian accent in the background adds to the eeriness of the track.<br /><br />Immigrant reflects on the racism Sade's Nigerian father faced after marrying her English mother. \\"He didn't know what it was to be black/'Till they gave him his change/But didn't want to touch his hand/To even the toughest among us/That would be too much\\" Sade sounds understandably angry yet proud at the same time that her father never let that break him. The tropical flair of Lovers Rock lightens the mood. Although Sade is far away from the one she loves, she \\"won't fall apart completely\\" because \\"You are the lovers rock/The rock that I cling to/You're the one/The one I swim to in a storm/Like a lovers rock\\".<br /><br />The dusky hymn It's Only Love That Gets You Through is a wonderful closer. With only a church organ and piano backing her, Sade reminds herself that \\"tenderness comes from pain\\" and \\"It's down a rugged road you've come/Though you had every reason/You didn't come undone/Somehow you made it to the other side\\".<br /><br />Although it's more down tempo and less lively than her other work, Lovers Rock is a welcome addition to Sade's catalog and should be in your collection, Sade fan or not. Sometimes it takes a while for the nuances to get to you. Most slowburners do.er marrying her English mother. \\"He didn't know what it was to be black/'Till they gave him his change/But didn't want to touch his hand/To even the toughest among us/That would be too much\\" Sade sounds understandably angry yet proud at the same time that her father never let that break him. The tropical flair of Lovers Rock lightens the mood. Although Sade is far away from the one she loves, she \\"won't fall apart completely\\" because \\"You are the lovers rock/The rock that I cling to/You're the one/The one I swim to in a storm/Like a lovers rock\\".   The dusky hymn It's Only Love That Gets You Through is a wonderful closer. With only a church organ and piano backing her, Sade reminds herself that \\"tenderness comes from pain\\" and \\"It's down a rugged road you've come/Though you had every reason/You didn't come undone/Somehow you made it to the other side\\".   Although it's more down tempo and less lively than her other work, Lovers Rock is a welcome addition to Sade's catalog and should be in your collection, Sade fan or not. Sometimes it takes a while for the nuances to get to you. Most slowburners do.
B0035G0U2O|2.0|For as long as this movie is it packs a Ton of action, little story and plenty of cliche into it.    I stopped counting the 'near miss' deaths of the main characters after like 100.    While they use Hollywood cliche life-saving luck for most of the movie amidst the never ending    explosions, there is little script.  The script they do have is only ok.  No real story...    there are some moments that tug at the heart strings, but not hard to do when you tell any story    and put in death or potential death of family (the family you've been acquainted with).    Other than the never-ending cliche and poor script, the main character family seems to care little    about the BILLIONS of people dying around them.  Its not even mentioned, and is almost laughable.    I'd say its worth the 3.00 rental.. not worth buying or paying 7.00 in the theatres.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|I don't think you find a better example of a dog's devotion to his master than this one, a based-on-a-true-life tale of a dog who was into a routine of meeting his beloved male owner every day at 5 p.m. at the train station.    Kudos to Richard Gere for a nice performance. This is definitely not he kind of film he usually does but he explains in a bonus feature, \\"I read the script, cried, and couldn't say no.\\"  The story was too good for him to pass up.     That's my recommendation to you: watch the DVD, sit back and enjoy a nice memorable tale of man's best friend, exhibiting loyalty such as you have never seen.
0465092764|4.0|As a moderately knowledgeable chemical physicist (A's in QM--1st year and advanced--at Harvard from J. Schwinger), I had hoped for more than just listings of theorems.I know group theory and had a vague idea of what the group names denoted, but I think a non-physicist would be completely swamped . The chapter on accelerators was enlightening, but it could have been merged with the development of the Standard Theory to show better the interaction of theory and experiment.  The later chapters--12 through 16--were excellent: string theory..., an evaluation; on beauty and difficulty; is superstring theory science; the only game in town; the landscape of string theory--and I would have been glad to purchase the book just for these.   I was reminded, reading Richard Feynman's derogatory quote about string theorists \\"anything that doesn't agree with an experiment--they cook up an explanation\\", of the similar pattern for anthropic global warming enthusiasts.
B002UNMW7O|3.0|Boondock Saints was my All Time favorite movie for about 5 years.  It is STILL in my Top Five Movies of ALL TIME.  I loved everything about Boondock I and was expecting atleast SOMETHING close with Boondock II.<br /><br />I got a mockery.<br /><br />There was less action, less dark humor, less plot, less acting, and far less directing.  I don't know if they were pressed for time, or pressed for money, or just bad direction... but it was bad.<br /><br />In the first 15 minutes, I'm trying to decide if the 3 goon cops (from Boondock I, but who cared about them?) are the main characters, or if the Brothers are.  Because from what I remember from Boondock I, the Brothers were guys who got sick and tired of the Irish and Italian mobs and they took matters into their own hands.  In Boondock I, the movie was dark and mysterious and downright SEXY (with small bouts of darkly funny humor like the exploding cat scene).  In the 1st, the Brothers had an agenda: To right wrongs.  In 2nd, the Brothers were only trying to clear their name.  But they were acting as if they had been hired assassins for YEARS, when in actuality, it was kind of a spur-of-the-moment thing in BDS 1.<br /><br />This one, we've got the lighting that resemebles the 90s cult movie Clerks.  We've got scenes that are a mockery of Kill Bill moments.  We've got a terrible soundtrack with cheesy background songs.  (They're picking out guns and a crappy love song comes on?  I know you are supposed to treat your guns like \\"ladies\\" but c'mon.  This movie needed PUMP)  We've got a lady overacting (that Southern accent was laid on way too thick).  We've even got some guy shitting his pants. (is that really necessary?) We've got way too many one-liners, a \\"funny guy\\" who ain't funny (the cop guys, I liked Romeo), way too many words (way over-scripted), and just too much \\"trying to be cool\\" instead of just \\"being cool.\\"<br /><br />As far as the actual killer in the beginning who is mimicing the Brothers, I noticed in the first five minutes that he was wearing lifts in his shoes to make him taller.  Then, the cop pointed out the he was wearing lifts when she redesigned the crime scene.  Then, the director showed a shot of the shoes which had a picture with lifts.  Then, the killer had to put on one shoe and they made a big production out of showing us that he was about 2 inches taller when wearing the shoes.  I'm smart.  I don't need you to point out every single thing.  In the end, it didn't even matter that he wanted to be taller.  LAME.<br /><br />The female cop was obviously a fill-in for the gay cop from the first movie.  There was no change there, except the female in this one was played up way too much to be some kind of sex symbol.  They even had slow motion scenes.  If she was a real detective, she would not be wearing 4\\" heels.  I'm a chick who loves her heels, and I still think it was dumb to play up her part so much.<br /><br />The Brothers were the best.  Norman Reedus has still got it.  They've aged a bit in the last 10 years since BDS, but they were fantastic.  Apart from the obviously scripted bickering in the warehouse, their relationship is still fantastic and it was believable.  I wish the director really focused on them.  And I wish he hadn't made light of their whole agenda to begin with.  It's like they FORGOT that BDS were badass \\"normal\\" guys who just got tired of the crap that was going on around them.<br /><br />There were inconsistencies.  In BDS, they only performed the cross-aimed back of the head gunshot through the eyes to the mob bosses.  In BDS 2, they performed it to almost anyone.<br /><br />You ever see \\"Can't Hardly Wait\\"?  Well, \\"Boondock Saints II: All Saints Day\\" is Seth Green's character.<br /><br />They're indicating a 3rd BDS.  I hope to god they do it.<br /><br />But this time, choose a director who's going to let the Brothers be as awesome as they are.  no spoofing, no copying past plots, no gimmicky one-liners and over-scripted parts.Just let the Brothers run the show.  Because after all, it is THEIR show.
031606792X|1.0|I am a speed reader and can go through books like these very fast.  My talent only works with books I enjoy and get the rythm going.  I got into Breaking Dawn and ground to a complete stop, thinking \\"Who wrote this book?\\".  I do not think she did it, it was such a complete change of writing style.  I struggled through and just put it on the shelve shaking my head.  I had to get on Amazon and do my first review!  I also wanted to see if others had the same thought that I did, she did not write it!  I saw that time and time again in the posts.  Was this book meant for teenagers?  There would be no way I would ever let my teen read the 4th book!  How in the world are they going to make this into a movie?  It would have to be rated R.  I will not go on because it has been covered nicely by the other disgruntled posters.
B0015AARJI|3.0|Este dispositivo te Permite competir en grupo y familia El Disfrute de la consola de juego y ser mas ameno el tiempo.
B000ELJBAA|3.0|i am a huge  daid gilmour  fan   .  about face is a big change  from the pink floyd  style   that  david is best known  for   david once said in a interview that song writing   comes hard  to him .  how ever after saying that i feel  david  nailed it with   the song murder.  this song sells the  cd   i feel.  the rest of the cd it a nice listen .
B002S0OBMS|1.0|First of all, I'd like to say right up front that I am a tremendous admirer of Andrew Lloyd Webber. I am not one of those people who write reviews only to bash him and denounce his life's work as unsubstanciated trash; nor am I one of those manic \\"Phans\\" who are all torch-and-pitchfork for any attempt at a sequel that comes rolling their way. I'm simply a fan of both him and his previous works who was highly disappointed.     When I first found out there was going to be a sequel to \\"Phantom\\", I hoped Sarah Brightman and Michael Crawford would come back to repise their roles. After listening to this album, I am so glad they didn't. I was sorely let down by the quality of \\"Love Never Dies\\", and taking part in it would have only brought them down in my own estimation.     I had heard alternately positive and negative reviews for this show; being a big fan of the original, I was a little curious about this, though leery of the setting at Coney Island. After some deliberation, I decided to just go ahead and take a listen. My fears were justified.     Love Never Dies is a tremendous monstrosity. Set in 1907, ten years after the events of the \\"Phantom of the Opera\\" (Time discrepancy anyone? I thought the original took place in 1881. Hmm...), and set in New York, or more specifically, Coney Island, of all places, the Phantom has built himself up as an innovator for the freak-shows and attractions at the park. Calling himself Mr. Y, he devises a plan to lure Christine from Paris to sing. To make a long story short, she arrives, tragedy ensues, and the whole thing ends just as abysmally as it starts.     The plot is ridiculously kitsch and predictable. You needn't even have to see it live to know what direction it's going to take, and even then it is beyond unbearable. Even the title itself is deplorable, for SPOILER HERE: one of the principle characters is \\"done away with\\", for lack of another phrase, in a rather merciless and unnecessary manner, proving that love does indeed die (I hope I didn't give away too much). Lust never dies would be a far more fitting moniker. What should be a celebration of the strength of love and its ability to persevere through any circumstance is instead reduced to a wake, displaying in vivid color the irrevocable tragedy caused by it and the destructive effect it has upon people's lives.     As a word of note to fans of the original, I would like to point out how far removed and very different from \\"Phantom\\" this is; much too different. Andrew Lloyd Webber freely admitted that this was going to be a completely separate work, and in case it doesn't meet your expectations (it REALLY failed to meet mine), he at least met that one.     In case you're wondering, don't go looking for any continuation musically. There is no romantic lullaby like \\"Music of the Night\\" or a beautiful, longing ballad like \\"Wishing You Were Somehow Here Again\\". Instead, those greats have been replaced by songs like \\"The Beauty Underneath\\", a weird, pounding, rock-stomp, or \\"Beneath a Moonless Sky\\" which left me feeling sick to my stomach. We all knew ALW was secretly bursting to include more rock in POTO. In LND he's gotten his chance, and boy, did he go all out.     Even character-wise, nothing is the same. The characters are desecrated and made largely one-dimensional, with enough problems to fill an entire season of \\"As the World Turns\\". All of the beautiful characterization that was put into the Phantom himself is done away with for LND. I never though Ramin Karimloo made a very good Phantom, and, unfortunately, it seems the revised character was written around his lackluster portrayal. The Phantom is made very uninteresting. He has no style, no grace, no nobility, and no personality. He's little more than a shadow of his former self. He's no longer a genius, but a freak-show sell-out, everything he aspired not to be in both Leroux's novel and the original play--heck, he isn't even scary!     The rest of the cast is also changedconsiderably. Meg (little Meg Giry!), has seriously gone to the dark side in her role as the lead \\"Ooh-la-la girl\\", a group of seriously underdressed showgirls. For supposedly being French, she comes off too brash and brassy, and not at all the sweet little member of the corps de ballet. Christine is too flat and boring, and doesn't have any of the really sweet, innocent qualities she used to that made her such a compelling character. Oh, and to top it all off, Raoul is a bitter, gambling drunkard, totally lacking in sympathy and warmth. What a group of winners. None of them are in any way appealing; there is far too much anger running through them, enough that it makes you, as the listener, uncomfortable. It really left me wondering,\\"What was anyone thinking?\\" or more probably, \\"Were they thinking?\\". And the resounding answer to that question is No.     What really tore me up emotionally was the lack of sympathy and honest devotion between the Phantom and Christine. Their first meeting, for instance, which should have been a sweet homage to their parting at the end of POTO is nothing more than a gruff confrontation, ending in a sickening duet showcasing an overabundance of bawdiness. The only touching emotional conflict in the whole show is that the Phantom hasn't written any decent music since Christine left him, and has instead produced cheap side-show jingles. A nice tribute, but it leaves me to wonder, did he write the music for LND too?     Concerning the music, Andrew Lloyd Webber has really lost his touch here. The entire score feels like it was written by someone else. Grating, disturbing, and for all intents and purposes Tim-Burton-esque, it is slow-moving and nowhere near the caliber of any of his other work. It doesn't leave you feeling uplifted, but drained and unsettled instead. There is nothing pretty or romantic about it. It has has none of the sweeping, grandiose melodies of POTO, and if you didn't know any better, you could easily pass this off asa very poor imitation of a usually good composer.     The songs here aren't even sappy. They're just bad. I actually had to stop and walk away from listening for a while before I got through it, they are just that terrible. They sound like cheap, third-rate songs tossed hap-hazardly into your average third-rate American musical. There is all flash and no substance, and what a weak flash it is, too. The lyrics are clunky and cumbersome, and if they weren't so utterly ridiculous, maybe you'd be able to focus on some of the better points of the score itself. There's hardly a tune out of the whole lot I can remember enough to hum or would even care to. None of them are memorable and certainly will not be ones that are still popular some 20-odd years later. The only exception is the title song \\"Love Never Dies\\", which is very beautiful and classic, a real show-stopper; but is sadly the one and only, and is nothing more than an ominous portent when taken in context with the show.     All of the gorgeous operatic sensibilities that made the original Phantom stand out have been uprooted seemingly for the sake of appeasing those who objected to \\"too much Opera\\". Excuse me? It was set inside an Opera house, written by a man who was an opera critic, and has the very word displayed quite blatantly in the title.     As a major fan of POTO I admit to have listened to the original album more times than I can count. I certainly couldn't stand to listen to this album more than once without my head exploding or my eardrums bursting from the overwhelming shrillness of each piece, coupled with the overly-repetetive introduction of electric guitars. The cast as singers are only annoying and seem perfectly content with their terrible habit of over-acting and under-singing lines, which is only magnified by what dribble the material is that they have to work with.     The score by itself certainly has some merit, but with different lyrics and better story I can see working, ideally, in another show, one totally unrelated to \\"Phantom\\"     Those who are more familiar than I am with Webber's earlier works will probably deem this classic ALW; edgy, slightly irreverent, and definitely different than anything else standing in musical theatre; but for something as a follow-up to a show based in an opera house, that style just doesn't fit.     In few words, Love Never Dies is a chaotic, unexciting spectacle (and I mean spectacle in a bad way). It certainly has no makings for being a theatre classic, nor a timeless masterpiece. It doesn't have the nostalgic feel of \\"Phantom of the Opera\\", nor the sense of tension or anticipation that was so apparent throughout all of the score. The dismal choice of setting is so completely unsuited to the core subject, it's hard to even believe anyone gave it the green light. I completely understand that ALW aimed to be different, but honestly, when you're dealing with a sequel, shouldn't it at least be a little cohesive to where you started from?     I really blame Mr. Webber for his choice of Glenn Slater as lyricist and Fredrick Forsyth's novel as source material. Don't get me wrong; I think Mr. Webber is a gifted composer who has produced some of the best theater works in the last forty years, nearly all of which have been received as world-renowned smash-hits; but I personally don't see this as one of his best. The stinker lyrics and bad choice of source material bring it all down. I honestly believe he would have done much better if he had tried to come up with a story himself, rather than depend on the atrocious sell-out \\"Phantom of Manhattan\\" is.     In tone, the show is far too dark and depressing. There is no mystery and absolutely no magic; humor is nonexistent. The romance and wonder is gone, only to be replaced by a drawn-out nightmarish bore. It has none of the poignancy and brilliance of the original, and doesn't carry over well as a continuation of the original story. Honestly, it reminded me of the Joel Schumacher movie adaptation of \\"Phantom\\": bad acting, bad orchestration, so-so singers, and enough grit to sandpaper superglue off a wall. Those who enjoy bodice-busting tales of carnage might like this one, but for those of us who liked the Phantom the way he was, beware.     To quote the Phantom himself (not Karimloo's Phantom, but his earlier incarnations), Love Never Dies is a \\"lamentable mess\\", to put it kindly, and if you are a fan of the original you'll avoid this one. I sure wish I had.
B001IAOEXU|5.0|I generally love everything about my PS3, but one thing that really bugs me is the design of the controller. Why in the world did Sony design a convex trigger instead of a concave one?    With the stock controller, your fingers tend to slip off the trigger buttons, especially during racing games when R2/L2 serve as the accelerator and brakes, meaning you are holding them for long periods of time.    These Dual Triggers fix that completely. No more slipping! Plus they just feel much better. They are easy to install -- just snap them on and you are good to go. They won't come off unless you intentionally pry them off or drop the controller on a hard surface.    Overall, it's $5 well spent. Once you get used to them, it is hard to play with a controller that doesn't have them.
B002VPE1B6|3.0|I have to wait for the 3d release of this movie. Same for the release of Lord of the Rings Extended Editions. So waiting time begins.
B001MYIXAW|5.0|After reading a few other reviews stating that Amazon finally has the theatrical subtitled version in stock, I decided it was time to pick this up. I received my copy today and certainly received the theatrical version! I cannot guarantee you'll get the same version (the disclaimer at the top of the item page seems to indicate that), but it does seem that they are shipping this version more often than not at this point.<br /><br />Also, I want to note that the Amazon Unbox version that is included with your purchase (as of this writing) disappointingly has the home video subtitles, and after watching this version of the film for about 15 minutes, I had to stop. The home video subtitles literally feel like you're reading \\"See Spot. See Spot Run.\\" Atrocious. For anyone that gave this film a low rating and this is the version you saw, you owe it to yourself to re-watch this film with the theatrical subtitles. It makes all the difference in the world.<br /><br />Now, on to my actual review...<br /><br />Movie:<br />As far as vampire movies go, there hasn't been a lot of innovation over the years. We have hokey Dracula pics, very dark Nosferatu style films, action movies like Underworld and Blade, and (God help us) teen dramas like Twilight. And, for the most part, that's pretty much been it. \\"Let The Right One In\\" is something altogether different. This film is very personal, and seems to touch on a portion of the vampire mythos that gets glossed over in most films. The vampire in this film (Eli) is purely evil, and I use the word \\"evil\\" in its most literal sense. Eli is a terrifying creature. But having said that, Eli also has a desire to experience and remember what it was once like to be human, and in that regard, this is also the most strikingly human vampire I've ever seen in a movie. The contrast between Eli as purely evil and also grasping to hold on to what little humanity she has left is very moving, disturbing, and heartbreaking. More than any other vampire movie, \\"Let The Right One In\\" makes you believe that a creature such as this could actually exist, which is possibly the most frightening aspect of the film. Instead of resorting to blood and cheap scares to frighten you (although there certainly is blood in the film, this is still a vampire movie after all), this film frightens you with your own emotions.<br /><br />Blu-Ray:<br />I'm not going to go into a ton of detail here, but I will say that the picture and audio quality is phenomenal. You really get a sense of the intensity of the cold through both the crisp visuals and the subtleties of the audio. As cannot be stated enough, you absolutely must get the edition with the theatrical subtitles (as indicated by the \\"ENGLISH (Theatrical)\\" tag on the back of the case). You are doing yourself a serious disservice by watching this film with the god-awful home video subtitles.<br /><br />Bottom Line:<br />This film may not be for everyone. This isn't a Hollywood vampire film by any means. But, if you enjoy horror films that use mood, atmosphere, and emotion as the catalyst for creating terror, this film is very highly recommended. Just as the cover art states, this may very well be the best vampire movie ever, as far as I'm concerned anyway.makes you believe that a creature such as this could actually exist, which is possibly the most frightening aspect of the film. Instead of resorting to blood and cheap scares to frighten you (although there certainly is blood in the film, this is still a vampire movie after all), this film frightens you with your own emotions.    Blu-Ray:  I'm not going to go into a ton of detail here, but I will say that the picture and audio quality is phenomenal. You really get a sense of the intensity of the cold through both the crisp visuals and the subtleties of the audio. As cannot be stated enough, you absolutely must get the edition with the theatrical subtitles (as indicated by the \\"ENGLISH (Theatrical)\\" tag on the back of the case). You are doing yourself a serious disservice by watching this film with the god-awful home video subtitles.    Bottom Line:  This film may not be for everyone. This isn't a Hollywood vampire film by any means. But, if you enjoy horror films that use mood, atmosphere, and emotion as the catalyst for creating terror, this film is very highly recommended. Just as the cover art states, this may very well be the best vampire movie ever, as far as I'm concerned anyway.
1567184855|2.0|Dr. Newton has methodically collected examples from sessions with his patients on what is called the afterlife. And that is all it is - a methodical collection. And Dr. Newton has methodically put together a book on these sessions. No proof but from what he has heard and what he chooses to write. It appears that all we do in this life and in the afterlife according to this book is learn. We also appear to be able to choose our own bodies, again according to this book. (Very questionable in fact highly unbelievable). That is where I had to put this book on the list of fantasy growers and hopefuls for a brighter future. Dr. Newton is the quack of book writers. To make my point exact and why I question the body picking part that this book claims a soul will choose and enter is that I am sure that Bernie Madoff wanted to comeback and rip off all of those people and that all of those people wanted to come back and be ripped off by Bernie Madoff (and let it happen all of those years undiscovered until recently).<br /><br />Do you get what I am saying. It is complete and utter madness.<br /><br />Why would we want to continually have a conflicting world (Earth) and keep coming back to it? You would think that we would just want to live peacefully with no wars and no poverty but no, according to this book we choose our bodies and our lives and we are suppose to re-learn. It is a cycle of complete madness. If the spirit world that these subjects in the book say is so beautiful and state in their hypnotic trance that they do not want to return to Earth, than why do they? Another example on body picking is Hitler. Why would a spirit choose to comeback as Hitler and kill people or any other megalomaniac who has done harm to people. My other question is when does the soul enter the body? Does it enter or choose the body at ejaculation of the man into the women or does it enter when the final sperm hits the egg? Does it enter after the DNA structure has been complete or does it enter after the first few days of conception? Another example to contrast the body picking part is that we have millions starving in this world and to think that millions of souls wanted to come back to this Earth and feel this pain is beyond me. So I am out $23.06 because I purchased both of Dr. Newton's books, which I am sure he is probably buying a few grocery items or giving his car some fuel with, but this book is far from the real deal. When we die (I have suffered three NDE's) we may just die from this world and go to a next - but I cannot see us wanting to return to learn. We are supposed to be a progressing race not a regressing race. But not to contradict myself but after those 3 NDE's I have experienced horrific events where lives have been lost and certain points of this life that have left me in pure poverty at times. So this book is for those who want hope in their lives that something better is out there after this life. I bought it for research but I am still in the debit column for $23.06.<br /><br />UPDATE - I sent them back for a refund - thanks to Amazon.first few days of conception? Another example to contrast the body picking part is that we have millions starving in this world and to think that millions of souls wanted to come back to this Earth and feel this pain is beyond me. So I am out $23.06 because I purchased both of Dr. Newton's books, which I am sure he is probably buying a few grocery items or giving his car some fuel with, but this book is far from the real deal. When we die (I have suffered three NDE's) we may just die from this world and go to a next - but I cannot see us wanting to return to learn. We are supposed to be a progressing race not a regressing race. But not to contradict myself but after those 3 NDE's I have experienced horrific events where lives have been lost and certain points of this life that have left me in pure poverty at times. So this book is for those who want hope in their lives that something better is out there after this life. I bought it for research but I am still in the debit column for $23.06.    UPDATE - I sent them back for a refund - thanks to Amazon.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I bought this dvd for the days I can not make it to the gym. It does the trick and more. I love that in 30 minutes I get a full body workout including abs and cardio. You don't need a bunch of equipment, only need a small set of weights to begin. Although I wanted to punch Jillian a few times during the routine, in the end I was very happy I did those final reps.
B0026P3G12|3.0|i did not enjoy the selections.  in my opinion the cuts were too one sided with no opportunity for her to flex her voice.
0393072231|1.0|Is the decision to bypass electronic distribution based on something other than economics?  Michael Lewis should explain the math to his publisher.  I can buy a new hardcover edition on Amazon for $15 and share it with at least 3 people -- much less profitable than each of us buying our own $10 kindle download.  We're paying more for the convenience of e-distribution, not less, and it's costing them less.  Why isn't it available?
B002L3RVCY|5.0|Season One of the Clone Wars is simply put, outstanding.    Voice work is great, CGI is beautiful to look at, and the music (even though it's quite a departure from William's standards) is also perfectly done.    Even though the epsiodes are each less than a half hour, they all have a huge scope and nice character development.     While it is animated and broken down into the short episode format, the Clone Wars has greater story strength and is even more \\"adult\\" than the prequel triology ever was.    For Star Wars fans new and old, and even those left with a bitter taste from the prequel era films, you owe it to yourself to check out Season One of the Clone Wars.
B002XMGGK6|5.0|This is one of those movies where it's hard to tell the \\"good guys\\" from the \\"bad guys\\". Suspense filled, it will keep you wondering, even when you think you have it all figured out!
1400052173|5.0|I became interested in this book after seeing a review in the local paper. When I worked in a research institute, I actually worked with this cell line, it intrigued me to learn more, and I felt a personal connection.<br /><br />This book far exceeded my expectations. It was very well researched and written. I found myself fascinated with what had happened to Henrietta Lacks, her surviving family, and their progeny. There were many areas in this book that moved me to tears. The injustice done to Henrietta Lacks AND especially to her family really made me angry. Even a tiny portion of profits from the sales and resale of Mrs. Lack's cells could have made a huge difference in her family's lives. I was greatly saddened at the news of one of the key character's passing away. This individual should have been able to see the result of the many years of time spent telling their family story to the author. Even more sad was that she didn't get to enjoy the release of the long awaited book release.<br /><br />I went to the website that Rebecca Skloot set up, and was glad to see that they are in fact working on establishing the Henrietta Lacks Foundation, which should benefit the family through donations. Ms. Skloot should be highly commended for undertaking this not so small task of rebuilding the facts around Henrietta Lacks' too short personal life, and the long one of her immortal cancer cells. A MUST READ.
B002ZTIIXK|4.0|This was a great a track set alittle slow in the middle but picked up again.
B002S0OBN2|2.0|In the booklet that accompanies this set, Lord Lloyd Webber muses \\"When does the bookwriter's job stop? How much do I,as composer,shape and drive the show?\\"<br /><br />Good questions, but if he doesn't know this now after 40 years of writing musicals, isn't it a little late to start learning?<br /><br />Although no one ever asked for it, what he is offering here is a sequel to a show that does not need, nor require any further comment.<br /><br />But 22 years on Broadway (24 in London) and countless millions of dollars in CD and ticket sales encouraged Webber and to say the results are disappointing is an understatement. We get more of his brand of recitative that ruined SUNSET BLVD, ASPECTS OF LOVE and other shows he has written. When the big arias do emerge they sound so much like all his other big numbers. Creative recycling? Perhaps, but it doesn't seem to serve the story.<br /><br />Two piece do. The Coney Island Waltz and Till I Hear You Sing. The rest is flat, dull and devoid of any real musical invention. (I'll get to the lyrics in a moment.)  Webber seems to thing he is writing a movie score but instead of having the dialogue spoken over the music it is sung and the results are not pleasing to the ears.<br /><br />Maybe he should write a ballet and then only have to worry about composition and not about text. Because, ever since he broke off from Toim Rice the books and lyrics for all subsequent shows have been found wanting and LOVE NEVER DIES is no exception. Glen Sater and Ben Elton come up with no lines that dazzle the ear with a bit of plot info or character insight. No doubt they went along with it because of the promise of great financial rewards so who can blame them but didn't anyone tell these people that the MOST important element of a musical play is the text???<br /><br />If you have read other reviews by me you will note that I have never connected with most of Andrew Lloyd Webber's shows. The scores sometimes throw off an interesting melody but often it is thwarted by ineffectual<br />lyrics. True, his big successes have been blockbusters of epic proportions. CATS ran 18 years on Broadway. PHANTOM is still going having just (as I write this) entered its 23rd year in New York. That is phenomenal success that extends far beyond Times Square in a way so few musicals do these days. That has helped the theatre industry to no end, giving jobs to thousands of very talented performers and enticing new and particularly young fans to share the magic of live theatre. I do not begrudge anyone success..I just wish the shows were better.<br /><br />Reviews from London have been very mixed. The British critics (as is their nature) gave high marks for the fantastic scenic effects, but others were (like me) disturbed by the poor writing. Audiences too have been split, some loving it others dubbing it \\"Paint Never Dries.\\"<br /><br />I must say Decca's package doesn't help much with the recording. Webber's note and a brief background on Coney Island but no synopsis or libretto is included. A shame because judging by the sound effects there is action happening that cannot be seen here. Another failing of a poorly produced cast recording. (IT is NOT a soundtrack...unless the cast are lip-synching to the CD while performing on stage?)<br /><br />I would be very happy to hear from people who like this show to enlighten me about what they think works in this recording.True, his big successes have been blockbusters of epic proportions. CATS ran 18 years on Broadway. PHANTOM is still going having just (as I write this) entered its 23rd year in New York. That is phenomenal success that extends far beyond Times Square in a way so few musicals do these days. That has helped the theatre industry to no end, giving jobs to thousands of very talented performers and enticing new and particularly young fans to share the magic of live theatre. I do not begrudge anyone success..I just wish the shows were better.    Reviews from London have been very mixed. The British critics (as is their nature) gave high marks for the fantastic scenic effects, but others were (like me) disturbed by the poor writing. Audiences too have been split, some loving it others dubbing it \\"Paint Never Dries.\\"    I must say Decca's package doesn't help much with the recording. Webber's note and a brief background on Coney Island but no synopsis or libretto is included. A shame because judging by the sound effects there is action happening that cannot be seen here. Another failing of a poorly produced cast recording. (IT is NOT a soundtrack...unless the cast are lip-synching to the CD while performing on stage?)    I would be very happy to hear from people who like this show to enlighten me about what they think works in this recording.
B002C6K7N0|3.0|I've been a metal fan and followed Megadeth off and on since the 80's. I concur with the opinion that this CD has some awesome guitar work but overall lacks the chemistry that makes you feel alive and keeps you coming back for more. Dave's changed his singing style towards speaking his lyrics versus the solid choruses evident in their \\"tier 1\\" records. Overall, I am impressed with their latest offerings but would recommend United Abominations over Endgame due to superior lyrics and better hooks. On another note, I missed Cryptic Writings during a departure from metal in the mid 90's. Wow, it has definitely aged well and holds up with some of the band's strongest albums.
0061703257|5.0|I had to give this five stars because it's well written, moves fast, and gives the reader nearly all the information needed to accurately anticipate an ending that rises steeply and suddenly.  Complicated characters. It isn't at all what I expected and this isn't a genre I care for.  But even accurately labeling the genre spoils the plot, so I won't.  Ask someone who's read this and knows your preferences whether you would like it.
B00006CXSS|5.0|This series of Band of brothers should be seen by everyone especially by the greatest generation! My uncles were in those very places and it really touches me. I have a son still in the military (20) years with two tours to Iraq. I gave him Band of Brothers for his birthday when it first came out. He still watches it whenever he can. God Bless America! Marguerite Kevan
B001SWQYGI|5.0|This is a great multi-headphone amp for a home studio.  I do a lot of multi-track recording and have found this to be a simple, inexpensive solution to connecting multiple headphones to one audio source.  I find it necessary to listen to sessions very loud at times but have never needed to turn the dial up more than halfway because the power output is more than sufficient to blow the coils off most headphones - that's a good thing!  The noise level is very low - with the levels turned up full (with no input plugged in) the noise output of the unit is barely noticeable.  The extremely compact size is both a plus and a minus.  The plus is, obviously, it is able to fit just about anywhere.  The minus is that the unit is so small that the weight of the 1/4inch headphone cables causes the unit to tip up and slide right off the table if not fastened down in some way.  I merely put a small peg under one of the cables and that worked fine. Definitely worth it.[[ASIN:B001SWQYGI Behringer MicroAmp HA400 Ultra-Compact 4-Channel Stereo Headphone Amplifier]]
B002MQYOFW|5.0|i couldnt put this book down ! literally. i stayed up until 3 just to finish it.  i love the &#34;romance&#34; between peeta and &#34;catnip&#34;. this story had a captivating plot with lofty allinces and strong ones too.  full of beytrayal and true love, lies and truth this book sucks you in and leaves you HUNGRY for the next one. with huomoruos moments terrifying moments and romantic moments this book will please even the pickiest of readers. i totally recomend this book.
0399237720|4.0|Book was in a good shape even though a handle was missing which could have made it to be carried as a suitcase as the book is huge.
0061914177|5.0|Overview: \\"Pursue your passion. Life is short, enjoy it.\\"<br /><br />The book goes into blogging, which is not my favorite medium of communication. However, the overall theme of \\"pursue your passions\\" is a theme everyone should learn to follow. Many people are too afraid.<br /><br />My advice: Get over it.<br /><br />@gundamwing4132
0061564893|1.0|hasn't this theory been totally discredited by historians?  The books own \\"facts\\" don't even hold together and are contradictory.  According to an account on NPR, at least one of the maps has been revealed to be a fraud created expressly for the book and another is believed to have been created more that 100 years after the author suggests not but Chinese but by Jesuits and later doctored to add Chinese characters and eliminate the original Western language and references.
B00328G4V6|2.0|I really wanted this album to be extraordinary. As it is though, I'm completely underwhelmed by it .    Considering the hype that the Hendrix Estate was able to generate when it was announced that this album was forthcoming,  \\"Valleys of Neptune\\" is for the hard-core Hendrix devotee who hungers to hear each and every note Jimi played or word he sang regardless of merit .     Perhaps I'll listen one or two more times but it's destined to be traded in at the used CD / record shop.
B00275EGWY|5.0|We made war because we were motivated by fear, by the propaganda of the demagogues under the guise of just cause, and not only of just cause but of necessity. They even had me convinced by their mass media barrage of patriotism, their lip-service to Judeo-Christian ideals, and their creation of an environment of fear.    Once into the war, even though our nation was beginning to slowly come to its senses, there was no getting out. We were locked in. We are still locked in.    In the movie, the civilian who appears with the bomb locked around him is used not just as a thriller plot device. It is a metaphor for our own participation in this war. We were locked in, and there are so many locks to break. The interpreters and the man himself cry out that he is, like us, a good man, forced into the situation he is in. That he just wants to return to his family.    The gun-ho, ego-driven, war-addicted Will James (named after the cowboy author but also representative of the Will Force--in a sort of Nietzsche/Schopenhauer sense) wants vengeance for the death of the pirate-video-selling kid, which never happened except in his imagination, and Will conscripts the rest of his team to go after the bad guys on his own cuff. The professional soldier and the everyman counting the days until he can get out of Iraq reluctantly follow, and the everyman is badly wounded, crippled, needlessly.    It turns out that Will had misidentified the kid's body and took them in there, putting their lives at risk as well as creating terror among peaceful native civilians, for nothing.    This incident is a small parable for the whole war.    While we might blame Bush & Co. for this specific war, we could not blame them for the constancy of war in the human condition. On that grander scale, this movie asks the question: Who locks these locks on the everyman civilian, who has so many locks on him that--try as we might to free him--it remains hopeless?    The answer is that the Will Force is the war locker, the hurt locker.  I'm glad that they did not place the duality of politics into the movie, for the movie is not about politics--it is about the human condition.
B00001U0DP|4.0|This is a great movie!  Very Inspirational.  A little sad at the end, but it sends a great message about persevering through rough times.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|I would give this movie zero stars, but I have to settle with giving it one.
B000UJCALI|4.0|The Shining is one of the all-time great horror films, and excellence in several general areas makes it transcend its genre. It is not director Stanley Kubrick's best or most ambitious film but is another jewel in his unparalleled crown; that he was able to master a genre seemingly so far from his territory on his first try is a true testament to his genius. Fans of his denser films may be disappointed by its relative lack of substance, but there are plenty of his signature skills, and those usually not keen on him may be pleasantly surprised.    The film has almost no equal for psychologically thrilling horror. No other film I have seen has held me as expectant; my eyes were fixed on the screen with great intensity and simply could not look away. The tension quickly reaches a fever pitch and never lets go; at times it is near-unbearable - in the best sense of course. Few films get the pulse racing quicker and keep it beating as fast.     Most remarkable of all is that it does all this with almost no traditional horror trappings. There is only one onscreen murder and very little of the usual guts-soaked slashery. Kubrick showed in 2001:  A Space Odyssey that what we do not see is often more powerful than what we do; our minds fills in the blanks more forcefully and powerfully than anything overt likely could have. One would be very hard-pressed to find a more successful \\"less is more\\" example. As in the past, Kubrick also uses music very effectively. Nearly all horror films try, but very few are as successful; it not only builds suspense and heightens foreshadowing, but sparseness is again used to great effect. The points at which it stops are often at least as important as when it begins or plays.     The cinematography is also incredible; Kubrick had long had a deft hand at this but truly outdoes himself here. The camera work is near-faultless, and several shots - such as Jack locked in the pantry with his hand on the release - are nothing less than brilliant. Thefamous blood flow sequence is even better; one of the best scenes ever, it is the preeminent example of how the film uses the power of suggestion to achieve highly-wrought effects one would not have thought possible with such sparseness. Similarly great is the segue from Jack looking at the maze model to his family walking in the actual maze - a superb visual sleight-of-hand on par with 2001's legendary bone/spaceship transition. Lighting is also excellent; dimness is of course another horror film clich, but Kubrick uses it with rare precision and purpose, achieving just the right effect without being obvious or overbearing. Finally, one must not fail to mention the many breathtakingly beautiful shots of both natural beauty and luscious indoor settings.     The basic plot is not horror's most elaborate; simplicity is again key. However, the execution is almost dizzyingly complex. The mix of hyper-realism and strong supernatural overtones was daring and highly influential. Kubrick included innumerable complexities ranging from ubiquitous mirrors and all they signify to deliberate continuity \\"errors\\" to plot ambiguities. The story is told so that many apparently supernatural elements can be naturally explained with varying probabilities. Almost every scene can be interpreted multiple ways, leaving us as dizzy and disoriented as the characters. This is a film that truly rewards close and multiple viewings.    As for the acting, it is of course top-notch. Jack Nicholson's signature performance is one of the greatest ever. Though frightening in the best sense, it is also screamingly funny; the film's wealth of black humor is indeed one of its most overlooked elements. It is very hard not to focus on Nicholson, but six-year-old Danny Lloyd also deserves great praise. His is one of the toughest and best child acting jobs of all-time; particularly impressive is how much depth and emotion he conveys silently.    The closest thing to a downside is something that should beobvious considering that The Shining is unashamed horror - it lacks the philosophical depth and profoundly meaningful themes of Kubrick masterpieces like 2001 and A Clockwork Orange. This is not to say it is without them; there are indeed perhaps as many as the genre allows. For example, like Joseph Conrad's classic story \\"Heart of Darkness,\\" it shows - especially via Jack - that vicious brutality lurks just beneath humanity's ostensibly peaceful and normal surface. It is in danger of coming out at any time and certainly will with the right stimuli. The ballroom scene is also a subtle colonialist critique, and there are nuanced depictions of alcoholism's dangers and family relations. The Stephen King novel on which the script is based focused more on these last and some other issues, disappointing King and some of his fans, and some Kubrick hard-cores bemoan the general lack of profundity. However, nearly all viewers will consider this nitpicking, and it will do little, if anything, to detract from their enjoyment.    All told, The Shining is absolutely essential for anyone even remotely interested in horror, Nicholson, Kubrick, or King and is indeed so generally excellent that anyone looking for a supremely suspenseful and entertaining film should check it out.
0385504225|2.0|I loved The DaVinci Code (read it first), and really enjoyed Angels and Demons.  Liked everything else until now.  I plodded through it because it COULD have worked.  Good idea.  Good plot (generally).  Just did NOT pull together.
B001AII4RM|2.0|This quite-real credit line * pretty much sums up this supremely silly film.<br /><br />I don't blame modern film-makers for wanting to make \\"The Epic of Beowulf\\" accessible to modern audiences. (It's the oldest piece of written English that survives.) The myth is from so long-ago-and-far-away that it's hard going, even in a good translation (such as the Heany). And I don't object to the way the storyline has been altered to make the tale more dramatically coherent. (The screenwriters have the decency to admit it's \\"their version\\".)<br /><br />But the use of motion capture renders much of the film almost risible. Flesh is annoyingly \\"plastic-y\\" and devoid of texture (despite the intentional capture of such texture), except in close-ups -- the naked Hrothgar looks like a vinyl action figure, reminiscent of Stinky Pete in \\"Toy Story 2\\". Worse, the motion-rendering software has no trouble with rapid or abrupt movement, but slower movements look \\"rubbery\\". This system is roughly at the point hand-drawn animation of humans was 80 years ago. ** The \\"suspension of disbelief\\" needed for motion capture to be convincing is not currently possible. The overall effect is of plastic puppets running around on an artificial stage. One wonders why Gollum was so well-done, and the characters in this film are so poor.<br /><br />It's also difficult to forget that the ultra-studly Beowulf is voiced by the overweight, not-very-attractive Ray Winstone. If you like movies with naked CGI characters, you'll probably like this one. But there's little else to recommend it.<br /><br />* She's played Alexander's mother. Wonder how long it'll be before she plays Abraham Lincoln's mother?<br /><br />** Things got better a few years later. Note Snow White's dancing with the dwarfs. It has a fluidity and naturalness missing from \\"Beowulf\\"'s motion capture.
B0002F6BRE|4.0|I'm not really a Will Ferrel fan, but I liked this movie!  It doesn't have the typical Will Ferrel stuff in it, but he was still funny.  Its one of those stories where the character is out of place, which are always funny.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Is very well done.  I wanted to support this lady who worked so hard to<br />succeed and bought the cd.  I was not disappointed.
B002N5N5LG|5.0|This is the only reason why I am at home in front of the television on Thursday night's. This show is so funny. I laugh and laugh until I wet myself. Then I change my clothes, come back, laugh some more, and wet myself all over again!!!
1848565348|5.0|This book collects all eight issues of the limited run series called Kick-Ass.  The premise: a teenage fanboy decides to dress up like a superhero and help people.  He meets with mixed results, but does inspire some copycat superheroes.  The most notable of the other heroes are 10-year-old Hit-Girl and her father, Big Daddy, who go around killing gangsters.  This is a very violent and profane comic book.  Very well written and drawn, and very dark.
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|This movie is just wonderful.  Great simple elegant tale that does not try to be more than it is -- just a great engaging story.<br />this combo pack of disks are an excellent package<br />  The digital copy I downloaded quite simply from ITunes  -- the copy is on my laptop and my I-Touch<br />  the Blu Ray is beautiful with great extra features<br />  the DVD is nice so that if grandaughter wants to watch it in her room (no Blu Ray player) she can go there to watch it.<br /><br />Great movie packaged in multiple ways for multiple viewing options.
B00001SIES|5.0|My 17-year-old son loves this MUSE SHOWBIZ collection. If you like Muse, you should get this cd.
B001P3SA94|5.0|A MOVIE IS A MOVIE...BEYONCE AS ETTA JAMES IS AMAZING...AS WELL OTHERS WERE VERY, VERY GOOD...FACT OR FICTION???????????????  MOST MOVIES A BIT OF BOTH..SO GET A GRIP AND ENJOY THE MOVIE FOR THE MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0547258305|4.0|This was a great book.  It's filled with lots & lot of adventure and action. I liked that in this book the romance was not the main focus.  The few romantic sense where handled delicately and not very detailed.  I totally liked the concept of some people having Graces (born with special abilities).  It made for a very interesting read.  The book was a page turner and very different from anything I've read thus far.<br /><br />I was really close to giving it a 5 star rating but the ending was lacking for me.  The entire books I was so engrossed but when I got to the end, I felt it was too plain and mellow.  I would have like it to end with a great big bang.<br /><br />SPOILER:  I was also disappointed that Katsa was still so against marrying Po.  They were a great match and at the end they went their separate ways.  Basically agreeing to be lovers and seeing each other in a few months.  The entire book was a whirl of excitement and great adventure that I was slightly let down with the ending.  I would have enjoyed a cliffhanger better then the ending we were given.  However, at least there was an ending and it wasn't a bad one either.<br /><br />4.5 star rating for me.  I highly recommend this book.
0061703257|4.0|The book was very well written.  I have not seen the movie yet, but the way the author was able to establish: detailed character(s), plots, and an overall good story, I doubt I will need to spend $12.00 at the movie theater.  I am a movie buff, but this book kept me on my toes the entire read, just like any good movie.<br /><br />I am a twenty-one year old college student on spring break.  This book is one of three that I have read during my days on the beach, and I found this to be a great, and highly entertaining book.  I would recommend this story to any young adult that is interested in thriller/mystery books.<br /><br />Enjoy!
B000AMPZF8|5.0|My 17-year-old son loves this MUSE cd. If you like Muse, you'll like this cd.
B002VWNICW|5.0|One of my favorite movies of all time.  I was thrilled when it finally came out on Blu-ray.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|This is surely among the most brilliant accomplishments in the history of television. The BBC set out to produce the ultimate, definitive look at our planet, and succeeded beyond belief. You will gape in awe at what you see, at times even find yourself holding your breath, and you'll scratch your head in amazement that it was even possible to capture it. It's all the more stunning in Blu-Ray on a big 1080p monitor.
B002CJ5YQW|5.0|I was well pleased with the movie I received and it was shipped so quickly!  I have ordered products from Amazon on occasion and have never been disappointed.  thank you for making my on-line shopping a good experience.
B0034JKZ86|4.0|As many reviewers have pointed out, \\"The Princess and the Frog\\" is Disney's welcome return to the traditional hand-drawn-style animation. What is more important is that the film is helmed by Ron Clements and John Musker, a director team responsible for two great Disney animations - \\"Little Mermaid\\" and \\"Aladdin\\" - and, well, less impressive \\"Treasure Planet.\\" \\"The Princess and the Frog\\" marks the \\"comeback\\" of the creator pair since the ill-fated sci-fi action adventure, and their latest work, though not perfect, is entertaining enough to remind us of the glorious days of Disney animation.    Tiana (voice by Anika Noni Rose, \\"Dreamgirls\\") is a hard-working girl dreaming of one day owning a restaurant in New Orleans. One night she encounters a talking frog begging for just one kiss. This is actually Prince Naveen (Bruno Campos), a spoiled prince magically turned into a frog by voodoo master Dr. Facilier (Keith David). She does, reluctantly though, like in a fairy tale she once read - which is only the beginning of adventures and a romance for Tiana and the prince.    Though \\"The Princess and the Frog\\" is an enjoyable tale with colorful designs and talented cast, it doesn't quite reach the height of classic \\"Little Mermaid\\" as the film lacks two major characteristics: a compelling story and memorable music. The story starts out interesting with a few unexpected turn of events, but it sags a bit in the middle part. The musical part (songs penned by Randy Newman) is good, but not as great as Alan Menken/Howard Ashman's original songs like joyful \\"Under the Sea.\\"    What you have instead is Jazz-age New Orleans and everything associated with the city turned into animation - the swamp, the French Quarter, Mardi Gras and Tiana's Cajun cookbook. The goofy trumpet-playing croc steals every scene from the two leads. Maybe not as great as \\"The Lion King,\\" but \\"The Princess and the Frog\\" is a pleasant fantasy tale.
B000RZGIQ8|5.0|The blu-ray TOP GUN is like watching a whole new movie.  Sure the picture is much better, but THE SOUND makes this work.  I have a 7.1 dolby surround sound system which is 7 speakers plus a sub-woofer (8 total) and the 6.1 soundtrack lights up all the speakers.  During the intial carrier scenes I felt like I was on deck landing the planes.  It was a great experience.<br />Throughout the movie I noticed more details than the standard dvd.  It is not necessary to have a great sound system to experience the improvements made to the blu ray edition, but it sure makes for one heck of an overall experience.
0684824906|5.0|I read this book for a graduate organizational theory class. It was a thoroughly enjoyable read, however, I would advise not choosing it if you are taking two other classes at the same time, as well as being a mother and working full time... :)  I was VERY busy!  The book itself is terrific; whatever you learned about Lincoln in school was nothing!  You will gain insight into one of the most brilliant minds of recent times. A master politician who always remained true to himself and his convictions it will also give you food for thought as to how you conduct yourself professionally as well as socially. There is nothing not to love about this book.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This is one of the best purchases I could've made to improve my health. I've been doing the Shred for a little over a month now, and I haven't felt this good in years! I started the workout at 120 lbs (5'3\\"), so a little out of shape and not liking the way my clothes fit anymore. I hadn't worked out on steadily in years, so the first week or so of the Shred was really tough. I came out of the 30 minute workout so out of breath and pretty much collapsed on the floor as soon as it finished. Now, a month later, I still work up a great sweat but I can do everything Jillian asks of me and come out of the workout feeling refreshed and ready for anything.     Jillian is a taskmaster. She asks a lot of us, but her workout really does pump up the heartrate and work many parts of the body. Believe me, it's worth the 30 minutes each day to feel stronger and have your clothes fit the way you want them to.     Now, I've been doing Level 1 this whole month. I've tried Level 2, but I just don't enjoy it as much, and when it comes to making myself work out every day, I'd prefer to do a workout I enjoy. Level 1 is that for me. Plus, I still work up a sweat every time I do Level 1. So, after a month of doing Level 1 everyday, and maintaining a fairly low-calorie diet, I've lost 3 pounds and 2 inches off of my waist. My arms have never been this toned, and my abs feel strong. I plan on continuing to do Level 1 everyday until I get bored with it and want to move on. Or, until I reach a plateau and find myself not seeing results anymore.    In summary... buy this DVD if you don't have a lot of time to work out but want to get a great quality workout! It's the only workout DVD I've tried that I'm not bored with and that gives me the results I want.
B001N18HO6|4.0|Well i wont say many as most have been already mentioned by others. A great box set from a great album...    The only somehow negative thing for me is that the 2 Ten vinyls + the 2 Ten cds, come in seperate single cardsleeves without lyrics or anything inside when the retail versions (the simpliest legacy editions as they call it) of them come in beautiful gatefold covers with lyriscs inside.  For me to complete the set and make it even better means that I will probably buy those legacy editions seperately to replace the single ones from my box.    Last but not least, musicaly is a breath of fresh air of a really great album and I surely recommend any fan to buy it.
1595141979|5.0|This was a great book and i'm sure if someone reads it they will too.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This version, a bare bones version, is fine for a ton of people.  There are a lot of people like myself who just want to watch a great movie and DON'T want a bunch of extras that we will never watch and don't care about.  I could care less about a bunch of extras on a dvd, its a waste to me.    Avatar itself is a wondrous movie, and it will be awesome in 2D at home on a good tv, this a really great feel-good movie and it immerses you into a fantastic new world.    Also whats great is that this dvd will not only have the best picture and sound possible, but that its in the 1:78 format which means it will fill your WHOLE tv screen instead of the horrible 2:35 format that leaves big letterbox black lines above and beneath the picture, i wish more dvd's would come out in the 1:78 format.    So buy this version unless you HAVE to have extras, its the way to go for me.      And if you havent seen Avatar let me tell you, you will love it.
B000O179EK|5.0|THE BIG LEBOWSKI, A MIX UP BETWEEN LEBOWSKIS BECOMES A COMEDY YOU WON'T WANT TO MISS. JEFF BRIDGES AND JOHN GOODMAN ARE HYSTERICAL TOGETHER AND APART. IT IS A FIGHT TO THE FINISH OVER MONEY THAT DOES NOT BELONG TO THEM AND A BOWLING TEAM THAT WANTS TO WIN A CHAMPIONSHIP. SO MANY TWISTS AND TURNS YOU WILL NOT KNOW WHERE YOU ARE GOING. A MUST SEE MOVIE.
B002OFWG7O|5.0|I own all of their albums and don't really need a greatest hits cd (which I think they should have called it \\"Best of Foo\\") with the exception of the two new songs, the everlong acoustic version doesn't count because It's not really a new song. I bought this because it has almost all of their videos. The only videos not on it are \\"breakout\\" and \\"the one\\" which are both from movie soundtracks and they probably didn't want to pay royalties. The CD is a good compilation of their songs, I would have picked a few more album cuts like \\"hey johnny park\\", \\"let it die\\",or a b-side like \\"down in the park\\" but that gives someone a reason to buy the albums, which are totally worth it. Foo Fighters are one of the only bands from the 90's alternative scene who are actually putting out awesome albums still that are still charting(Pearl Jam doesn't count because there last few had a lot of filler, at least I thought so and John Frusciante just quit the chili peppers). If you don't own anything by the Foo Fighters then buy this. If you do have their stuff then still buy it for the videos alone and give the cd to a homeless person and count it as your good deed for the day.
0451228731|4.0|As a technology person I found this book very entertaining. I was however a little disappointed at the ending which I believe to be a little rushed and cliche. Yet over all the book was very enjoyable and readable.<br /><br />It is clear that author understands technologies and uses them correctly throughout the book. I also enjoyed the theme that the book is based around and find it very believable in many ways yet different enough to make the book engaging.<br /><br />My only disappointment was with the ending in that it ended too quickly and in a 'hollywood' way rather than in a more intellectual way that had been the theme for the rest of the book. The book is still very enjoyable in its current form but I would have liked to see an ending that was a little more intriguing.<br /><br />Overall I would say that if you are into technology and the Internet then you will enjoy this book. It is both easy to read and engaging touching on many of the experiences that a geek like me is intimate with.
B00275EGWY|5.0|\\"The Hurt Locker,\\" this year's Oscar winner, is a very intense Iraq combat film in which Staff Sergeant James (played by Jeremy Renner) is extremely fearless and very adept at defusing planted bombs, but very inept at protecting from harm the men he works closest with. He's a risk-taker, a reckless soldier, who is baffled by civilian life but thrives on the danger of his mission. As a civilian, a fish out of water, an endless line of cereal products in a supermarket flummoxes him, and is a mine field, but yet in a real mine field, he thrives on danger and facing death every day.<br /> He's a complex person who walks fearlessly into an area planted with bombs, but he's not a person to be envied, admired or emulated.<br /> Ironically he has probably saved hundreds of lives by his bomb defusing skills, but saving lives isn't really what motivates him. It is his own personal adrenaline rush, his egotism, and self-absorption which keeps him going. He's not a war lover per se who goes out and slaughters the enemy indiscriminately, but he has the perfect job for his personality because it gives him a chance to play a kind of Russian roulette with his life.<br />The movie shows him in off-duty situations. He's a heavy drinker, heavy-smoker, and a person who enjoys violent interplay with his mates. They don't like him; they hate him and fear him even though at times he briefly shows compassion towards them. He's a man's man in his own mind, a cowboy, but basically a loner.<br />Though filmed in Jordan, you get the feeling that you really are in the mean streets of Iraq. The movie won't bore you; it's violent and bloody, but it's the character of Sergeant James that will stay with you. Is he the kind of man who is going to save the world, or is he part of the problem?
B0015HOFZI|5.0|I had been looking for a turn table I could hook up to my computer so I could transfer my old albums to my computer.  I looked for a long time.  Then I saw this one on Amazon and liked what I read.  So I started checking it out in stores around me.  Amazon had the best deal.  I like the Sony name and trust it and it once again did not let me down.  It was easy to set up and it took the scratches out of my albums and the sound is beautiful.  I love it and would reccomend it to everyone. I get alot of my stuff from Amazon and I like the ease and how fast I receive my purchases.
B000050XEI|5.0|And with that in mind, this is the reason that I purchased this album.  For both car audio & home theater, Enya albums will really put your speakers through a vigorous workout.  The result of this workout is a chance for you to properly tune your system so that it sounds pitch perfect.    Way to go, Enya!
B001BNFR6W|1.0|Like several others I found that many disks were defective, episodes skip, and in some cases make noise in the DVD player. The disks seem to be thinner than a normal disk. Anyway quality did not seem to be high on NBC's agenda for this product so save your dollars, I wish I did.
B0000AK7AB|5.0|Please do not let the negative reviews of this wonderful movie due to the previews at the beginning of the DVD affect your purchasing this classic. Yes, the previews are a minor annoyance, but as long as you have a fast forward, you can use that and get through the previews in a matter of seconds. This is a classic film for the whole family, with that wonderful ending... \\"That'll do pig, that'll do\\".
0571238343|5.0|This book is a must have for animators of all levels. My only wish is that I had the money for the DVDs.
B000002N3N|5.0|And with that in mind, this is the reason that I purchased this album.  For both car audio & home theater, Enya albums will really put your speakers through a vigorous workout.  The result of this workout is a chance for you to properly tune your system so that it sounds pitch perfect.    Way to go, Enya!
0061886041|3.0|If I've read other novels by Dennis Lehane, I don't recall. But the style in which this novel is written is somewhat extreme and for lack of a better term, made the story seem kind of jerky.  It wasn't to my taste and I have yet to finish it.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|I was waiting to see this in the theaters here in the U.S. back in Dec. '09, but it did not get released here, and went straight to DVD for some reason, I'm not sure why.  But all in all, this remake is pretty good, definitely a tear jerker, especially if you are a dog lover.  I had seen the original Japanese version when I was a kid and a few times after that, and I would have to say that if you haven't seen the original, it's definitely worth watching as well - that is truly the most authentic one, and I would have to say, more touching!  The American and Japanese versions mirror each other in many ways, but most notably the part in the beginning is very different, in the circumstances where Hachiko comes into the professor's life.  In the Japanese version (true story), I believe the professor's daughter (who in the Japanese movie is initially represented as pretty self-centered - if you saw it, you know what I mean) originally wanted an Akita and her father reluctantly gets one for her, but a short while after the puppy arrives, the daughter soon gets married and has a kid so the professor slowly becomes the one that take cares of Hachi, since in that version, the daughter is not interested in Hachi and no longer wants a dog whatsoever anymore (as opposed to the daughter in the American version), after she has the boy.  Also, the professor in Hachiko Monogatari doesn't seem to be that into Hachi in the very beginning as Richard Gere's character (because the professor in the Japanese movie wasn't the one who had originally wanted to get Hachi in the first place as explained above), and is much more colder, but then gradually opens up to Hachiko and then he becomes a much sweeter person (to the dog) and they are inseparable.  Other than that and a few other slight differences, everything is pretty similar between the two.  I highly recommend this remake, it's a keeper.  If you think about it though, it is really amazing what Hachiko did in real life for all those years - now THAT is just so incredibly loyal!!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Avatar on Blu-Ray is a day one purchase for any fan of the film.  Yes this version is only the bare bones but later an all out special edition will be released.  If you want this BRD you won't be disappointed!  If you are just complaining because of its bare bones - shut up and move along as you are not reviewing the BRD just commenting on your disatisfaction of this release.  James Cameron will do his best to make this BRD a great release!
B001IAOEXU|4.0|I was not expecting much here, and actually bought this as a filler item to get the free shipping. So, in that sense, it's a deal. But considering it would only cost a few pennies to make the item, the most impressive part is how popular it is as it's almost pure profit.<br /><br />Simply two little pieces of plastic on a card. Pop them on in seconds, and you are good to go. So, what we are paying for here is the concept, not the item. And with that said, the concept is great. There is only a few moments of getting used to the feel, and after playing various games in comparison, you will notice a significant feeling of advanced control. Primarily an illusion, as driving feels like you flooring it, and sniping is a bit more steady, etc. I also notice that I have not had to rest and shake my hands to end a cramp etc.<br /><br />The snap on is instant and easy, and there is no fear of them falling off. In fact, I am sure that these would preserve and protect the original buttons if dropped or used roughly. The list price is about a buck higher than it should be, but if you need to pass the 25 buck mark in your cart, here you go.
6301661737|4.0|I thought this movie was going to bored and not excited at all. Boy was I wrong and total suprised by the action that takes place in this movie. From moment when it gets down explain the background history that movie is based on to the end when The Shadow Warrior is seen in water with the flag, you get drawn into story-line and characters. I orignal order this movie for assignment in my Internaitonl Japan Studies class last semster. Since than I have watch this movie about three times, and each time I am amazed at how the protray each character and tell each character story. Where every you buy your copy from it will be well worth the price, and company who I purchased my from arrived just like they said it would in \\"Used-Very Good\\" condition and within two-four days.
B0033TJATW|5.0|[[ASIN:B0033TJATW Michael Jackson - Moonwalker (NTSC/Region 1)]]  This DVD is awesome we enjoyed it tremendeously. The quality was very good.  It was more than I expected.  Don't let the Asain writng on the back scare you it is all in english.  The only glinch was at the very end with the names and attributions were rolling.  Buy it and enjoy.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Miyazaki is man best describe in one word: \\"Fanastic\\"! His animation work is by far the best when it comes to movies and animation series. The choice of overall story-line, main characters, support characters, and individual story-line for each character is done so perfectly that there no mistake what going to happen, and it getting you thinking from beginning of movie or episode what going to happen next or how is this going to end. Princess Mononoke incorparted everything that I just mention above, to me is one best animation movie done by him. I would also rank in top three for best animation movie of all time. The price was well worth it and company who I purchased it from sent it just a describe Used-\\"Like New\\". It also arrived on time as describe by the company who I order my copy from. You won't be waste any money when you order Miyazaki \\"Princess Mononoke\\"!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|There is a reason this movie is the biggest grossing movie of all time, because it rocks!  Beautiful visuals and great story line.  Touches many of today's issues makes this a must see movie, and to add to your blu ray collection.
B0018M6J90|5.0|By the title, I didn't think I would care for the movie; however, the small below the surface humor continued to keep me interested from beginning to end. A good movie for adult humor, not at all off color or silly but understated pleasure.
1878424114|5.0|I ordered the Seven Spiritual Laws of Success in a rush.  I signed up for a class with this book at its base and the class was about to begin.  My book arrived the day before the class AND the book was in perfect shape and about a quarter of its original price.<br />Sarah
B0033TJATW|5.0|I received the DVD a day before the estimated date for delivery. The DVD case was in PERFECT quality and the DVD Disc itself was in perfect quality. No scratches or anything. Very quick and a wonderful addition to any fans collection. Quality is perfect. I would recommend this product to anyone.
0307266303|5.0|My Mother-In-Law recommended this in audiobook format for me to listen to on the plane trip from Florida to Iraq. I'm in the Air Force and needed something to kill the time on my loooong trip to my deployment. I slept very little on the trip and listened to this entire book. I was so pumped up by this great story and so tired of being cramped up in an airplane for almost 24 hours that when I reached Qatar I immediately went and ran 2 miles in my combat boots! The story telling is done in such a way that by the end of the book you're totally on the edge of your seat waiting to hear the outcome of the big showdown between the ultrarunners. I also liked all of the theories interspersed throughout on running shoes, diet, and how humans are evolved to be distance runners. Just days before leaving my wife talked me into purchasing these goofy new shoes called Vibrams. They make me look like I have big animal paws! After listening to this book, I can't wait to get to Baghdad and fish my Vibrams out of my luggage so I can go for a long run. Thanks, Judy, for the recommendation! Thanks, Pookie Bear, for talking me into the Vibrams! And thanks Oso for inspiring me run like a real human was meant to run!
0525948023|5.0|This book is truly eye opening and inspiring! As I write this I'm almost finished my second reading, that's how much it has touched me. Not long ago a friend recommened it to me to read after sharing with her how empty and unfulfilled I had felt in my own life of late. Now I feel renewed and reinvigorated with a better sense of who I am as a person. Anyone who also desires a better sense of identity and belonging in their lives will gain a greater perspective of that after reading this message. And they will accomplish that by living more consciously, in the present moment, free of the fear and distraction imposed on them by a culture more consumed by the disease of ego, which, in itself, is a false sense of self anyway. In essence, a mask we all wear for the sake of appearance, blinding ourselves and each other to who we really are underneath.<br /><br />Nevertheless, I truly have a greater awareness in me that has been lacking for a long time. A wakefulness which lifts the spirit. And Tolle does so by planting the reader squarely in the present moment, freeing them of their obsession with the past and their anxiety over the future. Truly  liberating them to simply just be. I applaud Eckhart Tolle for an insightful and liberating work. And I sincerely recommend it to anyone who's interested in a copy of their own.<br /><br />[[ASIN:142414888X Reflections on a Journey: The Collective Works of a Poet Storyteller]]
B002GZQY6Q|5.0|Almost all the music I love is UK progressive rock recorded in the 1970s---well before I owned any equipment for playing music.  Porcupine Tree embodies everything I loved about the 1970s incarnations of Pink Floyd, King Crimson, Yes, Genesis: top-flight musicianship, challenging rhythms and harmonies, and layers of depth and complexity.  Now Porcupine Tree have brought back another outmoded idea: the concept album.  The concept is fairly loose, like Yes's Tales from Topographic Oceans or Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon, as opposed to the in-your-face concept of Pink Floyd's The Wall.  Don't be fooled by Steven Wilson's claim that the opening track is 55 minutes long---there are 14 tracks, but Steven really, really wants you to listen to them in sequence, at a sitting.  Do so.  The whole is greater than the sum of its parts.    This album is not as accessible or as easy to get to like as the very best of Porcupine Tree.  If you don't own Deadwing, In Absentia, or Stupid Dream, run out and buy one of those albums instead.  But this album is more tightly integrated, both thematically and melodically, than any other Porcupine Tree album I have heard.  That lends it a certain something extra, and it has definitely grown on me over time.  My favorite track is 'Time Flies', primarily for the very slow layering in of guitar, keyboard, vocals, drum, and bass.    For me one thing is missing from this album: there is not enough close harmony.  I was lucky enough to hear the material performed in concert (although in a terrible venue), and there we got a little harmony on \\"Drawing the Line\\", which I really miss on the studio version.    If I could give this four and a half stars, I would, because it is not quite up to the very high standard set by Porcupine Tree's best work, but still \\"I love it\\" is the most accurate description, so it gets five stars.    Buy it if you already know the band and you want an integrated musical experience that will take a number of repetitionsto sink in.  If you are not familiar with the band, buy In Absentia or Stupid Dream.  (Deadwing is as good but in my opinion takes longer to get to know.)
B00005JO20|1.0|Nightmare. The first thing Kong touches is her (blond) hair? Please. Sex, violence and thinly veiled fear and hatred? That's all these people have and all they want to tell and hear stories about. Not that Peter Jackson didn't already show us the color and features of his most griping terror with the \\"fighting Urukai.\\" There are some film makers who should have chosen therapy over film school. Tarentino is one and Peter Jackson is now added to the list. Sheesh.
B002ZG4QB6|5.0|Hi everyone.  I had the opportunity to see Cliff & The Shadows Final Reunion at our beautifull Kirstenbosch Botanical Gardens in Cape Town. It was AWESOME. The last time they were in South Africa was 1961. I have always been a fan even after they split. In 1961 I didn't have the money to go and see them and also I was only in gr 4.  Although all of them grew older (as I have) I know that we are all still young at heart and spirit.    I hope they keep on making their beautifull music.
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|Having seen most of the productions--except 1934, 1944 or 1973--of Jane Eyre, this is definitely the best.  It does not follow the book as closely as the BBC/Dalton version, but the best overall.  The acting is exemplary by all of the cast, especially by Ruth Wilson and Toby Stephens.  The BBC/Dalton closely follows the storyline of the book, but is so out-of-time it is difficult to watch; Zelah Clarke's performance was dry and Timothy Dalton's over the top.  The version with William Hurt was without emotion and rushed.  A&E's version with Samantha Morton was the first one I watched and I enjoyed it, placing it as my second favorite.  If you like this story or this genre, this Masterpiece Theatre version is a must-purchase.
B000A0GYD2|3.0|From the Earth to the Moon: 5 out of 10: From the Earth to the Moon is a strange bird. Not a mini series in the strictest sense. Each episode is self-contained with virtually no characters, except the space program itself, moving from one episode to the next. Each episode therefore is its own one-hour movie simply sharing the same sets with the other films.     Three are brilliantly done (episode 2 \\"Apollo 1\\" episode 5 \\"Spider\\" and episode 7 \\"That's all there is\\") The rest are either simply OK to outright misses (episodes 8 and 9) and by the time you are ready to spend an hour exclusively with the astronaut's wives (episode 11) the whole thing seems a bit of a slog.    Don't get me wrong the acting, sets and special effects are brilliant throughout but some magic is missing. When Apollo 11 lands on the moon there is no magic, no excitement. It is all very low key strangely focused on Buzz Aldrin's feelings about being second. I was also wondering what they were to do next since we land on the moon episode six in a twelve episode series.     The lack of a character or two that can be followed from episode to episode gives one little reason to invest in the slower episodes that follow number 7. There simply is no payoff in sticking with the program.     In the beginning of episode 8 about Apollo 13 Tom Hanks laments that Americans had become bored with the space program. The episode then spends 50 minutes digging up old chestnuts about old media versus new media. Turns out the American viewing public weren't the only ones bored with outer space.
B002BSHXJA|5.0|Love it!  It's even better than I thought.  Went beyond my expectations.  Brings back many wonderful memories of my youth.
1402714580|1.0|This book, Little Women by Louisa May Alcott was boring. I did not enjoy her style of writing at all. Another factor that lead to me not liking this book is that it was from the 1800's. Young teens like me are not into these types of boring \\"1800's\\" books. This book was a torture to read. You might ask, \\"what was going through your mind as you were reading this book?\\" Well, to all of those people out there, my answer is \\"boring!\\" Louisa explained everything that was going on... only a little bit too much. I would recommend this book to anyone who has a mature mind and enjoys reading classic style books.
B0011UF79C|5.0|In the not-too-distant future, a less than perfect man wants to travel to the stars. Society has categorized Vincent Freeman as less than suitable given his genetic make-up and he has become one of the underclass of humans that are only useful for menial jobs. To move ahead, he assumes the identity of Jerome Morrow, a perfect genetic specimen who is a paraplegic as a result of a fall. With some professional advice, Vincent learns to deceive DNA and urine sample testing. When a colleague is killed he is finally scheduled for a space mission, but a colleague suspects his origins and the police begin an investigation. I really enjoyed this movie. I found it to be a well constructed and elegant exploration of some pretty frightening ideas. Ethan Hawke delivers a subtle performance. Jude Law and Uma Thurman compliment an all around superb cast. Memorable cinematography and set design. See this movie, you won't be disappointed,
1577314808|4.0|I only gave it four stars because it's heavy reliance on acim (a course in miracles) and the wondering style from spirituality to self-help and relationship counselling. Having said this, Tolle is dead on. His style is good and his reading voice is excellent (I of course do not read, but listen :) due to my busy schedule, (this review is of the audio book that Tolle reads). Of course most of the concepts of the Power of Now have been described in meditation studies and my favorite author/teacher is Osho who described the power of now as the true existence is a ( ) line while illusion or maya is a horizontal line (-----) representing the linear nature of time, which is not real and to be avoided. Anyway, I recommend highly the audio book to the stressed out commuters who worry about their job.<br /><br />Andras Nagy<br />[...]
B000002L42|5.0|Please don't take this as an ad hominem attack, Mr. Bateman (writer of the Amazon editorial review), but are you sure it was this album you were listening to when you said (to paraphrase) \\"tired\\", \\"lackluster\\" and \\"play it safe arrangements\\"?     What I heard was quite different. What I heard was full of life, sharp as a razor and adventurous. I loved the variations and surprises. I loved listening to some of the most interesting songs I've ever heard being played by some of the finest musicians the industry has ever produced. What's more, this recording is absolute proof that Fagan and Becker are so much more than just studio wizards.    Steely Dan is best of breed. An icon of the era. And this recording is one of their very best.
B001KVZ6FW|4.0|The first 10 minutes of this movie and the last 5 minutes of this movie are the most touching, romantic, and tear jerking moments in this film.  There's also some great metaphors sprinkled throughout the movie, too, especially about learning to let go of the past in order to appreciate the present.  I especially liked the scene where all his furniture comes flying out of his house and I took note of how the furniture landed on the ground.    It surprised me that a kid's movie would be so meaningful.  I'm sure the meaning will be lost on little kids, but they should still appreciate this movie given the imaginative aspect of it (a flying house, a talking dog) and will probably think the little boy and dog are funny.  And adults will be reaching for the tissue box.  So this is a movie I see both adults and kids liking.    The reason I gave this 4 instead of 5 stars (that was a hard thing to do since I loved this movie so much) was because it was slow moving at parts and the whole villain with attack dogs didn't quite work for me for some reason.  But other than that, a wonderful movie.
B00006GFAB|4.0|This is definitely one of my favorite Kiss compilation CDs ever and I am very very very picky! I was recently on a road trip and this CD was the only one my friends and family could stand to listen to in its entirety! If you are a fan of Kiss or just enjoy rock and roll in general then please buy this CD. You will not regret it!
1433514818|5.0|This Bible is a wonderful and edifying edition to my personal library.  The ESV translation is both readily accessible to those not comfortable with olde English and is word-for-word accurate.  The notes lean toward the Reformed perspective, but do provide doctrinal comparisons.  Having the maps and topographical pictures available within the text to which they refer is such a terrific bonus, as opposed to continually turning to the back of the book while studying.  The large print appears to be 14 pica, so easily readable to those of us with aging eyes.  I would recommend this Bible 100% to anyone interested in growing in their faith.
B000P0J0EW|5.0|I believe this to be one of the finest movies ever made.  Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman give highly nuanced performances in a script written for the ages.  You find yourself with a better understanding of the community within prisons from years ago, how institutionalized people can be and also how terrifying freedom can be after so many years within the walls.
0810993139|4.0|Diary of a Wimpy Kid      Diary of a Wimpy Kid by Jeff Kinney is about a boy named Greg Heffley who faces the fears of middle school. Greg gets a journal from his mom to write his feelings in. But, Greg specifically told her not to get one that said diary on it, because if anyone sees him walking around with it they will beat him up for being \\"Girly\\" So he explains \\"Don't expect me to be all Dear Diary this and Dear Diary that.\\" The only reason he agreed to it because \\"When I get older and famous I won't have time to answer lots of questions, so this book will come in handy.\\"     This book is a good book to read at home or with friends, but this book is not a book that has learning values or school materials, it's a comedy book for tweens, not literature. Throughout the book Greg outwits some people and makes bad decisions against others. Like on Halloween Greg and Rowley encounter teenagers that cause them to run and dodge them all over the town.   For Christmas he doesn't get much for Christmas while Manny basically gets everything out of the Christmas catalog.  Greg being wimpy is hard but funny. Overall, Diary of a Wimpy Kid is recommended for ages 10-13. Around those ages this character becomes relatable and funnier.     Greg isn't a big fan of middle school. \\"Let me just say for the record that I think middle school is the dumbest idea ever invented. You got kids like me who haven't hit their growth spurt yet mixed in with gorillas who need to shave twice a day.\\" Middle school is awful to him because he always gets bullied by bigger \\"Gorillas\\", he is stuck with a bunch of morons, and Greg's mother Susan Heffley who just has a skill of embarrassing him. She always knows how to make things from bad to worse.   But Susan used to be a kindergarten teacher, so some of her methods are not exactly helpful.  As Greg tries to outwit most of his friend and family, he usually doesn't think things through and ends up not as he planned.  He is relatable because he does everything that a boy does at the age, like play video games, watch TV and is lazy.    Greg also has a friend Rowley who is less popular than Greg. But, Rowley is clueless when is comes to common sense. Greg loves when his older brother does tricks to him. Because then he can use them against Rowley. Throughout the book Rowley's popularity rises with the girls for his sensitivity. So Greg feeds off of it to gain some popularity points as well.     If you read and enjoy this book I recommend the other books in this series by Jeff Kinney. I highly recommend this book because Greg is a funny guy to watch and \\"Learn\\" from. The writing is cool because it shows that he is a kid and not a writer. He makes it more believable. As Greg deals with his family, friends, girl and bullies he must learn that life is not as easy as it looks.
0061914177|3.0|This book was fair. It was a light read. I read it in 60 minutes while at the gym (I'm a slow reader and the gym distracts me, so fast readers could probably get through this while they drink their morning coffee).<br /><br />The content is useful because it's inspirational and motivational. He feels strongly about where you should put your focus and he really pounds the message in. Additionally, he does a good job explaining why social media is relevant and important to just about any business. Being a long-time Facebook user and a hard-core tech guy, this info was nothing new and I felt it was all pretty obvious. In other words, it wasn't very tech heavy but that's fine because that's not what the book is for.<br /><br />I don't feel like I wasted my money, but knowing what I do now, I probably would have spent my money on something else.
1591843162|5.0|Yet another well-written, easy-to-read collection of Wisdom by Seth Godin! A great gift for yourself or loved one for any occasion, (like graduation, etc).  Its Value far exceeds its cost!  WELL worth it!
B002KH4KSY|3.0|What do you do when your supposed heroes are really detestable--and you can't wait for them to get killed?  But then you can't root for the demonic kids either?  The only sympathetic character is the poor dog who collapses on the street!<br />Although a Stephen King fan, this story has never been one of my favorites.  I saw the 1984 original but don't remember much about it.<br />This version suffers from Preston Bailey's atrocious Isaac--he is as terrifying as a slug.  Even though the bickering couple are annoying as hell, David Anders and Kandyce McClure portray them with conviction.<br />I think this is one King work that needs to be put to rest.
0060512806|5.0|To me, this is Stephenson's best work. Yes, it's vastly different than Snowcrash or Anathem. But it's also, in my mind, more thought out, with better character development and plot, than the also brilliant Snowcrash. It develops slow and really consists of two storylines (hence the length needed to tell this wide ranging story) and is very long, so I can see that putting some people off, but I was totally draw into it myself.
B002SF9YUM|2.0|I'm a huge fan of Robert Pattinson, but this film simply isn't watchable or interesting in any way.  I stopped watching it after the first 20 minutes, even though I generally like stories based on artist's lives.  The portrayal of Salvador Dali was just too weird and unbelieveable.
B001AQT11M|4.0|The audio and picture quality are great.  Definately can see the restoration results.  I'm not sure however why there are two discs.  All the same bonus features that are on disc 1 are also on disc 2.  Maybe there are things for the kids that I didn't explore further... Either way, of course this is an amazing movie, especially considering when it was made.  I just wasn't impressed with anything besides the movie itself.
B002UZXJA6|4.0|I have been a fan of the Celtic woman since the release of their first CD and DVD.  The selection of music and the quality of the voices makes listening such a joy.   This CD lived up to my expectations.  Keep it coming
B00319ECC4|4.0|I've been a FF fan for a long time. This album is pretty good for the most part.
B001QOGYFO|4.0|I like the actress she played a good part. The movie reminded me in terms of setting of the movie the thing I believe it was with Kirt Russell. Not as scary but still keeps you on the edge of your seat.
B0000DJZA5|5.0|Is it a remix? Yes. Is it unecessary? I suppose so. Is it McCartney rewriting history? Duh. Does it completely alter several of the songs beyond the point of recognition? Of course.    But the big question is: Is it... BAD?    HECK NO!!!!!!    I can understand that fans find that it is not a true \\"naked\\" version of the GET BACK/LET IT BE sessions, with either bootlegs, the ANTHOLOGY 3, or even the original album providing insight into what may be the \\"real\\" version. I've listened to all of these, and see other people's points, but don't slam the album just because you think it's a stupid idea!!!    I find this a nice listen, especially since I got it after the originals, including the bootleg. I never found any of the original versions of the songs interesting (except the single \\"Get Back\\" and the Wildlife version of \\"Across the Universe\\"), and while the dialog bits were enjoyable, they were silly and extraneous (okay the audition joke was riotous). But, I found the exorcism of the spector [sic] haunting the original version a good thing.    \\"Across the Universe\\" was quite good in the 1969 mix, but the choir and orchestra topped off with the slower pace to be nausiating. \\"The Long and Winding Road\\" was boring to me when I first got 1 a few years ago, and \\"Let it Be\\" was okay, but the \\"Paul is dead\\" whisper ruined the single for me, and the weird cymbal chimes and brash guitar way too over the top in the album version. I also found the quality of the original album to he a bit shoddy, even in the 2009 remaster, but that could be since the songs were recorded differently and (semi-)live. Also, I just didn't really like the overall Spector or Johns albums when I heard them.    Then I heard about this, and listened to samples of it online.    WOW!!!    What a difference! The quality was better, and none if those cheesy overdubs were kept (as per the original concept) making the songs simpler and in my opinion, better. \\"The Long and Winding Road,\\" featured in McCartney'sfavorite version is beautiful and poignant, \\"I've Got a Feeling\\" simpler and less cheesy, \\"One After 909\\" sounding clearer and cleaner, \\"Don't Let Me Down\\" sexed up, \\"I Me Mine\\" sounding, well, different, but neither better nor worse in my opinion, though the simpler arangement is nice, \\"Let it Be\\" with cleaner vocals and no annoying guitar solos (I HATED them), and the shining gem, \\"Across the Universe\\" in its simple, poignant, relaxing, beautiful, cosmic, utopian,  (I'm running out of words), ORIGINAL SPEED, glory!    Keep in mind none of the Beatles actually worked on the remixes, but they all (Paul, Ringo, Yoko, and Olivia that is) approved them, with Ringo loving the new versions of \\"The Long and Winding Road\\" and \\"Let it Be\\" agreeing that this was the original intention of the project. The album was supposed to coincide with a DVD release of the film, but that was cancelled (take a guess why, I've seen it).    While I know this won't replace the original album, which I'll admit holds together well, I feel this to be a nice listen, and a view to what should have been if the group had been putting more of an effort into the music.    I also feel the reviewer who listed the \\"real\\" naked version track listing has a good point, and the suggestions are good, so if you are really interested in that do it. It's not bad.
B002WY65VU|1.0|Very bad acting with no plot and lots of repetition.  Watch this at a friends house, preferably while having sex or a good time doing something else.  Do not....repeat do not buy this flick.  Dumb and embarrassing for actors that should know what movies to turn-down.<br />Don't be fooled by the trailer which is better, by far, than the movie.
B00337KM2S|5.0|Up in the Air    If you are Up in the Air about work, family, travel,  relationships, the economy, committment, loyalty,  career, well then this is the perfect movie for you...  From start to finish this is one movie that really takes off but never  really lands...and that is the movie,s intent    The film examines the cold, calculating  inhuman  methods of terminating people from their jobs and perhaps their identities as well.  It explores the impersonality of the modern work place  and the current corporate climate.    The films main character George Clooney, is a slick  carefree, non commital corporate suit flying from one location  to another terminating peoples livelihoods without regret.    Though he seems content flying high above the real world  of feelings, he eventually free falls into an abyss of  shocking isolation. He becomes a victim to his own  detachment and ruthlessness.  I wont spoil the shocker scene  but in a moment of frailty he discovers what it,s like to   be on the receiving end of getting the cold shoulder, and   it entails not just losing one,s job.    The entire cast give fine performances throughout this pertinent drama with very adept direction.  The script is solid, the editing tight and crisp.    If you,re looking for a short flight of entertainment  and introspection, then Up in the Air is the perfect  movie in which to land.  It will leave you reexamining  your own flights of fancy.      [...].
B002YIHO7I|4.0|Ironically I mentioned at a dinner party that Sade is my favorite artist when lo and behold, I see on a street poster her new album was coming out.  A few days later, I sampled her music - not yet released - and was disappointed.   A few weeks later, I decided to pick up her album.  She's ultimately reliable I thought; maybe it was just the samples?    Boy was I right.  What a great album.  Sade is fascinating; almost a category of music unto herself.  The music is contemporary yet has that undeniable riff and vocal that is ultimately recognizeable as Sade.   What amazes me is that she has such a massive and loyal fan base for an artist that has made only 5 albums in 25 years.  It's because she doesn't compromise on her art.  She and the band are careful almost to a fault.      To be fair, there are songs that I love and songs that I don't.  And as with Lovers Rock, it is not her best.  Yet there are a few gems that you'll hear on the radio for the next 10 years - \\"The Moon and the Sky\\" is a bare but lovely arrangement evoking a mysterious note; \\"Babyfather\\" has a fun almost Caribbean riff; \\"Be that Easy\\" finally is her successful attempt to add some light country influence; best are \\"In Another Time\\" - typical goregous Sade jazz where you can here the hurt and crying - and \\"Skin\\", which rivals her best vocal mixes and a heavy R&B riff.  And shame on me for saying \\"her\\" - I'm thrilled to see Stuart, Andrew and Paul back together again as a strong band effort.  Their influence and playing are to their high standard.    Funny, her big hits have never been my favorites; I've always loved her lighter, sadder music.  Plenty here.  Anyone who loves Sade's music will love the album; it may not be her strongest but she doesn't do anything badly.  And just as off any album, she has provided a couple tunes you'll here on Lite FM, hip boutiques and hotels and remixed in the clubs for the next decade.
0393072231|2.0|I read an excerpt in Vanity Fair and would liked to have read this as well, but no kindle version?  What's up with that.
0385504225|1.0|I checked this book out from the library (actually, I got it on audio and downloaded it into my itunes) and am very glad I paid not a cent for it.  The best part about the time I spent with this book was the narrator, who has an eveness of expression and a versitile vocal range that was also fantastic in the audio of DaVinci Code. But as I listened to this book, Lost Symbol, while at work, I became so irritated with hearing the same words over and over again - Dan Brown's signature words - that I began to take note of how bloody often they came up, both from character's mouths and in the story's descriptions; indeed these words are staggerinly overused in this book.  It would not be a stretch to postulate, in fact, that the following words were mentioned six times on each page; I simply kept a notepad document open and added a word if I heard it more than a dozen times:    brotherhoods, wisdom, mysteries, secret, guardians, history, myth, centuries, religious, masons, masonic, custodians, feared, ancient, protecting, impenetrable, perfect, precise, empowering, impenetrable, portal, symbol, engraved, unveil, dangerous, precision, decipher, encoded, secret language, mysterious, encrypted, obscured, mankind, imbued, unveils, sacred, decipher, scholar, well known, early philosophers and artists, instant, in accordance, modern, meticulous, art, cataclysmic, unleash, dire, destroyed, crimson, ordained, key, map,  mystical traditions, alchemist...    I apologize if my list repeats itself; I must've spent too much time with this novel (bada bing!).     So what I recommend for those considering reading this book, is that you simply read the above words, weave a ridiculous and anticlimactic story between them, and save yourself the two weeks I wasted by simply making up your own plot.  I bet you'll come up with something better/more interesting/more plausible.  And if you still must read this book, only read every OTHER chapter and you won't miss a beat, since there are no less than 175 throw-away pages in this tired, sad, past-its-prime, beating a dead horse, little book.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Yes, they're going to milk this thing as long as they can.  Over two and a half BILLION isn't enough evidently.  But what gets me is this.  The argument for a bare bones disc is to give the film as much space as possible for the best video and audio on the disc.  Ok... so what happens when the \\"Ultimate\\" version comes out in the fall with the added footage that they are rumored to include.  Speculation on the net is that there could anywhere from ten to forty additional minutes of footage added to the movie.  So, do we then get a movie of less quality to squeeze more footage in or is this claim for the bare bones release just a lot of hot air?  I like the movie a lot and have already preordered this title.  Just very suspicious of the claims being made for the bare bones release and the \\"Ultimate\\" version later this year.  Maybe Cameron's press release on the 23rd will shed some light on this and perhaps some sequel news.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|SKIP THE 2Disc THEATRICAL EDITION -- BUY THE SPECIAL EDITION OR 3D VERSION INSTEAD<br /><br />1. A special edition including 20 minutes of additional footage was released just months after Theatrical Edition. (But fans weren't told until it was too late)<br />2. No special features in 2 disc Theatrical Edition.  If you are a fan, of all the discs in your collection this is the one you really want the extra stuff.<br />3. 3D version also now available, though not in the extended version yet.  This movie is considered a reference disc in 3D and the extensive CGI use makes it a great story to be seen in that medium, as are most animated movies.  Hopefully a 3D Extended Version will be released soon.<br /><br />Regarding the multiple releases while holding back on the whole package: The studios are becoming so brazen.  Offering bare bones Blu Rays shortly before re-releasing the movie with additional footage was a classless act that kicks dirt in the face of fans.  I completely understand the business side of the equation.  However, I think we would all like to see them release multiple versions and let fans decide how much they need verses how much to spend.  At least release a complete package a year or so on.  There still isn't an extended 3D version US general release at the time of my update Dec 2014.  The first 3D release was just the theatrical edition, even though the extended footage was already available.  It's like pulling teeth to get these studios to release everything fans want in a single package, even down the road.  After all the releases we have had, they really owe it to fans to do something for us, rather than themselves.  We all understand the business side and multiple releases are no surprise.  But seriously, this is somewhat an old movie now!  Avatar is a particularly egregious example of this practice.<br /><br />If 3D doesn't interest you regardless, then you are set with the Avatar Special Edition.  That is the one I recommend until the 3D Extended Edition comes out.  I originally wrote this article as a one star protest review, but there are so many versions of the movie out now and reviews to all of the versions are linked on Amazon to each release so it's better just to explain what to look for.  Other worthy reviews cover both the general plot and the content differences between the standard and extended content.  I will leave those aspects to them rather than duplicate it.inally wrote this article as a one star protest review, but there are so many versions of the movie out now and reviews to all of the versions are linked on Amazon to each release so it's better just to explain what to look for.  Other worthy reviews cover both the general plot and the content differences between the standard and extended content.  I will leave those aspects to them rather than duplicate it.
6304697961|5.0|This is an awesome movie because of how they filmed it and it's the best film anyone could ever see and also Halloween 2 and h20 are the only sequel's that go with this movie because everything else is not part of this storyline, Anyway if anyone is the biggest fan of horror you will have to see this film.
B002U6CJCO|5.0|I have not watched the movie but it is part of my set. When I have the time I( will enjoy watching it.
B002ONC9NC|5.0|This movie is interesting, real, captivating, and encouraging. Who hasnt fall in love with an older lover who knows everything, shows you a new world, and has the means to make your dreams true? it's so easy to fall for someone who seems that perfect specially when you are an intelligent and beautiful young lady. Carey Mulligan does an estupendous job acting, she is really good i will totally follow her career from now on. I really like this movie because of how things end up, the girl wakes up, faces the truth and overcomes the problem and goes for what's really important and matters which is her education. During those times( i forget the 50's or 60's?) it was completely different from now, even in my mom's time, I'm 23 and im glad women are treated the same as man right now and we are able to be as sucesseful as them, have the same opportunities, get careers, and support ourselves without needing a man. You should give this movie a try you won't regret it.
0393072231|3.0|I saw this author on the tv show 60 minutes and it immediatly peaked my interest. I reached around for the Kindle on the coffee table and had no problem locating the book on the Kindle store.<br />Within 60 seconds I made my purchase and was exploring the works of an author I had never heard of before.<br />I saw he had other pieces of work and downloaded the samples as bookmarks for future purchase.<br />His work presents a fresh approach to some very signicant events in our lives. It's an interesting mix of fact and humor. No doubt a great read. When finished I will go to Shelfari and recommend his books to my friends and other readers.<br />Why 3 stars and not 5? Because it's all a dream. The publisher decided to chose a business model that thinks it's wise to backhand Kindle readers and delay an e-book version.<br />Well I have to say, I don't know if I will have the same interest six months from now. There is something to the addage of striking while the iron is hot. I'll probably be more interested in reading about Obama Care by then.<br />I hope the publishers reconsiders their decision.<br />Not crying about it. Plenty of good books. Just doing them a favor and taking the time to tell them why they missed a sale.<br />Happy reading.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|The Pacific's first episode, is insightful, and rivetting.<br />My timer is set, and I will follow you to the end!<br />Best wishes on your enterprise,<br />Beatrice
B00328G4V6|1.0|This is absolute rubbish. If I didn't know it was Hendrix, I would have thought it was three guys jamming in their garage wishing they were the Experience. The playing and singing sound like they were heavily influenced by Quaaludes and alcohol. To those who rate this highly, be honest with yourselves. You know this sucks. I feel disappointed, but mostly sad, that the Hendrix family would tarnish his legacy in this way.
B001KVZ6FW|3.0|Well, I decided to see what all the hubbub was about this film, and I can honestly tell you it's not the Oscar masterpiece it is made out to be. Is it entertaining? Of course it is, but it is no ground breaking CG cartoon. It's easy to entertain children with some funny gags, but that's all you have in this film strung together with an over used theme seen in previous Pixar films. Its nothing terribly new and honestly I found the story itself realtively borring. I think that it could have been allot better without the annoying ADD chubby Asian kid Russell. I can see having the \\"comic relief\\" with the dim witted dog \\"Doug\\" and well, the rest is really just \\"filler\\" and \\"fluff to make an hour+feature. How it beat out Coraline I'll never know? I am only left to guess that the Oscar Committee plays favorites when it comes to voting on \\"best of\\" films. Coraline was a far more impressive film just in its scope of pushing stop-motion animation further in its technical achievements and all that \\"Up\\" gives you is a flat Disney cartoon that is nothing near the entertainment caliber of Toy Story, A Bugs Life, Finding Nemo or The Incredibles. See it once, but I certainly wouldn't spend the over bloated Disney price to buy this DVD, it truly isn't worth it.
B002VECM4A|5.0|watching this movie evoked many moments of sympathy, distain, laughter, and disbelief. at the end it changed my perception of life and what many others have to face. there are mo face any children like precious  who often face horrible abusive situations at home are helped with social programs but more often than not they are even more abused by a system that pushes them out of the public school system and railroads them into the prison system.the actors in this film gave powerful performances. the monolgue monique gave to the social worker made me hold my head and shout. this was an excellent movie and im glad oprah winfrey and tyler perry backed it. my only critzism was that there could have been more strong positive male role models than just the doctor. like the color purple the movie paints black men as sexually abusive predators. and there are many good black fathers even some single parent fathers, who raise well adjusted children. in the wake of the many senseless, glossed over, cgi remakes that we've seen in the past, this movie has depth \\"precious\\" is definatly one to see and own.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|If you loved the movie like I did, and want to bring the full movie experience home for you to enjoy whenever you want...Don't buy this edition.  This edition is the movie in 2D, and that's it.  No behind the scenes special features, no bloopers, no nothing.  I hear they are planning on re-releasing the movie in theatres in November, and probably a few months after that, they will release the special features blu ray.  Don't know about you, but I'll be holding off until then.  If I need a fix, I'll just borrow one of my sucker friend's copies.      I seriously don't know why they're doing this.  This is the highest grossing movie EVER, and they still want to double dip?  Whatever.  Let the idiots buy this copy, and I'll be buying the real copy!
0393072231|5.0|This is a fabulous book, funny and insightful, and it gives you a true feel for how the investment banks really work.  Often like a runaway train.  I worked for Salomon Brothers and Morgan Stanley in the 70s and early 80s, and Lewis has it just about right.  People do what they need to do in order to keep the profits flowing.  People who reflect too much on the big picture or worry too much about the shlubs on the other side of the trades - people like that either aren't attracted to the business in the first place or they leave it fairly quickly.  People come in each day and focus on the task in front of them, and if they need to ignore dot-com multiples in the stratosphere or housing prices out of whack with incomes, they find a way not to think about them.    Lewis makes a big deal about the conversion of the old partnerships to public companies, maybe too big a deal.  Reviewers who point out that the CEO's had huge stakes in the failed firms are correct, though the old partners were general partners and thus liable beyond just their investment in the firms.  If you can lose absolutely everything you own, it tends to focus your attention.  A change he doesn't note, because it happened in the years before he joined Salomon, is the shift from the industry being run by investment bankers to being run by traders.  The bankers were just more conservative.    The book also gives a great feel for how few people really understood the models.  Not the CEO's, not the traders, not the rating agencies, certainly not the buyers.  How many times has this story been played out?  Just because a model works for awhile does not mean it will work forever.  It's a model, not reality.  Economic forecasting, efficient market models, molecular modeling of complex proteins - even global warming, where the models aren't really telling you anything useful even if it's really happening - they just don't have predictive power because the reality is always more complicated than the model.All in all, a great book, immensely entertaining and thought-provoking.
0061537969|5.0|What a wonderful read. A simple yet profound story about two simple, yet profound beings, one a dog and one a man. Enzo is a dog any human would be blessed to have; Denny is a man we can all look up to. Great story. Sweet lessons learned. The car goes where the eyes go. Bring the tissues. See you next life.
0307454541|4.0|quite intricate and challenging. I am anxious to learn more about dragon girl in the next 2 releases.
B0011UBDTK|5.0|a wonderful fun chick flick bonanza. I bought this entire series for my daughter and my two daughter-in-laws I enjoyed it so much. It came in a hard plastic case which is superior to the cheaper flimsy plastic you find when buying it in stores. The timing of the delivery was perfect. I have no complaints.
B002WY65W4|3.0|The plot is good and it's pretty funny, not as gory as it could have been, but I'm not a big fan of gore.
1594488843|5.0|Traditionalist executives who re-enforce and live only by the dated and dysfunctional methods of old-school business practices and beliefs will run scared when reading Pink's cogent work. The wiser among them will seek to evaluate and adjust their business practices, capturing a new essence of success.     Timely and thought provoking, Pink presents scientific findings on motivation that are consistent with separate and distinct reserach findings on innovation and employee engagement. Further, Pink's presentation is consistent with much of the wisdom and conclusions one can draw or generate from other current business guru's like Hamel, Bossidy, Lawler and Charran.    In his earlier work, Pink gave us clear insights to the implications of right/left brain research and the emergent world of work. DRiVE extends this work and takes understanding of human movitivation and resultant behaviors to a new level.    Tom Wiltzius, PhD
B001QOOCTE|4.0|an awesome video production that spans the world  .... totally uplifting and exhilarating music .... food for the soul!
B002UNMW7O|4.0|Anyone who likes the first film seems to \\"really\\" like it, so creating a sequel that can live up to the first is a challenge. I'll admit that the first 10 to 15 minutes are slow and uninspiring, but if you hold out, you will find out why many people have enjoyed it. This film doesn't seem to have the pacing of the first (this ones a roller coaster ride - amazing at some parts and slow as can be at others), but i'd totally say that this one is worth a watch. Keep in mind this is a 10 year old sequel, but if you go in knowing or even watch the first film before (to remind yourself how ridiculous the first is) you should thoroughly enjoy it.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|Two things are missing that make this a classic Metallica album. One major element is the absence of classical musical influence. Second is James' vocal style, back in the day James sounded hostile and angry but now he sounds like he's smiling when he sings. The lack of those two elements make this record a sub-par Metallica Album.
1857885082|5.0|I found the book very insightful, and very supprising, there is virtually nothing that isn't touched and discused in the book, I had to really fight to put it down, it is amazing how two countries that share the same language can be so different.
B001ACH4DS|5.0|I absolutely LOVE this album! From Bar-Ba-Sol to Permanent, this album has everything you could want. Something upbeat? You got it. Something that relates to a recent break-up? Yep. A tear-jerker? You betcha! David Cook won American Idol for a reason: His voice is amazing and he has a natural ear for music. This album showcases both.
B000HCO83G|5.0|The third chapter in the X-Men trilogy is magnificent. There's a lot in it to please the fans of Marvel comics, especially old-timers like me. (I read my first Marvel comic in 1963, when I was in the 3rd grade.) This is the darkest of the three films and is operatic and tragic in its style. The battle sequences are many, and the fight choreography is graceful and spectacular--a tribute to the art of Jack Kirby, who is the Michaelangelo of graphic artists. Fans will especially love Kelsey Grammer in the role of The Beast. Professional reviewers thought he was a rediculous choice, but old-time fans will see him as perfect. Other standout perfomances are the great Ian McKellan as Magneto (his voice and delivery are hypnotic) and the marvelous Australian Vinnie Jones as the ruthless and powerful Juggernaut. The relationship between Wolverine and Jean Grey is the element that moves the story, and is what brings us to the great climax of the film. The effect of Wolverine's flesh being shredded from his bones is made poignant by Hugh Jackman's fine acting.
B002BSHWUU|5.0|The Beatles:     Everything that can be said has already been said at one time or another about the Beatles and their influence on the world of popular music.  The scope and depth of that influence simply can't be overstated.  In short, there has never been a more earth-shaking confluence of raw musical talent, creative ingenuity, cultural upheaval and advancements in recording technology than what the world experienced along with four boys from Liverpool, England over the period from 1960 to 1970 ... and there most likely never will be again.    This box set is amazing, not only for the digital remastering (which is phenomenal by the way), but because the set gives a new generation of popular music lovers an opportunity to experience the entire creative \\"life cycle\\" of what can only be described as the world's best known and most beloved rock band of all time.  The big difference is that this generation doesn't have to experience the Beatles' music from tiny, paper speakers on their auto dashboards, portable tape players, suitcase phonographs or cheesy cabinet \\"hi-fi\\" systems.  For some of us dinosaurs, that's the way we first heard the Beatles.  No, this generation gets to hear the Beatles on modern stereo equipment, from CDs that have been remastered for that kind of listening.  More on that subject below.      Packaging Pros and Cons:     The packaging for this box set is pretty awkward.  It's basically designed as a two-compartment tray, in which all the individual CDs are stacked face up, in the order of their original release dates.  The open tray is covered by a folding panel that's attached to the bottom left of the box/tray, and wraps around the box from left to right, with the last panel being secured to the right side of the box/tray by flat magnets placed under the outer coating.  The outer coating is nicely laminated to resist wear and damage from contact with hands and fingers, and the set includes a matching slip cover, also made of laminated posterboard, that slides over the closed box, to keep the storage box from being inadvertently opened, and further protecting its outer surfaces.  In order to get the CDs out of the box, first, you have to know which of the two stacks inside contains the CD you want, pull up the entire stack with a ribbon that runs underneath the stack, and pick out the disc you want.  The thing that sucks about this storage system is that, unless the disc you want to hear is the one on top of the stack, you literally have to pull up half the disc collection in order to leaf through the stack and pull out the one you want to hear.    While the outer packaging of this box set definitely leaves a lot to be desired, it did allow the makers to do something that's probably far more important to fans:  to put all the CDs in individually-sealed packages that replicate the fronts and backs of the original albums.  The individual packages are really remarkable in themselves.  They have a lighter laminate coating to protect them from damage in handling, and fold out to reveal time-sensitive photos of the band, many of which are rare and/or unique to this box set.  Each CD package includes a booklet tucked into its own pocket, with more photos, liner notes on what was happening with the band at the time of the album's recording and release, and even recording notes showing the source material for the digital remastering.  The labeling on the discs themselves replicates the labeling placed on the center of the albums when they were originally released as vinyl LPs.  The White Album (a 2-disc set) includes a smaller version of the poster that was originally enclosed with the LP release, with collaged photos on one side, and the lyrics to all the songs on the other.    If you're like me, and always avoid putting your fingers on the playing surface of your CDs, you will find that getting the discs out of their individual packages can be a little challenging.  They're slipped into pockets that open on theright.  I found that the easiest way to remove the disc without having to grab the edge and pull it out is to hold the open edge of the enclosure above your knee or free hand, and gently squeeze the pocket at the top and bottom, let the disc fall out half way, then use the hole in the middle to pull it out the rest of the way. Getting the discs out is particularly awkward with the White Album and Past Masters packages, that contain two discs.  For example, because the packages fold out flat, with two discs tucked into pockets that lay side by side, it's hard to get the \\"middle\\" disc out without worrying that the second disc is going to fall out of the other pocket as you're fiddling with the middle one.      Extra Features:      Each of the music CDs includes an album-specific \\"mini-documentary,\\" accessible only from the disc drive of a personal computer, with photos, video and audio commentary by the individual Beatles and George Martin.  For those who don't listen to their CDs on their computer, the box set also includes a separate DVD with all the same mini-documentaries on it, so no one who buys the box set will miss out on the mini-documentaries.  I've watched them all, and they're very well done ... like little video/audio scrapbooks for each album.    The set also includes a 2-disc \\"Past Masters\\" collection, also digitally remastered, that provides a bunch of mono and stereo singles and EP cuts that were not included on any of the 13 studio albums.  These days, it's pretty much unheard of for record companies to release songs as singles, but in the Beatles' heyday it was a common practice, because many consumers bought their music in the form of 45's, which typically had some big \\"hit\\" on the \\"A\\" side, and a lesser-known cut the company wanted to promote on the \\"B\\" side.  Consider the 45 as the ancient equivalent of a 99-cent iTunes download, and you can start to appreciate how big and important the 45 market was to companies like Parlophone (the label George Martin worked for) and Capitol.      Digital Remastering:      For those of you who may not be familiar with this term or what it means (and don't laugh, fellow geeks ... there are PLENTY of music lovers out there who don't know, and don't care), all the Beatles' music was originally recorded on magnetic tape, their first album on a two-track system, most of them on a four-track system, and then finally an 8-track system, beginning in 1968.  This type of recording, sometimes referred to as \\"analog,\\" was once the way all professional music recordings were made, and it actually continued to be the norm for many years after compact disc (CD) technology first appeared.  CD technology was developed for playback, that is, making a digital or computerized version of an analog recording, and then burning that into a CD that is then used only for listening to the music.  CD technology was a true breakthrough, in that it eliminated the age-old problem of music playback being impaired by the \\"hiss\\" associated with contact media (e.g., magnetic tape running over a head, or a needle running through a groove in a vinyl record).  It wasn't until very recently, however, that computers evolved to the point where they were cheap enough, fast enough, and had enough memory capacity to do \\"real-time\\" digital recording of any quality comparable to even the most rudimentary multi-track analog recording systems.  Some sound engineers STILL prefer analog tape masters for some kinds of recording ... but I digress.  In order for any analog recording to be placed on a computer or compact disc, it has to be \\"remastered,\\" a process by which the analog audio signal is run through a series of computer algorithms, and converted into digital information that a computer can store, read and play back.  The higher the quality of the original analog recording, the higher quality you get in the digital remaster, and that brings me back to this box set.    The digital remastering of this box set releaseis nothing short of amazing.  It apparently took the sound engineers at Apple/Capitol/EMI over four years to do the whole set.  Most of the albums in the set were remastered from the original analog studio master tapes, but a few were remastered from prior digital remasters that George Martin did in 1986.  I've heard Beatles music my whole life, from just about every kind of sound source imaginable (phonograph, reel-to-reel tape, radio (both car and home), cassette, vinyl LP AND compact disc, through both headphones and speakers, and I have NEVER heard so much of the Beatles' music sound so darn good, all at once, and all in the same retail package.  The audio system at my computer workstation is equipped with 24-bit Soundblaster audio, fed into a 100-watt amp, 15-band stereo graphic equalizer, Infinity desktop speakers and an Infinity powered subwoofer.  I tinkered with playback that was EQ-enhanced, and straight up with no added EQ, and found that all of the tracks sound as bright as I've ever heard them, with clear and distinct instruments and vocals, running throughout the audible frequencies.  They respond brilliantly to a little well-placed EQ, with Paul's bass, in particular, being more clearly discernible than I ever remember hearing in any previous recordings, digital or otherwise.  This box set incorporates all the best of modern digital remastering technology and mixing techniques, while simultaneously doing the least possible violence to the integrity and ambience of the original recordings.  These guys really pulled out the stops and did a truly remarkable job of remastering this collection, and now it's ours ... forever.  BRAV-O, guys ... bravo ... simply outstanding work.      Stereo vs. Mono:      Some audiophile purists have complained that the vocal panning (that's the engineering process of shifting vocals, usually split evenly between left and right channels, to one side or the other of a stereo sound system) and other effects applied in the process of converting the original analog studio tapes into a digital format don't accurately reproduce the mono mix that George and the Boys \\"intended\\" when most of these albums were first released.  With all due respect for the purists, however, I don't think the Beatles and George Martin mixed their stereo studio masters down to mono because it was the way they \\"intended\\" the Beatles' music to be heard, or because they thought mono was somehow better than stereo.  They mixed down to mono because they knew 99% of their target market would be listening to the music from mono playback sources (e.g., portable phonographs and AM radios), and they wanted the music to sound as good as it possibly could coming from that kind of source.   Now, the exact opposite is true.  With the widespread availability of high quality, relatively inexpensive stereo devices, practically no one listens to music through mono sound sources any more.  Consequently, most of the discs in this box set (with the exception of a few tracks on the \\"Past Masters\\" set) have been digitally remastered from the original analog stereo master studio recordings, for stereo playback, on modern stereo components.  That means that what you're hearing in this stereo box set is as close as you're ever going to get to hearing what George and the Boys actually heard in the studio BEFORE the masters were mixed down to mono.  I've seen a few reviews suggesting that some individual songs/albums have characteristics that sound better in mono, and they probably have good reason to believe that, but the most balanced reviews seem to agree that overall, the stereo set is far superior in terms of clarity of individual vocals and instruments within the mix.    Let's face it ... most people don't want to buy multiple versions of the same music, or spend thousands on specialized audio equipment, just so they can geek out over tiny differences between the sound of one recording/remastering format compared to another.  Most people just want to enjoy the music, and be happy with the way it sounds on their existing audio equipment.  This stereo box set fills that bill, in spades.  For audiophile purists and hardcore fans who DO enjoy geeking out over differences in remastering/recording formats, more power to ya.  Most of the contents of this box set (with the exception of Yellow Submarine, Abbey Road and Let It Be, which were all originally recorded and released in stereo) are included in the mono box set, which faithfully reproduces the mono mixes that George and the Boys created, and which Apple/Capitol/EMI originally used for production of the untold millions of vinyl 45's, LP's and magnetic tapes originally distributed to radio stations and the music-buying public when these gems were first released.  It seems there are quite a few of these purists out there, because the mono box set has sold far more copies than Apple/Capitol/EMI ever dreamed, and most of the people who've gotten the mono box set are also giving it rave reviews, swearing up and down that the mono versions are far better than their \\"stereo\\" counterparts.  I haven't compared them myself, so I offer no opinion on that subject.  I only know that the \\"stereo\\" remasters all sound fantastic to me, and my guess is that they will sound fantastic to most of you, too.    Conclusion:    Believe it or not, it's now been 40 YEARS since the Beatles called it quits.  John is dead.  George is dead.  Paul is 67, Ringo's turning 70 this year, and George Martin is in his 80's.  We love our Beatles, and as many reviewers have already said, it's about time that the people at Apple/Capitol/EMI finally got it right ... for US ... the music lovers who, after all, created this vast marketing behemoth with our hard-earned simoleans.  Buy this item with confidence, but make sure you buy from a reputable retailer who will guarantee authenticity.  Ebay, and even third-party sellers on Amazon, are swamped with cheap, mass-produced Asian counterfeits.  Anyone purporting to sell you a \\"brand new, factory-sealed\\" version of this box set for around $100 is most likely peddling these illegal knockoffs, which I've heard the Asian scammers are wholesaling for around $60.  US buyers should insist on US manufacture and sealed packaging, complete with the FBI seal and anti-piracy warnings on the rear panel of the outer sleeve, and all the individual disc packages inside the box.  The tech wizards at Apple/Capitol/EMI finally did the right thing by the Beatles and their fans with years of diligent remastering work and \\"9-9-09\\" release of this truly remarkable work product.  In turn, let's all do the right thing by them, and do all we can to make sure that Asian counterfeiters don't reap an ill-gotten profit at their expense.
1400052173|4.0|In 1951, cancer cells were removed from the cervix of Henrietta Lacks, a poor African-American mother of 5, at Johns Hopkins Hospital.  Those cells were transported to a makeshift lab and, for reasons that were not understood until the early 1990s, could be cultured and reproduced infinitely.  As a result of their \\"immortal quality,\\" those cells - known as HeLa -- became the primary cells used in global medical research up to the present day, contributing to the development of treatments for everything from polio to AIDS.      And yet who was Henrietta Lacks?  Rebecca Skloot writes a fascinating interdisciplinary story that touches on everything from the development of cell cultures, to legal ownership of one's tissues, to poverty and racism in America.  The first half of the book is a jaw-dropping page-turner as we learn of the virulence and impact of HeLa cells.  The second half of the book focuses on Henrietta Lacks's family and explores their sense of violation because their mother's tissues were used without their knowledge or her consent.  This resentment is compounded by the sad history of abuse of African-Americans by the American medical community and the fact that the production of HeLa cells was commercialized without the Lacks family receiving a penny.  They can't even get health insurance!  In one moving episode, the book highlights the role of the family's religious beliefs in their ability to find meaning from HeLa.  (I give this book 4 stars instead of five only because I believe that the second half of the book could have benefitted from better editing and can be a bit tedious at times.)     I recommend this book to everyone who goes to the doctor!
0143036556|4.0|Collapse is an info-dense look at why societies collapse. The cover seems to suggest that the environmental abuse is the sole reason for these particular collapses. However, Diamond makes it clear that this is only one cause, interconnected with others. But apparently many have ignored this particular cause which is quite evident in many of Diamond's examples such as Easter Island. His discussion of Haiti gives important background to the chaos there after the earthquake.<br /><br />Often people take one extreme position or another. Often the tactics of extreme environmentalists push others into ignoring the state of the environment, which often has direct connections to our health. The ideas of conservation and sustainability are common sense, not political ideas. Diamond doesn't suggest the abandonment of industry or Big Oil, etc. In fact, he uses two oil companies as examples: One that destroyed the environment and one that protected it and extracted oil without destroying it.<br /><br />Occasionally, Diamond's own political fundamentalism bubbles to the surface. He often mentions how the Viking's rigid Christianity was a major factor in their demise. He also seems to suggest that more open-ended, looser value systems (more liberal) are less likely to cause eco-chaos. This is in stark opposition to the thesis of his book: Corrupt, loose or non-existent, socialistic moral systems are where the worst environmental chaos exists.<br /><br />He points out how some \\"wealthy\\" continue to isolate themselves and broaden the gap between them and other people. While some fit this stereotype, some of his discussion sounds like talking points from his left-wing buddies. Do wealthy really oppose tax cuts because they don't want to help others? Do they prefer private schools for uppity reasons? Or is it because public schools are often inferior? Sorry, Mr. Diamond, giving more money to public schools won't solve their problems. Perhaps removing the stranglehold the unions have on the schools that show little care for the students or government bureaucrats pretending they know the best way to teach our kids. Quality of education  has gone down as we have thrown more money at it. Private schools don't have the luxury of stealing tax money. They must educate their kids or they will be shut down.how little care for the students or government bureaucrats pretending they know the best way to teach our kids. Quality of education  has gone down as we have thrown more money at it. Private schools don't have the luxury of stealing tax money. They must educate their kids or they will be shut down.
0393072231|1.0|A book is more than the words it contains.  It represents a confluence of factors that led it its existence.  Usually those forces are of minor consideration relative to the content.  However, if an author was funded by a business or political organization with an agenda, you might consider that in your review of the book.  Likewise, if a publisher censored content critical of a country for the edition to be published in that country, you might consider that in your review of the book.  The publication of The Big Short is clearly intended to have an influence on the conduct and oversight of the financial services industry.  And praise or condemnation for that would be considered by most to be appropriate content in a review of the book. Finally, if you feel that the publication of a book is intended to influence how books are published and sold, that is appropriate content in its review.  So to the reviewer(s) who feel that Amazon should pull non-relevant or off-topic reviews (in this case, the lack of a Kindle edition), I simply say that like beauty, a book is in the eye of the beholder.    If there is any doubt at to my opinion in this review, I really want to read The Big Short.  Michael Lewis has never disappointed me in the past.  But in this case, Mr. Lewis and his ideas have contractually entered a relationship with multiple agendas. I am forced to consider them as a whole.
1400049628|5.0|Great book, awesome layout, useful facts presented with plenty of dark laughs.  Great read for Zombie fans everywhere, and the true guide on how to prepare.
B001OQCV2E|1.0|This is very possibly the least entertaining movie I've ever see. It seems geared chiefly to make the adolescent in any age group go: \\"Whoah! Awwwwwesome!\\" It's a bit like being stuck in traffic alongside what I call a \\"roba-roba car\\"--which is to say any vehicle with a sound system so powerful you can feel the vibration through your own steering wheel, as the rhythm track goes \\"Roba-roba....roba-roba\\" and so on. We've all been through that--now imagine it as a movie and you've got this flick. It's for people who have a \\"jones\\" for video games and are loudly bored by anything less intense. I'm not going to go into the story line here because you can get as much from this film's ads as from watching the film itself. This example of a mugging in cinematic form isn't plot-driven or character-driven, it's completely scene-driven. It seems meant to overwhelm and impress really jaded viewers. I really think the only reason it got released was that it seizes on this new \\"2012\\" craze where too many doofuses are heavily into \\"doomsday is coming\\" scenario they got from the pagan Mayan calendar. The wierd thing is that after I sent the thing back, one of my roommates and I were in a mall that has a Bose Audio outlet and he wanted to see a demonstration of their biggest home theater setup. After the demo, he remarked \\"That 2012 flick you rented the other day would have been awesome on that setup!\\" I barely bit back answering that the demo was a huge waste of my time, as renting this movie was.
0896898288|5.0|The book came on time. It was in very good condition and price was very good
B001AKTZOQ|5.0|My husband suggested purchasing this item because the copy he had was old & scratched.
B002UNMW7O|1.0|Now I'm a fan of the first film and was very excited, like many others, to hear of a sequel in the making. Funny thing is almost every sequel ever made is complete crap and this movie is no different. I need to stop getting excited when I hear of a sequel coming because they are nothing more than let downs.    Anyway, on to the movie. After watching only 3 minutes of this movie I was shaking my head in shame and throughout the entire movie thinking about leaving, though I decided to stay just in case it got better, it didn't. The movie opens with the brothers in Ireland as shepherds with guns for herding sheep of course, lighting cigarettes in unison with manly unkempt beards on horseback. It seemed like the director was trying to go for an 'epic' scene here, where he introduces the brothers and was hoping the audiences reaction would be excitement upon seeing the brothers and their long awaited return to the screen. This completely backfired and as the scene continued on it only got worse and worse. By the time the movie title appeared on screen, I knew I was in store for cheesy script writing, poor acting, and a terrible story.     The movie continues on and the brothers, all within 5 minutes, are already on their way back to the U.S., fully armed, hair and face cleaned up, and ready to kick some ass and take names. They are on what appears to be a cargo ship and as you all know, every cargo ship has late night fights in the cargo bay and grim looking men baiting the fighters on, taking bets, etc. On the ship the brothers encounter this 'crazy fast' fighting Mexican that is 'so fast', you wouldn't believe how fast he was...and how cheesy the whole idea was. They tried to make the Mexican seem like a complete bad ass in this scene, yet they never actualize this concept, in fact for the rest of the movie hes quite the opposite. The director just threw him on the back burner to be a stand in Rocko, clumsy, moronic, knows nothing, more annoying, following the brothersaround, just fail.    I don't think I want to continue this review, it's really not worth the time to review it, I'm just going to stop. Overall the movie is riddled with lousy jokes, a woman with a very annoying western accent that tries to fill the shoes of Willem Dafoe but utterly fails, shoddy acting especially with the police actors and the 'crazy fast' Mexican, horrible storyline, and cheesyness explodes out in EVERY scene. I think the biggest problem with this film is that the director and writers were trying too hard to mirror image the original film, not focusing much on the movie having its own identity. I feel like the movie was just a terrible remake of the first, the actors/actress not having their own roles but rather filling the roles of their  predecessors in the first film, everything is a testimony to it being a shadow of a great film, but collapses under its own short comings. In the end the movie suffered and just comes off as a crappy sideshow that never should have been.
B00006C7G9|5.0|Order was shipped immediately, packaged well, advertised as \\"very good,\\" was actually \\"like new.\\"  Very good transaction.    W. Mayo
0345444051|1.0|Having loved 2001 and the sequels, I was very interested to read another book by Clarke.  Until around page 21, when I realized there was going to be some kind of message in the book.  Authors sending me a message usually = the plot is going to suck.  Long story short--this book shows us what Clarke's idea of what a great afterlife it would be without a God.  Oh, and if we all give up our individuality.  So some Socialist undertones to the rampant Atheism throughout.  And to those who say there's no pro-Atheism, anti-religious bias in the book?  Take a look at humanity's \\"assistants\\" through the process.  Subtle Arthur, very subtle.  Ditch this waste of paper, and save yourself about 3 hours of wasted reading, and 1 to 2 hours of rampant depression after finishing it--this is the most depressing thing I've ever read.
B002L9N4DS|5.0|This is one of many that my husband collects because he says that they are classics. This is a Amazon Verified Purchase.
B002QW7AJY|5.0|This movie reminds me why I should not listen to critics.  I had the urge to buy it when I saw it in my local store.  I resisted after reading the headlines of major critics' reviews and purchased it on demand instead.  After finishing the movie I regretted it-only because I will now be gladly paying full price for it.  I should have gone with my gut feeling and just bought it for the full 20 bucks.    You are either a fan of this genre or you or not.  If you are then this is a must own.  If you are not then it is still a quality rental.  It was MUCH better than I expected.
B002UD56I6|2.0|This movie was excellent at the theatre in IMAX but loses it's magic on the small screen.   Sound quality is horrible - it goes up and down in waves throughout the movie.   I would not recommend purchasing...
B000EZ7ZYA|5.0|I loved Hitch!!  Will Smith certainly picked the right story for his first Romantic Comedy role!!  Kevin James is a hoot!!  Eva Mendes is gorgeous!  Great story by Kevin Bisch!!  A funny, contemporary love story!!  Enjoy it with your honey...
B00006I53S|4.0|I purchased this lens when I purchased my Rebel XTi camera body.  I have nothing to compare it to; however it has worked well for me.  Previously I was using a point and click camera.  I have not been disappointed in the quality of the photos I have taken.  I have been using this lens for over two years.
B0035G1K7S|5.0|I am a big fan of the White Stripes. I ordered the box set that had this video in it and it is amazing. I'll limit this review to the blu-ray though.      The White Stripes did a tour of every province in Canada in 2007 and this is the behind the scenes look at it. You get to see Jack and Meg do shows in bowling alleys, on the back of a small boat, on a bus, and many other random places they chose to do shows last second. It also has footage of the bigger shows they did on the tour including the 10th anniversary show in Nova Scotia.    The concert footage is fantastic and sound is good considering some of the environments they were working in. But, where this video really shines is the behind the scenes footage. Jack and Meg are interviewed and there are many scenes of them just taking it easy and having fun together. It's really nice to see two artists who are very private interact with one another.    I highly recommend this for any Stripes fan.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|This was one of my favorite movies of 2009. The 3D was AMAZING in theatres! I recommend that everyone sees this movie. But, I would to buy it because James Cameron told MTV that in November the 3D version of the film will be released on Blu-Ray and the version released in November will include special features. This version coming in April will have no special features and is only in 2D. Oh yeah, and the 3D version in November will be in REAL-D 3D, so not the normal anaglyph 3D we usually get on BLU-RAY. But, as a movie, AVATAR is stunning! Don't skip this one!
B002ZG97RE|3.0|Matt Damon is okay, but the script is weak. So so watch. Not as good as the Bourne movies. Also, the action is brief. I would say rental.
B00000JGHS|3.0|Well, this film may work better for women giving their hearts to a single mom.  She makes a living as a striptease dancer.  The theme and brief nudity carry the rating to \\"R.\\"   However, striptease dancing scenes are few and short.  And not erotic.  I mean that the actress fails to act it out.  Might be too hot an issue for her.         ET
B00127RAJY|4.0|This is a good workout DVD. it is not great but i like it. I believe that Jackie warner one is great!  The Bad:  - u cant skip the advertisement and intro. U only have 20min a day for a workout and it is very annoying if u have to listen to sales for 3-5min every time.  - Julian doesn't always explain why were r doing the move we are doing and what is that good for. She talk a lot but don't said much.  - she doesn't do the exercise herself for a long time enough for u to understand. as soon as she start she go to the beginner girl of her team and if u are advanced u dont really know what to do.  The good:  - Nice workout, you sweat and it is not easy + the cardio is good
B00005Y1UX|4.0|Happy ending.  This movie defines the difference between Love and Lust thru the actress.  A simple story carrying out her  decision on Money and Happiness.   This film is rated \\"R\\" coz of the theme.  The photography, to me, is quite dark.  Isn't  that art-defined?  Credits go to all performers.   ET
B002ZBT84G|2.0|I love his production work with Brian Jackson because when Gil sangs he puts out his true talents.   Secondly, I can't stand when he lectures while recording music...it's corny as hell.    Otherwise, it was nice he got something out, but dude sing something on this joint.
B00127RAJY|5.0|While I have never done/seen the workout personally, I gave this to my mom for christmas and she has really enjoyed it.  She is an active person but usually just walks for exercise.  The workouts really make her sweat and sore...and are easy to get done since they don't take a lot of time.
B000068PQ7|5.0|Gene Clark's debut entitled Gene Clark With The Gosdin Brothers from 1967 is a laid back country rock album which I rate very highly.  This album, Gene Clark (sometimes known as White Light), is another exceptional release and further's his reputation as a singer/songwriter of the highest caliba.  Of the original 9 songs only Tears Of Rage was not self penned and he interprets that Bob Dylan track well.  It's difficult to pick out specfic tracks, although Because Of You and For A Spanish Guitar are excellent.  From the 5 bonus tracks, for me Ship Of The Lord is the standout.  Recommeded for Byrds fans and other fans of folk/country/rock music.
0385339607|5.0|Started a little slow but it picked up speed as it went on.  Like I find all of Grisham's books, it's less like reading and more like watching a movie or sitting in a corner while watching the action unfold.  I think it would be boring to note a book's technical merits as one reads.  I read for the entertainment factor and this book hit the mark.
B0026P3G12|5.0|This CD is fabulous! Susan Boyle's voice is outstanding.  Some of the songs just transcend anything I've heard recently.  I will buy any other CD she might record, HANDS DOWN, anytime!  Great \\"listening\\" music and very inspirational.  I wasn't disappointed a bit, just wished there was more on the CD.  Can't say enough times, her voice is fabulous!
B0031RAOVY|5.0|This is a must see movie....  I watched this movie and I cried so much!  I recommend this movie to everyone.  Loved it best movie I've seen in a long time!!!
B001CTDH4Y|5.0|This movie is so cute & humorous!  I really enjoyed it all the way.  Dog lovers will especially love it.  Even if as an adult you don't laugh out loud, you can't help but smile. Cleverly promotes pet adoption too.  Only drawback is on the menu set-up.  This movie has both full & widescreen presentations on one side, but there is no obvious widescreen choice in looking at the main menu.  To access widescreen, you either need to click on audio commentary (you don't have to leave it on) or click on the scene selection you want and there you will be given a FS or WS choice.
B002ZTQVGQ|5.0|This is the continuation of the magic that Hayao Miyazaki weaves in that he has the means to capture your childlike self and to take you on an exquisite adventure that leaves you feeling inspired and happy to be alive. This tale is one of friendship and innocence that triumphs against all odds. It talks of loving in the purest sense and also of loving life enough to stand for it against all odds. The magical aspect only lends to the adventure and trust me you will feel as if you are living in a sureral world where all things turn out for the good. A film for young and old to invigorate the mind and inspire the soul. Enjoy it as you romp through the eyes os these two main characters
B00328G4V6|1.0|Really was looking forward to this album, I own almost all other albums released by/on behalf of Jimi, and I hate to say it but this just sounds like a Bootleg/Demo of his Ideas and works in progress. For Sony Corp' & the money loving 'Janie Hendrix Estate' to class this as the '4th' album is an utter disgrace to the genius that is Jimi Hendrix. Jimi was a perfectionist through and through just listen to HIS other 3 albums (amazing!!) and I would of had no doubt that if he were alive to finish this at the time it would stand just as tall as the others because it's full of potential, but that's all. Sony Corp' and Janie Hendrix obviously see this potential in terms of dollars! They're already selling one track singles in the USA of it! Also if you want an idea just how plastic it's getting check out 'Bleeding heart the official video' on Youtube it'll have you squirming. A total let down and a disgrace to the great man (Eddie Kramer you definitely should of known better!)
B000L9IUPM|5.0|The best of the entire catalog!  Great music great show, great quality DVD!  BUY THIS ONE!
B002UNMWAG|1.0|This movie was awful. It was a weak attempt at humor. I am sure there are going to be more of them, and I will never waste my time or money again to see any of the next ones. This was one of the worst movies I have ever watched.
014241039X|1.0|No wounder why we have so many shallow people in this world, and bullies in schools. They were probably reading garbage like this. This book tells kids that ugly people are all mean, and beautiful people look like that because they are nice which is far from the truth. There is to much violence that it is on the verge of sadism. Whatever happened to books that inspire kids to forgive people who do them wrong. I'm glad I didn't read this book in my school, but I'm upset my child read this garbage. Something is definetly not right with the school system, and Mr Dahl if this is your idea of a childrens book. I can't believe that parents would even think this book is great. All I can do now is explain to my kid why this book is total, and complete garbage.
B00006JMQG|4.0|Forgive me if this has been asked before but I was unable to get through all the other eighty-plus Dr Caligari reviews.  In the movie's first scene where Francis begins to tell Caligari's story, the scene is tinted a deep blue and there is a pervasive blotchy quality to the visuals.  Is this quality unique to my DVD or do others have the blotches, and is the blotchiness a deliberate effect or due to the film being ninety years old.  Thanks.
B002YIHO7I|1.0|This is SADE's return album after quite a while. I was a bit disappointed with most of the songs on the cd. There are only 2 songs that really capture her true talent - the others are musically dull and boring. What happened to the textures and color of her previous music? I was so looking forward to this cd, but after listening to it I wonder how it made it past the production stage. Big disappointment to a long time fan.
B00000099Y|5.0|I consider Aenima to be Tool's best album and probably one of the best albums of all time (sorry Kanye, but Boyounce cannot hold a candle anywhere near the same universe as this album).  This was the last of Tool's darker albums and is a perfect mix of their earlier \\"metal/alternative\\" work and their later \\"progressive\\" work.  The band was definitely hitting their stride with this album.    Of the album's 15 tracks, 9 of them are actually songs.  The rest is filler and pretty bad filler at that.  Tool's reasoning for this is that they feel that their songs are really intense and the filler is a time for the listener to \\"cleanse their palet\\" so to speak between songs.  Personally, I hated it and just burned a copy without the filler but I can understand why they did it.  The thing is though, even with the filler you are still getting 9 of Tool's best songs and they are all great songs.  In the 13ish years this album has been out, I still listen to it on a regular basis and have never tired of it.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|This as good as it gets for a Sci-Fi action movie. Destined to be a must have for Star Trek fans or \\"non-fans\\" a like.
B002UNMW7O|2.0|Dialogue, acting, direction, sets, lighting, music... it's all bad in this one. RENT if you have to see this.    (2 stars because it was fun to see the actors again and think about how good the first one was)
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I ordered the DVD season, and while I waited for it to be shipped to me in the mail, I was able to watch episodes online.  My wife and I watched an episode a night (sometimes two), and the DVD arrived by the time we finished watching episode seven.  The wife and I have read the book series on which the show is based upon, and they mostly follow true to the general storyline with a few glaring exceptions.  I'm guessing it's to help allow the writers to make the show a bit unpredictable - which I find refreshing.  I love the music used for the intro and the closing credits.  All in all, we love the show.  Weren't a whole lot of extras or behind the scenes on this season, but that's probably because they'll try and release some \\"Gold Edition\\" or something.    We're going to order Season 2 as soon as it is available.  :)
B00006CXSS|5.0|Hanks & Spielberg did a brilliant job with the HBO 10 part mini-series \\"Band of Brothers\\" in recreating not just historical battle scenes but perhaps more importantly the shock & horror experienced by young Americans dropped behind the lines in occupied France, to the foxholes of the Ardennes Forest during the Battle of the Bulge and finally to Nazi death camps discovered with the crossing of the Rhine.  These young men, like all men who go to war, built a bond that can only the be forged between those who fought & died side by side in the hell of battle.      The commentary of the surviving men of Easy Company just before the start of each episode, made the viewing a more profound experience.
0307463745|1.0|Wow after reading the author's attack on Carl Rove's book, all I have to say is do you want some cheese with that \\"whine\\"!   Don't you just wish you could make it to number one.    Maybe this will be your way to do it, breaking all the rules, just like your review says.      You're not worth the read if you're that shallow and petty, you're certainly not the type of people I would take any advice from.      I'm quite sure you're not starving because your book is #4.
B002VPE1AW|3.0|Avatar was one of the main reasons I went to the movies this summer.  I'm very disappointed that fan's like myself have to pay $25.00 for the blu ray DVD combo pack.  Bare in mind this is the bare bones of the movie.  What's included is the theatrical release in which Cameron and company is spending six weeks on to make it a very pleasant viewer experience for blu ray.  There going to probably have a DTS True HD surround sound for it as well as 1080 P AVC transfer.  I'm happy there spending so much time perfecting the movie but I'm very disappointed there cheating the fans out of special features and that 10 minutes of extra footage Cameron promised us.  For die hard fan's that want to own the movie right away and don't mind paying a premium for it then go ahead.  But for fans like me that want to see the special features and what went into making this movie wait save your money.   Remember that ten minutes of extra footage I was talking about he's going to re release it this summer to get us the fans to pay more money for 3d again about 15bucks a pop.  Fox and Cameron are greedy!  So if you don't mind waiting till next December that's when the 3D version will be released.
0316067601|5.0|I really enjoy reading these military accounts which take you behind the lines and make you feel like you're right there with the military members who are living these incredible events.  I thought it was a great story of his life and training and preparation and the very heroic battle that these brave warriors fought to protect and defend all of us who are so lucky to live in this great country.  It makes me appreciate our military more after reading this book. It was a great read.
B00003CXDD|5.0|I ordered \\"Willow\\" directly after Valentines day. I had put it off but, had meant to purchase it before Valentines day for my love. I ordered the movie the day after Valentines and received it within the week. Amazon has amazingly quick and efficient service.
1433502445|5.0|The bible is easy to read and understand and a wonderful study tool  I really am impressed with it
B0033AGPEE|5.0|This is pressed on beautiful thick high quality audiophile vinyl. The sound quality is excellent. This is the way Hendrix should be heard. There's nothing like listening to a musician as good as Jimi Hendrix through a 100 watt amp and floor standing speakers. If all you do is listen to music on an Ipod or on your computer than your missing out on a world of quality audio. The only shortcoming here is that there's two excellent bonus tracks on the digital version that aren't included on the vinyl. I downloaded the digital version for my Ipod and listen to the vinyl at home. This is a welcome addition to the Hendrix catalog. Whatever version you choose this release is not to be missed.
B00123B7N8|5.0|I've had this since it came out, but for the uninitiated, please download ASAP! This is a masterpiece of Metal. In the early 90's Metallica went softer, but Pantera more than picked up the slack by offering three of the hardest hitting, brain splattering, ear shattering displays of Metal madness anyone who's ever banged their head, or moshed, listened to. Cowboys, Vulgar, & the encore Driven, display a band in their prime that gave 1000%, and produced some of the greatest music you'll listen to. Their follow up albums, to Driven, have moments, but by then the band started to come apart at the seams, until the tragic, and way, way, way too early demise of Dimebag Darrell. RIP.
1576754227|5.0|I gotta admit, when I bought this book I was thinking I was getting a book about Louisiana cuisine so imagine my surprise when instead I received a fantastic book about getting organized and stopping procrastinating!    Awesome book.
0393072231|1.0|Can't give this anymore stars than one because lo-and-behold I can't get the book on my favorite eReader, my Kindle.    LAME
B000URWYTS|5.0|BEING A HUGE FAN OF FRANK LLOYD WRIGHT'S WORK I COULDN'T WAIT TO READ THIS BOOK.   I KNEW LITTLE OF THE MAN OR THE WOMEN IN HIS LIFE.  THIS IS ONE OF THE MOST INTERESTING BOOKS I HAVE READ IN YEARS!  PARTICULARLY, AS THE AUTHOR KNEW HIM AND THE WOMAN HE LOVED, AT THE TIME OF THIS SCANDAL.  THE BOOK IS SPELL BINDING EVEN THO I KNEW HOW IT ENDED HAVING READ MUCH ABOUT HIS LIFE.       HE WAS NOT A VERY NICE MAN BUT UNDOUBTABLY A GENIUS.  YOU COULD FEEL THE EMOTIONS OF THE CHARACTERS AS YOU READ THIS WONDERFULLY WRITTEN BOOK.   I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT.   I FELT SO MUCH COMPASSION FOR THE LOVE OF HIS LIFE AND THE AGONY SHE SUFFERED FOR THE LOSS OF HER CHILDREN.      THIS BOOK IS HISTORICAL AND SHOULD BE READ BY ANYONE WHO HAS BEEN FACINATED BY FRANK LLOYD WRIGHT.
0375842209|5.0|This is a very moving book. The author is quite poetic, many beautiful phrases.  An interesting concept in that the book is written by \\"death\\". But that is not a depressing concept in the way that it is presented.
B0035G9ABQ|3.0|Gorillaz is and has been an interesting concept since it's inception nearly 10 years ago. The idea of a creating a \\"concept band\\" as it were, taking the idea of a conceptual album to the next level, was always something I found intriguing. Nevertheless, at the end of the day, the only thing that really matters here is the music, and sadly this album leaves a ton of room for improvement and much to be desired.    If you're a die hard Gorillaz fan, then nothing I write here will sway your opinion one way or the other, which is fine. This review isn't for you folks. I myself am not what you'd consider a die-hard fan, but I did enjoy their previous album \\"Demon Days\\" and figured this would be worth a listen. I purchased \\"Plastic Beach\\" maybe a day after it was released, and have listened to it several times from start to finish over the past week. I've given it time to percolate, as many fan-boys will dismay any negative view towards the Gorillaz as a lack of \\"effort\\" to appreciate the music. The art direction is what convinced me to make the purchase, and it's cool. The video for the single \\"Stylo\\" oozes personality, and the small preview clips showcasing the plastic beach all scream top-notch production values. It's the music that disappoints, which is a shame because after all, this isn't a video game or movie.    \\"Plastic Beach\\" is a prime example of why I stopped buying albums several years ago. In fact, this was the first CD I purchased in over 4 years. Now don't get me wrong, there ARE a few really good songs to be found here, but the majority of it is just filler. It seems as though \\"Plastic Beach\\" was completely carried by the success of the Gorillaz first two albums. There's little coherency throughout entire CD. I've created mix tapes with more coherency than \\"Plastic Beach.\\" The guest appearances were very disappointing, and most made little sense in terms of choice. Track 3 is a great example, titled \\"White Flag\\". It starts out great, with an oriental-themed orchestral piece. About 30 seconds in, it's ruined by horrible lyrics and poor delivery by a couple of rappers whom I've never heard of before (nor want to hear again). Most of the time, the music in \\"Plastic Beach\\" drags and you're left wondering when things will pick up and become interesting. They rarely do. Minus several tracks, the album is a snore.    For those of you on the fence about making the purchase, preview all the tracks first (I'd suggest YouTube so you can listen to the entire track rather than just a 10-30 second preview). You're better off downloading individual songs that you prefer rather than dropping the whole $12 bucks for an average/below-average over-hyped offering such as \\"Plastic Beach.\\"
0375836675|1.0|I just could not get into this book. I had anticipated really liking it because I had just read another of his books, The Book Thief, which I found wonderful.  So I was very disappointed.
B000FZETKC|5.0|Can't go wrong with this movie.  It takes you back to your teenage years;)
B002YIHO7I|5.0|The CD Soldier of Love is extraordinary and exemplifies Sade's work as an artist. She gets a thumb up for this album. Her vocals as always are as smooth and soaring as a bird of nature soars the skies. I only had one problem and that was the delivery of the CD. Even though you all had a delivery window date, it was just too long from the time you all said it had been shipped until the time that I received it was like a month. Just too long. I would think you all are going to use this info for quality assurance purposes, therefore I would order from you all again provided this problem is taken care of. Thanks, Violet Elaine Mitchell.
1607885204|4.0|Ozzy has always been an independent spirit. He has lived through many things and this all has shaped him to be the person that he is now. For thirty years he was doing drugs, drinking, suicidal overdoses, STDs and was even hit while on a plane. He has made it though so much and is able to get his story out to everyone who is interested.<br /><br />I like to learn about the lives of celebrity's. I know that they are just people like you and me except they have tons of people watching their every move. I found Ozzy's life interesting and there is no way anyone could say that he's had a dull life.
B000ICLRIE|5.0|The theatrical release is OK, the directors cut, with almost an hour more of story, is great, more backstory, definitely more violent. No idea why they cut out so much in the theatrical cut. As I said, I thought the theatrical release was ok, but the directors cut is awesome, its almost like a completely different movie. There is so much more story in the DC, I was actully pretty shocked. Doubt I will ever watch the theatrical release again.
0767903862|5.0|BILL BRYSON'S BOOKS    I ordered this book (In a Sunburned Country) for a friend who is contemplating a trip to Australia.  I had read this book several years ago and had read several other of his books.  Bill Bryson is smart, funny, and keenly observant.  I would read any of his books and am sorry that his most recent book is the only one available on Kindle.  I am so spoiled with my Kindle that I don't want to read a paperback or hard cover
B001CDLATE|5.0|To be brief, imagine living inside an issue of National Geographic. There is no narrative, nor does need it. In fact I would say narration would be a detriment. The visuals are amazing, unquestionably the most visually stunning film I've ever seen. That being said, I wouldn't recommend Baraka unless you have a decent High Def TV and surround sound system.
B002JM1VJG|2.0|I have read many of the reviews, and many of the 4 and 5 star reviews are because this is a Madonna product, as if criticizing the content and quality of this collection is, in fact, criticizing Madonna.  That is not what is happening here.  I have been a Madonna fan since buying her first album in 1983, and I, like many who have written on here, have looked forward to this release.  I'm not a snob about picture quality or sound quality, I have an average surround sound system and 42 inch flatscreen.      This being said, I agree with many of the other reviewers in that this collection was a MAJOR bungle on someones part.  The quality is worst on the video 'I Want You'.  It looks as though Warners had to beg Motown for the video, and they sent some copy room boy over with a copy of a copy of a copy on an old video of 'The Wiz' they recorded it over.  I was in awe of the lack of care taken with the quality of the videos of the arguably biggest video artist.  I know Warner Bros. is losing a huge artist in their stable, but with releases like this, it's no wonder.  It's almost they made these DVD's like they were mad at her.  I'm a bit surprised they didn't add a poop smell to the case, but that would have added to the 6 cents or so they used to create them.    All in all, I am happy to have some of these videos together in one place, but even when he was alive, more respect was given to Michael Jackson, and even George Michael, when releasing their video collections.
B001NEK2GE|4.0|So yea i really bought this and it has up'd my game and is a must have for leet gamers. Only feedback i have and they need to address in the next version is the joystick although useful is hard to keep ur thumb on it and because it is hard plastic makes my thumb sore. Also the click mechanism needs to be more bouncy as it is hard to click making my thumb hurt more over time. solid construction!
B002ZTQVGQ|4.0|It is still Miyazaki, but simplified, too simplified for my taste. I found it lacking his usual complexity, layers of meaning and depth. It is definitely worth watching though: beautiful story, beautiful animation, but it did not have the profound effect on me his other movies had.
B00005KB9T|4.0|When I first bought this album, I absolutely loved it. I like Bob Marley a lot, and I have some of his older recordings from when they attempted to be a bit more rock than reggae. However, this album raises some political questions with some of its songs, and I can certainly appreciate rising against oppression. However, if you're like me, and you already view everyone as equal regardless of race, then it shouldn't bother you.    Excellent album.
B00000IREA|5.0|Total sixties cheese, but a true cult classic. Barbarella turns forty two years old, this year. If anything, its silliness has just gotten sillier over time. I have to say I loved this cult classic.
B002GYVRRI|5.0|This is a exceptionally good release. First the stereo CD is remixed so you get a noise-free, technologically advanced, beautiful rendition of the music you grew up with. You find new details,new soundscapes. The new pieces, are excellent too.To top it all, you get a 5.1 DVD-A again remixed in 5.1 thinking about owners of home theaters. This gives the music more room to breathe on its own and results in a different, better musical experience. I think King Crimsons music lends itself very well to the 5.1 treatment.  To the folks at Apple Records: See (and hear)how you missed the opportunity of your life. You should let Fripp and Steven Wilson do the Beatles catalog the right way.......
0143038419|1.0|This book should have been titled: \\"IT'S ALL ABOUT ME!!!!\\"  All I can say is I cringed to have to even give it a single star.  I thought this book was going to be enlightening on some level, but instead it is about a narcissistic individual unhappy with life because, well, it just doesn't make her happy.  Waaaa-waaaaa-waaaaa!  If only everybody had the money to jump on airplanes, explore life, and live strictly for themselves when things didn't quite provide enough pleasure, excitement, or satisfaction, but that's not how life plays out.  Sometimes you have to give a little.  Life is NOT about us, it's about making a difference in someone else's life and watching the impact you can make for good.  This book is a clear example of how a person can go in search of the WORLD and still not find true contentment.
B000062TU1|4.0|This item came slower than I expected but was still in new condition like advertised. Very good movie and purchasing it has helped me with the goal of owning all of the Harry Potter movies. Wasn't much of a fan until now so I have some catching up to do.
078322947X|3.0|I saw this on the \\"big screen\\" when it was first released. I had seen Clouzot's Wages of Fear and loved it, and wanted to see what The Exorcist's Billy Friedkin could do with it. Pardon the pun, but \\"Sorcerer\\" blew me away! I thought it was--and, forty+ years later, still is--one of the greatest action movies ever made.<br /><br />I could not figure out why more people didn't see it, why it didn't win awards, why it wasn't praised by the critics, why the studio didn't push it, etc.. Very unfair. I once read that for many people, the title was a problem. They thought it was a fantasy/horror movie about the occult or witchcraft or demons, which is logical, considering the impact of The Exorcist. I also heard Friedkin, basking in the well-deserved accolades from that film, thought of himself as the next Francis Ford Coppola, became a huge pain in the patoot, and so the studio wanted to teach him a lesson by not promoting the movie. Well, Sorcerer came and went faster than a popsicle on a NYC sidewalk in July. And that has continued to this day. The movie is almost completely unknown. It's really so unjust, because of how great an adventure movie it is.<br /><br />By the way, \\"Sorcerer\\" is the nickname painted on one of the key transport vehicles in the movie. The scene of the truck trying to cross the wooden bridge during the raging storm is an exercise in pure cinematic terror and suspense.<br /><br />Yes, the other folks who complained about the poor transfer and aspect ratio in the DVD are absolutely correct, but, until we have something better--Criterion, are you listening?--this edition will have to do. It's better than nothing. The inferior presentation and transfer is the reason I give it but 3 stars. Five stars will go to the DVD when it is finally issued properly. Still, action aficienados should do themselves a huge favor and rent or buy this film.
B00008DDXL|5.0|I ordered two items on the same day and this item came first. And I definitely didn't have to wait too long. I had a very good experience.
B001LF347E|5.0|I watched this show over the summer when it aired on NBC and really enjoyed it.  Not only is the story well told and just continues to build week to week but it's filled with brilliant actors, a cast with an amazing chemistry (especially the two leads Merlin (Colin Morgan) and Arthur (Bradley James)), and a good mix of fantasy, drama, comedy, and romance. So glad it's finally getting noticed in US.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|First I'll say that I enjoyed this movie and I think that the movie won the academy awards that it deserved. The computer graphics were quite spectacular.     Otherwise, the movie first struck me as a cowboys and indians story. The white men are moving into the country and slaughtering the buffalo, polluting the country, making deals and breaking them, etc., all in the interests of making a buck. Later after some thought the movie seemed to be a commentary on American capitalism. Yes greed has done some serious damage in our history and as recently as the sub-prime debacle.     Truth hurts doesn't it. An interesting dichotomy of capitalism making us great but also being our achilles heel and likely what will destroy the US long before any terrorists. Rome didn't last and neither will we if we don't find our souls and a reason for living besides a quest for money and power.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|I watched this movie in theaters after much reluctance. As a rule I generally avoid books/movies/TV until the excitement dies down so I have a more objective view.<br /><br />Yes, the movie is very visually beautiful. It has absolutely lovely environments and the acting of most of the characters, particularly Zoe Saldana's (Neytiri), are done rather skillfully. The music also contributed to the scenes without being obtrusive. It is in these regards that I enjoyed the movie very much and would recommend it to friends and family.<br /><br />However, the reason I did not give it a five star review is because of the other elements of a great movie that were missing or underrepresented. This is primarily the script and plot, both of which I felt could have been much stronger, opportunity missed.<br /><br />The dialogue is very prescribed and unnatural/unrealistic in sections and this takes me out of the movie, rolling my eyes or groaning. And when I say \\"unrealistic\\" I don't mean something along the lines of \\"scientifically impossible\\" because yes it is a fantasy movie, I get that and Sci-Fi is one of my favorite genera, but the character's development and personality can so gracefully and interestingly be demonstrated in what words they choose to say and the mannerisms they have. The development of the characters in this movie were very amateur and predictable. Mr. Cameron may have broke new ground in the visual and technology departments but apparently felt the need to stay away from doing anything interesting and new with his characters. Other than design, of course.<br /><br />The plot has been done many times. As one of my friends mentioned it is a very expensive movie child of Fergully and Dances with Wolves. Again, nothing new or fantastic about man against nature, using military arm to bully natives, someone \\"coming to their sense\\" and trading sides, and ultimately the movie displaying why the native way is the way to go.<br /><br />Also, one integral part of the movie, and maybe someone here could share their opinion with me, what was the ultimate purpose of the people in the movie spending copious amounts of money to create the Avatars in the first place? I only saw the movie once and could have missed it, but the way I understand what was said in the movie is it was easier for the native peoples to speak and accept the visiting race. If this is the only reason, it is acceptable? Seriously? As a Native American I can't help but feel slightly offended at that notion. When settlers came to America did they dress up in Tribal garb in order to be more accepted/less threatening? When people came to Africa to make contact or collect slaves (as the case/situation deemed) did they try to blend? No, because who in their right mind would think that someone doing that was on the level. Illogical really...but if perhaps there is more to it than that then please tell me so I can settle my thoughts. Maybe in the long run it would've been more cost-effective than buying and bringing all that oxygen. But regardless it is something that could have been explained easily in one or two lines and then be done with.<br /><br />Wow, I know that was wordie and if you are still reading thank you! I appreciate any comments and the time you've given me.share their opinion with me, what was the ultimate purpose of the people in the movie spending copious amounts of money to create the Avatars in the first place? I only saw the movie once and could have missed it, but the way I understand what was said in the movie is it was easier for the native peoples to speak and accept the visiting race. If this is the only reason, it is acceptable? Seriously? As a Native American I can't help but feel slightly offended at that notion. When settlers came to America did they dress up in Tribal garb in order to be more accepted/less threatening? When people came to Africa to make contact or collect slaves (as the case/situation deemed) did they try to blend? No, because who in their right mind would think that someone doing that was on the level. Illogical really...but if perhaps there is more to it than that then please tell me so I can settle my thoughts. Maybe in the long run it would've been more cost-effective than buying and bringing all that oxygen. But regardless it is something that could have been explained easily in one or two lines and then be done with.    Wow, I know that was wordie and if you are still reading thank you! I appreciate any comments and the time you've given me.
B000RG1FMO|1.0|This guys is one of the lamest rappers out there. His flow is weak set to mediocore beats and he comments on social issues he knows nothing about. The only rapper i can think of thats as bad is Benzino. Don't waste your money theres better things you could be buying.... like toilet paper.
0739370642|2.0|Since I have a long commute I decided to listen to this book instead of read the book.  The audiobook is difficult to listen to because the reader (Martin Wenner) does not adjust his voice enough to distinguish between the characters.  Often throughout listening to this audiobook it was difficult to determine who was talking.  I've listened to every Harry Potter book and this book doesn't even come close.  Jim Dale does an excellent job distinguishing his voice for several different characters.  He does such an excellent job that you can visualize each character while listening to the Harry Potter series.  Martin on the other hand with this book barely distinguishes his voice, if at all.<br /><br />The book content itself is entertaining, but the plot is predictable.  Although I think I would have enjoyed the book much more had I read it instead of listened to it.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This was most definitely the best movie I have ever seen in my whole life, thus far. I had to see it THREE times in IMAX to really get the full effect of it.<br />The first time, I had a hard time keeping the jaw off the floor.<br />The second time, I broke down crying at the end of the movie, because I was just so moved.<br />The third time, I really understood much of the movie, and I STILL cried at the end!<br />I own an action figure, a digital and CD copy of the soundtrack, a T-shirt, the Wii and PC game, and now this once it comes out. I will be getting a Blu-Ray drive for my quad-core machine (hooked up to a pair of 1080p monitors) JUST for this movie!
B000031WBQ|5.0|After listening and enjoying Sergei Rachmaninoff's 18th variation by various people, I began looking for a performance that to me was above the rest. And that's when I came upon Arthur Rubinstein. In this CD you two rare finds, a great composer in Sergei Rachmaninoff and a genius performer in Arthur Rubinstein. Once in a while I listen to a CD without skipping some tracks and this is one of the them I don't skip.
B002YP4FOQ|5.0|I purchased Alice in Chains \\" Dirt \\" album because it was one of my favorite albums of all times. I had to have it on Vinyl. The sound is great, I knew the songs by heart, and if you are an A.I.C. fan you cannot go wrong with \\" Dirt \\".
B001NXDIMK|5.0|continues the compelling story of Patty Hewes.  It has well developed characters and a compelling plot that moves forward at just the right pace.  The hints of what will happen pique the curiosity without giving anything away.  Well worth the time it takes to watch.  Leaves you waiting impatiently for season three.
B0000CEB4V|5.0|Simply a soul and memory expanding possession this set is! I know, I know, it sounds a lot of Maya to many, but for the pure pleasure this set gives, I think we can get over ourselves. I watch this concert at least once a week, often jamming along! Big Q: who is the tall guitarist who wore a flat cap and leather jacket, and played a LOT of slide, positioned to the camera's right of Clapton?
B000E41MS6|5.0|Doctor Who is my favorite TV show, I bought the collection to share with my son when he is older.
0060899220|1.0|I wish I'd read the reviews prior to purchasing.  I couldn't get past the first few chapters.  The writing was incredibly crude and created a totally repulsive image of what's going on in the kitchen.  If there are moments of hilarity they must be further along. I didn't think it worth the effort to continue.
076532413X|3.0|I hate to say this - because I know I'll catch a lot of flak for it, but - this is one case where the TV series really is better than the book.    This is not to say that the book is bad. It's sorta average, a quick read with a lot of physics made very easily understandable by the layman, which is a feat in and of itself. (Although, I'll admit that I read some of the more interesting bits of physics to my physics-obsessed boyfriend and was rewarded with a rant of epic proportions about how it was all fuzzed. And honestly, a lot of it was.)    The climax itself was the biggest anti-climax I've ever read. Well, maybe not the biggest, but the book just took every bit of suspense available and just flattened it.     This is not to say that the book is awful. It's just.. well, I've never really read a book that I can characterize more as \\"meh\\" than this book.    So, in summation, if you're curious where the series came from, go ahead and read it. It's fast. Just ...get it from the library or something.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|Avatar is the single most over rated film of the 21st century, and possibly ever.    This sci-fi action movie would have been as well attended as as the mostly unheard of sci-fi film \\"Serenity\\" (a far superior film) if not for the 150 million dollar Avatar ad campaign that turned a silly movie about blue super model aliens into the top social currency of the decade.  If you didn't see Avatar, you couldn't participate in all the conversations at school, work, the gym, on late night talk shows, or the news, or celebrity interviews, or newspapers, blogs, twitter, etc.  This movie's hyper inflated social value has nothing to do with the quality of the film, rather everything to do with the cultural spectacle of a half-billion dollar movie.    Anything enjoyable about this movie is purely from the brilliant use of movie making tricks and audience manipulations, generally used to enhance a good story and good characters, not generally used to replace them.  From the big sympathetic eyes of the aliens (the same eyes that Disney has been using to great effect for the last 90 years) to the almost-glimpses of the hot blue chick's breasts, to the blatant milking (no relation to the previous statement) of the current and ever so popular, environmental movement, Avatar proves that you can replace quality storytelling with cheap movie making tricks and money spending spectacles in order to earn millions.    The characters are pure stereotypes and clichs, straight out of Saturday morning cartoons.  The story is so predictable you'll swear you've seen it before (and probably have.)  The plot is excruciatingly formulaic. (I think they used Hollywood Action Plot number 0016-B.)  And it's all purely a slave to the special effects: everything that happens, happens because it will result in a gratuitous CG sequence.      If you aren't sold on this thing so far, allow me to set it up for you:    There is a native alien race, of eleven foot tall blue supermodel cat people with great abs, that live close to the nature (in their case on the planet Pandora). They love all nature, have the ability to mentally interface with all the animals and in fact the planet itself.  The native alien race don't have any unlikeable native/tribal tendencies, like war, jealousy, pooping, hunting and killing animals, polygamy or any form of sexism, etc.  They are the perfect race, living in perfect harmony with their perfect planet and all of nature.  Aliens = good guys.  Got it.    And then...  an evil corporation, lead by a selfish and single minded company-man (played by Giovanni Ribisi) who wants to strip mine the lovely planet of all the precious ore, aptly named \\"unobtanium\\", to make a profit, without care for any harm to nature or the natives.  Are you getting dumber yet?  Your brain is being strip mined for a profit.  Corporation = bad guys.  Brilliant.    The corporation is backed up by a military, who want's to destroy everything, regardless of consequences or strategy or logic...  They are represented by a war mongering battle scarred military-slogan slinging emotionless hard-ass, armed with hate for that which he doesn't understand and unlimited military \\"pep talk\\" speeches: \\"Out there, beyond that fence, every living thing that crawls, flies or squats in the mud wants to kill you and eat your eyes for jujubes.\\"  Military = bad.  We get it.    So the supermodel Smurfs with great abs, go to war with the evil corporation and the evil military when their sacred magic tree-fort of life is threatened.  Because it sits right on top of the unobtanium motherload.  (This whole thing is a mother-load.)  Caught in the middle of it all is Jake, the nice paraplegic soldier-hero guy that wants to do the right thing.  At first he wants to be loyal and help his military unit by infiltrating the alien tribe, by injecting his consciousness into the body of a genetic copy of one of the sexy aliens, or an \\"Avatar.\\"  After infiltrating and living with the aliens in his Avatar,Jake decides that they have it \\"so right\\", living with nature, respecting the planet, flying around on dragons, not to mention his new alien girlfriend is super hot.  So Jake has a change of heart and perspective and decides to help the aliens fight the bad guys.  Thank goodness the white guy showed up to save the natives!     (I wonder if the main human character would still have fallen in love with the alien princess and opted to help the alien natives if they had been short fat frog people with acne and patchy body hair, and a propensity for chronic laziness and eating bunnies.  Would audiences have been so willing to worship the film?  Way to challenge the status quo James.)    The love story is astoundingly trite and hopelessly silly: the hottest, strongest, smartest alien chick, who's also the princess of the tribe, was apparently holding out for an incompetent guy that she has to keep from dying 15 times a day.  Apparently that's what hot alien princesses are looking for in a guy.    To sum up the story/plot: the main character arrives, dopey dialogue, bad guys are established, more dopey dialogue, main character meets sexy aliens, blue side-boob, dragon flying sequence, dopey dialogue, more flying, melodramatic moment with blue side-boob and more dopey dialogue, big battle sequence, one liner, more battle sequence with more dragon flying, battle, battle, battle, dopey dialogue with weak moral lesson, set up for sequel, end credits.    One question for James Cameron, et all.  If you have half a billion dollars to make a movie completely from CG, you can do anything you want that no one has ever done or seen before, you can blow the minds of everyone with unprecedented visuals and ideas, you can build an entire world from scratch so you can tell any story conceivable, limited only by your imagination and the imagination of hundreds of artists, writers, and technical people, and you give us \\"Dances With Smurfs\\"...?    You could create any kind of unimaginablealien species and creature, things we would never be able to see unless it was created in CG for a movie, but we get blue cartoon cat people, and the same jungle monsters and flying dinosaurs that are from every summer CG movie from the past ten years.    You can show us anything you want, employing hundreds of CG artists to show us something visually extraordinary, a whole new perspective, and you chose to show us war and violence?  And not even realistic combat that might show people the terrible reality of war and violence; you gave us glorified video game violence with flying dragons.  \\"Look how cool I can make this look!\\"      Many argue that Avatar had \\"amazing visuals\\" that had never been done before.  I was \\"dazzled\\" by the same CG video game cut-scene stylings in the 2001 film \\"Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within.\\"  Original visuals?  The ideas and visuals that make up the world of Pandora are cool, just like they were when artist Roger Dean did them back in the 60's.  I wonder if Dean has a good copyright lawyer.  And those Dinotopia books from the early 90's were cool too.  And what's all this talk about some movie called Delgo?  (Google this stuff folks.)  If you want the same story, but done well, I recommend Dances With Wolves, Never Cry Wolf, The New World, etc.  And if you want cool animated visuals look into any Pixar film.  Skip Avatar, unless you need to fit in with the \\"seen it\\" crowd.    What's your 500 million dollar idea?  Avatar was simply an exercise in gratuitousness from top to bottom, beginning to end.  The whole thing was horribly unoriginal and unnecessary.  Pandora was pretty looking, but there are actual places on our real planet that are even more beautiful.  The CG characters were kind of lifelike, but you could have real actors, that are actually alive.  Would audiences respond better to seeing actual people with real emotions rather than artificial representations of them with pre-recorded voices?  What was the point of all the artificially created elements if you're giving us something that can be accomplished as good or better without all the expensive CG?      Would you rather have 25 twenty-million-dollar movies you could go see, or one Avatar?  I guess you could go see Avatar 25 times...    -ursus-
B0011HF6GE|5.0|I'm not much of a writer so here goes, I love this CD. I've had it on my ipod for about six months now and listen to it nearly every day while at work. It is sublime, haunting and oddly comforting.
B0031OCY2E|4.0|First off, this is not a documentary although it is based on real people and real events. It's also not one of those comedies where it is outrageously funny in the broad sense - no physical comedy, no \\"I got to tell the people at work that joke\\" kind of humor. But it's still funny.<br />I'd think it would take great courage to be a whistleblower. Most of us feel some sort of company loyalty plus the job does pay the bills. Plus would anybody ever hire you again to work for their company? Would that be seen as a good thing to have on your resume'? Or should you just leave that part off?<br />In this movie, you get to see what motivates one particular whitsleblower - Mark Whitacre (Matt Damon), who worked for the very rich and powerful Fortune 500 company, Archer Daniels Midland. (Archer Daniels Midland is a huge agribusiness.)Mark Whitacre was the president of the bio-product division of ADM with a huge problem Whitacre has to solve - it appears the level of lysine is dying off in the ADM product and it could be infected with a virus. And than Whitacre gets an extortion attempt from another person in another company on how to keep the lysine healthy.<br />He reports this to his bosses, who promptly bring in the FBI (Scott Bakula and Joel McHale). They tap his home phones (one for personal, one for business) and things start to unravel from that point onwards.<br />Whitacre decides to \\"come clean\\" with the FBI and share the information that ADM conspired with other world wide manufacturers to control the price of lysine. Price fixing is a huge deal and has lots of penalties (financial as well as jail time) for the people who do this type of crime.<br />Whitacre is recruited (or does he recruit himself?) to be the inside person to document all the information. After all, he goes to the meetings, he has the company's trust and he has access to the players involved. He seems to relish his role as an FBI informant, seemingly wanting to be caught by his bosses.<br />For the FBI's part, they seem to be quite happy to have the possibility of this huge catch dangling in front of them. Whitacre's motives are not called into question until well into the investigation and that's by an agent that doesn't know him as well as the two agents who constantly work with Whiteacre.<br />What makes this interesting to me is that there are a lot of twists in the story. The movie viewer has the FBI's perspective as information about Whitacre is slowly dribbled out. There's no red herrings, no weird bits that throw you out of the movie and make you think \\"how stupid were these people?\\".<br />I really liked the movie. There are some complaints that the wife's perspective isn't given in the story. It appears the wife is peripheral to the movie and you never really know how much she knows at any point. To me, that makes it better as the story is solely concentrated on Whitacre and his actions. I recommend this movie highly for people who like their comsdy to make them think.to be quite happy to have the possibility of this huge catch dangling in front of them. Whitacre's motives are not called into question until well into the investigation and that's by an agent that doesn't know him as well as the two agents who constantly work with Whiteacre.  What makes this interesting to me is that there are a lot of twists in the story. The movie viewer has the FBI's perspective as information about Whitacre is slowly dribbled out. There's no red herrings, no weird bits that throw you out of the movie and make you think \\"how stupid were these people?\\".  I really liked the movie. There are some complaints that the wife's perspective isn't given in the story. It appears the wife is peripheral to the movie and you never really know how much she knows at any point. To me, that makes it better as the story is solely concentrated on Whitacre and his actions. I recommend this movie highly for people who like their comsdy to make them think.
B002NC8JEC|5.0|If you don't have a copy of the original, then you should get this re-packaged CD.  This will make the 3rd installment of the J5 Christmas.  I grew up with the original, and it is classic to me.
0805080120|4.0|If you've ever wondered how languages develop and change, why every language seems in its own time to have deteriorated from previous elegance and greatness, how abstract concepts come to be expressed with the simplest of thing-words--well if you've ever wondered about any of these things, you will love this book.<br /><br />In the most entertaining way, author Guy Deutscher shows how language is continually created, destroyed and re-created by the same simple mechanisms. Yes, language is mankind's greatest invention, but it was never invented. Author Deutscher packs a tremendous amount of technical linguistic information, theory, and history into this volume, and makes it, mostly, quite understandable. More information is packed into a series of appendixes, which, this reviewer admits, he didn't read (at least, not yet).<br /><br />If the book has any flaw, it would be wordiness--long, rambling sentences that are sometimes a little hard to wade through. The author tries to maintain a cheerful, conversational tone, and he sometimes uses ten words where three would have done nicely. But hey,  it's still a great book for the amateur linguist. I recommend it highly. Reviewed by Louis N. Gruber.
B0035V35PI|5.0|This movie was beyond excellent. Best ninja movie I`ve ever seen. And Sho Kosugi best actor & movie ever, better than all the other`s. And Rain excellent job.
0393072231|5.0|As other reviewers have mentioned, Michael Lewis is a great writer, and for reading pleasure this is head and shoulders above any of the other crisis books. It's also an accurate account of Wall Street (the metaphysical place, not the geographic one). He gets the good and the bad; the sense in which markets are honest and the sense in which they are not; the groupthink and how iconoclasts thrive; the subtlety of the choices and the pain. Just as [[ASIN:039333869X Liar's Poker]] \\"Herman the German\\" created an indelible shorthand for the difference between salesperson and customer, The Big Short fixes important aspects of recent financial events in permanent form, with the skill of a great sculptor.<br /><br />To do this, Lewis isolates a story that was at the core. He does not try to explain every event, every institution. This is what overwhelms other accounts. Years from now a great historian might distill a deeper truth from a broader view, but until then this will be the best portrait we have. Like [[ASIN:0393324818 Moneyball]] and [[ASIN:1840323310 The New New Thing]] it brings you inside a world and gives you a mental snapshot to carry forever.<br /><br />I am personally more tolerant of the flaws of Wall Street, and more appreciative of its virtues, than Lewis, but he does not impose his views. He lays out the story. Some will be revolted, others won't. He also mentions only briefly the political follies and dishonesties, and completely ignores the contributions from Main Street. That's okay, those aren't his story. That others did bad things is no excuse for Wall Street. But it does make for an uneven picture. Those in search of ammunition for banker bashing will find it here, but then it's hardly in short supply. Those who want to understand what happened on a human level will find something far more valuable.<br /><br />Everyone should read this book, lover or hater of Wall Street or just curious. You'll get a great story and you'll learn something.
0307454541|5.0|I considered this book for several months before taking the plunge.  I am glad I did and will be looking for the next two books in the series.  It is intelligent and intriguing.  There are plenty of unknowns to keep you wondering, and just enough information is given to keep you on the hook sort of speak.  I agree with another reviewer on here, the first 30 pages or so are kind of odd, and leave you thinking you missed something, but fear not it all comes together.<br /><br />A must read if you like smart mysteries with intelligent dialogue, developed characters, and multiple plot layers.
0307454541|5.0|For the first 70 pages or so I thought that this was a real sleeper.  It is confusing as it goes back and forth between 2 stories, neither of which we know a thing about.  Take character notes in the beginning so you can easily identify the characters as they appear later in the novel.  Several times I thought I had figured out the mystery, only to find another twist!  I loved this book and cannot wait to start the authors follow up novel with this same amazing woman!!!
B00387T1H0|5.0|I caught one episode on rerun and was immediately hooked.  I bought the whole series on dvd and watched it all in a week. I just could not get enough.  I have finally caught up on season five and can not wait for more.  These two guys are sexy and fun and have great onscreen chemistry.  I am going to warn you, once you watch it is like a drug, you are completely addicted.
B00005J6UP|5.0|A family favorite for many years...now for the grand kids.  Produced by one of our great movie makers in his early years...Spielberg.  Great story and great production.
B001O1O71C|4.0|The Boy in the Striped Pajamas was an amazing read for me.  It was a fairly quick read.  I think I finished it in two sittings but had to go back and reread the ending just for that final emotional punch.    Although the Holocaust is an extremely serious topic, John Boyne has chosen to write an allegorical fable and I think this was an interesting and creative way to go, but the reader must be able to suspend his/her disbelief.  Not a little, all of it.  I think it is important for readers to know and understand the book is a fable and is written as such.  The book is told from the point of view of 9 year old Bruno who is incredibly nave and therefore does not understand his fathers position or the true purpose of \\"Out-With\\" (his name for Auschwitz.)  I could spend hours pointing out historical inaccuracies or situations that are just plain impossible but again, this is a fable and historical accuracies are not the point of the book.  The fable that makes this book serves a few purposes in my opinion.    I liked the exaggerated navet of Bruno.  It serves the purpose of implicitly letting us know the horrors that are occurring \\"off-page.\\"  This is nearly as terrorizing as actually reading about the atrocities because you KNOW exactly what is happening but it's not actually stated.  Left to the imagination, these atrocities can be just as appalling or worse because no one is telling you what to see or feel.  I felt this was a great psychological tool Boyne utilized throughout the book.      Secondly, this fable serves to remind us that we will never, ever know what it is like to be that boy in the striped pajamas.  Putting such a serious topic into such a nave representation reminds me that I am nave.  I am like Bruno.  I will never be able to completely or truly understand what went on for those in the striped pajamas.  I like having this humbling reminder.  I think this is the main point of the book.  Only the victims and survivors truly know.  I see thisbook as a tribute and a lesson.     Another aspect of the book that I felt was a mind game was the actual the turning of the pages.  I know this sounds funny.  I'm not spoiling anything by saying that the story is about a German boy who befriends a Jewish boy (who is in \\"striped pajamas\\") during the holocaust at Auschwitz.  I KNEW from the start of the book it wasn't going to end well.  I knew with each turn of the page that I was getting closer to a most-likely devastating ending, yet I had to keep reading.      This book definitely touched me.  Although told as a nave fable to represent intense situations, I thought the book had lots of different layers to peel away.  I am glad to have read it and I have recommended it to others.
B000NA28IE|5.0|Plain and simple, I enjoyed the story and the special effects are amazing like so many of today's productions. Some reviewers whined it wasn't as good as the books...the imagination is almost always a better screen to view upon.  I enjoyed it despite its flaws. Good entertainment.
B00005JMCW|5.0|This is an excellent movie if you want to laugh a lot and relax.  Very well acted by Curtis and Lohan.  No matter how many times I watch it I still laugh all the way through it.  I had to buy it so I can watch whenever I want some feel-good entertainment.
0393072231|4.0|OK, I paid HK $266 for this book on publication day in Hong Kong - i.e. around US $35. So, yes, a Kindle edition would be nice.    That aside, I'd still give only four stars. The problem is there are two parts to this book and neither is handled 100%. The story of the managers shorting the market is well told and gripping. But suffers as other reviewers have said from not being entirely fresh. And also I think from being second hand. The thing that made Liar's Poker so good was Lewis was there. In the Big Short he is reporting on others' experience and it misses some bite. But even so, he does a great job of putting across just how stunning was the combination of greed and arrogance in the stupid bankers and cycnicism and opportunism in the smart ones and how it took America over the brink with grim consequences for the rest of us.    Which brings me to the second theme. Somewhere in here is a good book on policy - is there anything to be done? Lewis is well placed to write it. But he avoids the big questions. Not sure why. As he points out, \\"the most pernicious and least discussed\\" conflict of interest on Wall Street is \\"when a firm makes bets on stocks and bonds for its own account at the same time that is brokers them to customers\\". Indeed. Hence the Volcker rule. But this big point is in a FOOTNOTE on page 205! Lewis puts some interesting views into the mouths of his actors. But I would be interested in a fuller account of what Lewis himself has to say about how/whether things could be managed better.    And a footnote of my own: Lewis takes a lot of shots at Goldman Sachs. His view that they were more culpable than spin suggests is interesting. But he does not manage to land a hit and make his case. Needs another book on what really ahppened at Goldman.    But, still, a good read and worth buying  - even at $35 . . .
143350393X|5.0|I am so fascinated by this product to an extend that carrying it is no longer a problem for me. Beauty and faithfullness can overide the overweight problem. Faithfull to the original text and notes clarifies without a personal agenda i.e guide without imposing. Go for TruTone, it is the best value for money. God bless.
B0000AQS0F|4.0|I bought the series after seeing the movie \\"Serenity\\".  I like the series so far (4 of 14). My wife who liked the movie but not so much the series.
0143117157|5.0|If you saw the movie Invictus and certainly if you did not this is still a must read book in my opinion.      There was so much more going on at the time than the movie could possibly tell us and to read the book you see the wisdom and skill of Nelson Mandela and others to prevent a blood bath in South Africa at the time of this story.  There is much for the world to learn from this man and others to aspire to.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Okay, if you're reading this, there is a 95% chance you've already seen the movie and know how great it is.  What I'm going to mention is about all the people saying not to buy it because it doesn't have the special features and extended scenes yet.  Well, who cares!?  You already paid MORE than the $25 for the Blu-ray DVD when you saw it in the theater (unless you saw it by yourself without snacks).  Buy it and watch it again because you know you want to.  When the extended release comes out, buy it too - I will.  Sell the old one on E bay if you want some of your coin back.  No big deal!  Enjoy!
0446581348|5.0|I just purchased this book and Making Faces. I barely touched Making Faces. This book breaks down everything from lips to brows. It's extremly organized, very helpful pictures, and has so much more that I didn't expect. This is the only one you will need!
0393072231|1.0|Not providing a Kindle option does not inspire me to go buy the hardcover, just the opposite in fact. There are plenty of books available on Kindle from publishers that evidently are happy to have my money. Publishers who ignore this new, growing market do so at their own peril.
0307266303|5.0|I enjoyed this book so much. I've been running regularly for 17 years, and this book re-kindled the joy of it for me. Even if you're not a runner, there is much to enjoy here. It also showed me how I've bought in to the running shoe myth, and now I'm running more naturally in some old, barely-padded sneakers, and feeling better than ever. Highly recommended.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|First, let me sayed that I loved Avatar and would rate it 5 stars for the movie itself. My one star rating is solely to warn people that Fox has already announced 3 Blu-Ray versions of Avatar.     This early release version contains NO EXTRAS OF ANY KIND (i.e. no additional scenes, no running commentary, no trailers, no anything!). There will be an AVATAR SPECIAL EDITION released on Blu-Ray in time for Christmas this year and a 3D SPECIAL EDITION released sometime next year.    I urge fans of this movie NOT to purchase this crippled early release and if you cannot wait to see Avatar in your home theater then you can just as easily RENT this version from Netflix and then purchase either the special edition or 3D edition once they are released.    As movie fans, we must band together to send a message to the Studios that we will not accept their blatant multi-dip marketing tactics and will only purchase these movies when they include all of the special features that current technology allows!
B000002A3T|5.0|I don't normally do album reviews, but after reading all the wiki entries and so-called reviews of the Division Bell, this boy ain't gonna shut up anymore.<br /><br />Once and for all, ladies and gentlemen, please get over Roger Waters' departure.  It's so old and tired to read review after review that has nothing more than the feel of being written by Waters himself.  I love Waters with Floyd, of course, but if the man can't get his crap together and play nice with this epic group, then he deserves to sit in his puddle of re-re-re-re-resurrecting the Wall over, over and over.  That kind of behavior is a sad vision of someone becoming a parody of himself.<br /><br />From start to finish, the Division Bell is every bit the decades-length masterpiece that is Pink Floyd.  Period, end of story.  Any nay-saying is just simply Twinkies hitting Gibraltar.<br /><br />The last time I listened to it, I turned out the lights when \\"High Hopes\\" came on, and was thankful for an empty house and a loud stereo so that I could enjoy this epic all over again.  The album, to me, is simply haunting in the best way possible, making me long for something so real and so fictional all at once that my breath is taken away.<br /><br />Before I go into the ground, I want the funeral parlor to play \\"High Hopes\\" at whatever memorial service I have, big or small, ashes or bones, wind or stillness.<br /><br />Those are the best words I know to give for a review here on such a great album, one that will forever be cemented in my top five, if not top three.<br /><br />Stop taking a dump on it, put your hang-ups and nonsense aside, and play it again.<br /><br />Breathe, folks.
0307454541|2.0|Larsson's descriptions of the many acts of violence against women (mostly sexual) were so creepily detailed they bordered on the fetishistic.  His descriptions of violence towards men were spare.  I barely made it through the book, but I did finish it, the rest of the story was interesting and well-paced.  Then I read a little bit of the excerpt of Book 2 included in my edition and it appeared to be a long description of the heroine being raped when she was 13.  More of the same, no thank you.
B001OQCV2E|2.0|The best way to capture the imagination of individuals is to update a traditional story.  Through familiarity and repetition, the listener/viewer is mesmerized to believe the story, because it is already embedded into the psyche.   \\"2012\\" is a contemporary version of Noah's Ark.  It's a dramatic, pseudo-scientific explanation to how the world, as we know it, will end.  Like any Hollywood morality tale, the fight is against saving all of humanity (including the dregs) versus the upper echelon that would create a  world based on genetic and economic specialization.              \\"2012\\" is filled with altruism, special effects, and subliminal messages.  There's a part in the movie after the flood where John Cusack's daughter asks him when are they going back home.  His response was \\"We're going to make a new home here.\\"  \\"2012\\" is the Terror Attacks of September 11, 2001 multiplied by a million and the sentiments are tantamount to a tree falling on a house and someone saying---\\"We're just call All State for an estimate.\\"  Obviously, we have to grant a certain amount of \\"Dramatic License\\" to imaginary events, but this movie asks us to suspend reality altogether.    This movie has artistic value in its cinematography, but the storyline is hackneyed and overly moralistic.    Edward Brown  Core Edge Image & Charisma Institute
B0035KESBE|5.0|I love all the mini clips of past concerts and all the music videos that are included in this movie.I go crazy over the Smooth criminal moves...The movie plot is not the great but you get to see Michael doing what he loves,playing with kids and a dog.So it wonderful....
0345495004|5.0|A great love story!!  A great story about the beginnings of the Woman's Movement. A book that's hard to put down till you finish it!
B002VWNICW|5.0|I'm always leery of remakes, but they have done a great job with this one!  Beautiful movie and well worth the bluray upgrade!  Great acting and music scores are wonderful. Enjoy!
B0034JKZ3G|2.0|I liked Tiana.  I think she's a good role model.  She worked hard to make her dreams come true.  I didn't think there was anything racist in this movie like some others have said.  But, for my family, the \\"I've Got Friends On The Other Side\\"/voodoo/demons theme of this movie was too dark.  We saw this in the theater but won't be buying it.
B001E2JNA6|5.0|If you love this mini-series, you'll love this dvd!  They show in the extra features how they have lightened and brightened the movie itself by bringing it to high definition formats.  Beautiful movie and most worthy of the bluray upgrade!  Enjoy!
B002I9Z89Y|5.0|I have wanted to own all the episodes of the original series of Star Trek for quite some time. I noticed that the prices for the dvd releases of this series are ridiculously expensive at or about $100 per season. I found that I was also torn between which version to get, either the original production or the new re-stored \\"Lucasfied\\" version. I then came across this product right here on Amazon in Blu-ray for a fraction of the cost. I quickly realized that with the purchase of a Blu-ray drive (LITE-ON iHOS104) I could finally start a blu-ray collection and begin it with the entire collection of Star Trek the original series (BOTH VERSIONS!!!) re-mastered and re-stored for far less money then what the dvd sets would cost.<br />A NO BRAINER!<br /><br />In Full HD, the video is astonishing; the color, blacks and detail of these episodes makes this set on blu-ray a must own for any fan. Every episode can be watched with its original special effects or the newly redone (Lucasfied) version. Each version is re-mastered and fully re-stored with amazing visual clarity and quality.<br /><br />The \\"Lucasfied\\" versions of all the episodes include the original re-mastered and re-stored episodes, but ALL the special effects are redone with computer generated imagery (CGI). Every phaser blast, space scene, explosion and whatnot has been completely replaced with an excellent CGI that stays true to the concept of design. Keep in mind; you can still play every episode with the original special effects and they are still from a re-mastered and fully restored source.<br /><br />Season One:<br />Disc One - Amok Time*, Who Mourns For Adonis?, The Changeling, Mirror Mirror,<br />Special Features - Preview Trailers, Billy Blackburn's Treasure Chest: Rare Home Video And Special Memories Part 2<br />Disc Two - The Apple, The Doomsday Machine, Catspaw, I Mudd, Metamorphosis<br />Special Features - Preview Trailers<br />Disc Three -Journey To Babel, Friday's Child, The Deadly Years, Obsession, Wolf In The Fold<br />Special Features - Preview Trailers<br />Disc Four - The Trouble With Tribbles*<br />Special Features -Preview Trailers, More Tribbles More Troubles (Animated Series Episodes with commentary), Trials and Tribble-ations (DS9 Series Episode), Trials and Tribble-ations: Uniting Two Legends, Trials and Tribble-ations: An Historic Endeavor, Stark Trek: TOS on Blu-ray<br />Disc Five - The Gamesters Of Triskelion, A Piece Of The Action, The Immunity Syndrome, A Private Little War<br />Special Features - Preview Trailers, To Boldly Go... Season Two<br />Disc Six -Return To Tomorrow, Patterns Of Force, By Any Other Name, The Omega Glory<br />Special Features - Preview Trailers, Designing The Final Frontier<br />Disc Seven - The Ultimate Computer, Bread And Circuses, Assignment: Earth<br />Special Features - Preview Trailers, Star Trek's Favorite Moments, Writer's Notebook: D.C. Fontana, Life Beyond Trek, Leonard Nimoy, Kirk Spock And Bones: Star Trek's Great Trio, Star Trek's Devine Diva: Nichelle Nichols, Enhanced Visual Effects Credits<br /><br />Various episodes marked with an * have \\"Starfleet Access\\" a picture in picture behind the scenes commentary on the episode. The episodes and the special features are listed on the inside of the box cover (might be a little hard to read for some).<br /><br />So far with SEASON TWO, there haven't been any issues with the 8 channel dts audio, not like issues with season one. You have an option to use either dts or the original re-mastered mono, as this is still a phenomenal audio presentation.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B002EE996Q LITE-ON 4x Blu-ray Disc SATA Internal Optical Drive iHOS104]]<br />Read my review for this drive too, I address a lot of misconceptions about it.w Trailers  Disc Four - The Trouble With Tribbles*  Special Features -Preview Trailers, More Tribbles More Troubles (Animated Series Episodes with commentary), Trials and Tribble-ations (DS9 Series Episode), Trials and Tribble-ations: Uniting Two Legends, Trials and Tribble-ations: An Historic Endeavor, Stark Trek: TOS on Blu-ray  Disc Five - The Gamesters Of Triskelion, A Piece Of The Action, The Immunity Syndrome, A Private Little War  Special Features - Preview Trailers, To Boldly Go... Season Two  Disc Six -Return To Tomorrow, Patterns Of Force, By Any Other Name, The Omega Glory  Special Features - Preview Trailers, Designing The Final Frontier  Disc Seven - The Ultimate Computer, Bread And Circuses, Assignment: Earth  Special Features - Preview Trailers, Star Trek's Favorite Moments, Writer's Notebook: D.C. Fontana, Life Beyond Trek, Leonard Nimoy, Kirk Spock And Bones: Star Trek's Great Trio, Star Trek's Devine Diva: Nichelle Nichols, Enhanced Visual Effects Credits    Various episodes marked with an * have \\"Starfleet Access\\" a picture in picture behind the scenes commentary on the episode. The episodes and the special features are listed on the inside of the box cover (might be a little hard to read for some).    So far with SEASON TWO, there haven't been any issues with the 8 channel dts audio, not like issues with season one. You have an option to use either dts or the original re-mastered mono, as this is still a phenomenal audio presentation.     [[ASIN:B002EE996Q LITE-ON 4x Blu-ray Disc SATA Internal Optical Drive iHOS104]]  Read my review for this drive too, I address a lot of misconceptions about it.
B000MRAAJW|5.0|I know that it's hard to believe, but things that were released on HD DVD are *still in HD*! Isn't that amazing?! My parents bought an HD DVD player 2 years ago when the format war was still raging (it's still a win because it's the best up-converter for regular DVD that I've seen). I've since grabbed up very, very cheap HD DVDs for 2 and 3 dollars (including Batman Begins, Hot Fuzz, Lost in Translation, 12 Monkeys, Fear and Loathing in LV, Eternal Sunshine of a Spotless Mind, Planet Earth, and many other good movies). As it stands, you could buy an HD DVD player, Planet Earth, and a few other movies all for less than Planet Earth cost originally. I play them with an Xbox 360 HD DVD drive connected to my PC on my 1080p TV and they look fantastic.    I appreciate people dumping old technology, but if it makes no sense to scrap a collection just to make a lateral move to blu ray. Search for HD DVDs, see how many movies that you like (and would buy) that are on HD DVD, it might actually make a little sense for you to start an \\"obsolete\\" collection. I know it kind of sounds nuts, but it could be a wise investment if you would have bought the movies anyway.     That being said, this particular HD DVD is just stunning. Even if there were no narration, it's splendid and, dare I say, majestic. I have barely had the chance to watch it, because it simply demands that you stare... that you stare with your jaw agape. This is a stunning, stunning visual feast.     (P.S. I do have a blu ray player now, but I'm not about to replace perfectly good HD movies! :) )
B001TH16DS|5.0|I have wanted to own all the episodes of the original series of Star Trek for quite some time. I noticed that the prices for the dvd releases of this series are ridiculously expensive at or about $100 per season. I found that I was also torn between which version to get, either the original production or the new re-stored \\"Lucasfied\\" version. I then came across this product right here on Amazon in Blu-ray for a fraction of the cost. I quickly realized that with the purchase of a Blu-ray drive (LITE-ON iHOS104) I could finally start a blu-ray collection and begin it with the entire collection of Star Trek the original series (BOTH VERSIONS!!!) re-mastered and re-stored for far less money then what the dvd sets would cost.<br />A NO BRAINER!<br /><br />In Full HD, the video is astonishing; the color, blacks and detail of these episodes makes this set on blu-ray a must own for any fan. Every episode can be watched with its original special effects or the newly redone (Lucasfied) version. Each version is re-mastered and fully re-stored with amazing visual clarity and quality.<br /><br />The \\"Lucasfied\\" versions of all the episodes include the original re-mastered and re-stored episodes, but ALL the special effects are redone with computer generated imagery (CGI). Every phaser blast, space scene, explosion and whatnot has been completely replaced with an excellent CGI that stays true to the concept of design. Keep in mind; you can still play every episode with the original special effects and they are still from a re-mastered and fully restored source.<br /><br />Season One:<br />Disc One - The Man Trap, Charlie X, Where No Man Has Gone Before*, The Naked Time<br />Special Features - Preview Trailers, Spacelift: Transplanting Trek Into The 21st Century<br />Disc Two - The Enemy Within, Mudd's Women, What Are Little Girls Made Of?, Miri, Dagger Of The Mind<br />Special Features - Preview Trailers<br />Disc Three - The Corbomite Maneuver, The Menagerie Part 1*, The Menagerie Part 2*, The Conscience Of The King<br />Special Features - Preview Trailers, Reflections On Spock<br />Disc Four - Balance Of Terror*, Shore Leave, The Galileo Seven, The Squire Of Gothos<br />Special Features - Preview Trailers, Life Beyound Trek: William Shatner<br />Disc Five - Arena, Tomorrow Is Yesterday, Court Martial, The Return Of The Archons<br />Special Features - Preview Trailers, To Boldly Go... Season One, The Birth Of A Timeless Legacy<br />Disc Six - Space Seed*, A Taste Of Armageddon, This Side Of Paradise, The Devil In The Dark<br />Special Features - Preview Trailers, Interactive Enterprise Inspection, Sci-Fi Visionaries<br />Disc Seven - Errand Of Mercy*, The Alternative Factor, The City On The Edge Of Forever, Operation: Annihilate!<br />Special Features - Preview Trailers, Billy Blackburn's Treasure Chest: Rare Home Movies And Special Memories, Kiss `n' Tell: Romance In The 23rd Century<br /><br />Various episodes marked with an * have \\"Starfleet Access\\" a picture in picture behind the scenes commentary on the episode. The episodes and the special features are listed on the inside of the box cover (might be a little hard to read for some).<br /><br />The original pilot with two versions are on the third season blu-ray release.<br /><br />The ONLY downfall is the audio, I am no expert but it seems that the studio cut some serious corners in this aspect. The volume levels for the 8 channel audio are unbalanced. Voices seem to be soft... to correct this one must tweak the control panel for their system or simply place the audio to the optional original broadcast mono. I have settled for the mono as this is still a phenomenal audio presentation.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B002EE996Q LITE-ON 4x Blu-ray Disc SATA Internal Optical Drive iHOS104]]<br />Read my review for this drive too, I address a lot of misconceptions about it.ial Features - Preview Trailers, Reflections On Spock  Disc Four - Balance Of Terror*, Shore Leave, The Galileo Seven, The Squire Of Gothos  Special Features - Preview Trailers, Life Beyound Trek: William Shatner  Disc Five - Arena, Tomorrow Is Yesterday, Court Martial, The Return Of The Archons  Special Features - Preview Trailers, To Boldly Go... Season One, The Birth Of A Timeless Legacy  Disc Six - Space Seed*, A Taste Of Armageddon, This Side Of Paradise, The Devil In The Dark  Special Features - Preview Trailers, Interactive Enterprise Inspection, Sci-Fi Visionaries  Disc Seven - Errand Of Mercy*, The Alternative Factor, The City On The Edge Of Forever, Operation: Annihilate!  Special Features - Preview Trailers, Billy Blackburn's Treasure Chest: Rare Home Movies And Special Memories, Kiss `n' Tell: Romance In The 23rd Century    Various episodes marked with an * have \\"Starfleet Access\\" a picture in picture behind the scenes commentary on the episode. The episodes and the special features are listed on the inside of the box cover (might be a little hard to read for some).    The original pilot with two versions are on the third season blu-ray release.    The ONLY downfall is the audio, I am no expert but it seems that the studio cut some serious corners in this aspect. The volume levels for the 8 channel audio are unbalanced. Voices seem to be soft... to correct this one must tweak the control panel for their system or simply place the audio to the optional original broadcast mono. I have settled for the mono as this is still a phenomenal audio presentation.     [[ASIN:B002EE996Q LITE-ON 4x Blu-ray Disc SATA Internal Optical Drive iHOS104]]  Read my review for this drive too, I address a lot of misconceptions about it.
B002S0OBN2|4.0|Overall the music for the show is rather good.  However instead of continuing the story of the Phantom, perhaps they could have just written a new original show.  Passion seemed to rule the three main characters in the original.  IN this new one passion is still there, however, the love for a child becomes the focal point.  So why not just write a new show to display this instead?    What also bothers me is that in the first show, Chrisitne was not so much in love with the Phantom, but with the Love she held for her father.  The Phantom was then the replacement for her father's love.  Yet now we are told they had an actual romance that resulted in a child?    And can somebody tell me, why would you choose to be  romantically involved with a person who had killed two people, threatened another and kidnapped you, over a drunk with gambling debts?  Maybe I am missing that she really is doing everything for Raul, but if that is the case why not just make the child his?   If Lloyd Webber's intent was to redeem the Phantom in this show, he could have still done so if the child was not his.  The show could have basically stayed the same; Christine sings to pay off her hubby's debts, Meg goes crazy, and the Phantom dies trying to protect her child.  It would be more plausible.  But plausible is not passionate.    Yet, when you listen to the whole show and put out from your mind the first show, and just see this show as its own, without the baggage from the previous show, it does work.  So, again I ask, why not just write a new original story?  My guess would be because it already has a built in phan-base, and built in marketing buzz that would be lacking in an orignal show.  I admire him for taking risks with shows like Beautiful Game, Aspects, Whistle Down the Wind, and Woman in White.  Maybe he just wanted to create another show that might last more than 2 years on Broadway.  The story may be weak, but the music will at least live on.
B00275EGWY|2.0|I have been working in Iraq for 2 years directly with the soldiers. This movie played several times at the theater here on base. When I asked the soldiers what they thought about the movie the general concensus was \\"Typical Hollywood Cowboy stuff nowhere near reality\\"
B002VPE1AW|2.0|Hello there , i went to see this movie in 3'D the effects were greate but the movie i dint like it to much.I will tell u my resons, im a hudge fan of fantasy movies but the movies with allot of futuristic technologi I dont like them to much. the battle was like borring, it was like star wars and I hate star wars. the movie was slow, and parts verry borring. The only thing I like the most of the movie is the forest in night time.avatar fans dont get angry with me,  if u like the movie i respect that im just saying what i think. I went to see alice in wonderland in 3'd the efects wernt like the avatar 3'd effects of curse but the drama of alice in wonderland, action,actors.color,director,fantasy,imagination,epic battle WITH THE DRAGON WHERE BETTER THAN AVATAR. INCLUDING aLICE WASNT FUTURISTIC AND THATS WHY I LOVE THAT MOVIE JUST LIKE THE CHRONICLES OF NARNIA, ITS AWSOME IM THE NUMBER 1 FAN OF NARNIA AND ALICE!! SORRY AVATAR I DONT LIKE U.
B00004TJKI|1.0|The USA DVD has been panned and scanned to approximately 1.33:1 from what IMDb says is an original aspect ratio of 1.85:1.  Although the German PAL version claims to have the correct aspect ratio, customers on German Amazon have complained that it has been chopped to 1.33:1 there, too, despite what is stated on the packaging and on the Amazon Web site.  The only version which seems to be close to authentic is the British PAL version at 1.78:1, available through Amazon.co.uk.
B002B4OVWG|4.0|my almost 2 month old loves this paci.  my only complaint is that it is sewn together so how does one efficiently clean either the monkey or paci??
B000002U82|5.0|What I thought of it when it first came out... there was a lot of good progressive rock that year (but nothing like the watershed year of 1969)... so it wasn't singular on the progressive front- David Bowie, The Allman Brother's Band, and Frank Zappa were writing strong material that year... I remember the album being slick and well-produced (and the product a lot of work, I later read) and the guest vocalists/instrumentalists were all subliminal... it's popularity does baffle me, for, as progressive pop, I'd think it would wear thin after so many listens, and especially due to so many emulations in the years and decades since (accounting to one young reviewer saying it was cliche material - more accurately it has been rendered cliche); perhaps a recent experience sums it up- I was driving with my little kids in the back seat (about 15 years ago now) when \\"Us and Them\\" comes on; a few minutes into the song my young son jumps into the front seat. I asked him why he did that, and he told me he wanted to hear the song. I wondered what he was used to listening to that made this that appealing...
1400052173|5.0|This book has a lot going for it: interesting science, written so it is accessible to the lay reader; fascinating ethical and moral issues having to do with cell research and profits from that research, as well as the meaning of \\"informed consent\\"; and disturbing (and deeply moving) issues relating to class and race. It is no wonder that it has found so many readers. It is a very satisfying book all in all.
0440242401|4.0|Sophie Kinsella makes me laugh again.    This book sucked me in so that I had to read in just a few sittings.   I like the premise of her needing to remember her past.    This character is more mature than the character in the Shopaholic series.   There was some unpredictability as the story unravels which is pleasantly surprising.  I particulary enjoyed her relationship with her sister.
031606792X|1.0|I was going to leave a long, detailed review to explain why I hated this book so much but I just can't bring myself to think about it point-by-point anymore. I agree with most of the negative comments already written. Twilight and New Moon were entertaining however my enthusiasm for the series was petering out halfway through Eclipse and completely snuffed out by the time I got the honeymoon chapter in this book. I struggled to make it beyond Bella's boring, indulgent transformation into a vampire but I realized that to finish the book meant I would first have to surrender every thing I have come to love and expect from decent writing and melt my brain. Don't read this book. In fact run from the tables in the bookstore scattered with the books and Twilight paraphernalia because the hours needed to read through this sad piece of fiction could be better spent staring at a blank wall.
B002RSDW80|5.0|I went into this movie quite sceptical, but it a brilliant intertwining story of the 2 women. I watched Julia Child when I was younger and had no idea how facinating of a women she actully was.
0312330537|5.0|For more than 900 pages I was transported to a different world filled with compelling characters.  Two years later, this book's characters and its central message have stayed with me in a very immediate way.  To me, this is a sign of a really great book.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|I first received a defective copy as it would not play in my machine. Upon notification to Amazon, they immediately issued an order for a replacement copy and emailed me a UPS return label at no charge. They shipped the replacement FedEX and I had a functional set within 2 days of receipt of the first one. Great customer service and great response.
B0025KVLUG|3.0|It is a pretty well known fact that the Yellow Submarine album is the weakest of the 13 studio productions the band did in its short tenure.  Out of the six songs that were recorded by the Beatles, only four are original.  All You Need Is Love was originally released as a single and appeared on the Magical Mystery Tour album as the final song and Yellow Submarine originally appeared on Revolver.  Both of those songs are pretty good, even though most people have had their fair share of Yellow Submarine by now, and both of those albums are infinitely better than this release.    Of the four songs that are original, only one of them is worth the effort of listening to, Hey Bulldog.  It is a really good song that has a kickin' piano riff (one of the few Beatles songs that does) and shows the band having fun.  While not one of the best songs they recorded, it is very enjoyable.  I wish it appeared on The White Album or even Abbey Road just so I wouldn't have to mess with this album.    As for the other three songs, they range from mediocre to meandering to interesting.     All Together Now takes the mediocre award.  It is nothing but the words \\"all together now\\" being sung with increasing volume and speed, pretty much.  The further into the song, the more people join in.  The song is even less lyrically challenging than Hello Goodbye off of Magical Mystery Tour which is kind of an accomplishment in its own right.    It's All Too Much takes the meandering award.  It is the fourth longest Beatles song, only beaten by Hey Jude, I Want You (She's So Heavy), and Revolution 9.  Hey Jude was a jab at songs with fade outs, I Want You (She's So Heavy) was a jam session song with a pretty interesting ending, and Revolution 9 (while not a good Beatles song) was an interesting Musique concrte piece.  What does It's All Too Much do with its six minutes?  Not much.  It never goes anywhere and is highly repetitive, and not in a good way.  It's just kind of there.  Not worth the attention.    And Only A Northern Song takes the interesting award.  The story behind the song is intriguing as Harrison was getting ripped off by a music publisher, Northern Song, and decided to lambaste them.  But the song itself isn't all that great.  Recorded for Sgt. Pepper before being cut, it has a psychedelic vibe with the distorted trumpet, but it gets annoying after a bit.  It is a marked improvement over It's All Too Much and All Together Now however.    Now the second half of the album is made up of the incidental music that George Martin wrote and arranged for the movie Yellow Submarine.  And ironically, Martin's material is more interesting than the Beatles' work outside of Hey, Bulldog.  Had this just been released as an EP with the orchestral music, I have a feeling this album wouldn't be as lampooned and would have been a better release over all since the music Martin wrote is pretty good and keeps your interest.  March of the Meanies is a particularly good track.    For this remastered release, everything sounds amazing.  The separation of instruments is very good, you won't have a hard time distinguishing between what is playing.  The balance is also very good, every voice is clear sounding and the instrumentals ring.  Definitely doesn't sound like it was recorded in the 1960's.    Hey Bulldog and the seven wonderful tracks by George Martin are the saving graces of this album and it comes out as nothing more than average.  It is still a must have for any Beatles collector however.
B00006CXXU|5.0|My sister turned me on to this cd years ago, when it first came out. I didn't even know who Christinia was. She stole my heart. And till this day, I still pull this cd out and listen to it. What great talent, a treasure.
B002ZMZBD2|5.0|I'm always pleasantly surprised when a movie comes along and blows me away with its score, and two movies that I seen in theaters in 2009 hold that honor: Sherlock Holmes and Fantastic Mr. Fox.  Hans Zimmer's score to Sherlock Holmes is not only one of the best from 2009, but one of the best I've ever heard and listening to it again on CD just reinforces that.    Using instruments not commonly found in the traditional film score like the cimbalom (a hammered dulcimer) and the use of a \\"broken pub piano\\" with influences of world music, Zimmer gives the score a unique sound that is both refreshing and instantly recognizable.      The music has character, and that isn't something you can say about a lot of Hollywood film scores when it is saturated with clichd grandiose, \\"epic\\" music or the seemingly generic horror film score.  Sherlock's music takes you from the movie and into late-19th century London.  It captures the mood perfectly.  The heaviness of the crowded streets, the thrill of Holmes' adventure, and even into Holmes' mind of pure chaos.    The motif of the score is extremely simple and just captures the whole persona of Sherlock Holmes in all his zaniness perfectly, and all it is is just a little rise and fall action.  It is effective, and it will stick with you long after you've listened to the CD or watched the movie.  It's the genius of the score that this works.  The motif is simple, but the music is bombastic with incredible orchestral pulses.  It is a nice juxtaposition thrown in by Zimmer.    I'm glad that Zimmer didn't rest on his laurels and give us another Pirates of the Caribbean or Gladiator, but instead gave us quite possibly his best work to date.  It is just full of life and is very fun to listen to, and you just don't want it to stop.  For a man that has composed some pretty serious scores, this one just oozes playfulness and humor through out the entire thing much like the main theme from Pirates of the Caribbean.    The production of theCD is also stunning.  Everything sounds crisp and clear.  Every part is easily heard.  Every transition is seamless. Every pulse is felt.   The sound engineers really outdid themselves with this one.  It is a fantastic sounding recording and one fantastic sounding orchestra.    With a unique sound and interesting motif, Zimmer's score to Sherlock Holmes was not only one of the best written for 2009, but one of the best ever written.  Fans of Zimmer should no doubt pick up this beauty of a CD, and anyone that had their doubts of Zimmer, this CD will surely change your mind.
B002VPE1AW|4.0|I thought this was a great movie that stunningly beautiful. I was easily going to buy this on dvd because of that and the special features....Now Im not sure. Because at a press release, it was revealed the dvd or blue ray wont have special features, no trailers...nothing but a menu and the movie. According to the producers this is because the movie is so big there possibly couldnt be any room.    Ok that is the lamest excuse ever. Made a 2nd disc...hell a third disc. I want to see how this movie was made.    The only saving grace would be its in 3d. This movie made billions of dollars in the theaters thanks to 3d...no neither Blue Ray or dvd will have this. If the dvd had special features or 3d I would 100% buy it, but now I dont know.    So...I bought it. I dont know the special edition will be only for Blueray and if its also on dvd probably will cost a lot, so I figure Ill rent the other edition or something.    Hey, $16 still isnt bad for a movie of this caliber. So what if its missing the good stuff like behind the scenes, commentary, 3d, deleted scenes and the other fun stuff. But this movie should be enjoyed for what it is, a beautful piece of film. If it did come with everything what we would expect, it would have gotten a perfect score
B002UZCJ8Y|4.0|Daniel Day or Robert DeNiro never acted in movies like Bruce Willis. And as good as they are as actors, they can never play an every man as effectively as Bruce Willis. I bought \\"Surrogates\\" on dvd, watched it, and thought it was a pretty good movie. Bruce Willis is a gifted actor, who plays his roles very well. Willis is able to elevate drama, tension and action to its fullest on-screen.
B0015XHP4K|5.0|I've had this series since the days of VHS, upgrading as formats got better. So buying the blu ray was a no brainer for me. Having done so, I can say the picture quality is the best and I don't regret doing so. One extra I loved was watching a deleted scene from Part 1 where Rambo actually dies. I'm glad they left it out or I would have missed those wonderful sequels. I'm hopping this will have to be the last time I buy them until at some future date there will be an interactive halographic version comes in which you are in the movie(think Star Trek here).
B002W24E0G|5.0|If you are strictly a blues-lover, and want another blues record from him like the last four, you will be disappointed.  The two-star review is ridiculous.  Nick is really growing here, trying new stuff (for him), and it is fantastic.  The energy is overwhelming - he is teetering between The Sonics and Little Richard rave-ups with the added bonus of butt-kickin instrumental and vocal chops.  \\"Kill My Baby\\" is such a good single, I emailed Handsome Dick Manitoba from Sirius XM radio and told him about it.  Two things I never do I did here:  email deejays, and write online reviews.    I can't wait until Nick and his band show up in Chicago again...
0920236162|5.0|I am the Mom of two girls and one boy. My younger daughter like to dress up but never got into the stories. But they still bothered me growing up that we are told that life is perfect, your prince will always rescue you and you are the damsel in distress unable to fend for yourselves and that doesn't always happen. So I set out for a few different books.<br />Which included this title this along with Island of the Blue Dolphins & The Ordinary Princess.<br />I want stories that showed the female characters actually being strong and this fit perfectly.<br />This is a story about princess Elizabeth who sets out to rescue her prince Ronald. The dragon destroyed everything so all she could find was a paper bag to go on her journey. She is brave, determined and smart which helps her defeat the dragon. But Ronald sees her disheveled looks and isn't exactly grateful.<br />I read it to my 4 year old daughter tonight and she laughed at the end and said \\"good for her!\\" And I couldn't agree more.
B0035V35P8|2.0|I love Martial arts movies. I love over the top violence. A movie doesn't have to be realistic to be good. Especially a Ninja movie. I don't expect the plot to be deep either, I mean it is called \\"Ninja Assassin\\".  But it does need to be internally consistent and the action scenes can't all be done in CGI.   *****Spoiler Alert*****  1.Explain to me how ninja can obliterate swat team in one scene, and  then become cannon fodder for them in another.   2.The same ninja / cannon fodder decapitate and dismember swat team but the head-grand-master of the clan can do no more but inflict surface wounds on the main character. Really?!    If you are going to do CGI based movie, atleast give me the behind the scenes features showing the hard work of the special effect technicians and stunt men.   Crappy movie, with crappy fight scenes. 1 Star for cool Cover Art, 1 star because the movie has Ninjas in it.
0375842209|5.0|-The Book Thief_ is my new favorite book to recommend, the best book I've read since Patchett's _Run_.  I loved the two books-within-a-book, complete with illustrations. I also loved the way the narrator interrupts the narrative to comment and to foreshadow; thus we are prepared for many sad happenings and left with an overall positive view of the world, even in its most horrific times. Kindness conquers.    The choice of narrator is a brilliant surprise, which expands as the book goes along. This author seems to be known as a write of fiction for young adults, but this book should move him into mainstream literature.
B00278U1W0|2.0|Poor quality video and disappointing sound reproduction. This could have, and should have been a great disc. I wish I would've rented this before leaping into buying it based upon the premise of two musical greats.
0307266303|5.0|A very inspiring book with lots of terrific hints into running, and more importantly for me, life.  A great read for anyone, not just an athlete.  Full of interesting people, it paints a vidid picture of a very remote part of Mexico and the people who live there.  It also shares the world of Ultra Marathon runners...amazing!
B00328G4V6|4.0|For those accustomed to today's pristine, programmed perfection that passes for an artistic statement, this recording of formerly unreleased material will first sound unpolished, a little sloppy, and sonically inconsistent.  But among the cracks, any listener can hear the genius of raw creativity.  Hendrix didn't just play his guitar.  He pawed, bent, and rattled it, alternating funky rhythm with screaming lead and squawked wah-wah work.  He set a number of new directions for the guitar that grew into genres, from Prince's funk-rock to Van Halen's bluster to the heavy-metal subculture.  But also look beyond the guitar.  Behind Hendrix' six-string tricks, drummer Mitch Mitchell threw out more jazz than rock, not so much keeping the beat as dancing around it, skittering and syncopating cymbal washes and paradiddles over Noel Redding's elemental bass.  Such interplay was nearly always there.  Even the reprises of \\"Stone Free,\\" \\"Red House,\\" \\"Fire,\\" and the scorching cover of \\"Sunshine of Your Love\\" offer new views of the man who turned an upside-down Fender guitar into a multi-generational statement.  Valleys... may be overshadowed by such peaks as Are You Experienced? or Electric Ladyland, but it's still fertile ground for exploration.
B000002VSN|5.0|A great mix of gospel (incredibily inspiring) and heartful love songs. There are several \\"cuts\\" that I play over and over again. I am not necessarily a \\"fan\\" of gospel music...but they way she sung this entire CD was unbelievably inspirational. You Can Feel the spirit!! My favorite tune is \\"I go to the rock\\"...it get's me going EVERY TIME.I listen to it often, over and over again. One of the best CD's I have!!!!
B0000CABBW|5.0|I've heard good things about 2002's &#34;Whale Rider&#34; for years and put off seeing it, likely because it appeared to be some type of trite Disney flick with a kid (or kids) winning at a competition against all odds, etc. (not that there's anything wrong with that), but that's not what this film's about at all. &#34;Whale Rider&#34; is a serious drama with a very spiritual & moving air and realistic tone.<br /><br />THE PLOT: A small tribe of Maori in modern-day New Zealand believe their presence there dates back a thousand years or more to a single ancestor, Paikea, who escaped death when his canoe capsized by riding to shore on the back of a whale. From then on chiefs of the Whangara tribe have been Paikea's direct descendants, always the first-born and always male. There is reoccurring evidence that Pai, an 11-year-old girl in a patriarchal culture, is destined to be the new chief. But her grandfather Koro is bound by tradition and stubbornness and insists on choosing a male leader. Pai loves Koro more than anyone in the world, but she must convince him and fight a thousand years of tradition for her calling to come to pass.<br /><br />&#34;Whale Rider&#34; is an independent film with none of the trappings of modern blockbusters; the story is dialogue-driven, slow and not all that eventful, which can of course throw off those used to a steady diet of the latter. Take note before watching.<br /><br />I'll be perfectly honest with you, &#34;Whale Rider&#34; was a veritable religious experience for me. I had the DVD lying around for a few weeks and then one day I just knew the time was right: I put it in, not really intending to watch the entire film, and I was captivated from beginning to end (just over an hour and a half without credits). I was in a very spiritually-sensitive mode and literally cried through about 70% of it. The movie actually spoke to me in a sense, if you know what I mean, and I received clear direction in one area of searching/need. Don't dismiss this on the grounds that I'm some sentimental whack job; I'm just a regular dude.<br /><br />The thematic clash of the film is not granddaughter against grandfather but rather truth v.s. traditionalism, spirit of the law v.s. letter of the law, and true calling v.s. stubborn opposition.<br /><br />There's also an interesting sub-theme about a culture losing its identity and languishing in drugs/alcohol, crime and meaningless despondency. How can they, as individuals and as a people, escape this? They must know their identity -- who they ARE.<br /><br />Some have criticized the film as too predictable, but I'd rather watch &#34;Whale Rider&#34; and it's predictable play-it-straight plot than moronic 'twist' films like &#34;A Perfect Getaway&#34; (2009) where the story is essentially a lie, leaving the viewer feeling hoodwinked and ripped-off. &#34;Whale Rider&#34; is refreshingly honest by comparison. Besides, 'twist' plots have become so common that playing it straight is now 'cutting edge.'<br /><br />Keisha Castle-Hughes, who plays Pai, is precious.<br /><br />The film was shot on the North Island of New Zealand (Whangara, Gisborne & Taupo, Waikato). It was directed/written by Niki Caro from Witi Ihimaera's book.<br /><br />FINAL WORD: If what I've said piques your interest don't miss out on &#34;Whale Rider.&#34; But wait for the right moment when you know you'll be receptive to such a reverent piece. It will move you and maybe even speak to you.<br /><br />GRADE: A-I'm some sentimental whack job; I'm just a regular dude.  The thematic clash of the film is not granddaughter against grandfather but rather truth v.s. traditionalism, spirit of the law v.s. letter of the law, and true calling v.s. stubborn opposition.  There's also an interesting sub-theme about a culture losing its identity and languishing in drugs/alcohol, crime and meaningless despondency. How can they, as individuals and as a people, escape this? They must know their identity -- who they ARE.  Some have criticized the film as too predictable, but I'd rather watch &#34;Whale Rider&#34; and it's predictable play-it-straight plot than moronic 'twist' films like &#34;A Perfect Getaway&#34; (2009) where the story is essentially a lie, leaving the viewer feeling hoodwinked and ripped-off. &#34;Whale Rider&#34; is refreshingly honest by comparison. Besides, 'twist' plots have become so common that playing it straight is now 'cutting edge.'   Keisha Castle-Hughes, who plays Pai, is precious.  The film was shot on the North Island of New Zealand (Whangara, Gisborne & Taupo, Waikato). It was directed/written by Niki Caro from Witi Ihimaera's book.  FINAL WORD: If what I've said piques your interest don't miss out on &#34;Whale Rider.&#34; But wait for the right moment when you know you'll be receptive to such a reverent piece. It will move you and maybe even speak to you.  GRADE: A-
B002QH2NUA|5.0|I've seen Paul in person four times and I have all his concert videos, so I was a bit reluctant to get this one.After all, the setlist varies very little on his shows, so why bother? But, the great price tipped the scales for me, so I said,,\\"Why Not?\\"   Am I ever glad I did!!! At last, we have a full-length Macca concert on DVD! I was beginning to think it would never happen. Both the video and audio are excellent and the video shot by the audience members really adds to the show. The amateur video is easily distinguishable from the pro footage due to the lower resolution.  The highlights for me are \\"Mrs. Vanderbilt,\\" \\"Day Tripper,\\" and \\"Paperback Writer.\\" On the latter, Paul foregoes the Hofner for lead guitar and the jam is great. The jam on \\"I've Got A Feeling'' is nice, too.   I spotted Barbara Walters in the audience during \\"Calico Skies.\\" It looks like Mayor Bloomberg is with her.   Rusty's guitar seems to go out during \\"Back In The USSR,'' probably amixing problem.   The psychedelic Les Paul is cool.   Most fans seem to dislike the prevalence of audience shots during most of Paul's concert videos. I like them, myself. This DVD has them, but not nearly as many as usual. They just seem to add to the excitement of a concert.   I'll probably never play the CDs from this set. I don't care much for most live CDs, but at this low price, who cares. I just look at them as a bonus. The DVD is what it's all about.   Why did Paul stop combing his hair??? It seems he quit about five years ago. What's the deal, Macca? Combs aren't that expensive. I know that YOU can afford one. One more thing, Paul. Narration by Alec Baldwin? I was under the impression he left the country after President Bush's re-election.  Now, If Paul would only release my favorite concert on DVD. I'm talking about the June, '93 Fox show. Unless I'm mistaken, it was Linda's last U.S. appearance. I videotaped it off TV, but Fox didn't carry the entire show as the band was live and they kept playing during the commercial breaks. Fox also cut the show short at the end. They began rolling the credits in the middle of \\"Hey Jude.\\" P.S.   Why all the complaints from the customer reviewers about Paul's voice? It sounds strong and natural to me, though not quite up to par on \\"Let It Be.\\"
B001EOOQEC|5.0|A top 10 heavy metal album from the 90s. Heavy, technical, modern. Dio and Iommi at their best. Reminds me the atmosphere of Mob Rules and Masters of Reality. Great album.
B000BB1MI2|3.0|Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (Widescreen Edition) being an updated version of the 1971 movie with Gene Wilder and stars Johnny Depp in the role as Willy Wonka. The special effects are ofcourse better and the sound is also better. However, the story line differs from the book in many ways as the 1971 version with Wilder does not. The musical numbers of the ompa lompas are also better in the 1971 movie. I love watching the Gene Wilder movie and watch it any time it shows on television. This movie I am not so sure if I have same affection towards. I wish I could give it 2.5/5 but since I can not then I give it a weak 3. 3/5.
B003BZXHX8|5.0|I was inside the Vanguard that night and am so excited to have this DVD!
032147404X|5.0|I find this approach to the many things covered to be just what I need.  As an accomplished photographer there are many times I need to double check or have a quick review.  And this book does it.  I have given it as a gift to people just starting out and they enjoy using it too.  I have six photos in the Smitsonian and really appreciate this book!
0545157617|5.0|I'm Stick Man, I'm Stick Man, I'm STICK MAN, that's me!  Weird and thrilling.  Stick man almost dies on a pyre, for one thing.  My kid loves it.
B000Z27HLS|5.0|I loved this film! Originally, Northanger Abbey wasn't my favorite Jane Austen novel. But after viewing the film, I fell in love with it in whole new way. JJ Field is dreamy as Mr. Tilney and Catherine is played very well. A must see for any Jane Austen lover!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I, too, am angry that once again the desire for profits leaves the consumer uninformed,ignored and basically cheated!<br /><br />My AVATAR journey:  first saw it in IMAX 3D at Universal City Walk in So. Cal.  Yes, it was overwhelming, brilliantly composed, basic characters and script far overshadowed by the brilliance of the technical genius.  A bit overpowering, however, in IMAX and not as comfortable as I had hoped.<br /><br />Second time was a screening at Fox Studios in West L.A.  Actually the presentation was much better in the normal wide screen 3D.  And seeing it at its home studio didn't hurt at all.<br /><br />Third through now......a screener sent to the AMPAS voters, watched at a friend's on a 50\\" screen, surround sound fully enhanced....for some reason it WAS almost in 3D, no glasses needed.  For me, I have found that there are certain glasses that have been used for some music videos and travelogues which dim the input to the right eye and when the camera pans or moves, the sense of depth and 3D of the characters is created.  I have a pair that were given away years ago when the Rose Parade was presented in this kind of 3D, not the colorized double image that cuts out real color and is very blurry and ghosty (JOURNEY TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH with Brendon Frasier, for example).  I have watched many BIG films wearing these glasses and the 3D is more \\"depth\\" than \\"in your face\\" but certainly a big change.<br /><br />I may not have the money to buy a 3D wide screen in the near future, but I am DEFINITELY waiting for the later release of the film, with the expected additions and discussions and making of docs, etc.<br /><br />If you want the film that much, see the re-release.....and wait for the end of the year.
B000WE660M|3.0|A KID'S REVIEW:    I've been a huge Britney Spears fan for a long time. It's just something about her that makes me love her and her songs. Up to this point I've had every Britney CD that was out. So when I heard Blackout was coming I just had to get it. Big mistake. Her voice is just too digitalized on the album. You never actually get to hear her real voice. She sounds more like a robot than a human, and it just really gives me a headache. And it really looks like she hardly had any input in this album at all, not only singing wise, but writing wise too. She co-wrote two of the 15 songs on this album. But the good thing is those are two of the best songs on this track.    Gimme More (4/5) - First single off the album. Like I said before, too much autotone, not enough Britney. The first time you hear it it's really good, then it gets repetitive (and annoying) after a while.    Piece Of Me (4/5) - Another song this is really good. Again, too much autotone, but the catchy lyrics make up for it.    Radar (5/5) - One of the best songs off the album. It's really techno pop sound(ish) and it's a really good song. I have the chorus stuck in my head constantly.    Break The Ice (3/5) - It's good the first few times you hear it, but then it starts to get boring. It's an o.k. song though.    Heaven On Earth (3/5) - Just like Break The Ice, it's good the first few times you listen to it, but then is starts to get boring. The beginning is really stupid too.    Get Naked (I Got A Plan) (1/5) - Worst song off the album. Her voice is so annoying on it, and so is Danja's. Britney tries to be sexy here, but it just doesn't work.     Freakshow (5/5) - Another one of my favorites. It really makes you wanna get up and dance. It's really techno pop(ish) again, but it's a really good track. The best part is Britney co-wrote this song.    Toy Soldiers (1/5) - Another horrible track. She sounds like a little kid singing this song and it's so annoying. And the people talking during the bridge are stupid too.    Hot As Ice (3/5) - Just a simple pop song. It's not good, but it's not bad either. If this would be a single, she'd be really hot in that video.    Ooh Ooh Baby (5/5) - Again, another one of my favorites. It has some pretty cool guitars, and an amazing chorus. I can't stop listening to it. Britney also co-wrote this song.    Perfect Lover (2/5) - This song is weird, and it scares me. I think it's about having butt sex or something (Pull up to my bumper/need a jump/not a chump, fill me up I'm runnin' low!) That's the bridge. Over To You Now was a good song, but this is just weird.    Why Should I Be Sad (3/5) - This is the closest song to a pop ballad on here. It's about her and Kevin's (douche) break up. It's o.k., but it took me a while to like it. Unfortunealy she didn't write this song.    Outta This World (6/5) - My favorite track off of the album. It's so relaxing, if you've had a bad day, listen to this song and you will feel better. The lyrics are well written also.    Everybody (4/5) - I like this song. It should have been on the album, but I don't know why it's not.     Get Back (4/5) - Another good song. Nothing special, just a fun song to dance to.    Remix (5/5) - Great remix. The other ones are good too.    So as you can see, I think this is her worst album. I bought this because a.) I love her, and b.) she deserves my money, but if you wanna here Britney's true, strong voice go buy Oops!... I did It Again or ...Baby One More Time. This CD also comes with: A lyrics booklet, some weird album cover thingy, and some sticker or something that says \\"Britney\\" (I'm still trying to figure out what it is). I also recommend going onto Youtube, and looking up the songs that didn't make it onto Blackout, like: State of Grace, Let Go, Pull Out (yeah...), etc. Those are really good too.
0887307280|5.0|If you read 1 business book and one business book only, This is the one!  It completely changed the way I look at building a business. It is incredible from start to finish.  Very clear, methodical and exhilarating. I am recommending it to all my friends.
B00001X590|4.0|Joe Cocker and a stellar case of rock's Who's Who from the late `60s overcame a bit of turbulence in the studio to create one of the defining works of that time, a great introduction to Mr. Cocker, and a great reminder of just how much talent and musicianship existed then.<br /><br />Listening to these songs now, it's interesting to hear Jimmy Page underplaying his parts and to hear how Albert Lee was already the consummate guitar session man. Of course, this album is all about vocals, and Mr. Cocker let the world know he was ready to be reckoned with on this debut. The fine backup singers really help frame his sometimes out-of-bounds singing, but this set still swings and sound remarkably fresh considering it is 40-plus years old now.<br /><br />The sound is a bit cleaner on this remaster, and the bonus tracks, while worth a listen, neither add to or detract from the recording's status.
1439170045|4.0|This book kept me up late into the night, reading until I finished it. It was over almost too fast. While I was drawn in, I still feel like there was something missing on some level...but I can't quite figure out what. Overall, though, it was a great read and one I'd recommend to everyone.
B0032KNA4I|5.0|OK, let's not pick this apart.  So the story was a little corny and acting skills were not really challenged, but the movie experience was terrific!  It was fun, it was exciting, it was intense, and it was extremely entertaining.  So just sit back, turn up the volume, don't answer the phone, and have a ball!  Now that I have seen it on BluRay, I regret not seeing it in the theater!  What a ride!!
B00142X56Y|4.0|This is one of the best Magic Flute performances out there.  However, I feel like it could have been even better.  So I'm giving it four stars.    First, the singers.  Damrau is a top notch Queen of the Night.  She gives us a dramatic and overbearing Queen of the Night here, someone who can be manacing even when she is on your side.  I am not completely happy with this interpretation.  In my opinion, in the first aria (Zotto), the Queen of the Night should be tender and vulnerable like a typical fairy queen in distress.  By adding a lot of manace to her here, in my opion, Damrau undermines the dramatic surprise later when the Queen turns nasty in her second aria.  I still think she is the best Queen alive, but I wish she didn't take it quite over the top.    I'll have to disagree with DeGeorge's quite excellent review here, I felt that Roschmann's Pamina was really weak.  Her voice sounded thin to me and overall she seemed to be struggling to add her emotion to the pieces.  Her lament aria and suicide aria did nothing for me in this rendition, and they are some of my favorites!      Selig's Sarasato was good.  The problem I have is that I find Sarasato just a boring character.  He's a bundle of abstract virtues and have very little human characteristic to related to.  Mozart tried but couldn't quite get him to be a human.  I personally haven't seen an exciting Sarasato and for this reason I don't think there can be an exciting Sarasato.      Keenlyside's Papageno was delightful and very convincing.  He appears to have injured his left hand in the middle of performance (cramp?  Not sure) but soldiers through until the end.  It could be distracting if you notice it, but that has nothing to do with his top notch singing.  Kudos to his professionalism.  I found the costume to be a bit silly, personally, but it's not a big deal either way.    Hartmann was very good as Tamino.  He seemed a bit tight and nervous in the beginning but loosens up later.  I can't find any fault in his performance.    They chose to present Monostatos as a cartoony villan with excessive makeup.  I prefer productions that give more sympathetic version of him.  His aria was good but I wonder if the need to present him negatively affected the performance negatively; I've heard his aria rendered more beautifully.    As for the overall production, it followed the traditional reading of putting Sarasato in a entirely positive light while putting the Queen in the entirely negative one.  I personally prefer productions that are more sympathetic to the Queen.  I am not quite sure what they were trying to do with modern clothing/classical customes in this show.  Certain characters are dressed in 1950's contemprary clothing, while main characters are dressed classically.  They push this hard with Papagena in particular.  It is not too distracting but I did not feel it added much either.    Overall, the production is well thought-out with little overt flaws.  Singers are all good, with Damrau being excellent and Pamina being a bit weak.  A great, but not perfect, production.
B002XZ62HK|5.0|Fantastic mixture of Irish music, pop music and classical music and perfectly to relax. Wonderful!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I simply do not understand the rants about waiting for 3-d release. Its not like its going to be like in the cinemas. Especially if your set is 10X smaller and will be 10X less enjoyable at home IMO. Anyhow I enjoyed this movie 5 times and 3 of them were in 3-D. I cannot wait for this to hit. This is the movie to show off HDTVs to friends and family. It will be the barebones so it means 50gb of the disc will be for pure quality of video and audio. If your not going to pick this up which you must, dont review and move on. My copy is pre-ordered! wooo
0891419063|5.0|This is an incredible CHRONOLOGICAL account of the Pacific War,A CLASSIC, and Eugene is an INTELLECTUAL man of Great Modesty ...This Book is the \\"REAL DEAL \\" Sledge pulls no punches ...it's Brutal ...it's honest ...it's War like you've never read before ....MANS TOTAL ANIMALISTIC FEROCITY .....Only the AMERICAN MARINES could have fought and WON this War ...no other Country had the Primal Urge for Victory like the U.S.A....True the Eastern front was Savage ...but a Conventional Land Battle is no comparision to Seaborne Warriors Landing on Secured Beachheads and fighting for every grain of Sand inch by inch against an Enemy who had NEVER tasted Defeat in the whole History of there Country ......for the EMPEROR there GOD ....BUSHIDO....KAMIKAZE....BANZAI CHARGES ...it's all in this MASTERPIECE .
B0026P3G12|3.0|The CD was a little disappointing in that the song selections did not have much depth (Ex: How Great Thou Art is just the chorus over and over).  She has a lovely voice that could have been much better showcased.  Maybe the next one will be better.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Love this video!  It's hard..but it's very \\"doable\\".  Don't give up...I tell myself every day..\\"It's 20 minutes...I can do 20 minutes\\"!!!
B00006F83Y|4.0|There are a mess of reviews on here from people that hate the album because it all doesnt sound like no one knows. Well, i hate to break it to everyone, but for the most part, qotsa doesnt really sound like that, its stoner rock, not pop rock. This album is good, not their best(you want their best check out lullabies to paralyze). well worth checking out, kick ass guitar and drums. qotsa is easily one of the best stoner rock groups out there.
B001KQ031Y|5.0|This movie is funny, downey does an amazing portrayal of an autralian actor with 5 oscars acting as a black sergeant during Nam in the movie thats being made in tropic thunder. Jack Black is hilarious, in ways probably not seen before. And there are funny characters along with these two lead funnymen in the movie.     An absolutely must watch, if you can look at the lighter side of things in life when there is no need to get worked up (i.e. downey donning a black man's character).
B0034JKZ3G|5.0|We've had our big screen TV and Blu-Ray going on four months now. We've purchased a handful of discs to play in the player. And I can honestly say, out of all of the Blu-Ray movies that we've purchased, \\"The Princess and the Frog\\" is the best of the bunch.<br /><br />It marks Disney's exciting \\"return\\" to hand drawn animation, which has been sorely missed by this reviewer. Since the glory days of Aladdin, Lion King, Little Mermaid, and my personal favorite, Beauty and the Beast, the momentum of hand drawn movies slowed to a virtual standstill. But as shown in the Princess and the Frog, there is a place, if only for the beauty of the art, and the stunning quality that it brings. Welcome back!<br /><br />The story, set in 1920's New Orleans, spells Tiana's desire to open her own restaurant, is a charming riff on the whole kissing a frog who changes into a prince story. Tiana is strong, independent, and forward thinking, and delightfully afraid of frogs. Initially tricked into kissing the frog, she pays her price by becoming one herself. The music is a rollicking embodiment of New Orleans style jazz.<br /><br />Even better, Tiana is African-American. Why is that better? Because it's about time that movies, especially ones with the Disney prestige, show all types of Americans in their movies. Tiana serves as a positive role model for some of our youngest citizens of color, and can also serve as a role model for any child of any color.<br /><br />That all being said, watching this movie on our home movie screen, I was stunned by the color, animation, and visual complexity of this film. It's stunningly beautiful. Perhaps the only movie that comes close to this quality is the recently release, Up.<br /><br />This is a great movie, with great music, and a look that is all it's own. Highly recommended!
B0006OBPTA|4.0|Our family is into Tae-Kwon-Do and we thought our daughter might want to see these movies.  After we rented the first one, we had trouble finding the others.  We bought the set and have enjoyed all of the movies.
B00328G4V6|5.0|This record rocks!!  Well recorded.  Never heard Hendrix recordings that we're this crystal clear.  \\"Stone Free\\" and \\"Valleys Of Neptune\\" are as good or better than anything anybody has put out since.  Don't play in rush hour traffic though, as it causes me at least to be super aggressive driving.  You'll make good time though.  Might have to buy the other remastered ones too if they sound this much better.  The 45 of \\"Valleys Of Neptune\\" has a non-lp/cd song on the flip side sung by Noel Redding I think.  Costs about $7 though but limited edition.
0061537934|2.0|At first I didn't think this book was so bad.  Sure, the family is incredibly boring.  There's nothing wrong with leading a dull life mostly devoid of meaning; I just don't want to read a book about such people.  Yes, the book turns into a Lifetime Original Movie (TM) at about the halfway point, and telling the book from the point of view of a dog is a stupid conceit that the writer doesn't have the skills to employ effectively.  Still, once I finished the book, I thought, eh.    After I mulled it over for a while, though, I started to get kind of angry.  There's the attempted emotional manipulation of the reader.  There's the terrible pacing and character and plot development.  How does such a mediocre writer get such a sweet book deal?  Danielle Steele writes better books than this without the literary conceit or pretense of originality.    What I really can't forgive is the treatment of the teenage girl.  It's obvious that Stein has little or no experience with teenage girls, at least as an adult, or he wouldn't expect readers to accept a 15-year-old girl as the attempted date rapist of an adult man.  What Stein does or does not know about teen girls turns out to be irrelevant, as it becomes obvious that the entire Annika plot line is a feeble writer's attempt to insert conflict into an otherwise pointless story.  He also makes this girl out to be worse than she needs to be by having her continue her false rape allegations even after the accused confronts her and appeals to her better nature.  A confident writer would have left the confrontation out altogether and left her to recant for her own reasons.    Even if this is just a matter of personal taste and agreeing to disagree, I really can't understand how anyone can accept the ending.  It's quite possibly the most absurd deus ex machina I've seen in any medium, and that includes the raining frogs at the end of \\"Magnolia\\".
B002VRZEYM|5.0|I have totally changed how I see the world of agriculture.  I will not look at food the same way.  I have already stopped buying certain things.  If I am going to eat an animal it must have had a good life first.  If it will sacrifice for me then I should sacrifice a little more money so they can live better.  I won't eat a chicken that has not see the light of day!
1416562605|4.0|This is a clever story about modern India by a debut author with a rich background. It has been a best seller and the beneficiary of cascades of praise from reviewers. \\"White Tiger\\" is the name bestowed upon the protagonist, and narrative voice in letters to the Chinese Premier who will be visiting Bangalore, in school. The young man's actual name is Baltran.<br /><br />The White Tiger explains in a series of letters to the Premier the evolution of Baltran from rickshaw driver to prominent entrepreneur, including a thoughtful exposition of the life of a low caste servant in modern India. From that vantage, India is presented as a culture in which business success is a function of bribery and collusion. The upper castes are presented as feckless rich people. Reviewers were delighted with the story because it did not present Indian culture with the Ballywood flourishes of saffron and colorful saris.<br /><br />In these respects, the story is rather the reverse journey told in the redoubtable Siddahartha by Herman Hess, in which a rich boy goes out into the world to experience a rather amazing range of financial and love experiences, settling ultimately to be a barge operator on a river ferrying people from here to there. Siddahartha also evoked emotional feeling of the emptiness of a life of privilege.<br /><br />In The White Tiger, Baltran is presented as an honest, hard working laborer who defies the wishes of his grandmother to be married off in usual fashion. In due course, Baltran stops sending money home to support his family. He then proceeds to murder his employer and steal a red bag full of money intended to be bribes. He then surfaces in Bangalore to become an entrepreneur practicing what he overheard of the ways and means of Indian business learned from the employer whose skull he collapsed with a broken bottle of Johnnie Walker Black. The story does not evoke the emotional self-examination of a Siddahartha.<br /><br />I enjoyed reading this story. As usual, I read it before reading any reviews or other commentary. I find the largely fawning reviews to provide an interesting commentary on the literary joy to be derived from the evolution of an appealing young man into murderer into successful operator in a corrupt system. In this sense, the book has the same type of feeling as the Afghan story of The Kite Runner, involving the path of a cowardly rich boy to go back to his roots to overcome the consequences of his cowardice.<br /><br />As a subject for a literature class, it would be illucidating to read The White Tiger and Siddahartha.eviews or other commentary. I find the largely fawning reviews to provide an interesting commentary on the literary joy to be derived from the evolution of an appealing young man into murderer into successful operator in a corrupt system. In this sense, the book has the same type of feeling as the Afghan story of The Kite Runner, involving the path of a cowardly rich boy to go back to his roots to overcome the consequences of his cowardice.    As a subject for a literature class, it would be illucidating to read The White Tiger and Siddahartha.
0545123267|5.0|I loved this book i couldnt put it down im made me cry it was wonderful and never dragged i cant wait for the next one to find out what happens to sam and grace and oliva, it is a great read heartwarming and had its sad moments i keep telling everyone i know to read it. I think this book almost everyone can relate to it in some sort of way.If you liked Twilight youll love this book
0385532458|3.0|Some stories are good. Some have an amazing end. Some are boring. So if you pick this one don't expect much or I rather say if you don't have anything else to read choose this one.
1594481938|5.0|A Long Way Down by Nick Hornby is a path-to-redemption story told in unique and authentic voices by two men and two women who meet by chance on the top of a building.  Their reason for being up there is to jump off and kill themselves.  (They don't, of course, or there wouldn't be a story!) This is a book about suicide, but Hornby manages to make it witty and even laugh-out-loud hilarious at times, without ever being irreverent.    Although three of the characters are contemptible and the fourth is pitiful, I developed great empathy for JJ, Maureen, Martin and especially Jess as I read this novel.  Not many authors can make me care so much about their characters, and frankly, I didn't expect it of Hornby.  I hated when the story ended.  If Nick ever decides to write a sequel, I hope he writes a novel about Jess.      A Long Way Down is a work of genius, the second best novel of the dozen I've read this year and one I highly recommend.
B002NWRMVS|3.0|Norah has such a charming voice.  Chasing Pirates is a sure hit all time. It resonates with a strong  statement.
0545123267|4.0|Shiver: I gave this book to my 14yr old granddaughter to read as she is an avid reader and she enjoyed it very much. While this review may not be very specific as too story line and plot, the fact that a 14yr old finished it and said she liked it; speaks volumes, and is a very high recommendation.
0142001104|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo1SSKNNO06A1L5]]Jurgen Wolff, author of \\"Creativity Now!\\" reviews \\"The Art of Possibility\\" and reveals why it's his number one favorite book on creativity.[[ASIN:0273724673 Creativity Now: Get inspired, create ideas and make them happen now!]]
0671646788|4.0|I bought this used on Amazon from Goodwill for a few dollars (used books here are a great value)! Very pleased with the book. Not one of my all time favorites but I got alot out of it and it will be staying on my bookshelf. Recommended.
B002HREKCI|5.0|I subscribe to Audible, and I had two credits to use.  \\"Thirteen Reasons Why\\" was one of the books that I chose.  I've had it in my queue for awhile, but I knew it was time to listen/read it after reading the book description from Amazon.<br /><br />It made me think that when someone dies tragically (even if it isn't suicide) or is severely depressed, and it isn't due to a nature or murder, there are things that lead up to it getting worse and worse.  People's actions (or inaction) causes that person to fall into a hole so deep that any attempt to try to dig themselves out is of no avail.  Even when they feel they have made even the tiniest success in getting better, someone or something comes to push them right back down.  They can't even face themselves in the mirror because all they see looking back at them is a broken reflection staring right back at them.<br /><br />This is a book that should be read in middle schools and high schools around the world. There are so  many times that people see someone who is suffering, and don't do anything about it.  Be it cause they are afraid about what others will think, or because of their own selfishness, they allow that person to slip away.  Maybe if people learn early enough, people can be saved from themselves.<br /><br />It's exactly what happened to my sister.  She didn't commit suicide like Hannah, but every day, someone was there to make her world crumble even more around her.  After coming back from war, where she saw things that no human should ever have to see, and she was denied the right to be with her family, she had to go back to a place where all she found was people who were trying to sabotage her out of jealousy, guys trying to constantly take advantage of her, and so-called friends who abandoned her at the first sight of trouble. I hope that those people wake up every day, and feel the guilt and pain that they caused my sister. I really do.<br /><br />She didn't have her family with her to help and protect her.  Yes, we tried. Talking to her every day via chat, webcam, phone, but it wasn't the same as us being there to fend off these vicious people who hide behind their masks. Yes, masks! All she wanted was for someone to help her, and all they did was attack. It seems like things in the book just don't happen in school.  People continue this behavior even years later.  In the military, it seems to run rampant.<br /><br />After reading this book, and constantly feeling like my heart was going to rip at any moment, I realize that I have to do what I plan.  I do not want someone else suffering the way Hannah, my sister, and so many others have.<br /><br />It's definitely a book that everyone should read, even if only once.to her every day via chat, webcam, phone, but it wasn't the same as us being there to fend off these vicious people who hide behind their masks. Yes, masks! All she wanted was for someone to help her, and all they did was attack. It seems like things in the book just don't happen in school.  People continue this behavior even years later.  In the military, it seems to run rampant.     After reading this book, and constantly feeling like my heart was going to rip at any moment, I realize that I have to do what I plan.  I do not want someone else suffering the way Hannah, my sister, and so many others have.    It's definitely a book that everyone should read, even if only once.
B002GY9F9K|5.0|Great - really enjoyed seeing the story from the beginning (I starting watching it on TV during the second season).  Love the characters - action is intense and the ladies are hot!.
B000YAA68C|5.0|This movie is very good.  Lots of laughs and some tears for us ladies.  My boyfriend plans on buying a copy as well so there is enough in there for the guys to make for a great movie to watch with your significant other.
0061186473|5.0|I have read Coraline and The Graveyard Book by Neil Gaiman and so became interested in his shorter fiction.  I find Mr. Gaiman's writing a delight with unconventional stories cleverly conceived and nicely written.  His writing can appeal equally to children and adults.  M is for Magic is a perfect example of his fertile creativity.<br /><br />The stories have some bizarre plots:<br /><br />* the months of the year personified as humans engaged in telling stories over a roaring bonfire<br />* a detective is hired to discover who killed Humpty Dumpty<br />* a child discovers a remote bridge haunted by a troll<br />* children find an old sinister toy that carries a curse<br />* a mysterious man relates a story of an impossible deception<br />* an old woman finds the Holy Grail in a second hand store<br />* a black cat save a family from great evil<br />* two young boys end up at the wrong party<br />* a motley group of epicures search out a rare bird for their dinner<br /><br />The final selection is a short story version of a chapter in The Graveyard Book concerning a witch buried with no headstone.  As more than one reviewer pointed out, the collection is probably not suitable for younger readers, despite the publishers suggestion that the book is for readers \\"10 and up\\".  I would put the age at around 12 and up due to some phrases used by characters and the party story would probably be unsuitable for younger readers. Parents should read the book before offering to their children.<br /><br />For young adults and adults the book is humorous and quite creepy in turns.  The stories can be quite strange and take one to unimagined places and situations.  I found them a delight because they are unpredictable and very original.
1400063515|3.0|Taleb has penned an interesting book that attacks parts of modern Financial and Statistical theory. Specifically- he points out that the Bell Shaped Curve of distribution that many business students learn about in school is fundamentally flawed because it fails to properly account for Black Swans- highly improbable events. The Bell Curve is not appropriate because it is not scalable. Data sets that have small variances- the average height of human beings- fit well inside a Bell Curve. But things like stock index prices and measures of individual wealth do not lend themselves to standard deviations about a mean. Taleb has some very interesting criticisms of portfolio theory and modern day measures of risk- that are widely used by most businesses. His ideas in this book force a new conversation around risk and how we should prepare for unlikely occurrences. Overall- I enjoyed the book.    However, I'd echo some of the criticisms of other reviewers. 1) The book is poorly edited. It is far longer than it needs to be. It could have been chopped down to 200 pages without losing any of the central tenets, 2) The hubris of the author is, occasionally, overwhelming. Taleb does himself and his readers a disservice by engaging in way too much self-aggrandizing sidebars, and 3) In line with criticism number 2- Taleb spends a good portion of the book (the parts that should have been edited out) trying vainly to impress? Overhwhelm? his readers with his knowledge of obscure French writers and philosophers and writing about the schadenfreude he felt after the stock market crash in October 1987. One example, among many, tangential journeys he takes the readers on. For all his braggadocio about being a pragmatical empiricist- I found his literary meandering to be the hobgoblin of an undisciplined mind (to paraphrase a famous quote).
B001AQO446|5.0|How could the Blues Brothers not be on Blu Ray yet!? If it were the Red Brothers or the Green Brothers I might understand, but come on, it's the BLUES BROTHERS!!!! I need John Belushi and Dan Aykroyd in 1080p now darn it!
4883191028|3.0|Minna no nihongo is the standard Japanese textbook in many colleges, mainly because it is so comprehensive. It doesn't leave out any of the \\"special cases\\", and the exercises in the book will review EVERY permutation of the grammar points you're learning.    However, the best word I can find to describe the Minna no nihongo series is \\"frustrating\\". Explanations and reference sections (in the translation/guide book) are too short and sometimes missing all-together. To give you an example there is NO dictionary in the back listing all the vocab words.    Minna no nihongo feels to me more like a workbook you would use to practice what you learn from a teacher in a classroom. I wouldn't suggest using this book for self study. And even in a classroom setting it can be difficult dealing with the lack of explanations. The philosophy of Minna no nihongo is \\"show, don't tell\\", which is great for a literary essay, and perhaps at a level of Japanese, but terrible in my opinion for instruction at this beginner stage.
B002PMV9FG|4.0|I think Hollywood, or whoever it is making these Harry Potter movies, are slacking off a bit. I love this story but the movie threw me all over the place. However, I bought this disc from closeoutvideo and they sent it well within time. And the disc is in great shape. Thanks.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Everyone is already complaining about the 1.78:1 Ratio that this movie is going to have. The Original Aspect Ration of the film is 1.78:1.  The 2D version was cropped to give it the black bars on theater screens. The bluray is in the ratio as filmed and will look like the IMAX scenes from \\"The Dark Knight\\" and \\" Transformers 2\\". It will fill the whole screen but will still be wide and will not cut any of the movie off. Be happy that you actually get to see more of the amazing Pandora like being at the 3D cinema. Also the Original audio was recorded in 5.1 HD and not 7.1 so it is as shot too. The only thing to complain about is the lack of special features and additional footage. Cameron is re-releasing this film this fall in 3D for a second run and it is supposed to be the extended cut so after that happens a bluray with the extended cut will most likely be released soon after before Christmas 2010. it will probably be more expensive but the Ratio and sound will not change so get used to that. People think that this ratio is like a full screen DVD but it is not. it is wide screen it just does not have the black bars cropped into the picture. The cameras he used to film the movie were the same Ratio as IMAX cameras just not the same size film.  The movie going to be just a awesome as in the theaters.  And 7.1 sound is a gimmick anyway. There are only like 15 movies that have a 7.1 track on them and it is emulated and not discreet 7.1 so forget about it already.  Pre-order this one now or wait till Christmas or early 2011 for a SE version of the film. I've seen the movie 5 times in theaters and don't want to pay for tickets anymore so I pre-ordered mine today.
B002W24E0G|4.0|I would have to agree with the Little Richard,Ramones,and Phil Spector references,but I would also sprinkle a little Screamin Jay Hawkins over it.A beautiful mess.
B002JIOQCO|1.0|How they got funding to record a new album is astonishing. I'm Australian and I am embarrassed that these guys are also from my country. They play one song on the arias and trash their instruments? What the hell? Their work might have been taken more seriously if they were back in the 70's but its been 40 years guys. There are so many good bands that deserve the chance to shine but what's the use when you can be more famous with little effort. I'm not saying stop rehashing older music because there is a lot to draw from it but at least put your own spin on it. Like most music on the radio, I feel like I'm being taken for an idiot. They aren't trying and they aren't fooling me but maybe I give the general public too much credit, maybe they are this stupid. I really hope not...
B003204MQS|3.0|I truly enjoy watching all the paranormal TV shows (GHI, Ghost Adventures, A Haunting) and this movie was no different, hence it was disappointing. Maybe the $15,000 budget was the tipoff, but I have seen better on the TV show \\"A Haunting.\\" Glad I rented it, even though I was enticed by all the hype to see it in the theater.
0385528752|5.0|They did it again. The idea and how they present it is awesome. I love this book. Lots of application to put into, and you can easily relate to most of the stories.<br /><br />The \\"Made To Stick\\" was a great book that easily applicable for teachers, leaders, teamworks. And now SWITCH moves with the same ease and great Framework that can be applied anywhere.<br /><br />It is about HOW WE CAN HELP OTHER TO CHANGE. The 9 steps (divided to 3 major steps) are easy to understand. I like this type of \\"framework\\" that can be easily applied to a lot of \\"change\\" situations.<br /><br />This is ***Kotter's 8 steps to change*** for the rest of us. With even more compelling stories and samples.<br /><br />Go buy and enjoy the book, and you will reap huge benefit. Definitely will be in the top 5% of good books that I recommend.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|I love this movie. I ordered it from closeoutvideo and they sent it to me in very good time. But the disc stalled during the movie and closeoutvideo gave me a refund immediately. What nice people.
0393072231|4.0|Really -- consistency is the hobgoblin of small minds.  If people wanted consistency no one would ever vote republican -- or for that matter -- democratic.  Lewis himself says that this was the kind of catastrophe he could have helped create if he were still on wall street.  And please don't downgrade a book because it is priced wrong on kindle. That's just dumb.  Don't buy the book, put yourself on the list at your local library and you will get it in a month or two.  You don't have to pay the price charged.    This was a good and interesting read.  Like most of Lewis's books and articles this was about little known people who did extraordinary things in the face of conventional wisdom.  Even in the face of the conventional wisdom that once was espoused by Lewis himself.  The people came alive, without too much technical jargon, and the ultimate wisdom of what they did was made clear.  I liked the book.  It's not a great book, but it is a good read and I recommend it.
B002RI9S2Y|5.0|i think that this book is even better than all of the harry potter books combined. its great how they make the book seem like it could happen. but it did't. its amazing how its fun entertaining yet still teaches you about greek mythology in a way that you don't learning until someone askes you a question and you can answer with no hesitation. i think everyone should read it even if you think it may be chiledish. its not trust me.
B002XMGGK6|3.0|\\"Law Abiding Citizen\\" is full of surprises from the get-go. Director Gary Gray immediately shows the crime in the opening segment. There is no doubt about the killers or what they have done. The husband (played by handsome Gerard Butler) is the living eyewitness to the crime: his wife and daughter are viciously murdered during a house invasion. He is left to die.<br /><br />Then come the opening credits. Ten years later Jamie Foxx (the assistant district attorney) has made a deal for one murderer to turn on the other to get at least one lethal injection, although the actual murderer is the one who turns. Clyde Shelton (Butler) has patiently waited for justice--as he is a law-abiding citizen. Yet the Fox move to put his wins up to 96% riles the moral marrow of Shelton's bones. Where is justice? What kind of legal system do we have? The viewer knows there are deals, dismissals, too much protective rights for criminals and not enough for victims. Justice begins to show her vigilante face. The turncoat dies viciously.<br /><br />So far the movie is believable. Viewers can even identify with the methods of vigilantism. Right is right (even when it is wrong). When the line goes far beyond blur to a reverse perversion, I, a whopping big Butler fan, must cry foul.<br /><br />Then the viewer learns the nature of Butler's work (not to be revealed here). Things make sense now. Law abiding? From whose viewpoint? Can justice be validated under such circumstances? Does Foxx play fair when he makes deals. He justifies his actions--and reasonably well. Granted, he follows the letter of the law, but what about that moral marrow?<br /><br />The question slips from the nature of justice to address the two men: Who is right? Who is wrong? Can a line be drawn in this circumstance? Ultimately, \\"Law Abiding Citizen\\" addresses the serious flaws in our justice system. The method may be beyond the Pale and in the realm of fantasy (method not to be revealed here), but this vehicle of thought provokes! It is obvious why the two lead actors chose their roles--to be part of an ongoing discussion of the nature of justice and how it can be obtained in a flawed society run by flawed people.<br /><br />Law Abiding Citizen. Even the title is provocative.two lead actors chose their roles--to be part of an ongoing discussion of the nature of justice and how it can be obtained in a flawed society run by flawed people.    Law Abiding Citizen. Even the title is provocative.
B00328G4V6|2.0|As a huge Jimi Hendrix Experience fan, this is a very painful review to write.    I confess that I just didn't get what Jimi was trying to do following the demise of the Experience.  That's why my often played collection ended at Electric Ladyland (not allowing for occasional dabbles beyond that, eg: Blues etc.)  So the temptation to grab some more Experience era Hendrix was too great to ignor.    Perhaps I should have known better, but when it comes to great music I'm a sucker.    In giving a personal rating to the tracks, I find only 1 with 5 stars  -  \\"Bleeding Heart\\".  As to the remainder (and this obviously boils down very much to personal taste), the fresh takes are either way too fast, way to slow, or w-a-a-y-y too indulgent.  \\"Fire\\" falls into the first category, \\"Red House\\"  -  a personal favourite  -  falls squarely into the second category, and \\"Sunshine of Your Love\\" ranks as seriously self-indulgent.    Jimi was without doubt a visionary, a creative genius, and a pioneering guitarist extraordinaire.  After all, he did inspire the greatest blues guitarist of the last 50 years  -  SRV!!  I'm leaning to the view that post 1969 his creativity, form and direction began to fall away for whatever reason or reasons.      There'll be plenty of fans who'll gratefully lap up whatever is drip fed from the vaults.  I fear that what this release reveals in no uncertain terms is that Jimi's best stuff is already out there for us to enjoy (and I do bloody well enjoy it!!)  If this is an indication of the treasure that remains in the vault, it's not worth the cost of the shovel to dig it up.    So as painful as this is, please do yourselves a favour and stick to the brilliant first 3 albums.  It is not, to my mind, a fitting memorial to a great musical genius.    Sorry Hendrix fans.
B0035J6TAI|2.0|As a long-time fan of Peter Gabriel since the 1970s, one of the characteristics that I've liked about him is his different take on music, realized in his ability to be unique and experimental within the pop music format.  I also appreciate his sense of \\"concept\\". In both ways he has broadened the palate of rock/pop, helping to create some new variants, and brought new sensibilities to pop hits.    First off, the concept is great and full of potential: eclectic choice of covers, orchestra, no guitars or drums.  But the realization of this concept fails here.  This is a deeply flawed album.  It is all a variant of PG being mournful and navel-gazing.  With a few notable exceptions (e.g. the strings in Heroes) PG falls into the trap of many pop music people, that orchestral means slow and mournful; everything is a downer.  That's OK interspersed throughout a CD, but it's really tiring after a whole album.  He's certainly capable of unique instrumentation for a variation other than mournful/sparse/sadness (witness Moribund the Bourgemeister), but we don't hear that here.  This sounds like a record from someone who badly needed a producer who could override his worse instincts.      Having said this, I hope he doesn't drop the \\"limitations\\" concept, but tries again, keeping in mind that what made his career take off in the 70s and 80s was his ability to create variety and uniqueness, not lots of the same.
B00337KM2S|4.0|I enjoyed the move and like others was expecting Ryan to be fired.  However,  we were lead down the path that makes the ending very implausible.  If she was married why would she go to the wedding for a wekend away from her family she hardly ever shes.  Very unrealistic but it sent us down the path to make the ending a surprise. Oherwise, it was an excellent dark comedy.
B002UOMGVU|1.0|I've waited a long time for the 20th anniversay Blu Ray of 'Goodfellas'. I am highly dissapointed, the sound is crap, and not balanced at all. There's black blotches throughout the film, and a black line that looks like a split screen effect in one scene!! This is appauling, and a slap in the face to us, and the man who brought us this film, Martin Scorsese. The only thing Warner Bros. brought to the table on this release with any respect for the film was the packaging. Other than that this is my worst Blu Ray purchase ever!! I highly recommend you stay away from this release if you cherish this great film.
B002YIHO7I|4.0|Very good album.   I feel you can't miss with a Sade album, she has a great voice.
B002RV01QI|5.0|I am no expert in all-things-Enya, but I know what I like. Her music is ethereal and transcends that of mere mortals. If you buy this CD, which I rate a conservative 5 stars, be prepared to be transported to another world by her captivating voice in all its layered glory, not to mention the sublime instrumental accompaniments. No artist sends me as does Enya, and the places I go because of her are delightful! Louis Randall \\"Randy\\" Almond
0810993139|5.0|My 9 year old son is very smart but does not enjoy reading at all.  I caught him reading this book at 11 pm last night, and he was already half done with it!  He said we need to get the other books in the series.  I'm so glad he found something he loves reading!
B0035G9ABQ|5.0|This album is beautiful! I think mos of the song are going to be a hit, specially the \\"On Melancholy Hill\\" I am very proud of buying this album. Good Job Gorillaz!
B0001AVZA8|5.0|This movie makes you feel good about life after you watch it. I never truly appreciated jack nicholson as an actor after I watched this movie. He is a great actor.
0743298020|2.0|I was eager to read this novel since I am a lover of gothic romances such as JANE EYRE and REBECCA, both novels to which THE THIRTEENTH TALE has been compared.  Unfortunately this more contemporary book failed to engage me and I struggled to finish it.    Margaret, the heroine of THE THIRTEENTH TALE is a shy bookish type.  She is \\"haunted\\" throughout her life by her identical twin.  This twin rather melodramatically died so that she could live according to the plot.  Margaret is emotionally estranged from her mother who has never recovered from the circumstances of her birth and this was one of several facets of the novel that did not seem credible to me.  Anyway our part time writer and full time bookstore employee Margaret is suddenly chosen to be the biographer for a famous dying female novelist named Vida Winter.  Vida has never told the truth about her own background which involves insanity, incest, a burned mansion, two decidedly unusual twins and a couple of secret illegitimate children.  Vida tells her story so slowly that Margaret has to do some sleuthing on her own to unveil the many secrets most of which have all ready been way overused in similar novels.    One of the main elements that make most traditional gothic novels so appealing is the appearance of an exciting and somewhat dangerous love interest for the heroine such as Jane Eyre's Mr. Rochester or the narrator of Rebecca's Maxim.  Though a love interest for Margaret does appear near the end of the book he is not particularly interesting and the reader does not learn much about him and certainly not enough to make the heart pound faster.  THE THIRTEENTH TALE reminded me a lot of the two novels Australian Kate Morton has recently published in the United States.  Though Morton's books are far from perfect I prefer either of them to THE THIRTEENTH TALE.
B002SJIO4A|4.0|Aliens arrive on earth and are turned in to slaves and left to dwell in a slum in Johannesburg. The aliens are known as Prawns You get to know them and their surroundings and their likes and dislikes. In short the documentary like opening takes you in to the world of the prawns. They have been exploited and the people want them out of the city so the government assigns this task to a resettlement company called MNU. This is where the main human characters are introduced, the most interesting one is Wikus played by Sharlto Copley. This guy is the son in law of one of the bosses at MNU and is responsible for the displacement of the Prawns. The movie follows his story and how he messes up himself and the entire effort at MNU. The movie is all over the place in terms of the story but things are rarely boring for one thing it was a very fast paced movie and I found myself glued to the screen even though I find most Sci-Fi movies cliched. The reason this movie worked was the seamless jump it takes from the documentary like opening to the actual story and the many story devices that kept the story going such as the slums, the eating habits of the prawns, the gangs etc. The action is pretty hardcore with a lot of flesh and body innards flying around. I gave this movie four stars 3/19/10
B002YIHO7I|5.0|I love that Sade and her band are back with this beautiful offering. These are all gems. Sade's voice is as great as ever. All tracks are really mesmerizing and at this moment i love the pensive \\"The Moon And The Sky\\" , the neo-bluesy \\"Be That Easy\\" and the reggae-lite \\"Babyfather\\". All other songs are superb as well, they are all killers no fillers here, but at this moment, these are the ones that i hum all day and night. A must for Sade fans old and new, and dare i say, one of the best albums contender for this decade!!!
006190385X|4.0|U2 is the iconic rock band of my generation. I consider myself a big fan and like all their music. This book is definitely worth a read for anyone who wants some information on U2 right from the source, the band members themselves. The format of this book (my review is for the IT Books paperback version) is chock full of conversations and tidbits from each of the members of U2. At 440 pages, there is a lot of material to involve yourself in. Its basically a chronological summary of their career, starting from the very early days jamming in Larry Mullen Jr.'s kitchen through to the Vertigo album and tour.<br /><br />Here are some opinions and observations:<br />The first 250 pages are totally engaging and excellent. They cover the group through the Rattle and Hum period. I liked these sections most because the best part of any journey is the start. It was interesting to learn how the camaraderie developed between these four guys from Mount Temple School in Ireland, how they started out as less than accomplished musicians, and how they were persistent in getting their first record deal. Of course, U2 ultimately rises to iconic status with The Joshua Tree album.<br /><br />The rest of the book is more about a band that is concerned with it's band image and the image of it's lead singer. It's an odd (but unfortunately predictable) turn where the focus seems to be more about the style than the substance. U2 goes through it's 1990's period. I still think the music is good, but Bono seems so completely fond of himself. Some people got way too much confidence baby! It's like the guy thinks he's the expert on everything and everything that U2 do is better than anything everyone else is doing. During this period, their lifestyles change and quite frankly, they become a little less likable characters. Even if they are more politically involved.<br /><br />U2 has a bit of a rebirth in the 2000's when as Bono says: They re-apply for status as the best rock band. They seem mellowed out a bit, but you also get a sense that Adam Clayton and Larry are kinda fed up with the process. They enjoy the financial rewards that come from being a member of U2, but they feel a little left out of the music making process.<br /><br />Lastly, it was also interesting to see how religion has played a part with U2. From the overtly religious October album and on through their career religion has been a part of the process. Of course, Bono wants you to think that he is the ultimate expert on this topic too!! He is very free at criticizing other people and while he does express his own shortcomings, even this comes across as righteous and superior.<br /><br />I will always remain a huge fan of U2. Bono is certainly a very interesting character and he is the ultimate showman. If you have the time and the resources, I would highly recommend listening to the entire U2 catalog as you proceed through the book. That's what I did and it really put things in a more vivid perspective. Overall, I'd recommend this book to anyone who is already a fan or is just discovering the greatness of U2.get a sense that Adam Clayton and Larry are kinda fed up with the process. They enjoy the financial rewards that come from being a member of U2, but they feel a little left out of the music making process.     Lastly, it was also interesting to see how religion has played a part with U2. From the overtly religious October album and on through their career religion has been a part of the process. Of course, Bono wants you to think that he is the ultimate expert on this topic too!! He is very free at criticizing other people and while he does express his own shortcomings, even this comes across as righteous and superior.    I will always remain a huge fan of U2. Bono is certainly a very interesting character and he is the ultimate showman. If you have the time and the resources, I would highly recommend listening to the entire U2 catalog as you proceed through the book. That's what I did and it really put things in a more vivid perspective. Overall, I'd recommend this book to anyone who is already a fan or is just discovering the greatness of U2.
B002NXSRVG|5.0|My son and I love this movie.  There is so much action and amazing graphics.  With the quick delivery and low price, this was a best buy for me.
0887307280|4.0|Read before you even think of starting your own business. Its not as easy as you might think
006621131X|5.0|Patti Smith writes beautifully of her relationship with photographer/artist Robert Mapplethorpe. They randomly meet on the street after her arrival in New York and recognize in one another kindred souls. Her book is a very richly told coming of age story but more than that it is a loving tribute to her friend. She vividly captures the spirit of the times and the characters that came in and out of their lives as they struggle to find their artistic voices. While they lived for a time in the Chelsea Hotel and struggle as literal starving artists they gradually become immersed in the  scene developing in lower Manhattan at places like Max's Kansas City. Smith describes her encounters with everyone from Jimi Hendrix, to Allan Ginsberg and many others<br />Mapplethorpe emerges from her work as a gifted if troubled young man but ultimately a loveable one. Her book is a wonderfully entertaining read and a fine tribute to him. I really enjoyed it.
0517543052|5.0|I love this book!  It may seem a little \\"hippie-ish\\" in this day and age, but my best memories were in the late 60's and early 70's, and this book just makes me smile!    Read, and then re-read this book.  This is the way to a happy, fullfilled life!
B000YIGNKE|1.0|I was so disappointed in this version.  The only person to whom I would recommend this movie  is someone who has never actually read Persuasion or seen one of the purer movie adaptations.  The movie is not without merit,  but the scenes that are familiar seem to be recycle from earlier versions.  Of that scenes that are not familiar, half are not even representative of the book.  Apparently, the screen writers felt they were more capable of delivering Jane Austen's vision than she was.  I could have forgiven the small disappointments throughout the movie if the end hadn't been varied beyond recognition.  The fairy tale moment that we expect (Austen fans will know to what I refer) is so grotesquely distorted that it completely alters the character of Anne and makes her laughable instead of the heroine.  The ending is absolutely slaughtered.  If you love Persuasion DO NOT BUY THIS VERSION!!!
B002WCLG48|5.0|If you like me are still a believer that there will one-day be a Peter Jackson produced Halo movie then you should buy this disc.  Halo Legends is a collection of animated short stories that cover a broad sampling of the Halo Universe.  the Stories are well written and the animation varied inn style and top notch.  It's not a the movie we are all still waiting for but it's a much need fix for us Halo junkies till then.
B000P12LWY|5.0|I have seen just about everything ever done about the Tudors and Henry the eigth.  Johnathon Meyers may not look like the original but he gives a fabulous performance. After a while you tend to associate him with the king.
B002VPE1AW|1.0|As far as I'm concerned the only interesting aspects of this movie were the images and special effects that were greatly enhanced by the 3D presentation. The most beautiful images were \\"borrowed\\"(???) from Roger Dean anyway (see if you don't agree [[ASIN:006162697X Dragon's Dream: Roger Dean]] does someone know why there was no lawsuit?) , and the story was worse than non-existent ( I suppose it was ok if you understood  it to have absolutely no connection with reality as we know it, otherwise, what a lot of sanctimonious, one-sided tripe!). With the new HD TVs, projectors or even your computer screed you can get a great 3D experience at home. So what's the point of getting this release? I recommend getting [[ASIN:B0016Q2D5M Journey to the Center of the Earth]] in 3D (careful! l the ones you can get directly for Amazon right now do not have the 3D version. )
B00023BLXK|4.0|The movie was in very good condition, shrink-wrapped and good as new.  But I didn't get it until a month after my order.  I believe they had actually mailed one out two days after my order but it got lost in the mail.  I emailed them and they simply sent me another one and it was here in two days.  At first I was very angry that my order took so long to come in.  But in retrospect, it was not the company's (aokmovie's) fault.
0385504225|3.0|I'm not going to write an A-Z review--it is too well covered by everyone else. I would like to focus just on one point, as I've recently read Steve Berry's Templar Legacy as well as this in quick succession---I'm weary of these inane endings where some stunning revelation is (or is not) made and then no one ever finds out about it. It is beyond belief that so many important things can happen--and then they are just covered up. If you can live with the inevitable \\"HUH? You gotta be kidding...\\" which is particularly going to happen with this book, which ends with a whimper not a bang, it is a fun read. But authors who bite off more than they can chew inevitably wind up disappointing in the end. Brown had nowhere to go with this.
B002C6K7NA|1.0|It's really sad when what used to be a fine little band has to resort to the inane diatribe in the title song.  Last time I checked, no one is coming after anybody's god or guns.  I've got no problem with these guys trying to make a living.  But music is generally intended to bring people together, not to exacerbate what is already a great divide in our culture.  And did anybody notice that when they appeared on the Public Broadcasting System program Soundstage they substituted their usual confederate flag with the stars and stripes?
0807014265|3.0|My husband really enjoyed this book, I wasn't that thrilled with it. I did like the psychological background given as well as the obsrvations made; however, I wasn't thrilled with the format of the book. It truly is a manuscript not a chapter book. I really didn't learn much about the concentration camps that I didn't already know but Frankl's attitude during this torturous was amazing.
B00278U1W0|5.0|Awesome!!!<br />I saw the concert in person when they played at the Hollywood Bowl and loved it but as good as it was I did not have a view of Eric and Stevie like the DVD gives you.  This is a must own DVD.
B001FB4VXU|5.0|The DVDs arrived nicely packed. The quality is as I expected.  About the show itself, once you start, you cant stop!   I bought the set to watch all the episodes I missed but ended up watching the entire set back-to-back!  You can watch it over and over again and still find it funny everytime!  This is a must buy! Worth Every Cent!  I dont know how anyone can rate this a one star!
B000VWE5OY|4.0|\\"Torchwood\\" is a British science fiction series, shown in the United States on BBC America.<br /><br />The series is a \\"Doctor Who\\" spin off. While \\"Doctor Who\\" is considered a family show, \\"Torchwood\\" is more adult in content. It contains explicit sex, gruesome murders and some pretty nasty aliens. Most characters turn out to be bisexual. Indeed, the fictitious Torchwood Institute seems to be a veritable LGBT love fest!<br /><br />The closest thing \\"Star Trek\\" ever came to homosexuality were a couple of strange alien races. \\"Torchwood\\" is the real thing. How about same-sex kissing between Allied officers in pretty uniforms (one of them a time traveller), interracial lesbian sex with a shape shifting alien, or swinging from a straight robot to a gay human? Well, at least they have diversity on this show!<br /><br />Weirdly, the plot is set in Cardiff, Wales. Hardly a place anyone would consider the gay capital of Britain. The story revolves around the Torchwood Institute, a secretive operation charged with hunting down aliens from outer space and retrieve alien technology. The leader of the operation is one Jack Harkness, a mysterious human with supernatural abilities whose real identity is never revealed in the first season (of course, avid viewers of \\"Doctor Who\\" know exactly who he is). A rift in space-time runs right across Cardiff, turning the city into some kind of alien boomtown. Most fascinating are the Weewils, monstrous aliens living in the sewage system but occasionally making it to the surface, attacking people. To make the story a little bit more believable, the Torchwood Institute controls a drug known as Retcon, which wipes out the memories of everyone who ever sees the aliens. Torchwood are, after all, above the government and beyond the police!<br /><br />So far, three seasons of \\"Torchwood\\" has been produced. I originally only watched the second season, and drew the hasty conclusion that the show isn't much to write home about. The last couple of weeks, I've also been watching the first season episodes on Swedish TV. They are much better. In the second season, the monsters are just too corny and the characters too weirdly depressed. One of them even becomes a zombie. The first season also borders the corny at times (what about the cannibals? Or Abaddon?), but overall it's perfectly acceptable.<br /><br />Unless, of course, you have a problem with bisexuals...the first season episodes on Swedish TV. They are much better. In the second season, the monsters are just too corny and the characters too weirdly depressed. One of them even becomes a zombie. The first season also borders the corny at times (what about the cannibals? Or Abaddon?), but overall it's perfectly acceptable.     Unless, of course, you have a problem with bisexuals...
B0015XHP4K|5.0|If you own a Blu Ray player, this set is for you.  Yes, this series has been released many times before.  And yes, I have bought each one.  To me, this is by far the best set if your looking for picture quality and sound.  The images have never been sharper, the colors so vibrant and the sound is just awesome.    I give the set and the movies themselves five stars.  Even Rambo 3.  I love the characters of this series.   Each film brought a new dimennsion to the characters and made you care about the scenario they were fighting about.    Of course nothing compares to the original film.  It is a classic beyond compare.  But I also really liked the 2nd film too.  It is just wild and violent as hell.  How can you not love this one if your a fan? I wish sylvester stallone would do commentaries for 2 and 3. I liked them as much as 1 and 4.    Anyway buy this set because it is Blu afterall and the quality is much better than dvd.  Oh, before I forget I hope there will be a director's cut of part 2.  I've seen deleted scenes for this before. For example Rambo landing with his parachute and hiding it before running upstream looking for Co Bao.                                 Thanks for reading.
B00003CXB4|5.0|Got it in perfect condition, incredibly quick and my grand daughters were thrilled; can't get any better than that!
B000W91RUG|5.0|The DVDs arrived nicely packed. The quality is as I expected.  About the show itself, once you start, you cant stop!   You can watch it over and over again and still find it funny!  This is a must buy!
B00332GA8I|5.0|What an amazing performance!  And I love that I can take the USB flash drive wherever I go. Doesn't take up a lot of space when traveling. I highly recommend this awesome way to watch Michael's last performance!!!!!
B002UZCJP2|5.0|I was first interested in this movie because of my great interest in Ray Kurzweil's \\"The Singularity is Near: When Humans Transcend Biology\\". This movie follows the theme of this book, and I loved the film!
B0036EH40Q|4.0|This is one of the great westerns. Val Kilmer, Kurt Russel, Sam Elliot and even Jason Priestly give the best performances of their careers.<br />Actually Val Kilmer's Doc Holliday is one of my favorite characters in any movie and Kurt Russel is perfect as Wyatt Earp.<br />They lose a star for leaving out the extra 4 important minutes available on the fine DVD Directors Cut edition. It already exists so why leave it out? Here's a review that explains the extra scenes. [...]<br />After reading some interviews with the director the original cut was 3 hours long. Now that's a Tombstone I'd love to see.[[ASIN:B00005RHGL Tombstone - The Director's Cut (Vista Series)]]
B002VPE1B6|3.0|The Blu-ray/DVD release on April 22 is strictly barebones, no special features whatsoever, THE MOVIE ONLY. A special edition blu-ray release is planned for November and there are NO PLANS TO RELEASE A 3D VERSION OF THE MOVIE ANYTIME SOON.    Yeah... I'd wait until the announcement of the 3D home release. The biggest part of why I liked this movie so much was the 3D and special effects. Therefore the ONLY version I want has to be the 3D. Everything else is a waste of money. The studio is obviously still trying to make even more money off the film so they'll release as many DVD versions as possible to milk it for all it's worth.    WAIT FOR A BETTER VERSION!
B002QH2NUA|5.0|I loved the \\"flash backs\\" to the first time the Beatles played there that were incorporated into one of the songs!    Great job!
B0007LXPBI|5.0|Usually remakes are never as good as the original, but once in a while you are suprised and this is one of those occasions.  Lindsey Lohan is remarkably talented and a joy in this role  and Natasha Richardson is stunning.  Absolute joy to watch.
B0027HOBM2|3.0|The quality of the disk was terrible.  Numerous skips and slow processing.  Two episodes could not be watched at all.  The story itself is great.  The quality of the blu ray medium was terrible.
0471267554|5.0|I think this is a fantastic book.  I first learned about Cordain from Robb Wolf on the Paleolithic Solution podcast (Great stuff - listen if you don't already.)  I am now reading Mark Sisson's Primal Blueprint which is also very helpful.  The two books diverge in a few areas (e.g. consumption of milk).  I just ordered the Cordain/Friel \\"Paleo Diet for Athletes\\".  I can't wait to get it.
0517543052|5.0|This is a book about self motivation from a person of multiple professions. In the book he guides you through his journey of self fulfillment. The book is well structured can give anyone motivation to find their true self. I would personally recommend this book to any one of my friends; however, this book is not for all people. People who hold strong to their ideas and are unwilling to listen to anything else (Ex. extremely religious people) probably would not enjoy this book. Like anything else, it is good to not be closed minded before starting to read this book. It is not selling any specific idea, it's more of an awakening to appreciate the moments we live through.
B0024FAR5M|5.0|loved it
B0033AGPFS|5.0|I just got it! I have been waiting this moment for over 30 years! Yes, the all analog mastering has it all, and pressing is excellent. The sound is from another planet than in CD. Just feel the magic of Jimi Hendrix on vinyl!    Regards, Hendrix for ever...
0393072231|1.0|Not fair of the publisher to block a Kindle version.  I won't buy as a result.
B001L1S1SK|5.0|Ugly Betty was a show I lost interest in during Season 2. I just happened to catch up with this cute, funny show in the middle of Season 3. Once I got back into the storylines and outrageous characters - I got hooked on Ugly Betty again. Season 4 is probably the best season but the show has only a few episodes left before the series finale but dry those \\"ugly\\" tears - at least we can always watch this delightful show on DVD anytime we want. America Ferrara is a wonderful actress and Vanessa Williams is such a hoot! I will really miss this show when it goes off the air, I highly recommend this rare gem, enjoy!
B001RCD2DW|5.0|these headphones sounded great right out of the box. i'm aware that when they are broken in, they will sound better.  however, i don't believe, as one reviewer stated, that there is an incorrect way to break them in.  just listen to music, not pink noise.   anyways, these were magic the first time i put them on my ears; if they do get better, works for me.  btw, at the price amazon is selling them for right now, it's a steal.don't procrastinate.    ps--i would recomment the GRADO headphone extension. it gives the user 15 more feet of freedom without sound degradation.imo, the 10 feet of wire that is standard with most headphones, including this one, is not sufficient.
B001OQCV2O|2.0|This film started out OK.  Doom is coming and only a few people know about it... The tension builds, the soda and popcorn is tasting pretty good.  Then the doom and destruction starts coming to fruition.  The Explosions and destruction is fun to watch, even though you know in the back of your mind its rather nuts you are enjoying seeing the fictional death of 6 billion people.  Then the absolutely stupid last hour of the film starts to play, and the popcorn is getting cold and stale.  The soda is gone, and you squirm in your seat waiting for it to end.  They have a select group of people who manage to survive, just like Independence Day.  They even have fluffy the little dog, who fails to get crushed, burned, or drowned over and over... The end though is what killed the enjoyment for the movie.  The survivors are on their way to a new beginning - the politicians, mega rich, entertainers, etc. (basically all the winy, self absorbed jerks that you look upon with disgust from the daily front pages) are all saved and the planet is a smoking hulk, a ruin from one corner to the other.  They set out to start again with smiles and that winsome look you come to expect in these films.  I remember thinking in the theater with some pleasure about how they would land and find nothing to eat, no Starbucks, no 5 star restaurants...  And Buffy the mega model and Biffy the super politician would gasp and stare, wondering where all the mere peasants were that would have to hoe and plant and slave away to keep their upscale #$#es from starving to death...  I guess that part was rather amusing, but the rest of the film is nothing special.  3 Stars for the special effects and destruction, 1 star for the rest of the film.   Overall 2 stars.
B00005TQKQ|5.0|I do UFO/Paranormal investigations and Sony Night Shots are the best 8mm video cameras that due the trick. The problem is, the newer models suck. So do what I do, go to your local pawn shop and buy the older ones. Best if you buy ones pre 2000, better if you buy pre 1998. But.... you have to buy one of these puppies to keep the camera functioning properly. Note: Do not over use, or you'll ruin the video head of the camera. To see my investigations, go to my ufonut website.
0691142165|5.0|It's a wonderful work , mixture of statistics, commom sense and analysis, in which the authors explain basic principles that , when not taken into account, wherever the reasons,  have helped created repeatedly , time after time, the most terribly nightmares in financial markets.. JUAN CARLOS
0679805273|4.0|This book is priceless.  It is so inspiring.  We love it.  We actually got the \\"Party Edition\\", which was not in the product details.  As far as I can tell, the only difference is that it has a sparkly paper cover.
B0034JGBM0|4.0|Your enjoyment of \\"Under Great White Northern Lights\\" will depend on two things 1. You must already like the White Stripes and 2. You must enjoy the current incarnation of the White Stripes.  First for the people that will like this- this is rough and raw.  The sound is dirty as hell and the songs are played at maximum volume for maximum effect.  This is the White Stripes even more stripped down than on their albums.  Jack White's vocals are more raw live than on record- the music acting as an exciter that pushes his vocals into higher registers.  The guitar sounds like it is about to rip to pieces at any moment.  Meg's drumming is, well, Meg's drumming- you can dig it or you can't- Me?  I can dig it.  Meg's simple yet rock solid bottom is what allows Jack to take flight and lose himself in layers of noise and chaos.<br />Now to the people on the fence- the set list definitely favors the newer material.  The White Stripes seem to have lost much of the child-like innocence of the early records and have replaced it with a restless creativity, a darker sense of purpose and guitar tones that can test the patience of people more in tune with Jack White's \\"McCartneyesque\\" songwriting style of the first 3 albums.  BUT like most good live records this is not some contract filler or holiday season toss-off- this album records a unique moment in the band's life- a time that perhaps finds them at a crossroads- this album and the tour behind it celebrated the first (hopefully not the last) decade of the band.<br />Look, in a nutshell- this is a live album- if you are a fan than you will find a lot to love here.
B002T9H2LK|5.0|I never saw a Tarantino film but when I saw the trailers of this one I thought it was funny and the plot was original and inventive. When I saw it on theaters, I absolutely loved the movie. It is so well acted, well written and really really funny. I also liked the way all this people talks in different languages and how this mingles into the story. I didn't mind the violence and I think that adds to the film rich plot. It was dissapointing to see that this excellent film just won one oscar when it deserved best picture, director and screenplay. Of course Cristoph Waltz was brilliant as Hans Landa and he deserved every award that won. Inglourious Basterds is now one of my favorite films and definetely the best of 2009 (alonside with Up).<br /><br />This two-disc special edition DVD does not dissapoint at all. Aside from the picture you got plenty of good extras that adds to the film value. I totally recommend this film and this DVD (except if you own a blu-ray) is the best way to see it.<br /><br />Now I'm gonna see Pulp Fiction.
B00005JK8K|4.0|WWII. Joe Enders, a decorated Marine who is by-the-book to a fault, is just coming back on duty by cheating on his medical tests. \\"Ox\\" Anderson, much greener, is also getting the same new task, Protect the Navajo codetalkers (Ben Yahzee and Charles Whitehorse, respectively). While Enders is initially frustrated with his assignment, his respect grows as the codetalkers prove their worth in the brutal battle to take Saipan.  This is another war movie with modern technology the viewers get to experience some very realistic action scenes. The main thing is that the story is interesting. With a John Woo-directed film, you know are going to get tons of action, almost always too much, and that's the case here. However, some of the scenes are fantastic. You also get some beautiful cinematography. Still on the positive, the acting is good with Nicholas Cage in the lead role and a good supporting cast. The story, although fairly long at 134 minutes, was never boring. Anyway, it's a good action movie that certainly entertains. The intense and long action makes it almost too much to watch in one viewing.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This movie got so much crap and I must admit i talked trash as well....before I saw it that is. This is my favorite movie, it has everything. The main character has a horrible life, and questions what he's living for. He finds sense of purpose, assurance in afterlife, true love, and constantly living in a world full of never ending beauty. A perfect world honestly, how can you not enjoy it? Put yourself In Jakes shoes, feel what he feels, see what he sees, and think what he thinks. If you do, you'll love this movie just as much as I do, and truthfully appreciate what the Story of Avatar is Truthfully about!
B0034JKZ86|5.0|A modern day retelling of the classic story The Frog Prince. The Princess and the Frog finds the lives of arrogant, carefree Prince Naveen and hardworking waitress Tiana crossing paths. Prince Naveen is transformed into a frog by a conniving voodoo magician and Tiana, following suit, upon kissing the amphibian royalty. With the help of a trumpet-playing alligator, a Cajun firefly, and an old blind lady who lives in a boat in a tree, Naveen and Tiana must race to break the spell and fulfill their dreams.  This is a refreshing lively fairy tale, bursting with color, life with a amazing soundtrack. \\"The Princess and the Frog\\" is a fun, entertaining, and fulfilling ride from start to finish.
B0017VG69U|5.0|I love the series and I have been waiting a long time to purchase it on DVD. I was not disappointed. the remastered edition looks great on your screen and the package is greats.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This DVD is being released in a short window after the theatrical run of the movie, not to cheat the consumer, but to do a couple other things.    1.  Piracy is a big issue with this movie.  Movie piracy, especially in russia (where most pirate copies come from), is huge.  For years Region 5 (R5 is Russia, like R1 is North America), has been targeted by movie distribution companies to release DVDs early so that they can capture sales alongside pirate copies openly sold in shops.  It is a much different picture than the U.S., where stores are owned corporately and only buy directly from distributers.  By releasing this DVD early here (also should not it took 12 weeks to master this on DVD, as opposed to the 6 weeks typical of a movie), thhey cut the piracy window down.  2.  This picture was a huge success.  #1 in countless categories.  People want to get their hands on the movie.  IF there was not a demand for this movie to be out, they wouldn's have released it in a short time.  Some of us refer to this as capitalism and supply & demand.    Yes, this is a \\"bare bones\\" copy of the film.  Don't expect any bonus features.  The special edition will release in november.  If you want to be able to enjoy this movie, for the price of 4 Venti Mocha Frappucinos you can own a copy of the film in April.  If you view the coffee as a better purchase than a bare bones edition of this movie, buy your coffee and wait til november.  Don't, however, chastise and mock the consumers that want to watch it April 11th in their home, as that is their right.  Oh, lastly, this movie is a retelling of the Native American story...think about it... it is not \\"propaganda\\" to make americans look bad...  If it bothers you to see a very similar portrayl, minus the space aspect, of what early americans did to the natives of this country, don't watch Avatar.  However, those that do not learn from the past are doomed to repeat it, and we are coddled enough as a society.  If the only way we can be educated that destroying \\"savages\\" in the name or \\"progress\\" is through a sci-fi movie, then so be it.
B000MGVCFO|3.0|My review pretty much covers all the early Moody Blues albums that have been remastered into 5.1 Surround SACDs, up through Seventh Sojourn. I've purposely stated \\"5.1 Surround SACD\\" because that's what they all say on them. Not \\"4-channel\\" as some reviewers have stated. Yes, they were remastered from the original 4-channel masters, but every indication is that these CDs are \\"5.1 Surround SACDs\\". Having been a huge fan of their albums since the late 60's and early 70's, I couldn't wait for the 5.1 Surround SACD verions of the albums. First - the good: what you hear is absolutely beautiful. The end. The bad: and this only applies if you're familiar with the original albums - a lot of the obvious music (and vocals) are buried in the background. I can't comprehend it. A classic example is the lead guitar in \\"The Story In Your Eyes\\". If you weren't familiar with the original album version, I'm not sure you'd hear it at all on this version. You really have to carefully listen for it, carefully. Outrageous. What you do actually hear on these CDs is outstanding. Things that were in the background - or pretty much inaudible - on the stereo albums of that era are beautifully present here. I can't help but wonder if others - very familiar with the originals - notice this unnerving quirk. Frankly, I don't know if I'd recommend these CDs or not. There's a definite caveat to them.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Sorry, but I will NOT buy this edition because the original film aspect ratio it's 2.35 not 1.78.<br /><br />Jim<br /><br />______________________________<br /><br />25/03/2010<br /><br />I have been looking for information and you are right, I will remove this post. Sorry and thank you for you comments.<br /><br />I will rate it again.<br /><br />Jim
0439023483|5.0|Death, romance, killing, phenomenal writing... HOLY COW! Pick it up, man!  -Hannah    P.s. I see many of the negative reviews compare The Hunger Games to Koushun Takami's Battle Royale. From someone whose read and thoroughly enjoyed both, I find that funny considering both novels are nothing alike. (Other than the obvious parts, of course)
B0023SDPS6|5.0|Sheriff Walt Longmire of Absaroka County, Wyoming turns out to be one of my all-time favorite fictional characters.  His very human failings and foibles, balanced off against his humor, intelligence and charm cause me to wish he were a real live person, and someone I know personally.  Add his perceptive insights and observations to an intriguing murder mystery, and the book is a real winner.  I especially enjoyed the frequent, often laugh-out-loud funny, references to classical literature. The relationship between the main character and his best friend, Bear, give us a view into the life of the modern reservation people, and the scenes of mysterious interactions with Indian spirituality are insightful and enlightening.  The plot twists and streams of thought from the main character kept me up late at night to keep reading this novel, and will surely buy the others in the series.  I can hardly wait to see what happens next in the life of Sheriff Walt Longmire and his friends!
1932100660|1.0|Humans evolved as hunter-gatherers.  One of the main driving forces behind human social cooperation and increase in brain size, as well as pattern recognition, was the hunt for animal meat.  Almost all human societies, to this day, eat animal products of one kind or another.    It's overkill to think that a diet based only on plants is best.  It neglects that throughout human history, fish have been one of the healthiest foods one can eat (perhaps not so much now, due to toxins).  It neglects that even red meat consumed in minimal amounts is quite alright.  Granted, if all you are eating is red meat and dairy, that's a different story.    Where is the balance?  In my opinion, Americans are so confused and frightened by the obesity crisis that they are willing to believe anything about any diet, in their never ending quest to eliminate all pain and suffering through diet alone and be the first person to live to 200 years.  Get over yourselves!    There is no magic bullet to health.  Only hard work - namely, eating less, even if you are hungry, and exercising.  Granted, eating more fruits and vegetables and less red meat and dairy is beneficial, but that's only part of the story.    People all over the world eat plenty of meat, are not as fat as Americans, are in better health, and do not obsess about it.  Americans seem to be downright crazy - half of them obese and in terrible health, and the other half so obsessed with disease as to avoid any harmful thing, whatsoever!    Just because the author is credentialed does not mean he knows everything.  Smart individuals can sometimes be predisposed to trying to find a \\"theory of everything\\" in this field - see Linus Pauling and Vitamin C.    Bottom line - if you want your kids to grow up thin, fragile, weak, and dimwitted, and if you want to miss out on one of the enjoyments of life, by all means, avoid eating meat.    [...]
1592289444|5.0|If you wonder just what are the limets of the human. watch the movie and find out.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I saw this movie in theater in 3D and I can't wait to see it again on blu-ray, even if it's only on my 42\\" 1080p Panny or in my home theater on a 106\\" screen with 720P DLP projector.<br />And probably I'll buy the next b-r with the features in November, and then, the 3D version when it comes out.<br />The thing is, my projector has around one year of lamp hour left, so next proj will be \\"RealD ready\\" for sure :)
B0012Q732O|5.0|Who said you need actors. I enjoyed the movie even though it was all computer generated.
031606792X|2.0|This book seemed to start well, but tried to pack too much into this final part of the saga. Parts of the story just dragged on and on while other parts were not explained enough, and just skimmed over the details... leaving you wondering what the heck happened. I would have wished a better thought out final to this saga. Not her best!!!
B0002B15XI|5.0|what can I say other than MASH will be a great movie years from now.
1881273377|5.0|I enjoyed Gary Chapman's reading of his book, his voice brought the words alive. I had no problem staying interested or understanding the message of the book. I spend a lot of time in my car and as I listened to \\"The Five Love Languages\\" I easily started to recognize where I had not been speaking love to my husband nor was I realizing his efforts to speak love to me. I also learned how this applies to all our relationships children, family, friends, etc. I have listened to Gary Chapman's \\"The Five Love Languages\\" several times not being bored at all. I would diffidently and have recommended this audio book to others along with telling them it is all so available in print which ever they prefer just get it, I assure you you will start looking at life from a different perspective. Cyndi A., Snohomish WA
B000YENUI6|5.0|My wife is from Russia and this movie helped me to understand the Russian culture.
B000AP04OM|5.0|You probably will want to visit Salzburg after watching this movie!<br /><br />This is a timeless classic!
B001MEJY8W|5.0|I went into watching this without much knowledge of what to expect. I knew the genre of the movie, and only the most bare bones outline of the plot. I had not read any reviews or anything beforehand either, I do this because I've been burned by going into movies like this before with high expectations and just being utterly dissapointed, so nowadays I try not to form too much of an opinion before seeing something.    So all that said, when I did finally get around to watching this I was quite pleasantly surprised to find a movie which I really enjoyed. There is of course some violence and gore but I didn't feel that was really the focus of the movie, and I thought the story and reason behind the situation these girls found themselves in was the interesting part. This is of course not revealed fully until late in the movie.    And I also found that since watching this I've spent a fair amount of time thinking both about 'filling in the blanks' in my interpretation of the ending, and about the lengths some people will go to for the sake of knowledge. And hey any movie that gets me pondering the nature of humanity gets a thumbs up in my book.
0061719544|5.0|I am a Craig Ferguson fan, but I never knew what a brilliant and witty writer he was. This book is a well written and surprisingly candid account of his life. Considering his antics as a young man, he is lucky to be alive to tell the tale. Above all, this is a story of hope and inspiration.
B0035J6TAI|1.0|I am a long-time PG fan and couldn't wait to get my hands on this new album!  I can't tell you how disappointed I am. It is a self-indulgent, unlistenable, boring piece of work.  It sounds like an art student project, and that's not a compliment.
B002ODEJYE|5.0|This is the best DVD music concert I viewed in a long time. Great music! Great musicians! Great show!! Pinks Best Yet!!
0061544493|4.0|The book is good but nothing amazing which is why I gave it 4 stars.
B000750OEA|5.0|Kylie has evolved from the disco dance favorite to the master diva of tekno-pop.  Her transformation has been smooth as silk and as profound as the evolution the Beatles made from A Hard Days' Night to Sgt. Pepper.  This collection covers the whole transition.  Although I am not a big fan of all her music, the collection has all my favorites from the catchy I Should Be So Lucky, to the most infectuous song since Billy Jean in Can't Get You Out of My Head.  The collection serves as a good primer for those not familiar with her catalogue as well.  All in all, I had to have it.  If you're a fan, it's a must.
B002BJGYTY|5.0|Really enjoyed the 3rd season.  Repackage was nice and a a bit more user friendly than the traditional packaging.  Wish more tv was like this.
B002MQYOFW|1.0|Why would the kindle edition be more expensive than the paperback and the hardcover editions?
B0011C78VU|5.0|I did not expect this book to be in such excellent condition for the price but, it was and I was very happy with it.  Also, it was shipped and received much quicker than expected.
B001EN71DG|5.0|What can you say about Star Wars? Going on 2 generations and still going strong!  Just bought it for my 9 year old son!  Amazon had the best price, lowest shipping price and it arrived in 3 days!  Go Amazon!
0307712508|5.0|An outstanding story well crafted and narrated.  Clear and compassionate.  Very high marks to both the author and the narrator, who does a remarkable job of bring the characters alive.
0762102519|4.0|A Kiss Before Dying takes one back to men wearing fedoras and languidly building suspense plots.  This one keeps adding layer on layer.  You know what's going to happen, but when?  And how?  It is refreshing not to conjure suspense by plumbing grisly details for effect, but rather by exploring characters.  Can't put it down, yet won't become ill with gore.  The campus atmosphere also evokes past times.  Should have been a top film (was it?).
B0032KNA4I|2.0|I'm just glad I didn't go see this at the theatre and saved myself $11 plus tax. I ended up renting it for a buck at my local DVDXpress kiosk, and was I disappointed.<br /><br />First of all, the script sucks. And the fact they put a black president in the film feels so forced, plus the guy - surprise! - decided to stay behind and allow himself to die. How heroic. Every aspect of the plot is either predictable, or plain laughable.<br /><br />And then, the CG effects are just plain cheap-looking and almost crude at times. All those deaths, simulated with cold objectivity, make one wonder if the director cares about humanity himself, or maybe he's secretly rooting for mankind's demise, or at least that of everyone who's not important on this earth (that's you and me, pal). The ending is way too predictable; for example: divorced husband, live; ex-wife's boyfriend, die.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|My 9yr old son is a huge MJ fan and this added to his collection. He was very, very happy. He watches and tries to copy the dance moves at least 3x a week.
B001IF266C|5.0|I bought the delux import, with the owl on the cover.    The album is good -- not Goldfrapp's best, but worth the price of admission.      It is the additional DVD that puts it over the top: great videos, great live performances.      If you're a Goldfrapp fan, it's a bargain.  If not, try Felt Mountain.
B002KREVCO|4.0|This is the release without the guitar amplifier, though I would have wondered what it sounded like with my Stratocaster through it, since neither Angus nor Malcolm play one.    \\"Backtracks\\" is not a \\"greatest hits\\" album.  AC/DC have steadfastly refused to do one.  The closest you're going to get on that is \\"Who Made Who.\\"    This is more of an odds 'n sods album, largely unreleased live material and studio material only released in Australia up until now.  Most fans know that the Australian releases of the early albums are different to the ones released in the rest of the world (album art, track listing, etc.).  This gives you some of those tracks.    Three stand out: \\"Crabsody In Blue\\" (you'll itch after listening to it; my wife said \\"ewww!\\"), \\"R.I.P.\\" (Rock In Peace), a solid AC/DC Bon Scott era straight-ahead, no BS, Aussie hard rock 'n boogie, and \\"Love Song.\\"  I believe this one was written about Bon's then-wife, Jane, and has to be heard to be believed.  Gentle, non-distorted guitar and Bon professing his love in an almost Beatle-esque fashion (or, to be more accurate, in the style of the elder Young brothers Aussie pop band, The Easybeats).    The CD with the live tracks are...well, if you've seen AC/DC live (I have), you'll know what to expect!  Turn it LOUD!  Brian Johnson really tears the paint off the walls with his renditions of songs both old and new.    The DVD is interesting mostly as a curio, but the addition of the video of \\"Highway To Hell\\" is almost disturbing, since Bon would be dead soon after.    And, as with AC/DC, don't take it too seriously.  Quaff your favourite Aussie beverage (Fosters, XXXX, etc.), and, as I said, play it LOUD.
B002U0KHMY|5.0|I have to be very picky about what I watch, as I have a limited amount of time for TV as it airs (it's easier to watch from DVDs later), but White Collar is at the top of my list.  Of the shows I watch (Lost, Supernatural, Smallville), I found myself looking forward to White Collar most.    Matt Bomer was the lead in the summer 2007 series Traveler, and he was great in that too, so his name on this series is what drew me in.  The White Collar Pilot was really, really good, sucks you in from the start.  Some of the next few episodes were a tad weak, but always worth watching.  The last half of the season was back to being great, and the finale was just plain AWESOME.  Matt is a striking, charming guy who plays Neal to perfection.  The casting director truly nailed this one, as they did with Tim DeKay as Peter.    Matt and Tim have excellent chemistry together, and that carries over to Neal and Peter.  It's almost a father-son relationship--with a wayward son, that is.  They influence each other in many ways, and sometimes there is friction, but it's always good.  Willie Garson plays the interesting character Mozzie, though he sometimes overacts the part.  (Or maybe he's just being true to the character).  I love Diahann Carroll as June.  She's the mature, calming force that Neal needs as a mother figure.  This poor guy seems to have no family anywhere, or at least there's no mention of them.    White Collar is really not so much about the crimes they encounter and solve.  (I despise procedural cop shows).  It's about the very likable characters.  I often don't even catch the details of the cases until subsequent viewings, because I'm too busy the first time through watching the interaction of the characters and following the Neal/Kate arc.  The premise of the convict working with the agent is unusual, and fascinating.  The show in general is not quite as polished as the others I watch, but is definitely worthwhile and is quite entertaining.  Can't wait for Season 2!
1423113497|5.0|This book set was still wrapped in the cellophane paper! I couldn't believe the great price!
B00005V9IK|5.0|Originally had this on VHS so I bought the DVD.  One of my favorite movies.
B0031MA7RA|2.0|I received this book in poor condition,because of the packaging, vender did correct and based on there service I would use again.
0790729636|5.0|Had this movie on VHS, so bought it on DVD.  Good movie.  It has been on TV so I think at this point, everyone has seen it.
B002ZHKZEM|4.0|Just before the Tenth Doctor regenerates, he heartbreakingly moans, \\"I don't want to go.\\" I don't want him to go either. David Tennant is THE Doctor of our times. Yes, there have been nine other incarnations, but in the past few years, he embodies THE Doctor so much that it's hard to see anybody else in the role. I even forgot that Christopher Eccleston was his immediate predecessor and when he left, I thought I couldn't picture anyone else. Still, it was his time to bow out. All the same, I wished Tennant ended his Doctor's tenure with a full series. The Complete Specials is a frustrating set because I want more from it. Come on, it only had three one hour specials and a two hour finale. That's not enough to savour the awesomeness that is the Tenth Doctor. Besides, with the exception of the frighteningly intense \\"The Waters of Mars\\", the rest of the Specials are not exactly the Doctor's finest hours. Although they are all enjoyable in their own kooky ways, they're wildly uneven. \\"The Next Doctor\\" should have been a two-parter because there are great ideas in there that didn't fulfill their potential. I also wanted more of the steampunk Cybermen. \\"Planet of the Dead\\" is a very fun romp and guest companion Michelle Ryan is a hoot but it's like a filler episode. It does however work as a lighthearted interlude before the horrors of \\"The Waters of Mars\\" where we are treated to a scary side of the Doctor. This episode is the set's saving grace. Finally, while the Doctor's send-off is poignant, dignified and appropriate, the rest of \\"The End of Time\\" is WTF with an OTT appearance by the Master and an on crack plot that has me scratching my head. Nonetheless, despite the hits and misses, I'm glad to have spent time with the Doctor's last days. I wished he didn't have to leave so soon.
B002SJIO4A|1.0|Odd type of movie.  This could have been a lot better.  It was not funny enough for a comedy.  Not scary enough for horor.  The news flashes were annoying.
B002VPE1B6|3.0|I saw the IMAX version and while I thought the 3D and CGI were great; unfortunately the story was basically a plain vanilla cowboys and Indians story that you can see in any western circa 1930+.    The Na'vi, a bow and arrow stone age culture living in harmony with nature (insert the peace loving native Americans/Indians) are beset upon by the evil mining company the RDA corporation who want a rare mineral found on the land occupied by the Na'vi (insert evil 1800's railroad company here).    The Mining company has hired soldiers; Marines, (insert the evil US Calvary) to move the Na'vi off their land to a new settlement (insert Indian Reservation here minus the casino of course).    I mean c'mon! All that was missing was John Wayne on a horse!     The almighty James Cameron was miffed that his \\"epic\\" didn't take every single Oscar at the awards. Maybe that's because his \\"epic\\" story was merely a 1930's B movie western storyline rehashed and repackaged in a a sci-fi setting with pretty graphics! As far as the scientists role goes, that element is always present in a vanilla western by a group of \\"palefaces\\" who feel sorry for the Indians and try to help them by opening schools and teaching them English and showing them as a civilized people....wait a minute...that's EXACTLY what the \\"scientists\\" do in the movie! Not even an attempt to hide the western theme there.     The lead role in avatar is a disabled marine disgruntled with the service because they will not pay to heal his disability so he signs on with the Calvary...erm, I mean the mining company security force who will pay to fix him up if he signs on with them.    He uses the avatar created for his twin to get close to the natives to spy on them for the evil \\"Colonel\\". Instead he ends up falling in love with the native's, their culture and a native woman and he ends up being accepted by the \\"tribe\\" (insert Kevin Costner and a few dancing wolves here) and siding with them and turning against the evil marines and their psychotic colonel.    Despite all this, I did enjoy the movie (I like westerns) and I was never caught looking at my watch or yawning during the nearly 3 hour movie. The CGI was simply amazing although the 3d gave my wife and I both a mind searing migraine that lasted 2 days.    I feel it was quite pretentious of Cameron to expect to get best picture by just cutting and pasting a generic western story into a sci-fi movie. The movie did deserve all the awards it did get and should have gotten every award for graphics design and the technicians that made it happen.     I was highly offended by Cameron making the Marines out to be rabid blood thirsty animals and totally unrepentant. At the end of the film Cameron makes the evil mining Corporation seem to repent a little by having the CEO stop, look up at the Na'vi with a seemingly new found respect then hang his head down in shame as he's led away yet the marines are seen glaring at the Na'vi with blind hatred.    I was visibly upset by a fellow moviegoer as he repeatedly yelled \\"yes!\\" \\"yes!\\" every time a soldier was killed. Blissfully unaware that he was being manipulated.    Seems clear that Cameron loves big money grubbing corporations and hates the military.    We have enough nut jobs in this world who hate the US and our brave men and women in uniform fighting and dying every day for an ungrateful elite and a generally lazy,cowardly civilian population/world and I don't appreciate seeing them smeared by Hollywood yet again.    The slap in the face to the military could have easily been avoided by changing the marines to a private security company (mercs).    I just don't understand why Cameron hates his country so much as to ruin what could have been a good and original story with his anti military sentiments/theme. Sadly Hollywood throws originality in the trash in favor of pretty graphics and big explosions.    There was no need to use \\"marines\\" as the bad guys. I mean technically they were a private security company because they worked for the mining company but the movie constantly refers to them as \\"marines\\" and they wore military uniforms not security uniforms.    I do intend to buy this movie, just not the initial release. Cameron stated himself he would wait 6 months after the first DVD release to release an enhanced possibly 3D version. I'll wait for that. Some may yell hypocrite for buying a film that I felt disrespected the military but if I refused to buy a movie on that premise then I'd be prohibited from buying 99.9% of all movies made since the 1960's. So I will concentrate on the pretty pictures and grit my teeth and try to ignore the propaganda.    I gave Avatar 5 stars and subtracted 2. One for the cheap cowboys vs indians storyline and the second for the anti military theme.    FYI For the record I am not in the military. Never was. I am disabled and unable to serve. I am simply the Very proud son of a WW2 combat veteran who is sick of seeing his Fathers and every other serviceman and woman's sacrifice and courage belittled every day by Hollywood elites.
B001OQCV2E|1.0|I liked the special effects.  The story sucked and some of the acting was bad.  Woody H? what a joke.  Could have done without him, but I guess the character had to get the map from somewhere.  The ending was the worst.  Just liked the special effects.
B001UV4XUG|5.0|The trailer looked good and I wanted to see this.  It was better than I expected with some funny lines and an atypical story.  hard to believe it is set in LA - where's the sun?  Zooey is great and the soundtrack rocks as well.
1594488843|5.0|In this book Daniel Pink describes some very interesting research on motivation showing that extrinsic motivators (rewards given for doing something I want you to do) definitely influence human behavior--but they often drive a different response than was intended.  In particular, people tend to lose all personal interest and do only what leads to the reward, even when that means contorting the real goal.  (He calls this Type X motivation.)  He then goes on to show how intrinsic motivation (Type I) is the only driver that consistently produces the highest performance, adaptation, and particularly innovation.  Of course, this has been known to scientists for decades (which Pink points out), but it is still almost entirely ignored when it comes to businesses setting up their internal incentive structures.  The recent destructive behavior by the banking system, clearly very smart people, is a reflection of the distorting power of Type X motivation.<br /><br />Pink does a good job of presenting and linking a lot of different studies and examples to make a strong case.  Unlike his other book \\"A Whole New Mind,\\" Pink goes beyond making the case and includes a number of chapters intended to help one master intrinsic motivation or Type I motivation.  I found this material also very useful, particularly to the extent it cites additional reading, consultants, etc. that provide more on the topic.  This part of the book is also very well done.  Frankly, I still get the feeling that Pink is the outside observer who is assembling and summarizing all this work done by others rather than one who has really experienced the trials and nuances of making it happen.  Nevertheless, the book is one of the best works I have seen that brings all the research and examples together in a coherent fashion to make a strong case.  In today's economy, where innovation is the only sustainable differentiator, business leaders who want to stimulate innovation within their organizations will be well advised to pay attention to this book and its message.sed to pay attention to this book and its message.
0671646788|5.0|It's all in your head!  The magic of thinking big proves it.  Have you ever felt down because you didn't think you could do something as well as another person?  Are there things in your life or career you consider impossible? Do you admire someone who seems to get everything they want in life?  Is advancement in your current employment situation like climbing a mountain?  Are you tired of being a follower and want to lead others?  Is your current life situation where you want it to be?  If you answered yes to any of those questions then this book is your resource to get to the next stage of life.  David Schwartz's charismatic style is both invigorating and addicting.  Before you've finished the last page you'll find yourself evaluating everything you do.  In fact more than likely you'll have at least a short-term mental plan to improve at least one aspect of your life.  For example, you might decide to use less Facebook and use that time to develop relationships with those around you. Or if you just like great quotes this book is chock full of advice like the following:     * \\"To do anything you first must believe in it.\\"   * \\"Success minded people tend to monopolize the listening, while the small minded people tend to monopolize the talking.\\"   * \\"Action cures fear.\\"   * \\"The only way you're going to get success is through change.\\"  * \\"All confidence is acquired and developed.\\"  * \\"Listening is more than keeping your mouth shut.\\"    These quotes are only a sample of the many within the book.   Schwartz provides advice for those who currently feel successful and those who don't.  For example, he says, \\"There are as many best ways as there are creative minds.\\"  There are examples of real people to illustrate ideas. Your first time through will leave you shell-shocked as you realize so many secrets to success.  The greatest thing you'll realize is no mater how satisfied you are in life there is room for improvement.  In application of the things I have learned from this book, I challenge you to make a list of reasons to read it.  If you do, I promise you will be reading it before the day is over.
1594481717|5.0|Frankly, this book has become one of the most popular and most cited works to make a case that the world of business in the global economy of the 21st Century has changed dramatically.  Pink makes a lucid case for the fact that routine activities taught through mass production forms of education, even advanced tasks such as reading X-rays, will increasingly be either automated or shipped to a low cost labor force in some emerging country.  The level of technology and interconnection today makes this inevitable.   If you don't believe that, or you are one of the many people who just don't have enough contact with day-to-day business dynamics to see this in action, Pink's book is a good way to stimulate your perspective.       While the book makes a case for the need to change, it suffers from the same limitation of all the books I have seen on this topic:  it provides little or no direction for what to do about the changes--except in a very broad conceptual sense.  Please don't interpret that as a slam on the book -- it does what it does well.  Just don't expect to find too many answers here once the book peaks your interest to do something different.  Of course, there are not many good places to go today for such answers, so this book has a place.  There is an associated video of Pink giving a talk that is also very good in terms of making the case in an entertaining fashion.
0439813786|5.0|THE INVENTION OF HUGO CABRET      This book is really amazing. Even though it does not have a lot of text I like how the pictures tell the story very well and the text that is there is really good. And I like that it is only a 3-4 day read. Brian Selznick is a great author and author and he shows his skills in this book The Invention of Hugo Cabret.  In The Invention of Hugo Cabret the main character Hugo is not really relatable because he does things most people don't do. But I still like him because he does not want to steal but he has to, he is kind and he runs the station clocks for everyone even though he does not have to. I also like how he is mysterious and adventurous.  Hugo's dad works at the museum he stumbles over a robot that he learns all about and writes it down in these notebooks. But his dad dies in a fire, so Hugo lives with his uncle at the train station. But his uncle disappears and he has to live off of stealing. He finds the robot in the rubble from the museum fire and he tries to rebuild it from his father's notes. He must steal toys for parts from Gorges Milies, an old man who owns a toy store wand catches him stealing and He threatens to burn his notebook but seems suspicious about it when he asks \\"where did you get this notebook?\\" many things happen as he tries to get the notebook  back and rebuild the robot. It is very mysterious and adventurous book and has many twists that will keep you guessing until the end.  The book is really good when it is told in words. But sometimes the picture parts are hard to understand and confuse you about what is happening, which is a small downer. But I like the book anyway and I recommend it to everyone because it is cool has good plot and amazing pictures.
1594488843|5.0|I can still remember when my dad came back from our dog's first training class. He was thrilled. We had been wondering how to get our German Shepherd, who didn't understand English, to sit.  He had finally learned her language: thimble-sized chunks of hotdog. Turns out, dogs will do anything for a wiener, just like they'll stop doing most things at the sound of our raised voices. My dad could now motivate a dog.  What he said next struck me as a little funny, \\"If only I had taken this class when you boys were younger, I would have been a much better parent.\\" It was then that he realized the power of carrots and sticks.       Now that I work with kids on a daily basis, I use an arsenal of carrots and sticks. Carlos keeps aiming balled up handouts at Jennifer's head:  that's a demerit. Jared only does his homework half of the time: he can go on spring trip if he turns starts turning it in. Carrots and sticks have been schools' primary tools for motivation since the start of public education. And they've worked well enough that we never really question them. Then comes this guy, Daniel H. Pink, and his book, Drive: The Surprising Truth about What Motivates Us.  It turns out that we should start questioning.    Drive is not about schools. It mostly speaks to the business world, but its insights have direct implications for us in the business of educating kids. Pink explains that just because carrots and sticks have been the motivational method of choice since the stone age, doesn't mean it's the best. He explains that our tendency to seek rewards and avoid punishment is pretty primitive and that a deeper drive exists. This drive, Pink calls Motivation 3.0, is the intrinsic motivation to do a job well.     Take for example my high school English teacher, Mrs. Moen. She came to school early and left late every day. She called parents, graded mountains of papers, and constantly innovated her curriculum, even after twenty-five years in the classroom. Why did she do this? There were no pay-for-performance incentives. She rarely even received a \\"thank-you.\\" According to the carrots and sticks idea, Pink says, this doesn't make sense.      It turns out that she was driven by an internal fire Pink calls Motivation 3.0. This means that, more than rewards and punishments, people are motivated simply by working hard at a job they love. In order to tap into Motivation 3.0, people need three things: autonomy, mastery, and purpose.   Pink shows us dozens of examples where companies and leaders use these three motivators to garner amazing results. One such example is Google, where engineers get what's called 20% time.  They get one day per week to work on whatever project they want. It is during this time that they've developed some of Google's most important programs, including Gmail and Google News. Pink cites that not only are people more motivated by autonomy, mastery, and purpose, but that they produce better results.    This doesn't mean that carrots and sticks never work, just that we need to question whether or not there's a better way.   YES Prep already embraces the idea of Motivation 3.0 on a large scale, giving faculty quite a bit of autonomy as to how they run their schools, programs, and classrooms.   But is it enough?  What if we gave teachers and students more autonomy as to what projects and skills they worked on? What if we gave our students a deeper sense of purpose by connecting their learning with the real world? I don't have the answers, but read this book and you'll start asking more questions.
0446567337|4.0|Dear John  Nicholas Sparks  Book Review     In the book, Dear John it starts out by telling you about John's life as a child, how he and his father lived together after his mother had left them when he was very little. His father was a little different than most people, he did everything at the same time everyday for his entire life. Every morning he would get up and make John and himself eggs and bacon. John's father didn't have much money so they would use what they got. For example: When their fridge broke they had to get the only one they could afford, a lime green one, that John always says just never looks like it belongs.    John and his father only could talk about one thing..... coins. His dad knew everything about coins. They would look for new coins every where they went, but the only picture of them when they got a coin  was in Wisconsin, where they found the buffalo coin.    When John got out of high school, not knowing what else to do, He enrolled himself into the Army. Two years later on leave he came home and meet a girl named Savannah. He thinks she is amazing, and the love of his life. The only thing is they fall in love shortly before 9/11 which changes their life forever. But will she still love him when he is overseas??     I thought the book was good up until the end. There was too much going on. With his life and staying in the war and trying to keep in touch with Savannah and his father in the hospital it was all too much. It just piled up on each other and it got to be very confusing.  I didn't like all the little war side things they put in, like, when his friend was shot in the hand.   I would give this book a 7-10. Because it was good it made me laugh and it made me cry. Like when they were on there first date and Savannah laughed at the name of the restaurant \\"The Shrimp Shack.\\" But it got confusing when they piled event after event at the same time, it was just too much! I have never read a book like this before. I think all girls should read it (well if you like what you heard about it). But over all I thought it was a good book.    Kayla
1423113497|5.0|Though I am not in the targeted age group for this series I have read all five books.  I really enjoyed these books; they were light entertainment and a fairly original story line with no vampires.  It gets hard to find a story that has not already been done and though this is not as good as Harry Potter it was still fun to read and I got to care about the characters and am looking forward to the next series from Camp Halfblood.  I haven't seen the movie verison but from the trailer I can already tell they added things from the second book into the first so I don't know how much more the movie verison is going to change aside from making the characters look completely different from what I expected them to look like. (Annabeth had golden hair whereas the actress playing her has brown hair.)  It only took two weeks to read all five books but I still enjoyed them all the same.
0375842209|5.0|I had been told by a blogging friend that this book was amazing.  It lingered on my TBR list for a while until my book club offered it as a choice for next month.  As I wasn't thrilled with the other offerings, I was quite vocal in my desire that this be selected as our next book.  I am so glad I spoke up so forcefully on the side of this book (seriously, the others were dull).  This book is simply brilliant.  It will move you in ways you never expected and surprise you in both good and bad ways.  When I first started reading it, I was confused.  The first few chapters were weird to me because they were unlike anything I had read in the past (which is part of the beauty of this book).  The fact that Death is telling the story and can be quite funny at times (although often in unintentional ways), is sheer genius.  Death has a way with words that draws you in and lulls you.  The words become more than words.  They paint a picture; comfort you; surprise you.  You know early on what is going to happen to many of the characters, as Death is very straight up about these things, and you don't want to believe some of it, and in reading, you often forget.  When you do remember, as Death likes to remind you of upcoming events, or read the actual events you are somehow surprised, saddened and angered.  The characters are well fleshed out and you will fall in love with almost every one of them for different reasons.  They show you the life of Germans during WWII.  While Nazi's are obviously featured in the book, they are not the focus of it, other than how their actions affect the average citizen.  These are not bad people, but people doing what they must to survive and maintain some sort of normalcy in a very un-normal time.  These characters have depth is ways some writers can only dream of.    I loved this book so much I ordered my own copy (the one I read came from the library) so I can read it again at my leisure and sent a copy to my dad as a gift.  This will now be at the top of my gift giving list for readers.  I hate that in the US it's marketed as YA because I'm afraid a lot of people will skip over it.  I would certainly not consider this typical YA fare.  Yes, high schoolers could (and should) read it, but the appeal of this book extends far beyond the teen years.  Simply put, you MUST read this book.  You will not regret it.
B001FB4VXU|5.0|Big Bang Theory is a smart and funny television show making fun of, well, people like me (an aerospace engineer).  I love it because it accurately portrays the quirks of people I see every day.  I highly recommend it for scientists and people frustrated with dealing with them on a daily basis.
B001C4CI8U|5.0|This is one of the best science fiction tv shows ever. X Files was good, this is great. I love the people, especially the Dad...such wonderful acting..all are great actors. Hope they don't take this one off tv...This is SF at it's best.
0307271862|2.0|Not tightly written at all.  Is this a detective thriller or the author's using a captive audience to wax political?  Why was the young boy just killed but not brutally.  What was the connection between the cruel railroad construction foreman in the 1800's and the people killed in Nevada and Sweden.  A long boring read that didn't finish.
B002VKB0M4|5.0|Writer/Director C&eacute;dric Klapisch and lead actor Romain Duris were magic together in the sleeper hit [[ASIN:B0000C9JFO L'Auberge Espagnole (The Spanish Apartment)]] and its lesser known follow-up [[ASIN:B000GBEWP2 Russian Dolls]].  Duris is a favorite of mine of long-standing based on the work of those two films and, more notably, his turn in the outstanding Jacques Audiard thriller [[ASIN:B000B9EYFW The Beat That My Heart Skipped]].  So, 'Paris' seemed like a custom-made movie made specifically for my viewing interests.  And, it delivered.  All that and Juliette Binoche, too.  What's not to love?<br /><br />Klapisch's script interweaves two main story lines and some smaller Parisian vignettes.  It's the Duris/Binoche tale that is the clear winner.  The movie percolates whenever the two of them (portraying brother and sister) are on-screen, either together or in their own storylines.  The second major narrative thread - involving Fabrice Luchini's character's midlife crises and panic attacks - is, at best, less compelling and, at worst, slightly creepy.  Luchini's late-50s history professor hits on his early-20s student (M&eacute;lanie Laurent) via a series of increasingly inappropriate text messages.  Kalpisch makes a misstep here: right at the point that Laurent's Laetitia is convinced she has a stalker, Luchini's Roland is clumsily forced to reveal his hand.  The upshot is an unexpected, offputting consummation of the 'relationship.'  That doesn't feel credible at all.<br /><br />By comparison, the Duris/Binoche tale is fantastic.  The heart of the story is Duris's character's heart.  In short, it's failing.  Time is running short.  Binoche and her young, adorable children move in to help while he hopes a donor comes through.  You'll find yourself counting down the moments for Klapisch to return to their story.  I was especially taken by the scenes of Duris's character (Pierre) watching movies of his earlier self as a Moulin Rouge dancer.  Klapisch and his filmmakers have gone the extra step of making those reels look like older, grainy, amateur footage.  It's a wonderful effect.  Later, Duris and Binoche host a party.  Pierre's ex-fellow dancers attend and we see them in the living room doing the dance steps we saw on the earlier tape.  Little details like this are redolent of the Klapisch touch.a step of making those reels look like older, grainy, amateur footage.  It's a wonderful effect.  Later, Duris and Binoche host a party.  Pierre's ex-fellow dancers attend and we see them in the living room doing the dance steps we saw on the earlier tape.  Little details like this are redolent of the Klapisch touch.
B0030ZOYHC|5.0|Movie - 4.5    Regarded as one of the more notable franchises in anime, Neon Genesis Evangelion is something of an oddity. It's essentially a shounen (as in geared towards a young demographic, check Wikipedia for a more thorough definition) and mecha (giant robot) series, but at the same time possesses a plethora of other complexities: Freudian psychoanalysis, a heck of a lotta' melodrama, fan service (again, check Wiki if you're unfamiliar with the term), allusions to Christianity, bits of comedy, and a lot of convoluted plot twists. And with that said, it can be difficult to stomach for those who don't know the series or just aren't used to the over-exaggerated nature of anime in general. Evangelion 1.11 is basically part 1 of a quadrilogy that's a \\"rebuild\\" of the series that initially aired in 1995. It took the original story (in this case, condensing the first 6 episodes) and key animation, made a bunch of tweaks with cleanup and CG, and ultimately gave us this first chunk of the overall revision. From my own experience with the series (albeit 7 or 8 years ago), I actually enjoyed it quite a bit. Having spent such a long hiatus from this franchise and from anime in general the last couple of years it was a pleasant surprise for me to rediscover part of what made anime so enjoyable in the first place (being all those complexities I mentioned above), not to mention comparing the astounding amount of new art and animation quality to my old DVDs of the series. The only drawback I would say 1.11 has, though, is a lack of character development, which I believe will make it extremely difficult for newcomers to understand, at least until all 4 movies can be viewed consecutively. But aside from that, the pacing is much, much faster with a good majority of it being in the Eva battles, and beautifully animated to boot.    Video - 5.0    Presented by FUNimation using the MPEG-4 AVC codec at an original aspect of 1.85:1 (framed at 1.78), I'm glad to see FUNi finally jumpedoff their recent trend of upscaling all their anime and actually getting their hands on an HD master. Evangelion 1.11 looks absolutely stunning, not just in comparison to its serial counterpart, but as a standalone piece of animation. The cleanup effort they made on the original art and new integration of CG and cel animation meld together perfectly. Colors are rich and vibrant from the cityscape of Tokyo-3 and its green mountains to the inside of NERV headquarters and all the black murkiness that accompanies one of the underlying themes of the franchise. Line detail never looked sharper, giving a great amount of dimensionality to the characters, Evas, Angels, and backgrounds. Contrast is also never too bright, resulting in a very pleasing look to the overall picture. There may have been just a tiny bit of color banding on a few quick scenes, but I'm just too happy they got off their butts and actually made a real transfer with a real HD master in the first place. Fans of the series will be pleased.    Audio - 5.0    Also of great notoriety is the fact of FUNi adding a lossless Japanese track to their package, breaking the other recent trend of lossless dub / lossy JP presentations. The TrueHD 6.1 track sounds fantastic with lots of separation and immersion from the front, side, and rear speakers. I have a 7.1 setup, but was amazed at the clarity and directionality of the com announcements during the action sequences. You'd literally see the person on-screen talking, and then hear someone else in the back corner of your room, and then another person on the opposite side, and then hear several other voices simultaneously. Side surrounds get a good workout as well, even in the most subtle of moments like traveling down an elevator, hearing a railway train pass by, or the infamous sound of summer cicadas. LFE output is also very potent, though never too overwhelming, and compliments the action very nicely. The only thing that may detract viewers is the \\"tinny-ness\\" ofthe voice acting. When things get dead quiet, it tends to reveal that digital ringing or whatever that results from recorded voicing, but it's only a problem if the volume's too high (like I had mine...). Dialogue and music are also very well-channeled through their respective speakers and suffer no levels of dropout or distortion. This is reference material if you ever want to showcase anime.    Extras - 3.0    1.11 comes with a graphics progression bit, a bunch of theatrical trailers for the movie, and a bunch of other trailers for FUNi's upcoming releases. None of these are too great, aside from the Darker Than Black trailer, which I really hope will get just treatment for its eventual BD release. But what really got me was the little booklet that came with the movie. Not only does it textually fill in the gaps of the graphics progression feature, it also explains a lot of the general terminology used in the animation process and gives a little insight on how and why they did so. If anything, I'm just severely disappointed that there weren't any interviews with the creators and producers explaining the changes they made or their intentions with doing this rebuild in the first place. Perhaps they'll include them in spurts on future releases of the other movies?    Overall 4.5    As much acclaim as the Evangelion franchise has received or as much hype people have given it in the last 15 years, it's probably safe to say it still remains a title of much [whatever] you wanna' push on it. Fans who know and applaud all the subtleties and complexities of the series will enjoy this a great deal, if not for a second round of storytelling, then at least for the rebuild effort in the overall art and animation quality. FUNimation presents Evangelion 1.11 with an admirable effort (finally) giving consumers an actual HD experience in both video and audio quality. While the extras are a bit sparse, don't let that stop you from at least checking this out. If you're not really into anime or don't know the series too well, then you may want to just give it a rent until all 4 films are available to watch at the same time. Highly recommended for fans, though.
0440241901|4.0|I chose this book because of the reviews, typically how I choose all my books.  It was a slow start but then picked up.  I was really concerned that it was another Bridget Jones' diary but it's not.  The girl actually learns to speak up for herself.  I get so aggravated when reading a book and the person isn't speaking up for themselves.  I promise I don't yell at movie screens to tell the people to \\"watch out\\" but I want to yell at book characters at times.    Jack sound adorable once you get past his secretness.  Kudos to Sophie.  I just bought two more of her books.  Hope they can keep up with Emma.
B001IF5YLQ|5.0|This adapter worked as described to hook my Macbook Pro to my Panasonic Plasma screen
B0034JKZ86|1.0|This movie is filled with some seriously dark themes and should be rated PG.  I bought this hoping to show my daughter another \\"tinkerbell\\" movie on being true to oneself and strong and instead desperately want my money back and Disney to feel utterly ashamed that they put this out there.  The stereotypes are ugly and so very politically incorrect that I have a hard time even watching it or listening to the voices.  Yes, some of the music is good, but the story is vacuous, the images nothing fabulous, and the voodoo darkness and death/blood are just nasty.  There was nothing about this on the previews or the box and now I know why.  Had I read there was voodoo involved or that is was so campy, I would never have bought it.  Disney should be ashamed and I am happy to hear that this movie has made them suffer a bit.  I am however, shocked that groups have not been up in arms for the portrayals of whites, African Americans, people from the South, residents of Louisiana.  Shun this movie!
1439153663|4.0|the book was good reading to say the least,i thought the issue with the school teacher and the boy should have been discussed  more within the last 2 chapters, also it would have been good to know more about what happen to the son with the eye problem.  Other wise it was good reading
B000EQH2QK|3.0|I like this CD especially the song \\"Hips don't lie.\\"  That's mainly why I bought it but the other songs are also good.  I would suggest owning this CD.
B0024RID6U|5.0|I'm not the biggest Rolling Stones fan in the world, but I must say that Tattoo You is their best work, and is a must-have for anyone who enjoys good rock & roll. Some of the tracks from this album were recorded years earlier (such as Waiting on a Friend, in 1973), and still fit nicely into the lineup. While the classic Stones songs of the 60's are great and nostalgic, this collection can hold its own, as well. START ME UP became an almost instant classic, and has landed in the same ranks as any of their early stuff. However, there are so many other great tunes on this one. HANG FIRE is another classic, as is WAITING ON A FRIEND. The album is pretty diversified with tracks such as BLACK LIMOUSINE, WORRIED ABOUT YOU (my favorite on this album), TOPS, and HEAVEN. HEAVEN is the most unique-sounding song on the album, as Mick seems to be singing into a jar, or something. In my opinion, this album is their last great piece of work. Tattoo You has an abundance of catchy melodies, harmonicas, and overall depth that makes it one of their greatest albums, as well as one of the greatest albums in rock & roll history. I enjoy having this album on in the background when I'm cleaning the house, or shooting pool. 9.5/10
0307704513|5.0|If you are an avid 37 Signals fan this book takes everything they have already inspired you with and puts it in one neat, short and to the point package. Not only does it give you a chance to re-cap all those perls of wisdom... but you can let a friend/colleague/boss borrow it. The more people that \\"get it\\" (as in the content/ideas) the better our business lives will be.    This book deserves a place on your bookshelf (or better yet on your desk or in your hands!)
B002UXRGM0|5.0|BBC Video will be bringing four versions of Life to market.  The original UK broadcast version narrated by David Attenborough will be available on DVD and Blu-ray.  Similarly the Discovery version narrated by Oprah Winfrey will be available on both DVD and on Blu-ray.  Each version has its own key art and clearly mentions the narrator on the front and back.  Both contain loads of never-before-seen sequences and amazing photography and music and are organized along the same lines.  We felt that in our networked world, there was no point in our trying to pick a single version for this marketplace.  Instead we're giving every consumer the opportunity to own the version they want.    Thanks!
B00000HZFP|5.0|I love the film.. love the soundtrack.  The soundrack really makes the film.  (I have never seen the show- just the film of the same name.)  The film is really funny in parts.. sad in others.  I just really love it!  Have seen the film several times, but did not have the soundtrack until now.  (I know that this is the off-broadway show soundtrack- is pretty much same thing as film, with just very small differences.)  I could've purchases the movie soundtrack, but really like the Wicked Little Town show version A LOT- better than film version.  I've heard the show version on a streaming music site.  Wicked Little Town is my favorite song of the film.  There are 2 different versions of this song (probably because it is just so awesome).  There is Hedwig's version, and then Tommy Gnosis' version- I am partial to Hedwig's version.  It may even be my favorite song ever.  That very last scene of the film (where Tommy is singing Wicked Little Town) is very sad and made me cry the first few times I saw it.  AWESOME!!!!  I was excited to find out that David Bowie actually co-produced the Los Angeles production of the show..  I have been a Bowie fan since I was 12 yrs old.  This is a great soundtrack for Bowie Fans such as myself.  Very gram rock-ish.  =+)
B002VPE1B6|5.0|It is the correct aspect ratio and this Blu Ray is worth the money. The original framing for 3D is 1 : 1.78, which works better for 3D. It has more vertical room for 3D effects. A perfect example of this comes early when we see the curved display of the flight controller as the camera moves past it. In 1 : 1.78, we see the whole screen protruding,  top to bottom. Cropped to Panavision, it protrudes but the top of the display is gone. Apply this to every shot that has a foreground object beyond the screen plane, and you see how much more realistic it becomes. The widescreen version is a compromise of the original, for theaters that have only the Panavision screen to work with. Size was chosen over accuracy.    As for this edition, with no 'extras', it is being done as a \\"Superbit\\". By eliminating extras more bitspace is available, and the more space the movie takes on the disc the higher the quality of the picture and sound can be. Even at 50 Gigs, a Blu Ray can't come close to the smallest file size of Avatar which is at minimum 250 Gigs for 4k projection. This will be one of the best Blu Rays yet, for picture and sound quality.
B00005Y6YB|5.0|Great movie. Purchased for my Dad. Big Western fan. I remember watching this series as a child. Good actors, great story.
B002N5N5LG|5.0|I feel a little like I'm cheating, writing a review 19/25 episodes through the season. However, I can strongly recommend Season 1 of Community to anyone who enjoys comedy. The show utilizes a talented cast - not just Joel McHale and Alison Brie, but everyone - for a fun mix of subtle and over-the-top humor. Although it took an episode or two to get up and running, once the writers had a chance to introduce the characters Community's been consistently funny ever since. I laughed more at \\"Introduction to Statistics\\" and the past several post-Olympics episodes than anything since The Norm Show.<br /><br />Community doesn't merely get the easy jokes right, either; the writers and actors do an impressive job with some fairly subversive jokes about race, sex, etc. On top of all that, Community manages to be an upbeat show, which is a pleasant change of pace from stuff like It's Always Sunny... (which I also enjoy). I wouldn't go so far as to say it \\"makes you think,\\" but Season 1 has been a joy to laugh along with!
B000NY12LO|5.0|A thought provoking and deeply moving novel.  Bullying is epidemic in this country and Jodi Picoult addresses the issue with remarkable storytelling.  This is one novel I will not forget.
B0017ZB8M6|4.0|This was a great CD.  I bought it for two songs but after listening to the entire cd, I like it.
0785134352|5.0|Kick-ass is one of the most fun stories I've read in a long long long time.  It's fast paced, unapologetic and important in terms of comics these days.  Like everyone else, I felt the breath of fresh air that came with Kick-ass.  That freshness comes from its reality based anti-format context.  It basically puts you in the shoes of the character and gives references to other marvel characters as they are in stories.  By that I mean Kick-Ass stands as its own story outside of all the comic universes, and it is closest to our current world as you get.<br /><br />Everyone is complaining about the dramatic gore and shock vale in this book.  Seriously?  It's no worse than Sin City, Walking Dead, or most Punisher comics.  There's nothing to worry about.  So a little girl curses, yea yea.  Mark Millar isn't an advisor on parenting.  He is a Grade A storyteller with a taste for the violent and lude.  If you can't stand a drawn child being a foulmouthed assassin, then I suggest you read the Sunday funnies.  Kick-Ass is really nothing so notable on that front.<br /><br />You'll love it, I can't see why you wouldn't.  It has twists that make Kirkman scratch his head, and dialogue that triumphs over all Millar's previous work.  I really can't understand the negative reviews, I'm sorry.  Read it once more and recognize the achievement that Millar has earned for himself.  It's going to make a phenomenal movie, and it's already a classic comic.  Being caught up in the vulgarity of the comic is keeping you from enjoying the piece as a cleverly written genuine hero piece.  Kick-Ass is what it says it is.....KICK-ASS!!
B000SFJWLU|3.0|I got this album after I got the latest one.Like the new one better.This still kicks ass.Worth it to have the bonus tracks too.
0385532458|5.0|After finishing this book, I can honestly say that the last few reviews about it do not give it much credit and that is a real shame. This is a great book of short stories deserving only the highest praise not the petty criticism I have been reading about it. It was written with great depth and intensity. It evokes the deepest of emotions. I have a really hard time understanding why the last reviews have been so negative.<br /><br />I am not generally someone who likes reading short stories but these,by no means, are ordinary short stories. There are seven of them in total and they are about the mostly poor people of a small town in Mississippi. True, they are generally not very happy stories. They are like a series of Greek tragedies about the harshness of life experienced by poor, uneducated southern people from broken families with drug and alcohol problems. The last story \\"Funny Boy\\" had to be the saddest of all. It brought tears to my eyes thinking about how good \\"Christian\\" people treated one of their townspeople who had come home to die from AIDS. They did not even see fit to treat this poor soul or his caregiver as human beings deserving of love and respect.  During this time of Lent, in preparation of the Easter season, I cannot help but think of the lepers that Jesus Christ himself ministered to. They were like the HIV positive individuals of that day. Like the song \\"Whatsoever you do to the least of my brothers that you do unto me.\\" John Grisham powerfully reached in and touched me with this final story--not that the previous six stories were any less masterfully written.<br /><br />No,this is not a collection of happy stories. What I can say about them, however,  is that they are REAL about REAL people and can grip you in ways that you wouldn't think possible.
B001GCUO5M|2.0|I love Martin Scorsese. I have enjoyed almost everyone of his films before this (with the exception of the last half of goodfellas). But this film is just nothing to write home about.<br /><br />The story is about these 2 federal agents that are sent to an insane asylum to investigate the disappearance of an inmate. The longer the two federal agents stay there, the more suspicious they become of the asylum and the directors. The investigation slowly turns from looking for the inmate to trying to figure out the \\"deep dark secret\\" of the asylum.<br /><br />The acting in it is superb. I am not that big of a fan of Decaprio but I have to hand it to him, he does very well in this movie. All other actors were great as well.<br /><br />The story however was just uninteresting and predictable. I fealt that it was about an hour too long and for me at least after about 45 minutes into the movie I figured out the ending (and I'm usually the last person in the theater to figure out an ending before it happens). To me it was cliche and very predictable. For a movie that was billed as something that \\"messes with your head\\" and \\"keeps you guessing\\", it certainly didn't. After about an hour and a half I found myself checking my watch. I never do that in even the just \\"ok\\" movies I go to.<br /><br />This movie definitely had the Scorsese feel but just didn't have the usual Scorsese depth and interest. Overall...maybe worth a rental.
1400052173|5.0|I have been on the go and I am currently about half way through the book, and can't wait to get back to it. It is sooooo interesting and revealing of how she was exploited. A true depiction of what and how the medical world had gone over and beyond their boundaries as professionals. But at the same time you have to wonder had they not, would they had made the discoveries we take for granted today.    Very Interesting and highly recommended!
0061914177|4.0|I liked the book pretty well. It wasn't new for me in most cases, but, was short and to the point.     Appendix A was a good two page read and I will use it. While I will tweak it for me, it is a pretty great summary of a good way to attack.     [...].
B002HWRYJE|3.0|The special effects are a strong point of the movie and they do their best to not let up on the action.  I give this part a 5 star.  Watching even the opening sequence of the battle with the USS Kelvin and seeing the startship unleash all that firepower was a plus.  It definitely wasn't old series with a pair of phaser beams.<br /><br />The acting gets a three star from me.  I liked the \\"chip on his shoulder\\" Kirk.  He was suitably brash.  Spock alternated between being a wooden puppet and then a drama queen.  It's like they tried to do too much with his character over the course of the movie.  McCoy was a hoot, probably the most true to the original character.  Sulu, Chekov, and Scotty were underutilized and mostly window dressing.  Uhura was portrayed well.<br /><br />The plot gets a whopping 2 stars.  Along the lines of Independence Day and stories along the same line, you should just watch the movie and not try to think too much about it.  A time traveling divergent reboot opens up a whole can of worms.  It's easy to see why they chose the deleted scenes for deletion.  They would have made the plot even<br />more difficult to stomach.<br /><br />The screenwriters went out of their way to ensure that all the main characters were \\"special.\\"  Things like Chekov leaving the bridge to run down to the transporter room when there is an enemy ship right in front of them or the rapid promotion of Kirk, Spock, and everyone else from cadets to command staff.  (I believe he had the con at that time.)  I won't go into all the major plot spoilers and plot holes, I'm sure you could go to the 1 and 2 star reviews for that, but suffice to say there are many.<br /><br />On the positive side, it is uptempo and doesn't stop the action so someone can monologue about the morality of thier predicament.  The director just keeps the action rolling.<br /><br />So, if you're looking for a roller coaster ride with lots of things blowing up and everyone jockeying to get in everyone else's face, you'll enjoy the movie.  If you want a deep plot go elsewhere.a deep plot go elsewhere.
B0018J48QO|5.0|I've had great luck with Video on Demand and I think Dexter is one of the greatest series ever done on television. Can't wait for season 4 to be available. It's a bargain compared with a cable subscription.
B001AQT11M|5.0|The movie came in quickly and in perfect condition. We have enjoyed many hours of fun watching and singing with the movie!
0920668372|5.0|I absolutely love this book.  I buy them for all of my friends and family who are expecting or have just had a baby.  Warning: It will make an expecting mother cry!  But only because it is a very touching and beautiful book!  Happy Reading everyone!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I have not seen any DVD version of this film but have seen the theater version in 3-D three different times (once on IMAX screen, which did not add that much to the movie).   At the end of the movie the first time I viewed it, the audience actually clapped their hands (something that I had not witnessed in any movie for several years).  But, the images from Avatar were that extraordinary.  It is eye candy for senses and well worth the money spent.  As I said, I saw it three times with three different people and was anxious to see it every time.  In fact, if anyone asked me today if I wanted to go again I would gladly attend.  I have not seen this movie in 2-D so I do not know how it will translate into a DVD.      The plot (good guys against bad guys - in this case the bad guys are human) has been done so many times before.  A lot of the characteristics of the good guys seemed to be replicated from American Indians and the human military personnel versus the scientific personnel was somewhat of a cliche.  One factor of the movie that should be well received with today's economic problems is the depiction of the big corporation's willingness to sacrifice whatever in order to realize profit. What makes this movie great is the magnificent scenes - floating mountains, the flying episodes, the vivid colors.  This may sound like more of a travelogue but there is enough story (including a love story and incredible battle scenes)to make this a very entertaining film.     I am not sure that I would be satisfied with a 2-D DVD version of the movie but I would be afraid of a 3-D version based on current DVD technology - I am not inclined to purchase a 3-D TV due to current cost, limited programing and the potential problems associated with a new product.  With that said, I will most likely purchase the DVD (now or in the future) in order to revisit this tremendous film.
1401923119|5.0|This book tells us how to deal with daily problems.  It is an excellent book for a gift to a friend.
B000068VHQ|5.0|Hard to believe I've been listening to this album for almost 10 years.  Like all of their work, there is a beautiful, haunting quality about it that truly makes their work timeless!  \\"Zombie\\" is a classic!
0446691437|5.0|Every artist should read this book. It really changed my perspective on my work and it's value to the community as a whole. I'm going to give this as a gift to all my artist friends this year.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|This movie is a true Epic! It is visually beautiful, has awesome special effects, and intense battle sequences. In the year 2154, a corporation is mining Pandora for unobtanium. A small group of marines and soldiers are brought in as mercenaries. Jake Sully is a paralyzed marine who volunteers for the Avatar Program. An Avatar is a body that is a mix of human and Na'vi DNA. The Na'vi are the blue species that inhabit Pandora. Jake offers to earn their trust as an Avatar so the military can get closer to what they need. When Jake meets Neytiri and learn their ways of survival, he soon wants to help them and stop the humans from destroying Pandora. I highly recommend AVATAR!!!
B00005JMXX|5.0|If a good disaster film is your thing then \\"The Day After Tomorrow\\" will satisfy your thirst. Filmed with the latest special effects possible, \\"The Day After Tomorrow\\" deals with the problems of global warming and its effect on the planet. Places that never get snow suddenly become frozen with blizzards and ice, and places that are never hit with tornadoes are suddenly destroyed by the wrath of nature's wind and destruction. Starring Dennis Quaid and Jake Gyllenhaal, the true stars of this epic are the jaw-dropping special effects: the film looks so real one has to remind themself they are only watching a movie. Sure 1970's disaster movies like \\"Earthquake\\" and \\"The Towering Inferno\\" are fun to watch, but thanks to modern technology movie makers can make the most simplest form of storytelling into a real, and sometimes, freightening experience. The DVD comes with a slew of bonuses including audio commentary and deleted scenes.
B002UZCJ8Y|4.0|This movie was a lot better than I expected. The film takes place in 2017, and everybody uses a remotely-controlled androids called surrogates. Bruce Willis stars as an FBI agent named Tom Greer. Tom is investigating the murder of two people who died when their surrogates were destroyed. How could this happen, and who is doing it? I highly recommend SURROGATES!!!
0811806405|4.0|I also have Alex Willis's book on guitar making, and am using his full size plans and instructions. For some task in Willis's book that I consider are not the best or easiest ways to accomplish, I consult the Guitar Making: Tradition and Technology book to see possible other ways. It is very complete and I'm sure you could build your first guitar based on this book alone, but make sure to check out William Cumpiano's website, as there has been some revisions and a couple incorrect numbers that I'm surprised have not been corrected in print. Also he's developed an easier and better way to join the neck so check that out if this is the only book you plan on purchasing! All in all, aside from the lack of plans, this book is very thorough. So thorough infact that I had to skip the whole first chapter describing woods properties and talking about sandpaper and abrasives. And I thought to myself, 'If you aren't familiar with that type of stuff perhaps you shouldn't be building a guitar!'
B00337KM2S|3.0|This movie isn't great, but it's okay to watch once. It had some pretty funny moments. George Clooney stars as Ryan Bingham, a man who goes around in a plane, firing people. He is forced to team up with a young coworker named Natalie Keener who is pushing a plan to cut costs by having employees stay grounded and fire people over the internet. That's basically it. I'd probably recommend that you go UP IN THE AIR!!!
B002YIHO7I|5.0|Soldier of Love is typical Sade. Sexy and beautiful. I love her sound. Glad she's back making music.
B002WCLG3Y|2.0|OK I have been following HALO and playing it since the initial release. I have read the book, beat all the games and seen all the behind the scenes stuff and backstory content type deals. I had REALLY high hopes for this but was throughly disappointed. One or two of the stories was decent but thats just it, >decent<. Most were very cliche' and they were all pretty short.     Possible spoilers may follow depending on how fast you forget things you read:    One of the video shorts style was to be out of focus, so out of focus that you can't even follow combat mostly and the story was just not entirely fulfilling.     Another was like they were trying to make an episode of Dragonball Z, which don't get me wrong I like Dragonball but thats not the universe that these stories are supposed to be taking place in. I'm sorry but the Spartans aren't supposed to be able to defy gravity or take what appear to be world ending death beams, let alone normal humans! Oh and did I mention the kids in cavemen outfits and that had a pet T-REX?!    In one episode there is talk of a spartan dying on a mission that had taken place by the personnel on a UNSC ship, this makes no sense for several reasons. The foremost being that Spartans are never listed as KIA, only MIA and the fact that there is no way the normal personnel would have any idea of what happened on a mission with a Spartan. This part of my review is nitpicky I know but all the books just illustrated these little facts so much that it was annoying to me.    Now for the last episode, good grief! First off one spartan just goes off on a whim and dies and doesn't even confirm with team leader 117. Sorry but after over a decade of training and discipline do you really think the proclaimed \\"Ultimate Soldier\\" would do anything like that let alone be condoned by a teammate? Then they introduce Dr. Halsey who was supposed to be woman well established in her field when the Spartans didn't even exist yet, she picked them and made them.So why about 15-20years later would she look like a woman in her early 20's at worst? Another point on that is that the Covenant supposedly don't know just how valuable she is, if thats the case then why did the capture her to begin with? To continue on with Dr. Halsey, she seems to be flirty as hell with 117 and uses one of Cortana's signature lines. This episode was just terrible in story line and was worthy of, like most of the other episodes, at most being a Saturday morning cartoon.
1416914307|3.0|In the first two books, City of Bones and City of Ashes, Clary is the main voice of the story. We get to know her pretty well and start to like her. Jace, a much stronger character, is annoying yet endearing.     In City of Glass, Clary fades into the background. The story, although often told from her perspective, does not give any new insights or have her really grow as a character. Teenage insecurities and identity issues seem to be the core.     Perspective jumps from Main Characters Jace and Clary to Secondary Characters Simon, Isabelle and others. Clary seems to be afraid most of the time but overcomes her fears by thinking of what others would think of her being cowardly, especially Jace and Simon. At this point I had hoped she would be motivated by a more powerful sense of self, duty and love instead of insecurity. Instead she just seems to fade into the teenage stereotypical girl who is overly passive and self-conscious. That gets old, very fast.    Jace is just typical in this book. He is super motivated by emotions and he doesn't make choices that really make sense because of it. He loves Clary, but she is off limits, so he pushes her away. Both characters lack strong storylines unless they are on the page together.     There is alot of violence, and like many other readers I was disappointed in the death occurring near the end of the book. The people who knew the person that died did not give any accurate portrayal of grief - although the author seemed to try to justify this with the Shadowhunters not having long lives and knowing any of them could die at any time. Like the horrific graphic description Clary's father tells to Clary on the boat in the previous book, it just didn't make sense to have this particular death. Shock factor seemed to be the only reason for it.    I saw everything coming at least 300 pages before it happened. By the time the main characters figure things out, I felt a little bored reading it. There is good closure in this book but I still feel like I spent too much time reading something that didn't really enlighten, or even entertain me that much. I suppose the \\"have to know how it all ends\\" and the time investment of reading the 2 previous books made me keep turning pages. But it could of been a lot better.    The only character who really grows and inspires is Simon. And he is the reason I gave it 3 stars.
0385341008|5.0|What a fantastic little book!  I couldn't put it down till I had turned the last page.  The writing style in particular was captivating.  It really tugged at the emotions; laughing out loud one moment yet there was sadness at others.  Throughout it all came the stoicism of the ordinary people involved througout this dreadful period of history. The saddest moment of all was when I realised that Mary Ann Shaffer was no longer with us to give us another great book.
1423113497|5.0|I bought the entire series of 5 books for my 11 year old son, after he had seen the \\"Lightning Thief \\" movie which is based on Book 1. He was so into the books that I could hardly stop him from reading. He would stay up late to get in another chapter. I was happy that he was reading longer books without my prompting. Great buy!
B0024FA18K|5.0|This is a very interesting book, writing by a very interesting man. Most people think of Hitler as just a horrid, well, thing really, not a person. But this book shows HIS point of veiw, and while he did do horrid things, he had his own problems. he lived a hard life, struggling for food adn shelter. He wanted to know, be educated. And this often times led to his being secluded, deep in his studies. I think maybe this slowly, but surely, drove him somewhat insane. And he somehow got dragged into goverment (how, I'm not sure as i havent finished it yet). it really lets you see life through his eyes, and while I'm not defending him, he had reasons for his wrongdoings. he was in turmoil his whole life. the book does have its low, boring points, but as a whole it is totally worth reading, very interesting to see Hitler's story through his eyes...
1423101499|5.0|On the recommendation of my 12 year old god-daughter, I bought the whole series of 5 books. My 11 year old son loved them so much that I had to beg him to go to sleep instead of staying up reading. These were the longest books he has voluntarily read so far. Great  choice for preteens.
B002ZTIIXK|5.0|Clearly you buy this if you like Kd..well if that is the case...no  let down..all the best tracks remastered to eprfection...wonderful sound..great album
B002EQA0Y4|1.0|I have purchased more than one DVD of this fine movie; however, each DVD has had terrible picture quality, as confirmed by a couple of other people. I wish other reviewers would also write something about the quality of the disk.
0307463745|4.0|My favorite passage: \\"Evolution doesn't linger on past failures, it's always building upon what worked. So should you.\\" This thought feeds into the idea that \\"improvisation in business is more important planning\\" (guessing based on the past) and was a real eye-opener to me as well. A very insightful and thought-provoking read!
0143038419|4.0|The opening was a wee bit hard to take...get up off the bathroom floor already! - but I stuck with it and realized that even the strongest, most successful individual has moments of utter confusion, vulnerability and angst. And I stopped judging just how dark a pit she found herself in. Her journey (and the book) is essentially her recovery from a spiritual crisis. If you've never had a spiritual crisis, this book is not for you. If you have and you are able to open your heart, pick up this book because, let's face it, how many of us get to heal in Italy, India and Bali on a $200,000 advance for writing a book about it? I found myself thinking she was one lucky woman!    Is the author neurotic and narcissistic? Yes. Does she know it? Yes. In fact, that's part of the journey...she wants to find the divine in herself and heal these habits, behaviors that make her and the men in her life crazy. Hands down, it is the characters, the REAL people who befriend her on this journey that give the memoir it's color and staying power. I cannot imagine a whole book of nothing but Liz Gilbert's musings. She is smart and incredibly serious about spirituality, and by the end of the book I really liked her and was enormously happy for her happiness.    In my opinion, the middle section (India) is the weakest part of the book, and the first (Italy) and last sections (Bali) are the shining stars. Gilbert is a very gifted writer and an enormously honest soul. I very much liked the fact that the details of her marriage were not revealed...I wouldn't be shocked if that was part of her divorce agreement. Frankly, I respect the fact that she left her marriage when she realized she didn't want children (he did) and she wasn't up to the responsibility of being a mother. How much better than bringing children into the world and resenting them?
1416575464|5.0|A great reference for room-to-room design with ideas for making your spaces both colorful, creative and personal. I liked that the approach isn't likely to produce too many generic 'out-of-the-box' rooms for those who take it's lessons to heart! Bravo!!
B002GYVRRI|5.0|If you are a King Crimson fan, then you know that Red is one of their \\"must have\\" albums. But there are many versions of Red available so which one do you choose? The smart choice is this Steven Wilson remaster made especially for the fortieth anniversary of King Crimson's debut. With this reissue you get two discs, the first of which features the original album followed by three bonus tracks that are variations of a couple cuts on the original. The second disc features mostly the same music that can be listened to both in lossless stereo and in digital surround sound. It also contains four excellent mono cuts from a 1974 French broadcast.  Those who buy this version also get a booklet containing pictures, essays, and all pertinent information related to the remaster.  What do I like best? It's really hard to say since I like the entire package from the first note to the last video. It's so intense! If you are a fan who is befuddled by the large number of reissues of Red to appear and have been holding back, this is the one to buy. If you already own another release of this landmark CD, then do your ears a favor and buy this as well. This is the definitive remaster of Red and one that I will be listening to frequently for years to come.
1439102937|1.0|This book gives Chick Lit a bad name.  C'mon now, we all love a beach read, this doesn't qualify because who can read it on the beach or elsewhere?  I just returned from vacation in St. Martens.  I purchased this book at the airport because of Lauren's other works.  However, I simply found it disjointed, boring, ridiculous and not worth my time.  I put it down twice to read other books on the beach.  Then, I took one last stab at it on the flight home - it is so awful.  I put it down to read the SKY MALL magazine cover-to-cover.  IT IS DOPEY.
B00012BSHG|5.0|I have a 4 year old girl and a 6 year old boy and a big husband at least 6'1 250 pounds and on the weekends when school is out in Costa Rica,(not everyone lives close to the beach)this is what they use and they love it. My 2 children are tall for there age and no one every complains that it is small or that daddy should get out because for them it is just perfect.
B002YIHO7I|5.0|I saw a Yahoo blog/article on release of the Album. (I still listen to the previous releases, especially 'Lovers Rock' frequently), and thought \\"has it been that long?\\". Immediately went to Amazon and purchased it. Bottom line: it gets better, more familiar, and sentimental, with every listen.  I won't write a music critics opinion. This will feel like a fresh SADE album/CD upon 1st listen. After 2 or 3, 4 listens? it justs gets better- like all the Sade albums. Pleasant Surprise, really.
0765350386|5.0|Now, I had read one of Brandon Sanderson's books (Elantris) about three years back, and can't say I was very impressed. I didn't really enjoy the novel as much as I thought I would when I bought it. It wasn't bad, by any means. It was entertaining, but it was also average. The characters were nice, but seemed to be, at the end, hardly a changed person as I would have liked them to be; however, Sanderson's world building was superb. I went in to this novel with these sorts of expectations in mind.  I'm happy to say Sanderson improved in every way, shape and form. Elantris was in every way average, but this first installment in the Mistborn trilogy is a cut above your usual Fantasy fare, and a brilliant read.    Mistborn: The Final Empire is about an orphan girl named Vin who discovers her allomatic powers (powers that draw upon metals as a source) after being found by another Misborn man named Kelsier. Her powers and character are soon put to use once Kelsier reveals he is in the middle of starting a revolution against the antagonistic Lord Ruler. Kelsier sets her to the task to infiltrate the noble realms of society disguised as a noble woman, and uses her to gather much-needed information from the higher classes, while Vin discovers more about herself along the way.    Now, as far as the book is concerned, the part that impressed me the most was Sanderson's concept of world building. The Final Empire is a very vividly constructed world, and his allomancy system is unique and interesting--a step above your typical fantasy powers. You'll never find yourself being doubtful or skeptical about the ash-covered world of the Final Empire.    His major characters, unlike in Elantris, are very well made and developed. He does an especially good job with Vin, who we can visibly see change throughout the series, from a suspicious, distrustful girl to a confident woman. Elend, Sazed, and Kelsier are likewise interesting characters, but the title still goes to Vin. His side characters are likable, as well, though not as developed as they could have been. As this is only the first out of three books, however, perhaps some way will be made in that regard.    In closing, I would also recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a well-written Fantasy, as I doubt they'll go away disappointed.
B0000V6SOG|5.0|love this UK release CD- a much more complete collection of tracks from the movie
B002TYZKIM|5.0|So glad that they released this DVD, even though it was only rehearsals.  Truly showed how he was & was totally in control of these concert/performances.  This DVD answered a lot of questions for a lot of people, Plus gave us some closure as well.  He was abused most of his life & never had a childhood. He was very good at performing & nobody could take his place. He was a wonderful man & a wonderful father.  That loved his children, life MUSIC, family, Earth, Trees, Animals and especially HIS true devoted FANS!    Thanks for releasing THIS IS IT ON DVD,   it was very well put together.    Thanks for the memories Michael, you are gone now,   but will NEVER BE FORGOTTEN!  You made a difference here and hope that will continue on.   You always gave, gave & gave.   and all you got was HURT, HURT, AND HURT!  You are finally at peace now.  We will all love & miss you.   Your are Forever In Our Hearts!   YOUR MUSIC & VIDEOS ARE STILL THE BEST & always will be!   Love you Michael!  Thanks to the Jackson Family & AEG for the release of \\"THIS IS IT\\"!\\" REMARKABLE!    Thanks to the Jackson Family for letting the fans be a part of his memorial service.It really gave us closure and was very well done. Thanks Jermaine for all that you are doing for Michael.   All is appreciated!   Jackson Family, So sorry for your loss.   The whole world grieves with you!   When Michael passed on, part of all of us went with him.   And it has almost been a year gone by already &   it just seems like it was yesterday.     THIS IS IT, ISN'T A RENTAL, BUT AS A PURCHASE.    10 GOLDEN STARS! TWO THUMBS UP!  That would have been some concert!  WOW!  GREAT JOB MICHAEL!
B000F8O35U|1.0|DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!!!! I NEVER RECIEVED MY ITEM AND THE SELLER OVER CHARGED ME FOR TWO ITEMS INSTEAD OF JUST ONE. THE SELLER HAS MADE NO ATTEMPT TO FIX THE SITUATION AND I BELIEVE THAT SINCE HE HAS HIS MONEY, HE NEVER WILL. I HAVE SHOPPED ON AMAZON.COM SINCE I WAS IN COLLEGE AND THIS IS THE FIRST TIME THAT I HAVE EVER DELT WITH A SELLER WHO HAS NOT SENT ME MY MERCHANDISE. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER, THEY WILL RIP YOU OFF!!!!
B0028SVXR6|5.0|This band keeps evolving and exploring and getting better with each album*. I'm abig fan of prog-rock since my youth in the 70's with such bands as Pink Floyd, Yes, Rush, Frank Zappa, Jethro Tull among others and I thought the style had died. One day, I typed \\"Camel\\" into an internet radio search engine and wound up discovering Porcupine Tree, Coheed & Cambria, Riverside and ... Mars Volta to name a few. I am dismayed that no FM radio stations play this kind of music anymore, but it's out there for those who look. I would rate \\"Octahedron\\" as the best album yet by one of the most musically talented group of men to plug in guitars. I would love to see them live. These guys are as difficult to copy as FZ, as rocking as the best Rush, and as technically perfect as King Crimson all while being entirely original and true to themselves as they could be.<br />* Ya gotta love dat guest bassist on \\"Comatorium\\".
B002XMGGJM|4.0|I thought the movie was great!!  I would liked to have seen a different ending, even if it had been a special feature.  I agree with a lot of the other reviews, the bad guy should have won in this movie.
B00009V7T2|5.0|A 5-star debut for one of rock's premier art-rock bands. These guys are the real deal. Flea must have believed in them enough to appear on this album. For that reason alone, it is worth buying and hopefully you will enjoy them as much as I did. It will be a classic, like \\"The Yes Album\\",\\"This Was\\", \\"Freak Out\\", \\"Caress of Steel\\" or \\"In The Court Of The Crimson King\\".
B000GIXEIG|1.0|I cannot believe the positive reviews of this peice of crap. Also, I found it really hard to believe that the Grendel in the movie could have been such a threat. The Dane warriors come off as laughable that they cant seem to capture or kill Captain Caveman.Grendel is supposed to be a troll, a supernatual terror that needs a hero like Beowulf to kill. Grendel in this movie made me think of the John Matuszak character in the movie Caveman with Ringo Star. Ridiculous!
B000Z1LOBI|3.0|\\"Demonic\\" is now sandwiched between \\"Low\\" and \\"The Gathering\\", both far superior to this one.  The music fails to really get going on here.  Not really ever bad, but it doesn't have any punch.  Chuck's death metal growl on \\"The Gathering\\" shows much growth and depth.  On here he sounds monotonous and out of place, especially since the music isn't all that heavy.  As a Testament fan I found a handful of songs that I liked and if your a fan then you will likely do the same, overall this was just not that engaging.
B002XMGGK6|4.0|I really like Gerard Butler and Jamie Foxx, but both of them make some dicey choices on occasion when it comes to film roles, so I was hopeful, but skeptical going in. Overall, I thought it was really entertaining and had great momentum, and Butler makes a great Bad Guy. I hate to admit it, but they also got me with the surprise ending, which I completely kicked myself for later--duh! My only issue was with the graphic revenge plan Butler's character plays out, which I felt was a little over-the top.
B001CISHU4|2.0|There is a handful of songs on here that kinda stick out, especially \\"Tattered Banners and Bloody Flags\\" but as a whole this album is quite laughable.  Of course the melody is pleasant and the Viking lyrics are really one of the best parts (or are they?), but this album is pretty mediocre.  It's not to say it even really bad either, and if you like Melodeath then this is going to be a great album for you to get, I'm sure all the Dark Tranquility/In Flames kids are just eating this up.  As a whole I am not all that enthralled by this sub-genre of Death Metal anymore and find myself just completely dis-interested in yet another band doing yet again the same formula rehashed.
B000001FFJ|5.0|This is a great example of Mr. Waits in his earlier years.  Catchy and thoughtful, creepy and original, rampant with themes of the underground and his traditional gravel vocality.  A must-have for fans.  I heard it's part 2 in a three part storyline that includes Swordfishtrombones, Rain Dogs, and Frank's Wild Years.  I haven't listened to the third part yet, but this is a logical step up from swordfishtrombones.  It also stands on its own as one of the most interesting albums I've ever listened to.  I can't explain it anymore.  Preview some of tracks like \\"Singapore\\" \\"Clap Hands\\" \\"Rain Dogs\\" \\"Blind Love\\" or \\"Anywhere I Lay My Head\\"
B000002H2H|4.0|Metallica has become the enemy of the underground metal scene ever since they released the Black Album.  This one is really good, and should not be judged on account of that.  I do prefer both \\"Master of Puppets\\" and \\"...And Justice For All\\" to this one, but this is great.  \\"Fight Fire With Fire\\" is such an underrated song.  \\"Fade To Black\\" is one of the greatest metal ballads ever written.  \\"Creeping Death\\" has one of Metallica's most evil riffs.  \\"For Whom the Bell Tolls\\" is the kind of song that gets your body moving in a synchronized mosh.  I don't listen to this album too much anymore, but it was one of the important early albums that helped me cross-over into the metal world.
B001FB4VZS|4.0|I've got to hand it to the makers of Smallville; season 8 somehow ties together themes and plots from every previous season into one cogent whole.  We see the death of two main characters (one good and one bad), the appearance of another woman interested in Clark (Tess Mercer), the return and departure of two important women (Lana and Kara), and the arrival of Clark's latest nemesis.  Along the way, the show touches on Clark's arrival on earth, his mission on earth, and how he goes about accomplishing this.  But the key theme of this season is the growing relationship between Lois and Clark, wonderfully played by both stars.  And the season begins and ends with a bang, both involving Tess Mercer.  Overall, a great series and worth the money, especially that is now not hard to find the box set for under $25.
B001TH8UUA|5.0|AT THIS PRICE POINT IT CANT BE BEAT FOR 9.8FT GOLD TIPED HDMI WITH WARRANTY...
1423101472|5.0|This was a perfect Ending to a great mind bending constantly intriguing series. I enjoyed this series very much so I could not stop reading until I reached the end of the series. Still hoping this isn't the last adventure of Percy Jackson & the Olympians that Rick Riordan has in store for us.
0385528752|5.0|I read and loved their other book, \\"Made to Stick\\".  Was anxious to read this one.  And just as happy.<br />I get a subscription to Fast Company - which they are regular contributors to.  Most of the examples they use in the book were the topics for their (almost) monthly column in the mag.  Certainly more enjoyable for those hearing the stories/lessons for the first time.  There were plenty of new lessons.  And most of all, I got to see it all complied together and driving towards the same objective.<br />Fantastic book.  Easy read.  Quick insight without being preachy or a 'self-help' book.  Mostly just a great book about general change management.
0810993139|5.0|After reading a plethora of depressing \\"highbrow\\" books about characters who all seem to hate life, don't see the point in anything, and interpret everything around them in an apathetic and cynical way, I decided that my head needed a break from all the gloominess. I took a trip to Barnes & Noble feeling determined to buy something lighthearted, something I would have likely checked out of the library back in elementary school and middle school. With the movie for this book coming out, I didn't even have to walk into the \\"Young Readers\\" section to find it. This thing was stacked in piles on tables spread out through the store.     As I skimmed, I could tell by the big font and all the drawings inside that this was going to be a very quick read with potential to make me laugh, which was just what I needed. So I bought it, and in just three hours I was done with it (and I would've probably gotten done quicker if I hadn't gotten interrupted by a phone call).     \\"Diary of a Wimpy Kid\\" tell the experiences of Greg Heffley during his first year in middle school. As the title states, the book is formatted as a diary, but it is also filled with a ton of amusing drawings that illustrate the situations Greg describes.     Greg is an average boy who likes to play video games and doesn't like sports. His best friend Rowley is a dork, his older brother Rodrick is a jerk, and his younger brother Manny is spoiled and the apparently favorite child of his parents. Although Greg is not a complete geek, he doesn't have much luck in the popularity department at school. He sucks at wrestling because he's so light, he ruins the school play, and basically fails at ever getting what he wants out of a situation.    Another reviewer mentioned that Greg behaves like a bully, but I disagree. There are definitely a lot of parts in the book where Greg is either playing a joke on someone or having fun at someone else's expense, but he is not truly a mean-spirited kid. He's just a young kid (I'massuming he's around 11) who fools around just like a lot of boys. Yes, he made his little brother think he was going to make him eat a spider, yes he scared some kindergartners with worms, yes he wanted to roll a big snowball on a group of boys he didn't like, and yes the only highlight of being a tree in the school play for him was getting to throw apples on an annoying overachiever. This an immature fooling around, not a truly cruel one bullying others. I don't make excuses for bullying at all (I was picked on for my looks in middle school a lot), but the behavior Greg displays is something a normal kid would be able to differentiate from bullying. Also, Greg does not pick on the \\"little guys\\" the way bullies do. Sure, nerds like Fregley get on his nerves, but he doesn't go around calling him names or humiliating him.     In the end of the story, Greg does seem to learn a lesson about treating his friend with more respect, so he does grow up a little bit. This is a very fun read, and something I'd recommend to someone who has a long bus ride or plane flight. If you're also like me and need to take a break from \\"serious literature,\\" this is a good option.
B002YIHO7I|5.0|I have every piece of music Sade has published and felt compelled to buy her new album just to complete the set. I was astonished to hear how beautiful this album is. Haunting, soulful, hip, artistic - just wonderful! I have a hard time saying this but I think this might be her best album ever. Her arrangements cover a full spectrum of motifs and sounds. Her lyrics are deep and meaningful. Her story telling is second to none in this genre. Get a good set of headphones to experience the depth of her sounds - the warmth of the atmosphere she generates with every breath, tone and harmony. She has not lost an ounce of vocal purity and range. She is aural Cabernet - perfecting over time. What a talent! What an album! An oasis in a dessert of rather mundane contemporary pop music. Thank you Sade...
B002C6A6FY|5.0|Received item quickly and as promised.  This is a great movie and the extra features only add to the package.
B0032KNA4I|1.0|I didnt get it, it was too hard to believe for me and parts are predictable. The movie was about a half hour too long as well. I cant recommend this, sorry.
B000005RSW|3.0|What can I say about this cd other than it's just OK. I've been a fan of Man-O-War for easily over 10 yrs so, I've heard just about everything they put out! It's definitly not The Triumph of Steel! Out of the 8 songs they have on this cd, I like 3 of them! The others just didn't do it for me. Thor (The Powerhead), the Oath, and Guyana (Cult of the dammed) were the only songs I enjoyed. The others just seemed like songs they threw together to fill the rest of the album.
B00013M6NK|5.0|I've got this battery that came with my camera, two batteries that I purchased from eBay and one battery that I bought from an online battery dealer. The two batteries from eBay are dead after 18 months or so. The original battery seems to be keeping it's original charge, amazingly. The other battery is OK, but not as good as it was originally (it also gets stuck in the camera). I've had good experiences with after market batteries in the past, but not this time. Thus, I'm buying an OEM replacement.
B002WCLG3O|4.0|I enjoyed the short stories and appreciated the diverse animation that was used. So that's why I give it a 4 out of 5. One thing that my wife pointed out was that I was watching a Microsoft Blu-Ray product on a PlayStation 3. For those who were not aware of it the Xbox 360 had an HD-DVD accessory. [[ASIN:B000JHO4L0 Xbox 360 HD DVD Player]] Unfortunately for them the HD-DVD lost to the Blu-Ray format. We had a good chuckle and were waiting for my PS3 to start smoking.
0393072231|5.0|As someone not very familiar with the subprime mortgage bond market, I found this book informative and yes, entertaining.  Our financial system took a beating which I now understand a bit more.  Lewis also raises concerns about the level of oversight provided by bond rating services and the Fed.  Apparently the stock market is regulated in terms of disclosures because it is thought to be a citizens' market, while the bond market has been allowed to obfuscate what is going on because the assumption has been that it is the province of (better informed) institutional investors.  Lewis puts the lie to this theory.
B0032700PS|5.0|First of all, thanks to Wayne for the recommendation. I think the remaster is an improvement from the DRT version in that it sounds much warmer and has more punch. Although Ray Shulman has not spoken fondly of this album, this brings back wonderful memories for me. Specifically, the tour of 1976. I think Interview conveys the band's energy and tightness from that time.    I had the priviledge of seeing GG many times between '75 and '77, mainly at the Calderone Theater in Hempstead, NY. However, I thought GG was at their peak duing the tour of '76, which featured the Interview album. Although I did see them on 7/3/76 at the Calderone show, which has some live tracks featured on two of the DRT CDs, my favorite show was around the same time in Central Park.
0385504225|4.0|Everyone interested in books seems to feel passionately about Dan Brown, whether love him or hate him.  I rarely feel that passionately about an author.  Dan Brown is no exception.  I enjoy some of his books more than others, and I feel he has some weaknesses as an author as well as some great strengths.  What follows outlines some of those strengths and weakness as put on display in this, his latest novel, The Lost Symbol.<br /><br />Brown's greatest strength as a writer is his ability with the cliffhanger.  He knows how to keep a novel moving forward at breakneck speed.  I ripped through these 500 pages of text in a couple short sittings.  For the bulk of the novel I was always interested in what was coming next.  He also needs to be credited with creating a good lead character in Robert Langdon.  The Harvard symbologist as leading man is credible and interesting, for all that he and his profession is invented.  Finally, he always manages to create the weirdest antagonists--in this case, a tattooed Mason-hater--which, though their skills at murder always seem rather idealized, are fun in novels of this type.<br /><br />On the other hand, Brown's biggest weakness is that the payoff at the end of his novels is usually not worth the effort it takes to get there.  The ridiculous helicopter-crashing climax at the end of Angels & Demons leaps to mind.  Here, all the passion expended over this Masonic secret the government is desperate to protect is a complete let-down.  If I had been in Langdon's shoes and knew in advance what everyone was so desperate to protect, I would have shrugged my shoulders and walked away.<br /><br />For me, this book also suffers from another weakness: Masonic intrigues are just not as inherently interesting as the science vs. religion conflict of Angels & Demons and the art study/grail legend redux of The DaVinci Code.  Granted, finding a really fascinating topic for this type of novel must be a challenge, but Brown is not quite up to the challenge here.<br /><br />Still, the road to the conclusion has it pleasures.  Most pseudo-intellectual thrillers are plodding affairs that are a slog to the uninteresting conclusion.  Despite their disappointments, I have never found Brown's novels to be boring.  This novel is no exception in that regard.he road to the conclusion has it pleasures.  Most pseudo-intellectual thrillers are plodding affairs that are a slog to the uninteresting conclusion.  Despite their disappointments, I have never found Brown's novels to be boring.  This novel is no exception in that regard.
B0007MVXQG|2.0|The first thing wrong with this album is not that they are all long past their prime and writing stale music, it is the atrocious digitized guitar sound.  For one it makes the speakers crackle and two it sounds way too fake and processed.  My theory is that this really obnoxious guitar sound is there to distract you from the inevitable realization that this is an uninspired and dull affair.  There were times during a couple songs where I felt that magic coming together but in the end all I wanted to do was wash the taste of this out of my mouth with some Hell Bent Leather.  This isn't really that different from what Halford has been doing on his solo albums either, which are far superior.  And by the way, \\"Lochness\\" has one of the worst sounding putrid intros ever.
B002WY65VU|5.0|What a fun movie this is, very entertaining, but a bit short. Zombies are little pukes. \\"Time to nut up or shut up\\" 5 Twinkies!
B0000634EV|4.0|There is a lot of really strong material on here, it may not be as good as \\"Nola\\" but you can't deny this one.  \\"Ghost Along the Mississippi\\" has one of the coolest opening riffs ever.  \\"Landing on the Mountains of Meggido\\" is a quiet and haunting piece.  \\"Beautifully Depressed\\" may just be the real gem on here.  There is some filler and I think because the album has such a long running time that some extra material could have been left off.  Don't expect \\"Nola\\", this is it's own album.  I was however highly pleased with this purchase.
B001V7YWTQ|3.0|uneven concert from 2 beautiful musicians, great to complete the Eric Clapton's collection but not to be over played on the CD player. everybody has good days and bad days, it was just not the magical night.
B000063DHL|4.0|This album is in the same classic vein as the previous three.  \\"Stranger In a Strange Land\\" has somehow become one of my favorite Iron Maiden tunes over the years.  \\"Alexander the Great\\" is an awesome piece, and I love how they were always able to tie history into their songs so seamlessly.  \\"Wasted Years\\" is an amazing made for radio song that stands tall right next to \\"Flight of Icarus\\" in the category.  The opener \\"Caught Somewhere in Time\\" is another classic.  On the negative side \\"Heaven Can Wait\\" has one of those when is this freaking chorus gonna end type of things Iron Maiden sometimes does.  Some of the lyrics like \\"Deja-Vu\\" and \\"Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner\\" are extremely cheesy as well.  Overall this is a very strong record that continued in the greatness of the ones that preceded it.
B002UNMW7O|1.0|Wow! I think this just cracked my top 5 worst movies of all time.  Right up there with Last Action Hero.  Terrible!!!  I couldn't even finish watching.  I loved the first one though.  Wow just wow.
B0006A9FKA|5.0|BRILLIANT MOVIE!!! Definately one of my favorites! Perfect for the horror movie fan, comedy fan, oddball romantic comedy fan and the british humor fan and eveyone else!
B000784WMW|5.0|I've seen this version many many times, and it still is my favorite after watching other versions. Lots of people say that it's outdated, but I don't care because acting and dialogue is great. When I read the book in my mind I see Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton. I don't want to repeat what others already said before me; thus, if you're a big Jane Eyre fan, watch and compare all the versions out there and enjoy it. If you've never read the book or seen other versions, start with this one.   p.s. I also think that this version has the scariest madwoman with the eeriest laugh.
B001DD63UO|5.0|This DVD is excellent. I recommend this video because the music and performance by Pink and her crew are great. ITs quite a show to see. My friends and I really enjoyed it! My favorites were Babe I'm Gonna Leave You, Crazy, Glitter in the Air, Lets get this Party Started, Fun House and all the trapeze bungie jumping, Pink singing upside down while hanging from the silks. What a great performer! Great performance, quite unbeleivable.
B001FB4W0C|4.0|Nice lead up to a final cliffhanger unlike anything I have seen before.  I wonder how the writers are going to write their way out of this?  Good character development and interesting twists.
1423107233|5.0|With the all digital whiz-bang flooding into movie theaters people can be excused for forgetting - or maybe never knowing - about the role that plain old fashioned drawing has played in the history of animation. It's a point of fact that it is virtually impossible to create as spontaneous and genuine a line with a computer as a talented artist can draw with a pencil. \\"Story\\" from the Walt Disney Animation Studios Archive series is a chronological sampling of storyboard frames from the earliest days of Hyperion Studios to the present. The producers of the book have done a great service to anyone interested in cartoon drawing, storyboarding, or story telling by faithfully capturing the subtleties, nuances and freshness of the animator's original drawings. While not specifically meant as a \\"teaching\\" book, \\"Story\\" is as good a guide to successful cartoon drawing as any \\"how to\\" book currently on the market.
B0039UTDFG|1.0|What the heck is Discovery thinking about when they decided to use freakin' Oprah to narrate this series??  She is so overrated and so annoying.  I refuse to watch this series on Discovery Channel just for that fact alone and I will be purchasing the David Attenborough narrated version on Blu Ray when it is released.  He is the BEST at doing these documentaries and Oprah is just blah...blah...blah...boring!
0393072231|5.0|Michael Lewis does a terrific job of explaining the esoteric world of sub prime mortgages, collateralized debt obligations and credit default swaps and provides a very accessible understanding of the near melt down of the financial system.  The book is also highly entertaining with a cast of characters that will play well in the movie version.
0375759174|4.0|Jane Austen is the queen of subtle satire, and in Northanger Abbey she turns a sardonic eye toward the Gothic novels that are beloved by the protagonist, Catherine Morland, while also weaving a critical view of social conventions and women's roles.  This is as riveting as her other works, with the addition of some laugh out loud moments as Catherine explores the \\"secrets\\" of Northanger Abbey with a foreboding instilled by her reading habits.      There is spookiness, family drama, thwarted love, betrayal, deception and manipulation, as well as the sense that integrity and goodness will win the day as they usually do in Austen's works.  This is another unforgettable classic.
B001HN694K|5.0|Tim Burton has created an interesting work of art that plays on Lewis Carroll's \\"Alice\\" but this is not the children's story in continuo unless the children are made of sterner stuff. We must determine the outcomes of our own dreams if we are going to be true to ourselves. If we do not become the hero of our own dream we can't be our own hero in life either. I suppose. An odd feeling when the movie ended - you feel almost as if there is an emotional let down in finding yourself back in the real world. Does everyone feel this? What causes it? Are we able to reach an emotional high similar to a drug high because of the way the music and cinematography act on us? And when it ends the body goes back to stasis. How can everyday life compete with this?
B002UD56I6|5.0|Though I will miss him making any new great music, I will watch this movie over and over.  He is and always will be the KING!!! I will Cherish my memories of MJ thru this movie and soundtrack..
B000002UA5|1.0|I have every other Floyd except for Atom Heart Mother, and this is the only one that truly sucks.  One disc is studio & the other is live.  The studio has almost nothing you'd call music.  There's just noises & faint drums on occasion with something that's supposed to be musical now & then.   The second disc is definitely music, but it's live stuff from the previous albums that you can just barely tell is live.  So you might as well listen to the studio stuff.  I've tried eight times to be open-minded about this album, but it doesn't matter.  I've put this on as background while I'm cleaning up around the house, & I never hear anything interesting.    It's hard for me to believe that this was allowed to be released.  Please buy used only.
B002XMGGJM|5.0|Great Movie!!! Had me on the edge of my seat. Very creative, and I recomend this movie to anyone that likes action, suspence and thrills.
B002OEBMN4|4.0|it's time slayer fans realize this is the bands second attempt at trying to relive the glory days of reign in blood, considering the music is thrashmetal-clothed ramones inspired punk-rock. yes it is a damn good record if you're slaytanically obsessed or a die-hard old-school punker! i have a feeling this might be slayers second to or literally last album,it's not their fastest to date, G.H.U.A. is.  i should know, i love slayer, dearly, but i cannot tell a lie!!  i ask all with just a little doubt to think a bit before buying this one,listen to it first,then decide for yourself. i already own a copy of the deluxe editon with the 20min.animated movie dvd attached.
B002PLALCO|5.0|Filmed in Australia in July 2009 this is a fantastic concert DVD and at almost 2 hours in length, theres a ton of material covered here. I've enjoyed Pink's music videos for years and recently saw her perform at the Grammy's on a trapeze. I was so blown away by her upside down, athletic singing that I just had to see more of her live, and thankfully the FUNHOUSE TOUR doesn't disappoint. At times intimate this is a fun, energetic and sexy show with all the major hits performed and some surprising cover-tunes as well.<br /><br />Starting with Pink being lifted through a trap door she enters the Sydney arena center stage then proceeds to hang directly above it while her scratchy, amazing voice belts out the first of her many hits. The theme here is definitely over-the-top Cir De Soleil and Pinks first costume is a revealing ringmaster-esque design while her back up dancers resemble mimes and clowns. The stage is huge, colourful and exciting and Pink and her crew manage to use all of it and then some. As always she looks amazing (who has abs like this?) And because I generally watch music DVD's while I'm on the treadmill I find this to be either motivating or intimidating depending on my day.<br /><br />For 22 songs the Fun (house) never stops even when Pink slows things down for a cozy campfire-ish acoustic set complete with piano and violin. She engages her audience, has the occasional pillow fight, dances, flirts with her sexy guitar player Justin Derrico and performs a sensual, eye-popping, Madonna inspired version of (I Touch Myself) complete with a velvet couch and random wandering hands. Pink never takes herself too seriously though and genuinely appears to be having a good time through several costume changes, great choreographed dance routines, extended versions of her hits and awesome covers from The Divinyls, Led Zeppelin, Queen, and Gnarls Barkley (which I loved)<br /><br />Of course then we have her trapeze work which is spellbinding, physically demanding and a little scary as seen by the faces in the audience. At one point, from 25 feet up after some heavy breathing where you can't help but be aware that she isn't lip-syncing and that she's fearless and just maybe a little crazy, she lets go and falls, her partner catches her and she continues to sing. Wow.<br /><br />Bonus features include \\"On tour with Pink\\"  A behind the scenes look at a day in the life where Pink eats breakfast with husband Cory, does yoga, gets her hair done, has rehearsal, shows us her luggage and complains about how much weight she's gained while on a tour break (just like everyone else)\\"Shredding the Gnar\\" is a short, tongue in cheek, 70's inspired look at Justin Derrico playing super-awesome guitar solos with fast fingers and a tortured face. It's funny. Cheers!<br /><br />Set list;<br />Bad Influence<br />Just like a Pill<br />Who Knew<br />Ave Mary A<br />Don't Let Me Get Me<br />I Touch Myself<br />Please Don't Leave Me<br />U +Ur Hand<br />Leave Me Alone (I'm Lonely)<br />So What<br />Family Portrait<br />I Don't Believe You<br />Crystal Ball<br />Trouble<br />Babe I'm Gunna Leave You<br />Sober<br />Bohemian Rhapsody<br />Funhouse<br />Crazy<br />Get The Party Started<br />Glitter In The Air.en by the faces in the audience. At one point, from 25 feet up after some heavy breathing where you can't help but be aware that she isn't lip-syncing and that she's fearless and just maybe a little crazy, she lets go and falls, her partner catches her and she continues to sing. Wow.    Bonus features include \\"On tour with Pink\\"  A behind the scenes look at a day in the life where Pink eats breakfast with husband Cory, does yoga, gets her hair done, has rehearsal, shows us her luggage and complains about how much weight she's gained while on a tour break (just like everyone else)\\"Shredding the Gnar\\" is a short, tongue in cheek, 70's inspired look at Justin Derrico playing super-awesome guitar solos with fast fingers and a tortured face. It's funny. Cheers!    Set list;  Bad Influence  Just like a Pill  Who Knew  Ave Mary A  Don't Let Me Get Me  I Touch Myself  Please Don't Leave Me  U +Ur Hand  Leave Me Alone (I'm Lonely)  So What  Family Portrait  I Don't Believe You   Crystal Ball  Trouble  Babe I'm Gunna Leave You  Sober  Bohemian Rhapsody  Funhouse   Crazy  Get The Party Started  Glitter In The Air.
B0039UTDA6|5.0|I think Oprah is great and I can't wait to watch this narrated by the one and only Oprah! Wait until all her fans see this. She will have 5 stars all across the board! :)
B00062PN6I|2.0|Bought this for home recording.  I thought I would try it and I'm not very impressed with the overall sound.  Very bassy!  Sounds like I have laptop speakers covering my ears.  I will use it till it breaks though.  For the $15 I spent on it, I got $15 worth of product.
B001FB55H6|5.0|This is the best superhero movie I've seen since The Dark Knight, and that's saying something. Watchmen is surely one of the best superhero movies ever made, and is almost all the way up there with The Dark Knight. The story is great, and it's clear that the actors dedicated themselves to make this movie turn out the way it did.    The video is top quality, as well as the sound. Highly recommended for all you superhero fans out there.
B001LQQJ3E|4.0|Combining its popular Essential Family Television and TV Favorites packs, Mill Creek Entertainment brings you endless hours of viewing. You will have an instant 300 episode library of some of Televisions most legendary stars from your favorite Classic television shows. This set features such legendary shows as The Adventures of Ozzie & Harriet, The Adventures of Robin Hood, Bonanza, The Dick Van Dyke Show, Dragnet, The Jack Benny Program, Mister Ed, One Step Beyond, The Andy Griffith Show, Sea Hunt and many more!<br /><br />Program List:<br /><br />The Adventures of Hiram Holiday (1956) B&W 6 Episodes<br />The Adventures of Long John Silver (1955) B&W 5 Episodes<br />The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet (1952) B&W 26 Episodes<br />The Adventures of Rex & Rinty (1935) B&W 12 Episodes<br />The Adventures of Rin Tin Tin (1934) B&W 6 Episodes<br />The Adventures of Robin Hood (1955) B&W 5 Episodes<br />The Andy Griffith Show (1960) B&W 6 Episodes<br />The Beverly Hillbillies (1962) B&W 6 Episodes<br />The Bob Cummings Show (Love That Bob) (1955) B&W 5 Episodes<br />Bonanza (1959) Color 3 Episodes<br />Boston Blackie (1951) B&W 1 Episode<br />The Buccaneers (1956) B&W 5 Episodes<br />The Buster Keaton Show (1950) B&W 2 Episodes<br />Dangerous Assignment (1949) B&W 7 Episodes<br />The Dennis Day Show (1952) B&W 2 Episodes<br />The Dennis O'Keefe Show (1959) B&W 4 Episodes<br />Dick Tracy (1950) B&W 5 Episodes<br />The Dick Van Dyke Show (1961) B&W 4 Episodes<br />Dragnet (1951) B&W 6 Episodes<br />The Ed Wynn Show (1949) B&W 5 Episodes<br />The Eddie Fisher Show (1957) B&W 1 Episode<br />The Edgar Bergen Show (1950) B&W 1 Episode<br />Flash Gordon (1953) B&W 3 Episodes<br />Four Star Playhouse (1952) B&W 6 Episodes<br />The George Burns and Gracie Allen Show (1950) B&W 6 Episodes<br />The Howdy Doody Show (1947) B&W 1 Episode<br />I Married Joan (1952) B&W 6 Episodes<br />The Jack Benny Program (1950) B&W 16 Episodes<br />The Jim Backus Show (1960) B&W 2 Episodes<br />The Johnny Carson Show (1955) B&W 13 Episodes<br />Lassie (1954) B&W 2 Episodes<br />Lawless Years (1959) B&W 1 Episode<br />The Liberace Show (1952) B&W 4 Episodes<br />The Life of Riley (1953) B&W 2 Episodes<br />Life With Elizabeth (1955) B&W 12 Episodes<br />The Lone Ranger (1949) B&W 6 Episodes<br />The Lucy Show (1962) Color 14 Episodes<br />Make Room For Daddy (1953) B&W 5 Episodes<br />The Mickey Rooney Show (1954) B&W 5 Episodes<br />The Milton Berle Show (1948) B&W 5 Episodes<br />Mister Ed (1961) B&W 1 Episode<br />Mr. and Mrs. North (1952) B&W 8 Episodes<br />One Step Beyond (1952) B&W 3 Episodes<br />Our Miss Brooks (1952) B&W 2 Episodes<br />Petticoat Junction (1963) B&W 6 Episodes<br />The Phil Silvers Special (1953) B&W 1 Episode<br />Private Secretary (1953) B&W 3 Episodes<br />Public Defender (1954) B&W 1 Episode<br />Racket Squad (1950) B&W 6 Episodes<br />The Red Skelton Show (1951) B&W 6 Episodes<br />Richard Diamond: Private Detective (1954) B&W 1 Episode<br />Sea Hunt (1958) B&W 1 Episode<br />Sherlock Holmes (1954) B&W 6 Episodes<br />Sky King (1951) B&W 4 Episodes<br />The Trouble With Father (1950) B&W 12 Episodes<br />Who Do You Trust? (1956) B&W 1 Episode<br />You Bet Your Life (1950) B&W 6 Episodes2) B&W 4 Episodes  The Life of Riley (1953) B&W 2 Episodes  Life With Elizabeth (1955) B&W 12 Episodes  The Lone Ranger (1949) B&W 6 Episodes  The Lucy Show (1962) Color 14 Episodes  Make Room For Daddy (1953) B&W 5 Episodes  The Mickey Rooney Show (1954) B&W 5 Episodes  The Milton Berle Show (1948) B&W 5 Episodes  Mister Ed (1961) B&W 1 Episode  Mr. and Mrs. North (1952) B&W 8 Episodes  One Step Beyond (1952) B&W 3 Episodes  Our Miss Brooks (1952) B&W 2 Episodes  Petticoat Junction (1963) B&W 6 Episodes  The Phil Silvers Special (1953) B&W 1 Episode  Private Secretary (1953) B&W 3 Episodes  Public Defender (1954) B&W 1 Episode  Racket Squad (1950) B&W 6 Episodes  The Red Skelton Show (1951) B&W 6 Episodes  Richard Diamond: Private Detective (1954) B&W 1 Episode  Sea Hunt (1958) B&W 1 Episode  Sherlock Holmes (1954) B&W 6 Episodes  Sky King (1951) B&W 4 Episodes  The Trouble With Father (1950) B&W 12 Episodes  Who Do You Trust? (1956) B&W 1 Episode  You Bet Your Life (1950) B&W 6 Episodes
0307269981|5.0|Cannot wait for the third book of this triology to come out in May.  Very interesting type of mystery that you really don't want to end!  This is the second book.  First is \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tatoo\\".
B0000584V3|4.0|I purchased Blackwater Park by Opeth as a used cd but in perfect condition. The delivery was on time and packaged well for safety protection. This is why i always buy through Amazon. The price was right too.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|I received this as a birthday gift last year, and I still watch it with the the same amount of wonder and amazement that I did the first time. The cinematography is beyond incredible, and I'm constantly wondering how they captured some of the shots. Reading some of the other reviews I realize that I don't have the special features footage, but I'm still rating this set as 5 stars, simply because it IS amazing, fantastic and wonderful, and I don't have to see the special features footage to recognize the talent that went into this production (although it would be nice!).     Also, I love the narrator's voice, the way he seems to be as awed and excited about the subject matter as I am. I do not have any problems hearing him or understanding what he's saying; everything is crisp, clear, and intelligible.     Highly recommend this for nature lovers of all ages!
0439023483|4.0|I loved Hunger Games and Catching fire, but as I dug further into the internet I kept hearing about Battle Royale. A book written by Koushun Takami in 1999. The summary is as follows: \\"A class of junior high school students is taken to a deserted island where, as part of a ruthless authoritarian program , are provided with arms and forced to kill until only one survivor is left standing.     The story line is a bit different with the districts and the lottery but when it comes down to it..the plot is exactly the same= A government enforced program that forces children to kill each other.     I loved the Hunger Games story, but I have to wonder how original the story really is.     Read Battle royal.. or watch it on youtube.. they made a movie.
0446691437|5.0|It is a friendly, easy to read, multifaceted, Getting-Things-Done, spiritual kick-in-the-butt reference book which is totally recommended 4 EVERYONE!<br /><br />I've read many great books (including \\"How to Win Friends and Influence People\\" & \\"Think and Grow Rich\\"), and this one by Steven Pressfield IS one of the most vital breakthrough books ever written! I generally tend to judge a book by its cover, but that definitely wasn't the case with this un-showy masterpiece of creativity inspiration at its absolute, positive finest!<br /><br />BUY it NOW and gratefully read it...It is an absolute bargain!<br /><br />[PS: I do have to mention that this vital publication certainly merits a much more exemplary cover, and I wouldn't have bought it, had it not been highly recommended by (believe it or not) Robert T. Kiyosaki of \\"Rich Dad, Poor Dad\\" fame]
0684171600|5.0|The best edition of Treasure Island on the market. A real shame it's only in print in America, but well worth importing. Solidly bound, on fine paper, with some of the most captivating illustrations in the history of children's literature - and affordable too. A proper heirloom edition.
B0035J6TAI|2.0|If Lloyd Dobler had played Scratch My Back on his boombox, he never would have won Diane back.    As a long time fan of Peter Gabriel dating back to college in the early 1970s, I have to say this album did nothing for me. I've always enjoyed his entire body of work, even the more somber stuff (including Up).  Song after song on Scratch plods ahead relentlessly.  The tracks seemed indinguishable to me.  One extra star for his cover of Waterloo Sunset.
B00005S6K8|5.0|If your looking for a 'light' movie with Harrison Ford. Then this is it. When I was a teen fan, I watched it over and over again. After a surgery or two it was a good relaxation movie.<br /><br />The basics:<br /><br />A teenager grows up.<br /><br />Two brothers one older one younger.<br /><br />Older trying to make the younger grow up.<br /><br />Dad sends teenage daughter to Paris. She begins to get over younger brother.<br /><br />Sometimes obsessions run deep and need a little help from family.<br /><br />(Okay, not the best review. But it was a favorite family movie.)
B0039UTDFG|1.0|I have to agree with almost everyone here. THE voice for nature documentaries belongs to David Attenborough. I saw Oprah's show where she said that after seeing the series, she \\"asked\\" Discovery if she could narrate their version. I guess nobody had the spine (or good judgment) at Discovery to say NO to queen Oprah. She should stick to her forte - daytime TV.<br />Thank you Amazon for making both versions available... I'll be going with the BBC.
0684171600|5.0|This book is one of the \\"Classics\\".  It is a swashbuckling tale, full of incidents/adventures that will enchant a young reader. I purchased it for the N.C. Wyeth illustrations ( I am an artist , a grand niece of Charles Woodbury who founded the Ogunquit School of Art) with which I am very familiar.  Born and raised in Maine, I enjoy ALL the Wyeth works, and own an original N.C Wyeth print.  My husband, now 81 , has a collection of all the books that N.C. Wyeth illustrated which our Grandchildren love to read when visiting us. This volume was a gift to a great-nephew who at 7 years of age is a voracious reader. His Dad is a Pediatrician at Maine Medical and his Mom is a free-lance Editor for Houghton Mifflin.....his Grandmother ( my sister) has a PhD from Harvard and both os us were raised on the classics.  I read \\"Bleak House\\" at 12!!   Wy own grandchildren are great readers, and it is my wish that the youth of today paid more attention to learning ( with book in hand ) and less time \\"text messaging\\", video games . etc. SOMEHOW, we have to find a way to   teach parents that reading skills are the promise of their children's future!
B002KSPKRS|2.0|These headphones provide good sound and have acceptable battery life.  I have a significant problem with intermittent popping.  I'm not talking about crackling sound or hushed pops.  I am talking about ear-breaking pops that have caused me to literally throw the headphones off my head for fear that my eardrums might break.  I am not exaggerating.  There does not seem to be any rhyme or reason for these pops.  I asked Turtle Beach about it and they said that it has to do with interference.  My wireless router is in the same room, so maybe that's the culprit, but don't many people have their routers in the vicinity of their gaming systems?  The most significant problem I had with this product happened when I got to the end of the battery life.  The sound in the headphones went to the max (despite the volume dial being less than half of maximum) with screeching and popping.  I am no doctor, but this was so loud that I am convinced that hearing damaged could have resulted had I not taken the headphones off.  That's unacceptable, particularly at this price point.
B002OEBMN4|1.0|what is it,discontinue item.or is it just thrash.older slayer sounds better to me.I have lost it.
B0001I55OC|4.0|I was very suprised that this movie followed the book so well.  It was a good movie with a pretty good cast.  Could have made a  mini series out of it.  I feel like it was crammed in there and it would have been better with more details and special effects.  But overall a good flick.
1416972242|3.0|City of Ashes is the second book in the Mortal Instruments Trilogy.  I have heard such great things about these books and read great reviews, but I just don't get it.  Maybe I'm missing something, but they're just okay for me.    I still didn't really care about any of the characters, except maybe Jace.  I couldn't connect with, or feel any warmth from Clary.  And this time around, I wasn't too sure that I really liked Simon either.    The plot is interesting for the most part.  There were some definite surprises and twists in the story.  Maybe its just too much action and not enough character for me.  I don't know.    I do know that the story ended on  a cliff hanger and I will be reading the third book soon!
B001GCUER0|5.0|The product was everything that the seller said it would be. It arrived pretty quickly too. I am very satisfied...
1416594787|2.0|Dawkins embarks on another diatribe against all things creationist.  Sadly he avoids the serious arguments of scientific creationists in favour of telling stories that try to make evolution sound plausible.  He spends a whole chapter on the results of dog breeding and similar efforts but never mentions once the main deficiency of the argument. Selective breeding merely reshuffles (and loses some) genetic information that is already present, it does not make novel structures or increase information.  He calls this evolution (it is not) and concludes that 'evolution' is thus demonstrated. He tackles the cambrian explosion in the fossil record but never mentions the main issue which is that vast quantities of new genetic material is suddenly present in the record from nowhere with no conceivable mechanism to account for it.  He also quotes himself regularly including his biomorph computer simulation as a demonstration that natural selection can build complexity. Dawkins has been called to account on this many times in print.... the maths logic is wrong, his program actually demonstrates that blind selection cannot create complexity without a design target.  It is a marker of his dishonesty that he knows the biomorph thing is rubbish and he still uses it to try to persuade.  I think he believes that it is ok to be scientifically dishonest if the theory is thus promoted.  The end justifies the means in his mind.  Try Jonathon Sarfati's response book, 'The Greatest Hoax on Earth' for some scientific insight from someone more balanced in their treatment.
B000AGTPUU|5.0|Trying to find this movie out of season is difficult and to find it at this great price with free S/H is a no-brainer purchase. In fact I went back and bought a second copy.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Best movie idea since \\"Star Wars\\" - gives great hope that weaker beings can make a significant difference if they really try.  Supports the idea that God will support the balance of nature and doesn't take sides - that is, God sees everyone as equals!  Absolutely beautiful presentation and amazing technology!
B001AVCFK6|2.0|The video and audio quality are great, which makes this lens flare/glare orgy completely unwatchable. If you can tolerate the over abundance of pointless and illogical lens flare/glare then you will be fine watching this movie. All bridge scenes are likely to send anyone even remotely susceptible to flashing lights a seizure.
B002S0OBMS|3.0|*SPOILER ALERTS*    I had hopes for this when it was first announced. Then, I learned it was based on Forsythe's novel The Phantom of Manhattan, which I consequently read and hated. My hopes decreased. I was introduced to Phantom via the 2004 movie, and have been a Phan since. I now have since seen the musical twice and read anything and everything I could get on Phantom, not to mention to other versions of the music (Nightwish for example covered the title song).     I opened the CD with minor expectations, and that's about where they remained. The music is sub-par. The songs do not enchant you nor get inside you like the original soundtrack. The story itself is much like the Phandom seen throughout the internet...SPOILER ALERT, Christine finally got with The Phantom, and Raoul is a whiny drunk. The plot is silly and vapid, though the clear love between Christine and the Phantom is touching. The love Christine has for Gustave is nice as well, though not necessarily the feelings you see between mother and son. Meg's part seems tacked on, plus she and Mme. Giry just went insane apparently during the previous ten years. The Phantom is no longer feared but adored by all (in particularly the Girys), and the plot is just rough to get through.    The music isn't all that great, either. The songs are occasionally catchy, but not that memorable. A lot of it sounds like rejected Disney or Repo! The Genetic Opera songs. \\"Till I Hear You Sing\\" gives a little of the same oomph the original Phantom provided, but it is masked by the hideousness of many of the other songs. I personally enjoyed the duet between Raoul and the Phantom \\"Devil Take the Hindmost,\\" but it was not brilliant. The title song is not a duet, which I dislike, and the Christine songs sound forced, not pure like the original. Many of the songs feel as though they are stealing from other works (\\"Beneath a Moonless Sky\\" has nearly the exact same chords and tune as \\"Sally's Song\\" from The Nightmare Before Christmas, \\"Heaven by the Sea\\" is reminiscent of Beauty and the Beast's \\"Be Our Guest\\", and \\"Ah, Christine\\" brings to mind Sweeney Todd's \\"Poor Thing\\" or \\"No Place Like London\\"). The music is pretty enough, but not really original, and the lyrics are painful at times. Worst (or possibly best, depending on your sense of sound and humor) is \\"The Beauty Underneath.\\" The tune is rather catchy (it's the tune I had stuck in my head) and it's not necessarily a bad song...until you realize it's the Phantom singing to Gustave...his son. Gustave's consequent \\"yeeeees\\" at the end of the refrains make this song seem rather homo-erotic, but don't let me turn you against the music before you hear it.    The other issue is the plot. Granted, I read the book, so I knew what was coming...but I knew what was coming before I read it. In a Phantom sequel where Christine has a son that is just like the Phantom himself...it's pretty obvious they are related (especially since Raoul can't seem to stand Gustave). Then the whole Meg sub-plot and the death at the end were just...ridiculous to say the least. There was nothing in the original play that supported this ending...and if you are going by the original novel, the entire sequel is ridiculous.    So three stars seems relatively generous for a CD that disappointed me much in the same fashion as Star Wars: The Phantom Menace disappointed me at age 10 when it was first released.
B001MS7IBS|5.0|As an avid fan of this series, I loved getting the entire first season on Blu-Ray discs.  Shipping, Tracking, notifications couldn't have been better.
B002VPE1AW|3.0|There is no question that James Cameron is a genius. He had a vision that many doubted and he proved everyone wrong. Good for him. However, while visually stunning, the actual plot of Avatar is ridiculously predictable and not that deep. Who could not predict what would happen at the end? Who could not predict who would live and who would die? It was all too easy. For years greater films than this have tried to topple Titanic's reign, and failed miserably. So for a film such as this, with a pretty shallow plotline, and cliche is hell at times, to accomplish the impossible, is just plain astounding. I do not begrudge Cameron's success. He is an extremely talented director-but Avatar happens to be his worst film to date. He spent YEARS working on this film and goodness knows how long to create a script, and the best they could come with is-UNOBTANIUM??? Seriously?     I know it seems like I am bashing this film left and right but that really isn't so. I happened to like Avatar- it is perfectly watchable, if only for the visual effects and the acting, which is flawless all around. I just don't think that this film is anything super special or fabulous. And watching it in 3D actually didn't help matters. I almost felt the effect seemed underutalized and unecessary at times.     Avatar is a great film visually, but lacks depth and heart, so hopefully Cameron can see to this issue when he makes the sequel(however many years THAT will take).
B002Z7FWBI|5.0|Saw movies when they first came out in theater.  Glad they put them all together.  Very good deal on the price.
B002VPE1B6|3.0|After all the build-up, fantastic sequences and special effects, the climax around the tree was an anticlimax. I could have made it better...
B003274QH6|4.0|So i just have to say i love Breaking Bad.<br /><br />But somehow someone at Sony Home Video must be smoking whatever meth they have on the set, just kidding.<br /><br />but for 7 episodes on blu-ray, $40 list price.  on sale at amazon for $28.  that is too pricey. When these cable networks do their thing and give a new series a shot, i love it, but to charge this much for it?  nutz.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Despite the fairly evenly divided reaction of moviegoers (about half seemed to love the movie, the other half thought it superb on effects but weak on plot), Avatar may have the potential to become one of the most important films of our time.  Its thematic content, the importance of environmental action, is timely without being preachy or too overt. Avatar is set on a faraway planet called Pandora, which is rich in a valuable ore called unobtainium. Because the planet's atmosphere is toxic to humans, scientists have devloped avatars: genetically engineered bodies of the indigenous Na'vi, a blue-skinned, tribal and traditional people, in order to navigate Pandora and secure a diplomatic solution to their corporate desires.  It soon becomes clear that the worldview of the Na'vi -- a love of tradition, nature, and their homeland -- is incompatible with the corporate and industrial greed of the humans, and war breaks out. The genius of the story is that it places the viewer in the emotional context of its hero, Jake Sullivan, who falls in love with the alien culture, whose society and whose interaction with the world around them is more healthy, realistic, and genuine than those of his own race; and from this character-based approach, the defense of nature becomes not a philosophical position to uphold, but rather the only common sense conclusion than any sane person could come to.  The war that ensues is between two species, but it is also between two ideologies, which are currently struggling against each other within humanity's current affairs. When Miles Quaritch, a human colonel, claims that Jake has betrayed his race by siding with the Na'vi, it is clear that this is intended ironically. It is the colonel who has betrayed his race because of the philosophical choices he has made.    Despite the strong and well-presented thematic content, and the stellar imaginative execution of the Na'vi and their planet's natural world, the film does suffer from a few flaws. Themost notable of these is the failure to ground the thematic claims in any objective way. Without some sort of absolute or supernatural basis, there is no room for the sort of objective claims (E.g., \\"Environmental devastation and narrow, greed-feuled imperialism are wrong\\") that Avatar makes. Pandora's native people do have a religious belief system in place, but as it is explained and understood to be merely an expression of the planet's biological connections, it cannot be viewed as anything that transcends nature, and thus it is stuck in the realm of relativity. Without an objective source of knowledge, this relativism makes one unable to really claim, in a logical way, that the humans are in any way less justified in their violence and narrow thinking than the Na'vi and the movie's few human heroes. For this reason, Avatar is not in any way anti-religious; if anything, it depends upon some sort of abstractly assumed religious belief.    Despite this and other related weaknesses, Avatar remains an emotional, visceral, and -- despite humanity's place as villains -- an ultimately human story that has the potential to help change the way we think about our industrialized and technology-dependent civilization. Whether we choose to act in a better way is a different question; but Avatar is at least a beginning. And a quite beautiful and compelling one, at that.
B00006WL2B|4.0|Update: Having lived with this disc for a while, now I can see that this SACD remastering is not as successful as I thought. The SACD for the Karajan 1960s Choral sounds much better to me (equipment now is Esoteric K-03 SACD player, Pass Labs XA100.5 monoblocks, Magnepan 20.7 loudspeakers).<br /><br />I just received this SACD in the mail and I think it is great upgrade from the 1986 Galleria remaster (DG 415 832-2).<br /><br />Played on my new Sony SCD-XA5400ES SACD player, I could hear many more details than I recall on the earlier version of the recording. The SACD offers fuller, punchier sound. The BPO's orchestral colors are more transparent and the whole performance has an electricity running through it that is hard to resist. I specially enjoyed hearing clearly delineated string pizzicatos and every note played by the timpani effortlessly.<br /><br />I highly recommend this update for fans of Karajan's 1977 Choral Symphony interpretation.
037571457X|5.0|This is the first full graphic novel I have ever read, and it happily surprised me. I loved it! Persepolis is full of history, but told from such an interesting perspective that you learn from it and enjoy reading it as well.
B000TTRGUE|5.0|I saw a video on youtube which was a test of this mic. It sounded great! The person test recorded drum overheads, snares, and guitar and it sounded crystal clear. I was amazed but then remembered the Shure SM57 and the Shure SM58, which could record drums. This seems just as good at only 19 bucks, wow! Definatey gonna get one soon.
B0039UTDFG|1.0|Why in the world would you replace the greatest most exciting narrator with Oprah that knows nothing of this subject. Get a CLUE Discovery BBC knows what they are doing stop polluting it. It was perfect leave it alone!!
B002N1AEN2|5.0|I am so glad that I discovered this band and bought their album. It's chilled-out, intelligent, and sexy electro-pop.
B000002L75|5.0|This is the album that started to bring them into the limelight with the top 20 single People are People.  I seen them at a small theatre in Royal Oak Michigan before they were big and Book of Love opened for them(they also opened for them on the Black Celebration tour).<br /><br />Great album, I remember dancing at the clubs to Master and Servant many times.  Every song shines of their futre success.
B000AYQLX6|4.0|The original cover of Walls and Bridges featured a drawing John had done as a child. It wasn't the greatest rock album cover, but there was nothing particularly wrong with it either - and it was presumably John's idea. I cannot for the life of me understand why it's been replaced with this rather silly picture (this is hardly a comedy album, after all). Is this Yoko's idea of revenge for the Lost Weekend or what? Whatever the explanation, it's an appalling decision - and I'm glad nothing of this nature has been attempted with any of the other Lennon albums.
B002XMGGJM|2.0|I have to admit that I had high hopes for this flick. The two main actors, Foxx vs. Butler, in an Epic show down that by the trailers looked \\"Biblical\\" had me excited from my first viewing of the trailer.  After having watched the entire movie, I am left with feelings of confusion and frustration.  I'll attempt to explain with minor spoilers...    The script has huge holes and is confusing.  Like I stated above it's hard to discern who the Hero is supposed to be. Foxx is an egotistical lawyer who cannot stand to lose.  He will cut deals where deals shouldn't be cut just to get the untarnished record. (Some justice is better than none). There is a scene where his daughter views a disturbing video that would obviously traumatize an adult, yet the whole scene is dropped as Foxx's character ignores his family and focuses solely on Gerard's character as he proclaims to Gerard's character that many have tried to outsmart him and have failed.  The movie tries to portray him as sympathetic and you can see that Foxx is putting a conflicted expression on his face.  However the fact that he ignores his family completely and cannot lose is unacceptable.    Gerard's character starts out as a very sympathetic character and then in a blink of an eye, he is transformed into a cold blooded killer no better than those who killed his family.  He promises \\"Biblical\\" retribution that never comes.  He is proclaimed as the most intelligent tactician ever, and yet he is suddenly out smarted by Foxx's character who magically moves a ticking bomb miles away within minutes.  I was utterly disappointed and let down.    In the end I didn't want either character to win.  I found myself hoping that Gerard would take Foxx's character out and then be taken out himself.  No redeeming qualities come out of Foxx's character and the end scene is meant to do just that but ends up putting the final nail in the frustration coffin. There was nothing special about this movie and I wouldn't recommend it unless you are one of those that have to see it for yourself.  Take it on me, it would be better to just believe the review and leave this on the rental shelf.  Do not buy it unless you enjoy wasting your money.
0307463745|4.0|I pre-ordered Rework and was very happy with the read when it arrived. I recommend the book heartily to all people who work and/or think about work especially in software development.<br /><br />As I read the book, however, it occurred to me that the thoughts being expressed resonated with core concepts I already possessed. It took me a few moments but then I remembered that Rework was in reality a distillation of concepts I first read in E.F. Schumacher's \\"Small is Beautiful: Economics As If People Mattered.\\" Schumacher's philosophy is one of \\"enoughness,\\" appreciating both human needs, limitations and appropriate use of technology. Among other things he wrote:<br /><br />\\"The most striking about modern industry is that it requires so much and accomplishes so little. Modern industry seems to be inefficient to a degree that surpasses one's ordinary powers of imagination. Its inefficiency therefore remains unnoticed.\\"<br /><br />I suggest that \\"Small is Beautiful\\" is a good follow on read to Rework.
B0025KVLTC|5.0|In a house overlooking the lake, on about 500 mikes of genuine acid. It's a great album, stoned or straight.
B002ZCY7SW|4.0|Looks like this is going to be the final season of \\"24\\".  Hopefully it will be released right after the final episode, like they did with season 7 last year.
B001AQT11M|5.0|This is one of great Disney classic. It's done in the old Disney style with alot of detail in their artistry. And it even has a good plot. Fantastic!
B0035G9ABQ|4.0|Damon Albarn's side project, Gorillaz, has surely surpassed all expectations, becoming equally, if not more popular than Blur. No one expected the project to be this successful. I am a fan of Blur, I have all their albums, and I have all of Gorillaz albums. \\"Plastic Beach\\" is just as uneven as everything that has come before it.<br /><br />At 16 tracks, the album is a tad too long, as are all Gorillaz albums. Albarn doesn't know when to cut and edit. Several tracks on the second half of \\"Plastic Beach\\" should have been relegated to \\"P-Sides\\". The number one most likely to be a b-side is \\"Sweepstakes\\". Easily the most sub-par track on the entire disc. It sticks out like a sore thumb. \\"To Binge\\" and \\"Pirate Jet\\" could have also been b-sides. That at least would have trimmed the fat.<br /><br />There is a stretch of solid tracks from \\"Welcome To The World Of The Plastic Beach\\" through \\"On Melancholy Hill\\". Of those, the standout tracks are first single \\"Stylo\\" with its sample of Eddy Grant's \\"Time Warp\\", \\"Superfast Jellyfish\\" with its strange mix of humor and strong catchy melody, \\"Empire Ants\\" with its dual parts, \\"Glitter Freeze\\" which may or may not be an intentional homage to Gary Glitter's \\"Rock And Roll, Part 1\\", \\"Some Kind Of Nature\\" with Lou Reed's deadpan delivery and the most straightforward pop song on the disc, \\"On Melancholy Hill\\".<br /><br />So that makes approximately 9 good songs. In the old days, that would make an album. Now, the thing to do is add, and add, and add. There are too many average songs on \\"Plastic Beach\\", and the same is true with \\"Demon Days\\" and \\"Gorillaz\\". You could take the best songs from all three albums plus \\"G-Sides\\" and \\"D-Sides\\" and have a really good Gorillaz compilation. At this point I am voting to have Blur back for a while and have Gorillaz go on hiatus.<br /><br />As a side note, after listening to \\"Plastic Beach\\" all week, I began to notice how nearly every track mentions plastic or beach.<br /><br />Here's how \\"Plastic Beach\\" compares to Gorillaz other albums:<br /><br />2001 Gorillaz: Three Stars<br />2002 G-Sides: Two Stars<br />2005 Demon Days: Three and a Half Stars<br />2007 D-Sides: Three Stars<br />2010 Plastic Beach: Three and a Half StarsBeach\\" compares to Gorillaz other albums:<br /><br />2001 Gorillaz: Three Stars<br />2002 G-Sides: Two Stars<br />2005 Demon Days: Three and a Half Stars<br />2007 D-Sides: Three Stars<br />2010 Plastic Beach: Three and a Half Stars
0143038419|4.0|I picked this book up at a retail store and paid a lot more than I would have buying it here.  This books starts slowly, but walks you through a wave of emotions from a woman that all women can relate to.  Her warm spirit and engaging stories are well worth the read!
B00337KM2S|5.0|The beauty of this film is in the writing imho - a very timely approach at examining the current economic climate in America and how it affects those on both sides of the issue. The nuances are brilliantly framed through the lens that is Clooney's character (whose acting definitely deserved the academy award nomination that he got), a man who is on the 'safe' side of the layoff business but whose personal life leaves much to be desired. The acting, scriptwriting, directing are all too real - if only corporate America had as much insight as this script-writer, America might still be a pretty good place to live.
0321543726|5.0|What a wonderful book this has been so far!  When I received the book I was naturally expecting the intellectual quality from Stroustrup as well as some other items such as \\"practice questions\\" that I had read about in some reviews.  I received this and much more!  The chapters are organized in such a fashion that key points, terms, and critical concepts are easily identifiable by a color-coded \\"dot\\" beside the introducing paragraph.  The text is decorated with many \\"try-this\\" examples which helps to reinforce the concepts being expressed.  If you are like me and just enjoy writing code, this really keeps you involved in the book if you do the problems.  Each chapter also has a \\"drill\\" at the end of the chapter that has you write a small program and then make modifications to the program to reinforce the concepts in the chapter.  Finally, each chapter has yet another set of problems that you can work on for extra practice.  If the reader does all of the \\"try this\\", \\"drills\\", and practice problems, then the reader can expect to write several hundred lines of code within the first few chapters as well as learn a great deal about error checking and their respective compiler.  The text immediately has the programmer using common elements of the C++ standard library, reinforcing the concept and importance of re-usability in programming.  Many of the more troublesome aspects of the language are purposefully left out in the early parts of the text (such as strings via character arrays and pointer-to-character access) to allow the reader to move ahead without getting \\"tripped-up\\" with difficult details that could be explained later.    Stroustrup also does an excellent job of addressing the reader directly in this text.  Early in the the text he emphasizes the importance of actually writing code and the importance of paying attention to detail in programming.  For example, he asks the reader to not \\"just skip\\" over details such as punctuation and proper formatting of output.    Stroustrup states that this text is designed with teachers and educators in mind and I would agree that this would make a great text for a classroom setting.  I plan to use this book not only for my own personal benefit, but also to tutor/teach some open seminars at our local community college.    Overall, great book...and a must have for any C++ programmer.  Additionally, it would be a shame for any teacher to overlook this book as a text for the classroom.     My background:  I'm currently 30 years old and have been programming C++ since the early days of Visual C++ 6.0 which puts me at around 15 years of hands-on experience.  My on-the-job experience includes the last 4 years in my current position as a Software Developer for a rubber manufacturer in Indiana, US as well as various contracts through college and my early 20's.  My experience with other languages includes C-sharp, Visual Basic, Python, PHP, VBA, SQL (MySQL syntax), COBOL, BASIC, and various other languages that have crept into projects :)    If you found this review useful and would like to comment or would just like to discuss the book, please feel free to contact me at the following...    Christopher Springer  cspringer.devel@gmail.com    You can also network with me at LinkedIn ([...])
B00000K3D4|3.0|I grew up watching this movie when I was younger, and I remeber it being more magical. My son enjoyed the movie he watches it over and over.
0393072231|1.0|I couldn't read this book because it wasn't available on the Kindle.  Therefore, one star.
1878424505|5.0|This fantastic, easy-read, book is a simple guide to personal happiness.  It reminds me (in an opposite type way) of one of those diet books that you have to read cover to cover and when you're done you still don't understand what you're supposed to eat.      You read it, it gives tells you these four, simple agreements you have to make with yourself in order to just be happy.  Then in not-too-verbose detail, it explains these four agreements.    I loved it.  As you can probably tell, I'm happy most of the time, too.
B001993Y2C|5.0|WARNING: This review made by an Australian, so my take on the series may be different to what the American audience would highlight (without making any assumptions).    I love Sci-Fi as a genre, and was around to watch the original series of Battlestar Gallactica in the 1970s with Lorne Green and Richard Hatch (more on him later).  It therefore was with some trepidation I purchased the remake 'complete series' edition.     I am halfway through Season 2.5 and I can honestly say I am glued to the screen (having a 46-inch Sony Bravia LCD TV sort of helps - keeps the room warm too). You will not appreciate this series nearly as much if you are watching via a cheap DVD player and a smallish TV - folks this series screams 'make it big!'.    The series is easily the most complex and riveting work, truly a work of art, I have had the pleasure of watching in many, many years.  It definitely is not for the kiddies - the 'MA rating' (for Australian audiences - 15 and over) is well-deserved but there is not gratuitous violence or sex (and hardly any of that so far, which to my mind just reaffirms the heights to which the team who made this series aspired).     A cast of thousands, with superb casting - many actors I had never heard of before are perfect for their roles.  It is a grand and bold vision - the survival of 'civilisation' (We know Ghandi had a thing or two to say about that concept - well, start watching...).  The themes covered are too many to mention and I don't want to give away the plot, suffice to say the twists and turns are magnificently wrought and more than occasionally shattering.    The quality of the production is extraordinary including the stunning and beautiful special effects which personally I do not think have been surpassed (just goes to show what you can do with the right crew in place).    A comparison with the Star Wars prequels is called for (here I go, brave or what?) - the writing in the prequels was, in my humble opinion, often risible, andthe acting wooden, although many of the special effects sequences were breathtaking in scope and execution.  In Battlestar Gallactica, the writing and acting also is first-class and pitch-perfect, the storylines complex, the many themes definitely intended for an adult audience and, I think, would serve very well as a starting-point for a discussion with the teenagers of the household after each episode - many moral and ethical issues are covered.      Courage and audacity are hallmarks of this production, along with honouring the ideas of the original series. In that respect, Richard Hatch's appearance in a supporting role was both a great surprise and brought back memories of the original series - a perfect bit of casting.  I won't spoil it by revealing his character's role in the unfolding events, but he shows himself to be a highly capable actor who has a tremendous presence on screen and is (again) a perfect fit.    I could go on, and on, and on, but to delve into the many deeper issues explored by the writers of the series would be unfair.      A word on the packaging of the complete series - I think some reviewers are getting more than a little carried away.  For goodness sake, this is one of the stellar achievements of our time, and they complain about the design of the box!  My only concern is that (a) the box did not seem to have an environmentally friendly focus uppermost in mind when it was designed and (b) there appears to be unusual opportunities for dust to get in.    But it isn't that big.  However, here's a tip for the downhearted - buy your own plastic DVD holders for storage and chuck the original packaging.  If your bookshelf isn't tall enough - buy a bigger bookshelf, and perhaps a few bigger books.    All you Sci-Fi fans out there wanting to escape for a while from everyday existence and let your imaginations soak in the awe-inspiring vision of this series - hand over the money and grab the series while you can - a remarkable achievement all round and definitely a series worthy of 'Collector' status.
B000TEUSJK|1.0|I could only watch a few minutes, it was NOT what I thought it was
081541028X|5.0|Carrying The Fire is a great astronaut book. Michael Collins shows us he is a very very good writer and refused to use a ghost writer. He explains he is deliberately trying to write to a wide audience not just the technologically inclined. His writing style is light and crisp while humorous. He is not constantly me me me and shows us there were other astronauts smarter than he and more suited for different jobs.<br /><br />We see his early career as a fighter pilot and experimental test pilot. Then we see his NASA training. He goes up in Gemini 10 and does a very important spacewalk. At the time John Young as the commander of Gemini 10 and Mike Collins set a new altitude record. Also a retrieval of a micro meteor pad from the Agena spacecraft is accomplished by Mike Collins with the help of his spacewalk. Many pictures and valuable navigation by different stars is accomplished. Many experiments are accomplished.<br /><br />The individual astronauts are assigned different jobs/specialties. He is assigned by Al Shepard to be in charge of space suits and EVAs (space walks). We see he is never in the loop to be a commander of a space mission but to serve as a very important specialist and later as the Columbia pilot.<br /><br />We see the horror of the loss of Gus Grissom, Ed White and Roger Chaffee in the  Apollo 1 fire. Many of the astronauts lives are discussed. Excellent pictures are in the book. My favorite historically is the one with his father in uniform with General Pershing and a nice picture of NASA 904 T38 flying....our teacher,transportation and toy.<br /><br />Mike trains and trains and is the Columbia pilot on Apol1o 11. Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin become first and second men on the moon. Mike's job is to stay in orbit and retrieve the Eagle and get everybody home. We see he is all alone as he orbits the Moon.  He can talk  to Houston control and with Neil and Buzz on the moon at times when properly positioned in lunar orbit. However orbiting on the far side of the moon he is completely cut off from humanity and is in his own universe. He has deep thoughts on his temporary solitude without fear and loneliness. He explains he is not jealous he did not set foot on the moon and his part in the mission was just as important and he is proud of it.<br /><br />Later he becomes the Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs with the State department for a year.  He meets dozens of high officials, kings and queens, and presidents. Later still he is in charge of the Smithsonian Air and Space museum. He stays with the Air Force and retires from the Air Force reserves as a Major General. Collins says he is happy retired with his family and has had a great life. He explains we should go to Mars but also that we should cherish and help solve the huge problems facing us on Earth. We can and must do both. His main word for Earth as seen from space is fragile.<br /><br />Readers will enjoy Mike Collins writing style. We get lots of factual information that is very interesting but definitely not dry. Mike is able to be funny with a quick wit and show us his shortcomings as well as his strengths. Mike Collins a true American hero.I really enjoyed this book and look forward to reading other books by Mike Collins. The man can really write.  5 stars.tely cut off from humanity and is in his own universe. He has deep thoughts on his temporary solitude without fear and loneliness. He explains he is not jealous he did not set foot on the moon and his part in the mission was just as important and he is proud of it.    Later he becomes the Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs with the State department for a year.  He meets dozens of high officials, kings and queens, and presidents. Later still he is in charge of the Smithsonian Air and Space museum. He stays with the Air Force and retires from the Air Force reserves as a Major General. Collins says he is happy retired with his family and has had a great life. He explains we should go to Mars but also that we should cherish and help solve the huge problems facing us on Earth. We can and must do both. His main word for Earth as seen from space is fragile.    Readers will enjoy Mike Collins writing style. We get lots of factual information that is very interesting but definitely not dry. Mike is able to be funny with a quick wit and show us his shortcomings as well as his strengths. Mike Collins a true American hero.I really enjoyed this book and look forward to reading other books by Mike Collins. The man can really write.  5 stars.
B00004ZDVQ|5.0|From his start as a youngster, yielding his first hit \\"Fingertips\\", to being one of the greatest legendary voices from the Motown stable, Stevie Wonder (born Steveland Morris) has put together his masterful 70s classics, from such albums as \\"Talking Book\\", \\"Innervisions\\", \\"Music Of My Mind\\" and \\"Hotter Than July\\". Those of us who grew up around his earlier classics (My Cherie Amour, his ultimate and very best) have appreciated him over the years, and this set is no exception. From \\"Superstition\\" to \\"You Haven't Done Nothing\\" (think our President of today, which to me says it all) to \\"Ribbon In The Sky\\" and the killer \\"Do I Do\\" and its really great bassline (as you know, I play the bass). \\"Living For The City\\" explains an unfortunate turn in the life and dreams of an innocent African-American wanting to go to the city, which turns into a nightmare. This was originally released as \\"Musiquarium I and II\\" when my brother bought it with two different color covers. Otherwise, this is Wondrous!
0670021652|4.0|Faced with the possible deportation of her love, Filipe, Gilbert has come to the conclusion that she must again get married.  This is something that neither she nor Felipe thought they would do again.  Having gone through an awful divorce (as witnessed in Eat, Pray, Love) Gilbert is very skeptical of the institution of marriage.<br /><br />I think this is the reason I love her.  I can relate to her.  Although I am married and haven't personally gone thorough a divorce, I was definitely jaded by my parents divorce and decided early on it is much better to be happily divorced than unhappily married.  Yes, I am married, but I made sure that nowhere in our vows did it say anything about \\"till death do us part\\" because I just don't believe it.  My husband is fully aware of my \\"issues\\" (both with marriage and otherwise).  I have to admit part of me hoped that Committed would bring me some reassurance, and it kind of did.  Gilbert seemed to jump into her research with a clear plan to \\"figure it all out.\\"  One of my favorite lines is after she is talking to her mother about things given up for marriage as opposed to things gained.<br /><br />\\"Therefore, the tidy ultimate conclusion is...???<br />It was slowly becoming clear to me that perhaps there was never going to be any tidy ultimate conclusion here.  My mother herself had probably given up long ago trying to draw tidy ultimate conclusions about her existence, having abandoned (as so many of us must do, after a certain age) the luxuriously innocent fantasy that one is entitled to have mixed feelings about one's own life.\\"<br /><br />In Committed, Gilbert bounces back and forth between her stories--including conversations with people she met while waiting for Felipe to be allowed back in the United States and her extensive research on the subject of marriage.  I found it fascinating to learn about the various histories and different rituals in other cultures.  Gilbert has an incredible talent for recreating her conversations and adventures and I enjoyed every minute of it.I enjoyed every minute of it.
B00007FOMP|5.0|The late and immortal Marvin Gaye left behind one of his most powerful and poignant albums of his career. At first, Berry Gordy (Motown Executive) was reluctant to release this masterwork, but was met with defiance by Gaye. Gordy's claim was that this album was \\"too political\\", but fans completely disagreed (so have I). This entire album spoke with forceful tones about the Vietnam War, unemployment, drug addiction and urban depression, all of which paints in the mind of the listener the images and misery of everyday life. As I said, truly a powerful recording that no fan should be without. Gaye was also a former member of the 50s group The Moonglows, known for their hits \\"Sincerely\\" and their interpretation of \\"Blue Velvet\\", the very same by Bobby Vinton. Gaye's voice would be silenced forever by his own father, who killed him with a handgun in a domestic dispute on April 1, 1981. Gaye, later in his career with Columbia/Sony, would win a Grammy Award for his later hit \\"Sexual Healing\\", from the album \\"Midnight Love\\". I personally also liked his overlooked \\"Romantically Yours\\" (also with Columbia), which was his take on some of the standards and classics (both recommended). Footnote: This album was a million-seller, so Gordy was proven wrong on all counts.
B00005CDNF|4.0|Great singles, cheeky cover and my boyfriend in college knew that when Bang-a-Boomarang came on, off came the pants.
B000Z27HLS|5.0|Wonderful movie I could watch over and over again because the script, acting and scenery are so exceptional.
0385341008|5.0|was a really easy read. simple yet amaziing. its hard not to like a book that's as original as this
B000065KLO|4.0|I got this movie on NETFLIX and absolutely loved it!   Foud it at a great price on Amazon and now I can watch it any time I want!  Great price and good delivery time.  Thank you Amazon!
0385341008|2.0|I was so disappointed with a book that has 4.5 stars here. The story was nice enough, and the idea of telling the story in the form of letters was interesting. However, the story itself was far too predictable, and the letters from different people were written with the same voice. This book does not deserve the star rating that it has.
B0000BYM3K|5.0|awesome from the very begining to the very end i love all of iron maidens albums i enjoy them all including their latest effort a matter of life and death    if you like iron maiden check out these albums    [[ASIN:B000PHX8C0 Last Kind Words]]  [[ASIN:B002C6K7N0 Endgame]]  [[ASIN:B00192KCQ0 Death Magnetic]]  [[ASIN:B002LMOAW4 Full Circle]]  [[ASIN:B001P5Q6FC Wrath]]
B0034JKZ3G|5.0|I'm a huge fan of Disney movies, especially the old traditional way of doing it.  This comes back to its roots on how to make animated movies.  My kids love the movie from beginning to end.  I haven't seen it in the theatres so it is a blind buy for me knowing that all the reviews are high.  I have a 4-1/2 and twin girls that are almost 2 years old and they all love it.  I like the way Disney combos the item with a DVD aside from the Bluray disc.  This makes it ideal if you would like to take it with you on trips if you have portable DVD players in your vehicle.  Worth every penny.
0553385461|5.0|A little more of the same. This book maybe is written a little more in language that the average Joe can get into the mindset of Stephen Hawking. I have almost every word Stephen has put to print. His tenacity despite his handicap inspires me.   This book is still very good reading for anyone, not just the scientists.  Where did we come from? How did we get here? How long will it all last? What, how, when, where did it begin?  Was there a supreme being at the controls? Is there another \\"you\\" living in a \\"brane\\" a billionth of an inch away? And, will we ever get the ultimate answer, the proven theory of everything? Time before and at the beginning of time!
B0035V35PI|5.0|I've seen a bunch of ninja movies from the 80's on and so far, this is THE best ninja movie ever.  Awesome fight scenes and sequences, great sound quality and Sho Kosugi is in it.  If you haven't heard of him imdb him and you'll know why he's famous.  I give the storyline 4 out of 5 but the overall movie action sequence puts this in the 5 scale.  I love ancient martial arts being brought back in the modern world.  If you love ninja action movies, this is a must see.
0736695982|3.0|I was very disappointed to find that this is in fact the abridged version of Pompeii, not the \\"Unabridged Audio CD Collector's Edition\\" as advertised.
B000002JSJ|5.0|Excellent CD for the advanced fans.  The songs don't have much radio air time, yet this music is good.  I believe the the recording studio was double booked and the group had to do this album in 24 hours.
B0000DZTIW|5.0|I love this cd, it was perfect for what i needed it for and it will get used many times I'm sure...
B001UV4XUQ|4.0|I bought the blu-ray version of this movie and I love it! It's a movie about a man searching for his soul mate and the obstacles he faces in his relationship. This story is told from the perspective of a man which is refreshing! This is definately not your typical relationship story. This movie is definately worth watching more than once. If youre into love stories and relationship movies then get this movie pronto!
B002PAQB2O|4.0|For a couple of bucks, you get Brideshead Revisted  on your Kindle !!! You get Waugh's classic  story dropped into your mind. (Good copy is not the point of inexpensive e-books.) Screw the typos; Just read the story and count yourself lucky to be hanging out with Charles Ryder and a bunch of religiously whacked out  pre-War Upper class Brits....back when religion mattered. Speaking of bad copies, last night, i saw the DVD of the  new movie version of Brideshead; and it'a a very poor copy of the original movie with Jeremy Irons et al. Don't go there just download the Kindle version and run with it. The new movie doesn't hold a candle to the e-book.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|This Is It is more than a concert.  It gives a feel for what his last concert might have been like, but it also takes you through a bit of the creative process for each performance that was being created.  It gets to the heart of what Michael was like at work.  You walk away with the feeling that you really know a little bit more about what Michael was like, not just what you've been blasted with by the media.  You meet some of the finest dancers in the world.  You see ground breaking special effects that have never been used in a concert before and it makes you wonder who will now be the first to incorporate these things into a live show since Michael didn't have the opportunity to share them while he was alive.  It is great to see Michael Jackson, not at the end of his career, but at the top of his game.  One of the great movies of 2009 even if the Academy didn't include it among their considerations as a nominee.
B00064VR0W|5.0|A mixture of Rod's chart-toppers and old standards, backed by full orchestra and his own band makes for very entertaining watching and listening pleasure. Throw in Ron Wood, J'anna Jacoby and Katja Rieckerman, plus guest accompanists and this has to be one of the best concerts I've watched. Rod's still got it even though he's 50+ when he appeared at Royal Albert Hall!!
B00275EGWY|5.0|I was not surprised when The Hurt Locker won The Academy Award for Best Picture. I expected it and had told everyone who would listen that it would win, as well as winning for Best Director. The film gave me a new respect for what people in the military have to deal with on a daily basis. The characters were vividly drawn out and the main character is one to be remembered: a man who could not give up the life because he had become the life.
B000YMDQQ4|4.0|So I've read a few Neil Gaiman books of all kinds (comics, YA, full length adult novels) and thus far the absolute worst I could say about any of them has been that it was \\"Okay\\", so when I saw this one cheap on Kindle I figured why not, surely I couldn't go wrong.  Well, except for the fact that I was seeing mixed reviews.  Upon further review of the reviews I noticed something.  The really bad ones all seemed to center around one theme -- It appears in the 9-12 year old category and there seems to be much debate about if it belongs there.  I figured I'd read it and decide for myself if those complaints were warranted.<br /><br />While I am no prude and do think my nephew (who is about to turn 9 as I write this) is actually mature enough to read this book, I could see why some parents would object.  What could parents object to?  Well: There is a description of a nude troll, he's male if that tells you anything about what you'll find in this book.  No?  Okay well we learn that a teenage boy wants to touch breasts.  Or that a married man appreciates getting \\"laid\\" by women other than his wife.  A certain word that rhymes with witch makes an appearance. There's some drinking (including by teens).<br /><br />These references are brief and are not graphic. In fact what I've just typed here, that's about it for the questionable material I think, and about as graphic as it is in the book (other than my editing of that one word here). I suspect most children have seen, heard, and read worse especially if they've watched any tv or movies.  Then again, yes some parents would find it a bit much for the average 9 year old.  So while it claims to be a book for reading levels ages 9-12, well  yes a 9 year old could probably read this book with no problems but it's up to you to decide if they're mature enough to handle brief mentions of nudity and sex (as I said, not graphic, but still there in passing).  I'd probably suggest Coraline or InterWorld instead if you want to introduce your younger child to Neil Gaiman before this one (of the ones I personally know now anyway).<br /><br />That said, I'll be rating it as an adult reader.  Did Humpty Dumpty REALLY have a great fall?  What about the troll under the bridge, what's his story?  What's the deal with Jack in his box?  What happens when the months of the year get together?  Is finding the Holy Grail really a good thing?  Who or what really scratches up the cat?  Things like this are what make up the short stories in M is for Magic.  It's a fun fast read.  Fans of Neil Gaiman will probably have read much of this before.  Me?  I'd only read the passage from The Graveyard book so I loved it as it was new to me and yes quite magical.ce your younger child to Neil Gaiman before this one (of the ones I personally know now anyway).<br /><br />That said, I'll be rating it as an adult reader.  Did Humpty Dumpty REALLY have a great fall?  What about the troll under the bridge, what's his story?  What's the deal with Jack in his box?  What happens when the months of the year get together?  Is finding the Holy Grail really a good thing?  Who or what really scratches up the cat?  Things like this are what make up the short stories in M is for Magic.  It's a fun fast read.  Fans of Neil Gaiman will probably have read much of this before.  Me?  I'd only read the passage from The Graveyard book so I loved it as it was new to me and yes quite magical.
B002XZ62HK|5.0|When deciding whether to get this version or the standard CD, the addition of the two additional tracks and the calendar swayed me. I am glad I did, but the Amazon digital version has two different songs on it (\\"Carolina Rua\\" as sung by Lynn Hillary and \\"Danny Boy\\" sung by the four women) so I bought the 2 extra MP3s and copied the CD and reburnt it with those two extra tracks (plus others from the Amazon only download). This is a great CD to get, but it still isn't complete. So spend the extra 2 bucks for the additional songs and remake the CD is my advice.    Songs From The Heart is a good mix of songs from the Isle of Hope concert tour and the Songs From the Heart concert tour. Songs from the Isle of Hope tour that didn't make it into this CD (and didn't have other versions on previous CDs) are: \\"Have I Told You Lately\\" \\"Carolina Rua\\" and \\"True Colors\\". Songs from the current tour that didn't end up on this CD are: \\"My Heart Was Home Again\\" and \\"Songs from the Heart: Walking The Night/Tabhair Dom Do Lamh\\". So keep your eyes open for the availability of those in the future (I hope!). The concerts also had new versions of \\"Orinoco Flow\\" \\"Danny Boy\\" \\"At The Ceili\\" \\"Spanish Lady\\" and \\"You Raise Me Up.\\" (The Songs From The Heart tour was also supposed to have \\"Pie Jesu\\" and \\"O, America!\\" but the venue I went to (Fairfax on March 17th!), didn't have those songs, despite being printed in the program. But maybe we'll get a \\"Pie Jesu\\" release in the future also.     Regarding the content, after seeing the Isle of Hope concert, I'd have died if \\"Isle of Hope, Isle of Tears\\" wasn't on this CD so really, the fact that it was rates 5 stars from me. \\"Fields of Gold\\" took a while to grow on me because I loved the Eve Cassidy version, but now I really enjoy this one. \\"Amazing Grace\\" is a different arrangement than I am used to, but gorgeous. \\"Nil Se'n La\\" was fun and peppy. \\"My Lagan Love\\" was available in instrumental form by Mairead through Amazon, and I loved having the word;Lynn's voice is ethereal. \\"When You Believe\\" is a little revival-ish for me (as many of Chloe's songs lately have seemed to be) but she really sings the heck out of it. \\"The New Ground-Isle of Hope\\" LOVE IT. Favorite song of the CD. \\"The Coast of Galicia\\" is an instrumental and while good, watching Mairead play adds an extra oomph that is missing from the recording. \\"Non C'e Piu\\" was a lovely group number. \\"The Moon is a Harsh Mistress\\" really showed off Lisa's ability to emote but keep it beautiful. \\"You'll Be In My Heart\\" is my least favorite song; Alex seems to overdrive it and force extra feeling in where none is needed. Plus, I kept hearing Phil Collins sing it. \\"Goodnight My Angel\\" was beautiful with Chloe, Lynn, and Lisa. Chloe had another win with \\"Galway Bay;\\" her accent really added another dimension to it. \\"O, America!\\" was a nice rousing tune, but seems so contrived to appeal to the older generation that makes up a large part of PBS and Celtic Woman's fanbase. \\"The Call\\" was available on the Greatest Journey CD but is worth hearing a few dozen more times. The \\"Finale\\" was a great way to end the CD. It was upbeat and rousing.    In conclusion, this CD was worth the extra cost for the few extra songs and the calendar and to support Celtic Woman, but still incomplete.
B00337KM2S|4.0|\\"Up In The Air\\" is a reality check for individuals who have chosen professional and material success over family obligations and mainstream sentimentalities.  Yes, Ryan Bingham (George Clooney) has made great sacrifices that seem unconventional, but does not conventionalism come with its own price?  \\"Up In The Air\\" reconciles unorthodox reasoning with collective thinking.  At one point in the movie when it appears that Bingham will become a relic of the past, he is redeemed.  It's a man versus machine moment when corporate heads decide to disband its new technology of contractually terminating employees through teleconferencing in favor of face-to-face relations.  In an altered reality, the boilerplate would have Bingham losing his job; due to the changing work environment and lamenting about the personal relationships he sacrificed to be a corporate dweller.  Fortunately, this doesn't happen, which is a \\"thumbs up\\" for personal choice.                In the end, the clear message is that life is filled with choices that have an \\"upside\\" and a \\"downside\\" attached.  As one undergoes a \\"Cost-Benefit Analysis,\\" it is important to take the long view of a myriad of decisions.  There are no moral absolutes!  Rather, happiness is a culmination of core choices surrounding individual contentment.      \\"Up In The Air\\" is a great movie for individuals on both sides of the equation--those who have abandoned personal relationships for professional success and those who have abandoned self actualization for familial responsibilities.     Edward Brown   Core Edge Image & Charisma Institute
B002UZXJA6|5.0|I purchased the Deluxe version of this CD but all the songs from that one are on this one. So, here's my review for that version.    When deciding whether to get the deluxe version or the standard CD, the addition of the two additional tracks and the calendar swayed me (the extra songs were \\"The Call\\" and \\"Finale - Mo Ghile Mear\\"). I am glad I did, but the Amazon digital version has two different songs on it (\\"Carolina Rua\\" as sung by Lynn Hillary and \\"Danny Boy\\" sung by the four women) so I bought the 2 extra MP3s and copied the CD and reburnt it with those two extra tracks (plus others from the Amazon only download album). This is a great CD to get, but it still isn't complete. So spend the extra 4 bucks for the additional songs and remake the CD is my advice.    Songs From The Heart is a good mix of songs from the Isle of Hope concert tour and the Songs From the Heart concert tour. Songs from the Isle of Hope tour that didn't make it into this CD (and didn't have other versions on previous CDs) are: \\"Have I Told You Lately\\" \\"Carolina Rua\\" and \\"True Colors\\". Songs from the current tour that didn't end up on this CD are: \\"My Heart Was Home Again\\" and \\"Songs from the Heart: Walking The Night/Tabhair Dom Do Lamh\\". So keep your eyes open for the availability of those in the future (I hope!). The concerts also had new versions of \\"Orinoco Flow\\" \\"Danny Boy\\" \\"At The Ceili\\" \\"Spanish Lady\\" and \\"You Raise Me Up.\\" (The Songs From The Heart tour was also supposed to have \\"Pie Jesu\\" and \\"O, America!\\" but the venue I went to (Fairfax on March 17th!), didn't have those songs, despite being printed in the program. But maybe we'll get a \\"Pie Jesu\\" release in the future also.     Regarding the content, after seeing the Isle of Hope concert, I'd have died if \\"Isle of Hope, Isle of Tears\\" wasn't on this CD so really, the fact that it was rates 5 stars from me. \\"Fields of Gold\\" took a while to grow on me because I loved the Eve Cassidy version, but now I really enjoy this one. \\"Amazing Grace\\" is a different arrangement than I am used to, but gorgeous. \\"Nil Se'n La\\" was fun and peppy. \\"My Lagan Love\\" was available in instrumental form by Mairead through Amazon, and I loved having the words; Lynn's voice is ethereal. \\"When You Believe\\" is a little revival-ish for me (as many of Chloe's songs lately have seemed to be) but she really sings the heck out of it. \\"The New Ground-Isle of Hope\\" LOVE IT. Favorite song of the CD. \\"The Coast of Galicia\\" is an instrumental and while good, watching Mairead play adds an extra oomph that is missing from the recording. \\"Non C'e Piu\\" was a lovely group number. \\"The Moon is a Harsh Mistress\\" really showed off Lisa's ability to emote but keep it beautiful. \\"You'll Be In My Heart\\" is my least favorite song; Alex seems to overdrive it and force extra feeling in where none is needed--it is very musical theater to channel Simon Cowell. Plus, I kept hearing Phil Collins sing it. \\"Goodnight My Angel\\" was beautiful with Chloe, Lynn, and Lisa. Chloe had another win with \\"Galway Bay;\\" her accent really added another dimension to it. \\"O, America!\\" was a nice rousing tune, but seems so contrived to appeal to the older generation that makes up a large part of PBS and Celtic Woman's fanbase.    So, for four more dollars, you can get the extra four songs from Amazon and reburn the CD to increase the awesomeness.
0393072231|5.0|I enjoy Michael Lewis books because he tends to match his approachable style with topics that interest me. This one was no exception and I breezed through it rather quickly because I could not put it down-not due to suspense, just having fun.     As a trader and investor I was taught sharp lessons by the mortgage mess. This  gave me deeper insight and ideas for the next big trade. The view into the psychology of the guys on the right side of the trade was very interesting. As anyone who has ever been early with an idea you know that it's virtually the same as being wrong. That these things still play out so slowly in our nanosecond world is amazing.    Despite my 5 star rating I see a serious flaw in the book as an overview or explanation of the sources / causes of a mess that threatened our financial system and may have helped elect our first socialist president. There is no mention whatsoever of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or the Community Reinvestment Act, and leftist housing policy in general, that resulted in the creation of the sub-prime mortgage to begin with. Wall Street traders are just that: traders. They are not paid to see the big picture and clearly they didn't. Even loading a competitor with trades with the intention of \\"burying\\" them is not immoral. Clearly they did not intend to bring the system down. Even the \\"smart\\" guys in the book were forced to deal with unforeseen circumstances that threatened to wipe out their profits. I am not excusing the laziness throughout-especially the regulators. I hope those that think that regulation is the panacea are getting a clue after this episode and the SEC's inability to nab Madoff despite the delivery of his scam on a silver platter.    All that said, politically it was imperative that these trades be unwound without bringing down the US financial system (much as Long Term Capital was liquidated). Still, counter party risk is part of the game and it appears Goldman dumped theirs on the US tax payer. This is a scandal that should be dealt with. Sadly the politicians are content to let Wall Street as a whole play the role of scapegoat because a true investigation would only reveal their complicity.
B0027BOL4G|4.0|Powerful movie. Grocery store visits less appealing. This movie will change the way you look at food. Forever.
B000002KAT|5.0|Before hearing Astral Weeks, I pretty much spent my whole life not really caring for Van Morrison's vocal style one way or the other.  Yeah, \\"Moondance\\" and \\"Brown-Eyed Girl\\" are both wonderful songs, but other than that, I *easily* could have lived without hearing anymore Van Morrison songs.    With Astral Weeks now firmly in my possession, and with an evergrowing desire to hear as many classic albums as possible, I went in expecting to hear a Van Morrison album probably just a *tad* better than usual, and nothing more.      BOY was I wrong.  I certainly didn't expect to be completely won over.      Astral Weeks is absolutely incredible the way the entire album builds and builds thanks to the tasty choice of instruments and vocal melodies.  Each song really IS an epic and spiritual journey.      The flutes, the piano playing, the saxophone, the acoustic guitar... all these wonderful instruments are constantly appearing throughout the album, and more specifically, constantly appearing between Van's vocal lines.  I mean it when I say CONSTANTLY!  It never ends!  I love it!!  This stuff is probably quite melodic and my mind just can't realize it yet.  Each musical instrument is included in *just* the right place.    And what about Van's vocal style?  I've *never* heard his voice reach to such perfectly emotional heights, as opposed to screechy and somewhat annoying heights on other albums and songs.  Nope, his voice feels really comfortable on here, and as a result, it's easier to appreciate his style, and see why everyone makes such a big deal about his singing voice.      Trust me, I'm usually a pretty stubborn person when it comes to joining in with the majority in declaring such and such is a classic album (usually I *strongly* disagree with most of the supposed classics out there).      But in this particular case, I can't imagine Van Morrison capable of producing another album anywhere near as brilliant as Astral Weeks.  Maybe he can and I'm simply underestimating the guy, but the other Morrison albums I've heard weren't able to move me *anywhere* as much as this one.    Please tell me I'm not just imagining such a perfect album.  The BIG question of the day is this- why in the HECK aren't radio stations playing anything from this album?  I mean really- classic rock FM radio stations play absolutely NONE of these songs.  Never did, never will.  What's up with that???  Are they not aware how mega-popular and critically acclaimed this album is?      Perhaps the album wasn't considered such a big deal back in 1968 and it's simply an example where time has allowed Astral Weeks to reach legendary status.  Who knows.     Anyway, yeah, if you're like me and never particularly cared for Van Morrison (mainly because of his screechy voice) Astral Weeks is quite possibly the album that will completely change your mind and finally show you why the guy's been so popular the last 40 years.  Incredible!
B000FVQLQQ|5.0|Haunting music by James Horner. Beautiful Themes. Ron Howard has come out with a clean winner. Good performances by Russell Crowe and the beautiful Jennifer Connelly. I had not read about the Equilibrium concept of John Nash Jr. and the personal trauma he had with schizophrenia and delusions before he got the Nobel for Economics Sciences that he shared with Reinhard Selten and John Harsanyi in 1994. When I saw this film, I came to know about Nash. It was  nostalgia for me as I had studied close to Princeton University at Glassboro State College (now Rowan). I had visited Princeton and almost felt that I was there when I saw the locale scenes.<br />I would say that Ron Howard romanticizes a bit and makes the story flashy. He could have underplayed the screenplay a bit. Yet the scenes of paranoid schizophrenia and delusions come out good with able performances by Paul Bettany as  \\"the prodigal roommate\\" and the maniacal defense agent Parcher played by Ed Harris. Akiva Goldsman has written a good story on how to patch figments of a cracked imagination. The best reason to stay with the movie is Alicia Nash played by Jennifer Connelly. Her suffering comes out so well in her reading of the character. The best part of the movie is John Nash Jr.'s relationship with his wife Alicia. I am touched by the way Jennifer Connelly  approaches Crowe when he is her professor and brings out her love for him. I have learnt from this film that love is patience, love is endurance, love is not just after one's own benefits and that love shines. To conclude, this film picked up the AFI best actress award for Jennifer Connelly. She also picked up the Oscar that year and the movie was the Film of the Year. James Horner has breathed life into the narrative with his compellingly mesmerising score. If not for Howard Shore's magnificent work on the Fellowship of the Ring that year, this was easily the best effort in music. A thoroughly satisfying film on the mind beautiful.
0786199172|5.0|This is a book, written just after WWII, updated in 1978 and applicable to today.  The explanations of cause and effect for bad economic policies is \\"deja vu all over again.\\" You cannot have an honest discussion of Obamanomics if you haven't read this book.
B000F9RB9Y|5.0|I just received this blu-ray from Amazon on February 14 2010.<br /><br />This is a full high definition transfer in 1920x1080p with uncompressed audio.<br />This blu-ray has been made from a re-mastered 2k source but not from a fully restored source. There is still a small amount of \\"dust or dirt\\" and a few small scratches but this film is still in excellent condition in my opinion.<br /><br />Keep in mind this film was low budget, the film medium used was \\"rough grain\\" and that NO high-def transfer will ever yield a sharp and crystal clear image. A perfect example: The new Battlestar Galactica series was purposefully shot \\"grainy\\" and it will never look crystal clear in a high-def transfer.<br /><br />This blu-ray version does have a few special features to include:<br />7 deleted scenes<br />Creating The Terminator: Visual Effects and Music<br />Terminator: A Retrospective
0316069906|5.0|This is the most comprehensively damning indictment against factory farming yet written. Engaging, intelligent, riveting, horrifying. It should be required reading for anyone who eats animals or the things we take from them. Safran Foer shows why 99% of the meat and dairy products American consumers are buying is produced in a way that violates our most basic values concerning animal cruelty and ecological decay.
B002VPE1AW|1.0|\\"Avatar\\" takes place in the future on Pandora, a moon of a gas giant named Polyphemus, that is located over 4 light years from Earth. Pandora is being explored for certain resources that Earth needs since Earth's economy is bad.    Pandora is a lush, tropical planet filled with unique wildlife and is inhabited by a race of primitive humanoid beings called the Na'vi.    One Na'vi tribe occupies an area that is plentiful in Unobtainium that a private corporation wants to extract since the mineral would be of some use on Earth since it is extremely valuable.    The corporation has also provided its own protection force made up of former members of the U.S. military. The Unobtanium is located under the Na'vi's Hometree and corporation forces will conduct a Blackwater-style raid against the Na'vi if the natives refuse to allow the company to extract the mineral.    A Marine named Jake Sully travels to Pandora to take his dead brother Tony's place in which Jake assumes control of his brother's avatar in order to make contact with the Na'vi.    Jake Sully is paralyzed from the waist down as the result of an injury he sustained while participating in a combat mission on Earth. He is the only person who can successfully use his twin brother's avatar since Jake's genetic material is the same as Tony's.    After assuming the use of the avatar Jake begins the task of winning the Na'vi's trust in hopes of convincing them to allow the Unobtainium to be mined. Sully does this so he can get an expensive operation done to recieve a new set of legs that is promised to him by the Pandora Earth colony's Marine commander.    In \\"Dances with Wolves\\" fashion, upon interacting with the local Na'vi tribe Jake Sully begins to appreciate their way of life and goes so far as to befriend a Na'vi woman who is also the tribal chief's daughter.    Later Jake becomes torn between his duty as a Marine and the existence of the Na'vi that he has learned to know and love.    Where the movie goes bad isn't so much Jake's conflict as much as it is the movie's underlying plot.    In \\"Avatar\\" the primitive, simplistic lifestyle of the Na'vi and their quasi-Gaia worship of Pandora's ecology is held to be a moral virtue while the company representative and most of the military members are portrayed in the film in a one-dimensional, negative light which demonstrates where Cameron's loyalties lie.    We see also see Cameron's political sympathies in one other film he made which was the highest grossing film of all time: \\"Titanic\\".    \\"Titanic\\" not only generated lots of ticket sales, it is the apple of almost every Marxist's cinematic eye.    The overall message in \\"Titanic\\", simply put, is egalitarianism. No one is better than anyone else, we are all equal, wealth is bad, being poor is good and, while you are at it, don't think for yourself.     Now Cameron has weighed in (yet again) with another morally repulsive movie that, like \\"Titanic\\", portrays self sacrifice as one's highest moral end.     This time it is a nod to the evil philosophy of environmentalism that calls for the destruction of human life by indirectly calling for people to sacrifice their lives and livelihoods to the needs of nature.    This message is embodied not only by Jake Sully's actions during most of the movie but also the Earth scientist's hypothesis that the ecosystem of Pandora is interconnected and should not be touched while at the same time ridiculing the idea of economic development in the form of utilizing a planet's resources.    While one could appreciate \\"Avatar\\" from an artistic perspective, it is obvious that the artistic elements of the film are secondary to Avatar's awful theme of nature worship.    The movie itself is said to be one of the most expensive ever made. At a price tag of up to $300 to $400 million viewers of \\"Avatar\\" will be treated to a special effects bonanza while James Cameron symbolically spits in their faces.    Despite the film's huge box office returns, it ismy hope that people will not buy the DVD versions of \\"Avatar\\" and reject James Cameron's platform to propagandize for his subtle anti-human plot.
B0039UTDFG|1.0|The Life series is fantastic, but it comes in two versions -- this one, narrated by Oprah Winfrey for the US market; and the original version as narrated by the naturalist David Attenborough.    While the cinematography remains unchanged, Oprah's narration lacks the depth that Attenborough's years of experience as both naturalist and narrator brings to the table. I strongly recommend waiting for the US release of the original BBC version, narrated by David Attenborough.
B002VECM4A|5.0|This is actually difficult to explain, but \\"Precious\\" is a surpassingly fantastic movie.     It is also a difficult movie. I hated the first 1/2 hour - almost viscerally.  This is a loser world; these are losers - LOSERS, and the \\"mom\\" - wow!  She is the lowest ever. Almost everything about this whole world is breathtakingly bleak and repulsive and unfixable.       But this movie really does something fantastic - it takes your mind and carefully brings you into a deeper thicket of humanness. I don't even remember how it happened.  But it really did and it is an unexpected and unusual surprise.     Oh, and if you know anyone who has any \\"mom\\" issues, this movie will touch that base.     (one final note - Mariah Carey has a role and she is perfect - blew me away; didn't know it was her until the credits.)
B002KSPKRS|4.0|These headphones do provide wonderful surround sound to the gamer, but there is some crackling with the headset when used on live (I believe this to be a software problem that can be fixed with either a patch or a good systems update) and also the you can hear the amplifier for the headset way too much. I for one, only want to hear the sounds of the game and cannot tolerate a 3% sound degradation due to poor wiring. That said I love what these headphones do for me. I partnered these headphones with a sub-woofer utilizing the optic pass through and put it right behind my gaming chair, I must say that when the bullets started flying I stopped caring about a truly low-grade buzz in my ears and worried about my Mini-gun over heating. It felt like I was in the helicopter on the battlefield.     The battery life of these headphones are ok, but I wish they would have included a docking/recharging option, because the batteries deplete a little too fast for my tastes. It runs off standard AAA's and I've been going through hordes of them. Maybe that says something about my gaming addiction, but it also points out the very valid point of energy consumption. I suggest getting some lithium AAA replacements that can be charged, because you WILL use this thing a lot and it will eventually eat up 50 bucks in battery costs.     The Mic mute button and volume control are not conveniently placed for the gamer that doesn't always want his Mic on. This company sells an adapter to mimic Microsoft's style for their original headsets, which work great if you ask me. Why wouldn't they included it since the consumer is already shelling out over 175 dollars for this thing is above me. This company just goes out of it's way to take more money from you.    All in all though, I must say that I enjoy the heck out of these things and they do provide wireless 5/7 channel surround sound. If you want the .1 though, you have to attach a sub and when you do you will appreciate the audio spectrum.
B0031ZWZR2|5.0|Not much to say in a review about a series - other than I'm glad it was offered so quickly, and I look forward to getting Part 2, and any other seasons when they become available in the future.
B0039UTDFG|1.0|Why on earth have they decided to dub the documentary into American English baffles me. Is British English appallingly obscure and incomprehensible?    First Harry Potter and now this. What a shameful way to undermine language for the sake of a couple of bucks?    I have various BBC Documentaries - I LOVE them, and despite the fact that I am not British I understand everything, and David Attenborough's voice in much more credible, isn't this what he does professionally?    Oprah would probably be more suitable for bedtime story recordings for sleepy youngsters.    I suggest getting the original David Attenborough version (Check the star rating and compare!)
B0000013G9|5.0|given that this album was released in 1994, this album remains one of my favorites to listen to. i truly thought that it was a bit crazy, totally sexy, and definitely cool. aside from the singles, \\"creep\\" \\"diggin on you\\" \\"red light special\\" and \\"waterfalls\\", the albums smoothly runs through with standouts being \\"kick your game\\" \\"take our time\\" and \\"switch\\". also, they did some amazing covers of \\"case of the fake people\\" and \\"if i was your girlfriend\\"    for those who thought that the sound was to similar in every song or that the production was poor, remember that back in '94 this was the feel that they were going for. to me, this is their best album. the only thing that was lacking perhaps was more from left eye who couldn't record as much due to her time in prison. R.I.P Lisa <3
B002S9DRA6|5.0|This is certainly different for Enigma.  It takes you on a rollercoaster of up and down energy high and thought and shows you sides of new and old and vastly different from what you're used to if you're an avid fan and have played MCMXC a.D. till it wouldn't run anymore.  But I find it to be very enjoyable and awesome to put on my mp3 player and use as workout music for house cleaning, yard work, or just out and about and everything music to calm me down, pep me up and relax me ... just as Enigma always has.
0739382365|5.0|This is by far the best book I have listened to as of yet, so funny.  The item arrived quickly and in good condition, thanks a million
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I dont care what people say as far as rumers or reviews, I went twice to see it and would go more if I had the time and all,,, ( and saved a set or two of glasses) I pre ordered this in hopes it has a digital copy cause this is one digital copy id use!!!
0061841935|5.0|I've listened to a lot of audio books in my life, and many of them have been excellent. This one is perfect.<br /><br />On the audio side, it is cleanly produced and clear, with the bonus of being read by the author himself. Who better to know how to emphasize the words than the person who wrote them? Craig Ferguson's Scottish accent certainly helps too; I could listen to him talk all day.<br /><br />On the content side, if his writing is any measure, Craig Ferguson is funny, honest, literate, and intelligent. His story is touching, thought-provoking, and laugh-out-loud funny, sometimes all at the same time. Whether you care for autobiographies or not, this is a fun book to listen to (or perhaps read, if you prefer to [[ASIN:0061719544 get the printed version]]).<br /><br />Mr. Ferguson tells the story of his life starting with his early days as a youth in a rather uncompromising and harsh Scotland. Clearly not looking for pity, but instead in a spirit of open discourse, he speaks of his growing addiction to alcohol and drugs and how those addictions caused much heartache and trouble in his life. He relates how he once was about to commit suicide, but was distracted by a large glass of sherry--and, as he says, he didn't even like sherry! Eventually, he takes control of himself and his life again. Throughout the book, he interweaves his personal life with his experiences in the entertainment field, all with frankness and humor. His love of his work shines through even as he speaks of his most miserable times. All in all, a very satisfying book.<br /><br />I didn't know much about Craig Ferguson before listening to this book. I had seen him in [[ASIN:B00005B1M7 Saving Grace]] and [[ASIN:B0000TG492 I'll Be There]] (both of which I loved), but I knew little else. After listening to this book, I found myself wishing I were one of his neighbors, so my family and I could have the chance to visit with him and share some of my excellent home cooking.
B0029NY9Y4|5.0|DVD came in pristine condition, and the movie itself is genius. It's a great film.
630522577X|4.0|The product got in here right on time. The product came just as described. I received great customer service.
B0026RHR6K|5.0|The packaging from Amazon for this was great. This is by far the best TV show series I have ever seen in my life, and there's a reason I bought this so that I can own it. The box is pretty cool and I personally like it, but other people hate how it was packaged. It has a model Cylon on the top of it. However, the DVD's can be difficult to get in and out of each season's box, but once you get used to it, prepare for cinematic greatness.
B0030ZOYHC|3.0|yes this movie is nice lookin but thats it. its short runtime nd lack of extras makes it a ripoff. its better to buy the platnum collection boxset.
B000024E9O|5.0|\\"If you think that it's pretentious, you've been taken for a ride\\" PG<br /><br />In 1974 Genesis peaked with the release of THE LAMB (their Revelation you could say). Over 35 years later it is still not only listenable, but interesting, unpredictable and fresh sounding and still musically challenging. What other rock-opera/concept album can you say that of? (only Zappa's, WE'RE ONLY IN IT FOR THE MONEY from almost a decade earlier).<br /><br />THE LAMB is an album/concept/achievement of mythic proportions. For how dysfunctional the recording process was supposed to have been, the result is an amazingly successful synthesis of 5 musical talents at their peak. And what they produced, while directly connected to their earlier sound (traced through the progressively improving TRESPASS, NURSERY CRYME, FOXTROT & SELLING ENGLAND BY THE POUND), was also different by a quantum leap. How could Genesis continue as a band after such an achievement? They didn't. Gabriel went on to explore his 'Electric Shaman' persona in an ever more down to earth, less introverted way, and the rest of the band turned to churning out increasingly superficial (and successful) pretty pop hits.<br /><br />In '74 when this was first released my local FM station played the whole double album in it's entirety. I was an aspiring young Genesis fan then and when I stayed up late to record it, I wasn't sure how to digest the new sound or concepts. I didn't understand it all. It was clearly going to be an acquired taste, something I had to grow into. Years later after it was burned into my mind it became in some weird way my first religion - before I found something more substantial. And yet THE LAMB is still clearly a valid, grand, mythic morality play, incorporating sounds that both root us to Earth and Cosmos..., with words and concepts that unite Greek myth, English romantic literature, psychic archetypes and psychedelic music. It is in essence a story of, and guide to, adolescent male rite-of-passage initiation ritual. You could say The Who's TOMMY did this first, but being more complex, poetic and complete, THE LAMB has endured better.<br /><br />What resulted was the band's swansong, but each individual was distinct and unique and vital. Peter Gabriel was clearly inspired for this production, taking a lead creative role. His voice is strong, confident and flexible and his lyrics a string of inventive, sometimes profound and often witty one-liners. Phil Collins gives solid powerfully nimble drumming, as well as excellent backing vocals (a role he was always best suited for). Michael Rutherford's bass is a force of nature, crunching and churning along like the inexorable shift of tectonic plates (augmented by that deep and simple bass pedal). Tony Banks is all over the place tying it together with sustaining keyboards played with supreme, dexterous confidence. And then there is Steve Hackett, with a guitar sound and understated vibe that comes and goes like the plaintive song of a humpback whale in the deep, never flashy, always tasteful. And this is the rare accomplishment of this recording - a psychedelic classic that takes you on a trip (in whatever condition you begin in), to expand and challenge and reunite but in an accessible, never creepy or harsh way (like The Grateful Dead, or Pink Floyd could do). From the opening alienated Broadway street scene to the exalted final resolution and recognition of It, the album flows in one continuous blended series of sounds (made of a variety of catchy 4-5 minute songs tied together by the those incredible segues...)<br /><br />Like many of these reviews, this one is long on words and high on praise. For many years I thought I'd put this album with it's adolescent associations and apparent pretensions behind me. But listening to it now as an 'old fart', I see how formative (and transformative) it was. I'm glad to have met and absorbed and been changed by it, and to have moved on, out of the depths and into the ongoingvastness of It. This sounds like a lot to expect from a rock band and album, but it's true.from a rock band and album, but it's true.
B00005JNEW|4.0|i could give this 5 stars. i will admit that it takes alittle time to get things going in the movie. i watched this movie AFTER i watched... THE GREATEST FOOTBALL MOVIE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD....any givin sunday. this movie just blew that piece of crap outta the water. i liked the acting of that country singer...he seemed real natural. worth watching...nice ending...all the way.
B002QW7AJY|3.0|Well cast and believably brought to the screen,  this movie suffers from straddling genre types somewhat, but the overall story arc is ultimately satisfying and the acting passes muster... even if some of the elements some overly reworked from other genre outings.  We open in a tense claustrophobic setting when Ben Foster awakes from a long cryogenic sleep, on board a spacecraft... he can't remember why he is there.  He manages to wake up another crewmember, (Dennis Quaid) and together they try and find out just exactly what is going on.  And something very, very odd and disturbing is clearly going on.  Things are not working right, and there are noises and faint screaming sounds coming from the ship.  The situation escalates from one of tense claustrophobia and unanswered questions, to some more routine genre elements of monsters (think The Rievers, from Serenity), chases and a race against time.  There are certainly some tense moments, and perhaps a few mild scares, but this is not an out and out horror movie, despite the `Resident Evil' connection proudly displayed on the cover.  It has some of the early creepiness of Event Horizon, but is not as disturbing.  Neither does this feel like an effects driven sci-fi - it has a more characters-in-peril feel, in an old fashioned way.  The ending is a satisfying resolution, but the movies undoing is the way the tone jerks uneasily from one style to the next along the way.  From claustrophobic tension to running along corridors, a soupcon of resident evil style fighting `bad guys', token woman to grace the cover and a just a taste of something new to give it some credibility.. it's as if there were several different directions they could have taken it, and they tried to squeeze most of them in to draw in the widest audience.   I liked it, but those expecting a movie conforming to any prior expectations based on tag-lines or producer connections, might well be disappointed.  Flawed then, but an interesting enough additionto the sci-fi catalogue.
0307271862|3.0|Can hate be hereditary?  Does our DNA include code for revenge?  Reading The Man from Beijing is likely to make you ponder these very questions.  Mankell's novel is a first rate thriller that goes beyond mystery into incredible historical narratives.  It spans three continents (Europe, Asia and North America) and several generations, travelling from remote villages in China to the U.S. and the building of the rail lines of the West.<br />The novel starts with the grisly discovery of 19 dead bodies in a remote village in Sweden.  The eerie crime introduces us to a three unique female characters:  a detective working the case, a federal judge from Skane and a Communist Party member from Beijing.  All three are linked in the complicated puzzle of the crime, one that originates more than 100 years before the murders.<br />The pace is brisk, the writing lean and the plot complex.  At times I needed to pause and mentally regroup, just to get my bearings.  This isn't a quick or easy read because the author digs far deeper into historical details than most novels.  Much of the story relates to experiences of men who have a little authority and who use it to demean and debase others.  Additionally, there is no place for CSI style details in this, as the details of police work lie in the background behind the incredible story.<br />I really appreciated Mankell's writing style because it didn't get tied up in unnecessary details.  He focuses on the narrative but also on the complex relationships between marriage mates and the inevitable changes that occur in friendships over time.  The three prominent women are all powerful characters and do not show the typical neediness or passive aggressive tendencies that are sometimes portrayed alongside a strong will.<br />The only hesitation I felt in reading this was from a baffling string of terribly unlikely events that led to finding evidence and to solving elements of the crime.  A few of these stretched any sense of realism away and left me disoriented, especially considering how well thought out the plot is. All in all, it's a worthy read but requires a commitment and time to absorb the details of the various time periods presented.nd left me disoriented, especially considering how well thought out the plot is. All in all, it's a worthy read but requires a commitment and time to absorb the details of the various time periods presented.
B000PMGS8G|5.0|I purchased this as a gift for my adult son.  He said it is very, very nice.  Thank You  Good Job Amazon.com
B002WY65VU|5.0|My son is an avid horror fan and has a collection of probably 2000 horror movies. I can't bear to watch most of them, but I did watch Zombieland with him and I actually liked it! The actors and acting had a lot to do with it, but the script and humor was what really brought me around. I did cover my eyes a few times, but I laughed a lot!
031606792X|5.0|I finished reading the first three novels in the Twilight series some months ago, but I hesitated on reading the fourth. I had read a number of the one star reviews and let myself be concerned by them. I shouldn't have been. Having just finished Breaking Dawn, I found it to be a delight. All the loose ends were wrapped up nicely, and yet I didn't find it feeling contrived. Certainly some of the plot elements were unexpected, and even though I expected everything would tie up nicely in the end, I was pleased to see that exactly how everything would wrap up was not unduly predictable or foreshadowed, and I enjoyed the tension as I read thru it at speed in great anticipation of the next twist and turn. I don't want to go into excess detail for fear of spoiling a good read, but as someone who reads literally stacks of books on an ongoing basis, I found this one to be a great \\"page turner\\" and an unexpected delight.
0307454541|4.0|Mikael Blomkvist, a Swedish financial journalist, is convicted of libeling a wealthy financial magnate.  Before he spends jail time, he receives an offer from someone who promises to help him exact revenge on the wealthy man who has caused his downfall.  In return Mikael is asked to spend a year finding out the truth behind the disappearance of the man's granddaughter.  Along the way, Mikael is aided in his search by a quirky, anti-social woman who bears a dragon tattoo on her arm.  This is an interesting book with a clever plot and memorable characters.
0061730327|5.0|I came across this book as research for a documentary into energy and was interested in the human face to what is a growing problem in the third world, energy poverty. What I discovered was an engaging, well written, descriptive and entertaining book.  I laughed with the Author and shared his ups and downs. In a world of books that is dominated by first world experience and voice it was so wonderful to be taken away and into the life of a boy in Malawi and share his passion and discovery for something we take so for granted, electricity.  I have told everyone about this book and because I want to share this tale will be buying another copy to pass onto family and friends.  A must read for anyone who wants to be inspired by someone who has nothing, but gives it their heartfelt all when trying to change their lives.
0385528752|5.0|Switch places emphasis on creating the correct environment for change.  It is more than telling people what you want you must make them want to change (illustrative stories and anecdotes help people picture change) and provide the tools for change.   This is definitely applied psychology.  I downloaded the unabridged mp3 (fast download and easy iPod sync) and have already been able to implement the initial tools.   Change is not easy but this book provides a manageable process.
B002VPE1AW|1.0|Am I the only one who is deeply disturbed by the use of constant violence in this film by everyone from the animals to all of the people, human and non-human, as part of the storytelling to illustrate that violence is not the answer?
B002VPE1B6|5.0|A one star rating for this movie is rediculous. Some people just enjoy special features, (how the movie is made, pop ups while you're watching etc..). This is so distracting I can't believe they even allow it on a movie disc! It's all about the main movie, the way it was meant to, and should be viewed. Having the movie playing while you're in the menu is totally wrong. Is it \\"cool\\" to have that tecnnology and apply it just because you can do so much with a disc now? ABSOLUTELY NOT!!! It's the most annoying thing to have to yell \\"don't look!\\" \\"don't look!\\" to friends, while you're trying to navigate the menu. It's getting harder and harder to thoroughly enjoy and get lost in a movie. I really hope they don't ruin Avatar.
B0031ZWZR2|2.0|There is a premise that sounds at least promising, but the result ends up sounding like a Hallmark movie made on the cheap (and all the sappy music cues are right on target), and looking like one of those direct to dvd sci-fi flicks. This has the stink of Brannon Braga all over it--the same guy responsible for the execrable \\"Threshold,\\" as well as the sharp drop in the quality of \\"24\\" in the past couple of years, and the guy who's vision of Star Trek was to drive it into the ground (who knew that the crashing of the Starship Enterprise in \\"Star Trek: Generations\\" would be such an ideal metaphor for Braga's guardianship of the franchise?). Even though the premise of \\"FlashForward\\" doesn't exactly capture the imagination, it has the potential to turn into something good, but the premise alone can't hold up the show. The writing is utterly mundane, hackneyed, and cliche-ridden--the dialogue among characters is typical of low-budget cable made for tv movies. And, of course, there is the typical calculated effort to be ever-so-slightly edgy/scandalous in the graphic depiction of a lesbian relationship. Braga is trying to remain relevant during a time when guys with real ideas for freshness, like J.J. Abrams, Tim Kring, Damon Lindeloff, and Carlton Cuse, are really providing compelling sci-fi viewing. Braga's time has passed--he can't keep up with these guys. His ideas are like something pot-smoking college students might come up with during a night in their dorm room on the mary jane. \\"Wouldn't it be cool, if, like, everybody passed out for a minute and saw a vision of themselves 6 months in the future.\\" \\"Dude yeah, that would be insane.\\" I know the show is based on a novel, but it's just the kind of thing Braga would be associated with. \\"Lost\\" and \\"Fringe\\" are both built on premises that are actually challenging to the viewer; they are conceptualized in a way that is quite fresh, with depth that the viewer will find unpredictable. Even though \\"Heroes\\" has hit the skids,it started out pretty great too and was at least compelling even though the concept of superheroes is not new--Kring was able to inject some life into what could have been another flaccid genre show; too bad it ended up being turned over to people not as talented as Tim Kring. I predict this show, like other projects Braga has been associated with, will die a quick death, and end up being one of those \\"The Complete Series\\" sets that you can get used on Amazon for around (...), like \\"Surface,\\" and \\"Point Pleasant,\\" and \\"Threshold.\\"   Is the series horrible? No, but in a way, being utterly mediocre is worse because it just reaffirms how bereft of imagination some show creators and tv writers are (and how barren the creative landscape is). If someone really took a bold shot at something interesting, and it turned out bad, that would at least be more respectable than this repository of cliches and TV conventionalism. I will say this, however, the show was edgy enough to have a white male as president of the United States. I'm sure in the environment of network and cable tv, any arrangement that resembles the \\"traditional\\" social fabric is a tad odd. For that, I give them credit. The truly \\"edgy\\" thing one can do today is NOT to be edgy, because it would be totally unexpected. Remember when Madonna and Britney Spears kissed on stage during that performance--yeah, it was the least surprising thing I've ever seen. What WOULD have been truly unexpected would be for them NOT to have tried to do something scandalous, because everyone knows that they're going to. Putting on a professional show is all you need. If the show is organically conceived and intelligently written, that's where its quality lies; there's no need for \\"edginess.\\"     The above comments should not be construed to suggest that I object to a non-white male president (in fact, I think it's a cause for celebration), I just find it tiring that so many shows do avoid writing the president as a white male when you know they do it just because they're specifically trying to incorporate edginess or progressivism into the show. Battlestar Galactica did it, Prison Break, and 24 both according to race and gender (all before the election of Obama). And it would be great to see that change sometimes, if only the shows didn't reek of calculated edginess.    Oh, and let me add that I agree with those who condemn the practice of releasing half-season sets so the company can squeeze more bucks out of us. I absolutely refuse to buy Eureka season 3.0, getting half a season for not much less than a full season costs. I understand that they don't plan to release the second half of \\"FlashForward\\" alone, they're just going to release the whole season. I think I read that, but I'm not absolutely sure it's true. If it is, the people who bought this set will essentially have to buy it again to get the full season. I think, however, in this case they're just trying to build more of an audience for the show when it resumes. It makes sense, but the only hard evidence I have is that the set comes with a (...) coupon for the full season when it is released.     How do you do italics on this thing? It pains me to put titles in quotation marks when they should be italicized.    Hmm, they took out my references to dollar amounts. Anybody know why? There's probably a policy somewhere I haven't read.
B001CD3PLU|5.0|The Best Movie of the 80's, and a potential kids movie, that does not speak down to younger people for a moment...we all wanna be a goonie!!  great blu ray transfer, but am definatley going to get a 25th anniversary edition if and when it comes out this year
B002VPE1B6|4.0|I saw this movie, and it was a very good sci-fi epic, but in my mind it's still not even HIS best. I actually still like \\"Terminator\\" and \\"Aliens\\" better, basically because the stories were more original with better dialogue, acting, and in the case of Aliens a great and memorable musical score. \\"Avatar\\" had none of those things. The story isn't original(basically \\"Dances With Wolves\\" in the future on another planet), the acting was fairly mundane, and the musical score was in fact forgettable. Unfortunately James Horner hasn't recaptured his old magic here lately.    The best parts of \\"Avatar\\" definitely are on the technical achievement side. Cameron has set the stage for other movies beind made that up until now weren't possible without you thinking \\"what terrible CGI!\\" I'm still not a huge fan of cgi and probably never will be, but at least in this movie I was able to suspend disbelief more than in other cgi-fests. Cameron also filmed one heck of a battle scene at the end which rivals any ever shot for a sci-fi/action movie.    In the long run you should buy this movie if you're a sci-fi fan. It's one to add to the collection, no doubt, but if you haven't seen it I would advise you not to expect the most glorious piece of art ever made. It's a very good movie, just not the hyped up Academy Award contender it was made out to be.
0670021652|4.0|As many reviewers have noted, this is a very different book from Eat, Pray, Love. It really isn't so much of a memoir, although it does cover the period of Elizabeth Gilbert's life in which she and Felipe - the Brazilian she met and fell in love with at the end of EPL - are aimlessly traveling about Asia as they wait for U.S. immigration to clear them both for marriage. Much of the book is a sociological and historical analysis of the institution of marriage from every possible angle. The author draws on her journalistic expertise for this much more than in EPL, and the book is exhaustively researched. She does intersperse personal stories, and of course shares her own personal struggle to 'make peace' with marriage, as she indicates in the subtitle. But there is not quite as much emotion or humor.<br /><br />Personally, that is just fine with me. I loved the travel stories, the family history, the arguments with Felipe, and the research. In a way it is an extended personal essay on romance, marriage and relationships, and a very well-done one. Some of the history and theory got a bit long and tedious for my taste (hence the 4 instead of 5 stars), and frankly I just skimmed or even skipped through paragraphs when that got to be the case. But overall, as a 40-something married women who had severe doubts about marriage myself before committing, I think this book is right on target. Ms. Gilbert has documented the ever-changing nature of marriage, the shifts that are occurring now all over the world, and the particular challenges it poses for women. I think she does so in an even-handed and highly readable way. And I commend her for doing something so different from EPL, and yet connected, and so well.<br /><br />She says she doesn't want children, so I guess she won't be doing something similar about parenthood, which is too bad, but I look forward to whatever she does come up with next none the less.
B00005JLCI|3.0|Brannaugh's \\"Hamlet\\" insightful and compelling (but taken a bit too fast);  \\"Ophelia\\", \\"Gertrude\\", and \\"Claudius\\" all wonderful; Billy Krystal's \\"Gravedigger\\" funny but touching, and Robin Williams' \\"Osric\\" just hysterically funny;  and Heston's \\"Player King\\" possibly the best thing he ever did (the role that that hamola was meant for). Every single character played as near perfectly as it ever has been: a brilliant batch of leads supported by a brilliant batch of cameo bits.    And all wasted on a production set in (why? for God's sake?) 18th-Century Russia, costumed with an eye to freakiness (Claudius in a crew-cut?  Please!), and stage effects overdone.    Every effort made to distract attention from those marvellous performances!    This could have been the finest \\"Hamlet\\" ever made.  What a shame.
B0039UTDFG|1.0|I'm thankful to all the 1 star reviews which alerted me before ordering such a great documentary, only to be forced to listen to Oprah narration.     As everyone else said, get the David Attenborough version available on Amazon.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|This film in part remainded me of Kate Bush.  18 years missing (10 in Cameron's case) and all we get is [[ASIN:B000BHNLX0 Aerial]]!  Avatar and Aerial are as vapid a piece of work as you could wish to experience. Full of complete hippy/trippy new world nonsense, However in Ms Bush's case she doesn't rip off people's ideas wholesale (Roger Dean should sue Cameron for grand theft!  So, what is so bad about Avatar, apart from everything.  1) No plot and no original ideas. For marines with lots of guns - see Aliens, nauseating 'love' story - See Titanic, For the amount of blue, see the abyss.  2) no acting worth a mention  3) Worse racal stereotyping since Jar-Jar Binks!  3) Complete ignorance of the laws of Physics and Biology. This film is supposed to be Science Fiction - the clue is in the word \\"Science\\" as follows    Pandora is a moon of a gas giant with a thriving ecosystem - Wrong - The tidal forces alone would prevent this, let alone radiation and EM waves.  The Pnndorans are Blue - Wrong - Pandora is a Carbon based ecosystem (compatible with human DNA). Blue is virually unseen in Carbon lifeforms above the size of a small fish.  Pandorans have 'humanoid' - wrong - since in an ecosystem, the various higher level creatures (Mammals, Fish, Birds Reptiles) all follow the same limb pattern - On Pandora, all the big creatures seen (even the dragons) are six limbed - So should the pandorans.  This is the kind of film thst gives Science Fiction a bad image - if you want great SF - see [[ASIN:B002T9H2ME Moon [Blu-ray]]], or [[ASIN:B000UJ48SG 2001 - A Space Odyssey (Two-Disc Special Edition)]].  As to the so-called effects - Still not there guys, Still not there.  So Mr Cameron, for your next film - whatever it is. DON'T BOTHER
B002SJIO4A|4.0|I love science fiction movies so I am probably biased, but I enjoyed the movie. District 9 was an interesting movie, lots of action, very entertaining. I think the coarse language could be toned down some, it would have been a better movie with a little less. Overall, I highly recommend the movie.
0307454541|5.0|\\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" is part missing girl mystery, part financial shenanigans investigative journalism expose, part serial killer thriller, part computer geekery and hacker insider dope, and part exploration of the way a dysfunctional woman can function highly efficiently when focused. Take an absorbing, magnetic story and mix in a lot of intrigue with engrossing characters and you've got a 590 page novel that clips along without boring its readers.<br /> Mikael is an investigative financial reporter who is part owner of the magazine Millennium. He writes and prints an exegesis about the crooked dealings of a money titan named Wennerstrom. Unfortunately the titan sues him for libel, Mikael loses, and gets a ninety-day jail sentence and a fine. Fortunately he gets hired by eighty-two-year-old Henrik Vanger to write a family history but especially to look into the disappearance of his grandniece Harriet Vanger some forty years before. Henrik wants to know why the family murdered her and why they have been trying to drive him insane with a yearly gift of a single flower on his birthday.<br /> Lisbeth Salander, the fascinating title character, is a misfit, a loner, a hippie, an avenger, and a hacker who joins Blomkvist in an investigation that puts both of them in great physical danger. She wouldn't want you to feel sorry for her (she could care less what other people thimk of her), but you do develop an affinity for her.<br />This is the third book the Millennium trilogy by the late Stieg Larsson who died at the age of fifty in 2004. Parts of the book are very suspenseful, melodramatic and action-packed, but it is the story itself, the author's way of telling you the story, and the pull of the characters that will hold your interest. The book has an excellent plot, well-narrated with vivid hypnotic characters. It gets more exciting as it rolls along and pulls you in. It's better when it's dealing with the machinations of the dysfunctional Vanger family on their own island, than it is when dealing with the Wennerstrom financial hoopla in the last section.<br />It's a long slog but well worth it with graphic serial killer stuff in addition to the missing girl story. I don't think I'm ready for the other two books in the series yet but will read them eventually.sland, than it is when dealing with the Wennerstrom financial hoopla in the last section.   It's a long slog but well worth it with graphic serial killer stuff in addition to the missing girl story. I don't think I'm ready for the other two books in the series yet but will read them eventually.
B002PMV9FG|5.0|this was really good movie. i felt it was shorter than the others but maybe that's just me. the dvd came fast and without any scratches. i'm very pleased with my purchase & i can't wait for the deathly hollows 2 come out :)
B0000TG9E2|4.0|I bought this from the Family DVD Warehouse and it came fast! Packaging was great and everything seemed fine. The DVD freezes in one spot though. We have tried cleaning it and everything but every time the movie gets to that spot it freezes and acts up. Other than that everything is great. We bought this movie so we could watch it before seeing the new one in theaters (which was really good!) =)
B002ONC9NC|4.0|An intelligent and ambitious young student meets a charming older man, who sweeps her off her feet with his lavish lifestyle, and very quickly threatens to jeopardize her dreams of studying at Oxford.<br /><br />Carey Mulligan gives an admirably nuanced performance as the precocious 16-year-old Jenny, whose desire to escape her middle-class upbringing makes her ripe for seduction by the apparently world wise and street smart David, played intelligently by Peter Sarsgaard, who manages somehow to make him sympathetic in spite of his sleaziness.  The film aims to depict a situation, a period in a young woman's life, without moralizing and without making anyone into either victim or villain, and does so brilliantly.<br /><br />It is a rich and intriguing film, that brings the Britain of the 1960's to life.  Director Lone Sherfig (who directed the darkly comic [[ASIN:B00068S3IM Wilbur (Wants to Kill Himself)]] as well as the playful Dogme 95 film [[ASIN:B00006ADFP Italian for Beginners]]) manages to capture quite nicely the era, and the subtleties of language and attitude that mark class distinctions of that time.  At the same time, while certain attitudes depicted in the film mark it as past, the issues it raises and the freshness of their delivery make the film seem quite contemporary.  (On that note, I couldn't help but consider for a moment that Carey Mulligan's Jenny is much like a more refined and elegant version of the spunky and sarcastic [[ASIN:B000YABYLA Juno]] as played by Ellen Page).  Recommended.
0670021652|4.0|EPL quickly became one of my favorite books after I read it last year.  I could not put it down - I felt that I was on my own personal journey with Elizabeth Gilbert as we ate our way through Italy, found our spirituality in India, and finally discovered our inner strength, calm and romance in Indonesia.  Committed does not have the same carefree lithe that EPL possessed. This is not a journey through the selfish world of self-discovery, which made EPL a fast and ravenous read. Committed still describes Gilbert's inner thoughts, questions, concerns and \\"ah-ha!\\" moments, but she also takes a step outside of herself, making a place for Felipe's feelings and views as well, and really digging deep into the cultural, moral, religious, and historical facts about marriage. As someone who is struggling not to be a marriage skeptic at the moment, I devoured this book.  Anyone struggling with thoughts on committed relationships and marriage could benefit from its wisdom - we live in an age when 50% of all unions end in divorce. Despite all warnings, historical evidence, and other cautions, people are still jumping into marriages, feet first. Committed takes a very honest look at the reasons why, and in the end, I know I felt more optimistic about the subject than not.  Those who are not struggling with this topic may find Committed a bit more lackluster.  In either case, no one can argue that Gilbert is a gifted writer - her prose easily flows from one thought and topic to the next, in verbiage that keeps you informed and interested.
006097625X|5.0|The first time I encountered this book was in a painting class.  Not only did it completely change the way I thought about comics, it also changed the way I think about the visual arts in general.  McCleod's examples are clear, interesting, and funny.  I highly recommend this book for anyone who enjoys comics, wants to write them, or wants to create stimulating visual art in any medium.
B00328G4V6|2.0|This is lame. I'm a Hendrix fanatic and was looking forward to this release. Not only was I disappointed by the second or third listen, I was actually angry. The lack of quality control is disturbing enough to make me question the motives of the people putting it out.     The version of 'Stone Free' is the gold. The mythical 'Valleys Of Neptune' track is pretty great, but it does sound  like it needed more work. 'Lover Man' is pretty cool. But the rest of the music meanders on too long, with solos collapsing in on themselves.     And you'll find-- if you listen from beginning to end--the quality deteriorates. The last few tracks on this release should not have been made available at all. This, at best, should've been a 45 minute disc. Sometimes less IS more.     It'll be interesting to see if those who wrote some of the more ecstatic reviews on this website will go back and change them after a few serious listens.     Yes, Hendrix's rehearsals ARE better than a lot of material released by other artists over the past 40 years-- but that's a false comparison. We're talking about someone who reinvented rock guitar. His output should not be treated lightly...    If EVERY note Hendrix played is to be released, it will tarnish the great man's massive legacy, and unfairly diminish him.    There's heaps of stuff that hasn't been legally released. What small parts of it I have heard has stunned me. I hope the people behind this latest reissue program manage to get some of that out next time 'round.    Then again, the next release just could be 'Hendrix Tunes Up'.    And a warning to buyers--  you may find yourself with a sticker on the cover (telling you it's a Hendrix album). I nearly ruined the cover trying to get the dumb thing off. If I were a true completist, I'd go buy another one. Is this a sneaky way to get someone to buy the album twice...?
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Food Inc enlightened me mostly about the lives/death of chickens and the industry greed to make a profit.
1932100660|5.0|This is one of the most important books of my life and it will become an increasingly important book for Americans who need an alternative to the traditional health care system.  If you want to be healthy, stay healthy and avoid doctors and hospitals, this book is a must read.   I believe it is the solution to a million global problems.  Make this book your priority.
B002UZXJA6|5.0|I love this new CD by Celtic Woman. IT is  certainly from their heart to ours. Each song takes you to the various parts of your soul. Never before has \\"Amazing Grace\\" been sung so hauntingly as to make you feel you have really been found. Their \\"America\\" makes one feel proud to be American with much appreciation. Teh msuic is beautiful and the voices are magnificent. You'll be taken to Ireland with this CD.
1904605427|5.0|It is an abridged version which gives you a general idea of the contents of the classic novel.
0802473156|2.0|After hearing rave personal reviews about this book, my fiancee and I decided to read this in efforts to better prepare ourselves for marriage. After reading this book, I admit that this book is based on a good premise (people respond to different kinds of expressions of love in different ways) but that is about where things stopped.    For one, the author seems to \\"toot his own horn\\" from the very start, with the audacious claim that there are exactly five love languages (with different dialects, he admits) and that he has discovered them. I, not turned off by the hubris of the author, felt nothing short of the full honor and privilege that this modern day Prometheus was going to bring down the fire of marriage happiness to me in book form.    Reading on through the book however, I found the same (anecdotal) information being presented to me over and over again. I noticed that throughout the book, there seemed to be no footnotes or references to actual research of human behavior and/or other counselors, but then again this is probably because our author made this pivotal discovery all by himself.    Being a Christian, I did appreciate the references to the Bible. What I did not appreciate, however, are how some of his use of scripture seems to be used, like in the last chapter, where we learn that Jesus told us (in his sermon on the mount) that he wants women to reform their verbally abusive husbands using sex as a tool. (I guess I was sick that day of Sunday school).    I would recommend that anyone who wants the author's best treatment of the subject to read the [[ASIN:B001TJXHZG The Five Love Languages for Singles [5 LOVE LANGUAGES FOR SINGLES]]].
B000JMKNV0|5.0|Thankfully I decided to read this book before I watched the movie that had been somewhat recently released.  Shutter Island by in far reminds me very much of another book I'd read a long while back, called The Magus by Fowles, which is another excellent book that should be read by pretty much everyone.<br />I finished Shutter Isl in just about two days and it was a fantastic page turner, as usual the movie is a sickly phantom of the book, a crib note to the story proper.  This has been my first Lehane book but certainly not my last, and if you still can, read this book before you see the movie, you'll thank yourself later.<br />imo a fun and visceral must read.<br />(reviewed on Kindle)
B0039UTDFG|1.0|The mere fact that this version is narrated by Oprah is reason enough for me to steer way clear of it and advise others to do likewise.  Given that this is a woman who 1) supports Obama's agenda just because he's black, 2) actually believed \\"an Inconvenient Truth,\\" and 3) has more or less forgone Christianity and crafted her own wacky religion with herself as the center, thanks but no thanks - I'll stick with David Attenborough!
B002KSPKRS|4.0|Much of the good points of these headphones have been discussed already in other reviews, so I won't waste your time adding much more. Overall the headsets are a lot of fun for gaming, and I'm glad I have them, but there are some setbacks you should know about before purchasing them.    1 - comfort level leaves a lot to be desired. My ears aren't particularly large, and yet they barely fit in the headphones. The first half hour is fine, but after that the pressure of the headphones pressing my ear against my head becomes uncomfortable, and I have to readjust them every few minutes.  Not agonizing, but could be much better fit if only they were a little bit larger.    2 - there are some design choices that make you ask yourself -- how the heck did this make it through committee meetings, engineering reports, testing -- and make it into the final product. Like, I once drove a car where if you wanted to honk the horn, you had to press down a tiny button on the very tip of the turn signal. I mean, a truly moronic idea that was actually manufactured and sold into the car!    Well, these headphones have an idiotic idea built into them. Standard xbox 360 headphones (for voice chat) plug into your controller and have an easy to access mute switch right by your thumb. While you play the game, if you want to mute/unmute your mic, you just slide your thumb down and flip a switch. Never have to let go of the controller.     These headphones don't work like that. Nooooooo. There's a long, thin cable between the headphones and the controller -- that's fine. And 1/3 of the way up from the controller on this cable is a tiny rectangular box. The box has a tiny tiny slider on one side that controls your mic volume, and a tiny tiny switch on the other side that controls your mute settings.    So, say you want to mute your mic in the middle of a Modern Warfare 2 battle, and you're playing in a room with the lights off. Well, you've got to PUT THE CONTROLLER DOWN, feel your way up thiscable to find the plastic box that's just slightly larger than a quarter, and then, well, GUESS which side of the box controls your mic volume, and which side is the mute switch. They are so small there's no way to feel your way through this.    Wait, your lights are on? Better, but still plan on putting the controller down (this requires 2 hands, one to hold the idiot little box, the other to toggle the switch), but the text on the plastic cover is SOOO small, and the switches sooo similar, that it'll take you a second to figure out which switch does what.    Yo, Turtle Beach... find the designer who came up with this brilliant idea and give him a choice: he can be fired, or he can be flogged mercilessly and keep his job but be demoted to a human stepstool. Because this guy is a moron. Then, go get your execs that APPROVED Mr. Moron's work, and flog them all THEN fire them.     All they had to do was keep the mute switch right where Microsoft has theirs. But noooooo, they had to lose some IQ points and screw it all up by placing it in an inaccessible, difficult to find, constantly moving location (because, you know, thin cables move around a lot).    Oh by the way, the other controls? Headset volume, effects button, etc? Not easy to find without taking headsets off and looking at them, either. But not as bad as the above piece of idiot engineering.
B000059XUT|5.0|This is the first time I have ordered from Amazon and was surprised how easy and rewarding it was.  My product was shipped and arrived sooner than I expected.  It arrived in perfect order - no damage at all - we opened it and enjoyed it immediately.  Was a very pleasant experience and will definitely order from Amazon again.  This movie is so cute and has become one of my favorite to watch with my grandchildren.  I am definitely looking forward to the second and third one.  Love Amazon.com!!!!
1592289444|4.0|Well written. Very engaging, grabs you at the beginning and keeps the pace strong. It would be  fascinating ficton but the reality is ads extra appeal. These are not gloosy ideals but gritty real people.
B002YIHO7I|3.0|I liked the cd , it was vintage Sade , however some of the rhythms sounded similar or had some similarities with with the previous album.The other reason i gave it three stars , is that , it only had ten tracks and the cd is only 48mins long...however i did pay less purchasing from Amazon.
1410422763|5.0|absolutely impossible to miss. must read for any woman (married or not, with kids or not).  will set you free...
0312539525|5.0|&quot;Paths of Glory&quot; is a highly fictionalized biography of George Leigh Mallory, culminating with his attempt to Mount climb Everest in the 1920s.<br /><br />KUDOS<br />I ordered this book by accident.  I ordered what I thought was a &quot;generic Archer novel&quot;, because I couldn't find anything else that looked interesting on the spur of the moment.  I usually find sufficient flaws in Archer's sloppy writing to rate his novels at 3 or 4 stars.  I dislike tales of upper class English adventure, I particularly dislike biographies, and I generally loath mountain climbing stories.  So it came as a great surprise to me that I found &quot;Paths of Glory&quot; to be engrossing and very entertaining.  The exposition is vivid. The characters are well developed and the story is nicely paced.<br /><br />COMPLAINTS<br />Descriptions of some characters are rather fawning (Archer's relatives or relatives of his friends?).  Also, the stereotyped description of Americans is a bit annoying.<br /><br />VERDICT<br />A very pleasant surprise.  An excellent story.
0393072231|5.0|THis book has it all,  details, suspense and facts thrown in of course in a kind of layman style...wallstreet for the everyday man or woman... It is good for an afternoon break from work,if you want to understand more about economics... a cd in the car or a vacation book read. It will brinig you into the world of exciting thrilling  finances to the ends of the earth where the oil is and then back into your seat to read another of the authors books. [[ASIN:0756641179 James Bond: The Secret World of
B00338QELU|5.0|Before Stieg Larsson and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, there was Henning Mankell, the long-reigning Swedish king of crime fiction with his internationally popular series of detective novels featuring the world-weary policeman, Kurt Wallander. With The Man From Beijing, Mankell has reclaimed his right to the summit.<br /><br />The first volume of Larsson's Millennium Trilogy, Tattoo, was a revelation and, to nearly everyone's surprise but the author's -- and that only because he'd died in 2004 -- the book was a breakthrough international bestseller. A Swedish-subtitle film of the same name is opening in the USA as I write, and an American production in English may not be far behind. But the second novel in the trilogy, The Girl Who Played With Fire, though engrossing, was disappointing by comparison. (See my earlier review in this blog.)<br /><br />The Man From Beijing was anything but disappointing. I had devoured every one of Mankell's Kurt Wallander novels, catching them as soon as they appeared in English. Beijing showcases the same insightful treatment of the \\"new\\" multicultural Sweden, the same fine understanding of how cultures clash and confuse, and the same wholly believable characters caught up in a horrific sequence of events that skirts the limits of the possible but never quite crosses over the line.<br /><br />Mankell's protagonist in The Man From Beijing is Birgitta Roslin, a district court judge in a small Swedish city. In the midst of marital conflict and the psychic weight of aging -- she's in her mid-fifties -- Roslin finds herself caught up in the second-worst murder incident in Sweden's history (after the assassination of Prime Minister Olof Palme, a real-life event that took place in 1986). Nineteen people, all but one of them retired to live out the few remaining years of their lives in a tiny, isolated northern village, are brutally murdered. Roslin's passion for the truth leads her to undertake an independent investigation during time off from her work, since the police in charge of the case seem to be ignoring what she is convinced are important clues. That investigation eventually leads her into perilous circumstances in China.<br /><br />The story line in Beijing is beautifully constructed, maintaining suspense until the book's climax very near the end. As a murder mystery alone, this novel is worth its weight in electrons -- yes, I read it on my Kindle -- but I was equally gripped by Mankell's astute depiction of leadership-level politics in China today and by the convincing way he portrays the standard Chinese defense of Robert Mugabe's Zimbabwe.<br /><br />Mankell knows whereof he speaks when his novels venture into Africa. For the past 25 years, he has been the director of a theater in Mozambique and divides his time between Sweden and East Africa. It's truly refreshing to read stories by a writer who cares not only about his characters but also about the state of the world.<br /><br />(From Mal Warwick's Blog on Books)police in charge of the case seem to be ignoring what she is convinced are important clues. That investigation eventually leads her into perilous circumstances in China.    The story line in Beijing is beautifully constructed, maintaining suspense until the book's climax very near the end. As a murder mystery alone, this novel is worth its weight in electrons -- yes, I read it on my Kindle -- but I was equally gripped by Mankell's astute depiction of leadership-level politics in China today and by the convincing way he portrays the standard Chinese defense of Robert Mugabe's Zimbabwe.    Mankell knows whereof he speaks when his novels venture into Africa. For the past 25 years, he has been the director of a theater in Mozambique and divides his time between Sweden and East Africa. It's truly refreshing to read stories by a writer who cares not only about his characters but also about the state of the world.    (From Mal Warwick's Blog on Books)
B0031D56R0|5.0|Antes que nada este dvd puede ser reproducido en ambas regiones 1 y 4. El estuche dice que es region 4, pero he comprobado en mi ps3 (region 1)., que tambien puede ser reproducido.<br /><br />La calidad de imagen es m&aacute;s de lo que yo esperaba, pense que iba a ser de baja calidad pero fue todo lo contrario, comparandolo con el dvd de Michael Jackson - Video Greatest Hits - HIStory (1995)., la calidad es muy superior.<br /><br />El sonido es dolby 2.0, no esta mal pero 5.1 seria genial, este dvd lo tiene publicado warner home video de ah&iacute; porque no estan bueno el sonido, si lo hubiera publicado epic ser&iacute;a otra cosa.<br /><br />Esta subtitulado en varios idiomas, son m&aacute;s de tres idiomas.<br /><br />First of all this DVD can be played in both regions 1 and 4. The box says it is region 4, but I have found in my ps3 (region 1)., Which can also be played.<br /><br />The image quality is more than I expected, I thought it would be of low quality but it was the opposite, comparing it with the DVD of Michael Jackson - Video Greatest Hits - HIStory (1995)., Quality is far superior.<br /><br />The sound is Dolby 2.0, not bad but 5.1 would be great, this dvd has it Warner Home Video released because there are not sound good, if any published epic would be different.<br /><br />This subtitled in several languages, are more than three languages.
B001MS7IBS|5.0|I found this first season captivating and very,very interesting. I can't wait to buy season two when it comes out. I just love everything about this show. It was about time someone started writing about \\"peculiar\\" things that might occur. I absolutely love Walter, he makes the show very interesting in an odd sort of way. I definitely reccomend people buying this dvd and sit back and just enjoy.
B000024JCA|5.0|[[ASIN:B000024JCA Live Dates]]<br />Great live recording of a much overlooked dual lead guitar british blues and hard rock band. Saw them recently and they are still better than most of the groups out there today. Andy Powell and Ted Turner recorded some great dual lead guitar riffs on  [[ASIN:B000062X90 Argus]] album<br />including their one of many classic albums \\"Pilgramage\\". They will be touring in April 2010. Make it a point to see them. RonnieM
B0033AX26I|5.0|I appreciate the effort the reviewers went to in order to explain and clarify the important elements of the historical context. I already read some books on this war after seeing the film One Man's Hero. [[ASIN:1574887386 The Rogue's March: John Riley and the St. Patrick's Battalion, 1846-48 (The Warriors)]]I love the chieftains and Mexican folk music so I knew I would like the music.  I ordered the Cd/DVD combo. I totally recommend this to anyone thinking about ordering the cd. because viewing the short videos and watching the musicians blend and play and dance together, is a surpringly touching joy to watch. It adds a extra depth of understanding to the listening experience. It is well worth the extra dollars in my humble opinion. thanks all.
B001QWBM62|4.0|I use this to record music in a therapeutic setting. It's simple to use, although I imagine I could get quite fancy with it. The in-built microphones are great quality, and the transfer to the computer is simple and efficient. I really don't have to worry about catching the content of my therapy sessions, no matter the volume. It's trustworthy, and compact.
006112429X|3.0|The first book I've really gotten into as a 'page-turner' in a long while.  I stayed up late last night to finish it.  It seems to me though like two different books.  The first third or so, a psychologically insightful examination of a relationship and the decision about child-bearing.  The author is so good at describing the undercurrents of typical everyday gestures, artificial small-talk, and the ways we are all dishonest with each other.      I don't think I am confusing the author with the narrator, but would say that the portrayal of the narrator is fascinating, deep, and complex.  But that is the only character of which I think the author has any important understanding.  I think I had hoped I would find in this book some understanding of a teenage killer.  That is not there.  In fact, I think at some point this novel changes from an interesting psychological study to a, well, horror novel; with pretty much the usual understanding of motivation found in a typical horror novel; which is to say next to none.  It's a good horror novel, the reader really wants to see what happens next.  But I felt a little cheated, and a little guilty about reading a horror novel instead of something more thoughtful concerning a 'nature versus nurture' debate.    But it really makes me think about how hard it truly to really understand someone different.  Now, I'm not a big reader, and don't mean to sound pretentious, but I am beginning to see why the great novelists (Tolstoy, Mark Twain etc.) are great.  Somehow they can understand someone who is not like them.  Wow.
0307454541|1.0|I did not like this book.  VERY hard to comprehend with the $, business and twisted lingo weaved throughout the entire book.  Very scary if this brutality against women was the author's reality.  Liked nothing about this book.  Pick up something else for a good read.
B0034U4QLM|5.0|I appreciate the efforts the reviewers of the CD only version went to in order to explain and clarify the important elements of the historical context. I already read some books on this war after seeing the film One Man's Hero. The Rogue's March: John Riley and the St. Patrick's Battalion, 1846-48 (The Warriors)I love the chieftains and Mexican folk music so I knew I would like the music. I ordered the CD/DVD combo. I totally recommend this to anyone thinking about ordering the cd. because viewing the short videos and watching the musicians blend and play and dance together, is a surpringly touching joy to watch. It adds a extra depth of understanding to the listening experience. It is well worth the extra dollars in my humble opinion. thanks all.
B001GCUO5M|4.0|Given the insanely talented cast and crew that assembled this film, one would certainly expect a lot going in. Shutter Island delivers in fine fashion, thanks to the great screenplay and the performance of Leonardo DiCaprio.<br /><br />Shutter Island stops just short of greatness, in my opinion, because of a lack of subtlety and nuance on the part of Scorsese. As a veteran director, and likely the best one living today, he undoubtedly had his way with how this entire film played out. On a positive note, there was little wasted time. Those reviewers who claim the film to be a bore were obviously attending the wrong film - Shutter Island is far from that. But Scorsese makes two errors. First, he assumes that bombastic, overbearing musical interludes and occasional dialogue attempting to inject humor into the film are tantamount to the noir quality that classic phychological thrillers typically have. That type of subtle ingenuity was what made the film \\"Memento\\" so great. For those of you who have not seen it, Memento is widely considered the greatest psychological thriller ever filmed. By comparison, Shutter Island is a very loud film with endless spoken dialogue, and a huge Hollywood star around every turn, even in bit roles. Films like Shawshank Redemption and The Sixth Sense work so well because of the subtlety of the characters, and therefore the \\"twists\\" are more effective in making the viewer take a step back and think rather than go for shock value. (The scene at the end of the film with DiCaprio and his wife at the lake was one of the more overwrought scenes I have ever seen).<br /><br />Having said that, this is easily in the top 5 films of the past year, and certainly DiCaprio's best performance. Without him, the film would not have had the sincerity and integrity to pull it over the line. But DiCaprio proves he can carry more than his share of the weight, and the rest of the cast (VonSydow in particular) makes sure his performance is not in vain. If not for the ego of Scorsese (and I realize he has the right to a huge ego, but films like this can have absolutely NONE), this could have been the greatest psychological thriller ever filmed. When a film relies so much on atmosphere and character development (and there is enough of that here to make any professional writer turn green with envy), the grandiose Hollywood effects must take a back seat, at least some of the time. When directing Shutter Island, the legendary Scorsese should have reminded himself that sometimes less is more. As it is, this film is an excellent psychological thriller, one that cracked the glass ceiling but stopped just short of shattering it.sese (and I realize he has the right to a huge ego, but films like this can have absolutely NONE), this could have been the greatest psychological thriller ever filmed. When a film relies so much on atmosphere and character development (and there is enough of that here to make any professional writer turn green with envy), the grandiose Hollywood effects must take a back seat, at least some of the time. When directing Shutter Island, the legendary Scorsese should have reminded himself that sometimes less is more. As it is, this film is an excellent psychological thriller, one that cracked the glass ceiling but stopped just short of shattering it.
B0000667RO|5.0|Excellent service and prompt delivery from Carolinagirl1951. This album has two of my all time favourites, I'm Ready (Live) and (Everything I Do) I Do For You. (Everything I Do) I Do For You was a hugely-successful song co-written and performed by Bryan Adams, featured on his 1991 album Waking up the Neighbours and on the soundtrack for the film Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves (1991). It was an enormous chart success internationally, sixteen consecutive weeks at number one on the UK Singles Chart (the longest in British chart history), spending seven weeks at number one in the United States' Billboard Hot 100, and nine weeks atop the RPM singles chart in Canada.<br /><br />The record won a Grammy Award for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or Television at the Grammy Awards of 1992 and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Song. Subsequently, the song has been covered by numerous singers around the world. The song ranked at 16 on Billboard's All Time Top 100.[[ASIN:B0000667RO Best of Me]]
B002K0WBXW|4.0|The Proposal is one of those agreeably amusing, old-fashioned kind of assemble- by-the-numbers romances which were churned out by the hundreds in the old studio days, of the 1930's and 40's. Whether this is a good thing or a bad thing depends on if old-fashioned romantic comedies appeals to you: if it does, than this release can be relished like a box of your favorite Godiva chocolates. You know what you are getting, you will enjoy every bite, and you probably won't regret having spent the time. Sandra Bullock stars as Margaret, the hard-driving book editor, who lives her workaholic life in such a fashion that - as the saying goes - when her feet hit the ground of a morning, the Devil himself says \\"Oh, s**t, she's awake!\\" Which, it is made clear, is about what her frazzled, yet hunky assistant Andrew (Ryan Reynolds)and the rest of the office is thinking. Yet, Margaret has a problem - she's Canadian, and her immigration status is questionable. Under threat of immediate deportation, (Shades of Green Card!) she claims that she and Andrew are engaged to marry. Immigration problem solved. Or maybe not: she and Andrew have to make at least a good pretense of it, especially for a trip back to his hometown of Sitka, Alaska for a family event, with Mom (Mary Steenburgen) Dad, (Craig T. Nelson) and Granny (Betty White). All of Andrew's family and friends are thrilled to the core that he is intending to marry, and joyously welcome Margaret ... and now the two of them have to put on a show for the family as well. Will Granny be blunt and conniving, and succeed in dragging Margaret to a bachelorette party featuring the only male stripper in Sitka? Yeah, this is Betty White we are talking about. Will Margaret's outer shrew be tamed? Does it end happily? Well, of course. Duh. My only unanswered questions are - Is Sitka really that incredibly scenic? How does it look in winter, then?
B002VPE1B6|2.0|The 3-D visuals and other special effects were spectacular.  The story line and character development were extremely weak in my opinion.  I found the Na'vi to be childlike at best and irritating at worst and found myself cheering for the corporation.  The only character worth watching in the entire film was Colonel Quatrich (sp).  Overall this film was a huge dissapointment for me as I had looked forward to it for a long time.  I will not be purchasing this or any other edition of Avatar.  Alice in Wonderland was a far better film, I'll save my funds for that one.
B00133KFGW|3.0|Sweet fluffy re-working of OLIVER TWIST. Meyers and the kid are great. Williams & Howard decent. Russell? I'm not sure her blank disaffected stare is actually a finely honed acting skill.
B0000242WG|5.0|Excellent service and prompt delivery from OrpheusEntertainment. 14 more excellent tracks from Bryan Adams for his fans and music lovers everywhere.[[ASIN:B0000252TO On a Day Like Today]]
B001TWT0AE|4.0|Again I have the experience of watching straight through a movie that I had always heard about, but never actually watched; I like to think of this permitting me to watch it fresh, and to see the movie on its own terms - purely as a movie, a bit of entertainment, an agreeable way of spending an evening.<br /><br />It's a twilight movie, an elegy for a West that was already gone, and perhaps never really existed, save in the minds of movie-makers like John Ford - and fitting that this should be nearly his last notable film. Fitting also that it should have been shot in black and white, and that so much of it takes place at night. The plot is as simple as one of Aesop's fables, much of it told in flash-back; the return of a notable man, Senator Ransome Stoddard (James Stewart) and his wife Hallie (Vera Miles) to the town of Shinbone, on the daily train. Where Shinbone is, exactly in the west is never quite made clear, but it is a pretty, prosperous and well-established place - but some thirty years before, the senator began his political career there, a young and idealistic lawyer from the east. Then Shinbone was a rough and lawless place, raw and just barely connected to the greater world with a stage line - and also frequently terrorized by a gang of roughs led by the Liberty Valance (Lee Marvin) of the title. Valance is a psychotic thug - and about the only man in town with the guts to stand up to him is rancher Tom Doniphan (John Wayne). How Doniphan and Stoddard first collide with each other as rivals for Hallie, and then ally against Valance forms the rest of the story - and something of the heartbreak. For Doniphan is the man of the early west, the independent and self-reliant sort, who carries his own law, his code of honor within himself; Stoddard is a man of the new west, of laws and books. No less stubborn, no less honorable - yet haunted by the knowledge that his political reputation was built on an act which was publicly credited to him, yet actually performed by another. Decades later, after Doniphan's own death Stoddard attempts to set the record straight, but is rebuffed; \\"When the legend becomes fact, print the legend,\\" answers the newspaperman, as he tears up his notes - perhaps the saddest scene in the whole movie.<br /><br />The one notable extra is a long series of linked interviews, focusing on various aspects and stars - Wayne, Steward and Marvin (whose first major role this was, and did he have a lot of gleeful fun with it!) - and featuring  a very young Peter Bogdonovich trying to drag answers out of a grumpy and barely cooperating John Ford by hook and by crook.another. Decades later, after Doniphan's own death Stoddard attempts to set the record straight, but is rebuffed; \\"When the legend becomes fact, print the legend,\\" answers the newspaperman, as he tears up his notes - perhaps the saddest scene in the whole movie.    The one notable extra is a long series of linked interviews, focusing on various aspects and stars - Wayne, Steward and Marvin (whose first major role this was, and did he have a lot of gleeful fun with it!) - and featuring  a very young Peter Bogdonovich trying to drag answers out of a grumpy and barely cooperating John Ford by hook and by crook.
B002ZTIIXK|5.0|This is a treat for all k.d.lang fans.  Listening to this collection is like following the career of this woman with the remarkable voice. Mixed in with the best from her albums are songs of her younger voice.  One can follow her growth as an artist. A truly enjoyable listen.
0375413405|5.0|I got the book because I saw the movie and read Powell's book. Plus I love reading old stuff; I wish I would have bought an origional copy! Maybe I will do that for he second, but this was still a great book. Also, the 1980s addition adds side notes on how the vary the recipes for blenders for stuff like pie crusts and also mentions stuff where you should not use blenders.<br />I don't even eat red meat so I did not think I would like the book as it seems many old fashioned meals are all meat and potatos, but this book has so many meatless dishes and fish dishes. Actually, I like their sauces for fish and they say what fishe sauces are recommended for broiled, fried or boiled. They have many vegetable recipes and she suggets what to have them wish and some she recommeds are a main course, so it is very informative.<br />The dessert recipes are great!(I know making desserts too often is contraversial, since it has sugar and starch, but I don't care cause I don't eat too much). Even if  you just make desserts once in a while, the recipes are great to have! I love the chocolate almond cake; its a lot of steps, but you don't have to make it all in one day; just be paitient and it could be completed in a couple of days instead. I love the cream cheese tart recipe with the nutmeg! I did not even think I would like french cooking; and I am not saying I would like all french food and I have never been to a french restaurant but these recipes are great! Plus they might actually be closer to france than eating in a french restuarant, as I know people from Italy who say Italian restaurants are never like they are in Italy. I love the quish recipes; they are great for not only a brunch, but a dinner!<br />My favorate recipes are the desserts though! When I made the cream cheese puff, everybody ate it and barely left me any!
B00005LC1H|5.0|Very happy with the service Amazon provides.  The item sent on time in excellent condition. Every care was taken to details.  Thanks so much!
B002S8AH00|5.0|Really, \\"10 Things\\" was so dry, witty - and yet so sharply observant about high school and the denizens within, it's almost as if it were another John Hughes movie, ten years after. Now it's another ten years after that, and it has aged marvelously well, all things considered; even the minor characters are sharply drawn, and if not actually sympathetic, they are amusing. One of the best qualities about \\"10 Things\\" is that the adult characters are also real people, not just cardboard outlines and sappy caricatures: they are as sharp and finely drawn as the teenagers - especially Alison Janney as the no-nonsense guidance counselor at Padua High, who is writing a bodice-ripping romance in between counseling sessions, and the lovingly over-protective father of teenage daughters, played by Larry Miller.<br />The plot setup is lifted wholesale from Shakespeare's \\"The Taming of the Shrew\\" - two sisters, Bianca, (Larisa Oleynik) sweet and pretty, and her older sister Kat (Julia Stiles) being a forbiddingly hostile and sour-tempered shrew.  Cameron, the new boy at Padua High (Joseph Gordon Levitt) has fallen for Bianca - who may not go out on a date unless her sister does the same. Not discouraged, Cameron attempts to fix up Kat with a slightly mysterious, brooding bad boy, Patrick Verona (Heath Ledger)  . . .  and it pretty much plays out, among the modern high school milieu of various sub-groups, which are hilariously outlined by Cameron's new friend and assistant plotter, Michael (David Khumoltz). Just as I remember from high school, there are the brains, the social set, the stoners, the gangsters, the bad boys, all of them uneasily coexisting. Sweet, funny, timeless and with a million things going on in the corners and in the background, \\"10 Things\\" can bear watching, repeatedly - like John Hughes movies.<br /><br />Extras are limited to a single fairly well organized documentary, \\"10 Things I Hate About You 10 Years Later,\\" which includes - among the cast and writer interviews - some footage of Heath Ledger's screen test.me footage of Heath Ledger's screen test.
0316017922|5.0|What can I add to this host of reviews that has not already been said?<br /><br />Perhaps nothing, but this book hit me in a profound way based on things that are happening at my work.<br /><br />Please pardon a little bit of blogging tossed in with a little bit of book reviewing - it's not my normal style.<br /><br />I am a high school teacher and we are, as a school, busily studying the racial achievement gap that exists on all (if not all, it is almost, almost, almost all) standardized tests across the country. Currently, I am bucking my school system by insisting it is not a racial gap but rather a failure of the culture of the school to attune itself to the culture of our African-American and Hispanic students. A cultural gap, as it were.<br /><br />To me this is no simple issue of semantics - if the gaps are cultural they can be overcome by re-tooling and learning new strategies. If the gaps in achievement truly are racial - based on inherited characteristics from our genetic code, well, what's the point of trying, really? (To be honest, I think they are using race as a simplistic code word for culture, but this is dangerous game to play, in my opinion).<br /><br />Anyway, Malcolm Gladwell backs up my arguments in chapters 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 & 9 with interesting analyses that shed light on the importance of learned culture on success and behaviors. I recommended this book to a member of the leadership team that is leading these discussions and he was intrigued enough to pick up the book and start reading.<br /><br />The other way that this book was meaningful was its emphasis on the role of practice in achieving success. 10,000 hours - the magic number when it takes to become a Mozart or The Beatles or Bill Gates or Michael Jordan. Note the emphasis on the individual here - you too can be a master of your chosen field with just enough practice! Sort of democratizing isn't it? This is blended together with cultural legacies in Chapter 9 to show how culture can encourage that sense of purpose in an individual.<br /><br />Anyway, I have a student teacher who will be a very good teacher one day and I spoke with her about the value of practice and experience. She won't be a master teacher in her first year, but those hours in the classroom will add up and she will be one day. Well, it sounds less profound here, written down. Believe me, it was inspiring when I spoke about it.<br /><br />So, in short, this is a heckuva interesting book. I devoured it. It gave me a lot to ruminate about.<br /><br />Highly recommended.Anyway, I have a student teacher who will be a very good teacher one day and I spoke with her about the value of practice and experience. She won't be a master teacher in her first year, but those hours in the classroom will add up and she will be one day. Well, it sounds less profound here, written down. Believe me, it was inspiring when I spoke about it.    So, in short, this is a heckuva interesting book. I devoured it. It gave me a lot to ruminate about.    Highly recommended.
B00271E1TQ|4.0|I had been wanting to read this book for a while and ended up listening to it on cd in the car. It was read by the author, Michael Lewis, whom I've always liked, and it was very good. His voice and pronunciation added something for me that made it that much more enjoyable. Either way the story is great. The business behind baseball is pretty interesting and hearing all these names of young players back in 02 who have since made it in the big leagues made it even better. Any baseball fan would enjoy this book.
B000AMJC2K|3.0|When i got it i realized i got what i paid for - let me explain:  I was trying to use this arm to mount my new 23\\" LED LCD on my desk to use as a computer monitor when set in the most upright position, then swing the arm around and down for watching TV from the couch in front of my desk.  This arm doesn't really do that - it swivels left to right well but don't expect to be adjusting tilt or monitor height on a daily basis as it's just too much hassle.  Luckily a set screw on my arm was not fully drilled so it could not stop the bolt from spinning when the arm is turned resulting in the bolt loosening as it was used - this defect let me return it for free.  I upgraded to the new and improved Ergotron LX Desk Mount LCD Arm at twice the price but providing a tensioning spring for lifting and tilting the monitor.
B001TWT0A4|4.0|El Dorado has its considerable charms, not least for the partnership of the Duke and Robert Mitchum, plus the addition of a very young James Caan, as a roving gambler named Mississippi with irregular taste in headgear - who is also absolutely hopeless with firearms. (Ed Asner is also featured, as is Christopher George, as an ice-cold villain.) All of these characters are in service to a plot which generally was done over and over - and by Howard Hawks at least three times ( Rio Bravo and as Rio Lobo being the other two iterations.) It's all very familiar, and as my daughter remarked, very much as if \\"Blazing Saddles\\" had thrown up all over \\"Silverado\\". Two old pals, plus a young whippersnapper and a crusty sidekick, find themselves on one side of a range war, out of a sense of honor and obligation to old friends. This all takes place in the classic never-never land of the Old West, sometime during indeterminate post-Civil War era, in a town with dusty streets, and wooden sidewalks shaded by the porches of plank-built businesses in Victorian style, where the sound of a rinky-dink upright piano spills out between the batwing swinging doors of a saloon. The women are feisty and fearless; in the case of one character, she goes the extra mile and wears trousers and shoots as well as any of her brothers. The dialog is snappy and character-driven; in one exchange, Robert Mitchum's character asks \\"What in hell are you doin' here\\" and the Duke growls, \\"I'm lookin' at a tin star with a drunk pinned on it.\\" El Dorado is basically your generic John Wayne Western - but it boasts a top-notch cast, all of whom seemed to be having a thoroughly marvelous time - and there are much, much, much worse DVD movies out there to watch on a rainy Saturday evening.<br /><br />There are the usual extravagant extras included in this release, of which only a vintage feature called the Artist and the American West is memorable.
B00005JKHP|4.0|I was looking for a Blu-Ray version of this, since I have the rest in that format. Since it seems that you can only get it (The Motion Picture) in Blu-ray when  you get an entire boxed set, I got this version. Now, after reading the same reviews that you most likely have, my expectations were high. I just finished a movie room, complete with 7.1 surround, 52\\" 120hz lcd, Blu-Ray and the kitchen sink, I was ready for the awesome spectacle from the reviews just read........ Well the sound is wonderful, well balanced and excellent 5.1. As for the video quality and new scenes, it is NOT what the other reviewers claim it to be, I'm sorry to say.There are some scenes that are down right blurry and, for example, the very first scene with the Klingon ships entering the V ger \\"cloud\\" is real hoakie and very cartoony.  I would also like to state that I am not a film analyst and do not know all the nitty gritty inside the picture details and stories, which is nice to know but..... All that said, it is worth buying because it is an important film in the Star Trek archive. If you want some comparison in film quality, get the rest in the series, Blu-Ray or not, and you be the judge. Final judgment: Sound quality 9 out of 10, Video quality 4 out of 10.
B001IAOEXU|5.0|I had these before, but they came off before.    Now, all my controllers have these dualtriggers.It adds more precision to shooting games.
0764574124|4.0|I`ve been trying to learn VBA for some time and have several books on the<br />subject.  Excel VBA for Dummies is a good reference tool and<br />an easy read.  I think however, the best book I own on Excel<br />is the old QUE book, Using Excel Visual Basic for Applications<br />by Elizabeth Boonin.  I had started using it first and since<br />I am only a part-time Excel user I thought another perspective<br />would help me understand Excel better which the for Dummies book<br />does.  I would certainly recommend this book to anyone just learning<br />Excel.  Mr. Walkenbach makes learning Excel fun and interesting.
B001TODCII|3.0|Well, all props to a suspense-thriller these days which has the nerve to posit an Arab as one of the villains. Heck, that hasn't happened in a mainstream movie in simply ages, not since Ah-nold was only a movie actor and not the Governator of California. So, here is a taut and swift-moving thriller, with a seemingly indestructible hero/family man, single-mindedly boring through Paris like a runaway oil-rig drill, utilizing old contacts, old friends, mad spy skilz and no little willingness to pour on the specialized brutality - in search of his kidnapped daughter. And quell horror, she's been kidnapped by some middle-European baddies involved in what used to be called a white slave ring, which is what they used to call low-life traffickers in women for sex ... a plot that is probably as almost as old as the oldest profession. And Liam Neeson does very well, as the retired black-ops veteran, hoping to reconnect with his teen-aged daughter, even if his ex-wife has married a fabulously wealthy man who can offer the girl everything except rescue, when she and her best friend fly off to Paris for a bit of un-chaperoned adventure. Of all the A-class movie leading male talent, he actually looks rather battered, weathered, as if he has had a life - and a strenuous one at that. He is a man, not a pretty boy dressed up in a man's costume. He is believable as a retired spy; old enough to be experienced, but young enough to be physically believable as an action hero.  And while it might not be quite believable that the hero would be allowed to leave France without spending at least a little time answering some fairly serious questions down at police headquarters - \\"Taken\\" moves at such a brisk pace that one doesn't even think of such questions until afterward.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I purchased this classic DVD for my daughter to view for H.S. AP English class. This way, she could take her time absorbing the story. Well worth buying rather than renting, as it will be seen more than once.
