B0033TJATW|5.0|for all MJ fans around the globe...you won't be sorry...see Michael as the human being that he was....it truly is all about the LOVE!!!
B004VMUS9G|5.0|I love this app. It is the only thing that gets me up and moving in the morning. You have to be awake enough to solve the math problem, making you wake up enough to know it is time to get up. No more setting more than one alarm in the morning. LOVE IT!!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Love,love,love Kelly Clarkson.... She is a force to be reckoned with.  her songs are current and relevant. Waiting for the next album to come out...
B005PK58TI|5.0|I have not liked a show this much in a very long time.  The actors, story, everything about this show is truly amazing, it constantly leaves you wondering and wanting more, at least for me.  It does push the limits a bit but thats what makes it more interesting.  Do yourself a favor and check it out, I promise you wont be bored!
B005FITIGO|4.0|This film is a must-see for folks that enjoyed Wall Street / financial-related films such as \\"Glengarry Glen Ross\\", \\"Wall Street\\", and \\"Boiler Room\\".  The acting and cast are fantastic (Kevin Spacey in particular is phenomenal)and the subject matter is very timely in this era of Occupy Wall Street, the current Euro-Zone crisis, and the economic concept of \\"too big to fail\\".
B00006DEF9|5.0|Singin' in the Rain is in my humble opinion the greatest musical ever made.  It's so great because it works on every level.  It works as a presentation of history, the songs are wonderful, the dancing is spectacular, the comedy is laugh-out-loud, the romance is lovey-dovey!  The film works so well, and it's a blast to watch.  The musical numbers hook you, they get stuck in your head all day.  The large scale musical numbers work well, if they are somewhat surreal.  The songs of Arthur Freed are spectacular, and the writers do a brilliant job writing a movie around just a few songs.  The film works well in spite of it's possible handicap of not having a real plot, and instead delivers a very real story of Hollywood's transition to sound.  Singin' in the Rain is a great film because it's fun, it doesn't take itself very seriously.  Sometimes you just want to have fun with a movie, and Singin' in the Rain is a great way to do it!
0439023491|5.0|You will get hooked on this book. It is so great and is definitely worth the money to buy the book. It is a great book and once you pick this book up you will not put it down until you finish the book.
B0031RG846|5.0|Is a nice toy. Smaller but the color and detail on it are pretty. Is durable for play. Would buy another Schleich brand toy.
B005GP7F8Y|1.0|I already own a DVD of this movie but ordered a Blu-Ray copy thinking that it will be a lot better product since it is remastered. It is not any better. It seems like it was produced out of the U.S., possibly Germany. The credits are in German, except for the names of course. The problem is in trying to navigate the menu to go to the English language version. The cursor just will not go where it needs to go. Unless my DVD player or remote is defective (I don't think so), the movie will start in German captioned in English. The set-up process left me frustrated I consider the item a rip-off.
B005F3XV62|5.0|Great movie! My 5 and 8 year old kids and my parents in their 70's all loved this movie. We could not stop laughing and my kids love to quote some things the animals said. I don't know how this movie got some bad reviews from critics!
0439023513|3.0|**Possible Spoilers Ahead**<br /><br />One of my close friends often teases me for not liking happy endings in novels. That's not true, I argue back--I don't dislike happy endings, but they have to feel earned. And what reader doesn't appreciate the sharp pang of the bittersweet?<br /><br />So, on to the review: As I read the final chapter of _Mockingjay_, and then the (very rushed) epilogue, I felt conflicted. Confused. Dissatisfied. And not necessarily in a &#34;good&#34; way. As if I'd eaten one of Peeta's cakes after realizing that someone had poured a bag of salt into the batter.<br /><br />I did not expect a fairytale wrap-up. I did not expect major characters to come out of the rebellion unscathed, or even alive. What I did expect, however, was a satisfying conclusion--at least in the literary sense. In Book 1, Collins created a dystopian world with so much potential. The writing was edgy, direct, and fast-paced. The plot an ironic commentary on--and criticism of--contemporary life and media culture. Book 3, however, focuses on the tragic spectacle of war while leaving character development by the wayside.<br /><br />In _The Hunger Games_, Katniss was practical, reckless, intelligent, stubborn, and ironic. Sensitive, yet single-minded to a fault. Inexperienced in matters of the heart, but trying to understand what it means to have an intimate relationship with another human being, especially when immersed in oppression and artifice. In short, she was someone the reader could relate to. Were we not drawn to her voice, her perspective, her personal trials? Now, I'm not saying that seventeen-year-old _Mockingjay_ Katniss should be exempt from the psychological trauma of war. Anyone would cave under the pressure of becoming a symbol for twelve rebelling districts--i.e., civilization. But when, for three-fourths of Book 3, Katniss is in an emaciated, depressed, drug-induced, and/or mentally unstable state...Needless to say, this depiction leaves much to be desired. I wanted to see Katniss cut her own puppet strings and grow into the role of a leader. Above all else, Katniss is a fighter. A survivor. And much more eloquent than she gives herself credit for. No more morphling. No more hiding in drain pipes or supply closets. Maybe I am really a sucker for &#34;happy endings,&#34; but I didn't want Katniss to just survive. I wanted her to *live.* Perhaps, in the end, circumstances would never allow it. Perhaps the fire was simply too big for her to control.<br /><br />Another thing. One of the best aspects of Hunger Games is that the romantic relationships are not at the forefront of the story. In fact, the &#34;love triangle&#34; is, in my opinion, the backdrop to a much bigger theme: the meaning of humanity in a post-apocalyptic landscape. I wasn't particularly interested in the Gale vs. Peeta debate, although I liked both characters and wanted to see what roles they would play. I was mainly interested in how Katniss would work out her complex feelings and deal with her own emotions. There was a golden opportunity to develop the personalities of these characters and explore their dynamic in more depth, yet the reality fell short of the mark (my thoughts on Peeta post-capture, and Gale post-rebellion, have already been voiced by other reviewers). Also, we are introduced to new characters who do not necessarily contribute to the overall storyline, while old characters either reappear for the sake of it or are not given their dues. Furthermore, I have many problems with District 13--especially with President Coin and her role in the rebellion. Additionally, the death of a certain character near the end of _Mockingjay_ makes Katniss' actions in the first book seem very pointless. Did this person really need to die? And in such a short-changed way? Also, where is the battle of wits and final confrontation with Snow? The Grand Finale? Despite the epilogue, it does not seem like much has changed once the rebellion ends. For some reason, I can't shake the feeling that Panem's history might repeat itself and that Katniss' &#34;victory&#34; will offer only a brief respite from everyone's self-destructive tendencies.<br /><br />One of the major flaws of this series, I believe, is the fact that it is a trilogy. If _Catching Fire_ and _Mockingjay_ had somehow been condensed into one book (and this means no Quarter Quell, no Coin, and no underground District 13)--then evidently we would have a very different story. Book 3 is indeed the culmination of Panem's political brutality and social unrest, but without the tight plotting and emotional payoff that a story of this magnitude requires. Don't get me wrong. I enjoyed reading all three books, and the ideas simultaneously entertained me, intrigued me, and disturbed me. But is _Mockingjay_, the great deathsong of the Capitol, a five-star masterpiece? No. A one-star total flop? Again--no. But oh, it could have been so much more...<br /><br />True or not true? Your move, reader. After all, there are much worse games to play.y might repeat itself and that Katniss' &#34;victory&#34; will offer only a brief respite from everyone's self-destructive tendencies.  One of the major flaws of this series, I believe, is the fact that it is a trilogy. If _Catching Fire_ and _Mockingjay_ had somehow been condensed into one book (and this means no Quarter Quell, no Coin, and no underground District 13)--then evidently we would have a very different story. Book 3 is indeed the culmination of Panem's political brutality and social unrest, but without the tight plotting and emotional payoff that a story of this magnitude requires. Don't get me wrong. I enjoyed reading all three books, and the ideas simultaneously entertained me, intrigued me, and disturbed me. But is _Mockingjay_, the great deathsong of the Capitol, a five-star masterpiece? No. A one-star total flop? Again--no. But oh, it could have been so much more...  True or not true? Your move, reader. After all, there are much worse games to play.
B004SUWR2C|1.0|Very loud and the app will not allow you to turn the volume down on the Kindle Fire.  I want my $2.99 back!!!!
0385738773|3.0|The Death Cure is the final book in The Maze Runner series. Thomas, our main character, has been through so much in the first two books and now WICKED says that it's time to finally find the death cure. But Thomas doesn't trust them and I can't say that I blame him.<br /><br />I spent the majority of this book in anticipation of finally knowing it all! Waiting, and waiting, and waiting. And while this book is about 97% action and 3% resolution, I was happy with it. Did it end the way I wanted it to? Not really, especially since I had SO MANY unanswered questions at the end, but I can see how some people would think that it was the \\"perfect\\" ending.<br /><br />I will tell you that I was very impressed with the fact that there is no romance in this book (definitely hard to do these days in YA) and yet I still found myself enjoying it. My friend Anna has pointed out that there are hardly any cases of platonic relationships in YA these days. But it looks like a book can be good without the swooning afterall!<br /><br />I'd recommend this book to lovers of action and if you're looking for holiday gift for a guy, this is a winner!
B004HO6I2E|4.0|This flick didn't hit me as hard as BRIDESMAIDS or BAD TEACHER, yet it had enough lewd and crude behavior to have me laughing and the catching the moral of the story.  At first, I couldn't understand how the characters of Jason Bateman and Ryan Reynolds could have been best friends, but due to the switching of personas,  it became more apparent to me.  They were living the lives that they felt they were missing and, in the process, found themselves deep down and each other.  Not the totally best of cheap laughter films, but it had enough to keep you amused.  LIKED IT!!
B004EPZ06G|1.0|My title says it all. Avoid this movie like the flu. It is just the same thing as the first one, but in Thailand. Not worth the money at all. It's a rental at best......actually, save the $5 and get some frozen yogurt.
B001OQCV6A|5.0|My brother made me watch this, and for that, I thank him!  The new interpretation of this classic figure was intriguing and the action and plotlines carried the movie along very nicely.  Robert Downey Jr. made the biggest impression as Sherlock, a man who is just as formidable with his fighting skills as he is with his mind, however, even more dangerous at making people around him think that he is slightly insane, which keeps them at bay.  Jude Law's Watson is sympathetic to his best friend's life, however, all he wants is to have his own, which includes bringing to the table his fiancee, which doesn't make Sherlock a happy camper.  This was a very involved movie and I actually can't wait until SHERLOCK HOLMES: A GAME OF SHADOWS comes out.  LOVED IT!!!!
B005K17RU0|4.0|A lot of great info, easy to follow and understand. Helps planning travel trips for the week. Check on it daily.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|It has been a couple of months since this movie came to Blu-Ray. I think everybody knew eventually George was going to release these on Blu-Ray he also explains why he waited so long in one of the bonus discs. I have enjoyed \\"Star Wars: The Complete Saga\\" it has tons of bonus features and George Lucas did tweak Episodes I-IV enhanced, added, changed sound effect, add dialogue to VI which some people might not understand 1. in Episode III he says \\"No\\" because he lost Padme in Episode VI it is sort of a redemption type thing. He is saying \\"No, dont kill my son.\\" or at least thinking it. I know people will disagree with me, but I like it. The bonus features I like too including the Deleted/Extended Scenes. I like the spoofs it even has a Stromtrooper thing about the Rose Parade and all. I think this a Star Wars Fan dream come to life.
B005KJZDXK|4.0|I love She & Him, and this is another great album from the duo.  Granted I have a soft spot for Holiday tunes, but this is really a fun album in general.  I highly recommend this to anyone who loves themselves some Christmas time delight.
B005P89EZO|4.0|The sophomore of them is as good as their fresh work. I gave 4 stars because their debut is a little better, as for me, of course, it's more brutal and obscene. I bought 2lp set which is well-done with a card for mp3 download. Production is ok. This album is rather heavy, glammy and funny. I like it. If you want quality rock&roll buy it.
B005HSG3VK|4.0|The case is light, functional, attractive and fits the Kindle Fire perfectly. I was nervous about some of the reviews that said it was cheap. It seems very durable and has worked out great for me.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|I ordered this product online. The process was easy and flawless. The item was all I had hoped for. I am delighted.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|i love that i dont need flashdrives anymore. not enough words to describe how wonderful this app is! truly amazing
159514188X|4.0|This book...is something else.  It really makes you think about your life and your life in high school (I'm a junior in college so it's a little late).  Lots of life lessons.  Everything that you do to somebody, no matter what, affects their whole entire life.  You can't just segment that one part...scary, eh?<br /><br />Although, Hannah could have had some better reasons, I think she gave up to easily.  But, nonetheless, an AMAZING book that I'm going to recommend to all of my friends.
B000O8OTNC|4.0|This works just as you would expect.  The inexpensive price tag is no reason to think it's cheap.  I only give it a 4-star review because, due to its small size, it can be difficult to hold onto while doing your sharpening.  However, once you use it several times you will figure out the best way to hold it to maximize comfort and effectiveness.
0812550706|5.0|[[ASIN:0812550706 Ender's Game (Ender, Book 1)]]<br /><br />I was captivated from start to finish.  This is that book that once you begin, you will never want to put it down.  Yeah, it IS that type of story.  Orson Scott Card has done a tremendous job developing the story so well, that it just flows beautifully.  The characters in the story are interesting, dynamic, and engaging.  The book touches on the core of what it's like to be a child-genius, with what appears to be insurmountable pressure on the child-genius Ender.  I found the book truly touching and thought provoking.  Have a B.A. in psychology, I long for books such as this.  I've only just discovered the book, but I discovered it is the important thing to savor.  This book hit home for me and my childhood.  Nowhere near the pressures that Ender had, but pressure none the less.  I strongly recommend this book for all readers.  My son is 12, and we are going to read it together and have an open discussion about the themes in it.<br /><br />Thank you Mr. Card, for writing this book.<br /><br />Excellent, easy read.  Captivating!
0545265355|5.0|This Series is amazing! I have not been this hooked on a book series since \\"Harry Potter\\". The story is unique and poses a realistic view of a not so distant future in which a civilization is enslaved and forced to participate in the barbaric \\"Hunger Games\\". This series is fast paced and you literally cannot put the book down, read the whole series in under two weeks!
B002BE7JE8|4.0|The video was funny and entertaining.The creativity and movement of the doll and it's expression was what got me. I have already recommended the video to several people who mighthave missed it in the theater.
0739412698|4.0|The book I purchased arrived suprising early given it was the lead up to Christmas which was excellent. Book condition was ok. Bit of scuffing on the edges but that is expected given it is an early print.
B0042RJWTC|5.0|I could not tear myself away from the series. The story was riviting and actor portraying Henry the Eight, as well as his wives especially the character Ann Bolin held me captive. ( attention wise ) Warning though, If you are a History buff, you might find that there are some inaccurate events. However, over all, the series are very entertaining.
B005CYLSW8|5.0|I'll amend this review later with more blow-by-blow detail.  Suffice it to say now, though, that this new Beethoven cycle from Chailly and the GOL will firmly be in the top tier for many serious listeners and collectors, as well as the novice who may have a few of the symphonies by various performers, but not yet a complete set/cycle.  Amongst many followers of musicological fashion, the de rigeur of the new Del Mar/Baerenreiter urtext has dominated discussion of current Beethoven performance practice, so it's worth noting that Chailly has used the \\"old\\" Peters Edition, but with an exactitude that has eluded--usually by design--several generations of conductors.  Performing traditions have added layer upon layer of editorial gloss--\\"Karajan always drew out this figure,\\" \\"Furtwangler started this accelerando two beats before the mark,\\" that sort of thing--and indeed, Chailly's game was to seek out and examine the mark-ups by several of his musical mentors, weigh the evidence....and then land squarely on the side of Beethoven's \\"original\\" text (specifically the Peters edit thereof).    Brave words from a reviewer, and an even braver stand for a conductor--a rather facile postion that seldom survives scrutiny.  Nevertheless, this is precisely what Chailly has done over the term of this multi-year studio cycle (no live relay patches here....hooray!).  Many was the time that I went running to my miniature scores to see if what I'd heard was there--it's that startling at times--but rarely did Chailly come up short vs. the dynamic markings or the repeats (pretty much ALL of them).  More importantly, though, was his attention to Beethoven's \\"controversial\\" crochet indications:  startling tempos to match the eyebrow-raising dynamics.  This is where we get deep into the weeds of original-performance controversy, as well as the old saws about how for whatever reason, \\"Beethoven didn't really mean it,\\" or words to that effect.  Scholars, performers, and listeners have been apologising for Beethoven's score instructions for 200 years, and so once again, here we go with another conductor who's promising to scrub the score clean from all the accumulated Victorian hagiographic varnish (the \\"Beethoven for the Oldsmobile\\" approach that drapes the composer in black and hangs him over the parlour mantle) and conductorial second-guessing and point-making.  When done well, the old approach yielded Furtwangler, Klemperer, Bernstein, Karajan and the like--much received tradition and hitting of all the right tick-marks; done badly, and then it's pretty much any conductor of middling rank who seems mired in the mud.  The Period Performance crowd have their own idols, with Hogwood, Norrington, Harnoncourt and Gardiner leading the publicity charge over the last 30 years.  In the middle ground, Vanska & the Minnesota band:  lean textures, brighter winds and brass, minimal vibrato, the new Del Mar edition score--a justly well-received blend of new scholarship and traditional presentation without the fat.  So given all this, where do Chailly and the Gewandhaus Orchestra of Leipzig come in?  Like Vanska, tempos are brisk, rhythms are crisp, dynamics are precisely observed.  But in Chailly's hands, we really do hear the Italianate brio of Toscanini--perhaps filtered by the watchful eye of a Gardiner.  Here indeed is where Chailly knits things together.  The inner rhythms that Beethoven stretched over multiple bars come alive in the quick tempos--faithful to Beethoven's challenging crochet markings--and sharply-etched dynamics.  The long lines sing out with an almost Rossinian (I can see the brows tightening) bel canto, swept forward with a pinache that stands in sharp contrast to lesser didacticians like Norrington.  Gone are the pregnant pauses inserted for melodramatic emphasis over the years, the swooning swells and close-ups that were more appropriate to the Hollywood soundstages.  With Chailly, you can really hear the debt to Haydn being put paid by theclose of Symphony #1; the truly revolutionary structure of \\"Eroica\\" with its still-arresting crags and cul-de-sacs of dissonance--relieved at the last second by triumphant resolution; and thunder-claps of tympany in the scherzo of the 9th, not to mention the truly rapturous singing in the choral finale.  And, the genius of it all is that most of the heavy lifting is accomplished by sticking closely to Beethoven's markings.    No sonic Listerine to weather. Chailly's steel strings are well-informed by period practice (lean textures, minimal vibrato, and 1st/2nd L/R division), the winds are pungent, and the brass all but bark on occasion (when called for) in the best valveless style--though all such touches are tempered by an almost vocal quality to the long line.  Yet, even more so than with Gardiner, there is a palpable excitement and \\"newness\\" to the proceedings.  Vanska and Gardiner are close cousins here, though I think the palm goes to Chailly.  The GOL of Kurt Masur in his hey-day was never this nimble, never this alive.  Looking at my listening notes, I keep running across references to articulation in the low strings I'd never heard before, or wind figurations in counterpoint with the long line of the aforesaid strings....that sort of thing.  The Eroica's funeral march is very much a military one, no longer suggestive of Prince Albert draped in black on his way to George's Chapel (I ran back to my old Karajan 1962 set--still a good one--and was promptly appalled all over again at the agogic slowness, fashionable for generations of listeners and concertgoers).  The impression here, and indeed throughout the whole cycle of symphonies and a generous ration of overtures, is of a truly fine orchestra asked to do the extraordinary, to re-mold its signature burnished tone into a quicksilver tool at Chailly's disposal, equally committed to realising a performance vision.  It's what I'd hoped to hear with Rattle's recent cycle with the VPO, but you can hear the orchestra fighting him from time to time.  None of that here.  Lest I wax on further with the performances, on to the sound.  We've a beautifully wide and deep soundstage, as well as a strong but well-managed hall ambience--a GOL signature left intact.  It reminded me of John Culshaw working in Kingsway Hall, but with a more elegant/plush/upholstered sound, and more detailed.  I don't have a desk-count for violins, but it feels like about half-strength, making the winds and brass more \\"present\\" without being spotlit.  This also yields the dividend noted above, with the astonishing business of the cellos and basses allowed to \\"tell\\" without coming through as a low-pitched smear.  You really do marvel at what serves as Beethoven's \\"motor,\\" the precise bowing generating a virtual heartbeat of articulated motion.  Less a product of discreet multi-miking than well-captured orchestral technique, this simple example of sonic clarity balanced from the podium bolsters Chailly's vision.  Price-wise the set is still a bargain, even though now more than the $35.80 I paid through Amazon's pre-order (look at their secondary sellers for a better break).  Yet, compared to other full sets--not to mention the very nice hardbound booklet-with-sleeves album presentation style--it remains a very good deal.  Closest comparison will be Vanska, as detailed above, though the monetary outlay for the latter is significantly more.  I'm still keeping my old Karajan '62 set, along with Gardiner and Harnoncourt, my Vanska singles & various dribs and drabs from other worthies. The Symphonies have and will always summon great performances.  But--and here's another listening notes observation--it's rare that I've smiled ear to ear as a Beethoven cycle progressed in front of me on first hearing.  And the second, and the third.  All the usual Amazon suspects will no doubt weigh in with correctives and citations ad nauseum, and that's all to the good.  It means we're paying attention, and it is after all the\\"core\\" of the core repetoire.  And, to be fair, I've been underwhelmed by Chailly in the past (his Mahler is VERY hit-and-miss).  Nevertheless, THIS is truly a fine effort.  The doubters may be in for a rather pleasant surprise.
B000X107GI|5.0|These checked out at 3.23 volts and worked just fine. The bargain price is much better than I can find locally.
0312641893|4.0|Also appears on The Screaming Nitpicker.<br /><br />It's been nearly 126 years since the end of the Fourth World War and world peace, but another threat just as deadly as war has developed: letumosis, the blue fever. Cinder, a cyborg and the best mechanic in all of New Beijing, is devastated when her stepsister Peony contracts the disease, she is sent away to become a test subject so a cure might be found. What doctors find when they test her and her slowly developing feelings for Prince Kai throw her into the struggle against the Lunar Empire and lead her to uncover secrets about the past she can't remember. The fate of the entire planet may rest on Cinder's shoulders.<br /><br />The world in which Cinder resides has a lot than can be explored--and that most likely will be explored later, since Cinder is the first of a quartet. Unfortunately, little of that world is explored deeply in this first book; it's more of an introduction. It's one I had a lot of fun reading about and was almost always entertained by, but an introduction nonetheless.<br /><br />Cinder the character was such fun to read through the eyes of and get to know; though there were momentary shifts to two other points of view, most of the novel is seen through Cinder's eyes in third-person. Her developing romance with Kai never completely won me due to its insta-love-esque beginnings and a lack of investment in them, but as separate characters, I like both of them. One thing I wanted more from concerning Cinder was a deeper exploration of her. So she's a little over a third cyborg--how much of her is really her? How much might come from her circuitry? Could she have artificially intelligence but be programmed to think she is a human?<br /><br />The biggest strike against Cinder as a novel is how painfully predictable the biggest twist of the novel was. From page 50 onward, I was nearly jumping in my seat and shouting in my head, \\"I know! I know! [sorry, not telling you]\\" but the twist was not revealed by the novel until the last ten pages or so of the book. Spending nearly 350 pages with the knowledge of the big twist and the book's refusal to confirm it until the very end was frustrating and it never fares well for books to be so predictable.<br /><br />For most of the novel, I cruised through with little regard for the characters or investment in their various predicaments. It wasn't until the climactic scene at the ball that I finally, finally got into it and started caring about everyone. It's not a good sign that it took so long, but having that happen late in the game is better than it never happening at all, right?<br /><br />Cinder was both less than I expected it to be and much, much more. That may not seem like it makes sense, but it does. I suppose I can say I recommend it. It isn't perfect by a long shot and yet it's still a fun ride that will surely improve with each book.ges or so of the book. Spending nearly 350 pages with the knowledge of the big twist and the book's refusal to confirm it until the very end was frustrating and it never fares well for books to be so predictable.   For most of the novel, I cruised through with little regard for the characters or investment in their various predicaments. It wasn't until the climactic scene at the ball that I finally, finally got into it and started caring about everyone. It's not a good sign that it took so long, but having that happen late in the game is better than it never happening at all, right?   Cinder was both less than I expected it to be and much, much more. That may not seem like it makes sense, but it does. I suppose I can say I recommend it. It isn't perfect by a long shot and yet it's still a fun ride that will surely improve with each book.
B005Q1W10A|5.0|Finally a fresh new series from the BBC.  Excellent casting and the story is fantastic!  Can't wait to watch season 2.
B0061JPYX2|5.0|These are the remaining unreleased songs by Amy Winehouse.  Within her short and tragic life she managed to present a synopsis of work that truly showed she was a genius and a truly gifted artist.  Here we have covers of some classics and alternate takes of songs already released plus a few never heard before.  The covers are simply amazing and she makes each her own.  OUR DAY WILL COME is sublime.  She totally reinvents THE GIRL FROM IPANEMA with a stupendous vocal performance.  WILL YOU STILL LOVE ME TOMORROW gets a very dramatic presention and her vocals match it with an intense emotional performance.  Whatever the song or style of music Amy Winehouse always showed an inate understanding of the music and approached each song with all she had.  Her true range and emotional capacity was always amazing.<br /><br />BEST FRIENDS, RIGHT is an excellent heartfelt song and we get alternate versions of TEARS DRY and WAKE UP ALONE which were both on BACK TO BLACK.  One of the true standout tracks is her duet with Tony Bennett BODY AND SOUL.  Her vocal interpretation is haunting and lovely displaying her at her best.  There are some true gems here and even the lesser tracks shine as they get that added dimension for they are being interpreted by a truly gifted artist.  The untimely death of Amy Winehouse was a true tragedy and thankfully this collection has no filler and does her memory justice.
0307891372|3.0|OK, so as the review title implicates, this is the first time I have ever used a guide and probably the last time as well. The only reason I purchased this guide is for the character creation tips it was supposed to have. I have played every TES game made and know from experience that the fist 20 minutes of the game when you make you character can make or break your game-play experience. The last thing I wanted was to spend 40 hours playing a game that I had to re-start because of a character creation error.  So how does the guide rate on character creation? Fair to midland. I had heard that character development had been drastically changed in this newest addition to The Elder Scrolls. Development and leveling are different, granted, but not so much as I had feared. The guide gives some pretty generic tips for creating your character; good for a first-time TES player, but not so much for someone who has played out the series. After many pages of very basic base information on the different races, the guide pretty much sums up the best advice possible: Pick a race that has strengths that suit your style of play. A bit more detail in what race features play into the different play types would have been good, but to be fair I think they did a pretty good job when you consider all the different styles of play that exist to group play styles into the main categories they did. I was looking for a lot more based on the hype about all the changes and the level of experience I have had with the other TES games. In relation to my expectations of both, I was disappointed, but only because I now realize that the changes were not as monumental as they were made to seem. So on this note; I give the guide a \\"C-\\". Maybe they should re-write the description of the guide to mention it provides \\"beginner\\" character creation tips instead of saying \\"must-have\\" tips.  My second beef is with the font size. It is pretty small. Add to that the fact that most who play the game will play ina darkened room to eliminate screen glare and make it easier for your eyes to adjust to some of the darker scenes in the game and you have a guide that is not as handy for in-game play as it could be. Artistically, the guide looks pretty good in a well-lit room when you are thumbing through it. The pictures jump out at you and it only takes a second to figure out the formatting of the text layout. In the dark, though, the guide loses all the appeal it had in that brightly-lit room! I understand the book is massive and they had to use a smaller font to fit all the info into as few pages as possible; but really? The tables and reference portions are the features I tried to use most and the fact that the index and tables uses an even smaller font than the walkthroughs' font is very disheartening. First I have to break out the mini LED flashlight and then squint to read the table! Maybe I should have bought one of those lighted reading magnifiers... My grade on this review portion is a \\"D\\".  My third area of discontent isn't really that bad, but I only say that because I haven't used the guide for walkthroughs at all yet (I read through the character creation portion and use the reference tables once in a while). I'm talking about grammatical and spelling errors. While I suspect grammar and spelling aren't exactly the defining properties of a video game-guide, I still have to mention that I have seen way to many in the very small portion of the guide I have used. If the entire guide is as riddled with them as the portions I have seen, then it is definitely a flaw with the guide. I do realize, though, that editing something like this would be very difficult. Spelling errors should be easily spotted, but grammatical errors would be difficult unless you had actually played the game and had experienced the situation being described in the guide. I guess some spelling errors could be attributed to this reasoning as well. It is hard for an author to edit his or her own work because he/she always reads what he/she had intended to write instead of what he/she actually wrote. The grade for this is \\"B-\\" because I am presuming the problem is widespread but don't know for sure.  My last complaint is the index. I think the publisher could have done much better with it. To have a (roughly) 700 page guide with an index consisting of only 4 or 5 pages is tragic. A good index should provide multiple entries for each indexed point when there are multiple ways to look up the info. The publisher already decreased the font-size, then listed entries in a limited way. This detracts substantially from the use of the guide if you were to actually use it as a walkthrough. My teenage son, who has no issue with a walkthrough since his goal is to \\"beat\\" the game as quickly as possible, has mentioned the lacking of the index more than a few times. (Old guy's side note: How do you consider it beating the game if someone else had to tell you how to succeed?) Final grade on the index: \\"C\\".  Now, I think the tables I use for reference are very good; \\"A-\\". There is no way to get all the info possible into a mass-market publication, so I think the publisher and game guide author did a very good job in this area. Also, as I alluded to earlier, the look of the guide is pretty good in an artistic sense; \\"A-\\". Pictures of NPC faces all over seems a bit of overkill to me, but hey, I remember playing Zork and actually reading my video game!  My overall review is 3 stars because I can't knock the guide that much when it is the first guide I have ever bought and have nothing to compare it to. Improvement opportunities exist, but it looks like it would do the job that most would expect it to do. Happy gamming everyone; and my final bit of advice is try finishing the game on expert and not using the internet, a game-guide, or a bunch of input from your friends to finish the game. The satisfaction is so much more gratifying! And if nothing else, think of the bragging rights you would have...
B000683VI4|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorite movies. I was glad to find it on Amazon for such a great price.
B005VR9328|4.0|The Roots have long been building up to the glowing crossover reaction they've received in favor of their tenth proper studio album, a just-released concept record called undun. In black and white, it seems so obvious now, looking back. Simply put, The Roots have always wanted to be more than a hip-hop group. They've always wanted to make more than average albums (remember Phrenology?) and, well, they've always wanted to be big beyond what the confines of The Source readership could offer. With their unlikely gig as Jimmy Fallon's house band now firmly celebrated by the average alternative music writer and the late night viewer alike, they've now become the household name that making boom bap hip-hop records never allowed them. They've become, one could argue, the most constant and positive symbol for hip-hop music in popular world culture. And the timing is perfect. After years of making bloated, spotty record that seriously lacked diversity, they've now made two classic records in a row (the other being last year's excellent How I Got Over), thanks in part, we can only assume, to the diversity their Fallon gig has demanded of them.  For example: at the end of undun there's a four-part suite that opens with a Sufjan Stevens piano loop. Big deal, right? Well, it is. It's further proof that The Roots have opened up to music of all sorts, these last two records even suggesting that they're fans of the current indie rock scene (How I Got Over feature prominent Joanna Newsom and Monsters of Folk samples). But, I wonder, are The Roots genuine? I'm suspicious, mostly of drummer ?uestlove, a guy who has very obviously always been interested in celebrity. For example: is there a better way to get the attention of the reviewers with the loudest voices than to sample their favorite artists on their records? (Will Bradford Cox be on the next Roots record? The National?) But, all the fame-as-business-strategy stuff aside, undun is one of the best hip-hop records of the year andmost definitely one of the best Roots albums yet.  More mellow and musical than their early work, the band continues to tighten things up with their tenth record, offering up a modest nine full songs, an intro, an interlude and the above-mentioned four-part suite. All together, the record passes quickly and smoothly, still indebted to jazz, soul and classic era boom bap music more than any other genre. One again, the band incorporates quite a few R&B hooks, none of which work nearly as well as Erykah Badu's now-classic contribution to \\"You Got Me.\\" One longstanding problem the band recently fixed relates to their powerful frontman, Black Thought. One of the great emcees of all-time, BT has never been a diverse emcee, nor one who could carry the vocal weight of a full album. And so now we have many, many vocal guests. Mostly, we get the great Dice Raw, Phonte and Greg Porn. But others, too, including Bilal, Big K.R.I.T. and someone named Truck North. Porn and Raw work the best, their styles fitting in nicely with the crew's vibe and Black Thought's vocal leadership.  By the time the album ends we've worked our way through the loosely illustrated life story of a fictional character named Redford Stephens. But, really, what we get is something of a New York City chronicle that works as a more literate - if less passionate - continuation of the New York City Nas painted on Illmatic. It's a gritty, musical and tight record full of great compositions, classic beats and great verses. But, all that said, The Roots latest album, no matter what you heard from all your favorite indie rock writers, is not a perfect album.  My biggest issue with undun is the same thing I felt kept How I Got Over from being one of the great hip-hop records of all time. And that problem is one that could so easily be fixed - these Roots guys just flat out have bad taste in hooks. They pick cheesy R&B singers and they write cheesy hooks. Get Q-Tip to do your hooks. Get D'Angelo. Get Charles Bradley or even Robert Bradley. Sample old soul records. Hearing these timeless, organic compositions - and Black Thought's gritty verses - juxtaposed against soft, overly-poppy and characterless R&B vocals is a major turn off. Well, for me that is. But yes, I do still like undun despite this one major fault. It's a great hip-hop record that stands as the band's tightest and most realized to date. Probably not better than How I Got Over, but easily their second best top-to-bottom listen.  Check out more of my music- and film-related writing at ZeCatalist.com.
B004XUMOCA|5.0|The network sure missed it when they canceled this show.  It is original, great acting, great script.  I wonder sometimes who exactly is running things on TV, they cancel great shows at a drop of a hat and keep crap on that is not worth watching.
B0053YGYO4|3.0|I was disappointed with this CD in comparison to their past CDs.  I was really looking forward to this release but was underwhelmed.  Some of the songs are weird--like 80s style music. There are some really good songs, but I found myself getting bored of them quickly.  With past CDs, I could listen to them for years.  This feels more like standard pop and I am already bored of the CD.  I wanted this to be good, but I prefer Rush of Blood & X&Y to this.  Viva was much better than this CD in my opinion.
B005IZLPMY|5.0|This version of Captain America was far and away superior to the other feeble attempts.  Although still classified SciFi, it is still beliveable.  The actors did an excellent job, and the special effects were great.
1612130585|5.0|Two words - WOW and WHOA! (Okay - I almost said \\"Laters, baby\\").  Christian in love is just over the top wonderful. Standing ovation E. L. James.  I love the development of Christian and Ana's emotional/mental journey through all that is Fifty Shades.  I'm still amazed that the BDSM portions of the story or hints of such are so tastefully done and HOT. Panty melter erotic reading for sure.  Also the drama here is such a page turner. Are we all not clenching and gritting our teeth at Elena??(boo-hiss!!!) Will that be the last we hear from her - not sure, but hoping so.  And that Jack (grrrrr!!) But back to Christian -romance, hearts and flowers: that proposal has to go down as one of the best scenes ever. Especially knowing all our beloved Fifty has gone through, I felt faint in the throes of MEGA heart melt. None of this has been a piece of cake for Ana and I think she handles it all amazingly well. Just when I think she might go off the deep end, she rallies and I can breathe a sigh of relief. Throughout this whole story I've been tense, suspecting something awful to happen. Guess that ending is what I've been anxious about.  The synopsis of bk 3 makes me so freaking edgy I can hardly wait to read what I desperately hope will be an HEA for Ana and Christian. We ALL certainly deserve that.
0345533054|5.0|Love it so much I carried this book everywhere I was unable to put it down. I can not wait to read more by this author.
1613821395|4.0|Wilkie Collins was writing detective novels before Sir Arthur Conan Doyle was even out of diapers.  He also maintained arguably one of the best beards in all the literature world...    Late one night Walter Hartright, a young and talented artist, decides to take a leisurely walk, when he stumbles upon a wild beast of unparalleled strength and viciousness, with bloodstained fangs that would make a Balrog seem...  sorry, actually he only happens across a woman dressed entirely in white.  Following this chance encounter he learns that the woman was actually an escaped mental patient, which causes temporary distress, although Walter is confident that the event will have no bearing on his future.  Oh, the naivety so often displayed by main characters.  Almost at once Walter finds himself caught in a web of deceit and lies that span several generations and ends in blackmail and more lies, not to mention a ghastly beast with yellow veined eyes and a temperament akin to... sorry.    Okay, so there aren't any beasts in The Woman in White, although the villains are quite beastly.  There is however a compelling mystery with rich characters and plenty of knots to untangle by the end.  It was written with a disciplined pace that helped us really understand all the family history and fully appreciate the motives of the characters.  Some might consider the narrative to drag on, but we appreciated the fact that nothing was rushed.  And while we were able to work out some of the confusion and suspense before the big reveals, many tidbits kept us guessing until the very end.  Another element that made The Woman in White unique was the changing narratives.  The concept is hardly unique, but the premise was that whoever was closest to the main events would be the individual to move the story forward.  For that reason it felt unique.  The changing perspective also added some nice variety and we only wish Mr. Fairlie was able to get some additional face time.   We also came across a pairof characters that made our blood boil, which is almost always a good thing.  Due to completely fictitious contractual obligations we won't mention any names; however we will say that their villainy is comparable to Uriah Heap and Heathcliff.  Overall, The Woman in White kept us engaged until the final page and gave us a new appreciation for the classic mystery novel.
B0007TKNII|5.0|This movie is great to teach about musicals and opera.  I am a music teacher of 36 years and I use this with my junior high music classes.  The mystery of the story keeps each student's attention very well.  Plus, they are learning about the genre while watching and listening.  Great teaching tool!
0439813786|4.0|Wow!  Really, wow, what a unique reading experience.  The novel is 533 pages long with 280ish pictures scattered throughout.  Who knew?  We certainly didn't.  Admittedly, our experience with graphic novels is limited, but never before have we seen illustrations move a plot forward with such skill and seamlessness.  We loved the sequence of four pictures depicting Hugo fixing the mouse near the beginning of the story, especially the toy maker's hands.  The train sequence at the end of the novel actually felt a little like the approaching train was... approaching.  Now, we realize we're gushing a little bit here, but The Invention of Hugo Cabret surpassed our expectations.  Let us wipe the drool from our chin and then we'll try to be a bit more professional...  Okay, the storyline wasn't blow-your-stinking-mind-good.  Simple and charming are probably better labels.  The Invention of Hugo Cabret is about the power of secrets and dreaming big, which are only enhanced by the various drawings and illustrations.  The novel is also historical fiction and brought in real life movie director, Marie Georges Jean Méliés as a primary member of the cast.  His story was quite interesting and the stills from his movies were incredible.  Oops, we're gushing again.    In conclusion, the writing was solid, but what made The Invention of Hugo Cabret so memorable was the experience.  Next on our agenda: to experience the movie.  We hope it lives up to our lofty expectations!
B004CMB15K|5.0|The Kid is growing up. He is in tune with whats going on in this country. Just read the lyrics.  He has reached his audience. All tracks are moving and tell a story we all know. The guest musicians  are a whos' who. From Seger, T. Adkins, Martina, Z. Brown, Crow, & etc. Play it all the time.  One more Kid, I like your style.
0307595579|5.0|This trilogy by Stieg Larsson is one of the finest ever written. This collection should be on everyone's wish list for the holidays.  Too bad there will be no more.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I use this app daily. It has all of the bells and whistles I care to use and so far the accuracy for my very remote area has been right on.
1600595871|5.0|I love Lark books, they are always well presented and full of great projects.  This book is no exception, some nice easy projects to get started with and then on to the more complex. Excellent value.
B005MLP91C|4.0|Not one of my favorite DreamWorks movie but still a good family movie to watch with the kids with a good story line. A+
B0055V6EZE|5.0|I love how much Hugh Laurie loves the music of New Orleans.  It's like it's in his bones.  He plays a rip-roaring piano, and there's something about the basic reality of the black jazz and Dixieland that touches something deep down in his soul.  It shines through like sunshine after three days of rain.  I just loved this CD!  My purchase at Amazon came in the mail without a hitch in less than a week from the time I ordered it.  I have been extra pleased with the Amazon service.
B0060D08JO|5.0|This has to be one of my favorite movies of all time. Definitely on my top ten list. Highly recommended.
1451627289|4.0|While I enjoyed the book and stayed up late reading it, the ending left me a little flat. Especially at 1 AM when I finally finished. It almost seemed like King got tired and just wanted to wrap it up quickly. I would have preferred a little less minutia in the middle and more wrap up at the end.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|It is a fun and addicting game, but it crashes during the middle of the game. samsung epic touch 4g
030746363X|5.0|I was already a big fan of Tim Ferriss before reading this book, and now I'm just a bigger fan.  If you have never ready anything by him you will find his style as fun, honest and easily approachable.  Tim writes on all topics about improving your life and this book covers many related to improving your health and body.  What I like best is that Tim takes science and merges it with personal observation from his self experimentation to provide practical plans that get results.  I've lost a lot of weight following his advice and have improved in many other ways as well.  Absolutely worth the price.  I keep it handy still for reference!
B0006AAS5G|4.0|I bought this watch two years ago as I was going into my junior year of college because I wanted a professional looking watch to wear to internship interviews. I liked this watch so much that I now wear it pretty much every day. Both the size and weight of it are very reasonable, and it looks great. I have received a ton of compliments from people, and it has held up very well to scrapes and abuse. I am a pretty clumsy person and there have been countless times where I have bumped it up against things and expected the glass to be scratched, but it is in perfect condition still.  The only downside I have about the watch is that the chronograph (which I never really used anyways) no longer resets back to zero anymore. I can still use it, but I just have to do the math to find out how much time has passed now.
B00000IZOR|5.0|I bought two of this toy from somewhere else for my kids and they love it. Though the receiver cord is short, my little boy like use the pull cord to move it around.
B005IZLPKQ|3.0|It was pretty good...I expected it to be a little more corny but I enjoyed it.  Probably wouldn't watch it again.
B001P06GX4|5.0|We've had this game for three years and everyone loves it. My 7 year old requests this game consistently and my father (70 years old) also request it. It's fun, unpredictable, strategic, chaotic and moves fairly quickly - all of the things you need in a great board game. It's also easy to set up, clean up and easy to learn the rules.   There are a lot of other games that just sit in the closet and gather dust but not this one.  Two years ago when my youngest was 5 it was challenging for him to think strategically about his moves but he learned quickly and his skills got better with each round.  Everybody has fun playing Blokus even when they don't win.  You can play the game with 2 players but I becomes too easy.
B004EPZ07K|3.0|For a sifi movie this was pretty good.  Not way out there and it had a story line.  I would watch the movie again.
1612680003|4.0|I really liked this book from the standpoint of that it tells stories in parables and it makes it a whole lot easier to read and understand. The book is based on Kiyosaki's life and Kiyosaki stresses the ownership of high value assets, rather than being an employee. The book is largely based on Kiyosaki's life in Hawaii. The book emphasizes the different attitudes to money. The main things the book talks about the value of financial intelligence, that corporations spend first, then pay taxes, while individuals must pay taxes first   that corporations are artificial entities that anyone can use, but the poor usually do not know how   According to them, wealth is measured as the number of days the income from your assets will sustain you, and financial independence is achieved when your monthly income from assets exceeds your monthly expenses and each dad had a different way of teaching his child.
0142429112|1.0|I started with book with great anticipation -  written by a scholar of history, touted as Twilight for Adults, I thought it was going to be a vampire romance with the sweeping majesty and creative depth of Anne Rice.  But it was not to be. While the story started out promising with a witch that doesn't use her powers, the book quickly lapsed into mindnumbing narrative on the scents of Diana and Matthew, sleeping, yoga class, meal preparation and eating, drinking wine... seriously. Come. On.   While the above could be artfully used to illustrate the quirks of the character and deepen the story, the writing feels indulgent and the superimposition of the author upon Diana is unmistakable.  The romance borders on ludicrous - I cannot understand why the two are attracted to each other, and from wariness, in a matter of weeks, rush to the \\"life and death\\" point for each other.   Matthew's actions puts him firmly in Edward Cullen category - stalks her, doesn't allow her to do anything for herself, breaks into her room while she is sleeping, the no-sex thing etc. Diana, who is supposed to be brainy and independent, muses about her wardrobe, hair, behaves abominably to her family, and generally if not told to the reader that she is a tenured professor so we are supposed to think she is smart, she could well be mistaken for a simpering, clueless teenager (named Bella). Oh and I don't want to be told again, literally, how beautiful Matthew is, and how powerful he is. Narrative that goes along the lines of \\"he is so beautiful my eyeballs hurt to look at him\\" and \\"he is so strong he can crush me\\" sickens me.   When it is discovered that Diana is supposed to have almost every witch power on earth, yup that was an eye rolling moment. Matthew morphs into super witch coach. The pair goes riding, and Matthew hunts a deer with Diana looking. Diana mind-talks to the deer, whispering batty nonsense like give up... it's ok... Deep breath.   And what's with the wine, and the wine, and thewine. Again a crazy Stephanie Myers moment of superimposing on the lead character.   I wanted to like the book, I did. But I don't, and I won't be following the trilogy.  Edit: I also wanted to add that Matthew refers to Diana as his lioness. Which is nauseating, and I cannot believe any creature who lived 1500 years spouts such inane endearments worthy of a bodice-ripper out of his ancient mouth.
B005HSG3VK|5.0|I finally received my Kindle Fire cover and I am very pleased. It is sturdy and provides excellent protection for my Kindle. I love the color as well and it feels nice to touch.
B000256TD0|4.0|Love this die cast model, and can't beat the price.  All the details are there.  My Delorean is part of my Christmas manger, it is a time machine.
B004XJRQUQ|4.0|Enjoyable and thrilling only issue is the end and how Peeta gets \\"rewarded\\" and Gale disappears. Collins is a fun writer who knows how to portray an epic tale of heroism and sacrifice.
0439023513|2.0|I literally could not stop reading The Hunger Games. Once I got to the games, I had to know what would happen and who would survive, just like the spoiled spectators in the book.   I can't bring myself to finish Mockingjay. It just kind of plods along with no real goal in mind. The newer characters are numerous and faceless. Katniss moves between districts with no real motivation, filming propaganda (exciting, right?) and feeling torn between two men (sound familiar?). All her independence and cleverness are wasted in a story that just doesn't need her.
B004X80QNG|3.0|ok app. no widgit. glad was the daily free because would not have been happy at all if i had paid for it.
B00003CXCT|5.0|I got the videos on time, and they were in exactly the condition that they were described to be in when I bought them. No issues whatsoever.
3836501910|3.0|Print quality is poor.  Many, if not most of the images have lines running through them--like the corrugated lines on cardboard.  I've received two different copies of this book from Amazon. Both have the same print quality issue.  Oh well, for $14 . . .
B004LROUNG|5.0|I have read every one of Grisham's books, and The Litigators has to be in my top 3. The plot was interesting and funny, and we get a good courtroom drama. Root for the underdogs! I was disappointed when I reached the end because I wanted to see how (name omitted to avoid spoiling the ending) made out on his own. Perhaps a sequel is in order?
B0067QPVD2|3.0|The reviews were very interesting and there are some good points.<br />I'll start by saying I was only 12 when I saw \\"John Carpenter's The Thing\\" in the theater. Obviously it made a huge impression (through slightly closed fingers). I was at that point already a HUGE horror/sci-fi movie fan and even at 12 LOVED the original 1951 \\"The Thing From Another World\\". I still love the old B/W movies and it's too bad more people don't appreciate that. With that said movies need to advance...Lord of the Rings, Jurrasic Park...great CGI.<br /><br />Now if you are a true Fan of JC's version of \\"The Thing\\", you will know two main thngs:<br />1.) This is a pretty faithful version of the short story ALL of them are based on, John W. Campbell, Jr. \\"Who Goes There?\\" The original 1951 (although awesome) was not. Keep in mind, JC did a wonderful job giving a nod to the 1951 movie. Not to mention featuring it as the movie the kids are watching in \\"Halloween\\".<br />2.) You will have seen the extensive behind the scenes featrues on the Collector's Version DVD and know it was like the stars aligned and the circumstances worked very well to create an almost once in a lifetime movie. Now with that said, the cast, acting, direction, mood of the movie, etc was still executed at a truly phenominal level.<br /><br />I am 41 now and was interested to hear about the prequel. That is the intension of this movie. Although as many pointed out, there are a great number of parallel comparisons to how the characters are and how the storyline is. I was always interested to see what SPECIFICALLY happened at the Norweigan camp and the general backstory. Was it \\"necessary\\" - no. But it's still fun to see. So here is a quick rundown of why I think this movie is a little better than OK.<br /><br />Positive<br />1.) The detail to reverse engineer from JC's The Thing is pretty impressive and is fun to match up. If nothing else it is worth seeing for this.<br />2.) It provides a fun story and the acting is good. I did feel the tension at times.<br />3.) I never expected this to be better than either the 1951 or 1982 versions so my expectations were low.<br /><br />Negative<br />1.) They should have used more tension and carefully selected when and how to show \\"The Thing\\". Things (no pun inteneded) did come together pretty quick so I did feel they rushed the story more than they should have. It is basically a quick add on to tell a little more on a great story.<br />2.) It's too bad they did overdo it at times on CGI. This is a case where a mix could have gone a long way. There IS a mix with physical FX and some of the scenes (two-head) really needed CGI.<br />3.) I wanted to see \\"The Thing\\" in a few more original, case-by-case forms, but they kinda stuck with a general \\"buggy/mouthy\\" idea.<br /><br />It's still kinda fun. Especially the \\"credit's scenes\\". I have to say I was a little giggy when I saw that part.<br /><br />Now given the general story line, I suppose \\"The Thing\\" would look and act differently the first shot out of the ice compared to having already battled a group of humans and how it learned to be more careful. I have watched the DVD (saw it in the theater on opening day), and in listening to the featrues and watching it a few times with \\"fresh eyes\\" I do like it better as, I suppose, I am a bit more forgiving. I still think the general idea was \\"make alien go fast\\"! They did really want to pay homage to JC's classic (in watching the features) so kudos to them.<br /><br />The Thing From Another World is a genuine classic.<br />John Carpenter's The Thing is a masterpiece.<br />The Thing 2011 is fun and they do pay their respect in their own way. They just didn't (or \\"couldn't\\")go ALL the way.<br /><br />If nothing else, the newest version will definetly make people want to watch the John Carpenter version (hopefully) and if they haven't seen it, they're in for a real treat.<br /><br />I suppose that's all you need to know.pected this to be better than either the 1951 or 1982 versions so my expectations were low.  Negative  1.) They should have used more tension and carefully selected when and how to show \\"The Thing\\". Things (no pun inteneded) did come together pretty quick so I did feel they rushed the story more than they should have. It is basically a quick add on to tell a little more on a great story.  2.) It's too bad they did overdo it at times on CGI. This is a case where a mix could have gone a long way. There IS a mix with physical FX and some of the scenes (two-head) really needed CGI.  3.) I wanted to see \\"The Thing\\" in a few more original, case-by-case forms, but they kinda stuck with a general \\"buggy/mouthy\\" idea.  It's still kinda fun. Especially the \\"credit's scenes\\". I have to say I was a little giggy when I saw that part.  Now given the general story line, I suppose \\"The Thing\\" would look and act differently the first shot out of the ice compared to having already battled a group of humans and how it learned to be more careful. I have watched the DVD (saw it in the theater on opening day), and in listening to the featrues and watching it a few times with \\"fresh eyes\\" I do like it better as, I suppose, I am a bit more forgiving. I still think the general idea was \\"make alien go fast\\"! They did really want to pay homage to JC's classic (in watching the features) so kudos to them.  The Thing From Another World is a genuine classic.  John Carpenter's The Thing is a masterpiece.  The Thing 2011 is fun and they do pay their respect in their own way. They just didn't (or \\"couldn't\\")go ALL the way.  If nothing else, the newest version will definetly make people want to watch the John Carpenter version (hopefully) and if they haven't seen it, they're in for a real treat.  I suppose that's all you need to know.
0385342055|5.0|This is the sixth entry in Sophie Kinsella's \\"Shopaholic\\" series. Luke and Becky have settled in, with daughter Minnie, in Becky's family home. (Houses keep falling through for them.) A sudden bank failure takes much of Luke's time to handle, and puts everyone's mind on economizing--not something Becky's too keen on. Becky is leading Minnie down the same path of brand-worship and immediate gratification. Fortunately, Luke has plans for a child specialist to intervene...  There are parallel plots--Becky trying to plan a surprise party for Luke that's both affordable and actually a surprise; Becky's monster-in-law Elinor expressing a desire to finally meet her grand-daughter; Becky's innovations at her job to keep her department at The Look going. Those who have been wringing their hands over Becky's continued fantasy life will be relieved to learn that, in some future Shopaholic installment, Becky will be expected to deal with her spending issues. Becky doesn't show too well as a mum either--Minnie's hell on wheels. But Becky's sincere love and care of her husband, her daughter, and her friends makes up for a great deal, at least for fans of the books.  I enjoy the series, and I'm happy that Kinsella has apparently mapped out a few more books for us to enjoy--there are two important plot twists at the end which show the way the story will be going.
0307891402|5.0|First, this collectors edition is just plain good looking. With two thin ribbons for marking pages/sections you want to go back to and beautiful color illustrations,maps, a well constucted hardcover and the works.  What a companion for one of the most incredible if not the most incredible RPGs I have ever played. I could go on gushing about how wonderful and helpful this guide is but enough.  Just buy it!  Worth every penny!
B0061S073A|5.0|This is a great way to limit access to many of your phone or tablet apps and settings.  Only apps you add to Kids Place are available.  Works great on the Kindle Fire.
B0052U59F4|5.0|where to start....this has to be one of the most compelling...fascinating...dark and twisted reads of a lifetime.  i simply couldnt put it down and in fact became irritated at my familys interruptions..lol.  it plays on the mind like a runaway nightmare....one you tightly close your eyes to avoid but cant help peeking through your fingers to see.  this author has one fascinating and vivid imagination.  the way christian is written is so compelling and dark.. you simply cant stop reading... ive read so many ho hum books lately..and while not necessarily enraptured with some of the more violent aspects of this novel..its still one of the best books ive read this year.  kudos to this author for her extraordinary writing skills and of course im going now to purchase the second installment in this two part story.  well done
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|With a long tradition of movie series being progressively--worse! as the series progresses, why should I think otherwise? Wrong! The last of this stellar series was a satisfying conclusion to the Rowling masterpiece.
B0058VA2U4|5.0|What can I say, I waited toooooo long to purchase this album. I was skeptical of a return to Belladonna, but after hearing the single online, I knew I had to have this album. Great production, great vocals and of course the signature Anthrax sound is found all over this record!!   Belladonna conjures up his inner Dio on his vocal performance, he sounds awesome!!!  Please do not be dumb like me and hesitate any longer on getting this album, you will not regret it!!  Highlights:  The Devil You Know  In the End  I'm Alive  The Constant
B004I8WD6E|5.0|Can't go wrong when it comes to value and quality with this protective case and film.  Case fits well, enough protection for daily use of handling your iPhone.  If you are rough and drop your phone a lot or expose to harsh environment, this is not for you. However is you want the unassuming look, basic functionality and very reasonable cost... it is a deal!
0920668372|5.0|This book had moments where I thought, \\"should I read this part\\" just about a bad behavior the boy did, but you quickly pick up on the unconditional love expressed in the book and that is the focal point. It goes through the love between both, and my son actually said to me a few days later..after I told him how some day I may not be able to hold him anymore, he said, \\"then I will hold you!\\" I melted!  Sweet book, I just changed the one word from \\"like\\" to \\"love\\"
B001F12J48|4.0|This is a must have movie for Christmas! I've loved this movie since the first time I saw it and have started having Polar Express Pajama Party as of this year. It was a hit and I plan on making it a tradition for all my friends to bring their kids to. This movie is so well done and the amazing effects, story just make me all warm and fuzzy!<br /><br />If you're thinking you can watch this movie with your 3D player & TV & glasses, think again. You need the old school red/blue 3D glasses and it can give you a headache so don't buy it for the 3D effects. I would recommend just getting the blu-ray or regular dvd as the 3D is pretty useless. I hope that there might be a way to re-release it differently someday.
B004LROUNG|3.0|It's okay . Another John Grisham novel that babasically says nothing , has no real plot , but somehow makes you feel good after finishing it . Maybe it's because you finished it , which equals a genius writer . It's okay , nothing great .
B0051UP5NQ|1.0|This app continually restarts itself in the background and is constantly running a file search that uses 46.5% of my phone's CPU time (in the background).  This, of course, triggers alarms on App Watchdog...  All this before I even actually launch the app.
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|I've been using this case for about three weeks now, and it gets what I would call moderate wear.   Pro's   - Very Lightweight   - The stand is easy to operate  Con's   - The thin layer of material on the back of the case started peeling after ~2 weeks of usage   - The stand could benefit from a more secure locking mechanism.   The case doesn't add much weight to the kindle, which is nice considering I do quite a bit of reading and if the case added any significant weight, it might make that more difficult.  The con's aren't a huge deal, the case does it's job of protecting my Kindle. The stand works. But I have noticed that while operating, the stand starts to slip out. I've never had the device fall over on me (unless it was my fault for positioning it poorly). The wear on the outer edge just gives the case a very cheap look. Once the peeling gets bad enough I might spend the time to scrub the entire thing off. it's not protective in any way it just gives the outer case a non-plastic feel. I assume it also stops the device from sliding when it is standing up.  All in all, I would recommend this product for people who do tote their device around relatively often, but if you have a problem with your kindle case having a worn look, you may want to spend the money on a more durable product.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|great &amp; addicting game! I have been playing it for over a year and it stays fresh! you will not be disappointed! works fine on my Droid Dinosaur.
B0055EDCGU|1.0|I'll start by saying that Trivium was my absolute favorite band from 2005 (when I first discovered them) up until this album. This album is an absolute disgrace. I am truly bewildered that so many people are on board with the new Trivium. The music is by far technically worse than almost everything Trivium has done in the past. Nick Augusto is not half the drummer that Travis Smith was and his drumming ability is laughable by comparison. I am not speaking out of mindless distaste or arrogance and I can offer a great deal of points to validate my opinions. The bottom line is that I suggest you do not purchase this album. There are a vast amount of great metal bands to follow and Trivium (very much to my disappointment) is not one of them.
B004EPYZSK|5.0|I will not give the plot away, but this is a new twist on movies. Hands up to the writer & director, great work. I get tired of seeing remakes of the same movies over & over again, the writer has done an exceptional good job on this one, with new ideas & concepts! Nice to see some writers still have good imagination and new ideas in writing.
B004HO6I2E|1.0|....if you were a 14 year old drunk male. It was so terrible. I knew from the opening scene that this movie would be bad. I love the leads so I went in with high expectations but seriously the plot was terrible, the acting was sub par and seriously I don't know how this was not rated NC-17. There are upwards 15 different nipples flashed in this film. Save yourself from watching this and move on.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|I have been running using Nike Plus since 08.  I thought I would have a difficult time switching to a new way of tracking my runs.  I am completely sold on my Garmin 405CX.  It is very accurate and for the most part simple to use.  I plan on ordering the foot pod for my treadmill runs.  The web site is great too.  This product is probably the best investment I have made when it comes to running.
0062112430|2.0|I really liked the premise of the story and I had high hopes when I picked it up. A world where love is forbidden and seen as a crime, the possibilities were endless. I liked the first half or so of the book. But, the rest feels like the author gave up on the story. The main theme of the story is love, falling in love and feeling love. The protagonist falls in love real fast. Even though she's thought of it as a crime all her life, there is no confusion or gradual acceptance. She sees a guy, meets him again randomly and they are in love. Period. Alex is intriguing at the very beginning and I wanted to know more about him but his character pretty much falls flat, just like the protagonist. They are not un-likable, just feels like halfway developed. The most intriguing character is Hana, the best friend--she's way more rebellious than the protagonist and I wish she had been the protagonist. Anyways, the story comes to a very abrupt and unsatisfying end. There's a brief subplot with the protagonist's mother but it goes nowhere and adds nothing to the overall story.   However, the story is well-written, prose wise. Thematically and in the sense of plot development, it could have been much much better.
B005H0IW6W|1.0|I bought this album thinking that since it was Michael Buble, it MUST be good. Well, I was wrong! There are a couple of good songs but that's about it. His first Christmas album was GREAT. And seriously folks, should a guy sing \\"Santa Baby\\"?! What's next Michael, a redux of  \\"I Enjoy being a girl\\"? Some songs just can not be switched over no matter how much you futz with the lyrics. Pathetic!
B004VMVTNU|5.0|This has got to be the best alarm I have ever used. It is the only one that has ever been able to wake me up.
B0055SWM08|5.0|I love puzzle games that really make you think and Quell does that without adding frustration to the mix. Highly Recomend!
B004EPYZSK|4.0|Another movie to add to my Collection of Alien invasions. There 's not too many<br />out there worthy of a yearly watch, but this one has a bit of everything.<br />You have quality in the direction, acting, scenery and a pretty good story also.<br />And having seen a lot of cowboys and indian movies in the 50-60's (lots on TV),<br />i really like the way the indians were portrayed in this movie. They are shown<br />as warriors and not weaklings.<br />Anyway...good effects...aliens are nasty little beast with extra long fingernails..<br />you'll know what i mean once you see the movie.<br />A Keeper.
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|Almost everyone I know has played this game. If you haven't then you have been hiding under a rock. This game is simple, and fun. A great way to waste time when waiting on appointments, etc. It's highly addicting, and does provide enough challenge to make you get frustrated, yet keep coming back for more.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|Can highly recommend.  There was some delay with the cd arriving due to the busy xmas period, but Marvelio were great with responding to my emails and working to resolve it.
B001IF252C|5.0|This item works perfectly, no glitches at all, with my Mac Air 11 inch laptop and an Apple 30 inch cinema screen.  My G5 tower needed an upgraded video card to run the same screen at full resolution... and here I am using my tiny little Air with the 30 inch screen with this adapter... no noise from a big video card... and I get full resolution!
B005H0IW6W|5.0|Michael did a wonderful job singing some old classics with his special touch!  He is not another Sinatra.  He is his own man with his own style!
B004JN1D2I|4.0|The first three books were incredible - diverse and enthralling.  The post wedding scene with the Starks haunted me for a very long time.<br /><br />As for the last two books, and in particular the very last one -- well, if you enjoyed the ending of the \\"Sopranos\\", you will love this!
B005OCFGTO|4.0|The item was a couple of days late arriving, but the product itself is very nice.The box set also allows a more compact storage for the 8 disks versus the original single movie cases.
B003PIUBZS|5.0|\\"Spartacus: Blood and Sand\\" is one of the better sword and sandal series I have seen. A smorgasbord of blood, gore, violence, nudity, sex, cussing, perversion, greed, treachery, betrayal, and most of the things you watch a gladiator film for, ergo, \\"Spartacus: Blood and Sand\\" is definitely adults only, not meant for the prim and proper goody-two-shoes crowd, and if you're a Victorian era prude or Bible thumping bigot, you should avoid this DVD. On the other hand, if you're wanting some great, enthusiastic acting from men and women, good & evil, with realistically simulated sex with nude actresses and nude actors, rhythmically gyrating and building up the crescendo of ecstasy with climax, along with bloody gore with evisceration, beheading, and dismembering sword fights where the blood flows like coffee at the corner greasy spoon, then this DVD series will satisfy. This DVD is easy to take seriously, enjoy, and appreciate for delivering exactly what you expect from the title, box cover art, and brief description.  Exaggerated blind ambition personified in this season, and how one man and woman can impact so many others by ripples and eddies until consequences are felt far and wide.  I look forward to the next set of this series - first came \\"Spartacus: Gods of the Arena,\\" then \\"Spartacus: Blood and Sand,\\" and then . . . ??
B0000AQVCL|4.0|Fantastic debut from Australian rock band.  The album possesses a complete throw-back feel with tracks teetering between AC/DC hard rock and post '67 Beatles soft rock, all written and recorded with modern sensibilities.  A must for rock fans!
0071762345|4.0|Dave Kerpen and his staff at Likeable Media have crafted a book that is easy enough to understand for complete novices, yet contains enough incite to capture the attention of the savvy social media coordinator and community managers. Dave and his team hold conversations weekly to talk about the subject matter in his book (#likeablechat)and he's always willing to talk (personally!) on twitter. Nice conversational style and chock full of data to support and display. A Likeable book if there ever was one :)
B005URRCUY|5.0|The Black Keys have been around for 10 years and have released a half dozen studio albums, El Camino is the boarding point for me and although I have arrived late, I say better late than never. I have been absorbing this album since it's release I dig what I am hearing. This feels like a revival for old school rock which has been kicked in the but in the last ten years by hip-hop, rap, new country, teeny bopped crap, American Idol over singing. The last great era in rock was grunge which was a bit to abrasive and gothic for my taste even thought I liked some of it. Anyway as one reviewer said, The Black Keys takes the best of 70's hard rock, shake up the dust and comes up with something new. This is my brand of rock and roll. As for the wieners who think this album is overproduce, it is not overproduced, it is well produced. there are two frontal instruments, guitars and drums, throw in bass and some keyboard embellishment  all played and recorded well and mixed properly to produce a good record. In my book that is not over produce. While this is the first BK album I've ever own and I will do some catching up. I suspect this far into their recordings their sound has become more refined but in a very positive way. The late 70s - early 80s rock band The Polices who released five albums refined their sound with each new album, and on their last one, they produce the commercially successful and Critically acclaim  synchronicity\\"  I have my favorites put I dig each track, there is not a bad track in the lot. I just don't understand why some reviewers are putting a rejection sticker on this album like the rejection state sticker you may see on the mini van on the cover. I welcome comments to my little review.
B005OCFHHK|5.0|This is the must have blu ray collection for every Harry Potter fan. Bought this for  my daughter and she loves it.
1400052181|5.0|I had no idea what this book was about. It was chosen as a book club selection.  The story was fascinating!  I am in the medical field and perhaps that is why I enjoyed it.  The middle of the book can get slow when the author was discussing all the science behind what happened, but the characters were well represented and I believe this is an important part of our medical history here in the US.  Reminded me of The Band Played On.  Important information, written in an easy to understand way.  Involving the actual people in such important stories makes them all the more memorable.
B001EN71DQ|3.0|I understood that the product was in great shape. The box was torn and very ragged. I know this sounds trivial, but it is stored in the box, so the container is important. I have not played the movies. They are a Christmas present.
B005HSL626|5.0|I love playing this on xbox kinect.  I'm glad to see the same function carried over in this format.  It plays well on my toshiba thrive, but not so well on my samsung galaxy.
B005HV6Y84|5.0|All I need to say is this is a great CD, it truly takes me back to the movie as I play out each scene in my head. I just love it.
B00479SVBU|4.0|I have been using mine for about 3 weeks. I seems just as described in ads, was shipped quickly and worked just fine right out of the box. It is certainly much better than the bare bones, noisy units that are sold for next to nothing. I had one of the cheap FM transmitters previously and the audio quality and poor FM signal generator made it almost unusable. I'll keep this SoundFly AUX and now I have a way to listen to the hundreds of public domain books available for free on the web while I am commuting.  PROS - The signal (programmable to any even or odd FM frequency, e.g., 92.3, 92.4, 92.5, 92.6, etc.) is solid, loud and clear. However, it is FM radio quality audio. Don't expect it to sound as good as a CD or DVD audio though, as no FM radio audio quality can ever match CD or DVD audio. No surprise there, huh? I like that it reads both USB jump drive and SD cards. It displays both folders and files on the menu but seeing a complete Windows type file screen is too much to expect of any small screen unit such as this or an MP player - only so much info will fit in the six or seven lines of text on the display. The blue, lighted display is clear from angles but like so many displays, is hard to make out when I wear my polarized sun glasses.  CONS - Remote is nice but you have to hold it right in front of the main unit. I am going to change the 2025 battery included with the remote unit in hopes that a fresh battery will allow a greater range on the remote. The FOLDER/MENU display is a little tough to navigate but not a deal breaker. Early on, I also remember messing with the four memory frequencies to get it to keep my preferred FM radio broadcast frequencies. I did manage to get some preferred frequencies set up but it was in no way intuitive. Also, the unit tilts up/down but not left to right. Still, no deal breakers there! Finally, I cannot say that this unit is completely intuitive so you may expect to refer to the manual now and again. The manual is helpful butneither the best I have ever read nor the worst. It does suffer from a little bit of the dreaded trans-chinese/english, \\"If you know what of meaning I say...\\"  Unlike most CD players in cars, you must use the bookmark button to have the unit remember where you were in a song or audio book when you shut of the car. So, if I understand the instructions correctly the procedure is to set the bookmark, shut off the Soundfly unit and then you can shut down your car - big pain.  BREAKING THE RULES - So I just set my bookmark, shut off the car, and that's it. That procedure has worked OK for me so far! I am also leaving it in the car (parked outside) and it is surviving 20 degree nights just fine too. We'll see what happens when it gets down to zero overnight - stay tuned!  THE LAST WORD - Call me Mr. Obvious but it should be stated that the quality of the audio you hear is important to people and truly objective reviews of audio quality are rare. I can tell you with certainty that what you hear is dependent on three things - the quality of this little unit, your particular FM radio and the quality of the MP files you play through it. If your MP files are noisy, recorded badly or otherwise sub par - no player in the world will make them sound better.   Here's two fictitious reviews to make my point.  1.) \\"The high quality, professionally produced MPeg music file I bought from a web music service played great and sounded wonderful through this unit broadcasting to my car's Bose FM radio.\\" (Useful review)  2.) \\"This MP player/transmitter sounds cruddy and smells funny - don't buy it!\\" (Useless review)  I want to thank others who take the time to review products. I rely heavily on the COLLECTIVE wisdom of the reviews when making my purchases. I hope my reviews are always useful and truthful to you.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|I am all into the Twilight saga, my collection would not be complete without Eclipse. I absolutely love this movie.
B0060D15AK|5.0|This movie is one of my favorites. Now I can watch it no matter where I am at. I love it:0).
B005ZHB84U|4.0|I have listened to this album several times through already and have enjoyed it. Is not the typical Zimmer score, nor is it like its predecesor \\"Sherlock Holmes.\\" This album is much more foreign. The first four songs present the darker side of the score with atmospheric eeriness. These songs were some of my favorites because of their well designed atmosphere that creates tension. The next few songs after that (5-12)give an eastern European sound to the Holmes theme. These songs do not suit my taste but they are very fun to listen to and sound like a traveling around the world music where you hear a song that fits the location. For example, \\"It's So Overt it's Covert\\" contains an accordion, and has a Russian feel to it while playing the tune of the original theme. The closing songs (13-18) are mainly the action songs and have the theme from the first film placed inside of them more prominently, culminating in the song \\"The End?\\" which give the song \\"Discombobulate\\" a faster pace and some impressive variations that make the song stand out from the original theme. This score was very different than the first and the first score is definitely much better but this score gives a different but energetic view into the realm of Sherlock Holmes. The really good tracks are \\"The End?\\", \\"Memories of Sherlock\\" which is a piano piece that is elegant and sad, \\"I See Everything\\" which is obviously the main title sequence (it contains the first few notes from \\"Discombobulate\\" with gaps in between for some darker movements of strings, and \\"Zu Viele F&uuml;chse F&uuml;r Euch H&auml;nsel\\" which is an action song that involves blaring brass and tense strings. This score is really fun to listen to and fast-paced but lacks a general theme that the first film had and is rather sporadic style. The creativity and originality are impressive but the overall strange atmosphere of the album creates more of a polarizing effect than the first score did.
0688103111|4.0|Bryson is curious, clever and has a terrific way with turning a phrase.  Spending time with him is always interesting and often fascinating.
1742677576|5.0|I had not read Kate Morton before but will now read everything she has ever written!  The Forgotten Garden was wonderful.  An engrossing mystery about a family secret kept hidden for many years and the generations of women who search for the truth and slowly unravel the mystery. Unpredictable with a little wow factor in the end.  Loved it and will now go order my next Kate Morton book!!
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|I can't get this game to load.  It's stuck on \\"loading\\", and can't uninstall.  How do I get rid of this?
B004SBQAN8|5.0|I was surprised how quick it got to the recipient...right on time and not a day longer! My mom said that it was still in the wrapper, so of course it played without a hitch. She was happy and I was happy that she was but even happier that I didn't pay that much to bring a smile to both of our faces. Thanks Amazon!!
B0064NTZJO|5.0|Drive is one of those rare gems that is pretty much indescribable. It's hard to identify what type of film this is. It isn't really an action film or a drama. What I can determine is that it's a character driven film that is unlike anything else that has been released this year.<br /><br />The film stars Ryan Gosling as a man only known as the Driver. He has a job as a Hollywood stunt driver who moonlights as a getaway driver. He gives each person on a deal five minutes and if they are a second too late, he's gone and they are on their own.  The opening of the film is quite impressive as it draws you in and shows how much of a professional the Driver can be. He's very much a loner, but he seems to have a pretty good relationship with Shannon (played by Bryan Cranston), the owner of the mechanic shop he works at. The Driver soon meets Irene (Carey Mulligan), his neighbor who lives down the hall in his apartment building. She lives with her son and her husband is in prison, who is going to be released soon. When he gets out, it turns out that he owes some money to some criminals and he asks the Driver to assist him with the deal. Things go wrong and from there, Drive has you in its grip for the rest of the film. It's a slow burn film that can be calm and then bam, it can turn on you in a second.<br /><br />The performances are stellar. Gosling is fantastic as the Driver. He plays it calm and cool, with sudden bursts of violence when protecting the people he cares about. He doesn't have a lot of dialogue, but he pulls it off so well. I'm not really a fan of Gosling, but he was really impressive in this. Mulligan does well with the small screen time she's given. Cranston is just as great as he is on Breaking Bad. But the one performance that really stands out from the supporting cast is Albert Brooks. He plays Bernie Rose, a crime boss who you really don't want to be on the bad side of. He's quite calm for most of the film, but when he gets violent, it's absolutely brutal. I'm sure he will be getting plenty of attention come award season. He's phenomenal.<br /><br />Nicholas Winding Refn does wonders directing this film. He does it with such elegance in each shot. I definitely need to see some of his earlier films. The cinematography is beautiful. The score is great, sounding like something you would hear in an 80s film. It's the first soundtrack I have wanted to go out and buy since Inception. It sounds great.<br /><br />I have not seen any other film this year that has even come close to this level of satisfaction and excitement. This is a rare film that is just so great and it really sticks with you. As soon as the credits rolled, I knew this was something special that I had just seen.be getting plenty of attention come award season. He's phenomenal.  Nicholas Winding Refn does wonders directing this film. He does it with such elegance in each shot. I definitely need to see some of his earlier films. The cinematography is beautiful. The score is great, sounding like something you would hear in an 80s film. It's the first soundtrack I have wanted to go out and buy since Inception. It sounds great.  I have not seen any other film this year that has even come close to this level of satisfaction and excitement. This is a rare film that is just so great and it really sticks with you. As soon as the credits rolled, I knew this was something special that I had just seen.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|I haven't read King since the days of Christine and It. Truthfully, I was never much of a fan. Since last reading him, I became an author myself (Sniper Shot and The Dying of Mortimer Post). Last week I saw 11/22/63 in a department store, and after reading the back jacket, I immediately came home and downloaded it. I loved the writing and the premise, and was engaged immediately. For me, there is always a little hiccup with a book like this when I get to the fantasy part, and with this book it was the rabbit hole. However, the moment didn't last but a page or two, and after I accompanied Jake through, I was so hooked it was hard to put the damn thing down. Some might say that King got a little long winded with the main character's run-up to the big moment, but I disagree! I was with Jake/George every step of the way. This is a long book, but I was terribly disappointed toward the end, not with where the book went, but with the fact that it was over. I've only read maybe 4 or 5 of King's books, but I can't imagine he will ever be able to top this one. NOW King is my kind of writer! Buy this book. You won't regret it.
B004SBX112|1.0|now I realize why there are so many negative reviews for this version.  classic is so much for fun and just makes more sense.
B00005JMFQ|5.0|I can't tell you how many times I have seen this movie...it is a sheer joy to watch...funny and touching.  Perfect for the Christmas season.
0062060554|4.0|Liked the book and it was hard to put down. A group of us read it for our book club. Everybody's reaction was different, some disliked it to \\"hard to put down\\". I didn't see the book ending the way it did. Suspenseful. I would recommend this to a friend...as I have.
B000002H70|5.0|i have always liked The Cure but this is a good sounding cd from a classic band,  some very different tracks.
B000FOQ0TG|5.0|One of the best rock albums ever made, plus the videos, and a live version.  I bought it for the videos, still having the original Mindcrime CD but wanting something a little better than my old VHS of the videos.  I have not yet compared the Mindcrime CD to my original to see if the mix compares favorably.  Even if it doesn't, worth it just for the videos.
B001EN71DG|1.0|I ordered this DVD on November 11, 2011.  It is now 12 days before Christmas and I have not received it.  I have already been charged on my credit card and paid for it.  It is my grandson's main present and I am so very nervous.  I must say Amazon is supposed to be on it and I hope it will be resolved as soon as possible.  They are putting a tracer on it and hopefully it will be found.  I have ordered many things over the years and have never, ever had a problem.
0920236251|3.0|The story is great, and good especially for small girls who love princesses (and their parents who are frustrated with princesses who have to be rescued).  However, be sure to look carefully at the size of the book you're ordering.  I didn't read carefully enough and the first copy I ordered was 3 inches by 3 inches - not good for a 2 1/2 yr old!
B0052UZIFA|1.0|This app does not run on the Amazon Fire.  It should not be placed in the app store for the Fire if it does not work.  There should be a way for customers to \\"return\\" such items and get a refund.
0061777250|3.0|Dr. George. G.Richie relates his Near Death Experience, in it his \\"out of body mind\\"  says he is in the presence of the bright light, a silhouette of a man he thinks is Jesus and other different \\"forms representing  dead people \\" do not seem to see the person he thinks is Jesus.  The out of the body mind of Dr.R, asks, why that others cannot see what he sees.  Then he says  \\" Maybe whenever our centre of  attention was on any thing else, we could blockout even him \\".  This sounds some thing near to concentration in meditation.  When the meditator gets into a deep state of concentration , he is away from every thing else around him.  In the light of what I had experienced in a short space of time  where there was no declaration of a clinical death or a cardiac arrest, but  an experience of a drowning  in a river, there are similarities with the experience of Dr. Richie.    The Tibetan Book of the dead speaks of the process of dying as falling into a dark tunnel and arriving at a light.  This tunnel could take different shapes according to the raconteur.  In the case of Dr.Richie it is a bright light apparently without a shape. I  had the experience of a long hall  without sharp corners filled with a light  not a bright light as described by Dr.Richie but a soothing  light, coming from nowhere.  These experiences  related by those who have gone through them describe the experience differently according to the persons or the \\"patient's\\" own cultural or religious back ground. The man  Dr Richie calls \\" Jesus\\" did not appear in my experience. The \\"hell\\" he described  was not seen by me.  I did not meet any one of my family members who had died before me.  In this respect  Dr. Pim van Lommel's explanation as to \\"who recounts the experience\\" is significant. Dr. Lommel, says that once a  \\" patient\\" is declared  clinically dead it signifies a cardiac arrest which is,  that the \\" brain is dead\\".    TheWestern  science so far had believed that the consciousness is in the braincells.  If so a  Near Death Experience  is false , because  the dead brain cannot recount  what happened during the period the  patient was clinically dead,  unless it was the consciousness that had separated at death that has come back to life again.  Therefore if NDE  recounted by the \\"patient\\" could be  accepted, it has to be the \\"consciousness\\" that had experienced and not the brain, but a separate  entity say a sort of a field of energy which remembers  things the way \\"the patient\\" lived his life until the moment of his cardiac arrest.  Therefore, what the  \\"patient \\" relates are the concepts with which he  lived, the Jesus, the God the light, meeting the dead, seeing them in their different worldly experiences, such as smoking, drinking at bars, fighting .   What seems to be common in these experiences,  is the tunnel of light, the light which gives comfort, and  seeing people without being able to speak to them.    In Buddhist teachings the \\"man\\" is made of  \\"mind and matter\\".  Therefore once dead the body which is composed of  the, element of water, element of energy, element of wind and  the  element of hard matter remains, which eventually decays and gets absorbed into  their different  elements.    Therefore, it is only the mind that remains  the mind is the consciousness.  This consciousness stores somewhere in its \\"field of energy\\" , memories.  These memories are stored as images and emotions we had been accustomed to during the life time.  In the teachings of Buddha, it is explained that a human being creates a self .  The self is an invention of the mind , as the body by itself cannot think, see, hear, smell, taste or feel independently from the mind, the mind  gives \\"labels\\" to every  visual, auditory, olfactory, gustatory, and tactile objects that we come in contact with through our sense faculties throughout our lives.  Therefore, these \\"labels\\" in other words the \\"concepts\\" our minds have made of every day objects continue to remain in the memoryof our consciousness when it depart from the body at death?    That is what happens at a cardiac arrest of a patient in a clinical death.  Therefore what he recounts as part of his NDE is what his consciousness had stored up in its memory, the \\"concepts of his living life\\".   Therefore all those different images Dr. George Richie had \\"seen\\" in his NDE are the concepts with which he lived.  There was nothing new .  The person he sees has no face, as much as himself  has no image.  The man with comforting light for Dr. Richie cannot  be non other than the  Jesus , because the consciousness that goes through the NDE is the consciousness of Dr. Richie.  If Dr. Richie was a Buddhist he would have said the light was that of the Buddha, and if he was a Hindu he would have said it was the Brahma the creator.......  Now to interpose my own experience, I saw the light without the presence of a \\"Man\\"  I saw the light comforting  and serene. I saw coffins with a candle at the  end of each coffin as far into the end of the hall which disappeared into a bright light.  I did not see the dead.  I saw my living mother, my Scout Master, Parents and friends  but I cannot remember to have seen their faces.  But I could imagine what they are going to say and do.  I think Dr.  Lommel will agree.  Any one in any country in the world who has a NDE would  not identify as Jesus the man with the benign ligh. It would a Buddha for a man from a Buddhist country, or Brahman for a man from India or Allah for a man from an Arab  country.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This app works great on my Kindle Fire. The graphics are great and I haven't had any issues at all.
B005CYLSW8|3.0|When you've been around music as long a I have - longer than Chailly - you become immured to the hype that surrounds new recordings that arrive amid fanfares. For any \\"latest set\\" over the last 60 years there has been praise as \\"maybe the greatest\\"; yet half of them didn't even survive a normal season of applause. One has to sit down calmly, with the experience of hundreds of hours spent in the company of this composer and his interpreters, to judge a new recording. Having recently been to Leipzig and witnessed the slimming cure this orchestra is presently undergoing (\\"getting rid of the plush\\" was a slogan much bandied about), I heard familiar sounds coming at me from the loudspeakers. Most interesting about this new release is the fact, however, that Masur preceded Chailly with a complete symphonic recording devoted to Beethoven. There was plenty of plush in their playing then, more measured tempi, no hard pushing, but an eminently civilised approach that even then was not to everyone's tastes. But the set has lasted - for the simple reason that it enshrined lasting values. It was not \\"the\\" Beethoven set, but one of the elect at any rate. So how does this new set fare by comparison?  The sound is much better, of course. However, it is a little on the hard side, and not as spacious as before. This can become unpleasant on extended listening. It is not what you would hear people say who just listen to the highlights.  But more worrisome than this are the tempi with which Chailly attacks his work. From the moment that Symphony 1 begins with a brisk Allegretto rather than Adagio, as required by the composer, you know you're going to be in for a spin on the Autobahn! At that same moment you also note that Chailly has a penchant for really punching one-note chords - they are like hammer blows throughout. Finally the main tempo is practically a presto - in some places when a presto is actually prescribed (e.g. Finale of Symphony 7) he can't go any faster.  Altogether histempi are too fast in most movements, including the slow ones - his Eroica Funeral March takes 12' (Barenboim: 18'!). It does not sound grave; in fact it is one of the low points of the set, a very perfunctory rendition, as if he just refused to get emotionally involved in the music. I might as well stay with slow movements; they are the heart of Beethoven and several of them the equivalent of prayers. The only movements where his speed actually works is in the Pastoral and the 7th symphony. The rest of them are banal to the point of sounding like Muzak. There is no sense of exploring Beethoven's spiritually. It seems that having cast the mould, Chailly decided to be consistent and drive down the Autobahn even when he should sit still and meditate. - Taken as a whole, the slow movements are a black mark against this set.  About the head movements: The Eroica is much too fast and consequently sounds like a lightweight. This is not insightful, but erratic. When you come to the 5th ymphony, which is in fact the best of this whole set, this works. But you can't take the 5th as a model for a performance of the 3rd. That is pandering to stereotypes. The 7th, 8th and 9th symphonies are improvements on this routine and some effort made to discriminate between their respective moods. But Chailly is not consistent with this approach: his Pastoral is so breathless it makes you wonder what the word \\"pastoral\\" means to him; and his 4th symphony is neither smiling nor particularly masculine, but something like a storm in the chicken coop.  I can't go on detailing everything. The best service I can render the reader is to summarise what I perceive as the problems with the whole set (which includes the Overtures).  If you were to audition one symphony at a time and compare with 3-4 others (meaning: you alternate your aural surroundings each day and each audition), you would notice an attitude throughout that is characterised by fast, almost breathess tempi, a penchant for sharp and brusk articulation, a refusal to linger even in slow movements, a striving for exactitude and clarity in orchestral playing, a transparent texturing, and all this under the umbrella of ONE STYLE. You might judge at the end that this benefits Symphonies Nos. 5 and 7; less so Nos. 1, 2, 4 and 8; and is quite detrimental to No. 6 (where leisured tempi are of the esence) and Nos. 3 and 9, which lack any sense of weight and importance. There are moments where this pays off when it succeeds in conveying a sense of exaltation - in the Finales to No. 5 and 9. But overall these moments are exceptional.   The greatest failing of Chailly's set is indicated by my capitalisation of ONE STYLE. Beethoven's symphonies change style unmistakably after No. 2 and after No. 8. This change of perspective on the composer's supreme vehicle of his art is disregarded here. Over the long run, therefore, you begin to discern the fingerprint not of Beethoven, but of Chailly, as if they were his symphonies. In short: I miss completely what is absolutely indispensable to a Beethoven survey: the depiction of the growth of a creative mind. The way Chailly performs No. 1 and 5 and 9, they all SOUND THE SAME, just richer in orchestration and invention as you go on. With this lack of discrimination, you could be forgiven for wondering what is so great about Beethoven's later works.  My advice is: If you are the owner of Masur's set, you would be best advised to keep it. It has been a model for sane and sensitive Beethoven playing for 40 years and will still be around in the next 40 years.  This is not mentioning at least a dozen surveys by even older conductors who are plainly more deeply attuned to Beethoven's mission in his symphonies than Chailly.  On the other hand, there has been a trend of late to de-spiritualise (not to say: debunk) great music. For listeners who feel this way, the Chailly set may well be the answer to their need - for an 'objective' view of the landscape and indeed an exhibition piece of the art of digital recording.
098357670X|5.0|I've done caricatures for years sometimes just winging it. The Parham and Redman books are good for people starting out. This book is like grad school for caricature artists. It demonstrates solid foundations and details on caricatures in general and drawing the specific parts of the human face. It comes froma guy who has drawn caricatures for years and has developed specific strategies to capture a good likeness and exaggeration.  This book isn't just for caricature artists. Cartoonists, portrait painters, and anyone interested in drawing people will benefit from this book. I highly recommend it. It's so chock full of info and insights that it is a bargain at any price.
0316236535|5.0|I purchased this book years ago for my girls who were 3 & 2 yrs old at that time (they're 10 & 9yrs old now) they absolutely loved it, the vibrant colors & the thought of them scarying a MONSTER away made this their favorite book of all. I was pregnant a few months back & my girls wanted me to look for this book for the new baby, we finally found it here @ AMAZON, now my baby is 9mth old & of course, as expected, she loves it too!
B004VPAXIY|5.0|As the previous reviewer stated, this is a new release of The Dreaming on Kate's Fish People label, but everything that I've seen indicates that it is not a remaster.  My understanding is that the 2011 releases of The Sensual World and The Red Shoes ARE remastered, but the new releases of The Dreaming and Hounds of Love are NOT.  I've heard that Kate didn't like the sound of Sensual World and Red Shoes resulting from the use of early all-digital recording, and I suspect these got the remaster treatment because of that.  I have the new Sensual World disc, and it does sound much better than the original.  Dreaming and Hounds were well-produced in analog, and I can only assume that she didn't think remastering was going to make that much of a sonic improvement.  I have the mid-90s EMI remaster of Hounds (now out of print) and it doesn't sound that much different IMO.  (It's worth hunting down for the bonus tracks, though.)  So, if you don't have this CD, just get it - it still sounds great.  If you already have an earlier version, however, you won't get an upgrade in sound quality with this.  You will get new packaging and a fresh, new CD though!
B006IGZWB2|4.0|I read the book a while back and really liked it. When I heard they were making it into a movie, I was curious as to how they would adapt it. Fortunately, it was done very well. I felt the movie and book compliment each other. It's nice when that happens (not all that often in my experience). It wasn't the best book I've ever read, nor is it the best movie I've ever seen, but both were good, and definitely worth my time.  I would recommend this to my friends/family.
6305428298|4.0|Little Voice was delightful and entertaining.  It will appeal to the Broadway loving crowd. It isn't memorable and I don't find myself pulling it out of the DVD pile to watch again, but I enjoyed watching it when it first arrived.  I share this movie with other friends who also enjoy singing.
B000002KCV|4.0|This album is a nice addition to those who love Alberta, Canada and the rendition of Four Strong Winds...Excellent! xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
0783225903|5.0|I love this surreal film.  It represents the frustrations we all feel in a manufactured world and overly bureaucratic society. This is a DVD that lives on the special shelf of things not to be thrown away, donated, or downsized.  Excellent film.
B002JVWRAO|5.0|Each season ends on a super dramatic event. The fourth one ended with the releasing of Lucifer from his cage by Sam himself who killed the last seal Lilith. Nothing is said here about the tremendous dedication of demons to their master Lucifer but we should have some kind of a soft and sweet thought in their direction because they serve and the only prize they can get from it is to die, killed in a way or another and for Lilith it was her absolute glory to die at the hands of Sam who is Lucifer's vessel. But would she have accepted to pay that price if they knew what was to really happen?<br /><br />Lucifer being free he uses a first female vessel but fast shifts for a male one, but it is not the real vessel he needs and it decays fast. He has to bring Sam to accepting to be his vessel. But it is not that easy and it will take the whole season to find a way.<br /><br />Let's say clearly the Apocalypse means the four Horsemen and these have to be cast upon humanity if Lucifer is to triumph. On the other hand Sam has to accept to be Lucifer's vessel and Dean has to accept to be Michael's vessel. Things are made slightly more complex when they discover they have a half brother Adam somewhere in the US from one of their father's mission that made him know a woman he visited, her and their son, every year for his birthday and took the boy every year to a baseball game. But the meeting is made difficult because the first Adam and the first mother of his they meet are ghouls who have eaten the real ones up. Sam and Dean will have to kill them both. They will also discover the remains of the bodies and bury them. Adam will have to be resuscitated by Michael to pressurize Dean with the help of the angel Zachariah.<br /><br />The final meeting brings the three boys and Zachariah together when Dean says yes but with some conditions, one being his killing Zachariah on the spot. Dean and Sam manage to escape the cubicle where the meeting was planned but Michael is on his way and he takes Adam instead of Dean. That's where the series is most interesting. Everything has been decided by God and everything is written up there in the big book and yet systematically these two boys do just what they want, particularly Dean. \\"Screw destiny right in its face! I say we take the fight to them and we'll do it our way!\\" That's the general spirit of Dean: he refuses anything that is imposed to him in a way or another which cpould be considered as typically American.<br /><br />So he faces the Apocalypse the way it comes The four horsemen are supposed to come down first and they take the four of them one after the other. The story here is doubled by the fact that these horsemen all have a ring and the four rings are the key and lock to Lucifer's cage out of which Sam has enabled him to get. The objective then is double: to stop the four horsemen and prevent their misdeeds, and then to capture their four rings.<br /><br />The red Horseman is War and he enjoys getting into a community and making one half believe the other side are demons and vice versa and watch them killing one another to the end. He will lose his fingers and his ring and be defeated. Some well seasoned hunters were taken in by the horseman's antics very easily like Ellen and Jo.<br /><br />The white horseman is Famine and it kills people by making them overeat all the time, even eating one another. He reduces them to their most intimate desire (either their need for sex, food, drinks etc...). Strangely enough he does not live on that satisfaction but he has demons at his service that collect the souls of some dying people and he Famine nourishes himself on these souls carried to him in a special briefcase by a soul collecting demon. Sam and Dean put Famine on a diet by stealing one of these briefcases. But the confrontation is great because, when Famine gives the order to his minions to bring Dean and Sam for him to eat their souls, Sam is able to kill and exorcise all the demons aroundFamine, except Famine of course. Then Famine eats the black smokes of these demons and Sam exorcises these demons' essences out of Famine, killing him at the same time, since Sam's need was demon blood and he can satisfy himself with the essence of these demons (their black smoke). As for Dean, it is said that he never recovered from his time in Hell and has no desire, like a dead man walking.<br /><br />The green horseman is Pestilence. He spreads all kinds of diseases just by touching people, or even wanting them sick. He is living as Doctor Green in an old people's home where he can experiment his talents. He is also working with a certain Brady in Chicago who is preparing the general attack for Death, the fourth and black horseman, by producing and shipping millions of doses of a special vaccine that will spread the Croatoan virus in the population under the disguise of anti-flu vaccination. Pestilence loves the procedure that will make millions sick and death loves it too since it will make them dead eventually.<br /><br />Sam has to manage his anger when he discovers Brady, one of his old high school and college friends, the very one who introduced him to Jessica, is the direct helper of Pestilence. He will eventually kill him. They will be led to where Death is by Crowley, that demon who managed to get the special Colt from Bela, though the Colt has lost all its magic. Dean will have to confront Death and negotiate his ring with him. Death is bored of being Lucifer's slave and he wants to recapture his freedom, so he gives his ring to Dean provided Dean promises he won't prevent Sam from getting Lucifer back into the cage, a double procedure that requires Sam to accept to be Lucifer's vessel, but then to keep enough power to open the cage and jump into it, Dean having to close the cage in his turn afterwards.<br /><br />But all that is not that simple because Michael has chosen Adam as his vessel and the final fight between Lucifer and Michael takes place in an old cemetery in Lawrence, Kansas between Sam and Adam. Dean will disturb the game by bringing the Impala into the picture with old Rock music that makes Sam nostalgic and when Sam/Lucifer is getting ready to kill Dean with a last final blow Sam takes over with his memories and he opens the cage and ... But then Adam/Michael protests because he did not play his part. Never trust an older son (Michael) especially when he is in fact younger and only a half-brother. And there Sam in a last minute of domination before the end takes Adam/Michael down along with himself and Lucifer into the cage.<br /><br />That's the mystery of this series. It refers in a great eruption of details to some well-known stories, like Saint John's Apocalypse, all kinds of apocrypha around this Apocalypse and many other Apocalypses, since apocalypse only means revelation and there are at least three fundamental \\"apocalypses\\" in the Bible, two in the Old Testament and Saint John's. Apocrypha are myriads and no one can know them all, especially since some are still somewhere in some desert in a jar under some stone in a cave. We just don't know which cave. At the same time the brothers state as often as they can that we are free to choose what we want and they pervert the stories they are dealing with. Here it is typical: Michael in Lucifer's cage with Lucifer, older and younger brothers, respectively in the bodies and beings of Adam and Sam, half brothers the first one being the younger one, is a perfect perversion and it will lead to a mountain of complications, in the sixth season of course.<br /><br />But the whole series is so rich that we cannot start telling you every single episode. Let me say that the story is more and more closely knit, very few, if even only one, episodes are off the main line. The trickster was such a side line and yet he is brought back into the center in this season, and what a center indeed. An archangel himself. At the same time there is a slightly irritating over-Christianizing of the story and that is maybe the result of the direct connection with Saint John's Book of Revelation.<br /><br />It is gross and absolutely funny to have a convention of all traditional pagan gods, well not all of them as a matter of fact, but a few nevertheless, and it leads to a pleasurable though perfectly sickening episode. It is surprising that these pagan gods are all killed, except Kali, the only woman in the band. Note the approach is really folkloric because most pagan gods that are still worshipped are not males but are most of them androgynous, like the Hindu gods. Kali is supposed to represent that family but the family has three major gods and all of them are androgynous. This episode is pure horrifying comedy. Especially with the victuals in the freezer being live human beings, one or two being actually served at the dinner table. Appetizing indeed. And yet it is in this episode that the Trickster reveals who he really is and is eliminated from the competition by Lucifer himself.<br /><br />It is also a change of direction for Castiel, who, in this fight between Heaven and Hell, chooses to be on mankind's side, a decision that he will pay by becoming more and more human, losing his grace little by little during the whole season. In an episode, when Dean is transferred by the Angels into the future to see what the Apocalypse will bring to Earth, he is the last remaining Angel on Earth, but a poor one, lost in drugs and women: he had become a real human. However, after being killed by Lucifer in the last episode, he is resurrected by God and given back his grace. During a part of the season, he tries to find God to prevent the Apocalypse from happening and his Father tells him to stop looking for him and that he will not intervene as human matters are no longer his concern.<br /><br />In spite of being closely knit the season is also providing quite a few sidetracks but they are systematically brought back in line in a way or another. The First Annual Supernatural Convention though is both funny and silly. Yet it revives and builds up the Chuck character as the author of the comic books, but we know he is also the prophet of God and writing the next Gospel of the faith. And it is this Chuck who closes the series with his concluding remark: \\"Endings are bad. But nothing really ends, does it?\\" That's what they call suspense I guess. See you next September. Yet this Chuck in-between the various events of the last episode provides us with the history of the famous Impala car that is roaming the roads of TV land searching our mental territories for grotesque demons and all the more grotesque angels.<br /><br />This season is essential though as for the two brothers. Their relation becomes adult enough that they can envisage to be living separate lives and destinies. Dean will survive the events and will have a normal life with Lisa and her/his son Ben. Sam during that time will have a double incestuous relation with his double brother Adam/Michael, being double himself Sam/Lucifer. If Freud is right a relation between two people is in fact a relation between four people, then here a relation between four people is a relation between eight. That means it is very complex, complicated, intricate and fascinating, as for all the combinations you can imagine.<br /><br />Yet all along the two brothers reveal some very interesting things to us.<br /><br />The fact that Dean constantly wants to drop out because he does not have any faith in the whole business, makes him consider he is used more than deciding what he is doing. This develops in him a strange boredom and tiredness that leads to being defeated and walking away. He does it several times and his come-backs become more and more difficult. He is the one who never says a real yes to anyone and the final moment when he says yes to Michael, in his absence what's more, he manages to kill his messenger and escape him, leaving behind a perfectly frightened half portion of what it would take to just imagine being Michael.  And yet, Dean seems to be the only one who makes the choice from his own free will and not to answer a guilty feeling, an angel demand or anything else.<br /><br />Dean suffers from another disease concerning his brother. He treats him like a little brother all the time. True enough Sam treats him like a big brother all the time. They both have to grow up out of boyhood and into adulthood. The first one to do it is Sam, the younger one, because he was baited into demon blood addiction and because he was the one who opened the cage. This tremendous responsibility on the guilty side of his conscience builds in him a new responsibility on the victorious side of his mind: to be the one who can fix his own mistake without the help of big brother even if that means somewhere getting close to killing that big brother and stopping just in time and then disappearing in the limbos of nowhere under an immensity of nowhereness. Though Sam volunteers for that jump into unknown territories, he wants to have the approval of his big brother and his personal and direct decision to get onboard that crazy Luciferian boat leads him to leaving his bigger brother behind, alive luckily.<br /><br />Dean is not that positive. He is more afraid of losing Sam than of losing. He yields to Sam's decision to play the game of Lucifer to trap him, though he may run the risk of killing his own brother in the meantime, a risk that Sam is ready to take because there is a perfectly unfair chance that he may not kill him and stop just before that point. But Dean is ready till and as far as the last minute to die at the hands of his own brother trying to get him back from his Satanic fate. This desire, and I mean desire, to die like that is not a risk he is taking. It is a decision of his because at this moment he wants to die united in his own death to the very fists of his brother killing him. That intensity goes beyond love. Dean at this moment is totally addicted to his relation to his own brother Sam, and only to that relation. He can then step down and move back to Lisa and have a life of oblivion and frustration under the sole light that Sam loved him enough not to kill him. And that peaceful fate for Dean was the strong suggestion Sam made before closing the deal.<br /><br />Dean on the other side is able to widen and open his love to the whole humanity. He is not hunting to kill demons, but to save people. Killing demons is only the easiest method you have to save people. He kills without any pangs of conscience the demons who are endangering humanity, like those at the pharmaceutical plant before the deadly vaccines are shipped out, and yet he will consider his task as done only when he will have saved, one by one, all the humans who got trapped in that factory. Altruism is the fodder of a man like Sam, whereas one-pointed purposefulness is the only food Dean can have and he often has some kind of gastric reflux that gives him indigestion and prevents him from eating his mental stomach full.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU with the help of Ivan EVEof Revelation.  It is gross and absolutely funny to have a convention of all traditional pagan gods, well not all of them as a matter of fact, but a few nevertheless, and it leads to a pleasurable though perfectly sickening episode. It is surprising that these pagan gods are all killed, except Kali, the only woman in the band. Note the approach is really folkloric because most pagan gods that are still worshipped are not males but are most of them androgynous, like the Hindu gods. Kali is supposed to represent that family but the family has three major gods and all of them are androgynous. This episode is pure horrifying comedy. Especially with the victuals in the freezer being live human beings, one or two being actually served at the dinner table. Appetizing indeed. And yet it is in this episode that the Trickster reveals who he really is and is eliminated from the competition by Lucifer himself.   It is also a change of direction for Castiel, who, in this fight between Heaven and Hell, chooses to be on mankind's side, a decision that he will pay by becoming more and more human, losing his grace little by little during the whole season. In an episode, when Dean is transferred by the Angels into the future to see what the Apocalypse will bring to Earth, he is the last remaining Angel on Earth, but a poor one, lost in drugs and women: he had become a real human. However, after being killed by Lucifer in the last episode, he is resurrected by God and given back his grace. During a part of the season, he tries to find God to prevent the Apocalypse from happening and his Father tells him to stop looking for him and that he will not intervene as human matters are no longer his concern.  In spite of being closely knit the season is also providing quite a few sidetracks but they are systematically brought back in line in a way or another. The First Annual Supernatural Convention though is both funny and silly. Yet it revives and builds up the Chuck character as the author of the comic books, but we know he is also the prophet of God and writing the next Gospel of the faith. And it is this Chuck who closes the series with his concluding remark: \\"Endings are bad. But nothing really ends, does it?\\" That's what they call suspense I guess. See you next September. Yet this Chuck in-between the various events of the last episode provides us with the history of the famous Impala car that is roaming the roads of TV land searching our mental territories for grotesque demons and all the more grotesque angels.  This season is essential though as for the two brothers. Their relation becomes adult enough that they can envisage to be living separate lives and destinies. Dean will survive the events and will have a normal life with Lisa and her/his son Ben. Sam during that time will have a double incestuous relation with his double brother Adam/Michael, being double himself Sam/Lucifer. If Freud is right a relation between two people is in fact a relation between four people, then here a relation between four people is a relation between eight. That means it is very complex, complicated, intricate and fascinating, as for all the combinations you can imagine.  Yet all along the two brothers reveal some very interesting things to us.   The fact that Dean constantly wants to drop out because he does not have any faith in the whole business, makes him consider he is used more than deciding what he is doing. This develops in him a strange boredom and tiredness that leads to being defeated and walking away. He does it several times and his come-backs become more and more difficult. He is the one who never says a real yes to anyone and the final moment when he says yes to Michael, in his absence what's more, he manages to kill his messenger and escape him, leaving behind a perfectly frightened half portion of what it would take to just imagine being Michael.  And yet, Dean seems to be the only one who makes the choice from his own free will and not to answer a guilty feeling, an angel demand or anything else.  Dean suffers from another disease concerning his brother. He treats him like a little brother all the time. True enough Sam treats him like a big brother all the time. They both have to grow up out of boyhood and into adulthood. The first one to do it is Sam, the younger one, because he was baited into demon blood addiction and because he was the one who opened the cage. This tremendous responsibility on the guilty side of his conscience builds in him a new responsibility on the victorious side of his mind: to be the one who can fix his own mistake without the help of big brother even if that means somewhere getting close to killing that big brother and stopping just in time and then disappearing in the limbos of nowhere under an immensity of nowhereness. Though Sam volunteers for that jump into unknown territories, he wants to have the approval of his big brother and his personal and direct decision to get onboard that crazy Luciferian boat leads him to leaving his bigger brother behind, alive luckily.  Dean is not that positive. He is more afraid of losing Sam than of losing. He yields to Sam's decision to play the game of Lucifer to trap him, though he may run the risk of killing his own brother in the meantime, a risk that Sam is ready to take because there is a perfectly unfair chance that he may not kill him and stop just before that point. But Dean is ready till and as far as the last minute to die at the hands of his own brother trying to get him back from his Satanic fate. This desire, and I mean desire, to die like that is not a risk he is taking. It is a decision of his because at this moment he wants to die united in his own death to the very fists of his brother killing him. That intensity goes beyond love. Dean at this moment is totally addicted to his relation to his own brother Sam, and only to that relation. He can then step down and move back to Lisa and have a life of oblivion and frustration under the sole light that Sam loved him enough not to kill him. And that peaceful fate for Dean was the strong suggestion Sam made before closing the deal.  Dean on the other side is able to widen and open his love to the whole humanity. He is not hunting to kill demons, but to save people. Killing demons is only the easiest method you have to save people. He kills without any pangs of conscience the demons who are endangering humanity, like those at the pharmaceutical plant before the deadly vaccines are shipped out, and yet he will consider his task as done only when he will have saved, one by one, all the humans who got trapped in that factory. Altruism is the fodder of a man like Sam, whereas one-pointed purposefulness is the only food Dean can have and he often has some kind of gastric reflux that gives him indigestion and prevents him from eating his mental stomach full.  Dr Jacques COULARDEAU with the help of Ivan EVE
6305882592|5.0|I forgot who told me to check out this film but I am happy that they did.  This film is dark, daring, and heartwarming.  People don't make films like this anymore and it's a shame.  Watch and enjoy.  Everyone should take a little more risk and enjoy a little more happiness in their lives.
B00005ASHM|5.0|I remember the first time I ever heard 'Pet Sounds.' I was sitting at a beach house in Delaware, just relaxing, and I decided to pop in a copy of 'Pet Sounds' that I just purchased not too long ago (at the time). I shut my eyes, popped the CD in the player, and entered another universe. I was moved to tears (and it takes a LOT for me to cry). This record completely changed my life.   It has taken me forever to write a review on Amazon for 'Pet Sounds,' simply because I couldn't quite find the words to describe Brian Wilson and The Beach Boys' 1966 masterpiece. I still can't honestly. But I'm going to try. But first, in case you don't already understand the background of this record, allow me to \\"clue you in.\\"  In the early 1960s, The Beach Boys consisted of Mike Love, Brian Wilson, Dennis Wilson, Carl Wilson, and David Marks. This lineup released three records from 1962-1963, all consisting of \\"fun in the sun\\"-esque songs, revolving around the surf, sun, cars, and girls. These records symbolized the California surf sound. Marks left the group in 1963, replaced by original member Al Jardine (although both were in the group at the same time, it was soon obvious that Jardine was going to dominate the rhythm guitar spot -- Jardine had been in the group during its earliest incarnation but left in late-1961 to pursue dentistry, only to return less than two years later). With this lineup change, the group slowly moved towards a more complex sound and added tighter vocal harmonies. In 1964, Brian Wilson suffered a nervous breakdown, and stopped touring. The group initially replaced Wilson on the road with future country and television star Glen Campbell on the road, but this was no long term solution. The group released one final album with the five-piece, 'The Beach Boys Today!' before adding Bruce Johnston to the touring lineup as Brian Wilson's replacement, and, as it turned out, in the studio as well.  In 1965, the group released 'Summer Days (And Summer Nights!!),' which is perhaps the precursor to what was to come a year later. This record proved to be their best yet, and showed The Beach Boys maturing as vocalists and lyricists. But even in '65, nobody could have predicted what was to occur a year later.  That's the history lesson.  Brian Wilson was the visionary behind this record. And his vision shines through brilliantly here, to say the least. The vocal harmonies on this record are otherworldly. There are simply no words to describe just how brilliant 'Pet Sounds' is. 'Wouldn't it Be Nice,' 'Sloop John B,' and 'God Only Knows' are the \\"radio hits\\" (notice the quotations -- this really isn't a radio-friendly record by any means) from this album, but these are only part of the mystique of 'Pet Sounds.'   Listen to the haunting harmonies on 'You Still Believe in Me,' and the creative use of sounds by Brian. A honking horn? Brilliant. Mike Love turns out one of his best vocal performances on 'That's Not Me.' To those who say that Mike Love can't sing, listen to 'That's Not Me' again. His vocals here are emotional and almost flawless, and Brian's vocals in the chorus are also just brilliant. I've always loved the guitar sound in the chorus here as well.   The instrumentals are also great. 'Let's Go Away for Awhile' is a dreamy, mysterious piece that features none of The Beach Boys playing on it (this includes Brian Wilson). Wilson arranges it and does it perfectly, but take note that he does not actually participate in the playing. I've always loved the vibraphones on here. This is a neat instrumental. The title track is also quite imaginative, featuring the banging of Coca-Cola cans for percussion. The guitar sound on here is great, as are all of the multiple percussion tracks. This track is extremely complex, and packs a lot into it for a song under 4 minutes.  'Here Today' is another fine performance by Love. This is a love song, and it is probably one of the few tracks here (besides the \\"radio hits\\") that the strictly \\"fun-in-the-sun\\" Beach Boys fans could relate to. While I'll always prefer Love's vocals on 'That's Not Me,' he still sings wonderfully here, and should be praised for his vocal delivery.  And then there are the tearjerkers. 'Don't Talk (Put Your Head On My Shoulder)' is, in my opinion, the most beautiful piece of music ever found on any modern record of any genre. Period. Brian Wilson's vocals here are as close to flawless as one could ever hope to hear. The string arrangements in the middle of the track are perfect, and just suit the track perfectly. Hal Blaine's ever-so-light tapping on cymbal is just perfect for this track. More so than any other track on the record, this song creates a mood. It's slow, romantic, and thought-provoking. This may very well be the most perfect track ever put on tape. And I mean that. 'I Just Wasn't Made for These Times' is also mind-bogglingly beautiful. If you aren't moved by Brian's vocal delivery and the harmonies contained in the middle section, there is something seriously wrong with you (or you are soulless). 'Caroline No' has always been my personal favorite track on the record. While it isn't the most beautiful song on the record, it certainly could be on any other record. Brian's vocals are gut-wrenching and just perfect. You can feel almost every emotion he is trying to convey. You feel the heartbreak in his voice, and it almost stings. But it is also quite beautiful, and the arrangement could not be more perfect.  The hits on this record are also perfect. 'Sloop John B' is an old folk song that Bud & Travis had recorded a few years ago, as had The Kingston Trio. Al Jardine had the idea to put a folk song on the record for a balance. Brian, at first reluctant, agreed, and radically altered the track for the record. This song was a radio hit back in 1966, and while I have read that the track is out of place on the record, I could not disagree more. I think the track is perfect here, as it gives the record a lighter track, despite the song's message being rather sad. (This song would have also fit perfectly on 'Summer Days' in my opinion).  'Wouldn't it Be Nice' has been played many times, and is still a concert staple for all three current touring lineups of The Beach Boys. Tony Asher's lyrics here are great, and Wilson's voice is also in top shape. This song conveys a message of optimism, and is a perfect love song and the ultimate record opener. 'God Only Knows' was one of Carl Wilson's first vocal performances, and it also remains one of his best. Wilson would perform this song in concert with The Beach Boys right up until his death in February 1998. The backing track is perfect, and the harmonies that Brian, Carl, and Bruce Johnston share on the track are just gorgeous.   Lastly, 'I Know There's an Answer' could be interpreted as Brian's take on LSD. It's an interesting track, and it does surprisingly fit on this record. The backing track is extremely complex, featuring a tambourine as its driving rhythm. It's quite interesting. It's not a beauty like some of the other tracks here, but it is certainly a very cool track.  The bonus tracks are also neat. 'Trombone Dixie' appears on some additions. Portions of this track (you can call them \\"recycled bits\\") would later show up on later albums (as backing tracks). 'Hang On to Your Ego' is simply the original version of 'I Know There's an Answer' before Mike Love made Brian Wilson and Tony Asher change the lyrics due to its obvious drug references.  The years following 1966 would see some good times ('Good Vibrations,' released at the end of the year would reach #1, the last Beach Boys track to do so in America until 1988) and bad times (the shelving of the 'SMiLE' album until November 2011, Brian Wilson's breakdown, the disappearance of The Beach Boys on the American charts). But one thing is for sure -- 'Pet Sounds' is brilliant. I think it is the greatest album ever made, and it is probably also my favorite album ever made. It is beautiful, moving, interesting, complex, intricate, gorgeous, and flawless. It is very well engineered and very well played (featuring some of the best session musicians in the business, including drummer Hal Blaine, guitarist Barney Kessel and bassist Carol Kaye). This record is a masterpiece that must be owned by all serious music fans.  I don't care if you like The Beach Boys or not. If you don't own 'Pet Sounds,' you don't have a collection of music that is worthy of mentioning. Plain and simple. Words cannot describe just how brilliant this record really is. Millions have tried to sing its praises (like I am trying to do now), but there really aren't words adequate enough to describe just how wonderful this record is. This is more than a record -- it is almost a religious experience in its own right.  Five stars is not worthy of a record like this. Infinite stars are needed to even *come close* to describing how brilliant this album is. Buy this album IMMEDIATELY if you don't own it already. Buy it and prepare to be blown away by the sheer brilliance that is 'Pet Sounds.'
0064407667|5.0|Simply stimulating for you silly sister or sinister uncle Sal.  This book is sophisticated, striking, scientific, soothing, and a stinking series that all should savor.
B004LWZW4M|5.0|After the fiasco reimagining Tim Burton did with his Planet of the Apes movie(even though I liked it), It is understandable that people looked to Rise of the Planet of the Apes with alot of skepticism. Rise(as I'll refer to it from now on) tells the story of how Caesar became aware(able to think for himself, if you will) and then became the leader of the army that will, one day, lead a rebellion against humanity.<br /><br />When I saw the trailer for the movie months before, I was quite disappointed with it. To be brutally honest, I never thought that Director Rupert Wyatt could pull off a serious reboot of the Planet of the Apes movies without it looking abit like Burton's film but, lo and behold, with Andy Serkis' performance as Caesar- he does more than that. He actually makes the story believable. If Serkis or Wyatt one doesn't get an award during the Oscars, then those people in Hollywood are just plain silly. Being a hardcore Planet of the Apes fans, I came out of the theater more than pleased with the film.<br /><br />If I had anything to nitpick about with the movie, it would be the deliberate pacing in the movie. It was a little slow for my tastes. However, the payoff at the end more than makes up for all that.<br /><br />In the end, all I can say is, if you don't check Rise of the Planet of the Apes out, you're missing one heckuva movie.
0062060554|2.0|The premise of this book has been used before.  I knew after one chapter what was going on and what was coming.  Don't waste your money on this book.
B004LOMB2Q|1.0|I have enough accounts online as it is.  I don't need another password to keep track of just to take notes. I'll find another app.
B0054N73EY|3.0|Having listened to the chili's since the late 80's I was happy when Mr. Rick Rubin joined the fold. He added some structure to the chili's funk-e-ness. They produced some great albums together. However, this one is produced over the top. Every song is cut differently. If you have a high end or mid to high end sound system you'll find you cannot have the same settings from one song to the next. When I tried to go straight two channel and turned off the sub as a last hope it sounded horrible. In 3.1 channel it sounds muddled at the jam parts and hurts my ears. Please, please... STOP! Music is like sex Mr. Rubin, sometimes less is more. With all that said the music and lyrics can't be denied. The Red Hot Chili Peppers are without a doubt the greatest band in history. Zepplin, Stones, Beatles, Floyd, and the rest can't hold their socks. No exaggeration, the Chili Peppers have 100 hits! This album has great new tunes. Police Station, Ethiopia, Even you Brutus, just to name few. Could have done without Dance, Dance, Dance, though. Hope the next album is more along the lines of By the Way or Californication. In the meantime thank you once again RHCP'S. To you Mr. Rubin... Stop!
0307891372|5.0|Well first, Amazon has amazing shipping prices and timing. I think it only took 1-2 days to get to me. As far as the guide goes, it is another amazing job done by Bethesda/Prima. This guide is huge (about as long as the Oblivion GOTY guide) and it is completely worth it. It explains everything you need to know about the game if there is something you just can't find or just want to learn more about the game. I purchased this on Amazon because GameStop tried to charge me $30 for it lol. Awesome stuff Amazon.
B0001I561E|2.0|I received the Aladdin DVD in a timely manner, but when I received it, the outter cover/case for the DVD was destroyed with lose pieces broken off moving around on the inside of the case.  The DVD itself was not broken, as far as I can tell, since it's a Christmas gift and I haven't attempted to play it yet, but the packaging was destroyed, which means that I will have to find a new container to store the DVD in, which is a difficult task since all the DVD cases I have are for movies I still possess.
0385534639|4.0|This book is mysterious, magical, fantastical and very intelligent.  A masterpiece of fiction.  A journey for the magical and the non magical, but be ready to believe because its not for the unimaginative person.  A circus that is magical and limits no one is created somehow, it is real and exists to the public but how we do not know....???
B004VMUS9G|5.0|This app does what it says it will do. Allows multiple alarms, repeating alarms, different sounds. What else do you need? Nothing...the correct answer is that you dont need anything else in an alarm app.
1904994679|4.0|Well, here it is. The 2012 version of the Guinness Book of Records. Much of this is silly and baroque. Still, so much fun!<br /><br />The very first record in this volume? The largest object lifted by helium balloons (in this case, a house). The last? The most layered bed-of nails sandwich (difficult to explain, but a little different!).<br /><br />In between are myriad records, many of which are of little moment (such as most wins of the mashed potato wrestling championships). Others: Greatest distance pushing a mini scooter; Most times climbing to Mount Everest's summit; First wedding conducted by a robot; Busiest railroad station; Most expensive bridge; Longest running children's magazine; Longest serving TV host; Most wins in a WNBA season.<br /><br />So, are you interested in world records of a particular sort? Then this book will be enjoyable reading for you.
B0034G4P80|4.0|This movie would probably be a 3 star movie if it didn't have Chris Hemsworth in it.  He is definitely a joy to watch.  I'm smitten.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Please give us the original versions of Episodes IV-VI. The new stuff and the edited stuff is SO bad. Star Wars is practically dead to me now.
B0053JJLLC|3.0|If you like Crichton's style - lots of interesting ideas and technology punctuated by little lectures every so often - you'll like this book. The characters aren't very well developed, but then most Crichton characters are really there to lecture us on the points of his story. The co-author appears to have done an excellent job in completing this work. I never felt like I could identify when MC was writing and when Richard Preston was writing; it feels like the work of one author. The idea behind the novel is interesting and to me seemed much like a \\"micro\\" version of Jurassic Park.
B004HO6I4M|4.0|Such a fun movie!  I love that it shows that you when you get out of your comfort zone great things can happen!
B004XDYJRU|4.0|For listening to XM, this beats the XM app.  The XM apps cuts out &amp; loses connection too often.  Plus I get most local and some back east FM stations.  The rec feature is very helpful.  No complaints.
B002VECM6S|5.0|This is such a great story about giving someone hope.  Amazing!  Teaches people how you can changes other peoples lives.
8862937148|5.0|This Moleskine is fab for those who want convenience, and the item is small and does not weigh on the stock
B001HN6922|5.0|I am a mom of a 3 year old and I loved it more then the first.  Which I really liked the first!
B000Y7U98C|5.0|This is my all time favorite movie. Yes it is sad but it is a masterpiece. And the music adds to the sensation. I could watch this movie over and over again if I had the chance. My brother introduced it to me when it first came out and since then I have been recommending it to all my friends.
B000ANVQ0K|5.0|Great for any titanic enthusiast. Extended scenes as well as how the ship was made for the movie are great! The alternate ending... Not so great. :)
B002WY65VU|5.0|I still can't believe they killed BILL MURRAY!!!! hahaha Funniest movie ever. This is the only Zombie movie I will ever watch
B00000J2PH|5.0|One of the great albums of the 1970s.  From It's Too Late to So Far Away, each song is right on target, passing the test of time.
B00066FED6|1.0|Anyone and everyone who was in any way responsible for the music used in this movie should be in jail.
B002BU0DPE|2.0|Not even a month after purchasing, my left ear piece started losing audio. I didn't even use them that much, and took very good care of them. They didn't start losing quality from mis-use. All I can say is they probably used crappy wiring because the audio returns sometimes when you wiggle the cable around.
B001AGXEA6|5.0|I live in Brazil and I could not find the movie ara sell here, I contacted all distributors and could not find the movie on DVD. I decided to look into the amazon and found on Blu-Ray. I was very happy with the purchase and now I can only enjoy.
B000093BDX|4.0|Thank goodness the c.d. wasn't hurt, I had to throw the case away as it was badly cracked and falling all apart.
B0050CJNJ2|5.0|This band is great. Love their music and would recommend it to every one. Thanks for a great cd I appreciate it
0517548232|3.0|This book is most definitely an interesting read; however, I bought it with the purpose of helping me in a Microeconomics class. This book isn't about teaching you basic economics. It's more of an opinion piece. So buyer beware - if you're looking for an educational, informational, technical book about economics, this one won't fit the bill.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Its Adele need I say more?Love her music and her voice. SHe is def. one of my favorite artists. Thanks
B004IK30QE|1.0|I ordered this version because in Amazon it specifies that it has English and Spanish subtitles. Wrong. I had to open it since it only specified English subtitles in the dvd package, and correct, it doesn´t have them in Spanish. Now I can´t return it since it's open. I needed it that way for my 70 years old uncle, he wanted it for Christmas. I have to look for it again, pay more, and maybe order more dvds to get free shipping.[[ASIN:B004IK30QE Roman Holiday]]
B0002XMKYE|5.0|best war movie on WW2 Patton tells it as it is and pulls no punches on his way to victory despite his own career aspirations
B000AYEL6U|5.0|This is probably one of my favorite BBC miniseries! What is even better is that it was shipped on time and it is reasonably priced. I couldn't be happier!
B000A2WDEO|5.0|The package came sooner than I expected,Brand new packaging, its a Christmas gift for my husband I am sure he will love it! thank you!
0061537969|4.0|The fresh perspective from the point of view from a dog gives this cleverly-written story an immediate emotional attachment that builds through the entire story. It's refreshing to root for a dog in an adult story about love, loss, and being human. While the car racing elements and the fact that it's narrated by a dog might drive away from the narrative, Stein's simple language and engaging insight (from the mind of Enzo) make the story completely relateable to the point where the reader almost forgets who tells the story---it becomes natural---but Stein reminds us with Enzo throughout the book, furthering affection for him. It's also interesting to think about. What do dogs think? Do they really process anything? Enzo truly shows the compassion and importance a pet can have in a human's life in his attachment and friendship with Denny. Enzo is there when Denny needs someone most without fail. And it really makes a difference to know that the dog truly loves his master unconditionally, because it makes us believe that a dog is the best companion even more. The Art of Racing in the Rain is an excellent example of modern fiction that is quite an emotional, but beautiful and life-changing journey.
B005FLX2WC|5.0|This cd is very good.  Joe Bonamassa, as always, plays a mean guitar.  Beth has an amazing voice.  If you like the blues, order it!
0670022411|5.0|To be fair, yes this book is very similar to the Twilight Series, (read Bella and Edward as thirty something characters)  That being said, I knew when reading this, that this book was expected to be the first in a series of books.  Looking at it from that perspective, it was a building and introductory book.  I loved it.  It was a quick read.  I enjoyed the history.  It was entertaining and kept me involved.  It is long, but I didn't mind it.  My guess is that the second book will build and be more of a \\"story\\" which is what many of the other reviews did not like.  I would highly recommend this book, even amongst the mixed reviews, to read as an easy read for entertainment purposes, especially if you like the Twilight Saga.
B000AGTPUU|5.0|This is the classic Christmas movie. My son is 3 years old and loved watching it. He's is all excited about Christmas now and makes the train noise randomly through out the day.
1451627289|5.0|I was extremely happy at the speed in which I received my order!!  And what a reasonable price for a brand new, just released book!
1569242739|4.0|just got book, haven't tried any recipes yet, but as a visual person there are not enough pictures for me... so its hard to decide which ones to try based on pics....
B00007GZQZ|1.0|The case was still wrapped in plastic, however there was no DVD inside the case.  Don't know that I will order movies from here again.
B002PEP4SC|3.0|As a fan of the show Castle, I've been curious about the books that Richard Castle \\"wrote\\". Since the Kindle version was a free loan for Prime members, I decided to give it a try.<br /><br />I won't rehash the plot as other reviewers have already done that. I enjoyed the book for the most part, but there were disappointments. First, I don't think the characters in the books are supposed to be the characters in the tv show. Any author, including a fictional author, would not make his characters exactly like the people they're based on. Yet the characters in Heat Wave were the \\"real\\" people put in the pages of a book. Second, there are no physical descriptions of the 4 main characters, the ones based on Castle, Beckett, Ryan and Esposito (and actually even Lanie). I suppose this is because ABC wants you to picture the actors and not come up with your own idea of what they look like. If that's the case, then the book isn't for anyone who doesn't watch the show.<br /><br />I did enjoy it and I might read the others if my library has them, but only because I like the show. I do wish it could stand on its own though.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Nice game with enough options to make it a challenge for this casual user.  I recommend it for anyone who likes this sort of diversion.  I'm far from an &quot;expert&quot;. You will have to look to others for that sort of evaluation.
044654759X|5.0|Got this book right away for a good price and in perfect condition. I don't like writing long reviews, either.
B005TPCQ5I|4.0|ONE DAY is a gentle surprise of a film.  Though the premise of a 20 year friendship turning into love is not a new one, the finesse the two main actors bring to this story makes it work like a fresh peach.  Based on a novel by David Nicholls (who also write the screenplay) and directed with a fine sense of momentum by Lone Schering, this is a little romance with several rhapsodic and clever twists that tosses in a bit of historical interest just to keep things rolling.<br /><br />In a British weather lore proverb it is stated that if it rains on St. Swithin's  day July 15th there will be rain for 40 days. In ONE DAY (we visit St. Swithin's day for 20 years) Dexter (Jim Sturgess) and Emma (Anne Hathaway) formally meet on July 15, 1986 as they graduate from college: each has big dreams for the future, and quite by accident they spend the night together - in a rather platonic way.  They part ways as friends and as the years go by they both find themselves in jobs not quite up to their dreams: Emma waitresses at a TexMex grill while Dexter ends up in a tacky position as a front man for a low class television show.  Dexter is a ladies man and has multiple partners while Emma is more reserved and only attaches to one - Ian (Rafe Spall) - who is a boring standup comedian, but is available.  Dexter's girls tend toward the glamorous, including Suki (Georgia King) and Sylvie (Romola Garai) with whom he has a child, only to discover that Sylvie's taste in romance matches Dexter's Lothario role.  Every year on July 15th Emma and Dexter meet, finally realizing that they are in love.  Circumstances intervene to this perfect love story and the ending is unexpectedly touching.<br /><br />There are some fine cameo roles in the film, especially Patricia Clarkson and Ken Stott as Dexter's parents.  One fascinating aspect of the film is watching the styles in hair and clothes change over the 20 years as well as the introduction of all the accoutrements of today. Times have changed as much as Emma and Dexter have changed, and that makes the film work even better.  Hathaway and Sturgess are superb, creating tow credible characters about whom we can care.  Grady Harp, December 11er have changed, and that makes the film work even better.  Hathaway and Sturgess are superb, creating tow credible characters about whom we can care.  Grady Harp, December 11
0316056863|5.0|Be prepared to laugh out loud. Several times per page. This is the funniest memoir I've read in years. Get this book!
014305841X|4.0|Reading this book is kind of humbling. Industrial agriculture produces plentiful calories, given its inputs of fossil fuels, water, soil, weed killers, patented seeds and sun. It makes possible the world we got used to and on balance like. It presents easy, unhealthy choices as well. Yet there's no going back to where farming was 200 years ago. Looks like we'd do better to eat less meat and change how our meat is produced.
B004AFFZNI|5.0|This housing should be sold as the Hero Dash Cam product.  Bought the Hero for scuba but have been using it on my windshield for any trip I make.  Next time some yahoo runs a red light and says the accident was my fault . . . surprise!  With a 32G card it holds about 7 hours of video, and now that I can wire it into the car with this housing, don't have to deal with battery time.  Erase the card, drive, erase the card, drive . . . And could be useful next time an officer pulls me over and says something impolite.  Surprise!  Great audio with this housing also.  Don't know why all of the GoPro non-waterproof housings don't have the cable openings.  Duh?
B001UV4XIS|5.0|Always loved the Harry Potter series of films. This is just a great addition to the collection. Great DVD to own.
B00632HWOG|3.0|For some reason you have to hold the Kindle Fire in landscape mode in order to download emails.  No idea why.
B0050I2PQE|5.0|A very interesting review of what the life behind the scenes was during the MK IV era. Very impressive interviews with Jon Lord and Glenn Hughes and incredible stories revealed. For all Tommy Bolin's fan nice live takes of him playing.  I'm personally very impressed.
B0055SWM08|4.0|Edit 12/27/11...(original review in last paragraph)  I've just received my replacement kindle and this game appears to be working properly now.  I had issues with a few other games having icons or dialog boxes that flickered and had isolated screen issues.  Plus, graphic novels would not display on my unit at all.  So Amazon sent me a replacement unit.  So if you're having similar issues (download a sample from a graphic novel to try it out), consider that you might have a defective device.  Apparently that was my problem all along.  Now, the game is playing wonderfully and it's very enjoyable.  The music is quite relaxing and the puzzles are just the right difficulty. I'm upping my review to 4 stars.  -------------original review---------  At the moment, this game is unplayable on my Kindle Fire.  There's some pixel flickering or artifacting going on.  It's like some strange screen refresh every second that makes some pixels or a group of pixels flicker or have a bright \\"pop\\" of color.  I've set it a side until the developer fixes the bug.  If they get that fixed, I could see that the game could be lots of fun.  But as it is now, it's unplayable.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Star Wars on blu-ray is one of the best things for Lucas to come out with in the 21st century. He did a great job restoring the original trilogy. The best part of the box set I think is the bonus features. That is, three discs of bonus content, ranging from documentaries and never before seen footage on the first two including several deleted scenes that not that many people have seen. The other disc is just Star Wars fan-made content, with an hour and a half worth of fan-made and pop culture references to Star Wars. The only drawback to all of this excitement is that Lucas did not release the original \\"A New Hope\\", \\"Empire Strikes Back\\", and \\"Return of the Jedi\\" as bonus features, so diehard fans like myself will not have the privilege to see Han shooting first. I guess those will just have to sit in a secret vault at Skywalker Ranch for another twenty years or so until the next best way to view movies comes out. One good thing that Lucas did change in the newer trilogy was in \\"The Phantom Menace\\" and what he did was that he changed Yoda from that creepy puppet, to CGI to make him seem more lifelike and not creepy. Overall, this is a must buy for Star Wars fans all over, it is a great way to get into the series and introduce it to your children, but just make sure to tell them who shot first.
B004LWZW7Y|5.0|Saw this movie, and must have it for my collection.  This is one of the best animnated films I have seen in a long time that appeals to all ages.  Loved it!  Doesn't matter your age, it's a must to see.
B000J103PC|5.0|This is a favorite film, loved the acting and the rhythm of the piece...Meryl Streep does a great job as a Anna Wintour type.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|The review by the Veteran on the first review page is right on.  This ending made sense.  It is a book about war.  Collins is consistantly writing well and on task.  i enjoyed all three books.
B002QQ8HAG|5.0|What an amazing dvd...a great look into the fashion industry. Anna Wintour is quite an artist in her selection of photos...
B003K1EYM6|5.0|Product was exactly what was stated in the add, works great and was in brand new condition. Would recommend to my friends.
B003VS0CXS|5.0|The first thing that came out of my mind when I saw the blu ray version of this movie was: How in the world have they manage to make a video transfer so perfect? I mean the movie was released in 1968 nearly 45 years ago and the video transfer looks better than many of the blu rays movies from today. Amazing!. They must have used the best photography filming at that time or they really wanted to show the public a great video quality transfer. Aside from the language used and the actors of that time you may believe this movie was recorded just a few years back. I truly recommend the blu ray version of this heart warming classic. a 5 stars plus, you won't be disappointed. The story as you know, is too long though.
B005D9MUWY|4.0|Great virtual keyboard. The text prediction is very accurate and fast. I like the Punkin theme but wish there were a few more options. Highly recommend as a replacement keyboard.
B003Y5H4Y8|4.0|Remakes are most often disappointing. This remake of an Israeli movie is not outright bad. It has a good basic plot: three Mossad agents are sent into East Berlin in 1965 with the mission to kidnap a Nazi criminal who has been discovered hiding as a medical practitioner. The job doesnt go as planned, which adds to the substantial suspense, as does the tension between the 3 members of the team. The girl wants one of the men, but she gets the other. I shouldnt disclose the twist of the plot here, only so much: the continuation of the story 30 years later with Helen Mirren playing Jessica Chastain's later edition doesn't quite convince, which is due to no fault of Mirren's. None of the 3 actors playing the older version of the young trio is a convincing impersonation of his/her younger self. While that should not rationally be a problem, it does disturb and requires too much credulity.
B0034G4P80|4.0|I had low expectations for this film, but it wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be. It still had moments that were awful such as Natalie Portman's gal pal who is there for comic relief which means demeaning Thor in funny ways. Thankfully, the gal pal is negligible in the film. The film is pretty decent. Agent Coulson and Jeremy Renner's character were bonuses in the film.
0446547654|5.0|This is a Christmas Gift, and I give it a \\"5\\" before even reading it, as Nicholas Sparks has never disappointed me. Should be a good read. I'll check back after Christmas! Happy Holidays!
B0061JPYX2|5.0|I had loved Amy Winehouse for years now and of course was shocked and saddened by her untimely death. Immediately when Amazon advertised this album, I knew I had to have it. There are many nice and kind words from close family and friends included in the pamphlet inside and well simply the music is amazing....as it always was with her. If you think about it, it is technically her last REAL album and something to have and treasure, especially if you've loved her music.
B004FPZ2LI|3.0|Since enough people have reviewed the novel's plot itself, I'm writing instead about the formatting of this particular (Kindle) version of the book. I liked the illustrations, though they came only at the beginning of each chapter. There definitely could have been more. As to this version's formatting, it was pretty bad. Line's were frequently unintentionally cut off, making the dialogue difficult to read. Also, as a stickler for grammar, I was frustrated with the mistakes in the book, which I believe are due to the publisher's mistakes (I've read other versions and have never noticed it). For example, words are misspelled and punctuation is missing - very annoying. I realize this version only cost me 99 cents, but I was still aggravated while reading.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|If you are a really die hard fan of Harry Potter, then this will probably won't be for you. But for someone who really likes the movies series, then this is the right choice to buy. All eight movies are in here, and every CD contains some extra special features. I really don't have anything bad to say about this product. It's really cheap if you think about it. If you want to own all the Harry Potter movies, then this is the opportunity to do so. There is no better offer than this.
B00008BXJ6|5.0|I'm a big fan of ACDC and this was my first time listening to this Album all the way through.  The sound is classic ACDC as this was their first American album.  My favorite is \\"It's A Long Way To The Top (If You Wanna Rock 'N' Roll).\\"  The use of bagpipes in this track just blows me away.  Bon Scott was awesome and I wish Brian Johnson could play the bagpipes so they could do this song.
0765348276|5.0|As I get older, I appreciate more an more seeing older characters in film and literature. So Old Man's War, where the old effectively are the saviors of humanity, is right up my street. Plus it also panders to that notion of \\"going back and having your life over again\\" which anyone who has started to feel the onset of too many years will relate to!  In style, Old Man's War reminds me of Starship Troopers, The Forever War and a whole bunch of other \\"War in space\\" novels of yesteryear. I see that some people have claimed this is slavish plagiarism, but really? I mean, how many original stories are there out there for writers to imagine? Haven't all the concepts been done to death by now? So rather than plagiarism, I prefer to view this as an affectionate homage to those earlier works. It certainly took me back to those days, anyway.  Too often these days scifi writers seem to want to want to be terribly clever about their vision of the future. Some of them can carry that off, some can't. It's refreshing to read a scifi novel that you immediately feel comfortable with. A novel that doesn't have you scratching your head wondering what the author meant. A novel that is immediately accessible and engaging.   That's what Old Man's War is. Familiar, comfortable, enjoyable.  It's a space warfare tale with plenty of action, plenty of humor and a lot of heart.
0321701763|5.0|I am going through lessons and getting so much out of it. I like having a hard copy to flip through for referencing. You build on each lesson as you go deeper into the course. I have had CS4 since it came out as my first time using any photoshop product. I took a course  but quickly forgot lessons after not using program. Reference materials were not familiar because teacher rushed through exercises orally and we did not study books. This is a great course. Thanks!
0525948023|5.0|A must-read for every Human(form) Being(formless)... Some people receive gifts i.e. \\"seeing and experiences entities, being prophets, etc.\\" and most people awaken from suffering (the human condition.)<br /><br />I was given this book years ago, and picked it up at the right time in my life to finally start reading it. Start from the beginning, or open it up randomly and open your mind to the information that isn't new. These aren't new thoughts, they are facts of what is already in your existence.<br /><br />Watching the Tolle classes for A New Earth on Oprah.com (search Tolle) and watch and pay conscious attention to how each lesson (90mins long per class) is applied and can be applied to specific experiences happening in your life. To listen and read is useless unless you are making the conscious effort to practice.<br /><br />If you're new to awakening and practicing consciousness, it will feel tiring at first, but it get easier and easier...
B000ZBUY78|4.0|Watch is nice, I liked it, but I did not understand at first I have to wear it all the time to charge (the battery) I think.That's a bit inconvenient. Overall it is a good Seiko watch.
B0000041DF|5.0|Marvelous!  Exquisite!  Interpretation is just right on!  Clarity of form and had to have been in performance at the time of the recording with a Bosendorpher!
B0040JHLM2|5.0|Had a pair of GTS 8 shoes because of the occasional shin splints from running and wore them out after two years, so I got these. They're a pretty good replacement for a pretty good shoe, and they're holding up pretty well.  Was hoping to get them at a discount, but I just went ahead and bought them b/c my other pair of shoes was running thin. Guess there's more than enough demand for them to not go on sale :<
B0066W1AZK|5.0|This is a very satisfactory chess game for my Kindle Fire.  I would like to see the pieces that have been removed lined up on the sides of the board. Also. it would be nice if the moves made were animated a little more slowly. If I blink. I miss what my opponent's last move was
0805091742|5.0|It's simply a great book about a great idea, keep it simple an straight to the point... Why waste time with useless words, a simple list can save more than thousands of words.. Doctors, keep silent, do your jobs, use a checklist, save life.. This is your job.
B004R739LE|3.0|In terms of build quality, this meets the high standard I've come to expect from my previous LowePro products. However, as a camera bag, I feel that the FastPack 200 (which I own as well) is far superior.  The FastPack 200 has about the same storage space as this one - I had expected this DayPack to be smaller. However, the FastPack allows quick access to the camera in a way similar to a sling bag - slide one strap off, swivel the bag to the front, unzip, and take out / replace the camera.  The top is one large open compartment with a mesh bag to one side. Unzipped, the part the back of the bag - the part that is in contact with your back when you're carrying it - folds down. That compartment is slightly larger than the one on the FastPack 200, and the mesh bag makes it more useful for general stuff, compared to the small individual pockets on the FastPack.  The bottom compartment is smaller and, in my opinion, not as useful as the FastPack. If you place a DSLR as shown in the photo, there's a fair bit of wasted space around the lens, and forget about having largish lenses in there. I cannot put a Canon 50D with a 24-105mm with its back facing up - it needs to go in horizontally, and after that there's not much space for other lenses.  It would work for a smaller lens, or smaller camera systems. But the difficulty in removing the camera is still a major disadvantage in my books. If it is hard to remove the camera, you probably will not use the camera. If you are not using the camera, why bring it along?  Perhaps there is some use scenario that this would be ideal for, but my personal preference is for the FastPack 200 by the same manufacturer. So, I'd rate it 5 stars for build quality, 3 stars for design and usability as a camera bag.
B00000K0DQ|5.0|Good movie. Love it. Have been looking for it forever an was happy to fine it on here. This was my mamaws fav movie when I was growing up
B005IZLPKQ|5.0|This movie came in on time and was in great condition! Thank you for your business and I will definitely recommend you in the future!
B000ICL3KG|1.0|This film is widely acknowledged to be chock full of major errors.  Some of the \\"scientist's\\" claims and \\"data\\" have proven to be completely false and made up.  The film was made with the intention of causing a global wealth transfer from capitalists to those that do not work.  It made Gore a rich man, so mission accomplished on that front.
B0045NXMJE|4.0|The purchase experience was smooth and simple. Nothing to report. I purchased this item as a gift.  It was new in package.  Thank you!
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|My 3 year old grandson showed me how to play this game and I'm hooked. its fun! Will def enjoy this over the holidays.
B00004W4UB|3.0|Not a bad movie; just not a very good one. This serving girl  centered version of the Jekyll and Hyde version just doesn't make it. When you have a tradition which includes Barrymore, March and Tracy, to mention only the best known of the genre, you have class acts to live up to: this one doesn't make out. Its a pallid reorientation from J&H to the maid servant and it just doesn't work very well. Much of the time, Julia Roberts, the maid servant does what no maid servant would do and doesn't do what most maid servants would do. Much of the time, also, she is made so unglamorous, that it is difficult to  understand just why both J & H fall for her. As to the lead role, little horror, little disgust and fear, are generated by the quite unmonsterlike Hyde.  All-in- all, a decent but not enticing film.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|The app is very simple to us and very easy to adjust the difficulty level when playing against the computer.  For a free app it is a good game
B004H4XI5O|5.0|I loved this book. It's trying my favorite type - memoir with some good old educational research thrown in for fun.<br /><br />Josh Foer is a reporter. One year he was asked to cover the U.S. Memory Championship, and became facinated with memory training. After hobnobbing with other \\"Memory Athletes\\", he decides to train for the US Championships.<br /><br />This is Josh's story, but it is also the history of memory use. Did you every think about ancient times predating paper and pen and computer and cell phone? People were required to use their memories and trained themselves to make mental lists, memorize literature and keep track of their day to days. There were few external memory techniques, so people needed good internal memory just for pure survival. Foer's charts some of the history - and notes the current techniques vs. ancient ones.<br /><br />In his year of training, Foer also researches and interviews many memory subjects - those who have trained their memory, and those seemingly gifted with an abundant memory. He provides lots of interesting antidotes on these people and meetings and shares how he incorporates certain things into his training techniques.<br /><br />Very good story, and a lot to learn here about what we can do with our minds. Highly recommend, especially if you are a Memoir Geek like me!
1439153663|3.0|Started out good. I was intrigued with the unusual twist of a slave novel: young Irish girl is indentured to a a slave owning family and ends up living with the slaves, thinking their her family.  Admittedly, this tested my ability to suspend disbelief--how could the girl, Lavinia, be quite so clueless? But her life was very disrupted, her whole family ripped from her, that perhaps she was in a kind of fugue. . . Anyway, she develops strong relationships with her slave family, Mama, papa, Belle (the master's daughter and supposed mistress), Frannie and Beattie, the twins who are her age. But she also develops a good relationship with Martha, the mistress of the house who is slowly going mad and often believes Lavinia is her dead sister.   To add a sinister air to the plot, the overseer is a truly horrible person and he and Marshall, the master's son, become fast friends. When the Master finally figures out how bad the overseer is (the master is also clueless and it takes him a really long time), he sends him away, sends Marshall to Williamsburg to get educated, and hires a new overseer. Enter Will, Lavinia's love interest.  The first half of the novel chronicles Lavinia's development until the Master dies and Martha's family comes to take Martha to an insane asylum. They take Lavinia with them because they feel that when Martha gets out she will want Lavinia with her (and, besides, what's this white girl doing with the slaves, they wonder).  Total life turnaround for Lavinia who becomes a Southern young lady, a very obedient Southern Young Lady. All of this I enjoyed. Lavinia lives with her intriguing cousin, a young lady botanist and the novel seems to be heading towards a good love story/coming into herself story.   The novel, for me, falls apart when Lavinia marries Marshall, the son of her original Master. Marshall, the reader knows is a real jerk, abusive and rapist. But Lavinia who continues to be clueless and naive has no idea (gets harder and hard to suspenddisbelief at this point).  Lavinia returns and wants everything to go back to its old ways--and so begins a series of increasingly unrealistic disasters.  What made the last part of the novel irritating and unsatisfying to me was that it made Lavinia seem so wimpy and helpless.  Even her slave family remarks on her inability to act or do anything; and her selfishness leads to some real problems.  And, this helplessness only increases as the novel progresses until at the end, half the characters in the book seem to be screaming, running around and crying.  The novel is told predominantly from Lavinia's perspective, although occasional, short chapters are told from Belle's perspective. Many of the characters are one dimensional and we don't really get to know who they are (mostly the slaves, but Marshall as well). We do get some perspective on their actions from other things that happen to them, but they still didn't feel fully developed to me.
B004KA9MQO|3.0|I like some of the songs and other was just ok. I enjoyed the last cd much better. The cover I didn't like much, but in spite of the girl can sing.
B001CTDH4Y|5.0|I loved this movie! The actors were phenomenal, the chihuahuas simply adorable, and it had a great storyline! Perfect for all ages!
B001AQTWF2|5.0|I really enjoyed I look to you. I enjoyed listening to each and any song in this cd. This was a GREAT WElCOME BACK Whitney.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Solid app.  I like the fact that it doesn't let you win all the time. Need five more words to submit.
0887309372|5.0|Awesome book. Great practical advice. I'd recommend this for anyone looking to brand a company, nonprofit, campaign, initiative, etc. Definitely worth the quick read.
B006DJ2JSI|5.0|I like this a lot because unlike the other dictionary apps, you don't need to be connected to Internet to actually use this app. It's perfect!  (kindle fire)
B003MZ0I84|2.0|I purchased the \\"Deluxe\\" version but honestly I am disappointed.  The number one hit \\"Moves Like Jagger\\" is missing from this CD.  I should have paid closer attention before purchasing.  So much for paying more money, I should have just purchased the cheaper version, the only extras you get is live versions of songs from previous albums.  SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!
B005OCFHHK|4.0|I was disappointed that Warner Brothers gave US consumers no extra content while charging them more $$$ than overseas buyers. (Same with only Ultraviolet offered in USA versus regular digital downloads for overseas buyers).<br /><br />After doing research I decided to ordered my 8 Film Blu-Ray from the UK and paid $48 (versus $79.99 in USA). I received 8 Blu-Ray discs plus 3 Blu-Ray extra content discs for the last three movies. The packaging was solid with the 8 movies + 3 extra content discs divided into 4 Blue Plastic cases. The box cover shows 3 images of Harry at different ages. I had to wait a little longer and only received my package on 12/12/11 but based on value and extra content it was well worth the wait.<br /><br />I have not watched the movies yet so will update my review after I've done that.<br /><br />UPDATE 4/24/12<br />I have watched most of the movies in the set as well as the extras. Very pleased with the quality. Some parts of the film that looked really dark, like the beginning of the first Harry Potter movie, look so much clearer and crisper on Blu-Ray. I did not have any issues with the Blu-Ray disks that some reviewers in the UK had reported on Amazon's UK website.
1451627289|5.0|This is classic Stephen King :-) Takes hold of you early on and doesn't let go all the way to then end.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|I purchased this book because I stumbled across the trailer for the movie and I found the trailer to be interesting. Of course, movies never capture the true essence of any book so I ran out and bought a copy (since I have not received a Kindle yet - it is on my Christmas wish list). As an adult, I found this book to be a quick read. I read it 3 evenings. I imagine I would have read it in a single day if I had the time to commit to sitting so long because I truly enjoyed the story and found it to be one of those books that was difficult to put down. It is well written and while the story involves the killing of multiple teenagers, it was written in such a way that you don't hate the main character for killing another child. I am reading book 2 at the moment and hope to start book 3 by the weekend.
B001UV4XIS|5.0|The world of Harry Potter is a great escape for all ages ; a conflict between good and evil ,and good wins! Lessons of getting along with others ,forging respect and trust ,and of course the eyeopening special effects with surprises that challenge the mind ,all add to the continuity of watching the actors grow up in each of the films... A classic treasure to be savored.
B0025UHKNS|4.0|It does a lot of stuff which is good but makes it complicated.  It has a bit too many options so it makes navigating through the menus a pain.  You really can not operate it right out of the box.  I suggest plugging in the charger and reading the full online manual to figure out how to do what you want.  The directions are very clear and easy and once you have the initial set up done it is no problem to use.  I like that it has a heart rate monitor and is compatable with a foot pad.  I use it for exercise at the gym, treadmill mostly,  the calorie count is dependent on your HR so it seems to be better for keeping track if you are trying to lose wieght.  Only big issue is the watch is so big and bulky especially if you are a woman, but not really noticable while you are working out. The touch bevel is somwhat annoying because it can be triggered by your clothes touching it.  Problem is easily solved by locking the bevel.<br /><br />Cons: Complicated menu, big and bulky, overly sensitive touch bevel.<br />Pros: Lots of options, does pretty much everything.
B005OCFHHK|5.0|I've read the books but never saw a complete movie before buying this set. My wife and I are watching 2 movies a weekend. We've gone through the first 4 so far. Fabulous. Watching this on a 54\\" plasma in a dark room with a great sound system makes you believe you're at the movie theater, without all the hassle. My cat even noticed the multitude of birds in the 3rd movie, along with the footsteps on the map! Well worth the price. I feel the movies represent the books very well so far.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|I love playing mahjong games, so as soon as I got my new tablet I downloaded a few games only to find they were so small I had trouble seeing them, muchless pointing to the pieces.  I just didn't even want to play them. When I got Mahjong Artifacts I was very surprised and pleased to find the pieces large enough to see and touch with my fingers.  The game is also very good and I have enjoyed playing it.  Thank You G5 Entertainment! --KHK
B0000AUHPB|5.0|This movie is very intertaining. Michael Caine does a fabulous job here. Those minis can go anywhere! I'm glad they kept the deleted scene out of the final cut, I think it would have made the film rediculous. It's fine as an extra. It's good to watch this film and the the newer version back to back.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|I'd like a complete substitute for OneNote, and this isn't it, but it does a lot. I like synchronizing across platforms, especially.
B001DPHDCY|5.0|This product was purchased as a gift for my young son.  It arrived ahead of it's scheduled time and was in perfect condition.  I am 100% satisfied with this purchase.
B001UV4XIS|5.0|She has done it again !!! It's sad that it's over, but one could extend it to include the kids afterward. A very enjoyable movie, highly reccommended.
B002ZG977Y|3.0|If I could give this 3 1/2 stars I would. But there is no 1/2 stars for rating so I gave it a three.  I feel that is a fair judgement.  I really enjoyed the special effects of when the scorpions attack, when Perseus and the other soldiers go into Medussa's temple, and the ride across the river Styx and Charon the ferryman, well I like this version of him.  Now for the story...Great potential that falls short.  The lead actors and actresses do a great job with the script that was given.  From Liam Neeson(Zeus) to Sam Worthington (Perseus) whois helpless to save his family from Hades (Ralph Fiennes), god of the underworld to Gemma Arterton (IO) the woman who watches, not a complaint on the acting.  The script however runs the basic same old story.  I don't like the special effects of the Krakon.  The movie thought that the more the monster the better.  Not in this case.  This isn't a bad movie to watch on a cloudy and rainy day.
B0009P66TK|3.0|I really like the Lefty chronographs for their design.  But can someone explain to me why so many of the designs look identical but only to defer in model numbers and also prices?  I know some has a slightly different numericals but aside from that, they are identical by looking at the pictures!  It is just like Luminox as well, they come out with so many fancy names, Navy Seals, Special Ops, F16, but many look almost exactly the same.  It is simply an excuse to come out with a new model, not really a new design.  Also, how can something that supposedly retailed for over $500 be sold for $120?  If you wear a watch for distinction, I don't think this qualifies.
B005IZLPME|5.0|This is a stocking stuffer and came in a great time. We dont have many 3d movies so this one will be a big hit! I know we will be watching this on christmas day.
B000002IRL|5.0|this is a masterpiece by all the meaning for the world, 1st you have to ask your self how many albums from the early 90s are still killers and didnt lose their power .. not many the same will be said about half the albums that we have now .. i remember that back then and as someone like me from the middle east its hard to find metal albums on cassette - do anyone still remember these cassettes?!? - the 1st song that i ever heard was the slow song on a slow mix tape from wea this is the label that we have back then for every metal album that comes out and gets a release this side of the world. back to this album .. this is the album that made overkill succeed in keeping the true metal fans when the stooped genres came in . once i was told that this is a bank that every album nothing more then heavy and loud guitars \m/ now i have this to reply to that brainwashed pop follower .. we stand by our fav metal bands cause what we look for in metal bands are killer riffs which this albums full of and killer vocals \m/ one of the best vocals ever
B005URRCUY|4.0|Let's get one thing out of the way.  If you are waiting on The Black Keys to make another \\"Thickfreakness\\" or \\"Rubber Factory\\", I got news for you: It ain't gonna happen.  It's hard for me to say that because those are my two favorite Black Keys albums.  I miss the rawness and the \\"medium-fidelity\\" sound of their first four albums, and don't find myself getting into their latest stuff as much.  Having said that, I do really like this album.  It seems like a mix of Dan's solo album \\"Keep It Hid\\" and the Keys' \\"Brothers\\", to me.  They seem to be going in more of a soul/r&b direction, as of late, especially on \\"Brothers\\".  Don't get me wrong, these guys can still rock, but it seems to be a little more laid back and controlled, now.  I think a lot of it has to do with production.  They're not recording in basements and abandoned tire factories, anymore.  They're actually recording in studios, and with other producers.  Another factor is that neither Dan nor Patrick live in Akron anymore.  Different environments can shape your songwriting, not to mention your mood.  Dan lives in Nashville and Patrick in NYC.  Not sure about NYC, but as far as Nashville, it's got to be a happier place than just about anywhere in Ohio.  Believe me, I know.....I live in Ohio.  The songs on this album are pretty solid, though.  I especially like \\"Lonely Boy\\" and \\"Gold on the Ceiling\\".  You can't fault these guys for progressing and trying to grow as musicians.  I think they're still doing a great job, even if it does sound a little less raw than their earlier material.
B00003CXB4|5.0|Great purchase for my 4 year old nephew.  He loves movies with singing and good songs and I know that I used to love Timon and Pumba.....PERFECT!
B00000E5IG|4.0|I hadn't listened to this album in many years and was pleasantly surprised. Usually things aren't as good as you remember them, this was actually better!  There are a couple of clunkers but the quality of the remaining tunes more than makes up for them.<br /><br />I chose to buy this older CD edition over the mid-90s remastered version because this one actually preserves the dynamics (soft-to-loud ratio) of  the original recordings.  With some songs it doesn't matter as much but Elton John made great use of the slow-build in his 70s stuff which suffers in the later, more compressed remasters.<br />I've compared the versions and songs like 'Better Off Dead', 'Someone Saved My Life Tonight'  (plus 'Ticking' from Caribou) are WAAAAYYY more effective here than they are in the louder more-processed remasters.  You have to crank the volume knob up a little more on this edition but it's well worth it!<br />.
0553062182|5.0|I love this book and I am glad that I bought it! This book is jam packed with very useful information on Highly Sensitive People! Highly Recommended!
B001P9EQH8|5.0|Great product! I bought this in 2009 and it still works great! I initially bought it to power my passive mini-speakers, but now I also use them for my headphones! A great product that I highly recommend!
0743277708|5.0|I first read this novel when I was in the fifth grade.  I was immediately sucked into the world of Hazel, Bigwig and Fiver.  I was utterly enchanted by the story at the time and I have to admit General Woundwort scared me the first time I read this book (lol).  I've read this wonderful book every year since then and with each reading I find myself whisked away to the world of these amazing little rabbit-characters--an escape from the pressures of real life.  Each time I read it I take something new away.  I highly recommend this novel to anyone looking for something different than the usual horror, romance, supernatural thriller, or mystery.  I hope you enjoy! :)
B00081U7HC|5.0|This is a classic movie and awesome love story, so glad I finally got it!! Seriously, who doesn't love Pretty Woman?!
B005QI4TP8|3.0|As a male listener, this is just my opinion, but this album lost something for me that the last album (Lungs) had. Don't get me wrong, Im not some sexist rock and roll guy or something, I love some Kate Bush albums and Cardigans were my band back in the day and Nina is about as girlie as you can get. And I love She & Him right now and again that is not a macho duo by any means. But the first F+TM album surprised me (she hadn't hit big yet when I heard it), and 'my boy builds coffins' got me. I bought the album and it had some powerful almost indie rock hits, powerful drums, and something that just made it more listenable for my other male friends who might not be as open to an album like that usually. It didn't feel like a \\"girlie\\" album. Songs like 'kiss with a fist', and 'hurricane drunk', and 'drumming song' all were powerful enough musically that i could put them on any mix for any of my friends and they would like those songs. They could play on any radio station. It was just a good rockin album. She could play with the boys last time, now I think she slid into 'Diva' territory. It may sound sexist but its true, the last album had many songs that even my mainstream male friends would like. I listened to it while doing yard-work and it kept me in tempo. On the other hand Ceremonials starts off making me think the album was made for the Lilith Fair crowd. There are more masculine Tori Amos albums out there. I get hit with the feeling of Enya or something on some songs that I didn't on the first. Its still good, (3 stars is a buy in my book), but its not the 5 stars the first album was. No new ground was covered here that made me want to own this album as well as the first, I would never grab this one off the shelf instead of Lungs. It seems like it almost has more in common with Adele's album (which except for the hit i did not connect with either). I am baffled at people thinking this one is better than the last? Unless they like Adele's album better than Lungs, which i don't. Its very girly comparatively, and that's not a bad thing in general, but when the first one was so much more ground breaking, this one seems almost lazy or something? And although some songs eventually hit the rock and power of the last album ('seven devils', and 'leave my body' could be at home on the last album), I don't think any of the songs i like on this album are \\"better\\" than those on the last, and the amount of synthesizer strings, ethereal waiting time, ballad songs, etc overwhelms this one for me. Im not saying its too feminine to listen to, dont misread me, I guess if Lungs never existed this album would probably get 4 stars from me, its just she slid down into stereotypical female song writing from the first for me so I am disappointed. Male or female listener aside, i don't think this album has the rock power the last one did. I think if i saw her play both albums individually at concerts, watching the fist album would still be much more fun.which i don't. Its very girly comparatively, and that's not a bad thing in general, but when the first one was so much more ground breaking, this one seems almost lazy or something? And although some songs eventually hit the rock and power of the last album ('seven devils', and 'leave my body' could be at home on the last album), I don't think any of the songs i like on this album are \\"better\\" than those on the last, and the amount of synthesizer strings, ethereal waiting time, ballad songs, etc overwhelms this one for me. Im not saying its too feminine to listen to, dont misread me, I guess if Lungs never existed this album would probably get 4 stars from me, its just she slid down into stereotypical female song writing from the first for me so I am disappointed. Male or female listener aside, i don't think this album has the rock power the last one did. I think if i saw her play both albums individually at concerts, watching the fist album would still be much more fun.
B00117P0HE|3.0|Our heroine, Alice, has been touring the wasteland of post-zombie-plague America for some years when she discovers a tantalising clue about a plague-free enclave in Alaska. She meets up with her old associates LJ and Carlos, who have fallen in with a band of refugees, and they decide to head north...<br /><br />I really enjoyed the first two films and can watch them over and over without losing interest. However, by part three in the RE franchise, things are starting to wear thin. This film seems to have dropped any pretense at originality (OK, I know that RE1 and 2 were never exactly groundbreakers) and has simply gone for a \\"Mad-Max-with-undead\\" vibe. The whole deal unfolds with a depressing air of inevitability: cue zombie birds, post-apocalypse hillbilly-punk survivors (\\"Kin ah kill 'er Maw? Hyuk hyuk!\\"), evil scientists and game changing \\"psychic powers\\".<br /><br />None of this is much helped by some gaping holes in the plot (enough time has passed since the preceding film for the desert to cover Las Vegas almost entirely in sand, but Carlos hasn't changed out of his SWAT gear yet and Alice has access to an inexhaustible supply of lippy) and ridiculous directorial howlers (Q: How many zombies can you fit into an ISO container? A: Several hundred, apparently). Just to cap it all, Russell Mulcahy clearly got a new copy of PhotoShop to play with and he spent his evenings retouching the close shots of Milla's face, so now she looks a bit like a recent burns victim with a disturbingly mobile epidermis.<br /><br />There's not much else to say about it really. I simply can't get away from the idea that Paul W Anderson simply dusted off his Mad Max 2 screenplay and added zombies. As an hour and a half of mindless entertainment, it just about fits the bill, but it just looks too tired to bother with beyond that. I was going to give it a two star rating, but I added a third out of loyalty to the franchise.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use this app all the time for school and remembering thing's I need to. I cant belive this app is free.
B005I6EVUG|5.0|Fits just right. Didn't completely close the first day but turned it over on the other side for two nights and its fine now. Really loving this case for my kindle fire!
0060574216|5.0|I ordered two book for my fiance' & I. It's a great read, very informativ and enlighting. I would recommend this book for any new relationship or couple planning to get married....you WON'T be disappointed!!
B0051UP5NQ|3.0|The &quot;core&quot; functionality of this app is great, but it has problems working with online files. Of the three sites it works with, Google Docs is unfortunately the worst. I can't open spreadsheets or save documents. With Dropbox, it should be using oauth instead of asking for my username and password. I haven't seen any problems with box integration.
0061537969|4.0|As I sat in my plane seat on the flight home from Europe this summer the lady next to me, a teacher who was on the same trip as me, kept laughing at the book she was reading. I could tell she was thoroughly enjoying the book and when she caught me glacing at her every time she laughed she would tell me what was happening at that point. The book she was reading was called The Art of Racing in the Rain by Garth Stein and it was now on my list of books to read.   This book is the story of Enzo, a dog, and his family. Enzo believes that he is really the soul of a human trapped inside a dog's body and that when he dies he will come back in his second life as a man. The story begins late in Enzo's life and then takes the reader back to his life growing up with Denny, his soul mate and master; Eve, Denny's wife; and Zoe, their daughter. Different from most books, this one is told from the point of view of a dog and how the world is seen through his eyes. Although the story is sad you also find yourself laughing out loud as you encounter things only a dog could such as demon stuffed animals and evil crows.
B003Y5H4Y8|3.0|A good set-up and premise and better then the Israeli original film. As for the younger actors are better showcased then the older actor's portraying these characters. Seeing the methodology in the way the younger actors set-up in abducting and extracating this Nazi war criminal out of East Berlin is the best part of the film. Jessica Chastain is the best aspect to this film and has a creepy scene with the Nazi war criminal in his office. The only problem with the film was the older actors looked nothing like themselves with the younger actors. After the younger actors are no longer in the film the movie becomes extremely formulaic.
B0064LLCVU|3.0|The official web site for this movie listed the USA release date for purchase to own as 3/6/12 in their twitter feed. Amazon has been selling imported copies from Europe of the DVD, Blu-Ray and the Triple Pack. None of these were intended for the US market and may or may not play on the USA player. You can pre-order the USA version elsewhere if you look for it if you don't want to wait for Amazon. The movie is also available for rent on streaming video via Video On Demand from a few different outlets.
B005UKK4Y2|3.0|This movie was fun with some good laughs.  I wasn't expecting much and we had a good time watching it.  I'm glad I didn't watch this in the theaters though and just rented it from home.  But if you haven't seen it it's definitely worth the 4 dollars to watch with a group of friends.
0553801473|2.0|Major disappointment.  I suffered through book 4, thinking that book 5 would FINALLY resolve the story lines.  No luck!  Nothing is resolved.  You'll still have all the same questions in your mind that you had at the beginning of the book.  You'll just be caring a lot less if you ever find out.  Now I know why HBO is talking about deviating from the storyline in the books.
B001IBIHQ4|3.0|I knew The Pacific was a much different format than Band of Brothers when I purchased it. The way the stories are told is very different between the two series - if you get this expecting it to be Band of Brothers, you will be disappointed.  I thought the music and cinematography were excellent. The story lines were very disjointed - it jumps around a lot - not difficult to follow, but it just doesn't flow very well.  My biggest complaint is that several of the episodes were basically pornography - very graphic sex scenes that I felt added nothing to the story - only cheapend it. The only thing missing was the closeup \\"penetration\\" scenes. Shame on you Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks for cheapening the story with this SMUT. One of my sons is a big WWII history buff - we watched Band of Brothers together (there is only one graphic sex scene in the episode \\"Why We Fight\\") and thought overall, it was a very solid depiction of the battles of WWII and the comradery of the soldiers. I had to remove him from the room after the second episode of The Pacific - he just doesn't need to be exposed to that garbage.
B006BXT4TI|4.0|I wish there were 10 stars to rate with rather than 5 so I could give this a 9. I will admit that this album has more commercial appeal than Thickfreakness, but I'm not sure why that is necessarily a bad thing. The band is spreading their wings and this slightly more polished sound seems like a natural progression to me. Danger Mouse is by no means my favorite producer, but frankly, this seems a bit less \\"overproduced\\" than I had expected. I think that maybe for the next album, I'll lobby the band to use Rick Rubin. In the mean time however, this album will work fine for me.   I get a little frustrated with any review that is negative based on some pre-conceived idea of what they think it should sound like, or that they are frustrated that it doesn't sound similar to an album they preferred from a decade and a half dozen albums previous. Listen for yourself. Even a 30 second sound clip should give you an idea what it sounds like. This is a very solid selection of music that will certainly satisfy 99.99% of Keys fans, and it has just enough production value and commercial potential to perhaps garner a few new fans.   When you put this collection alongside nearly EVERY piece of absolute dreck in the Billboard 100, it is not only a breath of fresh air, but a masterpiece. Is it perfect, of course not, but it is very very good, hence the 9 out of ten rating.
B000O8OTNC|2.0|Item is made in China, purchased two of these from Amazon, they came in different packages. Packaging has been updated to appeal to spanish speaking customers. Disappointed in quality and use. Would not recommend.
0143035711|5.0|After this book you not only feel you understand all the intricacies of flying in difficult circumstances, but you appreciate the courage and commitment of these  guys, a super read, a socking story
B003L77GG0|5.0|Smallville ends its amazing series with yet another season that I wish wouldn't have ended. With the exception of the 9th season and some of the Lana episodes (never did like her) I have LOVED this series more so than any other television series. Smallville Season 10 doesn't disappoint. I will miss this series a lot. At least I can rewatch the old ones!
B004TTMYQG|5.0|I have been using this calendar for several months I absolutely love it! It is easy to use and syncs with google calendar as advertised.
B0063IH60K|5.0|great game very easy to play, the functions and settings are easy, telling all my friends about one of my favorite card games
0553801473|2.0|There isn't much I could add that hasn't already been said by other disappointed readers.<br /><br />In summation: Disappointed; will not be buying anymore in this series.
1400069181|4.0|I was lucky enough to be chosen as a Books for Bloggers winner recently, and thoroughly enjoyed reading Blake's book. I am not business-minded whatsoever, so the concepts, to me, were new and exciting. I can imagine that someone familiar with business might find some of the book's tips to be old news, but I think that it serves as a great reminder to those in the business world, where values and ethical motivations and greater purposes are often lost. Here is the review I posted on my blog, Inspired:  So I started Blake Mycoskie's book, Start Something That Matters on Monday, and finished it less than 48 hours later. It was so wonderful! It was a quick read, and I highly recommend it to anyone who is looking to start a business, or anyone who currently works with any organization of any kind. In other words, I recommend this book to everyone. Blake starts with the journey that led him to start TOMS - the vacation that inspired him, the drawing in his journal that became a reality, and the people along the way who helped him. As a huge supporter of TOMS (I currently own 10 pairs at last count...and I don't have any plans to stop there), it was amazing to read the story of the company. Blake talks about how important transparency is to his success, and he maintains that throughout the book - every aspect of his history, including mistakes and motivations, are put right out there in the open. I've heard many people criticize TOMS for being a for-profit organization, using their giving as a ploy to attract more business. But Blake makes it clear that TOMS has never claimed to be a non-profit organization, and that's OK! The people working for TOMS all have families to support and need to make money like the rest of us - but in the process, they are improving millions of other lives as well (TOMS recently gave away its 1 millionth pair of shoes!) What if every business model worked this way? (Here's an idea...what if, for every professional sports ticket purchased, the team's owner gave that much money to a charity, instead of fighting with the players about how much they make? But that's a soapbox for another time...)  What I found most refreshing about this book was that it follows the TOMS mission perfectly. TOMS' motto has become \\"One for One,\\" meaning that for every pair of shoes that are purchased, TOMS gives away a pair of shoes to a child in need. (And as of this summer, TOMS now gives eyesight! For every pair of sunglasses purchased, TOMS will either provide prescription glasses, medical treatment, or eye surgery for someone who needs it!) The book is no different: at the most basic level, for every one of Blake's books purchased, Random House Publishers donates a children's book to a child in need. But even more than that, the essence of the book is to pass on knowledge and experience to other people who want to \\"start something that matters.\\" In the last chapter of the book, Blake talks about his ultimate goal at TOMS. Originally, he says, it was to create a for-profit company that also improves the lives of children and relieves their suffering. But now, he says, his goal is \\"to influence other people to go out into the world and have a positive impact, to inspire others to start something that matters...\\" (amazing how that worked out, huh? It's like he knew I was going to post this on my blog!) At its core, this book is for the benefit of others. As Blake says, \\"we are all born with the ability to improve another person's life,\\" and he is doing everything he can to do just that, and he challenges us to do the same. He closes by saying that \\"the ultimate success of this book will be measured...by the number of people it inspires\\" (I swear, he wrote this book for me!)
0393327345|5.0|You can't call yourself a fight club fan until you read this book. Tyler Durden is one of the most interesting, entertaining and complex characters you'll ever read... One of my favorite books, and i'm usually a classics girl. The book is a little different from the movie in some respects, but more importantly, IT IS BETTER THAN THE MOVIE.
B001VLXNLU|5.0|The House of Night series was really enjoyable. This is a young, high school (vamp school) based story but there were a few lines that made me laugh so hard, it was worth the whole story. Fun read.
B004FRX0MY|4.0|As the title says it is beneficial, especially being a sprint user with truly unlimited data. Rarely have problems, unless my connection is low, even on 3g. Its not the best overall player but for streaming it works well.
B004GJYROG|4.0|Michael Jordan and Bugs Bunny - what a combination!  It's a B-ball game the whole family can get into and cheer for the good guys.
0307949486|3.0|First of all, I liked this series. The books aren't always amazing, but they are mostly pretty good and entertaining. I love books that have their own atmosphere and world that you can just go to get lost in for a while, and Stieg Larsson creates that. But I have to say, after reading all three of the Millennium books, I don't know why they have become so phenomenally successful. Mostly because the writing here is pretty good, there are dozens of characters, and the books are not short. In other words, not the typical mass-appeal books like Di Vinci Code or something. Anyway, if you like intricate mysteries and you want a 3-book project to tackle, I'd definitely recommend it.
B000KJT8IG|5.0|The family and I have watched this movie over and over the past week. Love it on bluray! the only way to go. Id recommend watching it with out any drinks around, just to make sure you dont spill laughing so hard.
1451627289|5.0|This is the first Stephen King book I have read and I'm halfway through at the moment.  So far, it has been outstanding.  He has definitely done his homework, but the story encompasses several different stories along the way.  Each one equally intriguing.  I find myself searching for any spare minute during the day to sneak off and read it!
B001GKJ2FC|4.0|I have no desire to watch this movie, but was greatly surprise to find that it comes with digital copy and BD live. two things my husband loves with his blu ray. He says the movie is amazing, so I recommend for anyone who likes action movies. Im pleased.
B004IQMXD4|5.0|I'm a die hard Stevie Nicks fan & regret having a camera on myself when I first met her in person in 1992 in New Jersey. This her most recent album after 10 years of recording solo is an album as enchanting as Trouble in shangri-la or any other of her albums,the waiting was way worth it & even there are few tracks that sounds different than what she previously have done but very enjoyable.
B001VNB54A|4.0|Not nearly as good or as authentic feeling as Band of Brothers, but pretty good nonetheless.  Happy to have this set in my collection.
0439023513|2.0|Disappointed. The first two books kept me up late at night turing page after page. Mockingjay did not have the same effect on me. It lacks a lot of detail. Events that should have been action packed and described in great detail were summarized in a few paragraphs.  It felt rushed.
B004EPZ07U|3.0|I had read pretty awful reviews about this movie, so I wasn't expecting much. I actually thought it was ok.  Ryan Reynolds does as much as he can with a slow, underdeveloped story line.  You'd think that a comic book based movie would have more action to carry it, but alas, in this case, you'd think wrong.
0131103628|5.0|The Classics proved again to be working fiiiiiineee!  This book is a must if you want to understand the C programming language, C++ or Java.
B004LWZW4C|4.0|I liked the story line and the special effects were pretty solid.  Movie was well done, no real complaints, it just didn't have that wow factor that would have given it a 5 star rating in my book.
B005ZHB84U|5.0|The first \\"Sherlock Holmes\\" score caught me completely off guard with how different and completely opposite of Zimmer it was and ended being my favorite score that year. For the sequel, Zimmer goes even further by delivering one of the most unique and addicting scores I've heard since his score for the first movie.<br /><br />The album starts off with the Sherlock Holmes theme in almost the same manner as the last. This time with some pauses here and there. A somber opening that brings back that great theme. It's like the calm before the very crazy storm that is the rest of the tracks on this incredible album.<br /><br />The next track introduces a new theme which I'm guessing is a theme for the bad guy in the movie? Starts off with low instruments before being picked up by what I could have sworn was a bass clarinet. A bass clarinet in a Zimmer score? Sheer bloody panic. Other than the clarinet, another instrument that I never thought I'd hear in modern day Zimmer score was the bassoon, which is featured very well on \\"The Mycroft Suite\\".<br /><br />\\"Tick Tock\\" is easily one of my favorite tracks on the album. It takes a while for it get going, but once it kicks, it really starts getting fun. I'm sure the ticking sound will make sense once I see the movie, but for now it's a very cool sound that's almost present throughout the track as it gets crazier and crazier. One of the few action tracks I believe, but very well done.<br /><br />I remember on the last \\"Holmes\\" score there was a track called \\"I never woke up in handcuffs before\\" which I thought was as crazy as Zimmer could ever be in terms of playfulness. Well this score proved me wrong. There are tracks on here that I had to stop listening to about halfway through to make sure I was listening to the right soundtrack.  \\"Chess\\" is an early and great example of this.<br /><br />The track \\"Chess\\" is not only my personal track on the album, but just might be my favorite track of the year. Listened to it so many times and it still makes me smile. I love how weird it starts, and that odd brass and snares at the 17 sec. mark before going in a very unique and crazy direction. I LOVE this track. Just incredible anyway you cut it. Would pay good money to see the look on the faces of the orchestra when they saw the sheet music for the first time.<br /><br />But as crazy as \\"Chess \\"is, I think \\"It's So Overt it's Covert\\" might top it. I can just picture Zimmer telling the orchestra to get supremely wasted then try to play the music, which is kind of what it sounds like. The clarinet just flies around like a bee trying to find a flower whiles the rest of the instruments try their best to play the Sherlock Holmes theme. I love this track; it's just so weird and out there and very encouraging to me that Zimmer was allowed to get away with this. Very refreshing to see this kind of experimenting in a big budget movie.<br /><br />\\"Romanian Wind\\" is another one that's far out there. Like the Cantina band in \\"Star Wars\\" but on acid or some kind of illegal narcotics. Don't know the best way to describe it, but it's a very interesting piece of music that I'm still not sure if it was written or if the ensemble just improved it but I love it. \\"He's all Me, Me, Me\\" is an odd one too. I really hope they have a lengthy behind the scenes on the blu ray for the music, die of happiness to see the orchestra performing this music.<br /><br />\\"Did You Kill My Wife\\" sounds like the type of music you would hear in a very dramatic Western as the hero is making a speech or walking into town. It's essentially the brass being led by a beautiful trumpet. The source track \\"Two Mules for Sister Sara\\" is a bit distracting at first, but guess it will make sense once I see the movie<br /><br />Fans of Zimmer's action music will appreciate \\"To the Opera\\", which is an action track but with a very unique twist. It's an opera action track if that makes any sense. Throughout out the pounding of the orchestra you can hearan opera singer singing Mozart whiles the orchestra keeps up. It sounds like it won't work, but Zimmer makes it work so well on here. Can't wait to see the movie to see what scene that goes with. \\"Red Book\\" would be another great action track that I can't wait to see the movie to see what it goes with. Starts slow, but after about a minute the action kicks in. And dare say it has an Elfman vibe to it.<br /><br />The closest thing to subtle on the album would be the very sweet \\"Memories of Sherlock\\". Guessing it's for either something romantic in the movie or a slow motion explosion or something. It is very nice to hear though, a nice break from the off the wall stuff. A short break but still.<br /><br />I'm guessing \\"The End?\\" is for the end of the movie. *shocking I know*. It ends just like the first movie did with an energetic and bombastic version of the Holmes theme. A very nice ending to a really great album. Now I should probably say something about the remix track but um...yeah<br /><br />I really love this score. It's unique, it's experimental, it's fun and it has some great action. Don't know if it's the best of the year since I haven't heard \\"War Horse\\" yet, but so far it's my favorite. Kudos Mr. Zimmer<br /><br />Highest of Recommendationst work, but Zimmer makes it work so well on here. Can't wait to see the movie to see what scene that goes with. \\"Red Book\\" would be another great action track that I can't wait to see the movie to see what it goes with. Starts slow, but after about a minute the action kicks in. And dare say it has an Elfman vibe to it.   The closest thing to subtle on the album would be the very sweet \\"Memories of Sherlock\\". Guessing it's for either something romantic in the movie or a slow motion explosion or something. It is very nice to hear though, a nice break from the off the wall stuff. A short break but still.   I'm guessing \\"The End?\\" is for the end of the movie. *shocking I know*. It ends just like the first movie did with an energetic and bombastic version of the Holmes theme. A very nice ending to a really great album. Now I should probably say something about the remix track but um...yeah  I really love this score. It's unique, it's experimental, it's fun and it has some great action. Don't know if it's the best of the year since I haven't heard \\"War Horse\\" yet, but so far it's my favorite. Kudos Mr. Zimmer  Highest of Recommendations
B0056BU3I2|3.0|I had heard pretty good things about this movie; that it was by far the best of the series etc....It really wasn't that good.  It was ok, for an action movie, but not worth the $20 for a blu ray.
B004EPYZQ2|5.0|So sorry I missed this in the theater, but at least I have a 42\\" TV to enjoy it now. This is a superb movie with some good young actors & a satisfying story. It's a monster movie, a family movie, a movie about friends, and a movie about growing up and moving beyond.<br /><br />This could easily join my overly-crowded pantheon of top ten movies.
B004US4K2C|3.0|My phone got faster to use and extremely customized thanks to this program. If you don't mind spending some time configuring things, you'll end up with a more enjoyable Android. Worth getting.<br /><br />EDIT: I have reduced my rating from 5 stars to 3 because the program has been revised and now keeps interrupting my home screen and notification bar with a range of very intrusive ads and promotions.
0446581356|3.0|I don't know anytnhing about make up, I love this book. It has great tips and photos, my mom love it too :)
B004EPYZQC|5.0|What to say, other than excellent? This is by far the best part of Fast series...by my opinion. Good quality, fast shipping.
B004T4LUPW|2.0|I just download this app today. I believe it's a waste of my money. Calwidget is a lot easier to configure, better... and it's free. Add more insult to injury, the app's widget won't run without having Amazon Appstore installed. It shouldn't be this way if I paid for it I should need no Appstore to keep the app running. At this point, I don't know how to get Amazon to remove this restriction.<br /><br />Here is the actual message when I tried to double on the App's widget, after deleting the Amazon Appstore:<br /><br />Amazon Appstore required<br /><br />It looks like the Amazon Appstore was uninstalled from your device. Please install the Amazon Appstore and sign in with your username and password to used this app.<br /><br />I didn't feel easy about having a Appstore running in the background, for someone COULD just click and download a bunch of apps from that Appstore without my knowledge and I'd be responsible to the bill. That was why I deleted Amazon Appstore to prevent that from happening. To my surprise, that action prevented my CalenGoo's widget from working as it should, which is bringing up my Agenda. Wish I had known about this requirement before downloading it.
1451627289|3.0|I've been a Stephen King fan for many years; first his books and then through movies and television.  I remember the chilling effect of The Shining that had me looking for bodies behind the shower curtain for weeks, and the equally great treatment on screen with Jack Nicholson as the lead.  I was excited to see this book come out.  I have always loved time travel stories and I felt that, if anyone could pull off telling a good time travel yarn, it would be Mr. King.  I was half right.  The premise was great.  A man traveling through time to prevent the Kennedy assassination.  Interwoven were the stories of how the traveler would right a few other wrongs along the way.  For those of you who seem drawn to this novel because it brings back memories of the 50's and 60's, it does that, but in a rather dark way.  If that's what I want, I'd opt for any number of novels that do the same thing.  Like I said, the premise was good.  But there is so much slow filler in the pages that is slogs down to a crawl.  I found myself skimming over much of that material in an effort to get to the meat of the story.  I think a good editor would have recognized that factor and would have done a bit of editing, but, maybe at this level of publishing, you just don't tell Stephen King how to write.  Face it, anything he publishes is going to hit the best seller list.  In an interview, even Stephen King said he will never tackle this type of subject matter again. Maybe he realizes it was outside his comfort zone and was not his best effort.  <SPOILER>  Now for the ending.  I can understand the social ramifications of having changed such a major historical event, but earthquakes?  Storms?  I think it kind of went off the deep end of the spectrum in this regard.  And the \\"guardians\\" of the \\"rabbit hole\\" who said he was not really a guardian... That seems a bit of a contrivance to pull together some type of explanation that would have been better interwoven into the story. I guess is was good that Sadie didn't live.  Imagine her disappointment when George takes her through the rabbit hole to a world that was much worse than what she was leaving behind.  All in all, it was a good read.  I gave it three stars because it did deal with a lot of historical perspective and how difficult it would be to change history.  It just took too long to do it.
B005DCJ1J6|5.0|*** THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE BLU RAY REISSUE ***<br /><br />Lasse Hallstrom's 1999 adaptation of John Irving's 1985 book (of the same name) is a rather lovely little film - that's genuinely been upgraded by BLU RAY. It's not note-perfect as a transfer by any means (soft focus here and there, a bit of grain and blocking too) - but when it's good (which is a lot of the time) - it's really gorgeous to look at.<br /><br />You notice the improvements especially when the story gets to the home and lands of Olive Worthington and her son Wally (great casting in Kate Nelligan and Paul Rudd). She's an estate-owning boss and he's a dashing young Airforce Pilot who is waiting for overseas action in the Second World War. Even the indoor scenes in the live-in hut where all the apple pickers live (the 'Cider House' mentioned in the title) are very clear and at times amazingly so. The faces and clothing of the actors are razor-sharp too (superb cast choices in Delroy Lindo, Erykah Badu, Evan Park, Heavy D, and K. Todd Freeman). So too when Homer Wells (Tobey Maguire's character) is out walking with Wally's beautiful and vivacious fianc&eacute; Candy Kendall (Charlize Theron) while Wally's away at war - the shots by the Sea and the nearby lobster fishing port are beautiful to look at.<br /><br />Acting-wise - there is so much to savour here. A huge part of the film's heart has to go to touching performances from children - Erik Per Sullivan as the bronchial Fuzzy, Kieran Culkin as the troubled Buster and Paz De La Huerta as the young teenage girl who fancies Homer way too much for her own good. Throw in Kathy Baker and Jane Alexander as elderly nurses with an abundance of unconditional paternal heart - and it feels good the second it opens. The story then moves as Homer does away from the snowbound hills and rivers of Maine to the sunny fields of working orchards in South Carolina.<br /><br />But the movie belongs to its two principal leads - Michael Caine as Dr. Wilbur Larch and Tobey Maguire as the emotionally stilted orphan boy - Homer Wells (named after a cat and someone whose deep). First up is Caine who is simply sensational. Moving like a force of benevolent kindness amid the cold wooden rooms of \\"St. Clouds\\" (a 1930's and 1940's Orphanage he runs) - he is pragmatic and practical to the visiting pregnant women who don't need judgement (dialogue above) but an operation that is illegal. Describing himself as \\"...a caretaker to many, father to none...\\" - he mother hen's over a lively cast of young children abandoned in the big house with an almost casual cruelty. Each hurt child of course longs to be genuinely wanted - to be taken away by childless parents who occasionally come to visit and adopt. The scene where one pretty girl appeals to a couple - so they take her - but leave the rest behind - is heartbreaking. Caine imbibes so many of these difficult moments with a huge humanity - he's an actor capable of conveying extraordinary compassion and anger - sometimes one after the other. The film was nominated for 7 Academy Awards and won 2 - one for Caine as Best Supporting Actor and the other for Best Adapted Screenplay by John Irving.<br /><br />Tobey Maguire excels too - his performance is full of quiet acceptance at first - but then moves into a longing for a more varied life outside of his mentor's 'doctoring' requirements. Homer's journey to his own 'purpose in the world' is long but convincing. Maguire is very, very good here. As is Charlize Theron - not just a beautiful woman - but a hugely accomplished actress. Watch out too for John Irving the Author in a tiny cameo as a Station Master at the beginning (doing his Hitchcock).<br /><br />The \\"Making Of\\" interviews all the principal actors - as well as John Irving on adapting his own book, Stephen King (the Author) on Irving's writing and Lasse Hallstrom the Director on shooting such a huge book. Its default aspect is 1.2:35 so it has bars top and bottom of the screen - but even stretched to full screen - it still looks great.<br /><br />\\"The Cider House Rules\\" is a warm film - and one I thoroughly enjoyed re-watching. But more importantly - if you're a fan and have love for this movie's combined cruelties and charms - then you need to see it/own it on BLU RAY.<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br /><br />ASPECT:<br />1.2:35:1 Ratio<br />SUBTITLES:<br />English for the Hard-Of-Hearing<br />EXTRAS:<br />Making Of \\"An American Classic\\"<br />Deleted Scenes<br />Trailer<br /><br />PS: for other recent reissues on BLU RAY - see also:<br />\\"Amelie\\", \\"Beautiful Girls\\", \\"American Graffiti\\", \\"Bright Star\\", \\"Shakespeare In Love\\", \\"Love Actually\\", \\"A.I - Artificial Intelligence\\", \\"Bubba Ho-Tep\\", \\"Gone Baby Gone\\" and \\"Michael Clayton\\"ules\\" is a warm film - and one I thoroughly enjoyed re-watching. But more importantly - if you're a fan and have love for this movie's combined cruelties and charms - then you need to see it/own it on BLU RAY.    Highly recommended.   ASPECT:  1.2:35:1 Ratio  SUBTITLES:  English for the Hard-Of-Hearing  EXTRAS:   Making Of \\"An American Classic\\"  Deleted Scenes   Trailer  PS: for other recent reissues on BLU RAY - see also:  \\"Amelie\\", \\"Beautiful Girls\\", \\"American Graffiti\\", \\"Bright Star\\", \\"Shakespeare In Love\\", \\"Love Actually\\", \\"A.I - Artificial Intelligence\\", \\"Bubba Ho-Tep\\", \\"Gone Baby Gone\\" and \\"Michael Clayton\\"
B002N1AEN2|5.0|This is excellent music to chill to.  So simple, but so awesome.  This was definitely one of my favorite releases over the past couple of years.
B004TI5N38|3.0|I, too, found Puller to be a clone of Jack Reacher - which was okay with me until the whole thing blew up (literally) and the girl bit the dust (also literally).....Oh,well....maybe next one will be better!
B004LROUW2|3.0|Murakami has written 1Q84, an Everest of a novel so complex and engaging, it is virtually impossible to not be drawn to the many challenges it presents. Unfortunately, the narrative's arid peak is starved of all of the essential elements which motivated us to seek its rewards and undertake the climb: breathable oxygen, a vivid imaginary landscape, and faith in the novelist's ability to guide us to a conclusion as satisfying and unique as its promising first two thirds.  Consequently, if there is any meaning (or warning) to be extracted from the old saw that \\"The journey is the destination\\", then one will most certainly have the opportunity to encounter an example of it during their reading of this book.   George Mallory, who led an early expedition to climb Mt. Everest, is alleged to have replied, \\"Because it's there\\", when asked why he was making his attempt. I can think of no better reason to recommend the reading 1Q84. Keeping in mind that Mallory himself died just a few hundred meters from Everest's summit, never quite making it to the top.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|This app has a lot of great features and I now use my phone as my morning alarm clock instead of my $100 iHome alarm clock. I also use Alarm Clock Xtreme to automatically open the Amazon Appstore everyday to remind me to check what the free app is. Love it!
0920668372|1.0|[[VIDEOID:mo2WL3KA4DH9IOT]]What starts out as a sweet mother/son relationship ends with the son moving across town and Mama driving to his house on dark nights to sneak in her adult son's window with a ladder and rock him in his lonely twin bed while he sleeps. Hmmm. If you're not already convinced the books amazing,(somehow! Goodness, I just can't believe anyone likes this book! It astonishes me!) you may want to know a few things...   1. The people who like this book for whatever reason insist the bizarre behavior of the mother in this book is not actually happening, it's allegory. Supposedly, the child is REMEMBERING her rocking him and loving him. Unfortunately there's that picture in the book with a ladder strapped to the top of her car. Hard for a kid to erase.  2. This book is written FOR ADULTS. This book creates a fear of death and aging in small children. Many people have been negatively impacted through having this book read to them as young children. See the neg reviews on this book for stories, or just search online. You may feel this is lovely, your child has to process aging and death as a possibility when you read it. Consider it first.  3. The mother in this books peaks rudely about her child, thinking about \\"sending him to the ZOO\\" etc, etc. Not a positive parenting tone.  4. People will insist on the sweetness, but it's so mixed with creepiness it's hard to find it.  5. The big deal message in this book is :\\"You'll always be my baby!\\" which is splendid, but I'm working to raise men. I would rather connect with them over a loving book that skips the crazy. Otherwise, they may attempt to rock me in my old age.   I will be insulted for having an opinion on this, but as the mother of 4 boys, I would never, never keep this book in my house. Out it goes tomorrow.
B004XWLN20|5.0|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
0062060554|5.0|Great book. From the first page to the last I was kept guessing. The main character \\"Chris\\" forgets her life every night she goes to sleep- but when memories come to the surface the reader is left wondering page by page if her mind, her husband, or her doctor is creating them. Highly suspenceful. My only con is that the book ended so suddenly.
B0034G4ORC|5.0|Bought this movie for my hubby's birthday, he loved it! Thanks so much...great movie at a great price. It came very quickly.
B001GM28HO|5.0|This is a great CD ! Lady Gaga's work just blows my mind ! Buying from Amazon.com is the only place I will buy from again ! Even my order came 3 days earlier than expected !
B006IGZWB2|2.0|Was looking forward to seeing this with my wife and daughter. Went to sleep pretty quick. Unrealistic characters and story. All of the white people were one dimensional cartoon characters. Kind of reminds me of a not very good high school play. Growing up in the south, there were some people like this, but not the majority. Dont waste your time watching this.
0385738765|2.0|I was really disappointed by this sequel. No significant character development and very little new information about why the characters in it are being subjected to the trials. I guess all will be revealed in the last book of the trilogy...
B005IZLPMY|2.0|Thin plot, so so acting & some of the sets just looked fake. Watch a rerun of one of your favorites instead.
B004Q7CIFI|5.0|I've been a Stephen King fan for thirty years.  An unfaithful one.  Each time he writes one of his grisly horror tomes I desert him for an author who can offer me humanity, not horror.  I believe \\"The Stand\\" is one of the finest novels of the last half century.  King's Dark Tower series had me spellbound.  Many of his short stories, like The Shawshank Redemption are real pearls.  Even some of his scarier work has been worthwhile.  However, I have always agonized over King's waste of talent in writing in the horror genre.  His ability to plot, to bring characters to life, his ability to present modern culture in a proper perspective is without equal.  As John D. MacDonald chronicled the 50's for us, King is equally adept at describing his, and our, times.  Although I have always found King's characters credible I have often felt little sympathy or empathy for them.  Now King has given us Jake Epping/George Amberson, a character that touched me on so many, many levels.  Jake/George may very well be the only \\"true\\" character King has ever created, at least in my mind.<br /><br />I also sense King's personal investment in this character was greater.  One can readily see that in King's writing; at times King brings a poetry to his prose every bit as beautiful as Thomas Wolfe.  The \\"Dance\\" is presented with as much beauty as anything I've ever read.  King seemingly loved it too as it plays such a pivotal role in three life events with beautiful Sadie.  King's offering of the flowering of the Jake/Sadie romance actually had me wondering, in that far peripheral of mind, what his wife thought about his \\"adulterous\\" affair with Sadie in warm Saratoga evenings or on a Maine spring morning.<br /><br />I love time travel books and,  being around King's age, I loved revisiting my youth.  However, my greatest joy was reading of a grand romance on the grand stage of history...and of time.<br /><br />I think we admirers of King are still waiting for him to write this century's \\"great American novel\\".  Despite the skepticism of the \\"long noses\\" he is certainly capable of it.  We catch glimpses of his magic in this book.  \\"Encore..and more!\\", Stephen!the skepticism of the \\"long noses\\" he is certainly capable of it.  We catch glimpses of his magic in this book.  \\"Encore..and more!\\", Stephen!
B004LSJCJM|5.0|With the first cut 'Slow Train' Mr. Bonamassa sets the stage for a cloyingly hot and beautifully descriptive release. As the recreated chugging of the train picks up pace and moves down the line, picking up hitchhikers in the form of deep soulfull vocals and eloquent guitar work, we chug along to the final stop where we encounter the 'new world' of the 'Dust Bowl'.<br />Wonderful 'spaghetti western' guitar tones announce our arrival - here we are treated to an empty world where all we \\"get is indecision - the classic run around\\". Layers of sound created by hand percussion, keyboard, drums and guitar fills the space with an amazing understanding of the subject matter.<br /><br />Joe does not do it alone - he features John Hiatt (Tennessee Plates), Vince Gill (Sweet Rowena), and Glenn Hughes Heartbreaker). His work with Mr. Hiatt is especially joyful, in counter balance to the feel of the release, yet it has it's place in the overall picture. Fun, rocking and gotta get away feel takes us on the joy ride on this Cadillac with Tennessee plates. 'Sweet Rowena' is a solid blues shuffle that Mr.'s Gill and Bonamassa trade vocals and guitar licks that shows both their versatility and urges us to re-think the industry imposed 'genres' or categories of music that seem to keep us apart more than bring us together. Glenn Hughes, formerly of Trapeze and Deep Purple, is now part of Black Country Communion, Mr. Bonamassa's other musical band. They keep alive the heavy guitar, head banging tradition of their roots with a stinging cover of the Paul Rodgers/Free song 'Heartbreaker'.<br /><br />This is another fine album by Joe and in it he shows his absolute mastery of the guitar. There is not a current style that he cannot get his head and hands around - and make it his own. I wonder why he is seemingly not as well know as some other guitar players. His playing, technique and understanding of the sound and art of his instrument is unparalleled, and I urge you to take another (or first) listen to this young man.<br /><br />love blues ? check out blues411.comg man.  love blues ? check out blues411.com
B0063IH60K|5.0|Like it here and at iTunes. They both in the same manner. It would be nice if the two could combine their scores.
B0036TGT3E|5.0|so i thought to myself...how much more high definition can they squeeze out of this old film? well i dont know how they did it but the colors, sound and motion are very vibrant and smooth. so it may not look in high def as one would expect but it is better and brighter. loved it
B005HV6Y5W|3.0|A am a big fan of Malick's and have seen all of his previous films. I have Blu-rays of three of them. But \\"Tree of Life\\" was hard to sit through. The film was beautiful to look at (as always) but was not emotionally engaging. I got very annoyed at the whispered voice overs. I know this film was a special project for Malick and obviously more meaningful for him than for me. I give him credit for even attempting to give his story a visual equivalent. If I have the patience to watch this again some day, perhaps I will be in a more receptive state of mind. I actually enjoyed the documentary more tha the feature itself.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|While I know I've heard of the book before, I wasn't really familiar with it or with the story. When I bought my Kindle Fire and discovered the free book borrowing, I happened upon this book and it was the first book I borrowed. From the moment I started reading it, I couldn't put it down.   This is a post-apocolyptic tale. What is left of America is now Panem, broken up into 12 areas. As a way reminder to the people that the government has ultimate power, each year two teens are selected from each area to participate in the Hunger Games. It is a game where they must fight to the death and the last one standing wins a \\"better\\" life for theirself. Katniss finds herself chosen for the Hunger Games after she volunteers to take the place of her younger sister.  The book is interesting and entertaining. It really kept me wanting to read and to know what would happen, even though I already knew at least part of the outcome (there are 3 books afterall).
B006BXTOFC|5.0|Great Black Keys as expected. Their unique style is perfected and taken to the next level in this album. A must have for any Black Keys enthusiast.
B004HW7JMO|2.0|I have never seen the original series that \\"Gods of the Arena\\" is a Prequel to, so perhaps that's one reason why I found this set so lacking in both artistic and entertainment value.  Scenes of bloody gladiator battle (complete with spurting jugulars and frequent decapitations) alternate with soft-core porn scenes of gladiators and royalty schtupping to conquer various fair maidens. Occasionally, episodes are padded with scenes of poorly written dialog of 1) males boasting of their strength and sexual prowess, or scheming for riches and power or 2) women gossiping about #1.   If you like watching UFC matches, this might appeal, but for me, not so much.
B003Q6BQPS|5.0|I bought this for our 10-year-old granddaughter and have ordered another Lego set from Amazon since she put the bakery together. It was easy for her, so I'm trying one for 14 year olds for the next.  Her younger siblings love playing with it.  Of course, every piece was there, and it's a pretty addition to the season! The light block is an attractive addition.
0142000655|5.0|\\"We have only one story. All novels, all poetry, are built on the neverending contest in ourselves of good and evil. And it occurs to me that evil must constantly respawn, while good, while virtue, is immortal. Vice has always a new fresh young face, while virtue is venerable as nothing else in the world is.\\" John Steinbeck, East of Eden<br /><br />The preceding quote appears about halfway through Steinbeck's magnum opus, but it could just have easily have served as the epigraph. The powerful novel exhaustively explores the themes of good and evil in the lives and intertwining stories of two Salinas Valley, California families.<br /><br />I recently re-read Of Mice & Men, and the enjoyment it brought finally stripped my hesitation to tackle Steinbeck's 600 page East of Eden. It took a few weeks, but I was rewarded by a good story, well told.<br /><br />As the title suggests, Biblical themes reverberate throughout the book. The most prominent is that of Cain and Able that plays out first with Adam Trask and his brother, Charles, and then in Adam's two sons, Caleb and Aaron. The title was chosen by Steinbeck from Genesis 4:16: \\"And Cain went out from the presence of the Lord, and dwelt in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden\\" (King James Version).<br /><br />Caleb (Cal) constantly wrestles with his sinful nature, evoking the Apostle Paul's words in Romans 7:19: \\"For the good that I would I do not: but the evil which I would not, that I do (KJV).\\" But that wrestling leaves him more in touch with his real identity and that of those around him. By contrast, his brother, Aaron had constructed a story of his life that reality intrudes upon with devastating consequences.<br /><br />The book also shows the generational impacts of fathers choosing favorites among their offspring, recalling the Biblical figures of Adam and Jacob. It shows true service in the character of the household servant, Lee. And while the allegories are ever present, they don't suffocate the tale. The characters and the landscape come to life in this timeless story that I wholeheartedly recommend.timeless story that I wholeheartedly recommend.
B005K17RU0|4.0|I was looking for a good weather app that was free. This one is the best you can find at no cost.
B005POK858|5.0|loved it. Keep em coming kotobuki I'm really looking forward to their other offerings. If you enjoyed final fantasy on the snes you have got to get this game.
B0049P1VHS|5.0|I will be honest... I don't watch TV anymore. There is nothing on worth watching, and if there is, Fox will cancel it within 2 months in favor of another Seth McFarlane show that no one will ever watch.  When I heard about Walking Dead, I thought that a series about zombies would not take off. I figured, no one I know is really into zombies, how can this show last? Well... I loved it. I would stop what ever I was doing in order to watch this show.  Sure, some of the characters are not very good, and in fact, you HOPE they get killed by a Walker just so they never have to return. How ever, this show makes you think... it makes you jump... and you cannot guess what is going to happen as it continues, which is what I LOVE about a TV show. Unlike reality TV, which is for the \\"lowest common denominator\\" of people... shows like this actually force you to think while watching, which is as good as it gets.  The costumes for the Walkers are top-notch, and in fact, surpass most of the zombie movies made in the last decade. You will see all sorts of unique Walkers... if you decide to look hard enough. The work and detail they put into making unique zombies is indeed incredible.  While the series does not follow the comics at all... aside from the first couple of episodes, its a good thing... as you will not know what to expect. Shane does survive in the comics, as he is killed by Carl, and he never gets to the farm house you see in Season 2. That in itself leaves room for the unexpected.  I hope this series continues for years to come... best show on TV!
0439023513|5.0|BEFORE I DOWNLOADED THIS BOOK ON MY KINDLE I READ MANY OF THE REVIEWS POSTED HERE.  I ALMOST DIDN'T BUY IT BECAUSE THE BULK OF THEM WERE NOT JUST NEGATIVE. THEY WERE EMOTIONAL EXPRESSIONS OF ANGER AND DISAPPOINTMENT.  HOWEVER, I DID PURCHASE THE BOOK.  THE ONLY CONCLUSION THAT I CAN COME TO IS THAT TOO MANY PEOPLE \\"WRITE\\" THEIR OWN ENDINGS TO A STORY AND GET ANGRY WHEN THE AUTHOR DOESN'T DO WHAT THEY EXPECT.    NONE OF THE THREE BOOKS WERE CHILDREN'S STORIES.  THEY ARE A POWERFUL EXPLORATION INTO HUMAN NATURE.  THE ENDING IS BOTH SATISFYING AND MOVING.  REAL CHARACTERS, REAL ISSUES, REAL RESULTS.  THANK YOU SUZANNE COLLINS FOR THE EXCELLENT AND LASTING STORY.
037582913X|5.0|This is an incredible book.  I ready this book to my daughter so many years ago, and now I am reading it to my daughter's niece.  She loves it.  I'm not sure who has more fun with it - her or me!!!!!
B005QI4TP8|5.0|This is the second CD that I have purchased by this artist and I was very pleased when I listened to this CD.  I enjoyed the entire album and have become a huge fan of this artist.
B003L77G6A|5.0|I love The Big Bang theory and this season was really funny. Sheldon gets a girl friend and its not penny. I love that the cast grew and those who were added. They bring even more smiles to my face.
B005K17RU0|2.0|temperature consistently reads 5-7 degrees lower than real temp.  checked against other apps, sites, my car, and outdoor thermometer.  location 11730.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|We really enjoyed watching the entire series in order.  The packaging makes it easy to keep all the DVD's together and organized in a small box.
B000LC4TJ0|2.0|This production is unconventional, okay.<br />But it is not a 'successful' pioneer.<br />Rather, it is dark, gloomy, boring: lack-luster to be exact.<br />Music wise, the lead singers are all big-guns, but to a very large extent, they were either miscast, or not in their best form. In the former category the two ladies in the lead role and the 'boy' - Roeschumann as Rosina the Countess, Netrebko as Susanna the maid, and Schafer as Cherubino the boy page. In the latter category is Boje Skovhus, a seasoned Mozartian but singing in a lack-lustred manner here.<br />Production wise, not only were the attires boring; the entire dramatic action smacked stoicism despite the presence of an 'angel'. There were scarcely any real 'movements' that should flow naturally from the script. The characters are like wooden puppets, moving on a winding machine.<br />This is not the worst bit, though.<br />The saddest bit is the overall laboriousness that this performance and production brings onto the audience.<br />From the start, a dark-toned Susanna seals the entire atmosphere - this is NOT the chirpy witty wiry Susanna - she is some thing more schemy, more wilful and abusive (she slaps Figaro many times in the Fourth Act duet). The Countess is a street-sweeper in this production, faceless and graceless, despite the fact that she sings well.<br />D'Arcangelo's Figaro fared much better in the La Scala production in the same year os 2006.<br />If you want a REAL 'Le Nozze di Figaro' starring D'Arcangelo in the title role, go for that La Scala production which is 50 times better all round.
B0058P7KUA|2.0|Worked just fine the first time i launched it but now just sits there with a black screen.  Tried reinstalling but had the same problem, worked just fine the verry first time but after closing the app, it wont reopen.  But the game is totally awesome, just wish i could play again.  Xoom
B005K17RU0|4.0|good great , love everything about it . sun rain wind and shine I love this . JUSY NEED TOVKJOE WYEN WE HI GUFH
B003L77G06|5.0|One of the funniest shows on TV, no question! Great shipping and easy transaction! It's a staple on my DVR so I'm happy to have past seasons too!
B003Y74AZ2|3.0|It would be nicer if this was a little more snug.  the sides are a little loose while the top and bottom of the phone fit well.  this was on a white iphone 4s (the newest one as of 11/2011.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|Just a great show. Is a constant on my DVR so I'm happy to have the earlier seasons. For sure one of the funniest shows on TV right now.
B006C45MRE|5.0|This was a fantastic movie. Action, western sci fi awesome!!!  Great movie from start to finish. I would recomend this movie to anyone who craves something new.
B0063IH60K|5.0|enjoy this game everyday! easy to use and good graphics for &aacute;mazon kindle fire. like the deal options and card backs.
B00632HWOG|3.0|While writing emails on Kindle Fire, the text I am working on will unexpectedly revert to a prior state, leaving off anything I had written in between. This is very frustrating after laboriously tapping out text.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Helps pass the time. Plus it is easy to play and fun too.<br />Nothing more to say really. But this thing wants more.
B00632HWOG|1.0|This app is sooooo laggy and slow on Samsung Captivate. Developer says to update software on Galaxy phones to 2.2.1, but apparently they dont know that AT&amp;T stopped updating original Captivate phones at v2.2!?  Thanks AT&amp;T for abandoning one of the best selling android devices and thanks Yahoo for a buggy and laggy app.
B005DOL0R0|4.0|I really enjoy this case for everyday transport. It is well protected, yet light and not bulky. It fits the Kindle Fire nicely - not too tight or too loose. I have no issues with this product.
1423140591|5.0|With Percy returned with the same memory problem as Jason from the previous book things start off with a bang!<br />I really enjoyed this book. It had a great pace and a great story. I really liked the part with interesting take on \\"Amazon.com\\" 8 )<br />If you have not read all the books, I would recommend at least reading the previous book that starts the new trilogy, \\"The lost hero\\"<br />I love the new people in the book: Hazel and Frank are a great addition to the book. I can see the seven demi-god who will be called.
B004SKHJF2|4.0|So since I've already bought this app and had to recently get a new phone because mine was stolen from my purse at work, why won't it let me just download it? I have the order confirmation from buying it before but it's trying to say that I have to pay for it again and I really don't think I should have to do that. Any way to fix this? I love shazaam and want to keep using it but I'm not paying for something I've already bought.
B00003CX9W|5.0|I first saw Fantasia when in college many years ago, and was unable to get the anniversary edition when it came out.  The excellent quality used edition I got through Amazon came with the small booklet that the original had, and was in perfect condition.  It's not quite the same experience on home TV as on the large screen, but was WELL worth the money, for both the artistry and the memories!
B003IMV8IK|3.0|This CD had a lot of songs in spanish. I would have not purchsed this if I had known. This CD also had songs on it that was not on orginal. I was not pleased because I do not like to have to return items.
B001IF5YLQ|5.0|i wouldve bought the hdmi but my monitor doesnt have it. i got the NEC EA221WM monitor for free and it only has DVI & VGA. so i bought this for my 2011 2.2GHz MBP and its a perfect fit. amazing product and great quality. not like the cheap knock off that some flea market seller has had in his van for 10 years just waiting to rip you off. trust me, spend the extra money and you'll know why as soon as the package gets to you
B005SODYGA|5.0|how can you lie with a good compilation and remixes for the best industrial band like Rammstein ?, I already have all the CDs but I had to have the latest one to complete the collection
B0015RWCVM|1.0|The 17th All-Union Congress of SPECTRE (Sinister Period-Practice Enacted to Counter Traditional Readings Everlastingly) was held in Moscow. In subsequent years, it became known as the Congress of the Victors. All the leading exponents of period practice were in attendance. The overwhelming success of the last Five Year Plan - to extirpate traditional readings in the classical repertoire - meant that everyone was in high spirits. Come the first plenary session, Claudio Abbado (Number 2) hobbled over to the microphone to address the throng.<br /><br />\\"Comrades, as you know I have a spotty history. I was once associated with a reactionary circle in Berlin and elsewhere. I disown the person that I once was. During that time, however, I was inadvertently working for the cause. I recorded Mozart' s Haffner Symphony and the A Major, K 201, on Sony with the Berlin Philharmonic and it bored the pants off everyone ([[ASIN:B00077F99I Mozart: Symphonies Nos. 28, 29, & 35 - Haffner]]). Since then, I saw the light and joined the Party. Inspired by our Great Leader and his revolutionary Academy of Ancient Music, I handpicked a band of scratchers of my own - Orchestra Mozart, no less - and re-recorded the Haffner and the A Major, together with K 319, the Prague and the Jupiter. Here is my report.\\"<br /><br />He sipped away on a glass of water before resuming.<br /><br />\\"Not only have I tried to mirror our Leader's success with clipped phrasing and punchy rhythms - I have taken it one step further: this is a Mozart who is accessible to all. After all, profundity is so bourgeois. Yes indeed, the Haffner and the A Major are just as bland and forgettable as my previous recording with those counter-revolutionaries but now they are trivial to boot. I have interpreted K 319 in such a way that it can be used as background muzak at the tractor factory. The great development section in the first movement of the Prague has never sounded so inconsequential. Much the same comment could be made of the Jupiter: it might as well be a divertimento. It is the wimpiest performance in existence. If the masses are looking for lightweight readings in this repertoire, they should look no further. Yes indeed: I have completely belied Mozart's stature as one of the elite symphonists. This is a Mozart who belongs to the glorious proletariat!\\"<br /><br />Before applauding this speech (or otherwise), all eyes turned to Number One, Ernst Hogwood-Blofeld, the head of SPECTRE. He was sitting down the back in the shadows, clad in a tunic and smoking a pipe. After a moment's thought, he stepped forward and spoke up quietly.<br /><br />\\"I think we should congratulate Number 2 on his latest endeavour. Nor is there any need to recall that he was once an Oppositionist. We can all forget that. People make mistakes. Let's give him a hand!\\"<br /><br />On cue, the assembly burst into applause. Only the most astute of them looked back to see that Number One had disappeared back into the shadows but his eyes were still visible, glowing like hot coals.e of the Jupiter: it might as well be a divertimento. It is the wimpiest performance in existence. If the masses are looking for lightweight readings in this repertoire, they should look no further. Yes indeed: I have completely belied Mozart's stature as one of the elite symphonists. This is a Mozart who belongs to the glorious proletariat!\\"<br /><br />Before applauding this speech (or otherwise), all eyes turned to Number One, Ernst Hogwood-Blofeld, the head of SPECTRE. He was sitting down the back in the shadows, clad in a tunic and smoking a pipe. After a moment's thought, he stepped forward and spoke up quietly.<br /><br />\\"I think we should congratulate Number 2 on his latest endeavour. Nor is there any need to recall that he was once an Oppositionist. We can all forget that. People make mistakes. Let's give him a hand!\\"<br /><br />On cue, the assembly burst into applause. Only the most astute of them looked back to see that Number One had disappeared back into the shadows but his eyes were still visible, glowing like hot coals.
B004SKJIEC|1.0|Audio Fidelity does not use the Original master tapes on this and about all of the CD releases.  They claim the sources they use are going to give the consumer a great sounding CD.  If you're not using the Original master tape then you're comparing HDTV to analog TV.  This version sounds very slightly better then the Motown release but compare the cost.  I wish Mobile Fidleity would release this because they use nothing but the Original Master tape and the sound comes through.  A great Stevie Wonder CD, but all of his CD's are great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0013ND30W|5.0|My five year old daughter loves this movie and has seen the DVD many times. I wanted to replace my old VHS copy and so I ordered the Blu-Ray.   Now the VHS copy has been donated to the children's department of a local hospital and my daughter loves watching the Blu-Ray!
B005XY67WI|5.0|Shakira continues to deliver excellent new performances of songs like \\"She Wolf\\", \\"Loca\\", and Gordita, in addition to earlier classics like \\"Hips Don't Lie\\", \\"La Tortura\\" and \\"Osos Asi\\".  Her enthusiasm, charisma, style and dance moves are her best work yet.  Caliente!<br /><br />Shakira has a lot of danceable, high energy tracks here that are good to watch her perform live in person in front of a big audience.  Plus, the camera work and visuals are sharp and look great in blu-ray, and the audio comes through perfectly.  This one's a fun concert dvd, well worth getting.  Thanks Shakira for doing a great job on this concert for everyone; you're a talented, top performer.  A+<br /><br />- ken
B004KA9MQO|4.0|Jennifer Hudson confuses me a bit. She's got the vocal talent, she makes some catchy tunes and she even co-wrote the title track so maybe she'll be a singer-songwriter one day. However, I know this isn't gonna be her best CD. She's just got too much UNTAPPED potential.<br /><br />This disc is good though. It has a bit of R&B ballads, lots of dance tracks and lots of piano work as well as some drums here and there for good measure. Like I said, this album is better than her 2008 debut [[ASIN:B0019T9FL6 Jennifer Hudson]] but this isn't where she stops. I understand she is still developing her skills and finding her voice and eventually with the right producers, writers and her own development of her songwriting skills, I believe she can achieve the highest of highs.<br /><br />I don't really feel the need to skip any of the tracks much unless you count that stiff track \\"Angel\\". Not a good look, Alicia and Swizz...<br /><br />4 stars.<br /><br />DOWNLOAD:<br />\\"Feeling Good\\"<br />\\"Everybody Needs Love\\"<br />\\"No One Gonna Love You\\" &<br />\\"Gone\\"<br /><br />SKIP:<br />\\"Angel\\"
B005ZTFPFQ|5.0|it crealy states one free game and the rest are 99 cents. u r the same people that get viruses cuz u dont read and just click away.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Unlike most Android apps which are hideous. This app is polished and works great. Every bit as good as its iOS counterpart. Highly recommended!
B005VR9328|2.0|Not good. I've read all kinds of reviews, some good, but this CD was a complete waste of money. Only 1 or 2 songs I can manage to listen to before skipping...
037582913X|5.0|My sister and I probably read this book a hundred times when we were little.  When this long-forgotten favorite popped up on my recommdendations I had a total flash back to my childhood and immediately ordered a copy for my nephew for Christmas.  I'll admit, I did read it a couple of times before wrapping it.  This one is a gem!  Hopefully it will be a favorite for another generation.
B006KNDV5W|5.0|I realize producers hope a show will return when they close the current season with a cliff-hanger, but in this instance it only serves to be a frustrating end to a series that never went on past the final episode of season #5. I don't want to see Primeval: New World; I want to see what happens to the characters established in the original series and, at least, some resolution to this latest plot line - obviously the writers had something in mind for these people and I'm interested in following through to a satisfying conclusion.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I am so addicted to this game it's not even funny lol I play it all the time :) Spider is an awesome app for android I don't know what I would do without it.
B0012IWNTA|5.0|Discovered this DVD while eating in a Vietnamese restaurant in San Francisco! They were playing this DVD of the British Group Take That, which I had never heard of. After watching the video, and falling in love with Take That, I ordered this concert video. It is just breathtaking! The music is great, but the visuals on this DVD are really spectacular. It's a great way to get a taste of this group for anyone who has not yet discovered them.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|These are awesome, sound quality amazing, can't hear a thing outside when im using them simply one of the best headphones, I use them to mix and monitor music
B0040QYROA|4.0|Of all the great silent films, few approach the curiously hip appeal of director Fritz Lang's futuristic 1927 German classic. It was the \\"Cleopatra\\" or \\"Heaven's Gate\\" of its day, nearly bankrupting the studio--Ufa--that produced it. Yet its influence, principally in Lang's extraordinary visual design, has been monumental. More than 80 years after its release, \\"Metropolis\\" remains the \\"Citizen Kane\\" of the science-fiction film.<br /><br />Despite its influence on such movies as disparate as \\"Blade Runner,\\" \\"Dr. Strangelove\\" and Charlie Chaplin's \\"Modern Times,\\" some present-day audiences may yet agree with the famed British author H.G. Wells, who called it a \\"most foolish film.\\" Its campy, ponderous absurdities are no less apparent in a historic new edition, which adds 25 minutes to the extant two-hour version first released in 2002.<br /><br />Like too many cinematic milestones, \\"Metropolis\\" has suffered a long and torturous post-production history. Originally 2 1/2 hours at its Berlin premiere, it was almost immediately hacked down by its American studio backers (principally Paramount) to 90 minutes for international release. But like any good Hollywood monster, the film refused to die. It's been resurrected several times, most notoriously in a 1984 pop version by music producer Giorgio Moroder. The latest reincarnation comes amazingly by way of Buenos Aires, where archivists in 2008 unearthed a scratchy 16mm print that's as close to Lang's original as exists. That print, digitally cleaned up and married to an existing 35mm master by Germany's Murnau Foundation, has produced a 147-minute \\"Metropolis,\\" which premiered at the Berlin Film Festival in 2010....<br /><br />(Entire review at deepintomovies.blogspot.com or on Facebook as Deeper Into Movies.)
0670022705|5.0|\\"Eli was ninety-eight years old, and his eyes were so dim that he could not see.\\" -- 1 Samuel 4:15 (NKJV)<br /><br />Let me address right away the objections that some will have to this outstanding resource:<br /><br />1. The photographs are often dim and unclear. Yup. That's true. But the point of the book is to tell the story of the objects, not to highlight them as things of beauty as might be the case for a painting or a sculpture.<br /><br />2. The electronic version costs a lot more than $9.99 and is almost as much as the hardcover. Yup. I thought that hardcover was inexpensive for what it is. Buy that one if you don't want to spend a lot for your Kindle.<br /><br />If you get past those problems, I think you'll love this book. It's like having several of the world's top authorities on each of 100 objects tell you deep meanings that you wouldn't grasp by visiting the British Museum on your own and staring at the objects.<br /><br />I was very impressed by the selection process, finding objects that convey interesting information at several levels. For instance, an object might tell you something about who made it and how it was used. These objects also have significance in terms of where the elements of the object came from (frequently indicating long-distance trade that you probably wouldn't have expected). Further, aspects of the objects may also reveal something about common human instincts that show up in many different cultures at about the same time. In addition, you get a sense of chronology that you probably didn't know in terms of what each civilization was doing at the same time.<br /><br />While it would be nice if 100 objects would tell all of human history, that's frankly impossible. A more accurate title for the book would probably be something like \\"Multicultural Dimensions of Human Experience Represented in 100 Objects from the British Museum.\\" So don't let the title lead you to make unrealistic assumptions about the book.<br /><br />To me, a handful of the objects were so fascinating that I would have felt rewarded simply by having those few pages.<br /><br />Here are my favorites:<br /><br />--Olduvai Handaxe<br />--Swimming Reindeer<br />--Ain Sakhri Lovers Figurine<br />--Jomon Pot<br />--Jade Axe<br />--Rhind Mathematical Papyrus<br />--Minoan Bull-leaper<br />--Mold Gold Cape<br />--Chinese Bronze Bell<br />--Ceremonial Ballgame Belt<br />--Sutton Hoo Helmet<br />--Maya Relief of Royal Blood-letting<br />--Vale of York Hoard<br />--Kilwa Pot Sherds<br />--Ife Head<br />--Taino Ritual Seat<br />--Tughra of Suleiman the Magnificent<br />--Ming Banknote<br />--Jade Dragon Cup<br />--Mechanical Galleon<br />--Kakiemon Elephants<br />--Akan Drum<br />--Hawaiian Feather Helmet<br />--North American Buckskin Map<br />--Australian Bark Shield<br />--Jade Bi<br />--Hokusai's The Great Wave<br />--Suffragette-defaced Penny<br />--Russian Revolutionary Plate<br />--Throne of Weapons<br /><br />When you get the book, see what you think.<br /><br />I particularly liked the way that commenting scholars were selected who should have a superior cultural and historical perspective on the objects.<br /><br />One of my sons and his wife work in a well-known museum. I've recommended the book to them as a way to gain perspective on how to tell a collection's story in more complete and compelling ways.<br /><br />Bravo, Director MacGregor!warded simply by having those few pages.  Here are my favorites:  --Olduvai Handaxe  --Swimming Reindeer  --Ain Sakhri Lovers Figurine  --Jomon Pot  --Jade Axe  --Rhind Mathematical Papyrus  --Minoan Bull-leaper  --Mold Gold Cape  --Chinese Bronze Bell  --Ceremonial Ballgame Belt  --Sutton Hoo Helmet  --Maya Relief of Royal Blood-letting  --Vale of York Hoard  --Kilwa Pot Sherds  --Ife Head  --Taino Ritual Seat  --Tughra of Suleiman the Magnificent  --Ming Banknote  --Jade Dragon Cup  --Mechanical Galleon  --Kakiemon Elephants  --Akan Drum  --Hawaiian Feather Helmet  --North American Buckskin Map  --Australian Bark Shield  --Jade Bi  --Hokusai's The Great Wave  --Suffragette-defaced Penny  --Russian Revolutionary Plate  --Throne of Weapons  When you get the book, see what you think.   I particularly liked the way that commenting scholars were selected who should have a superior cultural and historical perspective on the objects.   One of my sons and his wife work in a well-known museum. I've recommended the book to them as a way to gain perspective on how to tell a collection's story in more complete and compelling ways.  Bravo, Director MacGregor!
B0042MDAL8|2.0|I don't believe I ordered the French or Spanish edition of Eclipse, however that's what it reads on the box and case i received. Unable to tell whether it's in a widescreen format as well. I guess I shoud've got the French and Spanish Rosetta Stone as well. This disc is clearly from Quebec, Canada. I just hope this editione speciale works cause it's for my girlfriend who is not French or Spanish. Lesson learned...Do not buy from Optishopper, LLC even if it's fulfilled by Amazon for shipping.
0140277447|4.0|This is a deeply disturbing book to read. Chang writes in a highly charged prose, where her emotions and deep resentment often take precedence over her factual research. This is a pity. Her effort is invaluable, she has exposed an Asian holocaust to the world. But her credibility is tarnished by her exaggerations. Not that these exaggerations change much in terms of the basic message she is trying to convey: there was a horrendous rape of Nanjing, the Japanese should acknowledge it and the world should know about it. I was flabbergasted when visiting the Yasukuni shrine in Tokyo: there, in the war museum, a panel lets visitors know that in Nanjing the Japanese authorities did not perpetrate any massacre, only some Chinese soldiers who hid under civilian clothes were dealt with severely... Amazing that democratic Japan would still have this nonsense up in one of their most famous museums in 2011.<br /><br />Nonetheless, Chang's case would have been stronger had she avoided hyping hard facts which are so stark and crude they did not need any hyping. In any case, this is a must read for anyone interested in the Japanese campaign in China in the 1930s.
B002JCSWV6|4.0|During his 27 years in prison, Nelson Mandela regularly turned to a poem Called Invictus, and found profound inspiration.<br /><br />During his time as President he continued to turn to this poem, and knowing it by heart, wrote it out long hand, and to the Captain of the Sprinboks passed it, who found profound inspiration.<br /><br />During my life, I found profound inspiration in Nelson Mandela, and if a man can live in the unfair divided regime called apartheid, can spend so much time in prison, and emerge wise instead of rancorous, and can become president of a nation so divided, it raises the bar of human possibility, and inspires us to do better. If Mandela can solve the unsolvable problems of South Africa, if the Berlin Wall can fall, then cannot my own country's problem be solved, could there be peace in Nothern Ireland. All of these things which once seemed impossible have come to pass.<br /><br />And Invictus the movie invites us to see Mandela in elegant action, uniting a divided nation, averting civil unrest and civil war, reviving the sport of apartheid (rugby), saving the Springboks from being disbanded, and playing a pivotal role in inspiring their triumphs.<br /><br />Clint and Morgan, between them have won numerous Academy Awards on their previous collaborations. Morgan Freeman won best Supporting Actor for Million Dollar Baby playing Clint's sidekick, and played Clint's sidekick in Unforgiven.<br /><br />Morgan Freeman impresses as Mandela, who he knows personally, and does an outstanding job. As much if not more is conveyed through a nod, a gesture and a facial expression than through words. Matt Damon impresses as the Rugby Captain. Having played rugby myself, he totally convinces in his body language and movement as a rugby player.<br /><br />Clint Eastwood does an impressive job outside his normal territory and familiar genre, making the rugby scenes very true to life. Usually the cameras are off field, here they are up close and personal in the thick of the action.<br /><br />My one critique of the movie is that it lacks something Hollywood likes, namely the conflict, drama, and the hubris of the characters.<br /><br />In Changeling for example, Christine Collins has to overcome great adversity, and transform from a mom mourning her missing child to an activist, even being committed to a psychiatric hospital because she disagreed with the police captain.<br /><br />In Invictus, the great Nelson Mandela adversity has already happened before the events of this movie happen, so the great dramas of his life remain unexplored, and the drama of his wife Winnie being charged with murder also remains unexplored. A quality movie made about all that, would surely win many awards.<br /><br />Invictus remains a great movie, it's funny sometimes, it's gripping, it's inpiring, it's even exciting. Although it's Morgan Freeman's movie, it's Eastwood's humor that's pervasive. It's a slice of Mandela, but not the whole cake.<br /><br />Trivia. Watch out for the other Eastwoods, Kyle scores the music. Scott, scores the winning points, and plays No. 10 for the Springboks. Invictus means, unconquerable, invincible. I hope this was helpful to you.s that it lacks something Hollywood likes, namely the conflict, drama, and the hubris of the characters.   In Changeling for example, Christine Collins has to overcome great adversity, and transform from a mom mourning her missing child to an activist, even being committed to a psychiatric hospital because she disagreed with the police captain.   In Invictus, the great Nelson Mandela adversity has already happened before the events of this movie happen, so the great dramas of his life remain unexplored, and the drama of his wife Winnie being charged with murder also remains unexplored. A quality movie made about all that, would surely win many awards.   Invictus remains a great movie, it's funny sometimes, it's gripping, it's inpiring, it's even exciting. Although it's Morgan Freeman's movie, it's Eastwood's humor that's pervasive. It's a slice of Mandela, but not the whole cake.   Trivia. Watch out for the other Eastwoods, Kyle scores the music. Scott, scores the winning points, and plays No. 10 for the Springboks. Invictus means, unconquerable, invincible. I hope this was helpful to you.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|the app is a great tool for organizing thoughts and keeping track of ideas whether you're on the go or on separate devices. must have!!!!!
1439181780|5.0|After being on my spiritual path for years (and years) and reading many wonderful spiritual books to aid me on my path I have found this book to reinforce a FEELING that LOVE is all there is and that the FEELING is the secret.  May all who choose this book be as blessed as I feel I have been after reading The Secret:  The Power
B005V1WZ10|4.0|I'm going to try to be as objective as I possibly can in this review. But I have to tell you straight up, I knew absolutely nothing about this album before listening to it. I had no idea a new album was being released until I saw it sitting there on the shelf in the music store. So I heard nothing about any new sound. But what the heck! It's Korn. Korn's one of the few groups I'm prepared to buy an album on faith.  So I put the cd in the player in my car, expecting some great Korn nu mettle and instead got...I guess the term for it is \\"dubstep\\" though it reminds me a lot of industrial rock...I felt like I'd been rickrolled.  I'd imagine it was like buying a Kid Rock album expecting some heavy hip hop and instead getting country. It simply was not the genre I was expecting from one of my favorite groups.  However, the music is good. It's a genre that, if it had come from any other group, I would not have minded in the slightest.    But coming from Korn, I'm of two minds. It's good music in an industrial vein, so I can't objectively score it too low. But it seems Korn has abandoned its nu metal roots which has me sadly disappointed so that I emotionally can't score it too high.  So, imagining most people couldn't care less about my little soap box, let me sum up what this means to you.   If you want some good music and if you like this \\"dubstep\\" genre, this has some very good music. I'm sure even I will get used to it given a few listen throughs. It's a good cd with good music and objectively, I'm going to have to give it a decent score.  But if you're a long time fan of Korn, before buying this, you need to realize they've strayed very far from their nu mettle roots and you're going to need to keep an open mind to the fact that this is not the Korn you're used to. If you can't do that, you may want to stay away from this album.
B00632HWOG|4.0|The app works flawlessly on my Kindle Fire allowing me to obtain my emails on the go.  No problems so far, and I use it daily.
B0058P4QY8|2.0|As a long-time fan of Sherlock Holmes stories, I was delighted to find this collection for the Kindle.  It's inexpensive, contains original illustrations, and has most of the Sherlock Holmes stories--what's not to like?<br /><br />However, as I began reading, I found this version to be riddled with editing errors.  Most are merely distracting typos, but some verge on the absurd--e.g \\"'It sounds high-flown and absurd, but consider the fats!'\\" (sic).
B004SMDJ9U|5.0|Love the show, and the item was received quickly and exactly as promised.  Not sure if I could have gotten it quicker by driving to the store myself.
0061537969|1.0|I probably would have thrown this book out after a chapter or three, but was on vacation, someone had lent it to me, and it was easy enough to finish in a couple days. It's certainly light, accessible reading, if that's what you're after. Nothing wrong with that, either, except in this case the pandering sentimental manipulation is so crude and obvious it made the whole book seem fraudulent to me--I'm not sure which would be worse, if the author's emotional string-yanking were just a cynical ploy or if he really is this big a sap, his taste wholly shaped by the very worst \\"crowd-pleasing\\" tear-jerker films and books.   I like a good cry as much as the next person, but it has to be EARNED. And nothing in this book felt real, not the hero's pursuit of his conveniently glamorous \\"dream\\" (to be a world-class sportscar racer), not the ridiculously one-dimensional villainous in-laws and teenage tramp who want to take his only child away. And definitely not our narrator, a dog in name only: This is one of those works of fiction in which the subject (usually an adorable precocious child) acts reasonably like what they are when that's cute and convenient. The rest of the time they recite life wisdoms and spout fun facts just like...well, a lazy author with several books of \\"Chicken Soup\\"-like inspirational quotes and all of Wikipedia at his fingertips. Enzo the Dog might just as well be the family's goldfish, cat, the Ghost of Christmas Past or an all-purpose guardian angel, for all resemblance his behavior and thoughts bear to any actual canine.   Like a lot of people no doubt I was attracted to this gimmick, having enjoyed other novels with extremely offbeat p.o.v.'s (from Virginia Woolf's dog book \\"Flush\\" to the Asperberger's-related \\"Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time\\"). But those books actually did the hard work of understanding and thinking from a perspective very alien to most of us. Garth Stein just uses Enzo as a puppet, one he sticks his authorial hand up in order to lip-synch his own warmed-over homilies and narrate the book's cliched melodramatics. I can see why some folk would respond to \\"Art,\\" but to me it was a routinely crafted exercise in phony bathos that sells out its own main selling point.
B005ZTFPFQ|1.0|One game and offers to sell you every other game ever made by Atari.  I added the app and shortly thereafter deleted it.
B003Y3AZSW|4.0|This is the first time that I have shopped at Joseph Joseph.  I am very happy with the chopping boards. I like the different colors.
B004T4LUPW|4.0|I use this calendar app daily, and so far it has worked well and without issue on my Kindle Fire.  I deleted a few others that I tried, because this one worked better by far.
0307949486|2.0|This has been sitting on my Kindle for over a year, I start reading it, get board, read something else, go back to it, get board, go read something else, etc.<br /><br />The new US movie preview looks darn good, so I decided I HAVE to finish reading it before I see the movie.  What a yawn.  I'm at 55% done and just now the Author has met the Girl.  55%.  That first 55% The Girl is barley in it, except to have some really trite set-ups and a pretty horrible incident happen to her, The incident is set up, happens, then is wrapped up with a nice like bow so quickly I'm scratching my head wondering why the book is named after her.  The majority of what I've read so far is a bloated, long, boring family history that seems to mention a thousand different people in passing making it really hard to keep track of who is who.  It took about 50% of the book to even get on with unraveling the Harriet mystery, which so far I could care less about and just want things to get going already!<br /><br />I'm plugging along, and will update with my 2 cents when I'm done reading, but so far this book needed a better editor and someone to tell this author how to actually \\"character develop\\".<br /><br />**UPDATE**  Well I finally finished it.  OMG lame.  Sorry.  I am really fighting to not post all the plot points I though were just horribly written, stupid, or just plain not plausible, because I don't post spoilers, but wow.  For a vague example:  Dude goes on hunt trying to find person in photograph.  He goes over here.  Talks to 5 people (described in detail).  It's suggested he should go over there.  Dude goes over there, talks to 3 people (described in detail).  No luck.  Then he goes over around the corner.  Talks to more people (described in detail).  50 pages (it feels like) later he gives up and goes home.  Enter magic dragon girl, plink bam boom, 3 sentences later she has it solved.  But guess what? It's not a clue after all but a dead end that is never mentioned again!  She haz teh clever!  I'm like, wait, what?  I just spent 2 hours of my valuable time reading about villages I can't pronounce, meeting characters that don't matter, slogging thru details about factories and shops that don't exist all trying to find person in photo that can't help... and it has no bearing on the plot except to show us how magic the girl is in three whole sentences?<br /><br />Lame.  It's almost like the author spent so much time writing threads and didn't know how to write himself out of certain plot points so he used magic dragon girl as a get-out-of-jail-free card.  And maybe it'll all work if the book was named after her.  Right?  Right?<br /><br />Maybe some of the dialogue and descriptions didn't translate very well from Swedish to American or something and I'd \\"get it\\" much better if I read it in it's native language.  Or maybe this got so much acclaim because the author died shortly thereafter.  Or maybe it got all the hoopla because the Author's life was more interesting then this book.<br /><br />Either way, 2 stars because I did finish it.what?  I just spent 2 hours of my valuable time reading about villages I can't pronounce, meeting characters that don't matter, slogging thru details about factories and shops that don't exist all trying to find person in photo that can't help... and it has no bearing on the plot except to show us how magic the girl is in three whole sentences?  Lame.  It's almost like the author spent so much time writing threads and didn't know how to write himself out of certain plot points so he used magic dragon girl as a get-out-of-jail-free card.  And maybe it'll all work if the book was named after her.  Right?  Right?  Maybe some of the dialogue and descriptions didn't translate very well from Swedish to American or something and I'd \\"get it\\" much better if I read it in it's native language.  Or maybe this got so much acclaim because the author died shortly thereafter.  Or maybe it got all the hoopla because the Author's life was more interesting then this book.    Either way, 2 stars because I did finish it.
078689136X|2.0|I am a huge fan of the TV series so I forced myself through Heat Wave. I thought the experience would be better with this book but was greatly mistaken. While the story itself is OK, I constantly rolled my eyes at the inconsistencies, poor wording, and horribly obvious plot devices (including deus ex machina).  <minimal spoiler> In one section Nikki Heat is captured and towards the end pulls out a gun from under her jacket. Why would the captor not have removed it when she was unconscious? It would have been simple for the writer to place the gun somewhere else that she could have discovered through her escape. <end minimal spoiler> This just shows a lazy writer.  The book is filled with abbreviations that make no sense to me and the context didn't help much. This book seemed to have been written for a solely New York audience. What is a 1 train? What is the UN and FDR (I believe from watching movies that the FDR is a highway or bridge of some sort?) This is the same with technical jargon. There is no effort on behalf of the writer to explain what the jargon (isosceles stance?) or abbreviations mean. Even just a few words would help.  This is in contrast to the description of characters and the scenery. They offer little but take up a lot of ink. There is no action during the description to keep the story moving even a tiny bit. It felt like I was taken out of the story, had a scene described in detail, then dumped back in. The flow was terrible.  My biggest problem however was the obviously poor research in certain aspects. The combat fighting for one appeared to be written by someone that only knows how to fight from watching 80s movies. As someone that trains heavily in martial arts I was constantly peeved at incorrect fighting methods and blatantly useless techniques. The writer should have at least watched professional fighters to get a sense of what actually works.  The Nikki Heat character felt like a sex crazed whore at times. For a character based on Detective Beckett she shares little of her qualities. The sex seemed like it was added in as the writer didn't know what else to write about.  This book seems to have been written in a rush to ensure it came out in a certain time frame to tie in with the TV show. It would've been better to have this made as a Castle episode rather than a poor tie-in novel.
B000V5SIFS|5.0|I didn't watch DS9 too much when it was on TV, though I was/am a huge TNG fan.  I'm rectifying that now that these are free on Amazon Prime and this and the first episode are really incredible.  The character development for Kira was fabulous and the actor who played the Cardassian did a wonderful job.
0439023521|5.0|I started the series because I was really interested in the movie. I always read books before they release it in theaters. But I heard many great things about the series from all my blogger friends, so a few weeks ago I bought the entire box set.  The Hunger Games surprised from the first few chapters. This world Collins has created was so creative that you can imagine this world of 13 districts.The writing was beautiful, it really got me into her novel and the world of the Districts. I couldn't put it down once the pace of the Capital came into view.<br /><br />During the first part of the book, when they were picking the Tribunes, it was soo sad when out heroine Katniss sacrificed herself for her sister when Effie pulled out the name. This moment was presented perfectly and as the reader, it showed us how they were all chosen.<br /><br />The setting was mainly taking place between District 12 and also in the district Panem, Collins described this as the future of The United States. The weapons and creatures in the books were the main items in which the weapons were to help support the Tribune. After reading the whole Games scene you can see that this is no ordinary world of the future, it was a death sentence.<br /><br />I loved all of the characters in this book! Katniss Everdeen is one of the strongest characters I have ever read. She is stubborn, doesn't like following the rules, but she know how to survive in the wild. At the beginning you can really see that she is the provider in the family after her father passes away. Katniss hunts and uses the basic knowledge of survival to help her during the Games. Gale is her best friend at District 12, and he hunts with Katniss every Sunday. He is the other male character in her life. We dont get to know much about him in this book but I sense we shall see more of him soon!<br /><br /> Peeta Mellark..... how you are one sweet boy! He is the other Tribune to District 12. What I love about Peeta is his humor and how he interacts with with Katniss. He is the son of the baker, is not serious about the Games, but is willing to sacrifice his life to help save Katniss. He was one great character to read about. I was always looking forward to his parts in the book because you can see that he does harbor feelings so a special someone and he balances her and he does support her.<br /><br />My journey of The Hunger Games was fantastic! Everyone needs to read this series, and it must be because everyone is talking about this book and the upcoming movie, which looks awesome. If you haven't read this series, you must start it, its worth it. Fast paced love, action, battle and when this romance is discovered, you will want to read the next one. Be sure to have the next two books next to you after you read this AMAZING series.interacts with with Katniss. He is the son of the baker, is not serious about the Games, but is willing to sacrifice his life to help save Katniss. He was one great character to read about. I was always looking forward to his parts in the book because you can see that he does harbor feelings so a special someone and he balances her and he does support her.<br /><br />My journey of The Hunger Games was fantastic! Everyone needs to read this series, and it must be because everyone is talking about this book and the upcoming movie, which looks awesome. If you haven't read this series, you must start it, its worth it. Fast paced love, action, battle and when this romance is discovered, you will want to read the next one. Be sure to have the next two books next to you after you read this AMAZING series.
B004SRWW0C|5.0|I recently acquired this app, and find i can't do without it, if only for the write capability into system files...but i have a specific reason for writing this review.    In this review thread, i'm noticing a lot of friction concerning the speed of, or the complete lack of updates for amazon apps..while i personally haven't had a problem with app updates from amazon, there IS a specific feature only amazon has right now, which makes it worth it all for me..    I had specific problems with my phone which required me to reset my phone to factory specs, without the benefit of having backed up application files to reload. As a result of this, I had to go back to both google android market and amazon appstore, to attempt retrieval of my old apps..Only amazon is ready for me to reinstall my old apps, no matter how many times i wipe and delete them from my phone.    Not so with google, who first cancelled downloads of paid apps, then automatically directed me to install previously downloaded apps to another device..with google its a one-shot deal...something i find kinda strange, for a site that knows exactly what the status of your phone or device is...that synching your device does with google is telling google everything you do with that device.
B000TERK3C|4.0|After hearing a few Radiohead songs on Internet radio, I decided to go ahead and purchase an album. Amazon offered a great deal on this one, and I was not disappointed! Once I started listening to The Bends, I could not stop. The ablum flowed really well and each song kept me interested. Well worth the buy!
B006C45MRE|5.0|So glad to have found this film and read the reviews. It  is not what I had expected - it was much much better.  This is a truly original story line, and completely entertaining.  Hope you take the time to watch it!
B004MC8CA2|2.0|How come every time I try to scroll down with this app using my tablet, it force closes on me?  I am not able to read all chapters of a book.  Is this supposed to happen?  If so, this app sucks!
B0063IH60K|5.0|great game to play.  I like it on the kindle because it is easier to read.  it is my favorite game so far.
B005LL4U54|5.0|Silent films are a bit of an acquired taste for modern audiences, but from the advent of \\"movies\\" as we understand them in the early 1900's to about 1930 or so, \\"talkies\\" were essentially unthinkable.  Silent films were all about image--the grand gesture, the longing look, the outstretched hand.  There was no dialogue to distract the viewer from the visual medium, but there was...Music.  Glamorous, dazzling music, sometimes--sometimes orchestral in sweep, sometimes tinkly and small; sometimes designed to be played live with the picture, sometimes integrated into the film, but always providing that auditory link to the emotional life of the characters the helped to hook the audience.  Ludovic Bource has clearly inhabited the soul of the scores from the 1920's to early 1930's with his grand, swashbuckling gestures and his swaggering jazz era numbers.  This score is, above all things, gorgeous to listen to, full of memorable tunes and generous melodies.  From the toe tapping, Gershwin channeling \\"George Valentin\\" to almost Puccini-esque evocation of \\"In the stairs\\", from the lush \\"The Sound of Tears\\" to the dance hall jazz of \\"Peppy and George\\", this is a treat for the ears.  Playing \\"spot the influence\\" is fun, but above all, Bource has created his own original take on the era, inspired by but not a copy of those wonderful silent film scores, inventive and playful, and a joy to discover.
B00004SU5J|5.0|This is a super background music CD with a lot of Energy. My favorite track is \\"So Flute\\". Higher energy than Thievery Corporation, more Greyboy-ish.
B005ZHB84U|5.0|I've been loving Hans Zimmer soundtracks since I heard and was swept away by the Lion King.  Since then, there have been a lot of phases of Mr. Zimmer's growth as a composer.  Recently, he has had something of a creative renaissance, and I am happy to say that Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows is really quite inventive, yet still firmly grounded in that melodic sensibility and urgency that makes a Zimmer soundtrack so good.  The off key piano in the opening phrases of \\"I See Everything\\" is merged skillfully in an uneasy duet with trembling strings, giving a sense of delightful unease and dread, mystery and excitement.  And from that moment, the soundtrack doesn't let up.  \\"Shadows\\", a three part meditation on an ominous theme, becomes wonderfully creepy as you notice a watch ticking ominously in the background.  By the time \\"Shadows Part 3 (Chess)\\" comes on, you are on the edge of your seat, about to crack with tension.  Percussion and glockenspiel stabs burst forth and then are retracted as if the threat has suddenly retreated around a corner. \\"Romanian Wind\\" takes, of course, a traditional sounding Romanian violin/fiddle figure and develops it with a flute(!) into a wild dance that certainly owes something to the Hungarian Rhapsodies, but more than that is just plain delightful.  It becomes so fast at the end that I can almost imagine flames rising from the bow!  The segue into the melancholy Spanish trumpet of \\"Did You Kill My Wife\\" makes for a startling and affecting contrast, but the wild fiddle and irrepressible creativity and humor once more reappear for \\"He's All Me Me Me\\" with it's rollicking pizzicatos and swaying sawing on the strings.  \\"Moral Insanity\\" may be the emotional heart of the soundtrack, followed closely by the devastating melancholic reappearance of the Sherlock piano theme in \\"Memories of Sherlock\\".  For lovers of Zimmer and modern film music, this is a very enjoyable soundtrack full of well developed themes, original instrumentation, and beauty, but grounded in the traditional tonalism that will make it approachable for folks who just want a good listen.  Foreground or background, it stands up to repeated listenings.auty, but grounded in the traditional tonalism that will make it approachable for folks who just want a good listen.  Foreground or background, it stands up to repeated listenings.
0240808452|1.0|I purchased this book quite awhile ago and I've studied it more than a few times but I always end up frustrated and disgusted with it.  The author attempts to teach a way to conceptualize the human form by inventing imagined forces.  He evidently communicates this method successfully in a classroom setting but he hasn't written it for the uninitiated.  He substitutes a plethora of gesture sketches for missing step-by-step examples, leaving the reader to guess how those sketches relate to his process. A few arrows superimposed over a handful of sketches is a poor substitute for an illustrated, in-depth treatment that could motivate a clear understanding of his working procedure.  In the first half of the book, he downplays contours but then he emphasizes them later on.  His examples illustrating the use of surface lines to indicate volume are few and weak.  He praises the work of other artists but he doesn't show how it relates to his approach.  His overuse of the term \\"moment\\" is particularly annoying.  A moment is the tendency of a force to cause an object to rotate about an axis but the author's intended meaning of this word remains obscure by his confusing misuse of it.    The book frustrates this reviewer with its condescending tone, its obscure descriptions and its weak analogies.  I hope the author reads my review, takes it seriously and exerts a more specific and thorough teaching effort in a future edition.  The book has potential but, in its current form, it's just an opinion of the contorted, distorted sketches it contains.  For learning to draw the living human form, investigate Glenn Vilppu's approach.
0060245867|5.0|This is a classic and a wonderful read.  My grandson loves the book and can \\"read\\" it back to me.
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|I read this one slowly as each new one came out. I absolutely loved this book.  Its quick enough paced with action, drama, intensity. the last book i found i didn't like at first but absolutely loved it by the end.  These books are fantastic and no smut  highly reccomend reading!!!
B004UJAOLM|4.0|It's unfortunate that Wuthering Heights often gets lumped into the category of Victorian chick lit, because it probably has more in common with Dickens or Balzac than with Jane Austen. The various film adaptations often make much of the love between Heathcliff and Catherine, but that doesn't begin to cover the scope of this book. Wuthering Heights is no conventional romance novel. It is in fact an epic examination of human wickedness involving an ensemble cast that spans two generations over the course of almost 50 years. Filled with powerful imagery and unforgettable characters, it makes for a profoundly entertaining read.  Heathcliff, a gypsy-looking street urchin from Liverpool, is adopted by the Earnshaw family, who live among the moors of northern England at the secluded estate of Wuthering Heights. Mr. Earnshaw treats Heathcliff as his favorite, much to the consternation of his eldest son Hindley. When the father dies, Hindley seizes the opportunity to retaliate against Heathcliff, revoking his favored family position and forcing him to labor in the fields. Meanwhile, Heathcliff and his adopted sister Catherine develop a love for each other, but due to his servant status, dirty boots, and surly demeanor, she spurns him for her more elegant and refined neighbor Edgar Linton. Heathcliff resolves to revenge himself upon all who have hurt him, and the following generation of Earnshaws, Lintons, and Heathcliffs must also suffer the repercussions of his passionate vengeance.  The joy of Wuthering Heights is that there isn't a single character in the book who could be described as a good person. They are all at best selfish and petty, at worst deplorably evil. All are set on destroying each other, not through murder or violence, but by making each other's lives a living hell until one by one they gradually drop dead of sorrow or destitution. Emily Bronte's unrelenting audacity in depicting the cruelest, basest aspects of humanity is so refreshing it's a joy to read.Yet over and above its sensationalistic pleasures, Wuthering Heights is undeniably a meaningful piece of literature with an intricately constructed plot and keen insights into human nature. It offers important lessons on the poisoning effects of resentment and vengeance upon the soul, as well as the resilience of the human spirit to rise above adversity and degradation.  The one drawback of Wuthering Heights is its narrative voice, as told through the perspective of a visitor, Mr. Lockwood, which results in some rather convoluted constructions (Lockwood says that Nelly said that Cathy read in a letter that Linton wrote that Heathcliff told Hareton . . . ). The story would have been better served by a third-person omniscient perspective. Nevertheless, Wuthering Heights deserves its renown as a classic of English literature. It's a shame this is the only novel Emily Bronte ever finished. Let the chick-lit label be damned; real men read Wuthering Heights too!
B004ZN9RWK|5.0|I have this album on vinyl, and no record player now, and I like this album, and the group so much, I just had to get the CD. It is still one of the best listens in my humble opinion.
0061537969|5.0|.<br />Light reading,  happy ending,  good holiday gift.<br /><br />Narrated by a race car driver's wise old dog, \\"The Art of Racing in the Rain\\" is a satisfying tale of love and friendship.<br /><br />The book's underlying concepts will stay with you after the book is done. \\"The Art of Racing in the Rain\\" has a universal message:<br /><br />When your car, or your life, spins out of control, focus on where you want to go, not on the wall looming in front of you. \\"Your car goes where your eyes go.\\"<br /><br />Adult content.<br /><br />Kim Burdick<br />Stanton, Delaware
B00008CLOA|5.0|I have seen rave review for this all over internet. Enjoying best compiled surround music, one of the topmost rated in my collection.
0307891372|5.0|Great guide! Very detailed and providing wonderful insights and great tips! Therte's things you'll never see and do without it!  Perfect intercontinental delivery in less than 1 week !!!
B005LCYR7Y|2.0|Nostalgia overload. Cliche casserole. 600 pages of build-up and then, bam, it's over.   And the dancing - a running theme throughout the novel which serves no purpose other than bring the \\"corny factor\\" up a couple of notches.   We've got the narrator and his best gal doing some oldie dance to \\"In the Mood\\" in front of a room full of teenagers and not one of them rolls their eyes in contempt? Ah, but this was the perfect 60's, wasn't it? Teenagers here are full of respect and love for their elders - without exception.   Dancing is life. Apparently.   \\"Oh, how we danced\\", says the narrator's best gal (with a disfiguring facial scar at this point) - I thought I'd fallen into a time warp with that one - Am I reading King or Bronte?   And the cliches rolled out one after another:   The football jock with the sensitive side who wins the lead role in the school play.   His pretty girlfriend, disfigured by a facial scar (yes, this happens to TWO women).   The log that falls across the road, causing a delay that (I presume) was meant to build tension.   I could go on (and on and on - for 800 pages in fact).   I used to be a huge fan and I'd hoped that this novel would rekindle the romance between the King and I.   It didn't.
B00005AQE8|5.0|What's there left to say?  Simply one of the greatest albums of all time.  Pac recorded this in like two weeks, unreal.  Buy it, steal it, borrow it and never give it back, do whatever you gotta do.
B0061JPYX2|5.0|If you loved AMY WINEHOUSE you will also love this cd. And if you love jazz & blues as i do again you will love this cd. And please buy AMY WINEHOUSE \\"FRNAK\\" if you like Billy Holiday you will love Amy. When i first saw Amy Winehouse was on the news when she was a \\"stoned or drunk\\" so i really didn't think to much of her. However since her death i heard her music well i was hooked! I fall in love with her beautiful hunting voice. So sad she left us so you young like all the greats Billie Holiday, Dinah Washington, Janis Joplin, Jim Morrison, Charlie Parker, i could go on & on God Bless them all for music they left us.
B004LWZW7O|5.0|This is a very good movie, I saw it in the theaters and thought it was great, it is definetly worth watching.  I think that it can appeal to many people and that if you would have seen more commercials on this movie it would have been more popular.
1451627289|5.0|I LOVED this book, I LOVE SK. I didn't want it to end. It's not traditional SK, but it does include a little whisper of his younger self. This was different and it shows that SK possesses a wide range of talent. This book provoked so many different emotions for me. You can't help but love a book that can do that. For those that gave this book a 1 or 2 star rating and are so passionately criticizing SK for this book, which in my estimation, shows his evolution as a writer.  They want traditional SK, they want the bejeezuz scared out of them. That didn't necessarily happen here. The criticism comes because these people here hate change. He's evolving and these so-called \\"fans\\" can't handle it. I love the fact that SK is capable of change. Most writers just dry up. I hope SK never stops writing. I am intently looking forward to his next.
B004VF68AQ|4.0|OK, so the math doesn't quite average out to \\"four\\", but I'll take my thrills where I can get them.  Most Jane's fans probably know to approach any new material with diminished expectations, but even keeping that in mind there are two stunning new tracks on this album.  I know, the concept of \\"side closers\\" was already dated when CDs took over 20 years ago, and has even less relevance in the modern era of a la carte MP3s.  (Was this even released on vinyl?)  But yeah, Tracks 5 and 10 are a cut above everything else on here, providing an extra rush at the end of each side... er, half.    The title \\"I'll Hit You Back\\" will sound familiar to any fan who's carefully read their Nothing's/Habitual liner notes. (How much am I dating myself with this review?)  Perry used the phrase as the name of his publishing company, so God only knows how long this one's been lingering on the shelves.  It's a steady, minor-key slow burn which lets Perry's voice explode at the end.  It doesn't quite reach the heights of \\"Then She Did\\" (what does?) but it isn't half-bad, either.  \\"Words Right Out of My Mouth\\" is even better.  While Perry sings about birds swooping from the trees to literally steal his voice, the rest of the band gets down to business.  A welcome, balls-out rocker, this actually could pass as an outtake from Nothing's Shocking.  Love it.  The rest of the album is a return to Strays territory: competently-performed, midtempo hard rock that's pleasant enough but nothing you're going to remember 10 minutes after the album's over.
B005DESVPO|4.0|Anybody who is moved by the guitar tones of Jack White and/or Dan Auerbach should check out this young man's disc. That molten tone used on the track Bright Lights / Big City really lights me up! This is white hot stuff.  Check it out, you'll see!
B004X80QNG|1.0|I loved my PI on my iphone. I bought this app under the assumption that this version was exactly the same, wrong!!! This app does NOT sync to Google Calendar!! That is ridiculous!!! Now, I read all the reviews that have complained about this for months!!! I have wasted my money. PI developers need to get with the program! I hv referred many friends and family to PI. Very disappointing!!!
0060873027|2.0|I liked this book but gave it a 2-star rating because of its many flaws.  The reason I liked it was the Crichton recipe (which Preston also uses) of having a slightly credible scientific concept and then explore how badly things can turn out once the technology is in use. In this book the concept to be played with is that objects can be shrunk with only minimal changes to their molecular structure and characteristics.  Personally I see a lot more Preston in this book than Crichton despite the statement in the \\"About the Authors\\" section that ascribed most of the book to Crichton. There's just too many factual and logical errors in the book for me to believe that Crichton wrote it.  In a way this is a visceral version of an Entomologists field guide to Hawaii. It's made immediate to the reader by some questionable science that results in people that are a bit less than 2 cm tall and thus able to interact with insects in a \\"big\\" way. That's the best aspect of this book and why I enjoyed it. The descriptions of the interactions between people shrunk to one hundredth of their normal size and the natural environment is exciting and fun. Unfortunately at heart this book is just a tedious and conventional police procedural with an interesting entomology review pasted inside.  I do recommend this book but buy it with your eyes open. This isn't a typical Crichton novel.
B005XN3150|5.0|This series has me actually watching TV again. It's been too long since I've had a favorite show...especially from ABC. Once Upon a Time is the perfect blend of all things fantasy- with a storyline that has me hooked. I very much enjoy the sets, costumes and memorable characters. I would say a child as young as 10 might enjoy this as well.
0312641893|5.0|YA Science Fiction<br /><br />Even though the slipper is not glass the cover points to Cinder being a variation on the Cinderella theme.  For me that was a big part of the fun of reading this book.  I know how the Cinderella story goes and I loved how some of the book followed the original story, some of the book used a twist on the story, and some of the book went it's own way.  There are other fairy tale themes in the book as well.<br /><br />Cinder was saved, partially rebuilt and adopted by a man who died leaving her with a stepmother and two sisters.  She is a master mechanic and her work supports her family but she is a second-class citizen unloved by her family.  There is a ball coming up, she meets the prince when he needs something repaired, and the story unfolds from there.  There is plague killing person, the Luna queen wants to marry the Prince, and Cinder becomes a key player in an intergalactic struggle.  This is the first book in the series so we are left with many questions and a few answers.<br /><br />Cinder is a great character and we get to know a lot about her in this first book.  Some of the secondary characters are as well developed and some were more like cardboard cutouts.  That did not take from the story.  They were all the story needed and were what I expected because of the similarity to the fairy tale.  The plot development is smooth and filled with some surprises.  I admit that there were enough hooks that I was not surprised when Cinder's real identity came out.  This was a well-written start to a new series.  Cinder is listed as YA but I think any age would enjoy the book.  I certainly did.<br /><br />When I finished I was ready for the next book.  Since I got Cinder as an ARC and it will not be out until January I have quite a bit of time to wait for the next book.<br /><br />Feiwel and Friends will release Cinder by Marissa Meyer in January of 2012.<br /><br />I received Cinder as an ARC from Amazon Vine.
B0064TVQ5E|5.0|I really like this game!  Visually it is probably one of the better looking free games I have downloaded.<br /><br />The game gives you lots of different levels and gives you numerous lives to play.<br /><br />Fun, good graphics and best of all, it was free.
B004EPYZSU|1.0|This was one of the worst movies I have ever scene.  The plot was bad and it was poorly edited.  Maybe the extended version would fix some of these issues, but it was still relatively boring for this genera.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Thank you Fallen Tree Games, well done!  Quell now works on the Kindle Fire. This game is sooo addicting, and challenging at the same time. It keeps you entertained for hours on end. The graphics are beautiful, and the background music is very tranquil and calming.   I have finally found a  puzzle game that is not only unusual, but really makes you think.  I love this game.  It is truely 5 stars!
B005N95JA4|3.0|Wow, this is a terrible remaster of the main album. That's the bad news. The good news is that the bonus disk sounds much better and most of the new songs are worth hearing.<br /><br />I don't know if the Some Girls original tapes are poor and can't be improved upon or if the Stones just didn't carefully oversee the final production of this deluxe edition. I wasn't expecting a revelatory improvement over the original release (like, say R.E.M.'s Murmur Deluxe Edition) but I was hoping for some more bass -- any bass -- that this recording has lacked in the past. But as soon as the deluxe album's first cut, \\"Miss You,\\" came on, I knew I was in for a major disappointment. The sound was thin, compressed and no matter how far to the right I turned my receiver's bass knob, the overly bright sound did not improve. With all of the new technology available, the Glimmer Twins and Universal Music International couldn't improve the low end of this classic? C'mon!<br /><br />Still, despite the awful sound of the main disk, I give this a 3-star rating. Much of the bonus material is very good. In fact, it's some of the best new Stones material to come out since, well, the tinny sounding, bassless Some Girls.
1419702238|5.0|My 12 year old son loves Diary of a Whimpy Kid books. I think these are not just  great books for kids but for grown-ups as well..:)
B005TZFYNE|1.0|Is Rhiana supposed to be a role model for kids?  She looks and sounds like a prostitute.  I feel sorry for the people who put out this garbage.  It takes women's rights back a decade or two.  Can people be so greedy that they would hurt society by selling the subject matter she 'sings' about.  How many single teen moms will come from this>
B004LWZVZC|4.0|This film barely made it to cinema release in the UK and despite having a sterling cast and a director in Robert Redford seems to have received little attention generally on the eastern side of the Atlantic.<br /><br />Redford has always been a politically engaged individual who has made political films. He showed with the exquiste \\"A river runs through it\\" that he was confident enough with a story to take his time with it, and with the, in my view, very underrated \\"Lions for lambs\\" that he was not afraid of making films about ideas that also discuss ideas in some detail.<br /><br />These elements are drawn together in this movie which explores a dark coda to the Lincoln assasination: the military tribunal which tried the conspirators. The film focuses upon Fredrick Aiken, a former Union officer and lawyer, who is drawn, rather against his will, into defending one of the alleged conspirators, Mary Surrat, the owner of the boarding house where John Wilkes Booth met with his co-conspirators.<br /><br />This facinating story is not well known, and Redford has drawn from it clear parallels with some of the contemporary abuses of American power that wartime has brought.<br /><br />I think James McAvoy is one of the most exciting actors alive and here he delivers one of his trademark ham-free performances as Aiken. The rest of the international cast delivers fine support, particularly the great Kevin Kline, brilliantly convincing as Edwin Stanton, the War Secretary, whose single-mindedness in prosecuting the war to preserve the Union threatens the very principles of the Union in the absence of Lincoln's wise authority.<br /><br />In summary this is a thoughtful, tense and at times very moving courtroom and civil war drama that celebrates moral courage where others have focussed on the physical variety. Vastly better than most of what is available at the multiplex of a weekend.
1419702238|5.0|Cabin Fever as the newest in the \\"Wimpy Kid\\" series has been eagerly awaited by my 9 year old grandson.  It is a joy to see a child's face light up when they open a gift that is a book.  My thanks to Jeff Kinney for writing this series.
B00664AM5C|3.0|CONTAGION, directed by Steven Soderbergh, is an intensely frightening look at what really could happen should a new and unidentified virus begin to spread globally. Unfortunately, it's not a very successful film. What makes it work is its documentary-style script, which takes viewers through the spread of the virus, the reaction of both governments and everyday people, and the fear that ends up possessing the world. What makes it unsuccessful is actually the same thing - the documentary style of the film makes it almost impossible to become emotionally connected to any of the characters, most of which are played by people we know and want to care about. Because Soderbergh keeps us so detached from his characters, CONTAGION never quite jells as a truly gripping thriller.<br /><br />Gwyneth Paltrow plays Beth Emhof, whose business trip to Hong Kong ends up infecting her (and a lot of other people) with a mysterious and deadly virus. Her husband Mitch (Matt Damon), back home in Minneapolis, is inexplicably immune to the disease, and his horror at what happens to his wife and young step-son is palpable and gut-wrenching. Unfortunately, we see so little of Mitch (and even less of Beth) that it's hard to stay connected. Kate Winslet plays CDC doctor Erin Mears, and for a while we get caught up in her race to unravel the mysteries of this terrible virus. But the film jumps so methodically from Dr. Mears to her boss, Dr. Ellis Cheever (Laurence Fishburne), to World Health Organization investigator Dr. Leonora Orantes (Marion Cotillard) - and it's hard to keep up, much less get invested in these characters. On top of that, there's a very involved sub-plot about a self-serving Internet journalist (Jude Law) who mouths off about unsavory political connections between the CDC/WHO and the pharmaceutical companies, while he's trying to push a homeopathic remedy that could make him a multi-millionaire. There's also a kidnapping plot, lots of scenes of people gone amok, and a very quick resolution to the virus that is neither comprehensible nor particularly satisfying.<br /><br />Parts of CONTAGION are downright mesmerizing, and there's no doubt Soderbergh knows how to push the panic buttons of moviegoers already worried about H1N1, AIDS, and the latest strain of flu. I just wanted to feel more of a connection to Damon's Mitch, or Winslet's Erin Mears, or Fishburne's Cheever, or Cotillard's Leonora. Soderbergh ends CONTAGION with the kind of lack of closure that will either infuriate its audience or confirm the ultimate reality of its subject matter. Don't expect to find out what happens to everyone . . . or anyone, for that matter. Then again, maybe Soderbergh did us all a favor by keeping us distanced from his characters and not allowing us to actually wrap our proverbial arms around them. It's easier to forget about them that way. And this is definitely a film you won't want to keep thinking about in the wee hours of the morning.lution to the virus that is neither comprehensible nor particularly satisfying.  Parts of CONTAGION are downright mesmerizing, and there's no doubt Soderbergh knows how to push the panic buttons of moviegoers already worried about H1N1, AIDS, and the latest strain of flu. I just wanted to feel more of a connection to Damon's Mitch, or Winslet's Erin Mears, or Fishburne's Cheever, or Cotillard's Leonora. Soderbergh ends CONTAGION with the kind of lack of closure that will either infuriate its audience or confirm the ultimate reality of its subject matter. Don't expect to find out what happens to everyone . . . or anyone, for that matter. Then again, maybe Soderbergh did us all a favor by keeping us distanced from his characters and not allowing us to actually wrap our proverbial arms around them. It's easier to forget about them that way. And this is definitely a film you won't want to keep thinking about in the wee hours of the morning.
B0063IH60K|4.0|this version is the beat one of solitaire.  loads fast and plays fast and addictive. worth the time todownload and play for quick relaxation from work.
B002QGUFWE|5.0|This is a fantastic album. It is dark, fun, deep, and epic! I have been a huge GaGa fan for a while, and this album is the reason. Here is my track by track review:  Bad Romance: 5/5 - It's dark and catchy. The chorus will be stuck in your head for days, the beats in the verses are fantastic, and the whole song defines the album. It is not a typical pop record. This song, though it had a lot of time on the radio, is deeper than most pop songs today. The lyrics are dark and well crafted, her voice is strong and unique and she is incredibly creative. This was the perfect single for the album and is still my favorite GaGa song (and video!)  Alejandro: 5/5 - Powerful vocals, unique synths, a dark tone, and a great beat. This is my second favorite songs on the album. The chorus again will be stuck in your head for days! I love this song because you can hear the pain in her voice as she sings. Another highlight! I have a thing for her darker songs...  Monster 5/5 - Three hits in a row! Another dark song about a boy who turned out to be a monster. This song has a strong, deafening beat and a very strong chorus! I think this could have been a great single! The only negative about this song is that on this copy, it is censored...but it is still fantastic!   Speechless 5/5 - A very good ballad that shows her vocal abilities. This proves she is not just some fad that will fade. This song is heartfelt and sad. It has a strong chorus and I cannot stress how beautiful her voice is.  Dance In the Dark 4.75/5 - A very good song with a nice beat. I love the message: Be strong and continue to dance, even if the world tells you you are not worthy.  Telephone 4.5/5 - Probably the lightest track on the album, but it is still great. It is a fun and upbeat dance track. The only reason I wouldn't give it a 5 is because the auto-tune is a little over done. It doesn't show GaGa's fantastic voice as much as it could have.  So Happy I Could Die 5/5 - A great, dark track. It's mellow but stillupbeat, dark but still fun, hopeless yet hopeful. I love the lyrics and Her voice is great in this track!  Teeth 4.25/5 - It's a great ending. It's very original and dark. It ends the album with a bang. It's not a track that I go to but it is still a great track. I've never heard a song quite like it before.   The Fame is much lighter than The Fame Monster, but it is  still very good. I personally prefer TFM because it is darker, her voice is stronger and I also find it more original. But here is my Track by track review of The Fame:  Just Dance 4.5/5 - GaGa's break through song. It's a fun song for a party or if you need to loosen up or relax. It's a little too auto-tuned, but it is still a great track.  LoveGame 4.5/5 - It's very sexual, but I like it. It has a dark beat to it (similar to songs from TFM), The lyrics are funny, and the chorus will get stuck in your head. This is an inappropriate song for kids though...  Paparazzi 5/5 - This is a great song. It's dark and calm, but it still has a great beat. I love her voice in this song, it's high pitched and enchanting. This song is similar to the songs on TFM because it is dark and her voice shines through it.  Poker Face 5/5 - The Song that got her really famous! I love it it! It's catchy, sexual, some-what dark, and has an amazing beat that makes you have to dance. It is a great song to blast as loud as you possibly can!  Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I can Say) 4/5 - It's a cute song. She has a great voice in this one, but I  get a bit tired of it after a while.  Beautiful, Dirty, Rich 4/5 - It's different. The beat consists of drums, a bit of piano, and a little synths in the chorus. It's a great song, but not one of my favorites on the album.  The Fame 5/5 - Underrated song! It has a fun and catchy beat that makes anyone dance. I love her voice in this one and the lyrics are great too! It sums up the theme of this album in one song. I think this could have been a great single for the album, but oh well.  Money Honey4.75/5 - Similar theme to the previous song. It has a great beat as well and again, her voice shines. Another stand out track!  Starstruck 4.75/5 - It has a catchy beat but her voice is too auto-tuned. I love the chorus and the lyrics though! It is a great track, I just wish her voice was a little bit more natural...  Boys, Boys, Boys 4.5/5 - A solid song. It's not my favorite, but it is still good!  Paper Gangster 3.5/5 - I'm not a huge rap fan, so this is probably my least favorite GaGa song. It's still good, because it's GaGa, but I usually skip this one.  Brown Eyes 4.4/5 - It's a nice slow ballad. It shows her great voice. I personally don't think it's as good as \\"Speechless\\" but it is still good. It's really sweet.  I like it Rough 4.75/5 - It's not a popular one at all, but I like it a lot. I like the chorus and the beat. Also, I love the part at about 2:15, her voice really shines there! It's kinda dark and kinda out of place on the album, but I like it a lot!  Summerboy 4.75/5 - A Nice, fun, and upbeat song to end with. It has great guitar and a fun, dancy beat to it. I just imagine lying on the beach without a care when I listen to this song. It seems like it is from a happy romantic movie. I think it was a great way to end her fantastic debut album!  The Fame was a great debut for the new Queen of Pop, Lady GaGa! The Fame Monster was even better! Get this deluxe edition of THE FAME MONSTER to get both albums. GaGa is here to stay! Also, check out her new album, Born This Way! It's different from these two albums, but it is still fantastic. It is exciting to see her slow evolve into an international superstar!
B0026IUXO2|5.0|CATE BLANCHETT DELIVERED AN UNFORGETTABLE PERFORMANCE.<br />BRAV0! I WATCHED THE RENTAL NOW I WILL PURCHASE THE DVD. A PERFORMANCE I WILL NEVER, EVER TIRE OF.<br />--MARGARET OPINE
B0063IH60K|4.0|Love playing this on my new Kindle Fire. It is fast and easy to play. It gets addicting! Great way to take a break and get your mind distracted for awhile.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I buy a LOT of music... a lot, a lot... most of the time, I buy something that I like, listen to it a bit and move on, many times not even getting through the whole album before relegating it to the \\"library.\\"  This is an exception, not only have I listened to it from end to end, I have done so more than once-- many times, actually.  I wanted it, but so did my 10 year old daughter, who has been a fan of kelly clarkson since the beginning of (her) time... I fell in love with Kelly during American Idol season one, when I watched, pregnant, with that same little girl.  I love pretty much every song, but 11-17 are my favorite... \\"Let me down\\" sounds like it could have come from Paramore...  \\"Don't be a girl about it\\" is so much fun, great vocals...   Another hit from Ms. Clarkson, i like it, maybe you will too, I don't know your music tastes, but it is a nice addition to any collection.   I have it in my \\"girl power\\" folder along with Adele, Florence (and the machine), Christina Perri, and Paramore. Eclectic, sure... but fitting.  Oh, and it is not amazon verified, although I usually like buying the mp3 version, my  (apparently) old school 10 year old likes to have the physical copy... lol So we bought it from another retailer.
B005V2EVBQ|2.0|I was so excited when I pre-ordered my Kindle Fire that I also pre-ordered this so-call hard shell cover for it. I wanted something to protect it while I was traveling and I really wanted the hands-free stand for long watching while up in the air. I was immediately disappointed with the product when it arrived, even more so considering the $40 price tag at initial release. The shell itself is only decent at best. I expected a tougher shell similar to several smartphone cases. I didn't expect OtterBox, but I did expect Seidio. This was neither. It does secure nicely in the back of the case, but it still warps and twists and turns with easy manipulation. The little stand is a plastic flap. If it was the same heft and thickness of the back portion, I would be less disappointed. I'm always in danger of ripping this flap off when not secured. As a stand, it's passable. But the groove where the underside of the flap goes needs to be deeper and more rigid. To be fair, it did remain upright while I was watching it. However, I was worried the entire time. So again, it's decent but not worth $40 and still not worth the $30 Amazon is charging for it. Like many others, I agree that this is really a $20 case ($25 tops). I'm sure I'll be looking for a replacement case next spring.
B0036T31YY|1.0|This thing I won't even call it a movie. Such a waste of time. Science fiction groundhog day with no resolution. Unoriginal, stupid, what can I say. Please don't waste your time. Had to give it one star for my review. If I could give it - 5 stars I would.
0143038583|5.0|If you had told me some years ago that this would be the book that I would recommend most often, I would have said you were crazy.  I supposed I was ripe for The Omnivore's Dilemma when I picked it up; I love food, love to cook, love to eat. But I was in a stage where I was starting to view food beyond its biological necessity and capacity to provide pleasure. Curiosity spurred me.  What was I putting in my mouth and in my son's mouth?  Where did it come from?  What were the unseen costs incurred in its journey to my table?  This book answers all those questions and then some in uncomfortable, sometimes horrifying detail.  It sounds simple enough: Michael Pollan traces the origins of four meals: a fast food combo, a meal made with supermarket products labeled \\"organic\\" (there's a reason why \\"organic\\" is in quotes because it doesn't mean what you think it means), a meal made with ingredients from a sustainable farm, and a meal made from scratch - as in the guy hunts a wild boar, gathers wild mushrooms, and tries to harvest sea salt - scratch.  You find out how almost everything consumed has some form of corn in it, even unlikely products you don't eat, like batteries. Pollan takes you behind the shocking scenes of large-scale cattle and produce farming - prepare to be disgusted.  For most of the book, I felt that I never want to eat again, but then Pollan does something miraculous. By the time you finish the final course, you fall in love with food all over again. Pollan reminds you that food, in its simple and natural state, is a celebration.  How did I change? I grew as a consumer, as an eater. I heightened my awareness and gained knowledge and a newfound appreciation for what I ate. Because of that book, I modified my habits of consumption - not radically, but enough so that I know I am making a bit of difference.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I really like this game it took some getting used to but in the end it is really fun if your a fan of solitaire.
B005TBN3EU|1.0|This movie was a huge waste of time.  It's just not funny. I normally LOVE all of these actors, and I did enjoy the first movie, but this is embarrassing. I think I have a hangover.
B005I6EU48|5.0|I purchased this cover in red and I love it. It looks classic and beautiful, just like the cover of an old book. My Kindle Fire fits snugly which is a good thing. I just put my Kindle in it today, and the cover doesn't stay completely closed when it is laying flat, but I think it will once the leather binding breaks in. Overall I would highly recommend this cover, I love the classic style.
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|love harry potter series and this one lived up to the rest of the story which kept us at the edge of our chairs
B005K17RU0|5.0|I never had any problems with this app, and I think it looks and works great.  I highly recommend it!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great game! Very addictive - enjoyed by everyone from my 5 yr old to my wife! Like the &quot;winning &quot; or &quot;random &quot; deal feature.
B0036S4C6G|3.0|It's a pretty good book but as far as I can see, not Pulitzer quality. I am an avid reader and I love good novels. This one is mediocre in my opinion. The best part is the title, which relates to \\"time is a goon\\", but honestly, I thought that was kind of reaching. I never heard that reference in my life. But at least it tied the characters together somewhat. It seemed that each tried to outdo the others in how far they sunk in life in one way or another, which I suppose was an effort at real characterization. To me, however, it made them seem too dysfunctional to be believable. I am having problems determining many of their goals. I agree with the other reviewer who said s/he was having trouble keeping the characters straight- I don't think they are developed enough to make them more than names in a list, at least part of them. There are too many crammed into separate chapters and they don't take believable actions. I'm about half-way through, so maybe I am judging too soon- I guess there's still time for it to get better. I do intend to finish because it is at least holding my interest. So based on that, and the readability, I will give it a three. But still, it's gonna have to get a lot better for me to agree with the Pulitzer prize assignment. Who decides those things anyway?
B004EPYZQ2|3.0|I thought this movie started out great, but then got a little cartoonish. I liked it and at the same time wish it was a better story.
0788859544|5.0|Wonderful! My 3 year old loves it!!! It took me a long time to find this movie since it has been in the disney vault. Very happy. Thanks.
0393338827|5.0|The author strikes a beautiful balance between the typically dull world of finance, full of very complicated terminology and concepts, and a more personal narrative that helps to explain how our financial world almost collapsed and why. An enjoyable read from start to finish.
1451627289|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed Stephen King's latest novel, \\"11/22/63\\", and because I have posted critical reviews of some of his previous works as being in desperate need of an editor, I thought it only fair to post of positive review of this well executed thriller.<br /><br />I'm a sucker for a good time-travel story and will add this one to my list of the best in the genre. There is something about the creativity, the science, the challenge to the reader's sense of logic, the paradoxes and the sheer romance of time-travel that really hooks me as a reader when it's done right.  And King did it right; I couldn't turn the pages fast enough.<br /><br />But it wasn't just the plot that captivated me; I cared about the characters, especially when George/Jake got to Jodie, Texas. My mind kept racing ahead to possible outcomes - but it's futile to try to out-guess Stephen King when it comes to suspense! This is a writer who is brave enough to have killed off major characters in several of his novels - so you never know what twist is lurking on the next page.<br />So thank you, Mr. King! You are certainly not done yet!<br /><br />(P.S. King is also a master of the novella. I highly recommend his collection of four novellas in, \\"Full Dark, No Stars\\", but be warned; it's RAW. Not for kids or sensitive readers.)
B005EY2XFC|4.0|For the first time a crystal clear version of this cult classic. It wasn't a great film, the plot isn't the greatest, but because it was Brandon's final film it has sentimental value to me.
B005C9YZIM|5.0|I really enjoyed watching this series Planet Earth. I feel like I traveled around the world with BBC and saw it all. The camera and quality of video and pictures are amazing. I highly highly recommend everybody to watch the planet earth. you will be very happy you did.
B005J6LKVI|5.0|What a wonderful movie, I was riveted to my seat. The acting was first class and the story even better. I still can't believe I was allready living while this discrimination was going on.
B001BNFR6W|5.0|Great DVD addition to my collection!  Nice appearance.  Looks great on my shelf!  It's nice to have the whole collection just sitt'in around just waiting for me to pop it in the player.  Great buy!
1419702238|4.0|I am an 11 year old girl who is a proud Diary of a Wimpy Kid fan. It's a great series for girls and boys ages 8-12. But this one was a little... dry. I mean, it was good, but not much was going on. My favorite Diary of a Wimpy Kid books are the first one, Rodrick Rules, and The Last Straw. Dog Days, The Ugly Truth, and Cabin Fever were good but just doesen't compare to some of them. 3.5/5
B002Q4TKAO|5.0|Excellent DVD that every Killer's fans should have. It is worth the money even for the accoustic version of Sam's Town. Loved it.
B004SIP6C2|5.0|A complicated plot, mixing issues of racism, incest/rape, abortion, and infidelity - all wound around life in an orphanage and apple orchard. Homer, a twice-returned orphan, is groomed by Dr. Larch as his replacement, but takes off to see the world. En route, falls in love with a bomber pilot's girl-friend, while expanding his understanding of life by working at the lowest rung on the ladder - apple picker. Well done, though the title theme ('Cider House Rules') was a bit of a stretch.<br /><br />At the end, everything falls into place as the issues sort of resolve themselves.
B005SV9X22|5.0|The DVD itself is great - great sound and not overpowered by audience applause as with the Justin Timberlake Madison Square Garden DVD.  Great picture too.  Love it.<br />I'm a newbie to GaGa.  It liked the things she said.  She's an awesome person and all good things have already been said.  The Monster Ball concept is touching.  I want to go to one of her concerts!
B003Y5H4YI|5.0|While this movie started out a little slow, it certainly poured on the hot sauce real quick. I had no idea what was coming next and that my friends is why I found it an exceptional movie. You will not be dissapointed. Enjoy !
B004V5QWU2|4.0|Perfect all around but there is a momentary pause when the sounds repeat. This is a BIG irritation for me. Besides that this is an awesome app recommened for fellow over nights.
B002V091IO|2.0|Really disappointed with this book. Slow, tedious and predictable. Characters are one dimensional. Very surprised it was nominated for a Booker prize.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I love this game.  It is soooooooo addictive and a great time waster.  I have a Droid Bionic which is all touchscreen and the controls are very easy.  Love it love it!!!
B005K17RU0|4.0|No problem with the installation and it is pretty accurate. It does load a bit slowly, but it looks nice on the screen.
B005NFJAZS|5.0|I absolutely loved seeing this old favorite \\"The Music Man\\" with the fabulous performances by Robert Preston, Shirley Jones and the rest of the wonderful cast. The music and dancing is so much fun. Excellent quality. Highly recommend.
B000F8O35U|5.0|Purchased this for my daughter for christmas. My favorite disney movie of all time and wanted to share it with her. Was deliverd super fast.
0060558121|1.0|I read as much of this as I could waiting for it to get good. The result? It disturbed me so much I had to get it out of my house immediately. If you enjoyed Anansi Boys, Neverwhere, or even Gaiman's short stories, don't expect this book to measure up...I found it light on engaging storytelling and full of graphic descriptions seemingly included only for shock factor.
B005TBN3EU|2.0|Not even funny. I think I laughed twice the entire movie. Very poorly executed, unoriginal, and almost a complete copy-cat of the original. But this time around the jokes weren't funny. This was obviously nothing more than a cash cow for the studio.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Wonderful game all around. Cut the Rope really shows how good a mobile game can be. Mostly puzzle with a dash of action, Cut the Rope blends visuals, sounds, and gameplay into a fantastic whole. Pick it up, you won't regret it.
0307455874|4.0|I think that the Vice President stated that being President is not a job for On-The-Job-Training.  Well, it had better be!  I read this book along with Ron Paul's \\"Revolution\\".  In comparing the two, I realized that I agreed with everything that Ron Paul stated; and very little that the President did.  Economics, war; the president just didn't seem logical.  If this guy is in a room, and then one man says, \\"8\\" and another man yells \\"4\\", then this man adds the sum total, gets \\"12\\", and then divides this number by 2 and yells \\"6\\".  He's a mediator.  A compromisor.  With no mind of his own.  This country needs someone who is not influenced by others.  Who have been leaders who have not been influenced by others?  Well, Hitler.  Mussolini.  Mao.  So. my opinion, which is really a non-opinion, has changed.  This man is a balanced individual.  He's a lot like Ward Cleaver in \\"Leave It To Beaver\\".  He says to the senate, \\"Well, you know Beav, we all want do what is right.  Let's not drop the bomb on Afghanistan.  Let's just send over some troops.  Right, Wally?\\"  Isn't that better than Hitler?  Who was more like Eddie Haskell.  Did I spell \\"Haskell\\" right?  Who cares.  Amazon is not paying me.  The book is over 400 pages.  He's a good writer.  He's a \\"feel good\\" sort of guy.  Wants happiness in the world.  Believes in God and the planet Earth.  I would trust him as President of the United States.  YIKES!  He IS President of the United States!!!  Okay.  I just love this book.  Please don't hurt me.  Thank you.
B005SJIP2S|4.0|Formed in 1968 by bass god Chris Squire and singer Jon Anderson. They reached world wide success as pioneers of progressive rock employing an art and symphonic style. Today the band consists of Chris Squire and Steve Howe, guitar (who arrived in 1971 and became the guitar sound of the band) Alan White on drums, who joined the band in `73, The singer now is Benoit David, who breathes new life in to the classic tunes while still being faithful to the originals and finally, they are joined by Oliver Wakeman, the son of Rick Wakeman, on keyboards.<br /><br />Always known for their lengthy songs, mystical lyrics and live stage sets, this album does not disappoint. recorded live in 2009 in Lyon,<br /><br />This is a marvelous package and I was very pleased that the sound and the stage act (the set includes a 55 minute except of the concert) was still fresh and exciting. Chris Squire was and still is an exciting bass player. One of the first to play bass as a lead instrument, his sound is unique as his main bass has always been a Rickenbacker. The Rick is famous for its ringing sustain, and Squire still makes great use of that.<br /><br />Steve Howe is still one of the best guitar players in rock. His virtuosity on the instrument, both electric and acoustic, stood out and punctuated the groups classic period sound.Howe's approach was always more intricate than flash and his ability to play to and off the singers voice was astounding.<br /><br />Alan White's drumming is the thing of legend. His first international exposure came in The Plastic Ono Band in `69. besides his signature sound with Yes, he's also worked with George Harrison, Joe Cocker, Ginger Baker, and The Ventures.<br /><br />The second keyboard player for Yes was Rick Wakeman who joined the band who joined the band along with Howe in 1971 and was responsible for being one of the first synthesizer players in rock. Although Wakeman is a noted player of the grand piano, electric piano, Hammond organ, Minimoog and many later models of synthesizer, he is well known as an exponent (for a time) of the Mellotron. In June 1969, he played Mellotron on David Bowie's single \\"Space Oddity\\". It was while doing session work with Bowie that he joined Yes. On this album he is replaced by his son Oliver, who learned a lot from his father and seems to know every nuance of the bands catalog.<br /><br />Vocal duties are covered by Benoit David who has been with the band since 2008 when Jon Anderson became ill. Chris Squire is responsible for `discovering' David, a Canadian that Squire found on YouTube when David was leading a Yes tribute band, Close To The Edge (named for a Yes album). David is more than a stand in for Anderson, h brings a wealth of vocal talent and an obvious respect for the bands music.<br /><br />This `set' is, as you would expect, very good and filled with the familiar and some surprises. Excellently produced and mastered, it contains two CDs and a 55 minute DVD video of the best of the performances.The DVD also includes informative interviews. It was a pleasure to hear these new presentations of classics like `I've Seen All Good People\\" Owner Of A Lonely Heart\\" , \\"Roundabout\\" and \\"Machine Messiah\\" and also some gems that aren't performed that often, \\"Siberian Khatru\\", Tempus Fugit\\" , \\"Astral Traveller\\" to mention a few.<br /><br />If you followed and were blown away by Yes back in the 70s and want a trip down memory lane, you'll simply get lost in this collection, and if you are young and interested to learn where bands of today like Flaming Lips, Moth Vellum, Magenta and anybody playing melodic instrumental rock, got some of their ideas, then you'll love this album too. It's good to see these guys still able to excite an audience some forty-plus years after their initial impact.<br /><br />The Dirty Lowdownknown as an exponent (for a time) of the Mellotron. In June 1969, he played Mellotron on David Bowie's single \\"Space Oddity\\". It was while doing session work with Bowie that he joined Yes. On this album he is replaced by his son Oliver, who learned a lot from his father and seems to know every nuance of the bands catalog.  Vocal duties are covered by Benoit David who has been with the band since 2008 when Jon Anderson became ill. Chris Squire is responsible for `discovering' David, a Canadian that Squire found on YouTube when David was leading a Yes tribute band, Close To The Edge (named for a Yes album). David is more than a stand in for Anderson, h brings a wealth of vocal talent and an obvious respect for the bands music.  This `set' is, as you would expect, very good and filled with the familiar and some surprises. Excellently produced and mastered, it contains two CDs and a 55 minute DVD video of the best of the performances.The DVD also includes informative interviews. It was a pleasure to hear these new presentations of classics like `I've Seen All Good People\\" Owner Of A Lonely Heart\\" , \\"Roundabout\\" and \\"Machine Messiah\\" and also some gems that aren't performed that often, \\"Siberian Khatru\\", Tempus Fugit\\" , \\"Astral Traveller\\" to mention a few.  If you followed and were blown away by Yes back in the 70s and want a trip down memory lane, you'll simply get lost in this collection, and if you are young and interested to learn where bands of today like Flaming Lips, Moth Vellum, Magenta and anybody playing melodic instrumental rock, got some of their ideas, then you'll love this album too. It's good to see these guys still able to excite an audience some forty-plus years after their initial impact.  The Dirty Lowdown
0307593312|2.0|This was one of Murakami's better crafted novels of recent years (that's not saying much), but I can't help but think that he is just milking his fame for all it's worth at this point and expecting reviewers to call him a genius when he mostly is just incoherent.  The novel starts with some beaatiful and creative imagery, setting, and character development.  It builds some suspense, and a real sense of being in a slightly modified universe.  Then it just kind of rambles on repetatively for the last several hundred pages, fails to provide any real reasoning behind the characters' actions (or inactions, more commonly), and ends on a decidedly boring and hackneyed note.    His re-creation of a character (Ushikawa) from the Wind-up-Bird Chronicle is also fairly weak.  It's as if he couldn't be bothered to imagine new personalities, but he wanted to write a mega-novel so he threw old ones in.  Overall, in this novel he added to his usual passive male protagonist a somewhat interesting and well fleshed-out female counterpart(Aomame), but that's about as far as it went.  He still seems to lack the ability to present three dimensional characters that differ from his basic archetypal 'blank slate' character type.  Overall, I think he had a bunch of compelling images and perspectives to work with that excited him to start this novel, and then he pretty much stretched it thin trying to expand it into a coherent overall story.  In the end, there was no particularly compelling message in the novel.  I could read and re-read it and find hints and clues and meaning... but really I just feel like I'd be doing Murakami's work for him.  The book just doesn't deliver - either intellectually or emotionally.
B00664AM5C|1.0|This is a review of the disc itself, not the movie.  If you buy the 2disc version and are looking to take the movie with you, then the ultraviolet digital copy blu-ray is NOT the way to go.  With ultraviolet you cannot download the movie onto your device.  You have to stream the movie.  Therefore, if you would normally watch your digital copies on a portable device during a roadtrip or on a flight - you won't be able to do this with the ultraviolet digital copy unless you have continuous internet connection with a strong signal.  Also, the ultraviolet digital copies do not play on itunes; they only play via flixster, so if you're an apple person this may not be best for you.  Personally, I plan on purchasing the 1 disc version, because I refuse to pay for something that doesn't satisfy my needs.
B006H8BIIM|5.0|great game. very amusing. its easy to forget time. very challenging game. played it with my Acer tab a500 in HD mode. it improves the games graphics and presentation a lot.
B005VR9328|5.0|\\"Malik B from The Roots\\" should have been on this album. The concept of this album is similar to \\"Malik B's\\" mix tape classic \\"Street Assault\\" and his classic never really heard single\\" Mob Ties\\". \\"Malik B\\" understands the streets as well as the underworld of artist struggling  and trying to maintain with in a artsy social net of people. \\"Undun\\" is a very unique street concept and should be closely examined. You must understand the mind of \\"Malik B\\"  as well. Even though \\"The Roots and Malik B\\" are fall a part as members of this very huge band. They are combined by the minds of one another. \\"Black Thought, Dice Raw and QuestLove\\" have always callaberated,even though they are on separate parts of the globe. \\"Undun\\" is a impressive street move for the \\"The Roots\\". This is a good album. I recommend this album single \\"Mob Ties\\" and \\"Street Assult\\" from The Roots member \\"Malik B\\".It's on The Haak Blast EP \\"Speak On It\\" ,Itunes [[ASIN:B004IU8B4K Speak On It For My Nig Kanye [Explicit]]]  It's only \\"Undun\\" with out Malik B
B001IFZL50|5.0|From the makers of 'The Wire' series...need we say more?  An interesting look at the invasion of Iraq for a small group of US Recon Marines.  I've enjoyed it very much since originally catching part of it on HBO a while back.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I just would like Lucas to give us a release that contains the original version. I don't even care if he makes us buy his ex post facto artistic visioned crap along with it. Please...
B001UV4XFG|5.0|Be sure to read the books first. There are too many details left out of the movie. The movies is great, but knowing the additional details enhances it greatly.
B005F6NA5G|4.0|I thought the cd was pretty good. I was a little disappointed at the artists' song selection. For George Benson, I was expecting the songs to more upbeat. Not bad, though!
B00005JLO2|5.0|This is one of the most underrated films of all time.  It adds superlative scripting, acting and cinematography to create an amazing experience.  The critics write things like 'why doesn't it show us how to end war.'  That is just silliness- the themes of this film are centered on the timeless themes of loyalty, honor, and courage, and how they can be confused. The 'coward' is the bravest one of all.  Not all films have to fit into the simplistic 'John Wayne vs. Full Metal Jacket' spectrum of pro and anti-war films.  This one is refreshingly neutral on that tired subject, and I enjoy it every time I watch it.
B005OCFHHK|3.0|The packaging was not the usual box packaging from Amazon,which for me is more secure.Due to that the Bluray casing had some broken parts inside.The Discs are ok not broken only the casing had some small bit broken.
0062014102|4.0|It took a little longer then usual but they where concern about it sending me a prom email..In general I am satisfied.
B0057GYOA4|2.0|Unfortunately this sounds really UNPLEASANT. Super bummed as Nevermind felt like something bigger than an album to my then 21 year old ears. More like a rock revolution/youth movement. But this remaster is just bad. Really flat sounding. I realize that the details are in the midrange but it is like all the high end sparkle was sucked out of the mix and the mid frequencies were jammed in your eardrum. HERE IS THE DEAL...Get the Ultradisc version of this. It is tough to find but your ears and musical soul will thank you gladly. It sounds so amazing I can't believe I was conned into thinking there was some newfangled a/d converters that would draw more detail, more out of this classic album experience. Nobody understands what sounds good anymore. Or at the least the so called experts that is for sure. One thing, you have to give it up for the \\"DIVE\\" mastering it sounds pretty damn good. Like the ultimate version.I guess there was just too much analog mojo on those master tapes for them to ruin that sound experience. Not worth the dough I dropped on this though.
B005TBN3EU|2.0|I did have my hopes up for this movie as the first one rocked! I was disappointed because they basically used the same script, which was somewhat expected as I heard they were going to keep it similar by going by the old saying, \\"if it aint broke, don't fix it\\".  With that said, the movie was very VERY predictable. A lot of the same scenes such as waking up in a hotel room not remembering anything, another missing buddy, another wedding they're late for, another song by Stew, another bad guy who holds their friend hostage, another SOS call to Doug's wife at the beginning and end, another late entrance to the wedding, another Asian full frontal, I could go on and on. They made poor Alan's jokes and humor over the top to the point where they weren't really that funny which is sad since Alan is probably the best character.   It's almost like the original creators were in a big hurry to make No.2 that they just made the exact same movie in a different location. I KNOW it's a Part II, but it's like a re-make of the first one. It pissed me off that this movie was put off from being sold on DVD for so long like it's actually going to be worth the wait and anticipation. Huge FAIL. I heard Smurfs kicked ass compared to this.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|love this game! It's sooooo fun and addicting. only down side is I've already beaten it plus completed the achievements sooooo I need an update with more levels please! thanks!
B003NFM3JU|5.0|This movie is so wonderful. We have been watching it once a week since before Thanksgiving this year, and we never get bored of it! So much emotion in this version and the quality is amazing! You must at the least rent this movie to see why so many people love it. A holiday staple in our home every Christmas from now on! Merry Christmas.
B000O8OTNC|4.0|Light weight, works great for all my kitchen and pocket knives. Don't know how long the stone will last. Will update this review down the road. For now, it is a good product.
0385344325|5.0|This is a \\"Wonderful Adventure\\" to read! Leaves you wanting more! I'm a very BIG \\"Jack Reacher\\" fan, and each book Lee Child's writes just gets better and better!.. A for sure, must read book! Jack takes you to a plethora of \\"Who done it\\", \\"Watch your back\\", \\"Don't close your eyes\\", it doesn't end! You will quickly become a Reacher fan! A real page turner!.. I look forward to the next \\"Reacher\\" novel, I will for sure purchase the next one! Great job Lee Childs, keep giving us more Jack, to be spell bound too!  Hats off, you out did yourself, AGAIN!...
B0061JPYX2|5.0|I have always been a diehard Amy Winehouse fan and I will defend her to the death. Love her so much! I feel this really shows some of her hidden treasures. I love the original versions of Tears Dry and Wake Up Alone and the alternative version of Valerie 10x more than the ones released on Back to Black. Half Time and The Girl from Ipanema truly show her extraordinary aptitude for singing Jazz. She is so much more talented than a majority of the singers out here. Beautiful voice and beautiful lyrics. Her song-writing ability and voice surpass many singers who call themselves artists, but she should be in her own category of great. She wrote the lyrics to every song she sang that wasn't a cover. It is rare to see someone so talented in both key areas in a song, plus she played the guitar on some of her tracks. Stop judging people on their problems. She was clean from drugs years before she died. So many American artists do drugs and have drinking problems, they just aren't as publicized as hers were. No one writes full page articles on how Little Wayne sips \\"cough syrup\\" all day long, but everyone can complain about some young girl who is extremely talented, who wants to contribute to the music we listen to today, who obviously needs help, and is having some problems instead of trying to reach out to her and help her out. Anyway, I'm proud of her and I hope and pray her family releases another posthumous album in her name. I'm sure she has many songs that she wrote that are just unfinished. Maybe they should call it \\"Amy Winehouse: Lioness, Raw Treasures\\" or something to that effect. I know I would buy it. At first I thought the album was going to be good but nothing new, but I am so happy that I have it now. I can't stop playing it. I am very grateful for my godmother buying this for me! Amy was the morning of a new generation of music but now she's gone. With this album she is reborn, a little bit like Sarah Vaughan. In my heart, she can also be found. The Earth sounds her sweet sound. Now Amy flies in paradise. Only true fans will know what that references.  Love you Amy! Forever and Always! Thank you for the music you have shared with the world! You said when you started that you wanted to bring something knew to the music industry, you wanted to revolutionize the music we listen to and bring back the 60s style and YOU DID IT! Thank you for introducing me to Sarah Vaughn, Ella Fitzgerald, Frank Sinatra, Dinah Washington, Ruby & The Romantics, James Moody, Tony Bennett, Sam Cooke, The Zutons, The Ronettes, The Shirelles and many, many more and thank you for giving me an appreciation for jazz music as a whole!  Love, Chris  I highly recommend this album.
B003Y5H5HO|5.0|The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo has a rather large fan following and for good reason. The 2009 Swedish film is incredibly solid and well-acted with just the right amount of wrong. The two sequels that followed had their own uphill battles (switching directors, lower budget, etc) and weren't necessarily bad, but just failed to capture that raw emotional tenacity the original film offered. When news of a remake began making the usual rounds, there was a fairly large uproar amongst the internet community (isn't there always?), especially when it was announced Noomi Rapace wouldn't be returning as Lisbeth Salander. Most American remakes aren't directed by David Fincher though and while it isn't vastly different in comparison to its Swedish counterpart, Fincher has at least improved upon what was already a fantastic piece of cinema.<br /><br />The opening of the film was a bit unexpected. \\"The Immigrant Song\\" cover by Trent Reznor and Karen O plays over these really fluid visuals that are a bit hard to describe. Imagine the T-1000 from Terminator 2 made of motor oil or tar instead of metal and you have a pretty good idea of what to expect. It was just very different from other film credits from the rest of the year while also being very sleek, very stylish, and very David Fincher.<br /><br />The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is extremely dialogue driven, so be prepared for a lot of talking. It feels very similar to Zodiac in that sense yet more captivating. Even though I had seen the original film and knew most of the major plot points, I still found myself getting sucked into the story. Even if you hate this version of the film and your loyalty remains firmly with the Swedish film, you can probably at least agree that Fincher's version is visually the better of the two. The cinematography is just brilliant. You've gotten teases in the trailers, but the coldest winter in 20 years for Sweden looks so bloody fantastic on screen; the amazing scenery, those long drives through the snow, feeling like you're on the back of Lisbeth's motorcycle as she roars through a tunnel, and the inner shot of a plastic bag among many other things. The film is just a joy to look at from beginning to end.<br /><br />The score is also just as brilliant as the one for The Social Network, if not slightly better. Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross seem to explore territory they didn't get to explore on The Social Network score. This one seems to feature more out of tune instruments, which is an interesting touch. The score hints at rising tension throughout the film always making you feel like there's always something else to the story lurking around the corner waiting for the right moment to strike. It's haunting, unnerving, and just spectacular overall.<br /><br />Noomi Rapace was an exceptional Lisbeth Salander and with that said so is Rooney Mara. Just the amount of devotion she put into the role with the piercings being genuine, bleaching her eyebrows, cutting her hair, learning how to ride a motorcycle, using a very convincing Swedish accent, coming off as being just as messed up as her appearance lets on, and being completely nude is an incredible accomplishment. It's not out of the question to believe that a role this physical could get her nominated for best actress at the Academy Awards. The entire cast just seems like they fit their roles a bit better than they did in the Swedish film. This is one of the only performances of Daniel Craig's I can actually say I enjoyed while Stellan Skarsgård is just wonderfully demented. Then there's Yorick van Wageningen that's just downright despicable as Nils Bjurman. It doesn't seem like it's something as simple as \\"oh, you're showing favoritism towards a remake because it's in English now.\\" That isn't the case at all. Fincher's attention to detail to the source material is practically Kubrick-like. It shows in every frame of the film.<br /><br />Fincher's version also seems to feature a lot more of Mikael Blomkvist and Lisbeth Salander being together. They have more sex and they're featured together more on-screen in comparison to the Swedish version. It was a nice addition that made the slightly altered ending a lot more impactful. The whistling doors in Martin's house were also amazing. I can't recall if that was in the Swedish version or not, but it brought a smile to my face with how something so small meant so much.<br /><br />The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is obviously not going to be for everybody. It relies on extremely long discussions to drive most of the two and a half hour duration of the film. In between though, it becomes difficult to watch mostly with how Nils Bjurman handles giving Lisbeth more money and her response. Lisbeth's response will more than likely have you tiptoeing out of the theater as delicately as possible since you'll still be feeling it. With a phenomenal cast, incredibly rich cinematography, a brilliant score, and Rooney Mara's best performance to date, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is not only an improvement over the original but easily one of the best films of the year.ore sex and they're featured together more on-screen in comparison to the Swedish version. It was a nice addition that made the slightly altered ending a lot more impactful. The whistling doors in Martin's house were also amazing. I can't recall if that was in the Swedish version or not, but it brought a smile to my face with how something so small meant so much.  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is obviously not going to be for everybody. It relies on extremely long discussions to drive most of the two and a half hour duration of the film. In between though, it becomes difficult to watch mostly with how Nils Bjurman handles giving Lisbeth more money and her response. Lisbeth's response will more than likely have you tiptoeing out of the theater as delicately as possible since you'll still be feeling it. With a phenomenal cast, incredibly rich cinematography, a brilliant score, and Rooney Mara's best performance to date, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is not only an improvement over the original but easily one of the best films of the year.
1451627289|5.0|Like most other reviewers, I've been a King fan since I was a teenager back in the early 80's. I love getting lost in his books but have come and gone as a fan over the years. Some books never got me but others hooked me from the first paragraph.<br /><br />11/22/63 was one of the great ones. Once I started reading, it was hard to let it sit. This is a huge book though and not only will it build your biceps as you cart it around, it will take a little time to get through - even though it is easy reading.<br /><br />It is not 'classic' King in the horror sense but it is what I consider classic King storytelling. In other words, he has such a great way of writing like a conversation, easy going, detailed enough but not too fussy or overwritten. You know authors that do that and you just want to scream, \\"Get to the point and stop adding adjectives and metaphores.\\"<br /><br />So King has a great concept in this book. What if you had access to a worm hole that transported you back in time where you could change the events in history. Would you do it? What happens if you do? Would you try to undo all the wrongs that happen? How does your existence in that time affect the balance of the world? This is a tricky concept that has been covered before but King adds his usual twists to it by leading the very likeable main character Jake (aka George) towards stopping the assassination of JFK.<br /><br />I won't go into more details than that because I loved reading it without any foreknowledge. What I will tell you is that in his true professional style, King not only gives us great characters and stories but he has done incredible work researching the history needed to make this a plausible story.<br /><br />Not being a history buff, there were times that the detail of Lee Harvey Oswald and the events leading up to 11/22/63 were a little tedious. It seemed to slow the story about midway for awhile but it was worth getting through because the rest was phenomenal. And King really knows how to make it all work in the end.<br /><br />This is well worth investing the time in and a great addition to a King library collection.is well worth investing the time in and a great addition to a King library collection.
B004SKHJF2|5.0|This app has never ceased to amaze me when I'm trying to figure out a song and I have my phone handy. Great app!
B005H0IW6W|1.0|Should have not wasted money. We listened to 1/2 of this CD and could not endure the rest.  DO NOT RECOMMEND.  John Griffiths  Springfield OR
1612680003|5.0|Rich Dad, Poor Dad is a book that lists specific ideas that has helped Mr. Kiyosaki reach a level of economic success, influence and know how that has given Robert a life style that is comfortable to him. With in this book, you will learn the life lessons from the past of Mr. Kiyosaki's life that has made him the man he is today. Kiyosaki had been taken his economic focus, in the beginning, from his highly educated father, but economically retarded father and his friend's eighth grade drop out, yet very economically successful father. . By the age of 9, Robert had taken his economic focus and started looking towards his friend's rich father's ideas; even though Robert had taken lessons from both men. Kiyosaki teaches that a stable safe job will not make the greatest amount of money possible, but by creating a portfolio and investing in real estate, one assumes the risk of losing money; however, one also has a potential for economic success. Robert also gives different ways to make money \\"work hard for you\\" instead of you working hard for your money. This book would be good for those who are able to and want to take risks for the chance to achieve economic success that most have yet to grasp.
B005K17RU0|5.0|This app is nice, especially if you have traveled or have friends abroad. I think their database is extensive. World Class app!
B004RCUJ9E|4.0|Pretty good checkers app, and it makes for a good game to play when on the road or waiting in an office for an appointment. Overall I'm pretty glad I got this one.
B003Q6D27S|4.0|Great delivery...good flick ties up the saw franchise, but a little cheesy, could have been better, but otherwise decent flick. but personally i like better all the ones before this.
B005I6EU48|5.0|This is the coolest Kindle cover I've seen and I love it! It feels very sturdy and it looks SO classy - makes me feel like less of a traitor to my \\"real\\" books ;)<br />I haven't a clue why Amazon lists this just for the Kindle Fire! All the other sites I've checked out (including the manufacturer) specifically say it is for most Kindle devices. Go to lightwedge.com for a complete list of devices and covers they carry. They are all pretty cool!<br />There is a faint smell (from the suede on the inside I think) which is dissipating, but I actually don't mind it. I'm a big smell person and this reminds me of a comfy chair so it actually helps me get in the mood to read ;)<br />The cover is definitely sturdy enough to flip over so that you can read it with one hand, but if you're going to buy an eReader cover that looks like a book, than read it like a book I say!<br />Other than that - no surprises! It's exactly what it says it is: a sturdy, classy, quality built eReader case made for MANY Kindle devices that, I think, is very reasonably priced for what you're getting! I would recommend it to a friend, most definitely :)
B002JWD6AS|5.0|Ok, on the Twilight similarity I can imagine this as the path that Bella and Jacob would have travelled had she chosen the wolf.  However the only real paralells between the two is that Shiver is about a young girl and her potential werewolf boyfriend.  How does a book resonate so much on an emotional level that you just want to bawl in the middle of the story?  I told someone that reading this book was like biting into a slice of fresh from the oven, warm, chocolate cake! It was such a treat to read that I downloaded and read the sample for Linger (book 2) before finishing this one.  At the end of Shiver I immediately downloaded and started reading Linger.  I am now about to read Forever. I am hooked on this author's work!  Rare treat. MUST READ category!
B004W4N55C|5.0|This works just as well as the website does for tabs, it's nice to be able to open this up and riff out to a tab I just thought of rather than walking over to my computer. Now if I could find a tuner app for my phone that is good!
B00006CXSS|5.0|Exceptionally well done.  Great depiction of WWII in Europe.  Characters are real people who experienced the horrors of the war from Normandy on.  This \\"greatest generation\\" is now passing from the scene and this series helps keep their memories alive.
B0068TJLSY|4.0|I really enjoyed this movie.  If kinda reminded me of the type of films we grew up on in the 80's.  only thing I didn't like was the sometimes distracting blue streaks that the film maker is know for.  He went a little over board.  Other than that it was good and worth your time.
B004ZNB12O|5.0|Exellent.Price is right. Remastering is awesome.My favorites, less a couple of great ones.Really like these cardboard covers, as opposed to plastic.
B004SDSSFY|4.0|I'm not pushed one way or the other too much on this. It works good but has a problem when downsizing for the variance in screen size on certain documents. Overall though it's a good app.
1419702238|5.0|My grandson is not an avid reader but he loves this series. Anything that can get a child interested in reading is a winner in my book! He is 8 years old , and was excited to receive this book as a gift.
B006C45MRE|4.0|The pre-views did this movie no justice.... It was really GOOD!!!  As a matter of a fact I watched it twice.  The film is filled with great actors.  This movie is totally worth your time.  Enjoy!!!
B005OCFGTO|5.0|Harry Potter is the best movie series since Lord of the Rings...hands down.  It suffers the same misfortune of not being able to \\"fit\\" everything from the books into the movies as LOTR (and every other book-based movie ever made) suffers from, but fantastic nevertheless.  It is a journey through adolescence that every teen should experience.  But read the books first...they are better!
B004SDEP38|4.0|I'm not pushed one way or the other too much on this. It works good but has a problem when downsizing for the variance in screen size on certain documents. Overall though it's a good app.
B005Z271Y6|5.0|I am not one for keeping up with recent or popular songs and artists, but I must say as soon as I heard Adele's voice on the radio, I knew anything this woman sang would be worth the time & money. I think Adele is AWESOME!! I have her Album 21 and just purchased her dvd/cd for Adele \\"Live at Royal Albert Hall.\\" Let me tell you just watching this video will make you want to get up and dance, sing, laugh and cry. I am so glad this concert was taped. I think these dvds will sell just as many as her new \\"21\\" albums. She definetly deserves it! I haven't heard of a singer with such an amazing voice in a very long time. She is the first person that I can actually sit down and listen to the entire album without skipping songs that I don't like. She has a wonderful personality that makes you feel like you've known her a long time. If you're not familiar with her music, you need to get this video. I guarantee you'll love it! Adele is a beautiful person inside and out. It shows through her music, laughter, love and the sharing of her inner most self. Thank you Adele!
B005K0HDGE|5.0|This book may seem pricey (and it is) but the story is worth it. A man steps back into the past to change history for the better, but it doesn't want to be changed. Will he save the president? Will it be worth it?   Different from anything King has written in the past, 11/22/63 sucks you into the story. Minus the gore and horror King usually fills his books with, 11/22/63 is a very intriguing story and a little love story to go with it.   You will love it... if not, just jump back into the past and stop yourself from reading it...
B005V20JKI|4.0|One of the most addicting games I've downloaded for my Thunderbolt. It has great replay value, likeable characters and interesting game play. It would still be worth the money if I had to pay for it.
B005J0VPNC|4.0|Takes normal pictures and adds a lot of variety to them. I took some great Zombie Halloween pictures with this and couldn't be happier the way they turned out, pretty good and easy app to use.
0439023521|5.0|I was hooked from the start!<br />The plot is indeed reminiscent of Battle Royale, with a touch of reality TV, mythology and gladiators'times all in one, and it's pulled off with the very real voice of no-nonsense Katniss, a brave girl with a temper.<br />Of course the themes have been done before, but what I loved about this book is that it's both accessible (more than some classics)and it still holds some very good suspense and storytelling to get different kinds of readers riveted, young or adults. I swear I held my breath the whole time.
B006671NPM|1.0|I purchased this through Amazon before I realized Amazon had become another \\"eBay\\" (i.e. from an \\"Amazon seller\\"). What I actually received was the 3D Blu-ray disc only, in a jewel case, along with part of a page from what seems to be a catalog (\\"McD Interactive\\") stating \\"3D Blu-ray disc only, no packaging, no inserts...\\".  It's been over a week since I requested an RMA, I've heard nothing back. I guess I'm about to learn how good Amazon customer service is.
B001UV4XIS|4.0|Saw this at the cinema and at home after purchasing the dvd.  3D at the cinema didn't enhance the film at all and I enjoyed it more without having to wear an etra pair of glasses to see limited 3D effects. If you forget the books and just take the film as the final sequel it rounds everything out fairly well. Voldemort was played very well and is the reason to watch this finale for the main part but is disappointing when he turns whimp at the end. Overall I enjoyed the film.
B005Y4241K|4.0|It is not actually seeing Adele live, but this would be the next thing. I haven't gotten to the DVD yet, but the CD tracks are great. You will hear many of the favorites from her two album on it along with a cover of the Bonnie Raitt classic, I Can't Make You Love Me. While this is a live album, Adele is still front and center. Aside from audience participation on Rolling in the Deep. If you are a fan of Adele, this is a worthwhile set to pick up. Especially if you have not had the opportunity to see her live.
076115678X|5.0|I bought this for my wife who has great natural curly hair.  She used to go to different stylists and specialists for her curly hair and experiment with a lot of products for her hair.<br /><br />She loves this book.  It not only answered questions and offered great advice, it saved her a ton of money.  She's much happier with her hair now and thanks to this book, is able to manage her curls much better.
B0064NTZJO|5.0|What a stylish and beautiful, yet uncompromising and unrelenting drama.  It is a violent crime tale, but it is also a love story of rare restraint and deeply moving selflessness.  Ryan Gosling deserves a best actor nomination, Albert Brooks a best supporting actor nod.  The film itself is entirely deserving of best picture recognition.  And the director, I hope, has not exhausted his creative energies with this remarkable effort, because he appears entirely unswayed by the shallow and formulaic conventions of today's cinema.  And the music ... well, Oscars have been handed out to scores not half as good as this.
B004NJDJYS|4.0|I really was intrigued by this book.  Fascinating!  And while you hate the mom; you also can relate to her.  It's the classic question of nature vs. nurture.  LOVED it and HATED it.  Hard to put down.
B005JZBP8W|1.0|My Fair Lady is the 1964 Oscar winner for Best Picture and is one of the very best musicals ever made; it is a classic that deserves the same stellar treatment that The Sound of Music and Ben-Hur received. CBS's indifference to one of its crown jewels is an insult to the artists who made it and to the consumer who is frustrated and  being asked to pay for its substandard quality
0865478570|5.0|\\"Is that a fish in your ear?\\" is one of the most enjoyable books that I have read in a long time. The book consists of a series of essays that examine the art and meaning of translation, and its implications. Bellos discusses the meaning of the \\"translation\\" and how the use of that word shapes the typical meaningless definition of the word. He explores what we mean by translation and then gets into the art of translation.   My favorite chapter was Chapter 12: Custom Cuts: Making Forms Fit, in which Bellos takes a four line Chinese poem and takes us through twelve translation forms and iterations, from \\"translated character for character\\" through a \\"plain translation\\", then \\"adding some rhythm\\" and \\"adding rhyme\\", until we reach an \\"adaptaton, with double rhyme\\", a \\"word rectangle\\" and \\"isogrammatical lines\\".  [Typo issue removed; see below.]  Since the book discusses the broader nature of translation, errors with respect to occasional examples in various languages do not destroy the overall brilliance of the book. However, these errors made me a little nervous about how Bellos handles other languages that he doesn't know as well as, say, French. This led me to - reluctantly - take away a star.  I hope that these errors will be corrected in the next edition. And I hope that the proofreaders will get the British traffic light order correct! (Red = stop; red + amber = get ready; green = go; amber only = get ready to stop; red = stop).  Update 12/13/2011: I spoke to Dr. Bellos based on his comment below. Dr. Bellos has met with some typesetting issues with respect to non-European languages (e.g., Hebrew, Cyrillic, etc.) and he is working to get these corrected for the next edition. I have updated my review to 5 stars because I understand the pain that typesetting in foreign languages can cause. I look forward to seeing the next edition. Oh, and he has made sure to correct the Brit traffic light thing. :)
B001AQR3JY|5.0|It's been a decade and a half since I last saw \\"The Lion King,\\" and watching this movie as an adult for the first time hasn't dulled any of the sense of awe and enjoyment I had as when I saw it as a pre-teen.  I needn't sing this movie's praises here, but if even a person who isn't a major fan of Disney's films has to choose one to watch, this is most certainly the one to choose.  As one would expect from a Disney DVD, the quality of the transfer onto DVD is breathtakingly beautiful.  The only drawback is that the one-disc edition is almost totally bereft of bonus features... but one doesn't buy a DVD solely for the bonus features, does one?
B005OLF6BI|5.0|Anyone who likes Taylor Swift would love this cd/dvd.  I saw her in concert, but was unable to buy tickets for everyone who wanted to join me; when I heard that Taylor was coming out with a dvd of her entire concert from beginning to end, I was thrilled! Thanks to this cd/dvd, everyone now has the opportunity to experience the Speak Now concert from the best seat in the house.
B0050QV0RQ|5.0|I decided to buy this app for my Kindle Fire randomly and I'm really glad I did. This RPG is a lot of fun and I have spent a ton of time playing it. Sometimes, after I defeat a boss, the scene freezes, making it impossible for me to advance, thus I have to kill the boss again. Also, there isn't an auto save, so you have to remember. This app was totally worth one dollar and I highly recommend it.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Very challenging game.  When you win, you know you were lucky as well as you played well.  Great way to kill time.
B000AGTPUU|5.0|The video is awesome.  Our family enjoy watching it all the time.  I would recommend it to whom ever is considering buying it for their kids.
B00092ZMDY|5.0|This was a birthday gift for my husband.  He enjoyed watching this and thinks it is a great gift.  If you like the Eagles, this DVD is great to watch.
0393068382|5.0|Get ready to question your every assumption about the supposed 'hard-wired differences' between male and female brains, and to realize the utter vastness of your own potential. Fine leaves no stone unturned, debunking shoddy pop neuroscience in precise detail and bringing the most current research to light with panache and wit. This book is not only a fun read; the information it contains is vitally important to ridding society of some of our most pervasive and damaging myths. I'd recommend it to everyone I know.
B0067QPVD2|3.0|They goofed again not taking advantage of the opprotunity at hand, they didnt show them finding the ship or finding the alien in the ice,they did not make the alien smart enough to hide like in the original movie. people saw it take over other people...duh not scarry or suspensfull,they tie the ending in very well with the beginning of the original,it did bother me that the chick was the only one that was smart,everyone else...big dummys! a pretty good movie its worth seeing.
0553801473|1.0|After the 1st 4 books he produces this<br />was total bored the 1st 4 books i couldn't wait to finish this one was as boring as watching Parilment question time.<br />Hope the wait the next book isn't so long, cause Song Of Ice and Fire was a waste of time waiting and a waste of $35<br />Next time I will wait till i get a copy from the library!!<br /><br />George RR Martin you lost focus somewhere!
B0063IH60K|5.0|very easy to use.  like to play a little each night great app for a plane ride or road trip.
0571283578|2.0|Reading P.D. James trying to imitate Jane Austen, you realize (or are reminded) Jane Austen (1) was a really good writer, and (2) wrote with a sensibility that has aged hardly a day in 200 years.  It's Ms. James who comes off worse for the invited comparison.  Specifically, too much of the book is spent on remiscences about what happened in Pride and Prejudice, and too much of it is concerned with the doings of the servant class, for the novel to even approach Austen's standard.  On its own merit, it has a few enjoyable aspects -- the courtroom drama reveals some interesting ways in which today's trials are not like anything from the early 19th century -- but the rather crass attempt by someone of P.D. James' stature to hitch her own star to Jane Austen's sun in order to sell a few more books is off-putting.  And, while this is difficult to illustrate, it's just not as well written as a Jane Austen novel.  Find your own voice, author, and be content: you're not Jane Austen.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I can't fully express how much I enjoyed this book.  I haven't read a book like this in a long time where I literally had to force myself to put it down.  The characters were well developed and the story was awesome.  There is something in this book for anyone who reads: love, drama, action, and political struggles.  My favorite thing about this book is how much it reflects contemporary America.  TV violence is the highest form of entertainment, a reality show is the biggest event of the year, and everyone lives in fear of an all to powerful capitol.    I read this book in 2 days and the sequels in just a few more.  I wouldn't be surprised if this book become required reading for high school students.
0446547654|1.0|I have never read a Nicholas Sparks before.  After reading the sample, I downloaded the entire book. I don't know about the rest of his books, but this one is STUPID. What a ridiculous story!  That's it; never again.
B0063IH60K|3.0|smooth and quick with an intuitive interface. Also like that it does auto complete when you have beat the deck. many modes of play.
0439023513|4.0|This was a terrific and unexpected ending to the Hunger Games series by Suzanne Collins. This series varies greatly to other series targeted to young adults. This third book Mockingjay, does not provide a `they lived happily ever after' ending in the way the reader would expect. After surviving going to the Hunger Games twice, Katniss still is not safe and most appease the Capital one last time.  After being a pawn of the government for years Katniss has finally found a way to oppose President Snow's heavy hand in more than a symbolic way.  She still has little control on her destiny but begins to understand the true nature of the government that oppresses her and the rebel forces trying to overthrow it.   Suzanne Collins uses these books to illustrate the hardships of war and to show the methods a tyrannical government uses to maintain control over its people. In this book the love story from the previous two melts away to show bigger problems that involve the freedoms for a whole nation of people and not just the injustices that Katniss has had to face. This was an easy read, as were the previous two books, but its subject matter transcends the target audience of young adults and teens. I read the book in a couple of days but was not so engrossed that I refused to put down the book.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is a great solitaire game. Good graphics. Works well on my Kindle Fire. I play it all the time. Definitely worth the download. :)
0525423281|5.0|Lola and the Boy Next Door is the companion novel to Stephanie Perkins' debut, Anna and the French Kiss. And I must say...I liked it even better than the first! Lola is a spitfire character, quirky and funny and very realistic and relatable. She lives with her two dads (her birth mother comes into the picture later in a big way), and dreams of working in the fashion world. She works at a movie theater in San Francisco (with a certain girl who lived in Paris for a year--yes!) and is madly in love with her older boyfriend, Max--a budding rock star. But someone from Lola's past reemerges and shakes up things Lola had thought were long buried.<br /><br />That person? The devilishly charming Cricket.<br /><br />Cricket is tall. Overly tall, according to Lola. He's gorgeous, and sweet, and says things in this book that will make your heart melt (the story he tells Lola toward the end? *swoon*). But Cricket comes with baggage--namely, his twin sister Calliope. Cal fears what's happening between Lola and Cricket (fears it again, since these two share a semi-romantic past), afraid of being left alone if her twin falls in love. So much so that she tries to keep it from happening. But Cal doesn't realize that Cricket is already in love. In fact, he never fell out of it when it comes to Lola (I know, right?!) And he tells Lola as much, sending Lola's seemingly perfect life into a tailspin. Does she still love Cricket? What about her boyfriend, Max? Where will she end up?<br /><br />These questions and more all get answered in the best way, through Ms. Perkins' charming, witty, steamy love story. Seriously, these characters are so fun, you don't want the book to end!<br /><br />My Rating:<br /><br />Just like with Anna, I happily give 5 stars to Lola and the Boy Next Door, and can only say that if you love a book filled with fun, laughter, tears, romance, and great characters...this one's for you!
1451648537|5.0|Great writing style, I have read all of Isaacsons biographies and they are all amazing. His perspective and in depth research gives the clearest picture of the kind of man Steve Jobs was. He will be forever missed but this book will live on forever. Great read!
B0063GORYU|4.0|Addictive.  Once you try this game you will be hooked.It's super fun and better than only solitaire. I was playing until I finished with two colors.
B00005K3OT|5.0|This product was a great buy. It's very informative and educational. Makes a great gift this holiday season! Amazon has never let me down with any purchase! I highly recommend this product. Thank you Amazon for having such a wide selection the chose from.
B005J6LKVI|5.0|Buy this movie right away.  The novel was fantastic, and the movie adaptation is just as good.  I never really write reviews but I felt that this was worth typing, maybe one other person will see this movie.  Oscar noms should be coming in shortly :)
B0062NAX1U|5.0|This movie was simply AMAZING!!! The Kendricks did a great job, especially branching out with different things like following more than one main character and adding more emotional contrast, happy parts, sad parts, and places where the mood changed in a heartbeat. The story line was well put together, and though some of the actors could have been a tad better, it was delivered really well. They did especially well for a Christian group, portraying the gang members and making the gang scenes and costumes realistic. Often, people tend to sugar coat bad guys in movies and they really come off as sissies, but they kept it clean and appropriate for children as young as 9 or 10. One thing that really impressed me was how the gang members looked and acted like thugs, but none of them used a single bad word, even though they looked and acted real enough you wouldn't expect them to have saintly mouths. TJ Stallings in particular, but all the gang members should be applauded for how well they used body language in a way so you could feel how bad and creepy they were and gave you the feeling that the only reason you never heard them cuss or saw them do something really evil was because you just saw a clip of them when they weren't doing that, not because they wouldn't have. You wouldn't put much past those thugs, but I was honored and impressed by the lengths they went to to keep this movie appropriate for family viewing. I wouldn't recommend it for children probably under nine or ten, because the emotional content is a little deep for young children and it is kind of suspenseful, but I would certainly say it is worth buying to watch over and over again. I saw it four separate times in the theater and I'm still going to buy a copy for myself. for some really good pictures and a couple trailers, hit this link and scroll down:[...]. I hope you enjoy it!
0553582038|1.0|My summary says it all - the series that started with such promise ends with a dark, dull, sickening thud.  If you enjoy reading about the darkest types of violence, torture and rape then this is for you.  Plus, despite being overrun with needless pages on 3rd-rate characters, this is NOT the conclusion - surprise surprise, there are more books to buy!<br /><br />What a disappointment after a solid book one this series turned out to be.  I think it's the only Fantasy series I ever started but didn't finish (will not be buying book 5).
B005C9YZKU|5.0|This product was a great buy. It's very informative and educational. Makes a great gift this holiday season! Amazon has never let me down with any purchase! I highly recommend this product. Thank you Amazon for having such a wide selection the chose from.
B001F6ZIXC|5.0|This is one of those shows that is so good, you'll like it even if you're not typically into bikers, crass language, and violence.  The characters are compelling enough to watch regardless.  Enjoy!
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|I started the Harry Potter books with my neice when she was ten and book one had just come out.  She is all grown up now, but we still went to see this movie when it came out and we both loved it.  This dvd is really great just to see the movie again, but esp. for the extra features.  Well worth the price.
B004FOA84A|3.0|- It needs to be longer, or maybe updated with more levels... or maybe rotate the locations of the objects?  I have had no problems with launching or closing.
B000MV9026|5.0|This product was a great buy. It's very informative and educational. Makes a great gift this holiday season! Amazon has never let me down with any purchase! I highly recommend this product. Thank you Amazon for having such a wide selection the chose from.
B003U9V6A6|5.0|EVERY song rocks! Loved their first, but this is even better. I love it when you like all the songs on a CD!
B00280LYHS|5.0|this book is awesome! i am a big fan of percy jackson:) i wouldent change one thing about this book or any other percy jackson books!
0307949486|5.0|After some -ve reviews and many +ve reviews I bought it 7 months ago. Read about 20 pages, lost interest, names were harder to remember(Sweden background). Skeptical but still intriguied, so, started reading again recently. Got a tip from someone to read it fast and I did. Last 200 pages were interesting and things came together. When I found the murderer I thought it was over but there was another twist and was awed. So far my best read, different from typical murder mystery. I am not complaining about it being a 600 pages novel.
B004KPLVYU|5.0|I bought this book as a gift and was pleased with the fact that it shipped quickly and I received it way before the expected time. I bought it as a gift, so I can only speak from the aspect of receiving. I would buy from them again in a minute.
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|Nice, attractive cover for the Fire.  It is quite sharp on the edges but I fixed that... just take a small piece of sandpaper and file along the edges of the sharp points (mostly bottom of case when you hold it vertical which is rough on the fingers being used to support the weight).  A nail file might do in a pinch.  Common sense, people.  The flap that folds to hold it at an angle is a nice feature, although you do have to carefully position it and on a flat surface... and you won't do much typing with it in this position, but light touching is possible.  The angle position is more suited for say watching a netflix movie.  This case should protect the edges and screen from most normal abuse while carrying it around.  My only real concern would be that I hope the strap does not lose its elasticity over time (seems perfect for now so time will tell).
B000HEWEE4|5.0|This is a wonderful movie. The chemistry between these two is perfect. The story is enchanting and keeps you guessing right to the end.
0553801473|1.0|It  took me 6 months to finish this book because it was so convoluted and boring. Seriously, GRRM, it took you 5 years to come up with this?<br /><br />Don't buy it, wait for the HBO series which will hopefully have diverged significantly from the books by then
B0055SWM08|5.0|One of the few puzzle games that really has you thinkl.g and planing thru the whole game. Superb! My congats and thanks to the developers! Bravo
B0058ZPNOK|5.0|Hesher ia an indie film that brings out a vastly different Joseph Gotdon-Levitt. He is a wild manic/pyromaniac/wise guy who despite his bizarre behavior, attempts to pull a neurasthenic deeply depressed husband and a bullied and confused son out of grieving the loss of their mother and wife. Almost like a wild-eyed Jesus with shoulder-length hair, Hesher is given to loud metal music, smoking cigarettes and marijuana when and wherever he wants, foul-mouthed, dressed and undressed, Hesher moves in on the family unit. What a huge difference from his previous clean-cut character in \\"Inception\\" and the shy, introverted role in \\"(500 Days of Summer.\\" He unleashes his raging uncouth self steeped in destruction and stark anger. Also featured in another turn is a meek bespectacled grocery cashier played Natalie Portman. What a difference from her luminous balletic award-winning \\"Black Swan.\\" Piper Laurie plays the sweet and very ill coping grandmother whose demeanor reminded me of a frustrated Doris Roberts. This is so far from her early role as the murderously sanctimninous mother in \\"Carrie.\\" I was so very impressed how these fine talented actors prove that they can portray such a wide depth of characterization. I highly recommend \\"Hesher,\\" which had poor and limited indie art-house distribution. This is not your usual adventure, rom-com, or mystery/horror commercial film.
B005ORVN1Y|5.0|The new Rush Sector remastered series is not only definitive for the band, the sound on these babies is one of the best remasters I've ever heard. This is definitely worth the upgrade if only for the improved sound. There is better instrument separation, better EQ across the board and a better mix overall on all of them. The albums with the worst original sound have the most noticeable improvement. The biggest improvement in sound for Sector 3 to me was SIGNALS. As other reviewers have stated you can hear the guitar better than ever. I was never much of a fan of New World Man, but the new sound really brought out the gist of the song for me. There is a fuller, more \\"rock\\" sound that was missing on the original album. I can actually hear the instruments now. None of the original feel of the albums is lost and the rest of the albums are also greatly improved.   Now, I haven't heard the 5.1 mixes and cannot comment on the defects that other reviewers reported here, but the packaging has one major flaw. The album jacket replicas are perfect, except that during the packaging process some of them are not folded with TLC and they end up with the edges not being even when the gatefold is closed. That just reeks. Otherwise the packaging is not only faithful to the originals, it has pictures and art that didn't appear on the original albums. (Unless I'm familiar with different versions.) The problem with the DVD's will be corrected, per the RUSH official website. What a damned shame that there wasn't better quality control for an otherwise great edition of remasters. I've been listening to this band for 30 years and I feel like I'm rediscovering their music. These are albums that I've heard at least 20 times each, but I've never heard this music this clear. The price is also right. Now I just hope that a Sector 4 is released with the remainder of their older catalog.
B0058WFO06|1.0|I love Steven Wilson music, especially P TREE (In Absentia, Stupid Dream, Lightbulb, Deadwing,etc)and Blackfield), but I really don't understand why everybody are reviewing with 5 stars this album. Maybe that people who love Aqualung (the worst album all over the world. Maybe because long songs.  There's only 1 (Postcard) or 2 good songs. A deception, a regression.  SORRY
B0053TMP24|5.0|The Son of Neptune is a great follow-up to The Lost Hero and all of Riordan's novels. When I first picked up The Lightning Thief, I adored it and the great writing just keeps coming. The book is about Greek and Roman heroes, gods, and monsters--with the small twist of being in the twenty-first century. The Son of Neptune follows the adventures of Percy Jackson, a Greek demigod with amnesia, Frank Zhang, a son of Mars with interesting ancestors, and Hazel Levesque, a cursed girl from the 1940s. Whether or not you're a fan of Greek or Roman mythology, Riordan's flowing plots and quirky writing are sure to please.
B004FOA84A|5.0|This was one of my favorite games, received in a pack of games. My only wish its that it was longer our there was a series! We want more!!
0062068423|3.0|I wrote the paragraphs below many months ago after giving up on this book. More recently, I needed a book and so I finished it. I have to say it got better and I'm glad I finished it, so I'm increasing my rating from two stars to three. However, my thoughts about the first half still stand. Act One should have been summarized down by 60% at least. The plot didn't even get off the ground until halfway though. Even then, it didn't turn out to be that memorable. Also, Nesbo continually commits what I consider to be an unpardonable sin for a writer in this genre: He hasn't done his homework on firearms and continually gets the details way wrong in this area. I probably won't be reading anything else by this author.    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    I bought this book due to the positive reviews and because I like the Wallander series by Henning Mankell and I saw some possible character similarities (brooding, alchoholic, Scandinavian police detective). I am big detective procedural fan in general, everything from Conan Doyle to John Sandford.    I have finally given up on \\"Redbreast\\" about halfway through. Reading it is like trying to run through mud compared with any good book from this genre. First reason: lack of character development. Halfway through I don't feel I have any meaningful insight into the main characters as people and therefore I don't find what they do interesting and I don't care what happens to them. The main character, Harry Hole, seems to have some interesting character potential, but it is never realized. Second, the plot is very convoluted. It is a series of real time events interlaced with historical flashbacks to what at first seems like an unrelated military/love story set in WWII. It quickly becomes obvious that the WWII story is the background for the murder plot in the current day. Thats all well and good, but past that point the constant fashbacksequences just become tedious and confusing.
B005H0IW6W|4.0|For this holiday season, Michael Buble delivers a perfect Christmas album.  His voice is one of those which makes every song sound new again, and the way he has remastered the old favorites works beautifully.  I find myself reaching for it more often than any other Christmas cd I own.  Enjoy with a mug of mulled cider, while sitting next to a fireplace and snuggling with someone special with the Christmas lights all aglow.
0061969656|4.0|I read the first four books in the Saxon Tales series as they were issued, but somehow missed number five (\\"The Burning Land\\"), so when I picked up \\"Death of Kings\\" and began reading, I realized that many things had changed since \\"Sword Song.\\" Among the changes were the death of our hero Uhtred's beloved wife Gesila (I assume in childbirth, as she was pregnant with their fourth child at the end of \\"Sword Song,\\" and in \\"Death of Kings\\" there is mention of only the three original children), and a fictional sexual relationship had been established between Uhtred and Alfred's oldest daughter, Aethelflaed. The affair naturally brings about complications with Alfred, his heir, Edward, Alfred's wife, and Aethelflaed's husband and Uhtred's enemy, Aethelred.<br /><br />But the major complications are centered on the death of Alfred, known as The Great, whose dream to unite the isle was unfullfilled at his death, although he is credited as the father of England. In the afterword to the novel, the author remarks that Alfred made the unification of England possible through \\"preserving both the Saxon culture and the English language. He made Wessex into a stronghold that withstood assault after assault from the Danes, and which was strong enough,<br />after his death, to spread northwards until the Danish overlords were overcome and assimilated.\\" Cornwell's hero, Uhtred, is a combination of the two cultures, being Saxon born but raised by the Vikings, and clinging to the old religion while resisting every attempt by friend and foe to convert him to Christianity.<br /><br />In this installment, Alfred dies, and his son Edward is to be made king in Alfred's place. There are the usual shifting alliances among the Saxons and the Danes, and<br />complications brought on by personal relationships as well -- Edward had fathered twins with a woman whom he loved but was forbidden to marry, the woman died, and the children were put under the care of Uhtred. Edward and others insisted that he had been married to the mother of his children, which would put the son in line for the throne in the future, over Edward's children from his subsequent marriage. The first section of the book is rather confusing, and I expect some of that is due to my not having read \\"The Burning Land,\\" but by the second section, the plot is made clear, alliances begin to solidify (although with complications), and the book ends in a great battle against the Danes.<br /><br />Much of this we have seen before: especially the battle scenes. Cornwell writes very detailed and exciting passages that makes one smell the blood and feel the clash of sword against sword. But, some have maintained in reviews and I agree, there can be too much of a good thing -- the battle scenes sometimes start to take over the book, and one wonders if the author sometimes uses a good battle scene to stretch out the narrative. While some battles have historical significance and should be included, we are also treated to minor instances on river banks that probably never took place. It is good to be reminded that travel in this time period was often dangerous, but is it necessary to have so many reminders in a book of around 300 pages? Since the battle scenes are being related years later by an elderly Uthred, my take is that Uthred is reliving his \\"glory days,\\" and we need to take some of these scenes with a big grain of salt.<br /><br />While the character of Uhtred continues, in some respects, to enchant this reader, it can be argued that, as suggested above, he can in some ways be seen as an unreliable narrator who doesn't change much from one book to the next. Everything is seen through his eyes so that his opinion becomes THE opinion, and may not always square with the historical facts. In this book, Uhtred  admits that he is not always a good judge of character, which is a bit of a change for him.  He is taken in initially by reports (and his own sighting) of a \\"dead man\\" who has risen from the grave to make a prophetic announcement, and later he almost makes a fatal error in accepting as true a story by told by a dying man without<br />bothering to analyze it. His running jokes about Christianity are somewhat amusing but also serve to point up the fact that all religions have aspects that defy logic and reason (\\"three day old saints,\\" for instance, and pieces of the true cross make appearances). While he does rail against Christianity, as the cringe-worthy saying goes, \\"some of his best friends are Christians.\\" The ones who truly love him have his best interests at heart in hoping for his conversion, while his enemies seem to be using faith as a political and personal weapon against him. Some readers I suspect admire Uhtred for his humanity -- he is sometimes wrong, he is both kind and cruel, he is respectful of the opposite sex but also a man of his times, as he has both a lover and a \\"bedwarmer,\\" and he is shocked to find one day that he is viewed as \\"an old man.\\" Yes, Uthred is now 45 years old at the end of the book -- those of us who have followed it from the beginning know that he is narrating the story of his life and the history of his country as a very old man, but just like Uhtred we continue to see him as a young man until someone points out that he is that no longer. I am looking forward to the next installments in this series, as I want to know the utimate fate of Uthred and how he manages to survive into a great old age.he almost makes a fatal error in accepting as true a story by told by a dying man without  bothering to analyze it. His running jokes about Christianity are somewhat amusing but also serve to point up the fact that all religions have aspects that defy logic and reason (\\"three day old saints,\\" for instance, and pieces of the true cross make appearances). While he does rail against Christianity, as the cringe-worthy saying goes, \\"some of his best friends are Christians.\\" The ones who truly love him have his best interests at heart in hoping for his conversion, while his enemies seem to be using faith as a political and personal weapon against him. Some readers I suspect admire Uhtred for his humanity -- he is sometimes wrong, he is both kind and cruel, he is respectful of the opposite sex but also a man of his times, as he has both a lover and a \\"bedwarmer,\\" and he is shocked to find one day that he is viewed as \\"an old man.\\" Yes, Uthred is now 45 years old at the end of the book -- those of us who have followed it from the beginning know that he is narrating the story of his life and the history of his country as a very old man, but just like Uhtred we continue to see him as a young man until someone points out that he is that no longer. I am looking forward to the next installments in this series, as I want to know the utimate fate of Uthred and how he manages to survive into a great old age.
B005H5GEQM|1.0|This is a criminally poor attempt to document the career of a gifted driver. Both the format and content of the movie are far, far short of what you might expect, especially since F1 is inherently a richly complex, suspenseful sport.   First, the format: We're all used to fine documentaries produced by National Geographic, The Discovery Channel, and myriad other sources. \\"Senna\\" begins with archival footage and a voiceover with several people discussing the assembly of the information. Every so often, there's a comment about the man himself. Then the neutral commentary returns, and you'll be convinced that you're watching a preview on \\"The Making of Senna\\", especially since one of the voices keeps referring to material that is or is not included in the final cut. After 20 minutes of this swill, you'll drop back to check the DVD menu, because you've apparently been watching the \\"bonus\\" material. But when you check the list of scenes, it dawns on you that this IS the movie! This IS what passes for professional production and direction! And...it...never...changes...for...100...minutes. There's no true structure, no professional engineering, and when it's over, you're left knowing very little about a very special person.  And the content: What content? Nothing about the machines, nothing about race strategies, nothing that sets a scene, especially since F1 is contested all over the world in some very cool locations. Watching this, you start to believe that there's Monte Carlo here, and a gray rest-of-the-world over there. Bernie Ecclestone may have granted the \\"filmmakers\\" extensive access to the F1 archives, but that didn't keep these dolts from insulting Senna's memory with a hokey, gray little piece of home video.  Don't buy it.
B000PC0U1W|5.0|The propaganda machines of the evil dictators are controlling your minds and the state-owned media are waging a war on your brain. This is your chance to trade your fear for liberty and step up against the powers that be with your purchase of \\"V for Vendetta.\\"  V for Vendetta is the tale of a subject who escapes from a government science project after surviving torture and other experimentation. Loathe with the state of affairs, the way he was treated, and public lethargy, he carries out a plot to rid society of its maleficent leader.  Are you tired of government buildings crowding the skyline? Do you feel like your television stations are government controlled? If yes, then V for Vendetta is your guide to a quick and easy solution. Turn your attention away from your regularly scheduled broadcasting and turn to V for Vendetta.  You cannot control thoughts. Ideas are always free.
B004EPYZQC|5.0|i had no troubles with the dvd and i recieved it very fast. I would definitely order from this person again
B0043GAZYS|5.0|Okay. I'm writing this review as a fan of Edgar Wright's body of work (Spaced, Shawn Of The Dead, Hot Fuzz).   I saw this film theatrically (one of the few apparently)and I must admit I was lost at several points and thought the film dragged mercilessly. It seemed like it was all FLASH and no SUBSTANCE, as with most summer films. This struck me as particularly heartbreaking because Wright's previous work meant so much to me.   Fast forward to the Blu Ray release...  Watching this movie at home, and having a son who read the books AND is an avid gamer, really helped me sort things out and find the humor amid all the bells and whistles. Don't get me wrong, I found some significant humor in my initial viewing but knowing what the little subreferences mean helped tremendously.   I have to admit, it's become a favorite of mine...and Brandon Routh's portrayal as Clash At Demonhead's vegan supreme bassist Todd is one of my favorite movie moments of all time. If you've seen this movie, you'll no doubt pinpoint his performance as one of the highlights and is side splittingly funny.
B000HWZ4A2|4.0|[[ASIN:0452273331 The Fountainhead]][[ASIN:0452011876 Atlas Shrugged]]  Ayn Rand's Fountainhead is a classic and this movie gives it justice.  Having read the book is beneficial but not required to enjoy the movie.  The performances are good and the message is clear and strong.  If you like the concept of capitalism and personal liberty, you will enjoy the movie even more.
B004FOA84A|5.0|fun, but too short. not saying that it was too easy, but hopefully there will be some more of these, and be a bit longer
B005TBN3EU|2.0|I guess Todd Phillips and crew must of ran out of ideas because they pretty much recycled the first movie screenplay and set it in Thailand. Some funny bits. Worth the 3.99 for streaming but it's nothing special.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|I carry my Fire around in a \\"cinch pack,\\" not something I did when i had a much more expensive (& bigger, and heavier) iPad.  This case protects the Fire from banging around in the pack, into which I throw other gear.  The case also protects the screen with its soft lining.  Its weakness, if that counts, is the way the soft lining becomes the base as it is folded to support the Fire.  Don't want to set that on a restaurant tabletop and get it smeared with food.  Just beware.  This works fine and will protect your Fire from light human errors, though probably not from drops to concrete.
B0024FADAQ|5.0|This is one of my husbands all time favorite DVD's, so we got this for his birthday gift with a bunch of others.  He loved it!  Movie night has a lot more variety now...it arrived on time, in perfect condition and as described...thanks!
B001EBV0OY|5.0|very good movie with a very good plot and great actors Morgan nailed it as Red a movie that will never get old (just finshed it for th 5th time in 3 weeks buy or u have no heart or soul
B0057R5XRG|5.0|movie and pakaging was just as advertized would order again i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
B0034G4ORC|5.0|This movie is gripping.  When the battle starts, you feel like you're fighting with them, and cheering them on.  Is this some deep, thought-provoking Oscar movie? Nah, it isn't, and it doesn't try to be.  It's just a great movie that lets you escape for awhile.  That's what a movie is supposed to do, and this one does it well.
B00138H876|5.0|The only album I purchased as Vinyl, 8-track, cassette AND CD; it never gets old.  A rocking electric Dylan shows his versatility as a song writer above others unable to venture from the 60's folk songs.
B005PTQPU0|4.0|Kate Bush will never be running up that hill again, but regardless of where she is headed, she always manages to draw the listener into her ethereal world.  Many artists have tried to replicate Bush's brand of dreaminess, but always seem to be lacking a certain something.  Although not everyone's taste, one must admit that Kate Bush is a rare and unique talent.  That talent is ever apparent and present on her latest effort, 50 Words for Snow, a collection of seven songs that feel like the dead of winter.  Each one like a snowflake to create a blanket that will not melt until spring.  It seems that Bush has grown as an artist, as each song takes us through a different story she has lived.  While `Lake Tahoe' and `Misty' may put us down to slumber for the winter, `Wild Man' wakes us for a waking dream.  The title track gives us enough momentum to make a nice cup of hot cocoa, before snuggling back in for `Among Angels.'  With subtle guest spots from Elton John and Stephen Fry, it makes the winter not seem as lonely.  Bush's voice has become a bit more weathered and has developed a certain raspy quality that may remind one of Marianne Faithfull or PJ Harvey at times, but with a certain avant garde that also draws upon Laurie Anderson.  On 50 Words for Snow, she has created an album that would not make sense played outside the wintertime, but is distinctly NOT a holiday album- a feat that has so far gone unmatched.  While the winter cold may drag on, Bush has given us a musical companion that will make the winter chill more bearable.
B001UV4XIS|5.0|Arrived in time in good shape.  Great movie with a great ending.  What can we say about Harry Potter? Its just been a great series.  I would recommend this one.
0140120416|5.0|Very good book for beginners that are just starting or even those who have been learning for a while. Lots of technical information, grammar, and vocabulary practice. I would recommend it to anyone that wants to have a good foundation in Russian. By the end of the book (if you have practiced sufficiently) one would definitely be  able to get by in Russian-speaking countries just fine.
B0058VW36U|1.0|This is ridiculous! The update has been on goggles marketplace for Weeks already! What is with Amazon and updating their apps? They are always so slow to update. Word to the wise don't buy here go to google's marketplace!
B001N1DPDE|4.0|I bought this knife and am very satisfied in terms of the condition and specifications; it is very sharp and has a very nice weight and feel to it.  However, I would use EXTREME caution at first with the custom-made sheath that comes with it.  There is a locking mechanism that can be difficult to disengage.  DO NOT HAVE YOUR FINGERS ANYWHERE NEAR THE OPENING WHEN DOING THIS.  I sliced my finger open upon taking the knife out of the sheath, about five minutes after opening the package and got 5 stitches.  But I can say that this knife is very very sharp; the cut was so clean there was no blood on the blade.  I would just caution people regarding the locking mechanism on the sheath; be sure you're comfortable safely taking it out before you try anything fancy.
B002UXRGLG|5.0|Life is a very good biological documentary.  I am a high school biology teacher, and my students and I both enjoy watching this!
B002QBS9KE|4.0|I think the earpieces are about as comfortable as you can get.  Don't even know I have it on most of the time - in fact I forget about it a lot.  Sometimes that is dangerous, since I forgot it was on and went for a motorcycle ride.  The Voyager came off my ear, and bounced down the road at about 90 miles per hour, but was able find it after retracing my steps.  Still worked fine, and the earpiece stayed on even after the wild ride it took. Can't get much better than that I guess.  Would recommend to friends and family.
B004FOA84A|5.0|I love this type of game.  Even had fun playing it with my 3 yo grandson as I made him &quot;think&quot; his way through the puzzles.  Hope to see more (and a bit more complex and longer)  games like this in the future.
B002QKZLZ6|4.0|Nice little carrying case.  Owned a Plantronics Voyager before and somehow lost it.  Waited for about 4 months for it to show up, but it never did.  So.., when I bought a new one, thought I would buy a case too, so I would be more conscious of it when I was traveling.  (Before, I would stick the Voyager in a shirt pocket, coat pocket, brief case or anywhere, just to make sure it was with me.)  With this case, it makes me be more conscientious about where I have it.  Plus, it helps protect it when it is being moved around.  Case is very simple but works quite well.  Can't find anything wrong with it.  Would recommend to friends and family.
B004SKHJF2|3.0|Shazam Encore was a great premium app until they added full screen ads that spontaneously pop up whenever they feel like it. They cut off any clips playing and absolutely ruin a solid app. What a load of garbage.
B0058YPG1G|5.0|I don't normally write reviews, but I had to for this show.  I started watching Season 1 on Netflix Nov. 21 and finished all 3 seasons by Dec. 11 and I have a full-time job and am a single mother of 3 little girls.  I couldn't stop watching so every night as soon as they were in bed I had to watch another episode sometimes 2.  Any free time I would watch and I finished Season 3 on Sunday.  I was gonna buy Season 4 on DVD but it's not out yet so I got it last night on Amazon Instant Video cause I couldn't wait to see what happened.  I know I'll finish by the end of the weekend then have to wait til the summer for Season 5 to start.  Can't believe I have been missing out on such a great show.  So glad someone recommended to me.  You must watch!!!
0385535139|3.0|Although it was entertaining, I didn't find it up to Mr. Grisham's standard. It was more in the class of A Painted House, or Play for Pizza.
B00005JKJA|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this movie precisely for the reasons why some would not. Bearing in mind it was originally intended to be a pilot for an ongoing series it stands on its own as a cult classic. It is an eternal mystery: Why were they trying to get the brunette to get out of the car above Mulholland Drive in the first place? Where did she get all that money? What is the blue key? The blue box? What does all of this have to do with the weird homeless guy behind the diner and the interview with the \\"patient\\" in the diner? On a sheer entertainment level the various scenes of \\"the movie set\\" and the director were just brilliant. The singers dubbing the songs: 16 Reasons and Tell Every Star were perfectly synced. Finally, I thoroughly enjoyed the scene at Silencio with the woman dubbing \\"Llorando\\" or Crying (originally by Roy Orbison) sung in Spanish with no instruments. I give this movie 4 stars for all of the above reasons and hold back the 5th star only because I would have liked an ending which would solve at least one of the mysteries. Other than that I highly recommend you watch this movie.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|This is an excellent collection of Christmas music by Michael Buble. My favorite track is \\"Cold December Night\\".  This is a new song. I like the romantic sentiment of this song. \\"White Christmas\\" has a slight doo wop tone in the background.  This song is a duet with Shania Twain.  Her voice is lovely.  It is good to hear her singing again.  Michael delivers the best version of \\"Frosty The Snowman\\" I have ever heard. This song is very upbeat.  I love the musical arrangements on this track.  The saxophone playing  is superb.  Michael croons the standard \\"Silver Bells\\". This song puts me in the Christmas spirit.  \\"Feliz Navidad\\" is partly a Spainish duet with a singer named Thalia.  This song proves that Buble can sing beautifully in any language with any singer.  \\"Santa Baby\\" is a classic tune with Buble's unique spin.  This song has an unique male perspective.  Mike sings about all the things a man would like to receive for Christmas like a car and some cash. \\"Jingle Bells\\" is a delightful duet with the Puppini sisters.  \\"Blue Christmas\\" is a song performed in a bluesy style.  I love the clarinet and horns featured on this track.  \\"Ave Maria\\" is a standard Christmas song.  Buble's vocals are moving on this song to me, even though I don't understand a single word of this song. \\"Holly Jolly Christmas\\" is a song that simply makes me happy.  I love the light breezy tone of this song very much. This is an entertaining disc of Christmas music.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|This app is simply brilliant!  I have great difficulty waking up in the morning, and this app has basically solved that problem.  Having to solve a series of math problems or enter a random series of letters wakes me up quite efficiently, additionally the volume is high, although I guess that is due to the device.  As I said previously, this app is great!
B0052TDGQO|5.0|Just a great CD. I loved all the cuts. Scotty , stay level headed and continue to make more of the same.
0811875040|5.0|As a retired college foods instructor, I buy cookbooks frequently.  My favorite category is bakery cookbooks and Miette is an excellent choice for inspiration or instruction.  I especially liked the concept of making smaller cakes.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I have no hesitation recommending this game. It's probably the best version of solitaire I've played. It installed perfectly and works great. Highly recommended.
B006C45MRE|4.0|This is by no mean a horrible movie. I give it 4 stars for the effort and the acting is always magnifiscent from harrison ford suprisingly. At first I was like \\"oh no, not another alien movie.\\" But they did put a twist on it not just with the cowboys, but also with smaller stories within the movie. I am being generous in giving the 4 stars because this film didn't leave me with any \\"wow \\" moments or saying i can't wait to buy this movie on dvd, or anything. I want to say it left a bad taste in my mouth because the whole alien and amnesia thing has been played to death and now they are just putting cowboys in there, but overall it's a decent film and you'll get your money's worht. No complaints here from this movie out of me. It just wasn't one of this year's best films for me but an entertaining 2 years. And i like their effort on the plot. They also did not overdo it on the special effects. Thanks guys. Merry Christmas. Godbless. Praise Jesus.<br /><br />~Shauns movie review
B002IKLZZY|5.0|I received this dvd in a timely fashion. I had this movie on VHS and loved it. Will be glad to be able to see the movie over and over again. I am happy with the movie and would buy from this seller again.
B006IGZWB2|5.0|The help made me cry so many times and was so heart-touching and freeing. you can't help cheering for the good guys and just thanking God the world is a better place today than when the world was ignorant of the fact that color of skin is null and void when living real life. I just couldn't be happier with this movie and would promote everyone. When the movie was over I was like i want to watch the sequel. lol.<br />And also it's not that i don't like emma stone but I think this movie put her into an A-list actor. Thanks to everyone who made this film and I think more films like this should be made. There's alot to make up for the bad things in the past. It's still hard to believe forced slavery was real based on the shade of one's tan.<br />5 stars. I think this movie is the year's best not only because it is inspired by real life and who knows how much of the story may have happened in real life. I wish the movie would have been real. I can't seem to find the words to express this movie other than it just made me cry it was that good. octavia spencer is brilliant as usual and all of the cast does a good job! Aw thank the Lord that's done with. Now we just have to get rid of poverty! Anyway. this is definitely on my recommended list. And at the very top of that list. God bless. Merry Christmas. Praise Jesus<br /><br />~shauns movie review
B0040UAYI4|5.0|I'm a skeptic when it comes to console gaming but after weighing the pros and cons of each console, I went with a PS3. This is my first console since Super Nintendo and I've been really happy with it except for one thing...First Person Shooters. FPSes feel like you are drunk on PS3.<br /><br />It was by accident that I stumbled across a YouTube review of Eagle Eye but for the price it was worth a shot. I am so glad I made the decision to buy it. I've already been cursed at in-game for being such a good shot and went from that guy at the bottom of the scoreboard with 1 kill and 20 deaths to the top 5 every time. I've used it for BF3, Golden Eye, and CoD4. All of them work great with the Eagle Eye.<br /><br />As for finding the correct mouse and keyboard, it worked with a cheap Logitech M310 wireless mouse and GE wireless keyboard I picked up from Target for $15 total.<br /><br />As to the people giving this a negative review, it is either (1) they are too inept to read the instructions and calibrate it correctly, (2) not adjusting in-game sensitivity, or (3) not using a correct mouse or keyboard.<br /><br />Pros: Quick install, faster aiming, compact, and great for PC gamers coming to console.<br /><br />Cons: It has 95% of the feel of a PC game (it still feels a bit off), not compatible with all mice or keyboards, and it will make your wife angry that you spend more time gaming.
B006ANJ4BW|3.0|If people are looking to get their money's worth i would recommend skipping this film because although great promise from the start it's just horrible. I am being nice in giving it 3 stars just because of the action and \\"toughness\\" that comes across from certain roles in trying to portray the unconquering manliness and warrior like undefeated spirit. I was not impressed with Mr. Mom. as conan and miss arnold. It wouldn't hurt this guy to beef up for a role like conan. I just remembering not being impressed with this film and wanting my money back.....Not recommended. I am trying to search for something good to say but alas ..THE END.lol Gobbless. Merry Christmas. praise Jesus<br /><br />~shauns movie review
1607053888|5.0|I recently purchased this book and fell in love with it right away.  There are a lot of ideas for all kinds of bags.  I have only tried one pattern so far and it turned out great.  In fact I'm making several for gifts.  As I've only tried one pattern I'm not sure how the others read but I will say this may not be a book for beginning sewers. However, I'm new to bag making and had few problems with the instructions but once I really studied them I was able to complete the bag with no trouble.  Thank you Sue Kim for such an inspiring book!
B0062KJ1Q6|4.0|Very entertaining. Well-written and acted out. Not too shabby guys. I gave this 4 stars because it's an awesome movie. Lot os action, good acting, humurous activity, and the plot is original, fresh and good to have soemthing new on the market. i wanted to give this a 4.5 but they don't have that and i dno't think it's worthy of 5 syars just because it did not have that something extra to put it over the top in the matter of a classic excellent film, but this by no means is a bad movie. I put this on my recommended list and most won't be let down in springing for the $4 to watch it. Thanks . merry Christmas and Godbless.Praise Jesus<br /><br />~Shaun's movie review!
B004WDRT1Y|5.0|what a wonderful movie, especially in 3D.  The bird seemed to fly over the lounge room floor.  At the end it rained over the carpet and you feel as though you should get wet.  Thank you.
B003YGSLDA|5.0|I had no idea that Dudley Moore was such a rockstar in so many ppls eyes!lol B/ C of that, about 18ppl have poorly reviewed this movie. Come on.... The dude was 4ft tall and a comedian. The guy is made for this role! Embrace it! This is THE Christmas movie to me. Always will be.  Highly recomend this movie for the family. A classic.
B004FOA84A|5.0|fun game if not only a little short. good way to spend an afternoon. totally took me back to the good old days of computer games like Myst and shadowgate. would love to see more like this only longer and with a better storyline.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|This is among Stephen King's best work.  It's been a long time since I've read an 800+ page book that was a true page turner.  The characters are charming, and the plot entices one to keep reading at every chapter's end.  I suppose I could go on and on about the book, but that would simply waste the time it could take you to buy it.  Happy reading!
B0002VFXFE|5.0|A couple of months ago, I had accidentally thrown my laptop down a flight of stairs and afterward noticed some overheating issues. It wasn't a big deal, it's a gaming rig and I'd recently started playing Dragon Age II on it, and I though no big deal, even if it is the Sandy Bridge i7 and should run fairly cool, not hotter that my old gaming laptop.<br /><br />Fast forward to two days ago, when I was playing a league match with my brother and my computer, despite one of the best cooling pads on the market, tripped up to 97 degrees and failed. My brother was unpleased, to say the least. (Wails of \\"Now I'll never hit diamond!\\" were heard.)<br /><br />My dad suggested that my fan might be failing, so I promptly ripped the whole damned laptop to shreds, because I'm vicious like that, and while there was nothing wrong with the fan (I blew it out with some canned air just in case), I decided to apply new thermal paste while I was at it. You know, because I had just spent 45 minutes deconstructing a laptop to bare bones. Might as well, right?<br /><br />Well, Radio Shack only sells Arctic Silver, but they also carry Arctic Clean which my brother says is a lot better than rubbing alcohol for getting rid of old paste. (I have never touched a CPU before-- I prefer laptops and that's where I usuall go \\"screw it, I'm buying a new one.\\" But this one was only 8 months old, so-- yeah.)<br /><br />Anyway, I applied it using the glob-in-the-middle-of-the-chip method (I say glob, but my brother made me practice squeezing out grain-of-rice-sized dollops on paper towels before he'd let me near my own cpu. You only need a teeny bit, and try to keep it 1/8 of an inch from all edges.) and then I rebuilt the laptop from the ground up.<br /><br />Turn it on, and hwmonitor says she's running at a cool 46C which is awesome because idling before was hitting low 80s. I would hazard a guess that I was having problems with the heatsink anyway, but this product was ridiculously easy to use, cost me 10 dollars (including the Arctic Clean kit.) and probably saved me 1200$ in replacing the rig.<br /><br />I didn't use any benchmark tests, but I did run Skyrim and SC2 simultaneously for about an hour and didn't manage to overheat, where before if I tried to run a twitter client at the same time as a videogame, it decided that was too much.<br /><br />All in all, possibly the most satisfying purchase I've made all year, and that includes the laptop itself and Skyrim.probably saved me 1200$ in replacing the rig.  I didn't use any benchmark tests, but I did run Skyrim and SC2 simultaneously for about an hour and didn't manage to overheat, where before if I tried to run a twitter client at the same time as a videogame, it decided that was too much.  All in all, possibly the most satisfying purchase I've made all year, and that includes the laptop itself and Skyrim.
0060977493|5.0|Fearless author Arundhati Roy's first and only novel to date, The God of Small Things is a critically acclaimed best seller and winner of the prestigious Booker Prize award. The book, published in 1997, is well worth the hype. Not only is it a literary delight in terms of the construction of the plot, the richness of the prose and the mastery with which Roy illustrates imagery; the several underlying themes in the fairly straightforward plot paint a vivid and brutally accurate picture of the political and social issues in modern India.  The book focuses on a Syrian-Christian family living in the village of Ayemenam in the state of Kerala. The plot unfolds quite smoothly and skillfully in a non-sequential style, as the story is written primarily through the eyes of the protagonist, Rahel, alternating between timeframes as a 7 year old girl in 1969 and a 31 year old woman in 1993. Whilst narrating the story as seven year old Rahel, Arundhati Roy acutely portrays innocence and imagination that can only belong to a child.  This particular quality makes the novel a delightful and wholly entertaining read, and gives a `To Kill A Mockingbird' -esque feel to it.   Arundhati Roy has fit a tremendous amount of emotions and intensity in 336 pages. The God of Small Things is a novel that can be read time and again, owing to its sheer richness in style and content. It is also a very relevant book, with multiple movements propping up around the world nowadays to fight age-old unjust practices - from the Tamil Tigers in Sri Lanka to the Maoist struggle in India, from the Egyptian Revolution to Occupy Wall Street. The God of Small Things is a fiction, based on real history, desires, desperation and issues. With her sensitive and beautiful story telling abilities, I look forward to reading the next fiction Arundhati Roy writes, should she do so.eing `girl' in Malayalam) from London. Sophie Mol's untimely death shortly after her arrival coincides with the climax of the novel, and leads to turmoil in the twins' lives.    Arundhati Roy has meticulously observed social and political attitudes in India and spread her findings throughout the book. The society depicted in the story is repressive to most characters in some way or the other. Problems faced on a daily basis by Untouchables, by women, by the poor and by children are \\"small\\" ones that are insignificant and ignored by and large by society. Rahel speaks of the \\"God of Small Things\\" repeatedly, who looks after insignificant things and people such as herself, her brother, her mother, and the Untouchable Velutha. It is only when the little things lead to big things, such as Sophie Mol's death or the knowledge of a scandalous secret of a family member that society takes notice and all hell breaks loose.    Arundhati Roy has fit a tremendous amount of emotions and intensity in 336 pages. The God of Small Things is a novel that can be read time and again, owing to its sheer richness in style and content. It is also a very relevant book, with multiple movements propping up around the world nowadays to fight age-old unjust practices - from the Tamil Tigers in Sri Lanka to the Maoist struggle in India, from the Egyptian Revolution to Occupy Wall Street. The God of Small Things is a fiction, based on real history, desires, desperation and issues. With her sensitive and beautiful story telling abilities, I look forward to reading the next fiction Arundhati Roy writes, should she do so.    **I have written a full review (with an excerpt) of this book on my blog - if you wish, you can read that for a fuller understanding of the novel: [...]
B00338QENI|5.0|I loved this book, it kept me engaged through the whole story. Well written & simply an amazing story that is not portrayed in history books!
B003R0MF1W|5.0|I was disappointed that I wasn't sent the review booklet with my DVD.  I'm writing my own as I watch each show. I enjoy every character in the series.  They all do a great job. I often don't like the Red John character to be a part of the show. When he is part of the story it is too dark and evil for my taste. I wish he would get killed and go away forever. Jo
8862937148|5.0|As usual and like every year i need my MOLESKINE agenda, The best. The only prob, do not write with a very wet fountain pen, the paper is to thin.
B005D9MUWY|4.0|I've used this keyboard since the day it was free on Amazon last summer.  I really like it and would have given it 5 stars except for the last six weeks or so there's an update seemingly everyday.  If you fall behind in updating your phone it can take quite awhile catching up.  I don't understand why it has to be updated on a daily basis but I find it aggravating.  Otherwise, well worth the money... it's accurate, and intuitive which saves a lot of typing.
B00063EMJ6|1.0|I received the CD case damaged and unsealed it looked like it was re-rapped and shipped. The CD itself appeared new , but it was annoying to have to get a new case for  a so-called new CD. I guess the price was to much to asked. Be leery when you consider this compilation.
B004U52VPS|2.0|My son loves Angry Birds in any form; however, Amazon is gouging people with the price that they charge.  The retail price (not sale price) is less than twenty dollars at many name brand retailers such as walmart, target and toys r us.  Hate being gouged during the holidays.
B005ZHB84U|5.0|Tracks 2, 3, and 4 alone would be worth the price. After listening to the entire album, I created a playlist with these three tracks looping. It has made my day fly by - and I'm an accountant so that's difficult to do!  I wasn't quite sure how Zimmer would top Sherlock Holmes - especially with \\"Discombobulate,\\" and, \\"Psychological Recovery,\\" but I think he has done it here.  In addition to the, \\"Shadows,\\" tracks, \\"The End,\\" is an epic sendoff. This score does not disappoint; I wish the same for the film itself.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Works great on Kindle Fire. Even has a nifty notification widget! Only downside is when Fire WiFi goes to sleep it occasionally has trouble refreshing.
B0061JPYX2|5.0|Being a devoted Amy Fan, along with my children, grown, one teenage age and my parents, we all appreciated some remix, some new songs and some songs simply recorded differently. An added bonus is also that Body and Soul is on the CD, which gives me chills every time I hear Amy;s voice.  I also own the Frank album, excellent recommendation.  Along of course also the classics from back to black. Her DVD being live in London 2007 AMAZING.  Rest in peace beautiful lady , what talent that we lost, this kind of voice only comes around once in a lifetime.  Blessed to have witnessed what it means to sing from your heart and soul without all those studio gimmicks.  Brdget
B005Y423ZC|5.0|Would highly recommend this CD and DVD to anybody who is an Adele fan, and especially for those who are not sure. Her voice and song writing talent are amazing. Will not hesitate to order more.
0321344758|5.0|Superbly written in plain, easy-to-understand English that feels \\"natural\\" to grasp and retain. Explores concepts from the simple to the complex in a way that anyone can understand. This book definitely lives up to the prestige it receives from reviews. Wonderful for web designers from the beginner to the expert. A+
B00000633U|5.0|Always liked richard marx and this CD does not disappoint. Will definately order more of the same. Prices very reasonable
0385535139|5.0|This author stands tall among contemporary American writers. Mr. Grisham is deft with words while not superfluous. He is always a joy to read.
B005EVVESM|5.0|very good cd every song a winner. Arrived in a timely manner.Would definately order from amazon  again. The prices are excellent
0937381888|5.0|This is about as close to a homebrewer's bible as one can possibly get.  It has everything for the beginner as well as the advanced all-grain brewer.  This is the one must read before anyone takes up the wonderful hobby.  I am constantly referring to it, especially for the nomographs.  Also, it contains a number of recipes for nearly every style, most of which include all-extract recipes for anyone just starting out.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I like to keep up to date on the weather. this app makes so easy to do. With just a tap you can go from a detailed report of today's weather to the next 15 days. just tap on on of those days and you can have a more complete forecast for that day. Plus it is easy to get radar and top weather related stories as well. Very functionable.
B00003Q43A|5.0|I saw this movie on video tape since 1996. I asked my mom to take me to the movie theatre to see this movie, she never did take me. I had to wait until the movie was released in stores. I was so happy when I frist got it. I saw the making of Independence Day on HBO before. Jeff Goldblum was the host and it was in black & white. Later on, it showed it in color. I wanted the two-disc version because I realized it had to be a two-disc version of the movie. This is a wonderful movie & I'm not selling it or trading it for anything else! I will keep it & I will treasure it for life!
B002VR9QXW|5.0|It seems that Ricardo Bustamante and other Ballet Master did an incredible research and put together a performance that is technically precise. The selection of dancers to each part seems to embody their characters and this production comes alive. It would be near impossible to have a production better than this one. Congratulations on this inspiring, well-thought out version of Giselle. It is graceful, touching and timeless. This sets the bar very high. I used to be a classical ballerina and Giselle was my 1st ballet in 1991--and over the years I have seen many versions of this Ballet but nothing ever compared to this version here. This ballet is perfect (and we don't use this word often). The dancers are incredible.
B005SJIP2S|1.0|I didn't expect much from this fake Yes and I got what I expected.  My advise is to wait for the real Yes to surface some time soon.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|Great game! Lots of fun and the levels add a new twist each time. I love games that get you to think and this is definitely one!
B000J5XS3C|1.0|Was in my studio when this thing just caught on fire out of nowhere.  CHEAP material.  I was warned later to stay away from all products by these guys - as they are far below sub-standard.
B000JMKQX0|5.0|I have to admit that I was expecting yet another beginning to end war on Zed books. When I first started reading, I was slightly disappointed. This didn't last long though as I got sucked in to the stories of survivors. Bravo to Mr. Brooks for coming from a new angle and using such unique voices for each interview.
B004Y1USV2|5.0|I have been a Yes fan for at least 20 years. I always loved Close To The Edge (my very first Yes-owned Album), and all the remaining Albums. It was crazy when I heard \\"Drama\\" for the first time. A Yes Album without Jon and I'm still loving it???   I realized that Yes is an always-changing band, and that I had to accept the change.   Finnaly when I learned that \\"Fly From Here\\" was an In-Stock song back from the Drama's era, when Trevor Horn was the lead singer, I couldn't believe that \\"Drama\\" sound!!!   You know, back in 1980 you cannot record a twelve-song album, due to limited technology. So the song came back 31 years later, when Jon Anderson (former lead singer) was unavailable and Trevor Horn couldn't sing anymore. Then they find Benoit David. Now Yes is back with this \\"new-sounds-like-Trevor-Horn\\" singer, and it's just fantastic!!!! Thank you Benoit for bringing Horn and Yes back to life.
B0063GORYU|4.0|Its cool and fun when I'm bored. Not the best card game app but it compares to most that I have played.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|A wonderful disc  The audio is excellent, thats what i am paying for the video could be better but its not distracting  Adele's performance and stage presence is amazing.But that voice really takes centre stage, frankly its like being there
0670827592|5.0|This book is great. So useful in teaching children about point of view. There are always two sides to a story. I like this version better than the original--so witty and border-line sarcastic that adults, as well as children, enjoy it! After I read it to children I ask them whose story they believe, now?? In a classroom you will get mixed reviews where children still believe the pigs side--but man, is the wolf convincing!!  LOVE IT. If you have not read this story--you must!!!
B0063IH60K|4.0|It is about what you would expect for solitaire game. Runs well, the add at start up of the game is annoying but expected with free apps.
B004XWLN20|5.0|I trailed off in my viewing of Smallville around season 6 due to being too busy for any sort of TV watching, so this review is not about the show itself, but the product I just purchased. Things slowed down a couple years later, but I was so far behind the game that I stayed away from Smallville until I could get a good deal on the seasons I had missed. Needlesss to say, this item fits the bill. All the discs come in sturdy \\"DVD books\\" that have high-quality screencaps on each page, the episode guide is a veritable book unto itself, and you even get your own issue of the Daily Planet. Also, the price point saves more than half off the shelf price of buying the seasons individually.
B0063IH60K|4.0|love this game. passes the time away when I have down time.or when I am waiting to pick up my daughter from work.
0060873027|1.0|Well I didn't think Crichton (or Preston for that matter), could sink lower than his very lousy book Timeline, but this one does it.  Simple, Pedantic, Repetitive (poorly edited or read), and really plain Boring!  I mean, I love some Crichton books.  But he is the most inconsistent of BIG NAME authors that I know.  And this one is simply a poor story, poor plot and character development, and a waste of time and money.  Alas, I wish it weren't so.
B004H72DSE|5.0|Nice light reading. Leaves you wanting more. I was unable to put this book down and finished it within two days.
1591840562|5.0|1. The best reason to start and organization is to make meaning-to create a product or service that makes the world a better place.<br />2. Start creating and delivering your product or service.  Don't focus on pitching, writing, or planning.<br />3. Figure out a way to make money - a great idea must be sustainable.  Define Milestones, assumptions, and tasks to accomplish your mission.<br />4. Meaning is the most powerful motivator.<br />5. Think about how you will serve your customers<br />6. Strive for something grand, set your sights high<br />7. You should always be selling, not coming up with strategies about selling<br />8. It takes a team of good people to make any venture work<br />9. Don't be offended if people take issue with what you've done; the only result that should offend you is lack of interest.<br />10. Good people in big companies are tired of being ignored, forgotten, humiliated, and forced into submission.  Attack the status quo and gain support and resources.<br />11. You want to be left alone until your project is too far along to be ignored or the company realizes they need it.<br />12. Find established people to support your projects by providing advice, technical, and marketing insights.<br />13. Start by improving what already exists.<br />14. Let the Vice President discover your project and then sponsor it later.<br />15. Collect data on how much you have spent and how much you have saved with your project and share the information openly<br />16. Build your product or service, first, then build a business plan.<br />17. Niche yourself in the market and fly under the radar.  You don't want to appear to be a threat.<br />18. Position your products or services in the most personal manner possible<br />19. Pitch your idea in 10 slides, 30 font size, and in twenty minutes: title, problem, solution, business model, underlying magic, marketing and sales, competition, management team, financial projections and metrics<br />20. Let the CEO do 80% of the talking with presenting the business idea<br />21. Investors don't pick companies to partner with based on financial projections.  Investors want to understand the scale of the business and how much capital will be required. Investors want to see into the mind of the entrepreneur and understand their assumptions of market share and how they will get there. Investors know that financial projection will change and are not accurate.  Financial projections of five years to break even is common.  Investors discount projections and search for assumption about sales channels, pricing, market size, and gross margins.<br />22. Entrepreneurs can bootstrap their project by keeping venture capital requirements low and limit the project to something small.  Bootstrap have short sale cycles, short payment terms, recurring revenue, and word of mouth advertising.<br />23. When spending money focus on function you need and not form.<br />24. Position against the market leader or against the accepted ways of doing thingscompanies to partner with based on financial projections.  Investors want to understand the scale of the business and how much capital will be required. Investors want to see into the mind of the entrepreneur and understand their assumptions of market share and how they will get there. Investors know that financial projection will change and are not accurate.  Financial projections of five years to break even is common.  Investors discount projections and search for assumption about sales channels, pricing, market size, and gross margins.  22. Entrepreneurs can bootstrap their project by keeping venture capital requirements low and limit the project to something small.  Bootstrap have short sale cycles, short payment terms, recurring revenue, and word of mouth advertising.  23. When spending money focus on function you need and not form.  24. Position against the market leader or against the accepted ways of doing things
B0063GORYU|5.0|This game has a nice clean feel and look. There are ads, but they don't interupt you in the middle of a game, and this is a very high quality ap, they would not be able to do this for free.
B003V6L94Q|5.0|I first heard Zac Brown when \\"Chicken Fried\\" came out and became an instant hit.  At the time I was wondering if they could follow it up with another hit as \\"Chicken Fried\\" had such a unique sound, or at least to me.  I bought the first CD when it came out and was really pleased with it and found the song \\"Whatever It Is\\" to be another great song.  I could not wait until they released this CD. I don't remember which song I heard first and figured it would be the only song I would download.  Boy was I wrong.  This CD is loaded with great music by Zac Brown and others.  Jimmy Buffet and Alan Jackson combine with ZBB to make this CD even better.  Even when not singing with someone else, ZBB has packed a ton of hits on the CD.  Colder Weather and Keep me in Mind are just a couple of great songs that I really make this CD enjoyable.<br /><br />If you are a country music lover, and even if you aren't, this CD has something for everyone and I would recommend it to everyone.  You can't go wrong with this CD.
B000957O7S|5.0|the dvd came within a reasonable amount of time and was in perfect condition. i will definitely buy from this person again.
B00004T9VY|5.0|Cat Stevens / Tea for the Tillerman:  This is a brilliant album and one I treasured.  Now that Yusuf Islam has killed off Cat Stevens, I encourage you to buy a used version of this CD and deny Yusuf any profits from the sale.
0760703329|5.0|I got this item as a gift and thought it was amazing. It has all the sonnets, plays, and all other works of him. It shines like a bible and it is a great looker for your own private library.<br /><br />The only thing about is that the font is a bit small and it is one of those books that you cannot carry around for fun reading. The cover seems like it will hold up and last while also.<br /><br />For people that enjoy reading Shakespeare like myself and would like a collection, this one is it.
B001XJEKGC|4.0|Eric Clapton and Steve Winwood / Live from Madison Square Garden (DVD):  After reaching out to his old Cream bandmates in 2005, Eric continues his `Forgiveness Tour' (my phrase, not theirs) in 2009 by getting together with his old Blind Faith bandmate, Steve Winwood.  While this concert is not as good as the Cream reunion, there is still a lot of good music here and it is a lot of fun to see them together.  The songs include some Blind Faith favorites, but also has Traffic, a few various other Eric hits as well as other bits of their music history.  It was an interesting coincidence that Eric and Steve had decided to do a version of Buddy Miles' \\"Them Changes\\", and had been rehearsing it, when Buddy passed away, and so that performance became a fitting tribute to Buddy.  This is a good four-star DVD of the concerts.
B002NPUCIA|5.0|If you haven't seen Brian Culbertson live,  buy this CD/DVD.  It really captures the enthusiasm and joy that he has for his music.  His fellow musicians could headline shows themselves and you can see and feel the passion they have for the music.  If you have seen Brian live in concert, buy this CD/DVD.  It is intimate and powerful and you'll have that \\"live\\" show experience all over again.
B000002J6H|4.0|Stephen Stills (self titled): This is a nice album from Stephen Stills.  It is not his best album but it is enjoyable.  It has the hit \\"Love the one your with\\".  \\"Sit yourself down\\" is also a nice cut.  The rest is pleasant.  A four-star album.<br /><br />While this is not Stephen Stills' best album, Amazon's `editorial review' by Gavin McNett is inexcusably wrong in his characterization of Mr. Stills' talent.
B0063IH60K|5.0|i love this app, it helps me pass time on the most boring parts of the day...like at the doctors office.
B000002KHF|5.0|Van Morrison / Moondance: This is a masterpiece.  It is an album of Irish soul, great depth of feeling, controlled joy, and exuberant passion.  For the rest of the Twentieth Century, for as long as there was a real living breathing Disk Jockey playing music that mattered on the radio, we could always count on one of these songs being played during the day.  This album deserves a Sixth Star.
B0032JTV6U|5.0|Haven't opened the DVD yet to watch not sure it works or not yet... But sure it will be fine.
B000002KOQ|5.0|Joni Mitchell / Ladies of the Canyon:  The place where the hippie ideals of both Laurel Canyon California and upstate New York are melded and given voice is in this brilliant album from Joni Mitchell.  This beautiful album has its attitude set in 1969 and yet it remains timeless.  This is a Masterpiece album and it is Highly Recommended.
B000FVE3AC|4.0|Husbands review - Great gift! Exactly what I had been looking for. I sold an Omega Seamaster a few years back and I really missed that watch. It was truly a great timepiece. As much as I liked the Omega I had no desire to shell out that kind of money again for a watch. i looked for some time for a nice sized, auto diver without chrono and this watch had the exact look I wanted.  This watch reminds me so much of my Omega yet feels more substantial. My Omega felt top heavy and often tried to spin on my wrist. The weight of this watch and the band is so well balanced and after removing links actually fits more snug than I could ever get my Omega to fit. This is a big watch but not too big (46mm-47mm is the perfect size I think). As for appearance it is really a show stopper. The two tone stainless and the brilliant blue really pop. Most people seeing this watch for the first time mistake it for a higher end watch. The long and short of it is this is a really nice watch for the money. Some have felt the band and clasp are insufficient but I have to disagree. Same mechanism design as the Omega Seamaster and works like a champ. As for durability I have had no issues and even if I do for what I paid (less than $100) I can have 25 of them compared with an Omega. If you are looking for a great looking timepiece and aren't ruled by your ego the Invicta 3045 is a great choice.
B001VZY4M8|5.0|Neil Young / After The Gold Rush:  This album expresses post 1960's anger and exhaustion in a brilliant set of songs.  One of Neil's great albums.
B00479SVBU|5.0|I was going back and forth between the different Satechi products , but I'm glad I got this one. No static or anything and very clear sounds . I was looking mainly for my ipod but instead I got an SD card for it. Its much better because you wont have wires hanging around. Very good product
B00004W50Z|4.0|The Band / Stage Fright:  This album has the hits \\"The Shape I'm in\\" and \\"Stage Fright\\".  The rest of the album has the feeling of a band sharing the personal favorites that they enjoy performing more than the hits they have to do on stage.  It is a more intimate album than their previous releases, but it is also less compelling than their previous releases.  A four-star album that is worth having.
B004QK5N5W|4.0|Didn't work as advertised. Got adapter and cable and plugged in, black screen. Then the Ipad2 went dead, black screen, can't get it started.  Will update later. For now its one star.  Update: Took some work. Updated iOS for Ipad2. Was using 25' HDMI cable, now using 6' HDMI cable and it works.
B000002KBD|5.0|Van Morrison / His Band And The Street Choir:  Coming on the heels of his Masterpiece (Moondance), this album feels like a fitting sequel and is nearly its equal.  \\"His band and...\\" may be even more joyous that its predecessor and is itself worthy of five stars.
B00003CX9Q|5.0|still a magical movie, beautiful, touching, far from all the nasty violence we see too much in too many movies today.  when people did still believe in love and kindness in movies.
B001SF8G1Q|4.0|Bob Dylan / \\"New Morning\\":  This is a pleasant album from Bob Dylan.  There are, as one would expect, some fine lyrics here but it is not one of his most compelling albums.  However, it is still worth having.
1400031362|3.0|This was pleasant to read, but there was nothing new here. Maybe I'm moving through the series too quickly, but in this novel I started to get bored with the characters and their trials. The mysteries were just not as interesting as before. Many of the characters, even the returning ones, fell flat. Here's hoping the fourth book is better.
0525945636|4.0|I've read this book several times, and I always enjoy it. His ability to blend fact and fiction into a riviting plot keeps me coming back for more.
0307595862|4.0|This is the first book of Nesbo's I've read, and I really liked it. Don't feel like you have to have read the other Harry Hole novels to enjoy this one.<br /><br />Nesbo gets into the story right away and keeps the action coming until the end. He moves around in time a bit, which adds depth and interest and is never confusing. The creep-factor is high here and there's a little bit of gore, so be warned.<br /><br />I didn't figure out the mystery right away, but I don't go into mystery novels trying to figure out the mystery.<br /><br />Overall, this is creepy, well-crafted and full of interesting characters. I look forward to reading Nesbo's other novels.
B001P06GX4|5.0|I loved playing this game with my young cousins, they beat me every time!  I guess I wasn't much of a strategist... this game is fun and easy.  Great for young kids.
B006A819AG|5.0|Normally when I buy an album from a group that I love, I would get fixated on one song at a time and listen to it nonstop.  In this case, I have the entire album on constant rotation.  It's like the album is one perfect song that takes you on a journey that you'd never want to end.  The lyrics are thought provoking as well as the music.  I highly recommend this masterpiece, especially for those who love rap but hate the path it's been on for the last decade or so.  The Roots gives us another reason to love hip hop.
0765365278|5.0|I decided to read this book based on his finishing Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time Series.  Fantastic author & fantastic book, my new favorite.  -Sincerely,  Avid fantasy reader
1451648537|5.0|I am in the process of reading this book. Jobs was a special individual with a wonderful gift. He was so very innovative, way ahead of his time. I recommend this book highly.
B005PS4ZQW|5.0|The author does a great job presenting just enough of the language to be productive and correct while providing interesting examples of actual working code right from the start.  This approach worked much better for me than the typical approach of presenting all the language constructs before moving on to applications.  Word of warning: do not purchase the Kindle version.  It has not been proofread at all. The content and formatting of the code examples and in-text references to identifiers is entirely jumbled and nearly every example is incorrect, sometimes severely.  After suffering through three chapters with my secret decoder ring I finally gave up and requested a refund.  I've already ordered a hardcopy to continue my reading.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This free solitaire game has clear graphics and is easy to play with large fingers. It is also very customizable. Unfortunately it has me addicted to playing solitaire again as opposed to the first solitaire game I downloaded.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|This isn't the type of book I usually read but I thought I'd give it a try. And I'm so glad I did! I couldn't put it down! Absolutely breath taking- it pulls you into this magically world!!!  A MUST READ!!!!
B0058VW36U|1.0|this will go to 5 stars once amazon updates the app..  otherwise this is a great game..  please update soon!!
B000002KLP|5.0|\\"Dirty Mind\\" sounds like it might have been recorded in your basement, and that suits it just fine. It's raw, almost unfinished, and owes a debt both to old school r&b and punk.   In many ways, it's Prince's best album-- his guitar work is inspired and with edges. Compare his \\"When You Were Mine\\" to Cyndi Lauper's later (perfectly nice) version: on Prince's version, you never forget that it's a song about your girlfriend choosing to be with another man-- the song is mixed so that every riff feels like a lump in your throat.   And that's the way it is with the whole album: compact, vicious and brilliant.
1451627289|4.0|I don't normally give 5-star reviews. In fact, I'm pretty hard on the authors I read. Even the great Stephen King has written some real duds in my opinion, but I'm pleased to tell you that 11-23-63 was storytelling at it's very best. There's a reason why it is a unanimous #1 best seller. Mr. King's style of writing has always been compelling but somewhere along the way he usually loses me. It's mostly as a result of pushing the limits of my imagination too far or overdosing on horror for horror's sake. I can suspend reality but only so much. But this is not a horror story in the traditional sense. In this book, even though the concept of a rabbit hole or rip in the fabric of time is completely fantastical, I didn't care. By the end of the book the way our protagonist Jake (George) moved between time was secondary to the missions he was trying to accomplish and even the most diehard theoretical physicist wouldn't question the science and would instead enjoy a very good story. It had just the right balance of action, mystery, romance and character development. Although there were a few holes and some better explanations were needed for the existence of some of the characters, like the yellow card man, this is simply Stephen King at his very best. Another minor nitpick I have is the drawn out ending. About halfway through the final chapter I was beginning to think it was a bit unnecessary, but then Mr. King wrapped it up perfectly. It's one of those rare works of fiction that ended in just the right way so as not to suggest a sequel. Stop reading reviews and just get the book. You will enjoy it if you keep an open mind.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|This app is good looking and simple to use. It is suitable for most levels of skill including beginner. As I said in the title, best chess app I have used on the Kindle Fire yet.
B005FUTBWS|1.0|There was a bit of a ruckus earlier this year when Kevin Smith suddenly announced that he wouldn't be auctioning off his new movie, Red State, as planned, and instead would be marketing and distributing it himself. For better or worse, Smith took his show on the road, setting up one-off screenings and making the film available via video on demand back in September. The story centers on a small town with a religious cult that bears a striking resemblance to the Westboro Baptist Church; when three teens are lured by the promise of sex into a trap set by the film's fictional Five Points Church, the town's police and the ATF get involved, resulting in a Waco-style showdown at the church's compound. I saw familiar elements of Smith's style and it was possibly his boldest movie yet, but with too many bits of protracted dialogue and a lack of competent scares or thrills, Red State just missed the 2 star mark. It might be worth checking out if you're curious what a Kevin Smith horror film might look like, but by horror standards, Red State doesn't quite pull it off.
B0057R5XRG|5.0|The reformatting done on this is awesome. I can say this movie is my favorite of all I've seen to watch on bluray with surround sound.
B001HN6918|4.0|You survived the skadoosh of Jack Black in 2008, ready for skadeux? Black returns to voice Po, the martial arts savant who must confront his past when evil peacock Lord Shen returns to settle some old scores. But like last time, Po won't be going at it alone: the original cast also returns, a rank and file that includes Angelina Jolie, Dustin Hoffman, Jackie Chan, Seth Rogen, and Lucy Liu. Kung Fu Panda 2 didn't set the box office on fire like the original, but it is a movie to re-discover in home release. DVD and Blu-ray extras include a sneak peek to the Kung Fu Panda tv show, commentary, trivia track, and, in some releases, an all-new Po adventure called Secrets of the Masters.
B004SEVPWQ|3.0|while playing 9ball the Droid hit the 9 in while there were still 5 balls on the table,it then goes Droid wins,WTF is this?
B000QCS8TW|5.0|After seeing the previews for Game of Thrones on HBO in the weeks leading up to the premier episode on 4/17/2011, Game of Thrones looked like your typical Medieval times storyline full of knights in shining armor, sword fights, debauchery and that kind of stuff. I was somewhat disinterested...until a few days before the premier I happened to catch a making-of Game of Thrones production. So I set my DVR and I'm glad that I did. Game of Thrones was one of the best things on TV in 2011. It was so good that I purchased the book to get the source's perspective, and after finishing the book I'd say that the HBO adaptation of Game of Thrones kept the storyline about 98% intact with very few liberties.<br /><br />It was great to read the book after seeing the show to be able to put faces with all of the names. The standout descrepany from book to screen is the age of many of the prime characters. I guess that in a book it's okay to write about tennagers commiting acts of violence, having sex or worse getting raped, but apparantly HBO thought a lot of that would land them in hot water on the screen. And they would probably be correct.<br /><br />Game of Thrones is a very long read with a ton of words, side stories and descriptions that could have been left out without affecting the story at all. In fact as I look at some of the reviews for some of the subsequrent books it's a common complaint by fans. But I was glued to every bit of this first in the series and I'm a few chapters into the second in the series called A Clash of Kings.<br /><br />Game of Thones sets the stage for the rest of the epic series and introduces what I'm guessing will be the key players. Although who knows based on the surprising demise of some characters that you'd have thought would \\"never die\\" by the end of Game of Thrones. What's clear is that war lies in the future and the book details the violent struggles among the land's controlling families and kingdoms. And as there will evidently be more than just human encounters to deal with in the struggles for power as A Clash of Kings and the rest of the story unfolds.<br /><br />I'm hooked on A Song of Ice and Fire, and I'll be done with Clash of Kings prior to the second HBO season which is a nice reversal of order. Don't miss this series if you're into the action/fantasy genre.deal with in the struggles for power as A Clash of Kings and the rest of the story unfolds.   I'm hooked on A Song of Ice and Fire, and I'll be done with Clash of Kings prior to the second HBO season which is a nice reversal of order. Don't miss this series if you're into the action/fantasy genre.
B003EYVXUU|4.0|Got this for my husband as a stocking stuffer after it was offered on one of the lightning deals.  Good movie with an interesting story!  I read the book and really liked it so I thought we would enjoy the movie.  While it isn't as good as the book, it is still quite good.  I haven't seen the other version of the movie, so I can't compare the two
145551389X|5.0|As a photographer I am in love with this book.  It is amazing.  It captures the very fine details of what goes on when Gaga is not on stage performing and is tucked away in her private quarters.  It is obvious that she and Richardson have a very special and tight bond between the both of them.  At the same time of pictures being playful and goofy you see images that are serious and thought provoking. One of the things that I love about this book is that her makeup is not perfect in every single picture, let alone not always wearing makeup to begin with.    This book was way more in depth than I originally thought it would be.  But in true Gaga form, Gaga bears it all.  From brushing her teeth in heels and a thong to preparing to enter the awards show in her \\"vessel\\" egg the viewer will be bombarded with eye candy.  Direct flash is the main technique that Richardson chooses and I applaud him for doing so.  It creates a caught of guard moment in time and secures it with every image.    Everything in this book inspires me to keep pursuing my dreams in life and to always be who I am with pride.  My eyes well up with happiness and excitement every single time that I look at this book.  It is a beautiful display of pages that exhibit what Gaga does for her Little Monsters day in and day out.   Thank you Gaga for your dedication to us Little Monsters!
B004HO6I4W|5.0|Bought this on black friday for a great deal... prior to ever seeing the movie before.  But it is very cute!  Fun story and great animation.
B000QRIGLC|5.0|While many of our brave soldiers are telling their stories, Marcus Luttrell shares his incredible story of Operation Red Wings from a firsthand perspective.  It is an amazing story of the struggle to survive in the face of adversity. Given the extent of Marcus' injuries, I was amazed at the amount of details that he was able to recall for his telling of his story.  The credit for that would have to run parallel with the intense Seal Team training that each of the US NAVY's SEALS receives.  Their attention to detail is unflawed, and is perfectly portrayed in this book.  MARCUS, DANNY, MATT, and MICHAEL, like all our US Forces serving our country, are true American Hero's. This book was a very easy read, and hard to put down.
B000ATQYT2|5.0|This is one of my husband's favorite holiday movies and is one of the best versions of the Christmas Carol.  Not too dark like some of the other versions are... great for adults and kids alike :)
B002Z8IWMS|4.0|Over the weekend I read through The Presentation Secrets of Steve Jobs: How to be Insanely Great in Front of Any Audience. While not all of it was completely applicable to pastors (as Jobs didn't have to do a presentation or sermon once a week), there was a lot of nuggets in there for any leader or communicator.<br /><br />The author, Carmine Gallo shared 18 things that Jobs did in his presentations that every communicator needs to do. Here are a few that jumped out to me personally as applicable for pastors.<br /><br />Plan in analog. Before starting to write a sermon or presentation, know where it will go. Don't start with pictures, slides, graphics, notes or handouts. Research, plan, know the goal and then write it.<br /><br />Answer the question that matters most. According to Gallo, when people listen to a presentation they have one question, \\"Why should I care?\\" While that is not the only question a pastor should answer in a sermon, I believe Gallo is right in that, if you don't answer this question it will be hard to keep their attention when you get to Jesus.<br /><br />Create twitter-like headlines. This has been written about by Dave Ferguson in The Big Idea and Andy Stanley in Communicating for a Change. Have one main idea you are trying to get across, not 3 or 5 points. One thing, hammer it over and over.<br /><br />Make it look effortless. Preaching is hard work, it is weighty. But, when you stand up to preach, you should be so prepared that it looks effortless. You should know your topic, be ready, confessed your sins to God, preach with a right heart that it just flows out of you.<br /><br />Here are a few other things that jumped out:<br /><br />-Jobs didn't sell products, he sold the dream of a better future.<br />-Jobs explained the why before the how.<br />-The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.<br />-Your brain craves meaning before details.<br />-In a presentation, start with the big picture - theproblem - before filling in the details (your solution).<br />-Always answer, \\"Why do you need this?\\"<br />-Ideas are more easily remembered when associated with a picture.
B004G6009U|4.0|As a fan of most of the princess movies (except Snow White... her voice is WAY too high pitched!)... this one is definitely worth adding to your collection.  The animation is great, the characters are fun and the voices are a good pitch :)  I'm excited to share this movie with my daughter for years to come!
B002KSPKRS|5.0|I love this headset. It keeps my husbands games on mute and we only have to deal with him yelling at the tv not all the explosions! HAHA
B004U52VPS|3.0|My children all within the ages of 3 - 14 love this game! There constantly adding new challenges. However, we did not purchase the item here - we purchased it at toysrus... they are selling it half the price.
B005HPY8LU|5.0|While I am a Kelly Clarkson fan, much of her past work did not hit the mark for me. However, I liked every song on this CD. This may be Kelly's best work to date.
B005H0IW6W|4.0|Listening to the new one & the first one (LET IT SNOW).  I like the new one ..just ok...but LOVE ,LOVE, LOVE  the first one better.  As a 71 year old I prefer the \\"traditional\\"!  Plus my favorite \\"Grown Up Christmas List\\" is so perfect for this era of \\"unrest\\" & general uncertainty.    I own all of the BUBLE' albums...including the Hollywood album of Crazy Love..Enjoy them all on a daily basis. Play in my car, on the computer  & on the stereo with the \\"big-speakers\\"  however, I was not impressed with the Xmas T.V. Special....besides it being too early in December to be in the right Xmas mood.
0316098515|2.0|i will start by saying this is one of the most beautiful cookbooks i have EVER seen, and will probably buy one just so i can cut out some of the photographs and frame them for my kitchen.  however: upon flipping throught the book, i realized that there was probably not a single recipe i'd actully make! therefore- only 2 stars. the ingredients are things i have neveer even heard of. 'nuff said.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Very flexible version of Spider. Very good programming, & fast, especially when you consider it is free!  I will certainly check out MobilityWare's other apps!
B003NZZ39C|4.0|...Including the kitchen sink.  I went that way, yeah?  Yeah, I did indeed.  A good spin-off could learn from this.  Well then, gettin' some beer on.  Peace to the world, death to the Middle East, and to hell with Uncle Sam's decision team!
0553801473|4.0|So I agree with a lot of the other reviews that say AFFC and ADWD are not as good as the first three books in the series, but I think this is because we're thinking of them as two separate books, when they were always envisioned as being one extremely long book. It's unfortunate that GRRM took a billion years to release AFFC, and then two billion to release ADWD (who knows when TWOW will be released?? I am sad just thinking about it), but if you read the two books in chronological order just as the first 3 books are written, they are just as wonderful and exciting as the other books in the series, with the added benefit of having some of the most beautiful inner monologues of recent fiction. Brienne's journey in AFFC and Tyrion's travelogue of ADWD are nothing short of masterful.
B005BJ7Y54|3.0|Girls, a band consisting of just two guys--and no girls--pretty much came out of nowhere with their excellent 2009 debut album, simply called \\"Album\\". Even more amazing was the significant splash that album made, well received by the critics and indie-music fans alike. After releasing a stop-gap 6 track EP in late 2010, now finally comes the band's second full-length studio release.<br /><br />\\"Father, Son, Holy Ghosts\\" (11 tracks; 53 min.) starts off with an innocent sounding \\"Honey Bunny\\", although it is immediately clear that the production on here is much more polished than the debut album ever was. \\"Die\\" provides the first true head-scratcher, it's a classic rock song coming from somewhere around 1976, period. The dreamy ballad \\"My Ma\\" continues along that same classic-rock pattern. As does \\"Vomit\\"! By the time we get to the 8 min. jam-out that is \\"Forgiveness\\", I am quite confused by this all. Is this the same band that brought us \\"Album\\"? Not that this music is not good, but this album is a significant departure from the early sound. Seemingly gone is the early eccentricity, and polished power songs are the way to go now.<br /><br />I've had this album over 2 months, and simply held off reviewing this, as conflicted as I was/am over this album. Again, this is not a bad album per se, but it takes quite a few spins to get comfortable with the idea that this is Girls. Still haven't had a chance to see this band in concert. I can only imagine they'd bring a number of guests with them to play these songs in a live setting. Maybe even a few girls. Meanwhile, if you loved \\"Album\\", beware, this album may or may not be your cup of tea.
0061974307|5.0|this is one of the best books i have read in a very long time.  you become immersed in the characters and their lives.  the stories told from the different angles are so realistic and simple yet so heart wrenching.  i fell in love with every character...especially the biological father.  it is a beautiful story and finding who you are and being happy with what you find.
B004NGXGJ4|5.0|The is an excellent book and I am very satisfied with my purchase from Amazon. I'd recommend this book for your middle school son or daughter.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|Great game, until it no longer works on ICS. Hopefully this is recognized and patched soon so I may continue to enjoy this game on the go.
B003YL4LYI|3.0|At this point I cannot stop reading this series because of the connection Martin is able to create between the reader and his characters but if he continues to dilute the story with new characters and plotlines I may have no choice.
B004SHED22|5.0|I'll admit I normally find myself bored with books written about this event in that they all are very similar. It was refreshing and unique to see the story from this perspective. I felt emotion for the characters and felt myself continue reading just to find out where they would wind up. I thoroughly enjoyed it and look forward to more books from this author.
1575666286|3.0|The Gerson Therapy is fantastic, and the bulk of inspirational videos and movies on the subject are very good. However, this book, despite its intent, is disorganized and without a quick-reference solution guide for each scenario (and for which, the Gerson Therapy proponents suggest there is). Provide the Gerson \\"Rx\\" clearly, specifically; good grief.<br /><br />If the author believes there is is a particular remedy for various problems, then it should be provided clearly, up-front and as an easy reference for the reader.<br /><br />Make this book a \\"shake-and-bake\\" receipe guide, and you'll have a functional product. As is, I really don't recommend this book. The printing was unimpressive as well; lighter than it could have been.
B0039M41X8|5.0|There is not such thing as hair band music, instead melodic metal and it's  hard rockin roots bring forth clear singing and playing , with artists who are greater musicans than the best of thrash metal and all of death metal usually without even trying. The scorpions are at the top of melodic metal , from their psych rock roots to their great 70's releases into the 80's sound they were always a powerful unit. On this one they are still at it and this one is filled with great songs, from rockers to ballads there's not a bad song on here. Just like 'humanity' this one is prime metal made by pros. I got the japanese version with a extra song on it and it was worth it to me as I love the scorpions.  This isn't the end of this band and that's a good thing.
B004SDSSFY|3.0|It is difficult to test this program without access to my document database. Fingers crossed that access to Dropbox is on the way. Otherwise an expensive app to gather digital dust on my Kindle Fire App bookcase.
B004I8WD7S|2.0|I bought this case, in addition to [[ASIN:B004SOY2DA Incipio NGP Case for iPhone 4 - Matte Red - 1 Pack - Carrying Case - Retail Packaging]] and [[ASIN:B005T0DXF0 Speck Products PixelSkin HD Case for iPhone 4/4S - 1 Pack - Carrying Case - Retail Packaging - Soot]].  I was looking for a TPU case, with good front bumper protection in the event of a face-down drop.<br /><br />I'm keeping the Incipio NGP case.<br /><br />The Amazon case feels extremely cheap.  Granted, it is cheap, but it feels disproportionately cheap.  Other gripes are that I don't like that it has an opening for the Apple logo.  It's just not something I want.  Finally, \\"AmazonBasics\\" is pad-printed on the case, which I really don't like.
B002S0OBMS|2.0|Tried to listen to this several times.  My wife and I are fans of the original and this is just a self indulgent disappointment.<br />ALW is doing the same thing Lucas did with the Star Wars franchise, creating something for the sake of dollars and indulging his waning creativity.<br />Sorry, this is so far in quality from the original, I can't bear to keep it.  Even if this isn't a \\"sequel\\" but rather an \\"alternative story\\" it's subpar.
0805047905|5.0|This is a must for any children's library.  I had this for my kids growing up and I think I still know it by heart. The cadence of the writing makes it a fun and easy out loud read, and the fun of turning the page to see the next colorful animal delighted my kids.  It's a winner.
0316168815|5.0|Bought this for way cheap! it was gently used and I loved it! Will buy used books from amazon again.
B005OCFHHK|4.0|My only issue is that because this is the first one to come out the later ones will likely have more special features and that is only my theory.
B0051QIGP4|3.0|Bought this for .99 cents the day after it came out. Most of the songs i like... judas is a little funny... too much gay pride for me. But all around a good cd for .99 cents.
1451627289|5.0|I am just as glad that this novel didn't vault straight to the assassination time and pretty much hunker down there for almost a thousand pages.  Instead the character is required to try to stop the assassination but starting in 1958!  This means that he has to leave America of 2011 and go live in America of 1958 to 1963.  This means he lives a life during that era, when I was growing up.  I was growing up in Ohio not Texas but it is not a huge difference.  He teaches school then and has to deal with the regressive policies of school boards yet also does not have the problems in the classroom that we have today. He has to live off and on as the neighbor to Lee and Marina Oswald, which I found absolutely fascinating. He falls in love with a woman of that era. He saves another family, a janitor's family from a janitor he knows in 2011 but saves his family in 1958.  Yet despite all these life saving missions, he warns you throughout that the past resists being changed and is obdurate.  The whole is a rollicking good saga.  I haven't read King in awhile.  I used to read every single book.  I'm glad I came back for this one.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B005LLSLPE|2.0|I burned through the first couple of seasons on Netflix and liked those OK.  However, I have picked it back up this year on FX.  And I have to say, it's hard to like this show.  Bunch of hard dudes having hard, deadly serious conversations with gravely voices.  Jax is the worst.  Bunch of hard dudes meet for a deal.  Talk real gravely.  Start shooting.  Lather, rinse, repeat.  Lame.
145551389X|5.0|The Book is AMAZING! Great behind of the scene pictures. It shows emotional moments and her happiest during the Monster Ball Tour. My favorite picture of the book is where she's seen crying after winning the video of the year for \\"Bad Romance\\". There is a real person under those wacky costumes she wears. Great Photo book for any die-hard lady gaga fan.
B004529NKC|5.0|I purchased this for my grandson, who is 4 years old.  He was watching it on cable and loves to dance with the actors.  He loves it.  Thanks.
B004K4AVAG|5.0|Three Grammy nominations for \\"Born this way\\". The CD is basically about self-acceptance, and love who you are. She basically preach's in this album and lets her fans know that they were Born this way.
B004LWZW4M|5.0|As soon as the credits rolled in the movie theather I knew I had to own this DVD. It is awesome to say the least. The story line is developed, the graphics are there and how they showed Caesar progress made the movie in my opinion. A lot of people are bringing up the movies \\"subliminal meaning\\" and how \\"unrealistic\\" the police response is, I think both of those are crap, the movie has no subliminal message and as far as the police response, IT'S A MOVIE FOLKS.
B005SV9X22|5.0|I've seen the Monster Ball tour twice in Houston, I can say that the live is much better than the dvd version. One of the things I didn't like from the editing is that they did not include the interludes. Those were essential to the show and it should have been included. One thing that I can agree on she does talk alot and reminds me of a church. But I like it. If you haven't seen her life then this DVD can work for you.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|this game is very addictive, and i love the storyline. i can pretty much say this is one of the best mahjong game out there.
B005HP2J66|1.0|It REALLY does not take much to hold my attention, but this film was so dull I couldn't even stay focused for the whole thing.  I did not see it in 3-D, so maybe that's part of it, but it seemed to me that they could've done with a good editor to cut out some of the unnecessary bits.  At one point I looked up and they were showing albino alligators and wondering what the alligators would think of the cave paintings.  .....?!?!  lol
B005MH8ZTE|4.0|Beautiful baroque music... You won't be disappointed. Except, maybe, with the inclusion of the overplayed Four Seasons by Vivaldi. But even there, the interpretation in this collection is somewhat novel and unexpected. I'm very happy I made this purchase. I play them randomly on my car stereo, and it keeps me calm and happy during even the nastiest of commutes. :)
B004EPZ0BQ|5.0|cute movie about modern romance and the thing that can happen,both actor were very light harded and funny was alot of fun to watch,definatly a thumbs up
B003FNWR6Y|5.0|This game  great fun for the family. It teaches the importance of waiting for the right opportunity and not blowing your cash on the first round of the game as I do  Now, Monopoly has always been a fun game,  but now even more fun because you can play as your favorite Nintendo characters. This game is Educational about the real world! I think it has helped my kids with their  math. Learning how to count out the money to pay for property or rent. We try to sit down once a week to have \\"family game night\\". Monopoly is always on the top of our list.
B003Y5H4YI|4.0|good movies but the plot was a little slow so it was easy to not really get in to this movie
0439813786|5.0|Usually books use pictures to help the reader visualize what they are reading.  The Invention of Hugo Cabret takes it a step further by using the pictures to tell the story.  This book is a beautiful work of art.  You feel as if you are watching a movie as you are reading the book.  Make sure to take the time to look at each picture carefully and admire what is happening in it.  I don't buy a lot of books, but after checking this one out from the library I decided I had to have it as part of my personal library.
B004X80QNG|5.0|Automatically synced with my Google Calendar and is showing everything as it should. The graphics are fantastic and makes it very easy to see. It also syncs with my Toodledo task manager account. Love it.
8185300453|5.0|After reading this book multiple times over the past 10 years, the Maharaj's voice began to change (as I read). The man being interviewed was not speaking metaphorically; though speaking with a man's voice, a larger wisdom from a larger source was being revealed. Consistently.<br /><br />My favorite line of the whole book:<br /><br />Question regarding suffering: \\"...What is the remedy?\\"<br /><br />M: \\"Stop seeking remedies.\\"<br /><br />And then the questioner follows up with another question about remedies... failing to see that M's response WAS the answer.<br /><br />At this point, my paperback copy is so mutilated, marked up, dog-eared, and the pages so thoroughly chewed on that it's time for a hardbound copy.<br /><br />Other reviewers have said it perfectly: this is the first and last book you'll ever need. If you read it and follow its guidance.
0385344325|5.0|Lee Child has created one of my favorite characters - a hero like none other.( I read in the newspaper that a movie was going to be made and that Tom Cruise was going to be \\"Reacher!\\" Please say it isn't so! Cruise will never be Reacher.) The story lines are believable and the bad guys get what's coming to them and Reacher leaves quietly, heading for the next town and the next mess to clean up. I get an advance notice from Amazon so I can get Reacher \\"hot off the press\\". If you like adventure/action, you're come to the right place.
0062060554|4.0|I purchased this based on reviews and was not disappointed.  Kept me guessing until toward the end, where I did have a hunch as to the outcome.  Very impressive for a first novel.  I am recommending it to my family members.
B0063IH60K|5.0|fun,fast and a good basic solitaire game for all users of kindle fire. great free app for the casual player and solitaire buff alike.
B0061JPYX2|5.0|Been waiting for this for a long time!  I finally got it.  It was a gift and I know the person is going to THRILLED!  Thank you!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|The best book i've ever read. very addicting. I wish there wans more than 3 books. A must buy and if you dont you will be sorry.
0439023513|2.0|I read this book a month after it came out (it's about time I reviewed it), and thought I was going to love it.  I opened it at 10:00 at night and was prepared to fall in love with it.  After three chapters I was kind of confused, but I kept telling myself it was going to get better, this was The Hunger Games!  But instead of the explosive final chapters of other trilogies, this was the most violent, depressing one I have ever read.<br /><br />Katniss was supposed to finally become the fire that leads the rebellion against the Capital!  But what we have is a digressing katniss who does whatever everyone tells her to do.  Gale, who after how much time was shared between him and Katniss should have ended up with her, is now the annoying friend, Peeta is very scary, and everyone is on Morphing.<br /><br />SPOLILERSSSSSSSSSS***********<br /><br />Prim's death is TOTALLY unnecessary! They should have at least left one person she loved, besides Peeta, stay! ANd the ending is just badddddd.  The real-not-real thing was blaaaa and Peeta your a dandilion makes him seem like a wuss, and that Gale has 'too much fire and I have my own' made no sense, because in this book the IS NO FIRE IN KATNISS WHATSOEVER.<br /><br />After reading this, I did feel a sense of accomplishment, like I had started something great and gotten through the bad parts.  I give it two stars, because the suspense of finding Katniss'sn fire again kept me reading.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|I saw this on HBO last year and loved it.  Not having seen Band of Brothers, I can't make any comparison.  I just ordered BOB, but haven't received it yet.  After watching this for the first time, I thought it was the best and most realistic view of WWII compared to anything I had seen before.  I felt like I was right there among the action seeing the war from a different perspective.  Most WWII films I had seen glamorized the war far too much and left out a great deal compared to this production.  The fighting scenes are excellent.  Those looking for the glamour of war should probably look elsewhere.  I was suprised that the packaging was in a metal container as I heard Band of Brothers is.  It's well worth the price.  I had no problems with any of the discs and the bonus content was great since I didn't see this during it's run on HBO.  In my opinion, any mini-series Tom Hanks has been involved with is worth watching.  I also liked his John Adams series.  For me, these historical mini-series give me a view on life I've never seen.  I hope they do one on the Vietnam War since I believe its veterans have not been given the honor they've deserved all these years.  At least many of them are still alive and could give us some great commentary.  I'm looking forward to seeing Band of Brothers to see why some people love it more and hate The Pacific.  From what I understand from a Tom Hanks interview on The Pacific DVD set, Band of Brothers did not detail the characters lives after the war like The Pacific did.  The Tom Hanks interview said many Vietnam vets felt excluded and not represented in Band of Brothers which is why The Pacific was created to show the other side of the war.  NOTE:  Edited to update after watching full DVD series.  My original review was only based on the series on HBO.
0545128285|5.0|I saw this book at Target for $13, but didn't want to spend that much at the time. Lo and behold, I snagged it used on Amazon for $4. It was listed as used in good condition, which it was, with the exception of a stain on a few of the pages. Not a big deal, but as a suggestion: don't eat cheetos while reading a book. Just don't.<br /><br />I would recommend this book for any Harry Potter fan. Non-HP fans would enjoy it too, but the little nods to the series and Dumbledore's notes are what make the book, I think. I loved the stories: short, but with a point. I loved Tale of the Three Brothers the best just because of the movie, but The Fountain of Fair Fortune is a close second. The Warlock's Hairy Heart was creepy, but with a very good message. Can't wait to read them to my kids one day.
0307891372|4.0|While the guide itself is a wonderful item, it is not 100% needed. The majority of the information is easily available online, however the beauty of the guide and the easy access (instead of having to get up and fiddle around with your computer trying to find information) makes it worth it. Happy Skyrimming!
B000OPPBEQ|4.0|This trilogy is great! one of the best in the history of cinema. This collection is great however, isn't special edition, as their menu is the same as the previous DVD collection, the only thing that makes it special is 2 DVD extra material not in HDDVD, the rest is still very good Collection
B0067Q42BY|5.0|This game is awsome we had it for the Playstaion Go its EFFIN AWSOME its bettter on a bigger screen
1451627289|5.0|Stephen King at his best!!  [[ASIN:1451627289 11/22/63: A Novel]]Could not put it down!! I love the way he takes you right into the story as if you were a fly on the wall watching everything happen!!
B005IZLPMY|1.0|I was at Blockbuster the other day checking out new releases when some guy that worked there suggested I check out \\"Captain America\\". I Spent my hard earned $5 on this garbage and can't even call it a movie!  Why would anyone in their right mind pay to see this nonsense.  The plot made NO sense whatsoever, I thought Captain America was supposed to say the world.....instead he destroyed it! Whatever happened to earth, fire, wind and water? This is not the Captain American cartoon that I remember watching!  For good movies check out anything with Pauly Shore, Ghost Ship, Titanic, Battlefield Earth, or Catwoman! oh,and anything by Carrot Top works too!
B0052UZIFA|2.0|I love playing this game, but it's really unstable. It constantly causes my Samsung Vibrant to crash, and it randomly wipes out the history of my profile, causing me to have to start over at the beginning. It has done this countless times. Once, it crashed so severely that I had to uninstall and reinstall the program. Popcap Games is a large enough, solid enough company that it should have addressed these problems before they ever sold it, but now, even after many complaints about the same problems from users across the spectrum, they STILL haven't fixed it. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the game concept, when it works, is pretty good.
B006IND5M8|4.0|This movie had an interesting variation on the traditional western flick.  Even though the movie had plenty of action, it sort of dragged at times.  For example, the ending lasted nearly 10 minutes, with at least three closure scenes.  Overall, I would recommend it.
B004W4N55C|2.0|getting force close on transpose on asus transformer running at stock. i would rate the app higher if it worked. runs fine on droid x
B005SJIP2S|1.0|Without question, the vocalist of the band is the hardest to replace. Oddly enough, Yes actually had some success with this in the past with Trevor Horn on the Drama album. I am a total Yes fan and would like nothing more than a new live album to enjoy. But something is not quite right. The problem with imitation is that even a good one is still imitation. As with many things there are those that will love this new effort and those that will find it annoying. The new vocalist not only tries to imitate Jon Anderson's vocal style, but his heart and soul. In my opinion, he fails in both efforts. Both on this live album with established Yes classics and on the new album with new composition. This is not to say that for the casual listener it is not a reasonable substitute. The good news is that on Amazon you can preview the selections. So don't take my word for it, judge for yourself. As a long time fan I have attended more than fifteen Yes concerts and actually had ticket to the tour that was cancelled when Jon fell ill with pneumonia. This current incarnation of Yes sounds pretty good until the vocals start. That's when it get's annoying. Miss you Jon Anderson. I'll be passing on Yes albums and tours until you return.
B005Z271Y6|5.0|I have the Blu Ray, the picture is superb. The sound quality of the Blu Ray is good but not great like many Blu Rays.  I personally liked the way it is filmed, not too jumpy and plenty of close shots of Adele. As for the performance, I've seen videos of her on Jools Holland's TV show (on youtube) and in some of those her voice was better than it is during this concert. She was obviously having some voice problems around this time, but overall her voice sounds very good. Adele is a great singer who has a powerful voice and she puts a lot of feeling and style into her vocals. She is also a very good songwriter who manages to connect with her audience. Overall, this is a bright young talent and a good show. She jokes around a lot and tells stories and you can see that she truly respects her fans.  You also get a stereo cd along with the dvd, good value. Adele is a big time star, she is already the top selling female recording artist in history in England and she is only 22 years old.
B002H3F7F6|1.0|This could be the soundtrack from a movie where teenager after teenager commits suicide. I did not find a single uplifting song on this album but rather found that the music was designed to make the listener feel depressed.
B004EPZ06Q|1.0|Yeah you can watch it on your computer, but you have to download the flixster collections application and run it there; you can't run it in iTunes?!
0811875040|5.0|A little book with a real punch!  It is so beautiful.  The recipes all sound wonderful. It is definitely charming.  I cannot wait to bake some of the yummies!
144234430X|5.0|I am a longtime King fan, but I do feel that his more recent books have been uneven and I haven't loved all of them. This book seems like a return to form.  As always, King provides great character development and excellent descriptive prose that makes me feel like I am back in the last 50's right along with the protaganist (even though I wasn't alive then!).  Full disclosure, I am only about halfway through the book, as I purchased it on CD to help get me through the long drives over the holidays, but I have been so into it that I have been listening to it even during a 5 minute drive.  So far, this book seems like King's more character/story driven books (like The Stand, The Shining) rather than the more supernaturally driven books (Pet Semetary, It), but that may change towards the end (as a lot of his books seem too). Either way, I am enjoying the ride.
B0055PMURG|5.0|This was incredible story of the how the human spirit can overcome trials and misfortunes in life as long as we have something for our faith to cling on to. Bethany showed us how to overcome tragedy and still follow her dreams. I recommend this movie for the whole family. It's inspiring, moving, and motivating. It was funny seeing Dennis Quaid and Helen Hunt reunite again after so many years after \\"Twister\\" and make a great come back with this movie. I highly recommend this movie, especially if you have children that need that extra encouragement. I'm not a surfer, but those surfing scenes almost convinced me into trying this one day. This true story definitely merited a movie!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Fast, quick and enjoyable. Easy to work while traveling,makes time to fly by.  Touch screen easy to manuver. If you like playing the actual card game you will really enjoy this on Fire Kindle!
B0052RE4MQ|2.0|B O R I N G ......So much potential after Matched.   After trecherous journey such little Passion. how is that possible. Ms. Condie must illuminate the striking ang  b  b  Boring where is the Passion....
B002QGUFWE|5.0|Love the CD! The texture of the songs I find really amazing. I am an old fart and almost NEVER enjoy any new talent, I listen to 60's-80's music, the stuff I grew up on mainly, I can look at a top 10 now and wont know any of the artists. But with Lady GaGa, ignore the hype if you want, just the album...it is art, really art, much more than just music, but a work of artistic art. The way the songs are crafted and produced, very original and very good and many are a good positive spin on life. I find her music very refreshing and enjoyable!
B004NS710C|3.0|As I watched this I wondered if it was a cautiuonary tale about obesety as the cause of the whole thing was the train conductor (the brother from 'My Name is Earl' is too fat to chase down his engine that gets away from him.  It appears to me the story itself was not engaging enough that a train was going to roar into Scranton, PA (were the folks of 'The Office' aware of this?) that the story had to be ramped up with Chris Pine constantly calling his wife on his cell phone and cuts to Hooters where Denzel's daughters work.    Each time we see it on the television broadcast we see the words 'Runaway Train'.  Why is the movie not called that? Because that movie has already been made featuring Eric Roberts, John Voight, and Rebecca Demorney. I think it is a better movie.
B005WZZRD8|5.0|Great set for Born this way. Also has the HBO special in DVD form. I wish it included the Born this way country mix, but other than that, it's a great set for the money.
B001OMJGD0|3.0|Sure, Kevin Spacey chews up the screen in this return of the big fella but while some of the shots are nice Superman appears to be a bit of a stalker as he hovers around to check out Lois Lane's comings and goings.  The boy appears to be his son. A try, made a few bucks.
B005PTYOTE|5.0|If you already own all the DVD's, bummer, but if you're new to the movie series, get these! Notice: This review will self-destruct in 5 mins.
0811879542|5.0|I bought this book to give to a friend after reading through it in a store. It's really wonderful. It has different colored buttons on each side and the words to the book say things like \\"Press the red button\\" and \\"Now, press all the buttons really hard!\\" It's really great to teach the kiddos about their colors! Enjoy!
B000002UVX|5.0|Jimi's studio material is what he lived for, although this for a LIVE show is considered among if not his best work as it was recorded to be a album (to fulfill a lawsuit he had against him). Most Live shows by Jimi were nothing more than \\"jams\\", this show has structure, it's like being live in the studio of sorts. Machine Gun is truly the centerpiece of this album. The rest are ok-ish and the 2 Buddy Miles songs doesn't help any. All and in though, it's still a good listen and must for any Jimi fan, plus on a side note, it was the last thing released in Jimi's lifetime and he did personally produce this album (as he did with Electric Ladyland). He used the name \\"Heaven Research\\" as producer for some reason.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|Now all of my favorite Harry Potter movies are in one compact DVD set. It's great and it was a great price too!
B00328G4Y8|5.0|Jimi's poetry in song for you to enjoy! This album, which was a rushed job, Jimi said he hated that of this album the most, stands out as his most personal and poetic collection of songs to be released on a album in his lifetime. The pre-rap style vocals on \\"Castles made of sand\\" along with the picturesque lyrics imprints scenes in your mind as you follow the dialogue in song. The infamous \\"If 6 was 9\\" lamentation still runs poignant and proper today as it did yesterday in Jimi's world, calling out the hatred and greed of those who seek to oppress those who conjure the simplistic lifestyle of universal freedom, Jimi says \\"I'm the one thats gonna die when it's my time to die, so let me live my life the way I want too!  There, sing on Brother, Play on Drummer......\\"<br /><br />Play on Jimi......play on!
B00632HWOG|1.0|I found this app so frustrating on K-Fire, got it because Yahoo classic refused to work.  Very sorry I made this choice, so much time wasted trying to write or edit, absolutely maddening with quirks like punctuation disappearing mid-word.
B001IXSU8M|5.0|Regardless of what you may feel about Lady GaGa and the hype, this album is truly a piece of art. The texture in these songs is art. It so goes against the grain of standard mainstream music. Just as the Beatles Sgt Pepper's album was considered ART by some critics and more than just music, I also concur that this album is art.  One side note, it's interesting to see her first music video \\"Just Dance\\" in the low budget of it, looks almost home made, to the videos that went after it, Poker Face, ect. She didn't come out of the gates in full force with her record label, but earned it, true talent will find an audience!
1400069181|5.0|When you look at the TOMS website or hearing about the TOMS story, it's really easy to think, \\"Wow. That Blake guy sure knows what he's doing. That was just a kick-start success. There's no way I could ever do something that really helped people like that.\\" Trust me, this is certainly not the case. TOMS is a very simple, yet extremely successful idea: one for one. You buy a pair of shoes (and now glasses as well!) and a pair of shoes is given away. Simple, yet makes a huge difference.  Start Something That Matters outlines several steps to, as Mahatma Gandhi said, \\"Be the change you want to see in the world.\\" After sharing the TOMS story, Blake talks about finding your story--\\"Facts are neutral until human beings add their own meaning to those facts. People make their decisions based on what the facts mean to them, not on the facts themselves. The meaning they add to facts depends on their current story . . . facts are not terribly useful to influencing others. People don't need new facts--they need a new story.\\" -Annette Simmons  What were key factors involved in the TOMS story that helped make it so successful? And how can those same principles be applied to your story? Broken down into six steps, we can start something that matters:  Face your fears  Be resourceful without resources  Keep it simple  Build trust  Giving is good business  The final step  Initially, I was excited to read this book because I wanted to learn more about TOMS. But as I kept reading (which by the way, I literally couldn't put this book down once I started!), I began to take ownership of my very own story...and I began to start dreaming and seeing possibilities take shape.  I highly recommend this book!
B004VMUS9G|5.0|We use this app instead of our alarm clock.  I LOVE that you can set it to wake you with music that gradually gets louder.  It makes it so much nicer to wake up to.  No jarring music or nasty alarms screaming at you.  (Unless you want to wake up that way.)  We wake up calmly, but we absolutely wake up.  You can't ignore the alarm.  It just is a nicer way to wake up.<br /><br />The app allows you to pick a ring tone or music.  When I set up the first alarm, I realized this app has every feature you could possibly think of in regards to an alarm.  I set it to remind us when my kids should be starting school.  When they have to log on to the website for Live Lessons with their online school.  It's great!  I'm not missing my appointments when I set this alarm.  I did forget to take the headphones off my Kindle Fire one night.  The next morning I took the headphones off the Fire to put it in my purse and it was playing music.  I realized the alarm had been going for the past 3 hours, but since it was playing through my headphones I hadn't noticed.  LOL!!  So you can tell it not to turn off until you dismiss the alarm or push snooze.  You can even tell it not to snooze at all.  My husband set it to answer a math question before it will shut off or snooze.  That has prevented a lot of his constant snoozing on our regular alarm.  :)  It's much better for my sleep since I don't get up for another hour after him.  He sets his Alarm Clock Xtreme on his Fire and I set mine.  It's so much better than sharing the same loud and obnoxious alarm clock that sometimes set my heart fluttering.  I HATE to wake up that way.  This app has improved my mornings by waking me up in a nice way!
B005PTQPU0|4.0|Although I've always been a Kate Bush fan, I was hesitant to purchase this latest CD after reading the negative reviews.  However, I finally decided `how bad can it really be' and purchased it in spite of those reviews.  Glad I did, as it is a nice CD.  Yes, if you are all jazzed up and in the mood to rock out, you are definitely not going to like this CD.  But if you've come home after a hard day and want to put on a CD to chill out and relax to, this is a very good CD.  The entire CD is very low key, laid back, mellow, and melodic, and all the songs seem to flow together well.  In particular, based on some of the negative reviews I was expecting a couple of the songs to really stink or at least stick out like sore thumbs, those being the title track and the tune with Elton John on vocals.  Those tunes however are fine and seem to fit in or flow with the rest of the tunes.  I guess some might say this is elevator/waiting room background Muzak, but I wouldn't go that far (not that being background muzak is necessarily bad).  Without a doubt I would not call this CD her best, but again it is still a nice CD in the right setting/mood.
B004EPZ06Q|1.0|Ultra violet copies are a useless ploy to try to get us to subscribe to more things! Bring back the straight up digital copy. We cant put ultra violet on our i-pods!!!
B000NDI3SK|5.0|A very nice remastered DVD set. I enjoyed this series back in the early 70's on the local PBS station. I remember Anthony Hopkins presenting the series back then but this is not part of this collection. Regardless, a very good educational series which is pleasantly still fairly current.  [[ASIN:B000NDI3SK The Ascent of Man]]
1451648537|5.0|Having been in the computer industry, I was interested in getting a better perspective from inside the head of Apple's, Steve Jobs. Fascinating read about one of the industries most respected individuals, but also seeing the dark nature of a man on his own mission. Truly genius in many ways, and in others, a very cold man. It takes you from his early childhood up until probably days before his untimely death. A very worth while read.
0307346617|5.0|This book was AWESOME! I read it super fast,couldn't put it down! I love it. It's soon to be a movie as well. It reads differently too, which is a plus. If you like this, you'll also like THE PATRIOTS.
B005H0IW6W|1.0|I own this CD and it will be at the bottom of my Christmas choices.  I do not enjoy hearing  Michael Buble singing country while Shania Twain yodels?    Really Santa \\"Buddy\\" is awful!
B005V20JKI|5.0|this game has clean and adorable graphics. I find Muffin Knight positively addicting! I love the myriad of different characters and how well designed they are as well.
0553801473|4.0|I finished this book a few months ago and admittedly felt very let down by the ending. To have waited so long for some progress or resolution on some of the open plot lines and to get so little or to leave things so unresolved is frustrating.<br /><br />But at the same time, I've read 5 books since finishing Dance, and not enjoyed a single one more than I enjoyed Dance with Dragons. It certainly isn't up to the standard set by the first three novels in the series, but it is still an excellent read.
B005UKJX4E|5.0|The love it or hate it reviews of this film (189 as of this writing) are fascinating to read, and it was time well invested reading many of them.  This movie shows the creation story itself, but frames it in the opening scenes where a family suffers the anguish attendant to the death of their son (I presume during the Vietnam War).  This is remarkable.  Mallick actually shows us the connection between God's love, our anguish, and the creation of space and time itself.  And I haven't even scratched the surface of what follows.  Even the 2 minute trailer for this film is quite remarkable; a sort of video poem that contains just about everything that is to come.   So yes, I loved it and I've never seen anything like it, but what about the sheer anger this film unleashed on the part of so many reviewers?  Many of those who loved the film can't make sense of so much raging by those who hated it.  But don't ignore the bad reviews--remember what this movie is ultimately about.  This is the most honest Christian story I have ever seen put to the screen.  Look at the Gospel accounts.  When hasn't an honest telling of God's love unleashed such hate?  This is all a testament to the film's remarkable success.
B00656C6KK|5.0|Doris Day turned the world on its ear when she first started out with the Les Brown Band, and over 75 recorded songs with that aggregation attest to her popularity as the Best Female Band Singer of the 40's.  And then came her own recording contract with two top ten hits and million sellers in her first year under the aegis of Columbia Records, where she recorded hundreds of songs until she retired many years later. Then she became a world-renowned film star (for acting, dancing, singing and dramatics). Did she ever win an Oscar? Not yet.  Did she ever win a Grammy...yes, after the fact. Did those people in power recognize her amazing talents? You bet they did.  Let the Streisands and Celine Dions and Amy Winehouses of the current generation take home their awards; REAL musicians know the true talent that comes in two words...DORIS DAY.  And now, it is reaffirmed in two more words..MY HEART.  This album is FANTASTIC.  Every track is worth undivided listening again and again and again.
B0063IH60K|5.0|easy to play and some nice backgrounds for the cards. You have some chance to beat the house. easier to play with stylus._
B005IZLPKQ|4.0|This is a Christmas gift, I was very happy with transaction. Packaged very secure, arrived in excelant condition, shipped promptly.
B002KT3XH6|4.0|This book contains everything you ever wanted to know about the women who were silly, greedy, and vain enough to marry Henry VIII. (The exception would be Catherine of Aragon who, being the first wife, was unable to know how Henry would become.) Ms Weir has done outstanding research into virtually every aspect of the lives of these six women. As I read further and further into the book, I was constantly amazed at the willingness of these women to open themselves to the cruelty, or death, Henry subjected each of them to, and Henry's behavior was public record, so they didn't enter into anything unaware or unknowing. I guess then, as now, some people are willing to do anything for wealth and power, and that's a lot of what the book is about--the obsession and corruption of wealth and power. There's also lots of history regarding the religious reformation that Henry instituted in England--a reformation largely intended to satisfy his lusty desires. For those of you so inclined to offense, Ms Weir did seem to take an anti-Catholic historical stand more often than not (at least it read that way), so prepare. Overall, a really good look at much of Tudor England.
0887081770|2.0|The book is still good with imagination, fold-flip, but just way too small to feel the beauty of the images. In this sense, the price of 7 dollars is not worthy it at all.
B004XNGKBS|5.0|I mainly use this app  to take notes. Its simple and quick enough that I can write notes on the fly before I forget as I'm not thinking about what button to press. definitely a unique app.
0316044695|5.0|This was one of the best books I have ever read (and I read upwards of 50 books a year). I never leave feedback on websites but I had to for this one. This is a story that is more action packed than any action/war movie out there but the story and the people are not fictional. The piece by piece account of the training, missions, fighting, struggles and survival of Marcus Luttrell is mind blowing. You will not want to put this book down and it will make you feel even more proud of the US and it's military. If you are considering reading any book, read this one!
B005KJZDXK|5.0|Having worked in retail for a long time, and having to listen to muzaky or generic (ie Bing Crosby, Brenda Lee, et al...)I became very de-sensitived to this stuf. Having been away from that particular grind for a year or so, it was so refreshing to hear this record. It's so low key, and seemingly heartfelt. I want to give copies to all my friends. These guys are so sublime(and Zooey is so adorable!)<br />Extremely highly recommended.<br />And if Zooey's rendition of \\"Blue Christmas\\" does not break your heart, then you obviously don't have one.<br />Merry Christmas all...enjoy!
1610452607|5.0|Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol has to be one of his most loved works and also one of the most widely known Christmas stories. Published in 1843, the novella tells the story of Ebenezer Scrooge, a miser who is visited one Christmas Eve by four \\"spirits\\" whose mission is to save him from himself.  In Mission Audio's audiobook edition of the story, narrator Simon Vance gives a phenomenal reading of the classic tale, complete with exceptional voices. The narration grabbed my attention right off and kept it through the very end. I gained new insight into the story because of the beautiful narration and was reminded of the importance of its message.  Whether you've read the story before or not, I highly recommend this audiobook. You'll be inspired and uplifted.  Disclosure of Material Connection: I received this audiobook free from the christianaudio Reviewers Program. I was not required to write a positive review. The opinions I have expressed are my own. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission's 16 CFR, Part 255: \\"Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.\\"
B002JE43O4|5.0|A great package for the final installment of one of the great Sci-fi shows.  A great conclusion to an amazing show that was shortened by the writers strike.  Enjoy the adventures of the final five Cylons, and enjoy the completion of this enjoyable story.
0060526491|2.0|This is basically Tim Burton's attempt to mimic Shel Silverstein, only with much darker overtones and without any -- literally any -- of Silverstein's insight.
0316056863|5.0|This book was a great read and I laughed out loud several times. Tina Fey is a hilarious word smith and expressed her opinions with great wit.  Loved this book and I would recommend it for every fan of Tina Fey.
B005VT42BS|5.0|This application is great for managing your network and seeing what is out there on others.  When I'm at the gym I check and see who else is using the WiFi.
B0036TGT3E|5.0|I grew up watching this movie(c'mon who didn't in the 90's?), so when it came out on DVD I knew I had to buy it for my children. They love it, as much as I always have. I remember watching this movie in theaters with my parents so being able to watch it again after soo many years with my two boys(who had never watched it) was wonderful. Its a classic
1600597963|5.0|This is the first time I have wanted to take time to do a review on a book. As a reasonably experienced embroidery beader I hesitated before purchasing this book...after all, I know how to do a lot of bead embroidery techniques and have created some nice pieces. I am not one to follow someone else's \\"patterns\\". Well, I am so glad I spent the money! This is a wonderful idea book with so many fabulous photos to get the creative juices flowing! Just opening it is inspiring and when I get a bit stuck on \\"how should I finish this edge, or what colors might go with this piece?\\" this book gives me inspiration and gets me back on track with my own creative designs! I now keep this book right on top of my beading desk so I can open it and flip through and get my own light bulb Ah Ha moment for whatever it is I am working on. I will be highly recommending this book to my beading students. Many thanks to Ms. Eakin for putting this book together!
B005Q5OLC2|4.0|Brooklyn is this month's Book Club selection -- and it arrived very quickly.  I enjoyed the novel, the first Tolbin book I have read.  The prose is very beautiful and the characters are extremely well developed.  The pull the main character feels toward Ireland and then toward Brooklyn is touchingly real.
1401307957|4.0|The entirety of the book is in sketchbook format - absolutely no printed words. This, in my opinion, only serves to make the book more intimate between us and the author - like we are actually sitting here reading his sketchbook. However, it wasn't the book I thought I was buying. I really hesitate to say this as I don't want it to come across the wrong way and am struggling to put into words what I mean... I thought the book would be dealing more with how Danny dealt with the accident, how the accident affected him and how the love of drawing came about and how it helped. There was some of this in the book - the beginning and the end but the middle of the book came across, to me at least, as a travel sketchbook. Documenting Danny's travels. Don't get me wrong - the author is unflinchingly honest with his feelings in the beginning of the book and the sketchbook format and layout of the book, I loved. I just thought there would be more in the way of how he and Patti dealt with the loss of the life they were previously living, how the drawing came about, how they were in the life they are living now...<br /><br />However, this is where I am glad that I leave it a couple of days before I review a book. Because Everyday Matters has not been very far from my mind over the last few days. I find myself thinking about it, mulling it over, when I least expect it. I can't even put my finger on what it is that is making me dwell on it. Is it the book I thought I was buying? No. At the time I had been dithering between buying this and buying [[ASIN:1401307922 The Creative License: Giving Yourself Permission to Be The Artist You Truly Are]] also by Danny Gregory. If I'm honest - I wish I'd gone with the other choice, I have it on my wishlist now which I think says a lot about what I got from this book - I obviously enjoyed Danny's writing style. Am I glad I read the book? Yes. I just think the blurb is slightly misleading. However - I seem to be in the minority. I really recommend heading over to the Amazon.com site as they have the option to 'look inside' which the UK Amazon page doesn't have for some reason.<br /><br />If I could I would have rated 3.5 stars but have erred onto 4.over to the Amazon.com site as they have the option to 'look inside' which the UK Amazon page doesn't have for some reason.  If I could I would have rated 3.5 stars but have erred onto 4.
B003YUC2FE|5.0|Digital copies included make this an AWESOME collection. Especially for the price I received it at. Amazon even sent me an email saying I would get it at a cheaper price (after I pre-ordered it) because they reduced it prior to release.
B0055SWM08|5.0|I have never felt that solving a puzzle could be this engaging and beautiful. A raindrop is a remarkable thing. cant wait for more from this title.
0743243315|5.0|What would it be like to be sent to another country where you didn't know the language or another living soul? How would it feel to enter an arranged marriage--with a chubby, frog-faced man two decades older than you? Who lives behind all those windows in the high-rises of public housing? What are their days like? Their dreams?<br /><br />Monica Ali's novel Brick Lane explores these mysteries in the story of a young Bangladeshi girl sent to England to marry a kinsman, sight unseen. Though marked by many tragedies, overall the story is characterized by a sweet flow of love, great humor, and the pulsing energy of a densely knit community.<br /><br />The British-Bangladeshi author takes up many themes, most notably the role of destiny in her characters' lives. Nazneen has been raised to believe that \\"Fighting against one's Fate weakens the blood\\" and indeed may even kill you. Easy to see how that might comfort an uneducated girl, ensnared by poverty, religion, and patriarchy. Brick Lane begins with Nazneen's birth and near-death because of a balky Fate. By story's end, she has been reborn, a middle-aged woman who is no longer willing to be Fate's plaything.<br /><br />There are other equally rich themes in the novel: the inevitable conflict between first and second generation immigrants, the experience of being an outsider, especially for non-English-speaking women, and the tensions arising from unemployment and anti-Muslim sentiment, particularly after 9/11. The young men on Nazneen's estate fight among themselves as much as against the white majority culture. In time their frustration spills off the estate and erupts in a riot on Brick Lane.<br /><br />The heroine, Nazneen, is endlessly adaptable, hard-working, kind, and observant. She must contend with quite a lot, from the unimaginable--leaving her family behind and losing a child--to the demeaning--made to trim her husband's corns and toenails. Throughout the story, she remains a work in progress; you are never safe second-guessing her.<br /><br />Nazneen's portly husband Chanu is the Rodney Dangerfield of Brick Lane: he never gets enough respect because he is, as he will helpfully inform you, an immigrant, poor, and brown. He rails against the ignorance of the British--and those \\"villagers\\" his Bengali neighbors--while extolling the wisdom of his beloved English writers, Chaucer, Dickens, and Hardy. He's overbearing, pretentious, and often unintentionally funny. He can also be harsh and unforgiving.<br /><br />Brick Lane, which was turned into a controversial BBC drama a few years back, was short-listed for the prestigious Man Booker Prize and named to numerous \\"best\\"-lists in England. And no wonder: it is a rich and resonant depiction of a life that is becoming more and more familiar in its general outlines. Many experts believe that the global tsunami of immigration will be the defining characteristic of the 21st century. Whether we know much about the Brick Lanes in our own communities, they exist, populated by people who are adapting (or not), but nonetheless slowly beginning to change the character of their new surroundings.<br /><br />Monica Ali, born in Bangladesh but raised in England, was inspired by her Bengali father's stories about village life. Though she says her book is not autobiographical--she was not married off to a stranger, did not grow up in London, and no longer truly speaks her father's language--Brick Lane has the feel of authenticity. She's a vivid storyteller, her novel much better than the movie that was made from it.<br /><br />Rebecca Burke<br />Author of When I Am Singing to Youfe second-guessing her.<br /><br />Nazneen's portly husband Chanu is the Rodney Dangerfield of Brick Lane: he never gets enough respect because he is, as he will helpfully inform you, an immigrant, poor, and brown. He rails against the ignorance of the British--and those \\"villagers\\" his Bengali neighbors--while extolling the wisdom of his beloved English writers, Chaucer, Dickens, and Hardy. He's overbearing, pretentious, and often unintentionally funny. He can also be harsh and unforgiving.<br /><br />Brick Lane, which was turned into a controversial BBC drama a few years back, was short-listed for the prestigious Man Booker Prize and named to numerous \\"best\\"-lists in England. And no wonder: it is a rich and resonant depiction of a life that is becoming more and more familiar in its general outlines. Many experts believe that the global tsunami of immigration will be the defining characteristic of the 21st century. Whether we know much about the Brick Lanes in our own communities, they exist, populated by people who are adapting (or not), but nonetheless slowly beginning to change the character of their new surroundings.<br /><br />Monica Ali, born in Bangladesh but raised in England, was inspired by her Bengali father's stories about village life. Though she says her book is not autobiographical--she was not married off to a stranger, did not grow up in London, and no longer truly speaks her father's language--Brick Lane has the feel of authenticity. She's a vivid storyteller, her novel much better than the movie that was made from it.<br /><br />Rebecca Burke<br />Author of When I Am Singing to You
B005HSG3TC|3.0|I bought this because it was one of the first cases available for the device and didn't want to wait, but I would definitely opt for a different case now that different models are available.  The hard back shell is of good quality with a nice rubbery feel and snaps onto the device well, providing good protection against impacts.  The front flap is smooth plastic on the outside, and microfiber on the inside (facing the screen).  One drawback of the design is that the device is a bit harder to hold once the front flap is folded back because it adds a bit of width to the overall shape, and it also makes it a bit slippery because of the microfiber (which then faces outwards).  Because of this, I often find myself taking the case off when using it, and putting it back on when I'm done with it.  In terms of working as a stand for the device, it works most of the time, but does collapse at times when the table is bumped because the mechanism holding the device up is flimsy, relying on the front flap lip slipping into a shallow groove on the back shell.  This is definitely a feature that can be improved to increase stability.
B000002BYA|4.0|I love SRV, and I think this is a pretty good live album. I think I prefer the audio album I ripped from the El Mocambo DVD, but this album is still good. One highlight for me is the intro, Scuttle Buttin'. I don't know what scuttling is, and I don't know what butting is, but hearing this song makes me want to scuttle my butt.  Most of the rest of the tracks on this album are good, but I think this show was really done up - and for good reason! First, it was Stevie's birthday. Second, it's Carnegie Hall! So instead of the intimate feeling you get from watching/listening to a show like the El Macambo, you get a really grand production - guest musicians galore. But for me, I prefer just SRV + Double Trouble. Perhaps that's why the last two tracks are favorites of mine on this album. Not so much for the sound of his guitar, or the way he plays the songs... but just thinking about him playing on a big stage, all by himself, while he might have been feeling so proud of himself for all he had accomplished. He was really happy during this show, and listening to it while knowing that makes me happy, too. He ends the show by saying \\"Thank you very much for making this my best birthday ever.. forever.\\"  One last note -- although I love his performance of Lenny, I curse the crowd at that show for being so freaking loud. Why do people go to concerts if they just want to talk through them? Stevie is playing VERY softly at times in this song, and the crowd noise is insanely distracting. That probably could've been fixed during the mixing process prior to releasing this album. The crowd noise is so loud, in fact, that you can easily hear a disgruntled fan yelling \\"Shut the F*** up!!!\\" to all the loud mouths in the audience in the middle of the performance (around 2:57 into the song). Sir, I second your STFU.
B004EPYZPS|5.0|I had never heard of Elle Fanning before seeing Super 8. Her performance in the movie impressed me so much I wanted to write about it. In my opinion, this movie proves she is a great actress and will hopefully have a long career in movies. Her acting is so believable and at the right times emotionally powerful. I sat down to be entertained by a light Spielberg-esque film and ended up flabbergasted at how much her performance affected me. She is a real artist and I can't wait to see her next film. How can someone so young be so skilled at portraying and evoking emotions in others. All I can say is WOW! And, by the way, I don't think I'm in her demographic as a middle aged person.
1451627289|5.0|I just finished reading '11/22/63' Stephen King's new mega novel. (849 pages)  Perhaps you've seen the ad on TV showing a smiling JFK and Jackie waving to the crowd as they follow the motorcade route into Dealey Plaza The picture freezes on Kennedy and the voice over begins, \\"On November 22, 1963, three shots rang out in Dallas, President Kennedy died, and the world changed. What if you could change it back?\\"  What if indeed? That brief advertisement really got its hooks into me, being both a JFK history buff and a King fan, I knew I'd be reading the new book real soon.  The premise of the novel is quite simple, a time traveler goes into the past to try and prevent the Kennedy assassination. Think about it, What if somehow through the magic of science or a quirk of nature someone could go back to that fateful Friday and alter the course of history by preventing Kennedy's assassination. Can you imagine How different the future might be if President  Kennedy had not been shot and killed in Dallas that fateful Friday? Would the course of history have been altered? Would Kennedy have been re-elected for a second term in 64? Would he have gotten us entrenched in Vietnam or would the war have been avoided? What would the civil rights movement have looked like? Could his not being assassinated have caused a ripple effect sparing the lives of Martin Luther King or Bobby Kennedy five years later? Would another Kennedy be in office for eight more years? the possibilities are endless.  But this is not the path Stephen King chose to take in his novel. It is not a story about a major tragedy being averted and the resulting changes that occur. In fact King doesn't even pursue specific or immediate changes and spends only a few pages describing how the world of 2011 has been altered by the saving of Kennedy's. King, best known as a horror fiction writer has chosen a different approach instead. '11/22/63'  is no horror story. There is nothing supernatural, no vampires, werewolves,demonic trucks or killer clowns. Wait that's not entirely true, references are made to a killer clown, as well as other references to some characters and locations from his other novels. The only elements of horror contained in '11/22/63' are horrors of the human kind, created by hatred, resentment, prejudice and fear.  No, what King has written here is a love story, a love story of grand design, filled with warmth and tenderness set against a backdrop of time travel and the Kennedy assassination.  Personally I would have preferred for King to have focused more on the effects saving Kennedy had on our history, both immediately after the assassination attempt and the ensuing  decades, leading up to the present. Actually that is what I expected him to focus on.. Was I disappointed in King's approach to the story, not in the least. Not only was it a great read, I believe it's one of his best works.  King has published 49 novels to date aa well as 9 short story collections. Of all his work I have long considered 'The Stand' to be my all time favorite King novel. It is the classic battle of good versus evil brought about by the accidental release of 'Captain Tripps' a deadly flu virus that wipes out nearly the entire world population and sets up a showdown between the epitome of evil Randall Flagg against the good and righteous Mother Abigail. If you've never read it I highly recommend it. Second on my list is 'The Shining,' followed by two of his short story collections: 'Different Seasons' and 'Skeleton Crew'. Rounding out my top 5 would be 'It\\" the tale of the killer clown. I believe '11/22/63' ranks right up there with these 5 outstanding King works.  King once said in an interview that he wasn't very good at writing about love and intimacy, perhaps all those years ago when the remark was made it may have been true, but not any longer \\"11/22/63\\" is a romance for the ages and proves that he can definitely spin a compelling tale of love into his work, and do it well.If you like King's sci-fi writing and you enjoy romance 11/22/63 is a must read.  Just Saying...  John Sausedo
B001FB4VXU|5.0|I am still steadfast in my opinion that this show is for absolutely anyone with even the slightest sense of humor.  We have comedy for every age, location, disposition, and personality.  It's not a surprise, therefore, that this show has become such a hit among the masses.<br /><br />We left off season one with Leonard and Penny having a date for the first time.  This is picked up immediately in the next episode and then falls at the wayside.  The progression of Leonard chasing Penny continues throughout this season as Penny becomes more and more indoctrinated into the realm of geek and finds herself strangely at ease with the three men that now people her life.<br /><br />The show progresses smoothly, depends on older comedy without become dependent, while substituting new comedic representations that make for a fantastic set of episodes.  Now that the characters are set in their ways and we have gotten used to them, I would even go so far to say that this season is funnier than the first.  A great buy, a wonderful set of shows, and a great reason to get in touch with your inner dork.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I enjoy playing this game. It's fast and very simple to play. There aren't a ton of ads to deal with either.
B000BNX4MC|5.0|Starring Matthew Broderick, Ferris Bueller's Day Off is about a young man, Ferris, who decides that the beautiful day in the suburbs of Chicago should not go to waste sitting in a high school classroom.  He decides, therefore, to fake an illness and take the day off, bringing his girlfriend, Sloane, and his best friend, Cameron, along for the ride.  Having been absent 9 times, the Dean of Students, Edward Rooney, goes on a mad quest to try and catch Ferris skipping school.<br /><br />Mixing asides with regular performance, this comedic gem dates back to the 80s but still has the pleasure of making young and old generations laugh uproariously.  The beauty of the film lies within the overall message of what it is to have fun, to be free of restraint, and to let the world know that at the end of the day it can all work out if there are just a few white lies told.  Ferris's character is a lovable icon that will be passed down from generation to generation for as long as there are high schools and public education.
B0002HWO82|4.0|My son wanted smurfs for Xmas so this is one of them. Cute little guys! They appear to be durable.  That's about all you can say about a rubber figurine.
B004RKXNDU|4.0|Suspicion becomes a deadly threat within the \\"Circus\\" when a mole is suspected to have burrowed deep into the highest echelon of British Intelligence and George Smiley is asked to come out of retirement and uncover the supposed double agent.<br /><br />That's a straightforward account of LeCarre's amazingly constructed story that I hope you'd easily agree has earned spot at the very top of the espionage genre.<br /><br />Smiley, the former spy is asked to spy on four of his own, the likely suspects codenamed Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy.<br /><br />Uncovering the double agent becomes a game of logic and leg work as Smiley interviews former colleagues, meticulously analyzes files for the slightest of clues and searches deep into the folds of his own memory to collect new information and connect details in a new way that will lead to a new reality and absolute truth.<br /><br />Following along making connections throughout is mind's work. As a reader, you need to face up to the idea that your enjoyment of the book depends on your commitment to pay very close attention in a world where nothing is necessarily what it seems and where what's observed is often covering for what's really important. For some, for me, that's a thoroughly enjoyable exercise.<br /><br />One of Le Carre's most vivid characters is Smiley's beautiful wife Ann, whom we never meet. Even so, hers is fully realized portrait of a woman of hauteur and lineage who shares her bed with a series of lovers including one of those inside the Circus suspected of being the mole. It's a tribute to Le Carre's skill in creating memorable characters that everything we know about Ann is what we hear from others.<br /><br />Smiley lives a deliberate, cerebral life of order and routine. To forestall the atrophy of retirement, Smiley has memorized the name of every shop on his bus route between his home and the British Museum, \\"just as he knew how many stairs there were to each flight of his own house and which way each of the twelve doors opened.\\"<br /><br />This is not the world of James Bond and its flashy hardware and exotic locales. For Olen Steinhauer fans, Smiley is an older, slower moving, more plodding Milo Weaver of \\"The Tourist.\\" Smiley thinks whereas Weaver usually acts, but both are in the same business pursuing the same shadows and in a different time and place Smiley would have been the perfect don and Weaver the eager acolyte.<br /><br />You've already heard that this is not the easiest book to read. What \\"Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy\\" offers is the satisfaction of story that's memorable and for me very rewarding in its precision and logic.es Bond and its flashy hardware and exotic locales. For Olen Steinhauer fans, Smiley is an older, slower moving, more plodding Milo Weaver of \\"The Tourist.\\" Smiley thinks whereas Weaver usually acts, but both are in the same business pursuing the same shadows and in a different time and place Smiley would have been the perfect don and Weaver the eager acolyte.  You've already heard that this is not the easiest book to read. What \\"Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy\\" offers is the satisfaction of story that's memorable and for me very rewarding in its precision and logic.
B005974CDU|5.0|I thought I was suppoesd to hate Dream Theater!  Haha.  I guess not!  A Dramatic Turn of Events indeed!  How long have these guys been around, 15-20 years?  Well for the most part -with the exception of a few tracks from their famous Images & Words album- they've left me completely unimpressed.  It's like I always knew the band had pretty good instrumental chops, but normally the vocal melodies and embarrassingly pretentious lyrics are a MAJOR turn off for me.  However... something clicked with this album.  I guess it took the band members all these years to finally mature and lay down some splendid songwriting.  Whatever the case, we have ourselves a winner here, folks!  I'm just completely blown away beyond belief by how enjoyable and delightfully written \\"Breaking All Illusions\\" is.  Everything about it just *works*.  The instrumental chops are spectacular, the tempo mostly contains a pretty excitable pace, even the vocal melody is memorable for crying out loud!  What more could you possibly ask for?  How about a guitar solo around the 7-minute mark clearly influenced by the legendary masters of progressive rock, Pink Floyd.  I love that too!  What a song, seriously.  Best song I've ever heard the band create and in a catalog that extends over several albums and several years of performing and making music, that really IS a compliment!  \\"Bridges In the Sky\\" starts with some rather unspectacular grunting and characteristics that resemble one of those cookie monster vocalists, however just straight up IGNORE the intro because pretty soon we discover the song is based around some exceptionally heavy guitar riffs and impressive vocal melodies.  It works and I actually like it.  WOW!  What's going on???  I actually like at least two Dream Theater songs on the same album?  Apparently so.    Alright so this album isn't *completely* a fairy tale of heavenly perfection.    \\"Outcry\\" contains only so-so vocals, and nothing more.  Actually the vocal melody sounds horribly disjointed and way too similar to generic alternative metal to me, but it's okay because at least some fairly entertaining instrumental playing occupies the second half.  Actually the instrumental playing gets right down CREATIVE as it rolls along, so any complaints about the song being generic disappear by this point.  These numerous guitar riffs and tempo changes tells me Dream Theater has the good sense to implement every progressive metal nook and cranny in the book to try and elevate the experience and you know, for the most part it's really satisfying.  Impressive!  It should be noted that the disjointed vocal melody complaint of mine almost completely vanishes when the same melody makes another appearance near the end.  I can't explain why.  Perhaps I wrote it off too soon.  Overall, is Dream Theater really that great of a band?  No, but a Dramatic Turn of Events is making me see why millions of people admire them so much.
0375826726|5.0|Im surprised so many people didnt like Brisingr. I loved it! Yeah I thought this was going to be the final book but im glad its not and im excited to read the fourth one. The war scenes were awesome and the characters are heroic and memorable. Keep up the good work Chris!
B002VPE1XE|4.0|I got this during their lightning deal for $3.99 and have to say, like the rest of the Amazon Prime product line, this camera case does not disappoint.  However, at the same time, don't expect all the bells and whistles (nooks and pockets in this case) of camera cases from the other manufacturers such as Case Logic, but than again they are sometimes double the price.  That being said, this is a very simple, no frills camera/small electronics pouch.  The inside padding is more than adequate as quite soft inside so you don't have to worry about scratching your LCD screen.  As for the outside, it is made of a mesh like material so it is quite water resistant, however, as the pouch does not actually seal via a zipper I would still avoid any large bodies of water.  Moreover, as the padding is not the thickest (and I haven't dropped mine with an electronic inside) I am unsure if it can survive a large fall - though at \\"normal heights\\" of about 5 feet or so it should be fine.  There is also a single zipper pouch in the front of the case where you can store your memory cards and other small accessories (I was able to fit a retractable Micro USB cable).<br /><br />My only real concern with this product is actually how large the pouch is.  I mainly use it to carry around an external battery (roughly the size of a 2.5 inch hdd) and have to say there is room for two probably three of them; this may cause other items such as digital cameras to be moving around in the case, which could be a concern as I usually like a snug fit.
0452273331|1.0|This book is so overrated it is simply beyond comprehension.  I bought this book, together with Atlas Shrugged years ago and never read them.  I've now discovered why! Ayn Rand is the most overrated author of all time. Her so-called philosophy of \\"objectivism\\" is nothing more than a cover for blatant selfishness and cruelty. Ayn Rand writes with no feeling and seems to have no understanding of human relations. The dialogue is terrible, the descriptions sound like they were written for a \\"What I did on Summer Vacation\\" essay and the plot (is there a plot?)meanders along for a laughable 700 pages! All I want to know is what everyone sees in her books that I don't?  Her characters are cardboard cut-outs- they are totally lacking in depth.  I kept plodding along waiting for an \\"aha\\" moment.  It never came. It was so incredibly dull and the characters so awful they made the murderous protagonist in American Psycho look a real nice guy. Horrible stuff.
0307891372|5.0|i have the one for oblivion and got this one. its a huge help and provides alot of info. would recommend it to anyone if your a fan of skyrim and want a little help
B001FB4W0C|5.0|This came in the mail very quickly and came in perfect condition! And it's got 2 of the cutest guys on TV so who could complain??  Perfect!!!
145551389X|4.0|Got it \\"cheap\\" before its release date..cause they said it would go up... and now it cost less. What a shame, amazon...
B0055SWM08|5.0|I love this game!  Very Zen ... It's has beautiful backgrounds, with peaceful music.  Very relaxing yet challenging.  It's unique!  I am amazed at the price.  I am looking forward to more games from this vendor!
B005QI4TP8|5.0|I definitely thought that Flo's previous CD (\\"Lungs\\") was a smash hit, but \\"Ceremonials\\" is way beyond anything I imagined. Every single song is a masterpiece; yes they could be considered \\"loud\\" songs, but they all work and they easily flow from one song to the next. Seriously, though, I've listened to \\"Ceremonials\\" every day since its release, and I'm loving it every time I do so. It's groundbreaking; no sophomore-slump for Florence + the Machine. If you liked \\"Lungs,\\" you will definitely enjoy \\"Ceremonials.\\" I cannot wait to see what's in store for Florence in the upcoming years. Buy \\"Ceremonials.\\" You know you want to.
B005EYP8PO|5.0|I ordered this through an independent distributor, and I got worried because I got a message saying that I may not receive this item before Christmas. Fortunately, it arrived on my doorstep today, and now my shopping is complete. My dad is going to have a very great U2 christmas!
B005H9B2CE|5.0|i was hesitant after i saw the previews, but my husband made me order it and it was excellent...absolutely excellent.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|All of the other reviewers have probably said it all. I just wanted to show my support for this movie and for Hachi. I love love love this movie! There aren't many movies I can watch multiple times that can make me cry every time. It's such a beautiful story. Marley ain't got nothing on Hachi... I love Hachi. :)
B0042U94UQ|5.0|I watch this movie with my 3 year old daughter and we love it! The story is original, and the characters are fun.  It has some humor that is aimed for adults, but overall is a great movie to enjoy with your family.
B0058UXHHK|5.0|Rose Gardner is every abused woman and then some, until the last feather is added to a very heavy load and she snaps.  Her metamorphasis doesn't turn her into a butterfly, maybe more like a hedonistic and very determined bee, but the sizzle of the hot-bodied mystery man next door and the murder of her abusive mother make this a plot rich in suspense and action.  Couldn't put it down.  I highly recommend this book and hope it's the first one in a series.
1451648537|5.0|just brilliant!!!!well worth reading. unbiased view, detailed accounts of incidents that most of us only knew from medias prospective. events that occurred pre-apple are well defined.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I should be ashamed of how long I play this game, but I'm not at all ashamed of how much I enjoy myself.
B005H0IW6W|4.0|Michael Buble never disappoints.  My favorite tune on the album thus far is \\"Jingle Bells,\\" done as a duet with the Puppini Sisters. The tone of his voice mixed with their perfect blend makes for an upbeat, cheerful tune that would satisfy any jazz fan. The way each of his tunes is crafted makes for the unique Buble-sound so many of his fans have come to expect, and yet still do justice to the traditional sound of well-loved Christmas songs.   Four stars because while much of the album is incredible, there were a few songs that I felt were lacking. \\"All I Want for Christmas Is You\\" seemed to be slightly stagnant, and while his voice is exceptionally lovely (as always), I felt that the arrangement itself was lacking some of the vivacity that other tunes had.  The cd arrived in record time, packaged in a way so as to assure safe delivery, and the disc itself was in pristine condition.  Still, overall the album is an incredible purchase, and I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a new old-sounding Christmas album this year.
B004GYY714|5.0|love this app. was able to clearly hear the stations I wanted... very happy! I like being able to use my fire as a radio. Like the preset station option. Easy to use.
B005KJZDXK|5.0|I have been a fan of She and Him for a good while and was tickled pink to hear that they were coming out with a Christmas album. Zooey Deschanel and M. Ward have done an excellent job taking their eclectic sound and mixing it into a Christmas album that the entire family can enjoy.   Each specific tune has its own She-and-Him spin on it, which gives the cd a different sound than your typical Christmas album. For instance, these two do \\"Baby, It's Cold Outside\\" -- but switch the voice parts, with Zooey singing the male part and M. Ward doing the female part. Sound quality is nice, and the packaging is very cute.  The cd arrived in a timely manner, the case was undamaged, and the disc itself was flawless. I have listened to it several times through thus far with no noticeable problems.  If you are looking for a quality Christmas album that puts a different spin on things and adds another dimension to Christmas music, this cd is the way to go. She and Him always offer something new to their audience, and this album is no exception -- yet, it will appeal to more than just their typical audience. Excellent choice if you need some new Christmas music.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|I had been looking for the entire set for a while and the first time I go to Amazon.com I found it.  It has made my year.  I love the Harry Potter movies I just wish they would make more.
B000I0QL82|5.0|As a college student who should have been born in an earlier era, movies such as Holiday Inn and White Christmas have consistently been among my top picks for Christmas movies. Up until this year, I have simply used a VHS tape in order to watch both of these movies, but I decided to take the plunge this year and purchase them both on dvd.  The movie arrived in tip-top shape, was well wrapped and protected in its delivery box, and was delivered in a very quick fashion. Image quality is clear, and special features are exciting to use -- especially because prior to this, I was using VHS and had no special features option.   For those who are looking for an exceptionally special old-time Christmas movie, I would recommend Holiday Inn with no qualms. It is family-friendly, reeks of nostalgia (in the best way), and is chock-full of song and dance in a way that makes it most enjoyable to watch. Perfect for a night with the family next to a roaring fireside with a big mug of hot chocolate.   This movie has consistently remained one of my favorite ways to bring the Christmas spirit into my home, and I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys the Christmas season.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|it works...I thought it be very low quality but Nope its great for all ages (: every morning I would be very tired having to wake to some beeping  noise but now I can play music and wake up to it I love this app
B000002KGT|5.0|There is no doubt in my mind that Rumours is among the top fifty musical albums out in circulation today. Fleetwood Mac created an entire record full of hits that harness the raw, passionate emotion of each member of the band -- specifically Buckingham and Nicks. Lyrics are honest and cutting in a way that cannot help but to draw the listener in and make them feel as though they are experiencing the very same things as the lyricists themselves while listening to each tune. The instrumentation is excellent and plays with the lyrics perfectly -- the band obviously knew how to work together to create the perfect sound to bring out the lyrics.  This group is, in my opinion, one of the most talented groups ever to have existed -- and Rumours is by far my favorite of their works. Truly divine. CD arrived in pristine condition, shipping was timely and the album was packaged in a manner so as to prevent any possible breakage. Five stars!
B004SBS8LA|5.0|works great on DROID x.  quick to open and close for those short breaks in the day. stupid word count
B003L77TZI|5.0|Both Katy Perry and Lady Gaga have alot more depth than many people want to give them credit for. Is this album Bach or Chopin? Duh of course not but it has alot more going for it than most run of the mill pop offerings. The vocals draw you in and the songs keep you there.
0613277732|4.0|This Book Is A One Of A Kind Adventure That Is Hilarious And Fun. When I Got The Book I Had Never Heard Of It, Now I Wonder WHY NO ONE HAD EVER TOLD ME OF IT. Do Yourself A Favor And Get This Book.
081297381X|5.0|This is a wonderful book for me; over the years I've met few people who think like me, and none in recent years in Brisbane.  Taleb resonates: his understanding of the world is based on direct observation and a clear understanding of uncertainty, in a world where people live by rules and expectations which ignore the fact that \\"Black Swans\\" - unexpected events with major ramifications - dominate history and economics.  Taleb derides economists, but I think he's thinking of forecasters.  As an economic policy adviser, I have long argued that we don't know what will happen, we need to adopt policies which enable us to respond positively to changing circumstances; not to resist change, which is inevitable and largely unforecastable, but to embrace it.  A message little heard prior to this excellent book.
B005HSL626|5.0|This game is addictive and frustrating at the same time. It is very entertaining though. My daughter dowloaded this one too, and I let her keep it because I enjoyed it.
0425220931|5.0|This book is music, and possibly, life changing.  Yes, this work is probably a work of fiction, but don't let the reality of the messenger distract you from the Message.  If you are a musician, or desire to be, this is a must read book.<br /><br />Read, learn, believe - or don't believe, but if it changes you for the better then that's what really counts isn't it?
B00632HWOG|2.0|While it does allow me to view my email, it doesn't allow me to scroll. I am only able to view a certain amount at a time ( I think that its 10, but not sure).  If I want to see the rest, I have to delete the first ones visible to move on.)
B005H0IW6W|5.0|I received this CD in just a few days and have been enjoying it ever since.  Michael Buble is fantastic and this Christmas album is wonderful.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I absolutely can not stop playing this game.  I love that it actually teaches about trajectory while you are playing the game.
B004TI5N38|5.0|I expected to like David Baldacci's Zero Day and I was not disappointed.  The book moved at a fast-pace with lots of action and character development.  Couldn't help but notice that the hero, John Puller, who I hope we'll see again, reminded me a lot of a young Jack Reacher.
B0063IH60K|3.0|There is not really much that I can say other than this is solitaire. It's a good way to occupy myself waiting for a meeting or in a doctor's office.
B000CRQX34|5.0|Monty Python is wonderful and this one may be my favorite!  There are simply too many hilarious lines you can quote in random life situations!  We enjoy having this on our movie shelf.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|I absolutely can not stop playing this game.  I love that it actually teaches about trajectory while you are playing the game.
B005DC68NI|5.0|Gaughran's \\"Let's Get Digital\\" is an ebook I'll be digging into over and over, without a doubt. I bought it hoping for a bit of info on promoting my own ebooks, and happily, it was much more than I'd bargained for. Very well put together, fantastic in-depth info. When I finished reading it, I was even more convinced that being an indie ebook author is the way to go. I've definitely walked away from this one with a lot of valuable information, and at a more than fair price. If anyone asks me where to get good advice on ebook writing, I'll point them to this one, first and foremost.
0743277708|5.0|My daughter had to read this in English her Freshman year. She could not stand the book. This is a classic though and perhaps if she reads it again when she is older she will come to appreciate it.
B00425S1H8|5.0|I purchased this adapter to allow me to access a legacy printer that uses a serial interface.  It was easy to set up the device using this adapter in Win7-x64.
B000O5AYCA|5.0|If you like folk music, buy this album.  You will not be disappointed.  Some may say it is slow.  Some may say it doesn't rock.  I believe they are confused about the meaning of slow and what does and doesn't rock.  This album is truly a moving piece of American music.  I'm glad there are artists like The National out there.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|glad I can get apps like this in the amazon appstore that work on my Nook Tablet.  fun game for a slashing quick fix.
B003Y5HWGI|5.0|I got it quick, and I love all the DH episodes. You never get bored of watching! I can't wait to get season eight.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|Seems to be more challenging than the original angry birds, but works great on my Nook Tablet.  Great price for add-free game.
1400064287|5.0|I received the book very quick and it was in very good shape. I love this book. It made a very big difference in my life. I recommend this book to anybody I care about.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Its pretty straight forward. Good time killer. Very easy to play. Plenty of score keeping options. Not unlike playing with deck of cards
B004E1RYKA|5.0|I paid $180 for this concerts tickets not including fee's etc. and after seeing this show, Buying this DVD as a keepsake = PRICELESS,  thank you Davida84 for FAST AND PERFECT SERVICE!
B005HWUBZ0|5.0|This is one of the best cd's I've heard in a long time.  If you like old school R&B this is the perfect cd.
B0051MKMNC|4.0|Its a good movie. And you get a different perspective when you see the alternate ending.<br /><br />However, These DVDs need to offer a different aspect Ratio for different buyers. Its annoying to have a NEW DVD in Blu Ray used on a wide screen TV and you STILL (STILL) get horizontal black bars on the screen. Some of us get the full picture with a 185:1 aspect ration. This one is delivered with a 240:1 aspect ratio.
1451627289|1.0|I'm a little over half-way through this novel, and all I can say is \\"slow, boring\\".  Even though I haven't finished the book, I think I've got a feel for it, and the last half of what I have read (a middle quarter) has been absolutely \\"un-King-like\\".  Don't believe the hype here at amazon - sure there are more than a few, diehard, \\"always-a-5-star-rating\\" Stephen King fans, but there are also a few cronies who \\"review\\" items for the benefit of the publisher.  Without any agenda, I can say this is just a big, fat, DULL.    I'll modify this review later, if the book surprises me.  EDIT: I finished this book today.  My opinion remains the same.  This was definitely a *SLOW* read.  Would give it a 1/2 star if I could.  Otherwise, I generally like/love King's novels.
B0044DEAUA|5.0|This is a great product, crystal clear on both ends. I can drive with my window down and have a conversation. The noise reduction is great back round noise is virtually non-existant. Thanks....
1416955070|3.0|I might be one the only person who didn't absolutely love this book. It seems like this series is a favorite of a lot of people but while I did really enjoy the story...I can't say that it really captivated me.  I didn't like Clary much and I know that's a big reason this book didn't 'click' with me. She accepts things too easily and she never seems to ask the right questions. And I get it, Jace is sexy and annoying - but always being sexy and annoying got to me rather quickly. I loved Simon but he always got the short end of the stick.  The storyline was a little predictable but I liked the journey. No real strong feelings of love or hate for this one I guess. I did read the synopsis of the next books in the series (something I almost never do!) and I don't know that I like the turn (turns?) the romance took. Can't judge unless I actually read the rest of the series and I'm still on the fence about picking up book 2. If I had read this when it first came out I think I would have been more excited to continue the series.
B004FOA84A|4.0|The premise reminded me of Myst.  Lots of interesting puzzles.  Some easy.  Some hard.  I look forward to a sequel.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Pros: very fun and addictive. great concept and very easy to learn  Cons: my mom plays this 4hrs everyday and hogs my kindle fire
B005SV9W4Q|5.0|I love Lady Gaga's remix album Born This Way-The Remix. Wow the remixes are really good. It's very catchy and upbeat.  1) Born This Way (Zedd Remix) 10/10: To be quite honest, Zedd's remix of Born This Way is very upbeat.  2) Judas (Goldfrapp Remix) 10/10: This remix by Goldfrapp is very upbeat and sick!  3) The Edge of Glory (Foster the People Remix) 10/10:The Remix by Foster the People is sick and very catchy. Foster the People did a great job on the remix of her hit \\"The Edge of Glory.\\"  4) You and I (Wild Beasts Remix) 10/10: I love the softer side of the remix of You and I  5) Marry the Night (The Weeknd & Illangelo Remix) 10/10: I love the slow dance of the remix of Marry the Night.  6) Black Jesus + Amen Fashion (Michael Woods Remix) 10/10: The remix has some vocal lyrics, but it very good.  7) Bloody Mary (The Horrors Remix) 10/10: Wow this remix of Bloody Mary is really good, but it has haunting vocals in the remix.  8) ScheiBe (Guena LG Club Remix) 10/10: Whoa... This remix is very dancey, I like the lyrics to this song too.  9) Americano (Gregori Klosman Remix) 10/10  10) Electric Chapel (Two Door Cinema Club Remix) 10/10: It's very electronica, but the band, Two Door Cinema Club did a good job on remixing Lady Gaga's song \\"Electric Chapel.\\"  11) You and I (Metronomy Remix) 10/10: I like song & the remix to it. It a very slow song of the remix.  12) Judas (Hurts Remix) 10/10  13) Born This Way (Twin Shadow Remix) 10/10: I like the new wave version of the remix of Born This Way.  14) The Edge of Glory (Sultan & Ned Shepard Remix) 10/10  I love this remix album. It's Lady Gaga's 2nd best remix album ever! Paws up for this album!
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|But this is one that I do own.  The cherry on the top of all 8 of them.  I have watched this a few times now with my grand daughters and we have noticed that there are a few places where this movie seems not put together very well.  The dialog doesn't match.  It is as if they shot so many takes of each scene that when they finally put it together some words are off.  We have tried and tried to understand Neville Longbottom's lines but there are lines that we just don't know what he is trying to say.  But mostly this is a beautiful film, a real tribute to the book.  These kids have grown up right before our eyes and turned into real actors.  What a wonderful journey it has been.  What a great visual ending to the series.
0374275637|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF THE MOST FASCINATING AND INFORMATIVE BOOKS I HAVE EVER READ. I RECOMMEND IT TO EVERY READER INTERESTED IN THE WAY WE ALL MAKE DECISIONS AND IN THE WAY WE UNDERSTAND AND MISUNDERSTAND OURSELVES AND THE LIVES WE THINK WE HAVE LIVED.
B004XCUEU2|5.0|The Best Rockumentary of World Finest Band in 20 years!! This DVD motivates people to work harder as a team!
B004EPYZQM|5.0|I grew up with these movies, from the first to the fifth. I own them all!! Purchased this cheaper online than what i could get in store. The movie is just great! As technology got better so did the movies that were made, and boy this was one of the great ones! I seen this in the theatre and just had to by the DVD.
B004EPZ084|1.0|I will be sending back horrible bosses and I would like a full refund this is a copy of the movie . I'd much rather pay the extra 6 dollars at the store and get an original copy. I am certain this is not as even the piture of the cover is photo copied . Do not get scammed
0981951252|5.0|I actually borrowed a friend's copy- loved it so much and knew I would want to relisten so I came to Amazon to buy my own copy! Must have to help in business and personal relationships.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|I love this CD!  I have been listening to it over and over!  Anyone that is a fan, or for new fans, will not be disappointed with this Christmas album from Michael Buble.
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|I love the Harry Potter series! I am a little let down now that it is over but the final movie did not disappoint!
B000FVQLRA|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. I like movies that are based on real life stories.  The acting was superb. I wish there had been more music in it. Great ending.
B0002EXH54|5.0|Every song kicks a** on this album the whole album just pumps me up killer riffs and killer solos and the lyrics to all the songs are great. Thrash wouldnt be the same without this album and it wouldnt make my collection complete without it. This is a must.And the art work on the album is amazing.
B003VR5PPY|5.0|Pros:   Great story with lots of twists.  Soundtrack. Exactly why this would never work as a book.  Cons:   Skip text isn't fast enough. I want to know what happens next! Best solution that could rectify this is by having a way to skip to the next relevant segment (choices and new text).  Puzzles are too simplistic. The puzzles are mainly there for symbolic and storytelling reasons.  Text heavy, may turn off people that hate reading. Oh wait, I don't care about their opinion. It's their loss. I'd be saying something more condescending about the 1-star reviews, but I think I'll pass.
1419702238|5.0|I bought this book for my 8 yr old 2nd grade granddaughter whom loves to read.<br />She loves it. She will read the whole book in 1 day if they let her.<br />She has now the whole collection. I will adviced everyone to buy it.
B0058VW36U|5.0|I absolutely loved this game, and was hooked for a long time. Better buy this on the Android Market though. The developer puts out new content nearly every 3 months, but the Amazon App Store is horrible with offering updates! In fact, the update for this game was available in mid-November, and as of Dec 13...still no update! If it shows up during the Market 10&cent; sale, get it so you'll have access to better updates!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I really enjoy this game!  Very User friendly and fun. I'd recommend it to anyone. It's the perfect accompaniment for TV watching.
B003L77G06|5.0|Clever and endearing, this show never fails to deliver! It's truly the funniest and most entertaining program on television these days.
0307959856|5.0|I've been a reader and re-reader of Jane Austen all my life, purely for pleasure. In recent years I've angrily avoided all novelists who appropriate her characters and settings for their own gain. But in the case of P.D. James, I decided to make an exception. She's too famous in her own right to need Austen's fame. She's too fine a writer to murder Austen's style or degrade her characters with anachronistic behavior.<br /><br />And I was right. P.D. James has committed a thoroughly genteel theft of people and places in this mystery, and her masterful plot more than justifies the enactment of a homicide on the grounds of Pemberley. Happily the murder has none of the sadistic, psychotic qualities seen in contemporary crime fiction. It's only mildly bloody - and suitably staged on a stormy night in a haunted forest.<br /><br />James alternates between dignified narration and a delicately wry tone, without overdoing the Austen cadence. Only occasionally and when appropriate do we get a pithy turn of phrase that feels quite a bit like Austen. This is somehow more convincing than an all-out attempt at channeling Jane.<br /><br />As for the plot, it's full of surprises that make perfect sense in the end. Events unfold at a pace that's gripping without endangering the reader's blood pressure. Mr. and Mrs. Darcy behave just as they should, as do all the characters, and before we know it, we're inextricably caught up. As is P.D. James. Her pleasure in writing this book is palpable.<br /><br />Yes, I would recommend the book to sophisticated readers and even to Austen purists. I found it well done and consistently enjoyable. P.D. James has very kindly satisfied our craving for more Austen ambiance, without doing violence to the great writer's memory.
B005HSG3U6|4.0|Recently acquired so not much to say in terns of durability. Will have to update on that later. The inside of the case is felted so it attracted fuzz and lint easily. It isn't the most attractive case - more practical than aesthetic. Am concerned about it keeping the kindle too hot as it charges. Was fiddly trying to get the kindle out of it but goes on easily enough. Using the front cover as a prop is neither here nor there for me. It feels a little  unstable propped up like that and it took a couple tries to prop it just right. But happy with it nonetheless.
B006GKHE6G|5.0|This app is amazingly fun, realistic and visually pleasing I highly recommend it for Kindle Fire! It takes a lot of App space on your Kindle, but its easy enough to uninstall games you no longer play to make room, as you can easily reinstall any game you have ever purchased.
006112429X|5.0|There's probably not much to be said about this book that hasn't already been said. It's one of the best things I've ever read. The brilliance is in the multiple ambiguities. Is Eva sympathetic or not? Is Franklin a dupe or just an optimist? Most importantly, is Eva simply imagining the deep-seated evil in her son, or is it actually there in his pyrotechnic screaming and ball rolling antics? You think you get answers to these questions in Kevin's ultimate act, but it's part of the cleverness of this book that, like Eva, you actually don't. Maybe Kevin does it because his mother regards him as somewhere between Chucky and Damian on the Total Earth Destruction Scale. Maybe how we regard other people--especially our children--is how they come to regard themselves.   Eva's monologues are always witty and a pleasure to read. Even Kevin, in his own way, is an enjoyable character. It's amazing how much tension the author was able to build into something as simple and unremarkable as a scene where two characters roll a ball back and forth. This is the rarest of all birds: a high literary thriller. Read it. That is all.
B004ZRV3AU|5.0|Easy enough to use. It is fairly simple and cheap tool, but does the job!   If you want prime quality and ease of use, get Ephrem's Bottle Cutter, which runs around twice the price of this gadget.  If you don't plan on setting up a bottle cutting factory, this tool will do.   Lighted candle and ice cold water works best for me so far. Not much luck with hot and cold water, and I did not even bother with blowtorch.
1455510319|1.0|I can't finish this book. I can't even get through the fist 100 pages. I gave up when the hero's hot ex-wife was waiting for him on his steps and he thought she was there for some lovin', but no, she was there to harangue him about something or other over their precious daughter.   And the set up is a farce. The hero (I can't ever remember his name) is a hotshot criminal defense lawyer, but his criminal defense work has dried up. Please - that's about the only steady work for lawyers now that the economy has gone to hell and isn't coming back. A good defense lawyer will never lack for work.
B003BWERF8|4.0|I really like it so far, I use it at work and it make my listening to music and receiving phone calls simple. I just wish it would not drain the IPOD battery so quickly. All in All it's a nice item to have.
B0064NTZQ2|1.0|This was a horrible movie. The movie trailers and advertisements were very misleading. Like some, I was under the impression that this was going to be a fast paced, non-stop, action packed movie. Instead, it was the total opposite. The movie moved at such a lumbering pace that it was annoying. The movie had very little to almost no dialogue. They could have written the script on a \\"post-it.\\" There is absolutely no emotional expression from the main characters, with the exception of the characters: Shannon, Bernie, and Niño. It was like watching Lt. Martin Castillo from the 1980's TV show \\"Miami Vice.\\" This was a waste of money.
B004A8ZWVK|4.0|the help the movie dvd: it was not as good as the book. a couple parts that were in the book were not in the movie. didn't care for the narration that told facial expresstions etc. took away from the story.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|received well and quickly. awesome cd worth the money and great for the holidays! ill be playing this long after xmas time in the car
B006FLGBGA|5.0|This is a must see movie!  It's what a movie is supposed to be.  Should you pass this movie up?  NOOOOOOOOOOO!
B005D9MUWY|4.0|Please make the spacecraft wider in landscape mode. I keep hitting the period instead of space. All I would like to be able to disabled the prediction words at the top of the keyboard.
B005HSG3TC|4.0|This product offers valuable protection for the Kindle Fire, both around the house and when you take it with you when on trips. Also offers the option of watching movies or just reading a book hands free. It will hold the Kindle standing up or laying on it's side. I like it so much that I have also purchased one for my son's Kindle Fire.
B005I6EVUG|4.0|bought it two days ago at Best buy for 29 dollars.It seams like nice quality nice with heavy duty construction.
B005UKJX4E|5.0|Last night I finally had the chance to watch Terrence Malick's \\"Tree of Life\\" with Brad Pitt and Sean Penn. It is a 2 hr 20 minute visual poem on the great story of life. It is beautiful, painful and profound with stunning imagery and music. It will appeal to the more creative thinkers as it is designed to make you think and discover connections that impact how we live our lives today. It is unlike any movie you have probably ever seen. I'll be chewing on what I saw for the next couple of weeks and already want to see it again. If you think this sounds interesting, put it on the top of your list. A large screen and surround sound is highly recommended.
B003UAKE9Y|5.0|I bought this movie for my little girl who is 2. She loves this movie. We watch it everyday. This is a new copy for her for christmas. I love the movie myself!
B0002VFXFE|5.0|I have tried other Thermal Interface Materials (TIM) and I went back to Artic Silver 5 thermal compound.  It is simply the best and I have gotten the best results with it for many years.  The product is ideal for CPUs, Northbridge, Southbridge and GPU components that are heat sinked.  I have used it on desktop computers, laptops, servers, and Xbox 360's.<br /><br />When using the product a little dab will do the trick.  If you use too much it will squeeze out from under the heat sink and make a big mess.  The proper amount is about 1 ½ to 2 times the size of a grain of rice.  If you look on the internet there are several guides on how to use the product including photos.  Sometimes on a large CPU I spread the compound in a very thin and even layer with and old credit card like tool.  On one rough heat sink assembly I had to work a drop of the compound into the surface with a credit card and this filled in the micro abrasions in the surface and improved the temperature drop by 4 degrees C. The key is that you want a thin and even layer of the compound on the entire top surface of the CPU so that all the micro flaws in the surfaces of the CPU and the heat sink are filled with the silver in the product to provide maximum thermal conductance of heat away from the CPU and into the heat sink assembly.  Do not use to much compound, people tend to use too much or not enough and the science is to do it just right!<br /><br />Before you apply the compound clean all the surfaces and make sure they have no oil, finger prints, or dust on them.  Make sure you have removed the old thermal compound from the surfaces.  Some old compounds get rock hard and can be difficult to clean.  I have used Goo Gone and it is by far the best cleaning solution I have ever used.  Don't use too much and clean only the CPU and heat sink.  Then wipe all surfaces dry and wipe again with an alcohol swab and a Q tip if necessary to clean up the old compound.  Then give it a final wipe with ¼ of a coffee filter as they are fiber free paper and you should have a clean surface.  These surfaces must be absolutely clean and even the oil from a fingerprint that you can't see can cause a problem.<br /><br />Mount your heat sink and I like the aftermarket heat sink fan assemblies or water cooled blocks as they install with screws and you can make sure that the heat sink is firm and tight with the CPU.  The factory supplied heat sinks with push pins bother me as I have seen many people swear they are tight and they are not.  You will not get ideal cooling unless you do a professional job of installing these key components and you may damage your CPU.<br /><br />The Artic Silver 5 compound has an aging time of around 200 hours and the temperature will improve by about 2 to 5 degrees after the aging process is done.  To properly age the compound you should use your computer until it heats up (about one or two hours) and then shut it down and let it cool off and use it again.  Do this multiple times.  This heat and cool procedure sets the compound up properly and improves the thermal interface.  Good luck and have fun!e fiber free paper and you should have a clean surface.  These surfaces must be absolutely clean and even the oil from a fingerprint that you can't see can cause a problem.  Mount your heat sink and I like the aftermarket heat sink fan assemblies or water cooled blocks as they install with screws and you can make sure that the heat sink is firm and tight with the CPU.  The factory supplied heat sinks with push pins bother me as I have seen many people swear they are tight and they are not.  You will not get ideal cooling unless you do a professional job of installing these key components and you may damage your CPU.  The Artic Silver 5 compound has an aging time of around 200 hours and the temperature will improve by about 2 to 5 degrees after the aging process is done.  To properly age the compound you should use your computer until it heats up (about one or two hours) and then shut it down and let it cool off and use it again.  Do this multiple times.  This heat and cool procedure sets the compound up properly and improves the thermal interface.  Good luck and have fun!
B005K17RU0|5.0|An easy drop down app for the kindle fire. Proved accurate everyday so farr. Enjoy that fast check of  the weather prior to departing the house. Saddle up ur steel horse and ride off in the sunset.
B005HXGE9G|4.0|Having been a fan of Peter Gabriel since his Genesis days (the band ceased to exist for me after he left) I have followed him throughout his solo career. Many more highs than lows, and he still remains one of the greatest live shows I've seen. This album is a natural progression of his music, which has always seemed orchestral in feel for me. The second disc, all instrumental, is nice, but ultimately an afterthought. But the first disc, performed with full orchestration, absolutely shines. Red Rain is a bit overwrought but always has been. The reimaginations of familiar Gabriel songs are fun, inspiring, challenging and, well, beautiful. I saw the CD and bought it, having read about it and seen him on Letterman, without knowing exactly what was on it. The Intruder is a joy. One of my favorite early Gabriel songs, and here, the inherent creepiness is given a lovely sheen. San Jacinto and Mercy Street are hauntingly beautiful, and while I still have problems with the too-poppy Solisbury Hill, at least here, there are flavors that let me enjoy it. I have already recommended it to other friends, one a Gabriel fan and another who enjoys familiar music treated in different ways, and both are happy with this. Try it.
6305132984|5.0|They didn't appear to do anything NEW or SPECTACULAR with this great movie.  The music, dancing, and screenplay is just like I remembered.  And that's a good thing. Enjoy this again and again.
0793518326|4.0|I can only speak to this as a piano player. I've had a lot of fun with this book, playing various or multiple parts on piano. It is comprehensive, covering every Beatles song and every instrument for those songs. While bands or groups might find more use from this than I did, I still found several songs that were very playable and better than any other sheet music out there.<br /><br />There are a couple drawbacks. First, the print size is small. It's not impossible to read, but sometimes it takes a second glance to see what it is. Once you learn the song, however, this should not be a problem. Secondly, because it is written for all instruments, it can be difficult to use this music to play a song on just one instrument. You have to integrate different parts to make it sound like it's supposed to. Some songs lend themselves to this better than others.<br /><br />Overall, for musicians who are fans of the Beatles, this is a must have.
B000BTC5LW|5.0|This show was a little while ago.  But, it is still well worth watching again and again.  Pink Floyd always puts on a fabulous show.  The sound quality is pretty darn good.  Remember ... It is from the mid-90s.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use it every day on every machine in my world. still amazed it is completely free everywhere. thanks f
B0041I0N9A|5.0|I saw this in the store, and knew that I must have it. Amazon Prime got it to me in a little over a day, and it took around 2 weeks to build, a hour or so each night after work. There are some parts that kids might feel difficult, but I'm relatively certain that Lego intended this for the 20-something manchild Star Wars fan Lego builder, which I definitely am. The set is made of *FOUR* manuals, so you'll be busy for awhile.  This is nowhere near sturdy enough to play with, and is intended for use as a static display model, which it does very impressively. I was only missing two or three parts (non-critical) so I e-mailed Lego customer support about that. Other than that, it can be hard to distinguish colours in the manual (dark-grey, grey, and black) but a little intelligence on your part and looking at the parts list in the back of manual #4 will help you figure it out.  I gave it five stars for durability because the set itself is made of durable Lego pieces, but the unit as a whole was never intended to be played with.
B005HXGE9G|3.0|Music is nice but its sad that the CD is encrypted so it won't play on your computer or allow you to copy music files.  So I would avoid the label and perhaps just buy the download if you really really want it,
B006IND5M8|5.0|It is a wonderfully odd idea that has been brought to the screen very effectively - everyone is quite deadpan - no winking at the camera.  As a result, it worked for me.  A mix of Western and Sci Fi cliches that just works as far as I am concerned.  The aliens are appropriately terrifying, the cowboys appropriately brave, the Native Americans appropriately noble.  And certainly enough surprises to make it entertaining throughout.  Artfully takes the cliches and turns them into a unique and interesting film.
B0053Q9DHW|4.0|An excellent modern interpretation. Doesn't identically follow the book quite like the  BBC 2006 version does but still a wonderful piece of cinema. In my opinion Toby Stephens in the 2006 BBC version nailed the Rochester character perfectly; capturing the perfect mercurial byronic hero. Mia Wasikowska did an amazing job with the role.
1451627289|4.0|Decent. Not as good as some and not as ridiculous as others. The several hundred page boring stretch typical of King books bookends ok.
1451627289|3.0|Spoiler Alert:  I love these long, complex SK tales.  The time spent on character development is well worth the extra pages.  However, in his past couple of novels, Mr. King has let his own political views affect his writing in a way that really damages otherwise great stories.  In \\"Under the Dome\\" the villains were one-dimensional Republican ogres.  In this novel, he is no kinder to those with views unlike his.  There are many examples, but one of the most egregious happens near the end of the novel when Jake/George is learning of an alternate timeline in which the civil rights law of 1964 was not passed.  In this timeline, the Republicans and Southern democrats ganged up to defeat the Bill.  This is simply not compatible with the reality of early 1960's party politics.  Around 80% of House and Senate Republicans voted FOR the passage of the civil rights bill.  The myth that republicans are racist is a more modern invention.
B005V1WZ10|5.0|Korn keeps evolving...now I remember why this group is so great! Amazing CD from the first track to the last!
1451648537|4.0|Of course I learned more than I ever knew before about the amazing life of Steve Jobs, a pure genius.  I very much enjoyed how Isaacson depicted Jobs' early life, his childhood and high school/brief college days.  I laughed out loud quite a few times!  I began to get a little annoyed in the chapters of Apple/Pixar/beyond.  These chapters are broken down into smaller sections and it annoyed me that they were not always in chronological order.  Often I had to backtrack to figure out what really came first.  Often the sections did not follow in date order.  At one point, his son Reed who was a student at Stanford, was written in as dropping by the house to join his father at the end of a party.  Then, in a section soon to follow, Reed is graduating high school.  The biggest pet peeve was the number of times that Isaacson used the phrase, Reality Distortion Field.  We learn early on that Jobs' coworkers invented this name to describe how Jobs would believe in something so strongly and convincingly that he got people to do it no matter how many times they said it can't be done. It's amazing strength of power and persuasion; I was enthralled.  But the author repeats it over and over again, when we know it's happening and it doesn't need to be said.  For example, Isaacson will describe a situation and literally say, \\"This is another example of how Steve used his Reality Distortion Field to get something done\\".  I also wish there was more said in the last half of the book about his father, the true father he had who adopted him, Paul Jobs.  He was such an important man who influenced Steve's interest in creating and perfection of craft and who also supported his endeavors (almost all) without hesitation.  But where was he when Steve grew up?  When he was running Apple?  When he became ill?  Where was his father then?   I think this book was rushed to print and it needed more time to flesh out Steve's important relationships to reach a more satisfying conclusion.  And they would have probably deleted several repetitions of that phrase that I mentioned.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|Great Quality, Great Price, and very Quick delivery :)I was very pleased to receive this so promptly, worried that for the amount i paid it would be used or might not show well.. i am happy to report it is terrific.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|My wife has read the book so I decided to surprise her with the movie. I hope she enjoys the movie as well as the book since I didnt take her to the drive in to see it. On top of all that I save a few buck by buying it here on Amazon. Win Win for me
B005HSG3TC|5.0|Pre-ordered the Kindle Fire and received it promptly when it became available.  Have been enjoying a free month of Prime and will definitely subscribe to Prime when the free month ends.  The Kindle Fire is great for viewing videos, reading books and magazines, even for checking emails.  Only complaint is sound, which could be better.  Would definitely recommend this product.
B00023B1LC|4.0|Creators do a nice job cutting through the multiple, often murky strands of Ludlum original, to give a clear, clear plot and lots of action. We need no more than to know that a Government Agency has a network of agents who can be used for black bag missions often involving \\"taking out\\" some person(s) to protect the nation. Bourne is one such agent, who has been shot and has, thereby, lost his memory, has become, to himself, a man without an identity. The Agency knows his identity, however, and when he surfaces in his search for who he is, they (for very vague reasons of security for the Agency from prying Congressional eyes), set out to liquidate him. He meets a girl along the way, and, of course, they fall in love. With a simple plot to work with, the film produces a series of dangerous situations and heroic feats of combat.   The film carries no intellectual baggage to weigh down the action, which is brief, sharp, and, satisfying. The lovey-dovey stuff is kept to a neat minimum, the brief scene showing him to be a killer with a heart, takes no time at all.   In short, this is a fine, well played, thriller, which makes two hours melt away to a seeming nothing. No boring scenes here.
B004GYY714|5.0|Anyone even remotely inclined to listen to radio will wonder how they lived without this app. Astonishingly wide selection of stations (broadcast and internet), types of programs, and world locations (seems majority are in US, but there is plenty of non-US material too.) Attractive, well thought out interface. Remarkably good organization of the seemingly infinite number of shows/stations, which helps the user not get lost or overwhelmed by all the choices. Simply excellent!
0439023513|4.0|Book 3 of the Hunger Games trilogy takes off in a new direction relative to the first two. Previously, Katnis always seemed to be fighting to stay alive while at the same time experiencing a distance and disconnect with the rest of her world. In Book 3, she become familiar with the bigger picture, her role, and her place in the world. The love triangle with her, Gale, and Peeta continues to evolve with both men slowly moving away from her for different reasons and in different directions.  By the end, she learns and accepts that she has always been and will remain a pawn in a the larger power schemes. With her only recourse, she gives herself over to notion of living her life as if it were one non-stop Hunger Game. Only under these conditions, does she feel fully free and finally accepts the consequences, rather than fearing the outcome.  While the story arc was extremely entertaining, fortunately we will not need to experience this dystopian future further.
1451648537|5.0|This is a wonderful biography of Steve Jobs, easy to read, filled with all kinds of details and info, well written and goes through his death.  A much better book than the unauthorized biography I read before this came out.  Isaakson reached out to absolutely everyone for info and assessments of Jobs.
B005GVA2L0|5.0|I have been a fan for a long time now the album is absolutely wonderful !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  can't say enough the songs as always hauntingly beautiful love Amy's voice !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B005OCFGTO|4.0|This is the first Christmas present that I ordered, and it still hasn't arrived.  Everything that I ordered later is already here.
0312576463|2.0|Franzen has got real skill at description. He can create a devastating portrait, and, God knows, extend that description of many, many pages of clever prose.  That said, he's not describing anything interesting here.  The characters are all unpleasantly neurotic without being interestingly crazy, the plot is non-existent, and there is no reason to turn a page other than to see more of Franzen's descriptions, which are not sufficient to retain our interest over hundreds of pages.  I think this is different from The Corrections, which I enjoyed, in a couple of ways:  The Corrections was at times devastatingly funny, whereas Freedom's tone ranges from grim to tedious, without a humorous moment.  Second, while the characters in The Corrections were flawed, they were appealing in various ways, and here they simply aren't.  Second, The Corrections had at least something like a plot in the tension of its various dilemmas: whether the parents would indeed give up their house; whether the father's illness would be finally recognized; whether the younger son would find some sort of success. The Freedom is remarkably monotone in its construction: years pass without notable change.  I started this with anticipation and finished it only by regarding it as an assignment I had to do.
B005DOKIYG|5.0|This sleeve fits the fire perfectly. My wife loves it because it fits in her purse perfectly. She can find it easily. Likes the on zipper feature.
1449389627|4.0|I immediately liked this book after reading the \\"Commitment to research accuracy\\" page near the front.  Any author who goes above and beyond in their effort to provide the most accurate information they can and even provides a link to report inaccuracies cares about his readers and this resonates throughout the rest of the book.<br /><br />Mr. Berkun has clearly been on a quest to discover not only the basics of creative thinking, but how it relates to entrepreneurs and invention.  Using this bottom up approach to innovation allows him to target 10 myths of innovation and analyze them so we can understand where they came from and how to avoid them.  Each myth is allotted its own chapter and they are as follows (along with my quick thoughts on each chapter):<br /><br />1. The myth of epiphany (epiphany looks like hard work and wears overalls)<br /><br />2. We understand the history of innovation (the victors write the history)<br /><br />3. There is a method for innovation (great chapter, worth the price of whole book)<br /><br />4. People love new ideas (great ideas usually don't look great, ask Google)<br /><br />5. The lone inventor (one of my favorite chapters - nobody goes it alone)<br /><br />6. Good ideas are hard to find (have more ideas, have crazy ideas, have no  fear with your ideas)<br /><br />7. Your boss knows more about innovation than you (don't confuse power with creativity)<br /><br />8. The best ideas win (winning isn't based on how good the idea is)<br /><br />9. Problems and solutions (problems matter and how you define them matters more)<br /><br />10. Innovation is always good (unintended consequences matter)<br /><br />Berkun closes the book with chapters on hype and history, creative thinking hacks, how to pitch an idea and how to stay motivated.  His aside in the hype and history chapter that \\"if you want to be creative, you must create things\\" is at first glance simple advice, but for me it speaks to the core message of this book:  if you want to get anything out of this book you have to do something.  He has provided the roadmap, we have to begin the journey.<br /><br />Finally, Berkun does an excellent job of not only listing sources in each chapter (which is nirvana for those willing to further explore original source material), but his \\"Research and recommendations\\" appendix, specifically the ranked bibliography, were outstanding ideas and deserve special mention.<br /><br />A definite must read for anyone interested in innovation, ideas, creativity and not only what not to do, but what to do on their innovation journey.y.  Finally, Berkun does an excellent job of not only listing sources in each chapter (which is nirvana for those willing to further explore original source material), but his \\"Research and recommendations\\" appendix, specifically the ranked bibliography, were outstanding ideas and deserve special mention.  A definite must read for anyone interested in innovation, ideas, creativity and not only what not to do, but what to do on their innovation journey.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|my lcd with the ps3 doesn't have the best audio so hard to play scary games @ night w/ it being very loud. headsets and great & now i won't disturb the family late @ night
B00127RAJY|2.0|These workouts are good, however, I usually only have a short window in the day to exercise and because you are unable to skip the long-winded intro, I usually just pick another workout.  I also find Jillian's personality a little too aren't-I-cute-because-I'm-so-sassy to stomach.
B005HSG3U6|4.0|This case is almost exactly as I expected.  It is lightweight, easy to maneuver, and gets the job done fine.  I realized that the case was made out of a soft plastic like material when I ordered the case.  That being said, I wish I had ordered a different color than white.  The case looks a little funny being white on back and black on front, but the main problem I have is that colors \\"stick\\" to the white back of the case.  I must have rubbed it on my face or something because there are pink marks that won't come off almost as if I had dusted blush on the case. Better luck next time!
1416955070|5.0|Don't think, read it.  There are many books that aren't worth our time, these series won't be one of them.  The romance between Clary and Jace is wonderful.  The plot will keep you guessing.
B0063IH60K|4.0|for a free app, this game Keeps me entertained. the only thing I didn't like was the ads inbetween games...gets annoying after a while. other than that, I recommend this.game.
B005TBWN0K|4.0|kindle fire .. Skitch integrates well with other android applications and is appropriately intuitive. It also presents a useful collection of functions. I would recommend it ... il matto ...
B000JQUKKU|5.0|I first read this book in the 6th grade as a class assignment, everyone dreaded reading it but I couldn't put it down! My husband bought me a kindle fire for Christmas and I was so excited when I saw it was free! I love reading this at Christmas time :)
B0068AWQQ2|4.0|I wasn't sure in the first minutes if it was going to be a good movie but it took off and grabed my interest. A totally fun movie with good fight scenes and building story. A good watch, worth it.
B004V5QWU2|5.0|My husband and I love this app!! We sleep wonderfully listening to  &quot;Rain on a tin roof&quot; (Hubbys fave) and I nap very well while listening to &quot;Beach 2&quot; or &quot;Beach 4&quot;...Great Purchase!!!!!
B005HSG3TC|4.0|The cover is lightweight and provides sufficient protection although I do think that all of the covers and all add-ons are way over priced in general.
B004EPYZTE|3.0|As a 3D title, Conan is much darker than other 3D movies compared to the 2D version. Harry Potter DH 1 and 2 look comparable, if not the same, in brightness whether viewed in 2D or 3D, but Conan 2D looks \\"normal\\" however in 3D the movie takes a turn for the darker.  Much darker.<br /><br />The only way to describe the effect is to watch 2D Conan, then put on the darkest pair of sunglasses available.  That is the best way to describe the viewing difference.
B004VYYA2K|4.0|This product is super super cute but not easy to zip up. my toddler will definitely need help even though she knows how to zip things. It's durable and can hold a ton of barbies. Great product!!!!
B001UV4XIS|5.0|The DVD arrived in just a few days after I placed the order. Everything was in order. Parcel was well packaged.
1589946901|5.0|I have to say they did a great job turning the original board GW Blood Bowl game into a card game.  I had the opportunity to play this at the BGG CON ([...]) and liked it so much that I played it the next night and then ordered once I got home from the convention.  You can play 2 players but I think it's best with 3 or 4.  The theme is great, the cards work well and cheating is good, unless the ref catches you.  Real good play by play tension.  Not sure how they expand on it but I'm looking forward to it.
B002UNMW7O|5.0|I received this item in mint condition. New in wrapper and ready to give as a gift to my son. Christmas morning will be fun this year.
B001U0HAZM|5.0|Arrived as promised. Always love purchasing from Amazon. Quick shipment! Surprising for the holidays. Priced well, quality gift. Will always buy from amazon first.
B004HO6I2O|5.0|This is another great Jason Bateman flick for 2011 - I will be owning it along with Horrible Bosses!  There is certainly a lot of cursing, nudity and other 'interesting' situations so it is not for those who can't appreciate the context or want to watch a movie with your kids (unless they have already graduated from HS)...    As you can see form the reviews here this is a very polarizing movie - you be there judge!
B003ZSJ212|5.0|As the subject says, this Star Wars Blu-Ray copy is not for Star Wars Purists. There are more changes to the Original films that cause minor conflicts to the original story. Now with that out of the way I will get to the actual content review.  The sound and picture in this set are simply stellar. There sound has amazing dynamics that can give a light workout to even the highest of enthusiast audio systems. The DTS-HD tracks make full use of all audio channels almost perfectly. There are a few small mistakes where sounds that should be behind you end up in front and vice-versa, but it is very few and far between. I think I counted only 5 instances in the first (original) 3 films, this I can accept considering the audio master was recorded in Stereo.  The video in the all 6 episodes are quite simply the best I have seen in Star Wars, as it should be. The New Trilogy looks simply stunning. It is simply astonishing how good all these films look when played on a Modern LED projector or a new 240hz LED TV. I cannot find a single complaint in the reproduction of this film on Blu-Ray.(except Lucas Created Changes)
1451627289|5.0|I've read nearly all of Stephen Kings' work, from the Bachman books to the short stories, to both versions of The Stand, and any big fan of his knows just how far his talent can swing.  All the way to the moon and way, way down into the mud of just what the hell happened?  He can be a muddle and a mess, but no matter what the language is what keeps me going and so, though I long since lost interest in the Kennedy assassination I bought this one anyway, in hardcover yet, at Christmastime, mainly based on the reviews I'd read pretty much praising it.  (I can wait for the paperback, usually, plus I'm 37, so while I've read stacks and stacks about the assassination I didn't live through any of it and really don't need to read any more about it.)    But that's the thing: this book isn't about the assassination.  Or the aftermath, even.  For Al and for Jake both, it's a love story.  For an America that could've been.  For one guy, and one girl.  For a couple of different married couples, some that worked, some that didn't.  For a city in Maine and a city in Texas, and for small towns in general.  For friendship and trust and old school values, like taking responsibility for your actions...for good, and for bad.    There are larger questions involved as well, about karma, and personal responsibility, and the role of one individual in any kind of human drama, and as in most King books there aren't any easy answers or simple answers.    At the end of the day it's just a good read that keeps going til the end, and makes you feel good, and not only good but hopeful.  I read something every single day of my life and have since I was eight or so, and I read pretty fast, maybe 1500 books in my life, and this is the first one that as soon as I finished it I flipped right back to page one and started it again.    If you like being human and living on planet Earth, despite it's frustrations and difficulties...and would like to be in love and give good love...go get this book.  You won't be disappointed.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Wow, this video was harder than I expected. I work out 5 days a week and I know I'm in decent shape but level 1 was still a challenge. I'd recommend starting with 2-3 lb weights; I started with 5 lb weights and it made it a bit too hard to get through without pausing. I don't do this video every day, only when I'm working out at home instead of going to the gym, but I definitely think it's made a difference. It's a good change-up from my normal routine and I'll be adding more Jillian Michaels DVDs to my collection in the future.
B0058P7KUA|4.0|Really fun and engaging game. Variety of weapons keeps it interesting. Really could use a longer story line and more challenge maps.
0307891402|5.0|Love it!  Love it!  Love it!  Everything you need to know (without giving too much away) is in this book.  It is the perfect gift/buy for Bethesda enthusiasts.  The hardback it worth every penny.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Just like you'd expect it to. Good game, good interface. Gives you the option to choose a random deal or winning deal for those times when you just need to win.
B0002NRQTS|4.0|Presto isn't their best but it's an improvement over their electronic era. Which isn't bad but it's my least favorite Rush era. Presto takes Rush back to their guitar based sound, it's still lighter and more adult contemporary though. They omitted most of the synthesizer and there's a less mainstream sound. Presto is one of the most underrated albums ever. Don't get all the hate about it. Just because it isn't hard rock doesn't make it bad, the band just matured a lot considering their first album was from '74. There are some great songs like \\"Show Don't Tell\\", \\"The Pass\\", \\"Presto\\", \\"Superconductor\\" and my personal favorite \\"Chain Lightning\\". Presto is a sign of things to come which would be achieved later on Roll The Bones.
B005G4TJUC|1.0|You know how people say \\"There's bad, there's worse, and then there's so-so\\"? Well, there's bad, there's worse, and then there's Transformers: Dark Of The Moon.  Like every Michael Bay movie, there's bound to be explosions, over-the-top action, and gorgeous ladies galore!! After having seen Transformers 1 & 2, and hearing that Megan Fox had gotten replaced for comparing Michael Bay to Adolf Hitler(and perhaps he should be), it was a kinda curious matter that Rosie Huntington-Whiteley was gonna be taking the hot GF spot over Megan Fox. Honestly it got me mad to the point of throwing out my July issue of Maxim cuz Huntington wound being on the cover.  On this movie, Rosie's charactor has no functionality other than showing off her rear-end, and then getting kidnapped by Decepticons. Everything else in the movie is just a bore until the last hour of the movie(its a long movie: 2 and 1/2 hours plus). It then becomes an incredible action movie. Its cool, or at least it wouldve been if the story was something truely unique, and not something that creates the lamest plotline ever. Personally, i think Harry Potter and The Deathly Hallows Part 2 was 1000 times better than this movie and the best movie of 2011. I'm not bashing the cartoon that people have loved for so long. I'm bashing the damned moron responsible for making this atrocity happen, michael bay.
B0063GORYU|5.0|good play, good graphics, a bunch of fun!  i recommend this version to anyone who has played the windows version.
B005HV6Y5W|2.0|I saw this film on blu-ray DVD at home, by myself.  After about the first 20 minutes, I began to feel tedium settling in on me, in the form of those long breaths, or audible sighs, that indicate a restless attention span.  By the end of the film, I was no more involved or interested, nor did I particularly care how it was ending.  I didn't hate it; I didn't judge it to be a waste of my time; but I certainly found it to be an empty experience.  If it was meant to raise profound questions on the meaning of life as \\"nature\\" vs. \\"grace\\", I failed to respond.  The one single question I had in my mind, scene after scene, was \\"What was that supposed to be about?\\", or simply just \\"...Huh?\\".<br /><br />I realize that there are many who see this film as a work of art, and a moving cinematic experience, and I certainly would not deny their sincerity, or accuse them of pretentiousness.  Indeed, I am happy for those who derived a degree of beauty and insight from this film.  However, I think that if I had invited some friends along to see it at the local cinemas, I would have been very uncomfortable, wondering what in the world they were thinking about what they were being subjected to on the screen.  And now that I have seen it for myself, I certainly could not recommended it to anyone I know, being aware of just how off-putting it can be.<br /><br />Nevertheless, I am encouraged that there are directors like Terrence Malick, who overcome all obstacles of the economic movie marketplace, and create supremely individual works such as \\"The Tree of Life\\".  Just because I didn't respond positively does not mean I cannot accept it as a personal work of filmmaking art.  I am just one of those whose imagination it failed to capture.
B004ZNARH4|5.0|Replacement for the 4 rear-mounted discs are available from EMI.  You must provide a proof-of-purchase for your set.  When I submitted mine, since I did not know if EMI's e-mail system would accept attachments, I scanned the receipt and cut-&-pasted it into the body of the e-mail.    I had to wait several weeks, but I just received my replacement discs today.  They were shipped in the same plain white \\"disc one, disc two...\\" sleeves that EMI is now using for the WYWH Immersion set.  It should be noted that the replacement disc also had artifacts on the data side, most notably two long, faint compression marks, but they are all in far better condition than the originals that came loose in the box.  As Amazon does not allow for external contact info in reviews, I will publish the EMI contact address in the \\"Comments\\" section for this review below.
B000AGTPUK|5.0|This movie is watched about once a day, everyday leading up to Christmas. My children love it and can quote almost the whole thing.
B004FOA84A|3.0|ugh! update! the graphics r great and the puzzles fits my logic lol. and why do I have to put 20 words in this review?
B0068AWQQ2|4.0|Nice remake of a great campy vampire flick....enjoyed watching the original Jerry get killed midway through...good special effects...would have liked to see more of a wrap up at the end
0671449028|5.0|\\"The Going to Bed Book by Sandra Boynton\\" was a magic phrase when my kids were little.<br />I started reading it to them with a \\"fun voice\\" when they were each about 4 months old (old enough to sit in my lap and see the pages). Being a board book, they could also have it tucked into the crib to look at while getting sleepy. They loved it well into the Kindergarten stage and occasionally after that.<br /><br />The delightfully funny rhymes and hilarious images make for priceless bedtime memories. The animals trundling up & down, and doing regular nighttime actions, including \\"taking a bath in one big tub\\" and getting everyone's pajamas mixed up help active little minds & bodies settle down just like the animals in the book. As they get older they will notice how the sky gets dimmer and stars appear.<br /><br />I think it is a perfect addition to every nursery and shows kids how great books are from a very early age.<br /><br />Enjoy :)
B0062NAX1U|5.0|It was wonderful! If you get a chance, see it.<br /><br />The movie had a lot of sub-plots.  In our experience, this can be a killer for a movie, but I think the guys at Sherwood pictures did an excellent job of building the story, building the characters, and wrapping it all together nicely by the end.  The movie is geared towards challenging fathers in particular to step forward and courageously lead their families to follow God, but everyone will find a lesson while watching.  This is where all those sub-plots just nestle in neatly by the end.  The movie goes beyond \\"feel good\\" and beyond \\"entertainment\\" to give a good dose of solid theology and the Gospel is presented LOUD and CLEAR.  I appreciate that tremendously!  It pulls this off well without getting boring or preachy (in my opinion).  The only time I got squirmy was about 15 min before the movie was over.  Drinking a large pop (at the theater) wasn't the best choice.  The movie is 2 hours 10 min long, and I just about couldn't make it that long with so much pop in my tummy!<br /><br />The movie received a PG-13 rating for some violence and drugs.  While I understand the rating system, this seems like such overkill.  This movie definitely does not belong in the same category as other PG-13 movies I can think of (Iron Man 2, for example).  The \\"violence\\" is mild, and the topic of drugs is handled appropriately and effectively (we do not see anyone using drugs, or even dealing drugs, only carrying them and police confiscating them).  We see the full consequences of these \\"negative\\" elements.  I would be willing to allow any of  my children to see the movie, but I think the youngest children wouldn't be that interested in it.  I can't wait to let the older ones see it!
B005V20JKI|5.0|This game is Very addictive, I okay this game for hours, one of my favorites game on my mytouch 4g. Totally Worth getting
B001UV4XJ2|4.0|I got the last installment of the Harry Potter series and am so sad to see the series end.  Movie is always entertaining, fun, scary and exciting!
0765365278|5.0|I really enjoyed the mistborn series, and while it took me a while to get into this one, now I cannot wait for the rest of the series.
B0041KKYBK|5.0|No hyperbolic, in-your-face \\"reporting\\" here, just the facts simply and directly presented. This video makes so clear how the financial crisis began - it is must viewing for a non-political understanding of decisions and their consequences. A most important and highly recommended film.
0061544493|3.0|I love Victoria Beckham and her fashion style. She always looks so put together...though I prefer Kate Moss's rock-n-roll style more. I bought this book for fashion advice..but instead it's more of Victoria listing places of where to buy what. Buy jeans at Abercrombie & Fitch, buy a white t-shirt at the Gap---I already knew that prior to reading this book.<br /><br />I wish this book had more \\"meat\\". More tips on pairing outfits together, more pictures of what Victoria is actually talking about. This book has a lot of colorful pretty pictures..but they are just random pictures of Victoria and don't always have to do with what she is talking about. Laaaame!<br /><br />I wouldn't call this a fashion book by any means..it's more of an advertisement of where to buy a specific clothing item.<br /><br />:(
B0015AARJI|5.0|When many people are looking to buying PS3 Controller, they usually look at third party controller makers, but really they should be looking at PS3's own Dualshock 3 Controller!   Originally, the Playstation 3 came with the Sixaxis controllers, which offered Sixaxis controls, but no vibration. This was disappointing, because except for the very first Sony Playstation controller, all of the Sony Playstation Controllers offered vibration, and lots of it. In fact the Dualshock 1 and 2 offer some of the best vibrations in games I've played. Fortunately, a year and a half after the Playstation 3's launch, the Sony launched the Dualshock 3. It still offers the Sixaxis controls as well as vibration.  First off, for gamers, comfort is the most important factor. You never want a controller that is uncomfortable in your hands, when you're playing for hours every day. Fortunately, the Dualshock 3 is one of the most comfortable PS3 controllers I have tested, if not the most comfortable controller out there on the market right now. The design is perfect for your hands. All the buttons are evenly placed and are all in the easy reach. The controller is symmetrical, rather than other gaming controllers. The symmetrical button layout feels much better to use in gaming, especially if you're a huge player FPS games or any time of games with the use of both Analog Sticks. This controller is also very light, even with the Vibration. They're even light enough to use the controller with one hand without any struggle at all.   The build quality on these are also very good. I've had mine since the day it was released, about 3 years ago, and it still works like new. I've done a lot of button mashing, dropped the controller a few times, and abused the analog sticks more than anyone should, but it still feels good. These controllers are very hard to break. For my personal use, my analog sticks are a little firmer than the average controller, but that's because of the treatment I had them under. An average player should be fine. All the buttons are sturdy, and the controller is firmly built, so you shouldn't have a problem.   Battery Life is also a huge factor, and they're fantastic with these. The controller comes with a short USB 2.0 Wire which you connect to any USB Port (You're PS3, Computer, or USB - Power Outlet) and it charges. From completely dead to full takes about 30 minutes at most, and will last you for weeks! The PS3 XMB Screen will indicate how much battery life you have left, and when the battery is getting low, the Red Light on the back will start blinking, but even then, you can still game for about three more hours before it's completely dead.   So how does it feel in game? Well I play from a variety of games. Racing, Platformers, Shooters, Adventure, Stealth etc. The controller naturally feels the great. All the buttons are great, and these are the best Analog Sticks you can get on any gaming controller! They have lots of grip and they're dead accurate! The vibration is also great. They definitely don't match the amount of Vibration the Dualshock 2 offered, but it's still above satisfactory. All of the soft buttons, such as the X, SQUARE, TRIANGLE, CIRCLE, R1, and L2, all have varied activation depending on how hard you press. For example, in Gran Turismo 5, if you press the X button lightly, it will do a slow acceleration, but press the controller firmly, and you will accelerate much faster. Same goes with most other games such as MGS4 and its CQC controls. The sixaxis is also a nice little feature. Most games really don't use it much, but for the games that do, the Sixaxis is very accurate and fun to use one you get used to it. Even though this controller is great, I have one complaint about it, and that's the R2 and L2 button. They have a Convex shape, so if your hands get sweaty, they'll easily slip off. Another complaint is that the L2 and R2 buttons aren't as accurate and doesn't have as much vary when you half press them as compared to the Xbox 360 controller.  Other than the L2 and R2 buttons, these are the best controllers money can buy!
B0015DROBO|5.0|spellbinding story of social miscreants and how everyday people along with misunderstood talent works together to help society be better. outstanding read.
B005EYF6NI|5.0|Love Shirley McClaine it is something about her that brings joy to your heart. Love her spirit, her innocence that turns out to be our mistakes. This is a story of a woman who just wanted to be loved. Is that so hard. Well it proves it depends on who you are, what you have, what you do, how you look, all of the wrong things of life. I will look at this story again looked at it late at night while in need of trying to do something to put me to sleep. This story is sweet and it is the same story told over and over again. A woman who wants to be loved for who she is no matter what she has done, As she said in the movie she can change many things but not her history. I say we can change many things but not our family, where we come from, many times our past is not our fault it is our lessons, our strength, just is what it is. Be happy no matter what and do what Shirley McClaine said at the end of the movie Live HOPEFULLY EVER AFTER.  Well enjoy please. This is a woman's movie so look at it alone or with your girlfriends.
B005N0PJJO|5.0|Ahh, I am in love with Mr Grey and Ana right now and I can't wait for the last novel. The first and second novels are amazing and I highly recommend.
0811875040|1.0|I received this book for the third time due to major mistakes in recipes and sort of decided that would not try the recipes from the latest book at all. My review is solely based on the bad experience of having a book be published incorrectly and all the process of getting one that is supposed to be fixed. It is a pretty book, quite lovely, the bakery in SF is quite nice but I can't vouch for the book.
B0052U59F4|5.0|I was loaned this book and I could not put it down. It was so fantastic. Some of the reviews were leading me to believe it might be too crazy for me but the tension, love, and story line were amazing. I loved the characters and the ending was such a cliff-hanger, I had to read the next one and I am impatiently waiting for the third and last novel to come out.
B0056BMK6K|5.0|I found the book \\"How I Sold A Million e Books in 5 Months\\" to be very enlightening. Anyone who is engaged in the self-publishing business will definitively glean useful information from this e Book. The author's empirical perspective gives the reader an insider's glimpse into the industry. The ideas presented by Mr.Locke will help you to market and sell your manuscript.The mere fact that this  author( who has sold over a million e Books) is sharing his  strategy is well worth the admission price. This is truly an informative read.
B006IGZWB2|5.0|I loved this movie, It moved me . People , ALL people forget what the struggle was like for us and either white people or (other people than black) tend to discredit our trials, on the other side black people forget also. We forget how hard our ancestors have worked for us to have the life we have, and what life is that ? Not just you as a individual but as a whole. Think about it.
B0060V1WJ6|5.0|The movie is about love in various forms.<br /><br />The main story is Calvin and Emily Weaver. They have been married for about 25 years and have two young children. Emily tells Cal that she had an affair with a work colleague and wants a divorce.<br />This sets Cal in a funk, and while at a bar meets Jacob Palmer who tells Cal that he needs to change in order to win back Emily<br /><br />Next is a 20 something girl named Hannah who is going to be a lawyer. She is involved with a lawyer, but soon meets Jacob and begins a relationship with him.<br /><br />Next is Cal and Emily's 13 year old son Robbie who is in love with his 17 year old babysitter Jessica (who is in love with Cal.)<br /><br />All in all a very funny movie with a great cast.
B005SODYGA|1.0|It was disappointing to get this CD just to find out there is nothing new from this band. I pre-ordered, but would not buy had I known what's inside.
0300169787|5.0|I am giving McQueen's work 5 starts here. This book is a beautifully put together compilation or MANY (not all) of his brilliant clothes from his first collection up until the posthumous Angels and Demons. Having been lucky enough to see the exhibit I can say first hand that they did a phenomenal job of photographic the clothes with a lot of life.<br /><br />That being said, this is not a biography like some other reviewers apparently thought it was. It is a catalog of his work, not his life. There are snippets of his thoughts, and little lights shone into his work process, but overall the clothes do the talking.
B005KA188S|2.0|I'm not going to write some long drawn out post here - you can read the longer version on Shivers of Horror, my Horror Movie/Review blog. The link is in my profile. I'll just give you a quick rundown.<br /><br />I'm a HUGE HUGE HUGE fan of the original film. I even sorta like the sequel to it. Its one of the best Vampire movies to have ever been released. That being said, it is pure horror/comedy. Its not 100% serious at times, so if you don't like your vampire/horror films like that you might not enjoy the original. . .<br /><br />The only thing going for this remake is Colin Farrel as a sexy vampire and unfortunately they didn't play up to that enough, so even he couldn't save the movie from being pretty crappy.<br /><br />The entire beginning was rushed. Murders had already been happening and \\"Evil\\" Ed was the one to suspect Jerry from the getgo. Charlie didn't really care about Jerry or Peter Vincent. Their roles really seemed reversed.<br /><br />This movie just wasn't as fun as the original. And lets not forget the god awful CGI blood used in every shot that there was blood.<br /><br />Take my advice. Watch the original first!<br /><br />As for the special features on the disc (I got mine free as a reviewer copy) - Peter Vincent: Come Swim in My Mind, The Official \\"How to Make a Funny Vampire Movie\\" Guide, Deleted & Extended Scenes, Squid Man: Extended & Uncut, Bloopers, Kid Cudi's \\"No one believes me\\" music video.<br /><br />Peter Vincent: Come Swim in My Mind: This is a two minute interview with the character \\"Peter Vincent\\" and how he came up with \\"Fright Night\\".<br /><br />The Official \\"How to Make a Funny Vampire Movie\\" Guide: Short interview segments with cast and crew about the must needed things to make a funny vampire movie. Like the \\"rules\\" to a funny vampire movie. Runs about 8 minutes.<br /><br />Deleted & Extended Scenes: Just under 5 minutes worth of footage. Nothing special to these really.<br /><br />Squid Man Extended & Uncut: Is just under 3 minutes, and it consists of the dorky movie footage that Charlie shot with his friends. We see a brief segment of it within the movie, but this is the whole video.<br /><br />Kid Cudi's \\"No One Believes Me\\" Music Video: Title speaks for itself. A 5 minute music videobrief segment of it within the movie, but this is the whole video.  Kid Cudi's \\"No One Believes Me\\" Music Video: Title speaks for itself. A 5 minute music video
B0055SWM08|5.0|this ethereal game had me hooked right away.  fun, and unusual.  the music is beautiful and the sounds fit the graphics well.  a bargain!
B005K0HDGE|5.0|I have been a die hard King reader since he started publishing.  I've read every one of his books, and as much as I'd like to say they are all great, some were less than King's standard of excellent.  The Wastelands series was amazing; Lisey's Story was not.  He's been very inconsistent.  I hesitantly bought Under the Dome, and found it was very close to perfect.  While I enjoyed the ending, I thought it was somewhat of a cop-out.  His latest collection of short stories/novellas....amazing.  Then there is 11/22/63....I can't help but give this 5 stars.  Others have offered more detailed reviews and explanations of the story, but I just wanted to add that the character development was detailed and realistic...I turly cared about the characters.  Some liberty was taken with the timelines, but he effectively explains that in the afterword (which was equally interesting).  I love the concept of the 'rabbit hole'; I love that he took it a step further and 'predicted' what would happen if the 'strings' of history were disrupted...the butterfly effect.<br /><br />If you are a King reader who was disillusioned as of late, pick this one up.  If you've never read King, this is a great starting point for you.  I still maintain King's strongest talent is his short stories, but this is one of the best novels he's produced to date.  Looking forward to more!
1932735410|5.0|This is one of the standard books being used for the PMP Exam Prep and really prepares you for that 4hour exam.
B001DEXDNI|5.0|Fast service at a great price.  This was a good buying experience on Amazon.com.  I love Annie Lenox and I love this CD !!
B005URRCUY|5.0|Let me just start off by saying I started listening to The Black Keys right when Rubber Factory dropped and the 10 am Automatic video came out.  I've been in love ever since.  There isn't enough main stream blues today, at least not like in the 60s with Cream, Hendrix, Zeppelin, etc.    When Brothers dropped I expected the reviews to be LOW but to much my surprise, that album currently holds a 4 and half start rating.  Yes, there are some pop influences here and there but there has always been pop in the past albums.  10 am Automatic is just as catchy as Tighten Up.  But the entire Rubber Factory is much catchier compared to the entire Brothers.  Brothers is more of an album for driving at night by yourself drunk off of Jack after breaking up with a girl whereas Rubber Factory gets you moving with all that fuzz.  So I thought MAYBE, just MAYBE the American public is turning towards Blues again.  Then this album came out, the reviews started being written and I knew that wasn't the case...  If you're reading this review and haven't bought the album yet, just go out and get it already.  This album is like Brothers meets Rubber Factory.  The sticker that was on the plastic around my LP said \\"PLAY LOUDLY\\" and that holds true.  While these songs might have cliche catchy hooks, do not, let me repeat, DO NOT be fooled.  The Keys have not sold out, in fact watch their interview with Q Studios on Youtube about selling out.    My first time listening to this album, the first word that comes to mind is; THICK.  This album freakin' hits you hard.  The fuzz guitars and booming drums are back boys and girls.  Dan is back in full form with his usual blues lyrics about heart break and whatever else raspy voice people like to sing about.  BUT THEN, there's more.  They have layered these fuzz tracks reminiscent of Rubber Factory with the catchy keyboard parts, bells and wind chimes of Brothers.    I loved The Big Come Up, Thickfreakness, Rubber Factory and Magic Potion.  Attack and Release and Brothers took a bit to grow on me.  This album though, I LOVED immediately.  I can't skip through any of these tracks.   Sure, it's not straight forward blues, but it isn't just straight pop either.  The keys have made a successful fusion.  A+  The Black Keys.
B004EPZ084|2.0|I don't know how this got so many reviews saying how hysterically funny it was. I don't want to undermine it altogether. Aniston did great with a raunchy role (she should take more roles likes this), Spacey was excellent ... as always (although his role in here was a PG-13 version of his character from [[ASIN:B0009A40EI Swimming With Sharks (Special Edition)]]), and Bateman did well carrying most of the film as did movie newcomer Charlie Day. But ... the plot was mediocre and the humor died out halfway through the film. Also, what the hell is up with Jason Sudeikis? How is he cast as this ladies man ... and one in real life!? I mean Mad Men's January Jones and House's Olivia Wilde!?!?! Seriously!?!?! The guy looks like a used car salesman! I don't get how he would be cast in a role like this. But, nonetheless, the trio worked well together. An OK film but not as funny as filmgoers made it out to be.
0307272702|4.0|This book was fascinating. I am an avid reader of nutrition and diet books, and having read Skinny Bitch and the China Study, I had been mostly influenced by mostly plant based diets.<br />I decided to read Taubes' book after becoming interested in ideology pertaining to the paelolithic diet. the Vegetarian Myth, by Lierre Keith has also made me question agricultural practices and human consumption of food produced by agriculture. This book was like a slap in the face for thoughts on food and eating. It was such an epiphany to realign my thoughts on weight gain and what we \\"should\\" be eating with fats and animal products instead of thinking that fruit and veg were the way to go.<br />I think the point that really sold me, is that for the millions of years that mankind has been around, he has eaten animals and occasional leafy veg, maybe nuts and certain fruits. Grains, dairy and sugar have only come into existence and our daily diets within the last few thousand years, and with them, a plethora of diseases including obesity.<br />Taubes believes that carbohydrates found in certain fruits, all grains, starchy vegetables and sugar are responsible for us getting fat, due to our body's relatively new introduction of these foods into our diets and our body's reduced ability to process these kinds of foods.<br />There are some pretty large chunks of this book that focus on the biological responses and science behind Taubes' theory. Some of it is really interested and some of it is a little tedious (like the Chapter Adiposity 101... yeesh!).<br />I had already amended my diet to reduce sugar and grains, and I believe in a lot of what Taubes said. As a former vegan, it was good to get perspective from the alternate view, paired with real science and an incredibly commonsensical approach.
B0041KKYGU|2.0|I was really surprised that some critic called this the funniest film of the year and how it was as funny as [[ASIN:B00466HN7M Bridesmaids]]. I don't think so! Sure, this had a few funny parts but it was nowhere near as funny as \\"Bridesmaids.\\" The main thing was that Diaz's character was despicable and, as a viewer, I had absolutely no compassion or concern for her, so that you don't root for her. I was hoping she would fail miserably, in fact. Not to say Lucy Punch's character was good either, but it just wasn't that good of a film. The best person/character in the film was (no surprise) Jason Segel. He had the best lines and part.
0307891372|5.0|Simply put, this guide is amazing. There's over 600 pages of very informative information, from main quests to side quests, and everything in between. When I say everything, I mean everything. If you want to take the full advantage of playing Skyrim, do yourself a favor and buy this guide. You won't be disappointed. I'll just add here that I normally do not bother buying guides, as I can easily find anything out from the internet. However, if you plan on putting 150+ hours into Skyrim, you will find things to be much easier and more fun if you get this strategy guide. Also, it makes a great christmas gift with the game.
B004HO6I2E|4.0|Compared to Jason Bateman's other film, [[ASIN:B004EPZ084 Horrible Bosses (+ UltraViolet Digital Copy)]], this one is actually funny and has a decent, good story and heart. Ryan Reynolds is hilarious ... as always. But what I was really impressed with was Jason Bateman's range to do such raunchy comedy in this. Usually, he plays the straight-arrow but he excels well in this. I didn't expect to see the nudity in this (an 8-month pregnant woman, and Leslie Mann -- Judd Apatow's wife and in [[ASIN:B000TZJBPQ Knocked Up (Unrated Widescreen Edition)]]) but it worked with the story. This is finally a movie for a married man/father that touches upon the everyday trivialities in that role. Definitely worth watching and much better than \\"Horrible Bosses.\\"
6304712936|1.0|Please know the 'standard' DVD picture quality is horrible!  Fuzzy, poor focus and it almost seems like it's a bootleg, shot-in-the-movies with a cheap camcorder and could CAN be said that the entire movie appears to be out of focus*!  POOR picture quality(!) and THAT is a REAL tragedy because it was a really decent movie IN the theaters, but please, SAVE your money on the 'standard' DVD!  OK... I had to edit this because I just ordered (on Amazon of course) the \\"Directors Edition\\" and hopefully the overall quality will be much better?  I promise to give future credit where it is due after seeing the 'new' DE version of Amadeus.  *I failed to add that I use a quality Sony Blu-Ray player with HDMI output to a very decent monitor.  NO rum for the editors ~ yet!
B005IZLPKQ|4.0|I was definitely skeptical when I heard of Chris Evans' casting for this role but he more than made up for it. I'm not a big Marvel fan ... or Captain America fan, for that matter. I consider him to be just a big propaganda creation for the U.S. military. And while he is just that, this was still a really well-done film. It was not as good as [[ASIN:B004LWZW42 X-Men: First Class]] but it is right up there with [[ASIN:B001C08RHA Iron Man (Single-Disc Edition)]].
B001UV4XJ2|4.0|First, I have to say I read the books first and was a little sad that they changed the way the book has it end.  Still a great movie and I am in love the HP books and movies.  I just wish they had stuck to the book ending...the movie ending felt so much less intense to me.  Just a personal opinion - I guess I just loved the ending in the book and felt they should have followed it more.  The more I watch this one the more I like it but was very let down the first time I watched it.
B004EPZ07K|3.0|When it comes to comics, I'm a DC guy. However, their films (save Batman and Superman) have not been impressive. I love most of the DC characters as well as the Justice League, but I've never been crazy about The Green Lantern. He seems like he should be a Marvel hero and I've just never been impressed with his mythology. But ... since Ryan Reynolds was in this (and I'm a fan of his), I decided to give this movie a try. While the film was not as bad as most critics made it out to be, it also wasn't that good either. It didn't impress; it simply is. Even though the crew tried its best, the villain of the movie is anything but frightening (I guess that happens when you incorporate a CG-created villain). Sarsgaard was good as co-villain Hammond, but I think the main problem with the Green Lantern is that he is the jock of superheroes. Sure, Superman has good looks and muscles but his geeky secret identity of Clark Kent keeps him grounded as a hero and relatable to readers. Hal Jordan as Green Lantern, however, has everything: good looks, a job as a jet fighter pilot, a ladies man, etc. He might as well be a rock star who becomes a superhero. And that's my problem with him. While he has his doubts, he still is hard to relate to -- unless you are a fighter pilot or rock star. \\"The Green Lantern\\" is an OK movie, but in a time of a barrage of superhero films, unfortunately, it's not enough. I think Reynolds will be much better suited if/when he takes on Marvel's Deadpool.
0307272702|5.0|When I was deployed to Afghanistan, I lost 20 pounds after I quit eating that extra dinner roll or bread at lunch and dinner. I knew keeping the weight off after I redeployed would be hard. My concern led me to \\"Why We Get Fat.\\" I wanted hard scientific data to back what the paleo or primal diet authors claimed. I had a hard time believing something so contrary to everything I had been told about what constitutes a healthy diet and lifestyle. \\"Why We Get Fat\\" empowered me to truly to decide. I say truly because conventional wisdom ignores data from scientists studying metabolism, metabolic disorders and diabetes.     If you want to understand why low-carb and low-fat diets work or don't work, and how they are healthy or unhealthy, read \\"Why We Get Fat\\". The author presents his information in competent prose but the information itself is challenging. He delves into why our biology makes weight loss more complex than simply burning more calories than we consume.  For the record, Gary Taubes' says at the beginning that ethical questions about eating animals, especially animals raised in inhumane conditions, are important but not his focus in \\"Why We Get Fat.\\" For the same reason, he does not discuss the merits of organic food versus food grown with pesticides or anything about omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids.   I've been home almost five months now and have kept those 20 pounds off thanks to \\"Why We Get Fat\\".
B001EN71DG|5.0|I am not writing a review about the movie itself, as we all know of it's awesomeness.  If you can still find this set, it has the original theatrical release along with the \\"improved\\" versions.  I wish they would have the original theatrical on Blu-Ray, but that will probably never happen.  I am happy I purchased this as I was able to show my children the real Star Wars trilogy.  I did have them on VHS but wanted to have the DVD versions too.
B004SCN2F6|5.0|Plays like Trade Wars or Master of Orion - space themed trade/explore/political/combat game with lots of ship choice, decent AI and fun unlocks. The alliance system adds a lot of strategy and its randomness means there is a lot of replayability here. Learning curve can be a bit steep but well worth it.
B0000AUHPG|5.0|This Western is one of the Greats in Western movies.<br />Plenty of BLOOD and GUTS.<br />Henry Fonda's worst roll,now that's just because he's such a Nasty Cold Blooded Villian,<br />not because of his acting.<br />I saw this when it hit the big screen in 1969,now it's part of our collection.
B00632HWOG|2.0|This is really a review for the Yahoo Mail for Android and not sure they are one and the same.  If they are different apps then I guess just ignore this one.  Once I finally was able to install it, the icon looks identical though.<br /><br />I've had ATT/SBC/AMERITECH DSL service for many years (with each bad experience, I keep asking myself \\"why?\\")  Mail server issues and tech support that either couldn't fix the or problem or in some cases, just made the problem worse.  Most recently, after demanding to speak to a supervisor, he finally resolved the last mail server issue.  \\"Oh, here's the problem\\" he said, \\"why did you change these settings?\\"  I didn't!  The last ATT tech who remotely accessed my computer did!!  (That did seem to fix the mail server problem - temporarily!)  But, at least the supervisor corrected it and things seemed to running smoothly now with Outlook on my laptop.  Just giving some background with my long-running issues with ATT.<br /><br />That brings me to my mobile HTC Incredible Droid that I use with my Verizon mobile account.  I had booked-marked and used fairly flawlessly the Classic Yahoo Mail on the Droid.  Worked for months and months will little problems.  Then this week, when I attempted to log on and read my mail - I was continually taken to a page that says Yahoo! Mail for Android 2.0 with a tab \\"Download the Yahoo Mail App\\", along with the choice \\"Or use classic Yahoo Mail\\".<br /><br />No reason to change, really, as I was quite happy with the classic, but every time I clicked on that choice for classic, it just cycles back to the same screen.  Over and over.  *sigh*  Okay, I guess ATT/Yahoo is forcing users to download the app - so I give up and click on the download.  Loading... loading...STILL loading.  Gave up tried about once an hour.  Same thing.  No luck. Finally tonight/early this morning  I get all the way to the accept policy messge -  I click that it FINALLY seems to be downloading the APP.  Ummm, no, guess not.  Has Yahoo (ATT) taken something that WAS WORKING and forced their customers to download a broken APP??  What were they thinking??  Read the reviews on Marketplace - first 50 I read were mostly 1 star (and many wrote \\"0\\" in their reviews).  I suppose I can't really review the app as I have been unable to even download it, but seeing the reviews, I don't have much to look forward to.  Yahoo/ATT motto: \\"If it ain't broke, we'll break it!\\"<br />Could be worse, I guess.  I could have ATT as my mobile company!<br /><br />UPDATE!!  well, at 4AM the download install finally went through, and, so far - it is working!!  (knock on wood)  SO, I upgraded my review to 2 stars - mainly because of the lack of notification that I was going to be forced over to the new Yahoo Mail App, and secondly because of the absolute horrible time it took to finally download the app that I was being forced over to.  Finally, when I started having these issues, ATT blamed it on Yahoo and to contact them.  Yahoo blamed it on ATT and that I should contact them. Awell...  It's too early to tell how well it will end up working for me, but in the few minutes it has been in use, it does seem to be working.  Sorry about poor grammer and typos - VERY early in the A.M.at WAS WORKING and forced their customers to download a broken APP??  What were they thinking??  Read the reviews on Marketplace - first 50 I read were mostly 1 star (and many wrote \\"0\\" in their reviews).  I suppose I can't really review the app as I have been unable to even download it, but seeing the reviews, I don't have much to look forward to.  Yahoo/ATT motto: \\"If it ain't broke, we'll break it!\\"  Could be worse, I guess.  I could have ATT as my mobile company!  UPDATE!!  well, at 4AM the download install finally went through, and, so far - it is working!!  (knock on wood)  SO, I upgraded my review to 2 stars - mainly because of the lack of notification that I was going to be forced over to the new Yahoo Mail App, and secondly because of the absolute horrible time it took to finally download the app that I was being forced over to.  Finally, when I started having these issues, ATT blamed it on Yahoo and to contact them.  Yahoo blamed it on ATT and that I should contact them. Awell...  It's too early to tell how well it will end up working for me, but in the few minutes it has been in use, it does seem to be working.  Sorry about poor grammer and typos - VERY early in the A.M.
B001EN71CW|5.0|The best item for buy this dates (or when you like). It's a must-have item (also in DVD too) of sci-fi plus spaggeti western. The main character is the best cowboy (with permision of Clint Eastwood), and all of surround the show is... epic. In few words, you have to get it (and if you don't have blu-ray viewer, buy one only for this product!).
1579128149|5.0|Great book. The author is quite funny and engaging in his writing, making it easy to read about this seemingly dry scientific topic.  The pictures are beautiful and brightly colored and the book itself is very well made. It could easily be given as a coffee table book (it's not huge) because it's so pretty just to leaf through.  I had to restrain myself from buying it for everyone on my xmas list because of how attractive it is.  There are huge close up pictures of each element on a glimmering black background with a corresponding page of text (with additional, small pictures).  The text though is also fascinating (if limited). Gray explains the element, it's use and importance. Did you know that Cesium's decay is the measure of time? Again, all the text is littered with humor as well. I found myself reading just for enjoyment.  This would be a great book for a teenager with a beginning interest in chemistry.  But, it is not a book for those who want to know lots about the elements.
1577314808|2.0|This book  means well but it seemed to make me think more! I have been suffering with a little anxiety and got this book hoping it would help.. it did not. It made me feel like my way of thinking was completely wrong and backwards. It creeped me out the way the author says to basically quit thinking- I don't think that's a good way to approach life. I can understand calming your mind but completely shutting it down just seems unreasonable to me. However, I did take away the lesson that you should try and live more in the moment instead of constantly obsessing on the future/past.
B00011KHTM|5.0|I ended up buying a couple of mini dvi to vga adapters on amazon as well as ebay and none worked they all ended up feeling cheap loose and would display my macboook in Pink on my LCD...one amazon reseller sent me 2and none worked so dont be fooled by cheap prices make sure to get and OEM Original Apple adapater...This one finally did the trick..It was really original Apple adapter and it worked liked a charm.. highly recommended
B0058OUJA4|5.0|This game has been a lot of fun and has been very challenging at times! I like the map editor as well. Well done!
B0017R5UAA|5.0|Got this album for my husband for his birthday, and he loved it. Amazon is very dependable, and we got it quickly.  Fleet Foxes have a very interesting sound - it's like Andrew Bird meets the Beach Boys.  I love the vocals and melodies and arrangements.  You'll love this album!
B005F3XV7Q|5.0|this movie is so funny and entertaining, not a dull  moment through the whole movie and it's great for  children to watch . very clean and funny.i would recommend it to anyone who likes fun movies to watch.  bobbie lawson
B006JPS1OM|5.0|very entertaining! definitely worth it for a lazy day. I'm 23yrs old and love it. may buy the rest of it!
B0017JKEL8|4.0|My one and only gripe is the audio on this season. Seasons 2-4 have DTS-HD and work fine, but this season I need to turn my volume up to 35-40 to hear (12-18 is where it normally is for other DVD, Blu-Ray, and DirecTV).
0439023491|5.0|Great book. I wasn't blown away the first time I read it, but when I finished the series I grew to love them a lot. They are now among my favorite books.<br /><br />The books shipped quickly and I'm happy with my purchase.
B004I8WD6E|5.0|Purchased this along with the Incipio NGP Case for my brand new iPhone 4S. Prefer this Amazon case hands down! My main concern is dropping. If you have \\"butter fingers\\", the grip/texture of this case is much more secure in hand than the Incipio. AND the see-through case shows off all of the iPhone charm whereas the Incipio does not. You won't be disappointed in this case.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|I've always loved Harry Potter, and even though it's different than the book the movie is a great interpretation of the book. It shipped quickly and I'm happy with my purchase.
B004GYNPL2|3.0|There is no support for the app if you purchased it through amazon.  The android market keeps saying there is an update, but there is never an update on this market.  Would be 5 stars if they supportedthe amazon copy.
B005PTQPU0|4.0|I'm enjoying this so much more than I expected to. Of course Kate's voice is always wondrous. And while I loved Aerial, I found it kind of overwhelming and musically not that adventurous. It was like in the rush to include everything that had happened since her previous record over a decade before, plus childhood memories, plus her ruminations on art and the creative process, two discs were hardly enough and yet way too much.<br /><br />Despite the preponderance of 10 minute songs, this album is much more focused. It reminds me of The Dreaming and Never Forever, and it's because of the narrow focus on winter in all its phases. This is like the spookiest Christmas album you'll ever find, like a rock and roll Wyndham Hill, like a solstice album for the surreally-minded. It's beautiful, it's at times a little lugubrious, it's mournful, it's fragile, and it's pretty fascinating. She's given Elton John (whose taste has always been questionable to me) his best vocal showcase in years in \\"Snowed in at Wheeler St.,\\" and those who decry the Stephen Fry contribution on the title track just don't get it. It's like \\"Waking the Witch\\" only with a sexual male throb running through it (as this witch is already wide awake and urging him on), and yet another part of the subtext of the entire project, which is sexual and romantic love even during the coldest of climes, even for the snow man, wild man or yeti himself. There's a beautiful, moody simplicity on display here, making each song distinct due to the necessarily narrow focus, and featuring exotic world music embellishments which continue Kate's musical explorations from the past two decades.
B004GGM444|1.0|This guy originally was in an emo band. When that fell out of popularity he hopped on the next trend. Fortunately for us, dubstep is already dead and only people who need music shoved in their faces still listen to it.  That being said, Skrillex makes it painfully clear that anyone with a computer can make music.
B0063IH60K|4.0|This app is easy to use and I enjoy playing. Better than some other nonlinear solitaire I have tried before.
B000CNFC76|5.0|This is a Christmas gift.  I ordered one for my husband and 1 for a friend.  Both of them loved the movie!
B004LWZW4W|1.0|Amazon took down my past review because somebody didn't like my review and called me a \\"TOOL\\" (way to show your age). This movie was so bad that the CGI out shined the acting by a long shot. It is a hate-filled movie that really has no redeeming qualities I could find. Go way back and watch the original, now that was a classic and even the sequel was pretty good. Over-hyped, over-rated and under whelmed.
B00006I53S|4.0|I got this default with the 7D.  I have been using low F primes and didn't want to use this for much but took the chance.  It is somewhat dimmer and less amazing over a prime in low light but it does a great job in moderate to bright light.<br /><br />The most impressive feature of this lens is how well it performs with shooting video.  Light becomes less an issue and the focus is fast and easy to work with.  Try shooting vids with a prime and you will know what I mean about focus issues.  Now I take the one prime and this and all bases are covered. I plan on getting the 16-35 down the road but this lens will be greatly welcome among the others.
141041678X|5.0|Bought this for my son in 4th grade and he is reading them all!  Great author, great series.  Te large print made reading even easier.
B000AY74OG|5.0|AMAZING, They are the best, I really enjoy them. I always look for them when buying anything !! ! 5 STARS.
B0055QYKQO|4.0|This motherboard offers the best combination of features for the price. It supports the AMD FX processor and it's great for CADs work. Add a good graphics card, some memory and a good sized hard drive and you have a great work station.
B006IGZWB2|5.0|Ok, first of all, I just have to say that in some point during this movie, my dad cried. I, however, controlled my tears, although they were threatening to fall. \\"The Help\\" is a hilarious, inspiring, makes-you-want-to-get-up-and-do-something film. After watching the movie, I ran on over to the book store and bought, and read, the book. LOVE IT! Emma Stone leads this film as Skeeter, a young (white) women with a college degree and her heart set on becoming a journalist, in Mississippi during a time that strongly encouraged segregation. Her friends are all extremely anti-African while they go along trying to raise money for the starving children of Africa (IRONIC!). Skeeter must chose between her \\"friends\\" and the one she loves, and her career and what she knows is right.<br /><br />RENT IT, WATCH IT, BUY IT NOW!!!
B005UBNKZG|4.0|This is a great processor for anyone that wants to build a powerful computer. There are several good motherboards that support this processor. The price and preformance are very good compared to Intel processors.
B0060V1WJ6|5.0|I love this movie because it just felt so real and funny. The crazy coincidences in this film will make you literally yell at the screen and sometimes you will even find yourself asking, out loud, \\"WHY?!\\". I rented this because I was bored and now I know that I'll never regret it. Emma Stone, Ryan Gosling, and, of course, Steve Carell come together to make this movie a must-see tale about love. The rest of the cast really bring it together into the category of \\"funniest-clean-movie-ever\\". YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS!!! WATCH IT NOW!!! Well, anyway, I'm off to buy it on DVD now.<br /><br />BEST. MOVIE. EVER.
B005H8DEMG|1.0|Bad.  Truly awful.  Miscast.  Horrible and distracting music.  Plenty of overacting.  Difficult to understand dialog, not because it is Shakespeare but because of the noise that makes it hard to hear and some bad enunciation.  Special effects that aren't that special.  It is just one colossal mess.
B005PW3OS8|4.0|This movie was okay to me. I liked the action and story of how a weak and scrawny guy with a kind heart got the body that he wanted and the job to save America from the Germans. In fact, I even liked every bit until the ending. I am confused as to why he ended up in the situation he ended up in (I don't want to give it away..) and whether or not they will make a sequel. I mean, they can't just leave him like that, can they?<br /><br />Rent it. I wouldn't buy it :)
B000MQC9H4|5.0|This movie is  about two women named Amanda and Iris.  Both women have  men problems.  Amanda (Cameron Diaz) just found out her boyfriend, Ethan (Edward Burns) has been cheating on her  with someone at her work.  She realizes that she needs get away from L.A. for a while.  Iris (Kate Winslet) who just found out the man she is in love with, Jasper, is marrying another woman.  The two women meet on online on a house exchange rental website.  Amanda and Iris agree to swap houses, cars and everything for  two weeks over the Christmas.  Both Amanda and Iris are surprised when they arrive to their vacation spots. Amanda especially when she arrives in Surrey, New England.  On Amanda's first night she meets Graham (Jude Law) who is Iris's brother.  On their trips Amanda and Iris manage to find love. Iris meets  Miles (Jack Black).  Amanda falls in love with Graham.  This is one Christmas Amanda, Graham, Iris and Miles will never forget.  The Holiday is one of my favorite Christmas movies.  I hope everyone loves this movie.
B005BGBPBG|4.0|After reading the book \\"Something Borrowed\\", I rented the movie and wasn't too surprised with the result. Don't get me wrong, the movie is good, but I wasn't that confident in the actresses casted for Rachel and Darcy. The film turned out better than I expected, but still I wouldn't think that it was as good as the book. They cut out some essential parts of \\"Something Borrowed\\" that made the book a hit in the first place. The main point of this movie: Should Rachel chose to go out with Dex (Darcy's fiance. P.S. Rachel met him first and liked him first but, as always, she moved aside for Darcy.) or should she remain faithful to her friendship with Darcy (who has always gotten what she wanted and has even taken what Rachel wanted just for the fun of it..)?<br /><br />Does this sound like a strong and healthy friendship to you?
B0002F6BRE|5.0|My family loves this movie.  After getting a number of PPV charges I figured I'd better purchase this movie again as we had worn out the first copy.  The movie arrived quickly and I really liked that we could watch it using Amazon's streaming video store until it was delivered.
0312641893|4.0|Meet Cinder:  A teenage mechanic who lives with a slave driving, money hogging adoptive step-mother, and her two step-sisters, one of which is oddly enough a sweetheart.  In Cinder's hometown, New Beijing to be exact, the earth has experienced, and is still experiencing a horrible plague.  Imagine the Black Death in the Middle Ages to the extreme as this virus hit the whole of earth's population.  And even after years later, it's still spreading.  Unfortunately for Cinder, this isn't even half her problems.  She's also a cyborg.  Somewhere along the way she lost her hand and foot, which is now made from metal, and connected to her nervous system.  So technically she is still part human, but to full humans...cyborg's are just robots without emotions, and below them.  Neighboring merchants give her evil glares, or at least the ones who know about her extremities, and the only one who can even remotely be called a friend is her step-sister Peony, and Cinder's robot friend Iko. (side note: I adored Iko's personality!  A robot who has a crush on a prince, and is working on her sarcasm...can't get funnier than that.)<br /><br />But Cinder's luck is about to change all in the form of a broken android.  Prince Kaito finds Cinder's merchant stall, and much to his surprise the highly recommended mechanic behind the table turns out to be a young attractive girl.  This android is special to him as it contains valuable information, and it's up to Cinder to fix it, and fix it quick.  Because unbeknown to her, the queen of the Lunar race (you got it...moon people/alien race with magical/illusion/mind persuasion powers) is coming for Kai's coronation as his father passed away from the disease, and wants only one thing.  Kai's hand in marriage.  Cinder's chance for fleeing her step-mother draws near, but yet, she has choices to make.  Either escape the cruelty of her step-mother, or stay to help a friend.  In the end, even a cyborg has to rely on their heart.<br /><br />Cinder is a totally transparent tale as it is a retelling of the Cinderella story minus the mice and fairy godmother.  Add in a dystopian world where androids and cyborgs are common place, a disease is spreading over the entire earth killing thousands, and you've definitely got a new take on a classic story.  I truly enjoyed all the characters, which is saying something.  Cinder was not a weakling, and often stood up to her step mom, and while you might think that her being a cyborg would nix the emotion, it really only enhanced it.  I felt for her when she couldn't cry, and even envied her the ability to not blush.  Prince Kai was written well, a very down to earth person with the world on his shoulders.  You can tell he didn't want/wasn't ready for his role as King, but yet he took the burden willingly.  The plot on the other hand was very easily figured out.  I won't give it away here, but I mean, within the first two chapters, you know everything that is going to happen.  But even that still didn't take away from the story.  And more importantly, while I did know what was going to happen here, I'm at a loss as to what will occur in the next book!  Meyer did a great job with this retelling, and I can't wait to see where Cinder's adventure takes her next!!!t tale as it is a retelling of the Cinderella story minus the mice and fairy godmother.  Add in a dystopian world where androids and cyborgs are common place, a disease is spreading over the entire earth killing thousands, and you've definitely got a new take on a classic story.  I truly enjoyed all the characters, which is saying something.  Cinder was not a weakling, and often stood up to her step mom, and while you might think that her being a cyborg would nix the emotion, it really only enhanced it.  I felt for her when she couldn't cry, and even envied her the ability to not blush.  Prince Kai was written well, a very down to earth person with the world on his shoulders.  You can tell he didn't want/wasn't ready for his role as King, but yet he took the burden willingly.  The plot on the other hand was very easily figured out.  I won't give it away here, but I mean, within the first two chapters, you know everything that is going to happen.  But even that still didn't take away from the story.  And more importantly, while I did know what was going to happen here, I'm at a loss as to what will occur in the next book!  Meyer did a great job with this retelling, and I can't wait to see where Cinder's adventure takes her next!!!
B0033AI41G|5.0|I thought this movie was wonderful! I must for everyone to watch! It was a beautiful movie that helped me understand this disorder more by watching this movie.
B004NTE1D6|5.0|I've always loved this book, so I bought this to give to my newborn grandchild. It's a lovely story about the enduring love of a mother. This book was in excellent condition and will become a cherished family heirloom.  Thank you so much.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I love spider and this app works perfectly. The undo button will take you back to the beginning if you are so inclined.
B004I744AS|5.0|Type in any word and you automatically get: definition, word pronounced aloud, thesaurus, several quotes, option to see i&ntilde; many other languages, links to wikipedia, etc - all via simple scrolldown, without having to jump sites.<br /><br />Add in options to choose your base language (english -American or British, Arabic, Chinese, French, etc, etc).<br /><br />Add in a customizable first page with daily vocabulary word, quote, day in history, hangman and spelling games, horoscope, local weather, and more.<br /><br />For students, language geeks, and writers, this free app alone is almost reason enough to buy a Fire.
0525951652|5.0|I have never been that interested in history, especially of WWI.  I was shocked that I actually enjoyed this book.  I was able to enjoy an excellent fictional story, while still learning actual history.<br /><br />I also was pleasantly suprised to see that the author captured the female voices so well.  Bravo.<br /><br />It was great.  I can't wait for the sequel!
