B000002UAC|5.0|It's a landmark album, signalling the beginning of Beatlemania that was to sweep the globe.<br /><br />Beware of cheap knockoffs.  If the price is too good to be true there is a reason for it.  Only buy from Amazon or a big box store.
B00000J7J4|1.0|I heard the album and I did not hear anything special about it. I would surmize that this &quot;Latin&quot; thing has something to do with the so-called success of this corporate product. Santana decides to go  commercial with the &quot;in-thing&quot;, and the music industry promotes  the heck out of it. The grammies is the perfect medium for it. Pop music  today is so predictable and full of &quot;untalented-wannabes&quot;  Santana, you really messed-up on this one...
B00000K0DT|2.0|This movie was too confusing to be enjoyable, but that's probably what the director and screenwriter wanted - a film that baffles the viewer and leaves the audience 'guessing' until the end.  Bah!   In the effort to  appeal to the movie-goer by way of ambiguity and mystery, this movie loses  its luster.  Perhaps if the makers of this film had a goal other than to  baffle the viewer, the plot would have been better.  Instead, the director  concentrated on the audience rather than the film itself.   Additionally,  while the movie does have a few twists coupled with a surprise ending, it  is nothing unique.  Like many other films, this one has the same gun play,  murder, and ultimate 'bad guy.'  This film is nothing special, and I am  surprised that so many people found it 'amaxing.'   In short, this movie is  confusing and the director obviously put too much emphasis on trying to  fool the audience.  Utterly ridiculous.
0964385619|5.0|It is essential book for people who wish to come out from financial strugggling and lead to financial freedom.
6302921384|1.0|This movie bored the devil out of me; it's nothing special - same old stunts, same archetypical bad guy, same narrow escapes, blah, blah,blah.. There was, however, one good part - good because it was so laughable.  In  the beginning scene, when Stallone's character is trying to save the girl  who falls, Stallone's helicopter pilot is LAUGHING.  It's true!  I think  the actor is supposed to be showing concern or fright, but he's not - he is  LAUGHING!   If you don't believe me, check it out.  It's highly laughable!
B000002TQV|5.0|Although this is not the best album in their career (that would fall to the glorious OK Computer), it is still an essential album to buy.  The main reason is that Thom Yorke is supremely gifted when it comes to injecting  songs with emotion.  Whether it be longing (&quot;High &amp; Dry&quot;),  giddy anger (&quot;Just&quot;), or a casual deep thought  (&quot;Bulletproof...I Wish I Was&quot;), the lyrics speak on the level of  the soul.  Never mind that the music is near flawless anyways (thank you  Jonny Greenwood, Colin Greenwood, Ed O'Brien, and Phil Selway), but when  Thom sings, it is a release.  For myself, the song on this album that  affects me most is &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot;.  If a person doesn't  feel the need to cry after the song's climax, then they have some soul  searching to do, because they must not have one.  Simply put, Radiohead is  about as close as a music listener can get to a true religious experience.   Go forth and enjoy.
B000002H6C|5.0|In my humble opinion And Justice For All is the benchmark for all other metal bands to strive for. This album just plain ROCKS!  This is a must have for the true Metallica fan.
B000023VR6|1.0|thiz cd haz itz upz and downz.therez a lot ov stupid songz on it.therez only maybe 2 good songz on it,still D.R.E. and forgot about dre.sum ov tha beetz are o-kay.so if i were you id forget about D.R.E.
6303159966|4.0|I liked this movie.  Of course if wasn't as good as the book, but what movie is?  Several scenes with the dog at the end will make you jump out of your seat.  There are a few things that were very important in the book  that weren't explained enough in the movie.  Very good considering the age  and price of the movie.
B000023VR6|1.0|thiz cd haz itz upz and downz.therez a lot ov stupid songz on it.therez only maybe 2 good songz on it,still D.R.E. and forgot about dre.sum ov tha beetz are o-kay.so if i were you id forget about D.R.E.
B000002MG1|5.0|It is difficult to say which R.E.M. cd is their best, but I feel that AFTP is the one. Murmur, Up and Green would be close behind though. AFTP is a nice, consistent, cohesive cd. 12 tracks and none of them are bad. Those  who don't like R.E.M. should start here and then try the aforementioned  discs. This album is a must have for any music fan's collection, and it's  worth the money. It contains the hits &quot;Drive&quot;, &quot;Man on the  Moon&quot; and &quot;Everybody Hurts.&quot; The other 9 tracks are just as  brilliant. This cd doesn't suffer from repetitiveness or blandness which  can accompany some of R.E.M.'s other discs. Buy it.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Incredible music, wondrous melodies and great teamwork make up this fabulous album. Young artists, veteran guitarist and imaginative songs all help spark this musical recipe that reaches across ages and genres.   Santana proved beyond a doubt that the Latinization of American music is  more a transformation than a trend as writes music reporter Ramiro Burr,  author of &quot;The Billboard Guide to Tejano and regional Mexican  music,&quot; Billboard Books. This is a new era dawning.
B0000025RI|5.0|This cd sure doesn't need any introduction. However, of the 5 full length studio albums by Michael, Thriller is the one to start with. Why? For starters, Off The Wall sounds terribly dated now and doesn't have a solid  compilation of songs. Bad was quite good, but you could get that after you  get Thriller. Dangerous was only okay--at 14 tracks there were some very  repetitive sounds and the disc was very long--overly long. What about  HIStory? The hits disc was missing key tracks and the new disc was, again,  way too long at 15 tracks, and not all of the tracks were superior. So, it  is Thriller you should buy first. Not only is it the biggest selling album  in history, 7 of the 9 tracks were hits. Remember the days when an artist  would have at least 5 songs of one album--not like many of today's  one-hit-wonderfuls. I don't even need to defend this cd, everyone knows  it's great. Does is sound dated? Well, yes, it's 18 years old now and  Michael set a trend in music back then that is no longer  &quot;happening&quot; with today's music, though you can hear echoes of it.  This cd is a must for any serious music fan.
0002171856|5.0|Ihave found this book very helpfull on various camping and backpacking trips around England.The instructions are very clear and easy to follow with some partiularly good illustrations.Dont let other peoples negative  reveiws put you off buying this book,you never know it may save your life  one day.Keep practicing the skills you have learned.REMBER the 5 Ps.PROPER  PREPARATION PREVENTS POOR PERFORMANCE.
B000001FA4|5.0|Of all the U2 cds I chose this one as their best. The reason being that the three that came before, Boy, October and War are all rough edged and unfinished albums. I didn't choose The Joshua Tree because it's so popular  already and I didn't think it matched Unforgettable's cohesion. Achtung,  Baby would have been an obvious choice except that it doens't sound as  good, musically, as Unforgettable. Zooropa, Rattle and Hum and Pop are all  good albums but, again, they lack the consistency of Unforgettable. This  album has 10 tightly produced songs that sound great 16 years later. If you  don't know where to start this would be the one. If you're not a U2 fan,  this would be the one to start with. It's moody and melodic and shows just  how great U2 was about to be. That's what's really great about this  disc--you know what came next. This is an often overlooked gem in their  catalogue but it was a precursor to The Joshua Tree. A must have for any  serious music collector.
0790729628|3.0|Don't bother buying this DVD, especially if you already have the VHS version.<br />Don't give the studios money to put out garbage content and charge exorbitant rates for it.<br />I'll buy the DVD when everything is on  the one disc... documentaries, both cuts, missing scenes like the hospital  scene, even if it is in mono, and for good measure I'd like to see text  matter like original movie reviews.<br />Now THAT's worth paying extra money  for!
B000000OMB|5.0|Let's look at this cd for what it was: a great pop record. Sure, it was completely calculated by David Geffen, head of Geffen records at the time. However, their are so few superstar bands that this one, along with Blind  Faith, holds up over time. I was just 10 years old when I got this cd, and  it sounds dated now, but it brings back good memories. I have since become  an ardent Yes, ELP, King Crimson, Buggles, Genesis and Rush fan. Asia was  just a fun ride, nothing meant to be taken seriously. However, of all their  albums I do believe their first was their best. It's a good cd for those of  us who can remember Asia at all.
6304765231|2.0|I had high hopes when I got this DVD.  It had pretty good reviews and was shrouded in intrigue due to the unfortunate demise of the lead actor during its filming.  But after watching The Crow, I'm convinced that Brandon Lee  died from the sheer embarrassment of being associated with this  melodramatic flapdoodle.<br />First, the concept is thin but workable: a  fatally wronged man returns from the dead to wreak vengance on his killers.   Clint Eastwood did this well in &quot;High Plains Drifter.&quot;  But that  movie had mystery, conflict and examination of the souls of both the living  and the dead.  It probed.<br />Not so this film.  Lee simply goes about  killing miscreants in artful and condign ways until they're all dead.  Sort  of a &quot;Halloween&quot; from the persepctive of Jason.  All of Lee's  cardboard cut-out victims are too strung and atavistic to even believe they  have human souls, much less ones worth examining before they are dispatched  to Hell.  Even the ringleader has as his crowning intellectual achievment  the creation of a night devoted to arson.  When that becomes passe', he  reaches for new heights of criminality.  His decision?  A REALLY BIG fire.   Man, why didn't I think of that?  Pass me the bong...<br />Finally, not to  speak ill of the dead, but Brandon Lee couldn't act his way out of a wet  paper bag.  Half the time I thought I was watching the Joker from Batman  menace drifters, though Jack Nicholson can menace pretty convincingly.  Not  Lee.  If he hadn't been immortal/dead, he would have been slapped down by  the first cranked-up junkie he rolled.<br />Skip this one, folks.  Go buy/rent  High Plains Drifter and watch a good revenge flick.
B00001MXWX|5.0|This an excellent movie. This a must-have for any Star Trek or SCI-FI fan. I think it is a great edition to the Star Trek saga. Anybody who does not like this movie has got to have something wrong with them or is just out to  make fun of everything that they don't like.
B0000024RZ|5.0|Wow- buy this album. Dylan's songs go beyond music.They are works of art. Feel some of dylan's greatest poetry. Each song is a story into it's own.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This CD is the best money i have ever spent, i love it. You sould buy!
B00000J7J4|5.0|In my experience, there have been very few albums that, when I finished listening to the entire album for the first time, I silently thanked the artist.  This is an album that you will get HOURS of enjoyment from for  many years to come.  It is an instant classic.
B000002J1Y|5.0|Just downloading a thirty second clip takes me back to the magical days of the original yes. To me, there was never a better group of musicians/writers/performers assembled. I urge any of you that loved these  magical times, but have moved on, to come back/go back. Get this CD, find  some time and rediscover the magic of yes.
044100590X|5.0|Most scholarly literary minds consider the realm of Science Fiction to be be suited for nothing more than children. Books such as Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep, 2001 and Dune are much more than typical sci-fi fair. Dune is a masterpiece in the art of litarature just like any other more  traditional classic such as The Great Gatsby. Dune is a reflection of the  human condition and the implications thereof. Herbert explores the  structure of society, religion, messiahs and god figures, honour, violence  and so forth. Dune should be required reading in English classes, just as  The Scarlett Letter is. A masterpiece, nuff said.
B00003CX8U|5.0|All That Jazz is a 70's version of the film classic &quot;The Red Shoes&quot; in which Joe Gideon has to choose show biz over life itself.  The Red Shoes cast Victoria to her death; show biz decides Joe's fate.  Symbolism in this film includes the Lady in White, who is Death, whom Joe  confides in and flirts with.  The clearer she becomes, the closer Joe is to  choosing death.  When she touches Joe, his life is over.  I watch this film  several times a year and recommend it as one of the best films ever!
B000002BSG|5.0|I am not usually the type to like this kind of music, but something about this album struck me. Whether it's the catchy tunes or the awesome lyrics, I don't know, but one thing's for sure: YOU'VE GOT TO BUY THIS CD!  My  favorite tracks are Virtual Insanity, Cosmic Girl, Use the Force, High  Times, Traveling Without Moving and the bonus track, Do You Know Where  You're Coming From. Oh, and by the way, some of you people who do these  reviews  REALLY need to learn how to spell. I'm only 12, and I'm better at  spelling than most of you.
B00000IQMT|3.0|This is a pretty good CD, but it isn't nearly as good as the other Star Wars music or as John William's other work.<br />Still, I think it was worth 4 stars.  There were a couple of very good songs, such as the Droid Invasion  and Duel of the Fates and the Swim to Otoh Gunga, but most of the rest of  the songs are just too plain to be brilliant.  Sure, some of them are a  little catchy but not spectacular.<br />However, it was kind of cool to listen  to Anakin's theme and be able to recognize it as a prelude to Vader's  theme, and to hear the Emperor's theme again.<br />The reason I only gave this  three stars though, is that the songs weren't in the order they were in the  movie, and there were quite a few bits of music missing.
078322740X|5.0|Steven Martin + Goldie Hawn = Perfect Comedy !<br />Both combines the wits and laughs that makes this one of the best comedies i have ever seen. It literally knocks me off my chair.<br />Just get it. Period.
B000002UA0|5.0|Pink Floyd's first album is a wonderful showcase for Syd Barret's manic/depressive virtuosity.  The album exhibits a much different character than other floyd albums due to Barret's ability for wacky genius.  The  weakest track on the album is the only non-Barret composition, Waters's  &quot;Take up thy stethoscope and walk&quot; a song lacking the depth and  inventiveness of the other tracks.<br />If Barret hadn't been transported into  another dimension via LSD overload, Pink Floyd would have been a much  different beast. Though not as technically adept nor melodic as David  Gilmour, Barret's raw and intense playing drives the tracks thru a myriad  of emotions and textures.  <br />One interesting fact about this album is that  it was recorded at the same time as Sgt Pepper in adjacent studios.  Maybe  a creative and wonderful surge of energy was present in the air to catalyze  the creation of two revolutionary landmark albums.
0788812408|5.0|Here is the 2nd edition of Disney's most popular movie ever to come out at the very end of the 20th century. Here you will be swimming into the most wondrous underwater fantasy where a spoiled young mermaid princess breaks  all the rules to go exploring the endless curiosities of human life. Thus  she encounters and becomes quite infatuated with the dashing young prince,  so she would stop at nothing to be near him even at the great risk of her  father's eye-flashing wrath and even her own life itself. So pouting, she  runs away to exchange her pretty voice for the painfully drastic  transformation into a two-legged human being by a very greedy sea hag. Even  when she gets her impulsive wish granted by being adopted into the prince's  family, she still doesn't do her &quot;homework&quot; just as the wicked  old witch commanded her to. Instead, she would gaze dreamily at the prince  who seems to be forever at a distance. So ... it's her little sea buddies  to the rescue! Though our sweet young Ariel heroine may seem like such a  self-centered airhead at times, she's got plenty of such beauty and  charisma to whisk her all the way to a happy, happy ending! One thing,  however - the unlikely couple could've learned some sign language in the  first place.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|More polished and rounded than their debut release, the music on this album has a spacy, airy feel.  Whereas the first album contained sounds that were more raw, this one is softer and more mellow, although no less  infectious (#s 4 &amp; 6 can be classified as dance tracks--6 has an 80s  air to it).  The debut album can be likened to band music dominated by  guitars and drums, while Affirmation is more synth-pop.<br />At first, I  thought Darren hadn't challenged himself with the vocal range he could've  achieved,  since, the first time you hear it, the songs sound similar.  His  voice is capable of timbres high and low, so I had been expecting a  spectrum of styles.  I was disappointed...until I realized the man had also  done all the background vocals, a feat few artists accomplish  now-a-days.<br />Darren's voice, unlike that of so many of today's bubblegum  pop singers, always carries the music, never vice versa.  Though he does a  wonderful job of harmonizing in the background, his lead vocal is always  clear, soaring, and infused with emotion; his music doesn't feel cluttered,  as do the songs of some recent artists who try to hide their inadequacies  with sythnesized noise.<br />You have to allow a few sittings for the melodies  to sink in and to be able to fully appreciate his truly talented voice.
0767830555|5.0|I feel very sorry for all the people like Leonard Maltin that can look at a film like Taxi Driver and not understand it.  These people say things like &quot;an ugly, gory decent into violence&quot;.  And they're right.   But they can't seem to see the difference between this movie's violence and  the violence you normally find in movies.<br />      The film is violent, but  it is not about violence.  It's about loneliness (&quot;You talkin' to me?  I'm the only one here&quot;).  Some people can say that Travis is a sick  man (i.e. Leonard Maltin)or a psycopath (i.e. jcack)(which is completely  inaccuate) and look away from the film.  These people I feel sorry for  because they don't dare to let the movie inhabit them and that's what it's  supposed to do.  What makes it one of the best films ever made is the fact  that it never leaves Travis.  It makes you relate to him.  Every single one  of us has looked in the mirror and said similar things.  And we've all had  some thoughts along the same lines as him (feel like a pimp that has a  twelve year old girl hooking for him should be shot).  We don't all act on  them,  and that's what makes this such a powerful film.  It has us go along  with Travis and we care for him (we start to say &quot;oh no, don't take  Betsy to the porno theater!&quot;).  We feel the rejection when he is  dumped.  We feel the fear disguised as hate and it makes us uncomfortable.   And it should.  It takes our thoughts to the next level as he purchases  guns and we wonder, but we still relate to him.  And then at the end there  is a violent, graphic shootout that is brilliant because by that point we  are Travis.  It scares us to know what we are all capable of.  Most people  won't admit it and that's why the film is so brave.<br />   As for the ending  (many people think it's hard to believe Travis wouldn't be in jail), who's  to say it happened or not.  It could be a dream or a halucination after he  has died, or it could be real.  It doesn't matter.  That ending is very  important.  It is of great significance that we see Travis at ease and then  reconciling with Betsy before he looks up and is frightened by his own  reflection.<br />   As for the people who don't appreciate this film, I  strongly suggest that you watch it again with an open mind.  After all,  you've only got one brain, it would be ashame to waste it.
0764005685|5.0|Presented in a wonderful remastered edition with interesting extras, this Dario Argento film wonders the genre of horror, bluring the edges between suspence, graphic horror and metaphysical terror.  The film's rich script  provides us with an interesting and lovely young lady played by Jennifer  Connelly who can communicate on a psionic level with insects.  The girl  gets drawn in to a study in terror when a killer begins to murder those  around her.  The late Donald Pleasence (Halloween) has a supporting role  which is worthy of his talents.Graphic and bloody but also literate and  strangely fantasy like, Phenomena, as presented in this wonderful video  edition, is the perfect &quot;watch it with the lights out&quot; horror  film.  If you saw it in its cut form as &quot;Creepers&quot;, you really  have not seen this fine example of Italian horror.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I thought this was a great CD because it had a mix of a lot of cultures. For example it had rock, R&amp;B, and rap with a little spanish flavor. I recommend you buy it.
0192838679|5.0|When I first started to read this book i did'nt really know what to expect. Then i started to read it and it pulled me into to it's multi plot and clever characters.  I must say it has a perfect end. (Very Shocking!) I  won't give the end away  and it was a little difficult for me to understand   but over all it was a great book.
B00000ICD9|5.0|Robin Williams has proven himself to be not only a great comic, but one of the finest actors in Hollywood. This is one of his finest efforts. Williams plays a doctor who is fatally injured in an accident when he stops to help  another victim. He had already lost his two children in a car wreck four  years previously, and the stress is too much for his widow to bear. She  commits suicide, but since she ended her own life, she is sent to Hell.  Chris (Williams) is determined to go there to find her and bring her to  Heaven. Does he succeed? Watch the movie to find out.   The colors on the  DVD are exceptionally vivid and clean. Picture quality is superb, and the  Dolby Digital surround sound is very effective. All in all, a fine disc to  show off your DVD player and surround sound system. But keep some kleenex  handy; this one even made this grown man cry!
B00000K2SC|5.0|After watching countless movies in my life, I've really come to a point that I believe we all know what to expect in each movie even before it's shot. The same storylines, same structure over and over again. So, in the  quest to find that novelty, the original movie, the original story,  something that hasn't been done over and over and over, I was kind of  honoured to be offered this movie to watch. It is surely a 5-star winner.  Get it, or miss the opportunity to relive the definition of entertainment.
0440234743|1.0|I love to read, but yet I was extremely unsatisfied with this book. It was the worst book I ever read. It was quite boring, no action worth reading, and based on money. If you really like legal stuff and money based books  then this book is for you. But if you are in for a good read, thrill, and  action, don't buy and waste your money.
0694013889|5.0|We bought this as a birthday gift for our Goddaughter.  She had not previously shown any interest in the potty.  After getting the book and the video- make sure you get the video too!- she was trained to perfection in  three weeks!  It really inspired her.
0694003611|5.0|I purchased this book when my daughter was not quite 3 years old.  It has been a nightly ritual that this book gets read to her.  She has even read it to me several times and I love it.  <br />I have a very special man in my life who lives 800 miles away and I read it to him also.  I have put him  &quot;nite-nite&quot; several times.  He says it's the rhythm I use while  reading it.  <br />It is definitely a very soothing and relaxing book to read  and listen to.  Though, it may not make sense to some people who read to  their children, I disagree and must say that this is the BEST BOOK on the  market for babies and toddlers and well, children of all ages.  <br />I just  recently found out that my sister is expecting her first child and you can  bet I'll be giving this to her as a gift.
B00000IOSU|5.0|She has one of the most beautiful voices and it goes along with the beautiful melodies.  Her songs can bring tears to your eyes, that is how far into the soul it reaches.  &quot;Angel&quot; &quot;I Will Remember  You&quot; &quot;Adia&quot; are my personal favorite tracks.  I was very  pleased with this cd and it is a great album for my collection.  Get this!
6305603847|5.0|It looks really good has many nice features inside...<br />Must see it for yourself...
B000001Y9I|3.0|I waited awhile to buy this (and until I could find it cheap) because I was leary of a Purple album without Blackmore.  Actually, after &quot;The Battle Rages On&quot; I was leary of any Purple album.<br />For better and  worse, this does not really sound like a Deep Purple album at all.  Better  because its a definite improvement in over-all quality from &quot;The  Battle Rages On&quot;, but worse because its not Deep Purple.  Blackmore's  absence is more glaring here than on &quot;Come Taste The Band&quot; which  at least bore some resemblance to the Mark III records that preceded  it.<br />Steve Morse is clearly a good player, but without Blackmore's  distinctive playing and writing this sounds more like one of Ian Gillan's  solo albums than anything else.  Most of these songs sound like things  Blackmore would not have wanted on a Purple album (e.g., &quot;Mitzi  Dupree&quot;) which makes this a real mixed bag.  Some is good, some is not  so good, but none of it sounds like Deep Purple and none of it is terribly  exciting.  Don't buy the hype that this is reminiscent of  &quot;Fireball&quot; cause it's not.<br />Kind of ironic that they sued Rod  Evans in the early 80's to keep him from making money off the name  &quot;Deep Purple&quot; when the other members have continually pushed out  product undeserving of the name themselves.
B00002E233|3.0|When I bought my ticket to see Deep Blue Sea I wasnt expecting anything to change my life but a good romp for 2 hours about sharks eating people and that is exactly what I got. Throw away any high epectaions of this film and  you shall enjoy it. Ignore the plot,script and acting instead conentrate on  the sheer scale and outrageousness of the film.
0312853238|5.0|When it comes to novels, I'm a big fan of science fiction.  I'm an avid reader, and this is definitely one of the best books I have ever read.  I've read it twice so far, and will probably read it again when I finish reading the parallel novel &quot;Ender's Shadow.&quot;  Superior  storytelling.
B00000163G|5.0|2pac shows us his best in this two cd set, great songs include: All About U, California Love, How Do U Want It, All Eyez On Me, Can't C Me, and more... R.I.P. my brother. THUG LIFE.
B000002MK8|5.0|This album brings together some old and new favourites from Rods back catalouge.  Personal favourites are 'Reason to Believe' 'First Cut'  and 'Hot legs', but they come out only very slightly ahead of what is an album  filled with excellent songs, sung with an intimacey which makes you feel  that you are a member of the live audience that are there with him.  At the  end he thanks the audience saying what fun he has had.  He has, and it more  than comes across in this brilliant unplugged album
B00000583F|5.0|THESE GUYS PICK UP RIGHT WHERE SABBOTH LEFT OFF WHEN OZZY STILL SANG WITH THEM,ONLY BETTER! IF YOU LIKE THE GOOD'OL SLOWER CRUNCHIN RIFFS THEN I HIGHLY RECCOMEND THIS CD AND THE OTHER TWO THAT THEY'VE PUT OUT CALLED  &quot;VOLUME ONE&quot;(THEIR FIRST),AND THEIR NEWEST RELEASE  &quot;JERUSALEM&quot;.
0345423496|5.0|If you were of those persons who just WANTED AND NEEDED to know what the monolith is...this is the book !
B000021XS0|5.0|Dream Theater does it again with their latest release, &quot;Scenes from a memory&quot;.  The album is not just a collection of standard radio-play singles, but a true &quot;musical experience&quot;.  It truly hails back to  the day when listening to an album required paying attention to it as well.   The band makes you focus on the music, and on the story that unfolds  throughout the album.  Its an excellent cd and a worthwhile investment.
0345347951|5.0|This is simply a MUST read for humankind.  Great, the best, incredible
B000002IFP|4.0|The raw talent of Simply Red doesn't escape this album.  If you enjoy Simply, you'll enjoy this one too.
B000002TQV|5.0|I bought this album about a year ago but even with the new additions to my CD collection I still listen to it the most.<br />This album will simply blow your mind. It's  a million times better than OK Computer and 2 million  times better than Pablo Honey. Even if you didn't like these albums you  will love The Bends. <br />In my opinion the best song on it is Fake Plastic  Trees. I have no idea what it is about but it has this easy, soft feeling  in it. I also love the wonderfully nihilistic Street Spirit (rows of houses  bearing down on me... ummm).<br />This is not all. Black Star, Bones, Nice  Dream and Bullet Proof are excellent. Probably my least favourite song is  Planet Telex but I still listen to it the whole time which will tell you  the quality of the album.<br />The bottom line is BUY THIS ALBUM. Its  brilliant and you will come back here afterwards and write your own review  like I did.<br />   ...morpheus<br />BTW Check out William Orbit-Pieces In a  Modern Style
B00000J2KX|1.0|If you like seeing a director's original vision, do not buy this.   it is in a 1.33:1 (Traditional Television) aspect ratio.   when i had a normal TV i always wanted letterbox (wide aspect) ratio so i could see the entire  image the director wanted shown.  i recently bought a philips plasma screen  monitor so i could better view films in their original aspect ratio.  i  made the mistake of buying this dvd thinking that all dvd's give the  original image the director wanted.   i will not make that mistake again.   <br />also, it seems they used a very poor copy of the film to do the transfer  to dvd.   you can see specks of dirt and spots.   <br />i loved this film in  the theater.   it is disappointing on dvd.
B000007NYS|5.0|Buy this CD!  Look..  I like Wilco.  I like Uncle Tupelo. This, however, is the REAL &quot;alt.country&quot; you've been looking for.   The songs are catchy. The lyrics are amazing.  You'll find yourself closing your eyes  to imagine a beautiful blue Sunday sky.  You'll feel the warmth of the sun  wrapping you in its embrace.   You'll want to hop in that convertible and  head off into the country to laugh and play.<br />This is the real thing..
B0000203YT|4.0|I was thouroughly entertained by this film from beginning to end.  The major actors turn in fine performances (Judi Dench's Elizabeth is a small but sparkling gem) and the wry but reverent look at Shakespeare's Romeo and  Juliet-- cleverly entwined with the love story of the film-- reminded me  all over again of how wonderful Shakespeare's writing truly was and is.   Definitely an intelligent, poignant, humorous and well-cast film. Worth  owning!
6305537313|5.0|Everybody should watch this great film, but from this DVD format. Even if you already have the widescreen VHS version of &quot;Breakfast,&quot; I definitely recommend to buy this DVD. Colors are richer and more sharply defined, and the sound is digitally remastered for surround. The whole experience is more satisfying than watching it on VHS. During the close-up shots of the actors and the &quot;deep focus&quot; shots one can perceive the real difference in video definition. Since the sound is re-channeled to a 5.1 surround, one can experience an enhanced dialogue and soundtrack. What else can it be said about this great movie? Please indulge me with the following: All the actors in this movie are exceptional in their roles. Patricia Neal and especially Martin Balsam are hilarious. Although Audrey Hepburn shaped the movie and made it into such a success, a lot of credit should also be given to George Peppard. His restrained and reflective portrayal was the perfect foil to Audrey's display of insecurities, joy, and hope. Yes, in the end, the strength of this unique romantic comedy comes from Audrey Hepburn's casting against type and her wide-range acting abilities. Her nuanced, bittersweet acting made the already good story even better. If a typical Hollywood &quot;bombshell&quot; had been casted as a call-girl, it would have turned out to be just another run of the mill movie. I just wish there were an added audio commentary track by director Blake Edwards with some other person/s who contributed to this film.
0385484518|5.0|The Scenerio:  Two years ago, my kids were visiting from Germany and wanted to buy some English books to take back.  As a journalist/author, I have rooms of books, so I was hanging out in the front of the store near  the bin of &quot;Bargain Books,&quot; and Morrie called out to me from the  bin, &quot;read me.&quot;<br />So, standing at the side of the bin, I read the  book from cover to cover, learning about dying with dignity, the value of  listening to wise people, discovering the meaning of life through the eyes  of one old man and one young man, seeing love develop out of friendship,  and feeling friendship for both the old man and the young man.  Most of  all, it brought me back to my seven years of visits with my dying father  and planted a seed for an upcoming book of my own, &quot;Ain't Nothing  Going to Kill the Old Man.&quot;
0451191153|5.0|Many of those who read the Fountainhead have tried to classify it -- the shallow saw it as a book about architecture, the cynical, a book about extremism, and the more respectful and intelligent majority saw it as a  book about identity and not falling to the will of the consensus.  But I  think this last statement is as trivializing the work as the formal two.   Many lost, seeking individuals these days try to &quot;find oneself&quot;,  and seek identity for its sake.  There is nothign noble or great about  this.  What makes this work then so noble and heroic is the unbreaking  integrity of the main character, Howard Roark.  Roark was not so lost or so  unsure of himself.  He had no identity to find.  Instead, throughout this  700 page work, all he tries to do is bring out the thing in himself to the  world without making it impure by inteference or unwelcome influences.  The  idea seems to simple, but Ayn Rand writes in such a way as to move you  through Roark's single-minded integrity.  In the end, one gets the feeling  that this &quot;integrity&quot; for one's work was not unreasonable  obsession, or stupid extremism, seeking identity, or just about building  pretty buildings.  It was integrity.  <br />In short, what the author says is  this: In our lives we are forced to make so many compromises which conflict  with out basic beliefs.  But in soem things there shoudl be no compromises  at all, no matter what society will say or do, because in the end your  integrity is more important then the judgement of strangers.  <br />Read this  work.  It will stir you like no other..
B00000JGOH|5.0|My bloody minded streak led me to really want to hate this flick about Shakespeare finding more than just a muse in Gwyneth Paltrow but, alas, it's charm, wit, style and intelligence bowled me over pretty quickly.  Fiennes is particularly good as the struggling dramatist disillusioned with  the life London has to offer him and I liked Paltrow as the down-to-earth  aristocrat with whom he falls  very much in love. Beautifully and  characteristically set in the really rather vile London of the sixteenth  century this cleverly combines fictitious factors with true ones...very  well done, entertaining comedy which certainly deserved the recognition and  awards that it got.  And unlike in Sliding Doors, Paltrow does a very good  English accent. Bravo!
B0000214F0|4.0|Okay, well...I would probably say this is one of the oddest movies ever made. It isn't an artistic masterpiece like some people claim it to be, and it probably doesn't do a whole lot for historical accuracy either, but it  -is- entertaining, just in how extremely twisted and fascinating it really  is. It takes a stylistic note from Fellini's later work such as  &quot;Roma&quot; and &quot;Satyricon&quot; and then just sort of goes  crazy, filling the screen with mutants, bizarre scenes of extremely graphic  violence and extremely graphic pornography. And the fact that it stars  Malcolm McDowell, Helen Mirren, Peter O'Toole and John Gielgud, all  brilliant actors, makes it all the most fascinating. And, in fact, they are  all very good in this movie, in an over the top way. But really...in a  movie like this how could you possibly, even for a second, think to play it  seriously. It's makers (Guccionne, Tinto Brass) seem to take it quite  seriously. But really...
B000003TA4|5.0|I have a friend named Matteo.  Matteo is a big Nirvana fan.  He kept tellin me how great they were.  Not hearing any of their music I didn't care much for them.  One day I decided to listen to this album.  Five  minuets later I was in a shop buying it.  This is really the best Album I  have ever heard in my life.  I also have In Utero and Incesticide which are  also really great.  My attitude is now never doubt a persons praises until  you have also listened to the music.
6303481272|5.0|This by FAR one of the BEST animes I've ever seen. Truly breathtaking animation and character developement. The action scenes are unforgettable and with an elaborate plot. If you haven't seen it, buy it! If you have  seen already, why not by it again? It's absolutely worth it! I recommend  averyone who reads this to buy this anime. You will NOT be dissapointed.
B000005IRG|5.0|When I first listened to this album, I was astounded.  How could I have missed it up till now? I thought I've heard it all and nothing in popular music could truly surprise me anymore.  Well, I was wrong.  This album has  opened up a whole new world of truly original, powerful music.  I've heard  of Television previously, but was turned of by their association with punk,  which is silly. Although this album feels like a tightly wound up spring,  all full of tension and pent up frustration like many punk albums, it is  more powerful,  affecting, and simply mindblowing than any punk album I've  ever heard.  It's dark sonic scapes are filled with longing and a certain  despair, and arouse all kinds of unexplaineable emotions in the listener.  Of course, it's the guitars that most affect the uniqueness of the sound,  but Tom Verlaine's lyrics are just a pleasure to listen to also, and are  full of all kinds of double and triple meanings and dark, weird jokes,  which are a riot.  His voice fits the songs perfectly and they would never  have the same impact without his unique delivery.  If you're looking for  something to wake you up from a creative slumber, or just want to be  assured that there is original popular music after all, get this album, and  all other Television albums you can find.  To use a cliche, it will change  your life.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is the best action movie I've ever seen, actually the best movie I've ever seen.  I've seen it 8 times, and will continue to see it! Its the coolest ever, with the actual fight scenes instead of short- 30 second  fights.... Super special effects, great sound-track, I suggest everyone  (even your granmother) see it.
B00000K19E|5.0|The &quot;Matrix&quot; dvd, is what a real dvd should be. Superb sharp picture, exceptional musical score, breathtaking special f/x, a handful of some of the better seen extras,not to mention the great plot. I suggest do  not miss this disc!
B000003JDA|5.0|Two aspects of this dark and important Tull album are striking:  The palpable eastern influences in rhythm, melody and lyric and the stunning improvement Ian Anderson's flute playing.  The flute (particularly the  bamboo flute) is more prominent on this album than in perhaps any previous  Tull album -- a remarkable statement when you think about it.  Mr. Anderson  has been, through the years, a capable and even strong flautist -- he has  done more than any other musician in the &quot;rock&quot; era to give this  instrument a foremost place in his work.  However, on this album his flute  work is extraordinary, well beyond anything he previously accomplished.   From the very introduction of the opening track this is readily  apparent.<br />The eastern influences, from the near east (Arabian), through  Indian sub-continent all the way to China in the Far East, are primarily  (but not solely) responsible for the somber, fatalistic tenor of this  album.  <br />This is an album of melancholy reflection on vexing and  persistent life issues.  If you are looking for something to liven up a  Friday night after a few beers, this is most definitely not what you are  looking for.  If you want something that &quot;Rocks!&quot; go elsewhere.   While there are up-tempo pieces contained here, especially early in the  album, none of them can even remotely be considered a &quot;rock  song.&quot;  The risqué, and often even raunchy, Tull humor (as in Catfish  Rising) is nowhere evident.  To be sure, there is plenty of wit in the  lyrics but it tends more toward the cynical or fatalist  viewpoint.<br />Religion, a recurrent theme in Tull music, plays a larger role  here than in any album since Aqualung.  But in this album the treatment is  more thoughtful and far less bombastic.  Youthful, intemperate certainty of  opinion has yielded to a more cautious and careful examination of the  influence and impact of religious thought on human actions.  The title  track is a dichotomy of gentle praise and equally gentle rebuke:   &quot;True disciples carrying that message to color just a little with  their personal touch.&quot;  The eastern influences in the music also  provide a useful launching-point to treat us, lyrically, to more familiar,  prickly barbs and witticisms about sectarian differences.  There are  carefully measured criticisms of intolerance and violence in  &quot;Dangerous Veils&quot; and &quot;Rare and Precious Chain&quot; as well  as a more overt condemnation of the conflict in Palestine/Israel  (&quot;Valley&quot;).     Overtly eastern-influenced rhythms and melodies  dominate two standout up-tempo tracks early in the album, &quot;Rare and  Precious Chain&quot; and &quot;This Free Will&quot;.  The first is the most  pronounced example of Arabian influence, while the second is much more  difficult to classify precisely -- seemingly touched by both Arabian and  Indian influences.  &quot;This Free Will&quot;, because of its beat and  powerful bass-line, is sometimes erroneously referred to as a  &quot;rocker&quot;.  Both tracks are stunning, with barely hinted at  religious overtones, demonstrating the incredible versatility of songwriter  and band.<br />&quot;Out of the Noise&quot; is the most unusual offering on  the album.  It boasts an extremely fast tempo, with the music charging  forward to mimic peak-hour traffic in a major Chinese city (Hong Kong?).   The song appears to be a combination of jazz and rock, with a story-line  revolving around the frantic life of an experienced and apparently  successful dog-of-the-streets.  For a little added encouragement in his  nocturnal races through the streets between cabs and rickshaws our  hero-mutt has the rather unsavory Chinese practice of eating anything that  moves (or moves too slowly, in this case).  This unorthodox song is one  that takes some getting used to -- the frantic pace and jazz-like lyrical  presentation do not immediately attract the ear.  But the patient listener  is infor a treat.  Once the music is learned and becomes familiar this odd  offering may well evolve into a favorite.<br />While the eastern sound is  muted (but by no means gone) in the final four songs on this album, the  melancholy tone is, if anything, enhanced.  All four are true standout  tracks, and together comprise one of the truly great accomplishments in the  band's long history. All four are generally down-tempo, although the first,  &quot;Wounded, Old and Treacherous&quot;, has a brisk ending section that  must rank as one of Tull's finest and tightest instrumental passages.   &quot;At Last, Forever&quot;, a song about dying (I told you this was no  Friday night party album), has significant stretches where it ranks with  &quot;Requiem&quot; as having the slowest tempo in the entire Tull  repertoire.  Like that mid-70's work, the sheer beauty of the music is  transcendent.  But in all honesty, it is difficult to get around the  lyrical subject matter.  As beautiful as it is, the tempo and lyrics  combine to have a depressing effect.  It isn't a song that will entice you  to regular hearings.  <br />The most positive song in the set, the equally  beautiful \\"Stuck in the August Rain\\", breaks the mood.  Not that the gloomy  shades have receded entirely, but they are relegated, lyrically, to the  mind of the protagonist in this love song.  The happy, liquid dripping of  the keyboard, carrying the main melody with that astounding flute, is the  perfect counterpoint to the stormy guitars, musically setting the stage for  this story of how our depressed Mr. Anderson is gently lifted from his  (somewhat irrational) gloom by the perfect woman.  <br />It's still raining in  &quot;Another Harry's Bar&quot;, a song that appears to be lifted in whole  cloth from the jazzy-blues middle bridge of &quot;Rocks on the Road&quot;.   This time we're treated to the cold, dark English rain (indeed, &quot;the  mother of all rains&quot;) in this deeply melancholy and almost surrealreflection of life passed-by.  There are no hints of the hot, parched  eastern melodies, lyrics or rhythms that dominated the early part of this  album.  Nevertheless, it is perfectly fitting conclusion to this somber yet  powerful album.  It is an album destined to hold an important place in the  Tull canon.
B000002SE0|4.0|Of, course, most opera fans buy this opera with a keen eye on who's doing the title part. There are many proponents of the version featuring &quot;la stupenda&quot; Joan Sutherland as the Icy Princess. However, if you really  want to feel what it would be like to have a powerful enough Turandot  before you on stage, make no mistake. Birgit Nilsson would have sounded  just as awsome and powerful live as she does here on record. Joan  Sutherland, for all her merits in the bel canto repertory, would sound weak  and aenemic by comparison. Really, Turandot is a job for powerful dramatic  sopranos, and, by common consent, Nilsson was number one in that category.
0380973464|5.0|Here's Neal Stephenson's dirty little secret...for better or worse, he's NOT a science fiction writer. What he is is a damned good writer who knows technology and makes it an integral part of everything he writes. <br />I just  finished reading Cryptonomicon for the second time (a massive undertaking)  and enjoyed it even more than the first time. I loved it first time  through, but I was rewarded on the second pass with even more cross-overs  between past and present I hadn't noticed before.<br />Being a techno-geek  myself, I appreciate main character Randy Waterhouse's worldview and the  author's inclusion of some computer program source code in the text. The  programming is not  intrusive, though, and could easily be skimmed without  much loss for those who are not so tech-savvy.<br />Stephenson continues to  prove himself a versatile, genre and style hopping writer. Zodiac, Snow  Crash, The Diamond Age, and Cryptonomicon each are very different, but they  are unified by Stephenson's skills of observation and character  development.<br />Read 'em all!
B000000QG8|5.0|Rory is among the great unspoken and unknown guitar heroes of the 70's.  Such a shame for the music business.  If you like amazing guitar playing, soulfull writing and having a good time with music just listen to A million  miles away. Sure you gonna buy it.  Just one of the finnest blues rock CDs  you gonna find.
B00000JZIK|5.0|Sometimes a movie really surprises you, really blows you away for some reason. I saw &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot; not really expecting anything interesting. Well, I was wrong. Instead I got to see a terrifically  exciting movie featuring outstanding acting and a plot twist that actually  caught me by surprise.<br />The plot? Following a bloody shoot-out aboard a  ship moored at a Santa Monica pier, the police question a hood by the name  of Verbal Kint in an attempt to learn about what happened. We see several  different possibilities and the final answer we get is a real surprise.  <br />Typically movies rely upon special effects, left-field plot twists, and  brand-name casting to get the job done. &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot;  relies on an excellent script, good direction and wonderful acting from  people who might not necessarily be household names. Look at this cast-  Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Pollack, Benicio Del Toro, Gabriel Byrne, Kevin  Spacey, Chazz Palminteri, Dan Hedaya, and Pete Postlethwaite. This is some  serious acting talent to behold. They all are great, but in particular  Gabriel Byrne (Dean Keaton) and Kevin Spacey (Verbal Kint) deliver  exceptional performances. Neither man is quite who they seem to be. Spacey  won a well-deserved Oscar for his performance in this film.<br />Director  Brian Singer does a brilliant job coaxing terrific acting performances from  his cast. This was a tought movie to make and he pulled it off in  spades.<br />Go see &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot; and find out why it is one  of my favorite films.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This cd is great.  Every single song on it, is worth listening to a thousand times over and over.  The songs also vary a litte.  Some are the usual punk, but then you have Adam's Song which shows another side of the  band. If you are a Blink fan and don't own this cd-what are you  thinking.....grab it before everyone else realizes how tight this album is  and clears it off the shelf.
0684872153|5.0|I was so moved by this book. I heard of it from so many of my friends that I reluctantly decided to read it, I didn't think a sad depressing story would be a good read. How wrong I was! I could not put this book down and  rushed to by 'Tis the minute I finished this one! So far, more of the same  which is what I craved! The best thing about this book to me is that it may  be just the thing I needed to finally quit wasting money!  I am so much  more thankful for all that I have and all that I am able to provide my  children, thanks to seeing how life could be...there but for the grace of  God go I. Thank you Frank, your story is amazing! You are a great writer!
0446310786|5.0|I first read this book in high school in the '60s. I paid $.60 for it - best money I ever spent! I &quot;learned&quot; a lot about being a kid and a parent from this book. <br />All the characters seem &quot;true&quot; to me.  They &quot;melt&quot; in the heat and are fascinated by snow. They get lost  in the dark and have fights in the schoolyard. They have interesting  neighbors.<br />One of my top ten!
038533348X|5.0|or did this book come first? Well, this was funny like DS(or HIL to SC &amp; LTB) and proves it by the end. If Bokononism is actually a religion I'd sign up. I wasn't sure how I'd rate the book until the last paragraph  and it was so great I knew the book would be remembered as a great in my  mind. The short chapter format is sort of impersonal but not detrimental.  It's look on humans is original and witty.
B000002BFL|4.0|This album will rip your heart out. Like &quot;Nebraska&quot; it is deep and thoughtful, perhaps not as &quot;dark.&quot; It reminds me so much of Dylan at his best - listen to the harmonica.<br />Much of it is  &quot;derivative;&quot; the melodies go back to earlier stuff.<br />I would,  however, like to take this opportunity to say thanks to his backup - Max,  Nils, Stevie and the rest of E-Street.
0684867621|5.0|Whatever I might think of the storyline,(which was awesome) I always fall in love with Mr. King's characters. This little girl becomes so real, I expected to see her playing with my kids in the back yard.<br />I remember  growing up on a farm, surrounded by acres upon acres of woods. I would  often go into the woods by myself, and pretend that I was being hunted by a  T-Rex, or a monster of some kind. This book gave me such a feeling of  deja-vu, it took me a couple of days to shake it off.<br />Want to be a kid  again? Read this book.
B000003RCY|5.0|Herzleid is one of the best CD purchases I have ever made in my life!  <br />Some of the best songs on this CD are about showing the darker sides of humanity.  Examples are 'Heirate Mich' (Marry Me) about a necrophilliac, 'Du Riechst So Gut' (You Smell So Good) about animal lust, 'Weisses Fleish'  (White Flesh) about a child killer, and for fun 'Laichzeit' (Spawntime).   <br />'Das Alte Leid'(The Old Pain) and 'Asche zu Asche'(Ashes to Ashes) are  also good, hard tracks, and I enjoy annoying my Fundie neighbors with them.   <br />I have had this CD for seven months, and I still play it like I bought  it yesterday. If you're still ancy about the german, there are lots of  websites if you're curious to what they're playing about.
0385484518|5.0|I found this book to be totally enlightening. Generally, I refuse to read anything about death, and it took considerable effort on the part of my wife to get me to pick up this book. She assured me it wasn't about death,  quite the opposite, it is about living. She was right and I strongly  recommend it to everyone who wants to think and be touched in a very  positive way.
0784011176|3.0|You are fascinated by the storyline and cinematography. The film never gets boring. But it seems to have  been rated too highly by some and too low by others. Sometimes you get a feeling you are watching a  cross  between 19th century porno and a morality play, but never real life. It's  one of those pictures you  wouldn't watch twice. But sex,violence and  mystery sell. Thought the brief violence was a turnoff.
630522577X|5.0|At the risk of sounding unoriginal: I LOVE this movie. When I was a little kid, we had this movie on a video tape, and I must have seen it so many times, I have lost count. It was such a pleasure to see it again and in  wide screen format (the original version vs. the tv formated video  version). The quality of the video is simply astounding. I have no clue why  the widescreen review gave the sound quality only 3.5, it lacks nothing.  This is not your action/loud movie, maybe they were comparing it to top  gun...<br />This DVD also has a wonderfull special features section. They have  included two songs as performed by Audry and not by Julia Andrews. Ok,  Audry does not have the strongest voice but it was nonetheless great to  hear her sing.<br />Simply put, this movie is by far the best wonderfull movie  your money can buy. Go get it.
B00000J7JO|5.0|this cd is really a good choice of musick.  the chili peppers have really gotta greeeat style and the lead has a sweet voice.  scar tissue was the reason i went for this cd but soon after i found that there were lotz of  other really neato songs also. definitaly worth dollars on this one.
B000002KIE|5.0|I remember hearing anarchy in the uk when i was 10 years old,asking my mother to buy me the album i recieved nothing more than a sore face, all because of the words SEX and BOLLOCKS.it would take another five years  before i finally got my hands on the album and it blew me away,listing to  it 13 years later and it still ROCKS better than any other punk album i,ve  heard.my favorite tracks are holidays in the sun,bodies,anarchy and  e.m.i.every rock music fan should own this album
B00000J7J4|5.0|I recently received this album as a christmas gift and decided it was time to spread the news on how great his music continues to be.  A very good friend of mime introduced me to Santana and I say thanks.  I am now about  to go out and buy it for her as she lives thousands of miles away and  deserves a copy of this entertaining album.  I think everyone should go out  and buy it.  He is certainly staying with the times.  Great, Super!
6301697707|5.0|So what if this movie has terrible acting in it? It's still a good and enjoyable movie to watch over and over and again.  Ron Underwood directed this movie well.  Fred Ward and Kevin Bacon will have you doubled-over in  laugter as the three giant man-eating subteranninan worms.  It's about to  the people to find a way what to do to destroy these creatures.  This movie  is fun and exciting to watch--ignor the poor acting.  Enjoy.
6305069611|1.0|It took me a week to watch 1/2 of this movie. I kept falling asleep. I thought it was going to be very cool with a sophisticated science fiction theme and David Bowie.  Perhaps I will watch the rest of the movie someday.
0790742942|4.0|What happens when you say his name three times? Michael Keaten stars in this comedy about two couples that live in an old two story house.  While coming back from a supply store, the couple suddenly get caught inside of a  &quot;broken-up&quot; bridge and then just before they start to tumble down  into the lake, a board catches them.  But just when they've got their hopes  up, and small dog steps on the board and the car starts to slide off the  bridge and into the lake waters.  A few minutes later...<br />They find  themselves back into their home, they find that somehow somehad light the  fireplace, as if done by magic.  From then on, they find a weird-looking  dead guy known as Bettlejuice.  The only way they can get him for help is  to call him by his name three times and he will appear at their survice.   But they soon wish that they have never called his name, because  Bettlejuice was once a troublemaker but he is the only one who can save  them, on the account that they said his name three times.  They can't leave  their houses or else they will find theirselves in another world with giant  sandworms.  This is a stellar comedy that you should see! Michael Keaton is  awesome as he plays the leading role of Bettlejuice.
0553573403|5.0|I first read Martin's A Game of Thrones when it was released in hardcover about 3 years ago. I felt compelled to add my opinion to the voices. Simply put, this novel is a Classic. It doesn't matter if you don't read fantasy,  you'll love this book. It's synonymous with reading any classic- just  because you don't read adventure novels, you'll still read Tom Sawyer or  Moby Dick. Read this novel, and read the sequel A Clash of Kings. That's  the bottom line...
6303014100|5.0|This movie instigated my interest in the Civil War. I have watched it several times and it just gets better. Its length isn't noticable if you pay attention to the movie from beginning to end as I did. The soundtrack  is the best I have ever heard and even the actors deserve praise,  especially Jeff Daniels as Chamberlain, Tom Berenger as Lee's &quot;Old  War-Horse&quot; Longstreet, and Richard Jordan who played an emotional and  heroic Lewis Armistead. Sheen tried a little to hard I think. I can't  imagine Lee with that kind of accent, but nevertheless, you come away from  the film with a better understanding of these generals.  This fim presents  the personal side of the war, which does need to be looked at when studying  the Civil War. This film accurately shows the closeness that existed  between Lee and Longstreet, who were friends to the very end, though  Longstreet has been blamed by some people. The most moving and heartfelt  part was when Armistead was with Longstreet the night before the great  charge. Armistead and Hancock were close friends and Armistead didn't hide  his feelings towards his old friend. I was sorry that other men were not  given a major part in the movie like A.P. Hill, Ewell, Early, Rodes,  Pender, Meade, Hunt, and Sickles. The main battles, Little Round Top and  &quot;Pickett's Charge&quot;, were very effectively shown, but very little  or none was shown on the battles of the wheat field, peach orchard, and  Culp's Hill. There are many mistakes, but this movie has had a profound  affect on me. Seeing the personal side of the war needs to be taught in our  schools as well, not just the facts and figures from the battles. I have  read many, many books on the Civil War since I first saw this film, and as  a result, I have a better understanding of the war. Movies are made for  entertainment, even though there are clear facts in the movie  &quot;Gettysburg&quot;, read historical, veritable accounts of the battle  and the war. On a final note, the third day assault on Cemetary Ridge was  called &quot;Pickett's Charge.&quot; This is not true! It was Longstreet' s  assault and there were three division commanders who took part in this  assault who need to be known. They were James Johnston Pettigrew, the brave  and intelligent North Carolinian who was wounded in the hand but returned  to safety only to be killed on the retreat out of Pennsylvania while acting  as the rear guard of the army, Isaac Trimble, a most trusted general who  was severly wounded in the assault and was taken prisoner, and George  Pickett, who wasn't even with his men during the assault! Watch the movie  and READ books on the battle!
6305750750|5.0|I am crazy about all things Star Wars, and even back in third grade when I din't like it there were rumors flying around about Episode One. When I went to see the movie I was the only one in my family who new what was  going on. I was extremely impressed by the graphics and artistic value of  this movie. I liked how it focused on the Jedi a lot more than the original  trilogy. Not to say this movie is better than the originals! I watch'em all  and read all the books and manga comics I can get my hands on. Episode One  is special to me because someday, when I'm like, 40 or something, I'll be  able to say &quot;I grew up when the Phantom Menace came out.&quot; I'll  admit that the commercialization of this movie was a bit much, but I still  think this is the greatest movie of the Twenty First century!
B000005Z0G|4.0|This CD is wicked and it is also funny in some places, it is good to turn up loud and listen to in your car.  It can't be described - it's just so good and I recommend it to anyone.  It also speaks out the truth for the  people in many places.
044100590X|5.0|It seems unreal that all the reviews for Dune (well, almost all) are so overwhelmingly positive. All I can say is &quot;Right on,&quot; this book changed my life and the way I look at science fiction. Repeat the Litany  Against Fear if you are ever nervous in real life, I swear it really helps.
630197767X|5.0|Heart-warming classic that nevertheless should not have beaten out Network for the Best Picture of '76.  Still, the original Rocky cannot be missed.  Stallone turns in an uncharacteristic marvelous performance, as does the  supporting cast.  It is unfortunate that such a wonderful film has been  sullied by so many lackluster sequels (especially Rockies IV and V).  The  original is a beautiful tale that is told in a simple, yet effective  fashion.  Whereas in the other films, the fight is the main part of the  story, in this one, Rocky the character is the central focus.  And, of  course, Burgess Meredith is perfect as Mickey, the tough but lovable boxing  manager.  This film is well-deserving of its AFI Top 100 ranking.
0451191153|5.0|This is the story of the struggle of an individual against the collective mindset that demands that all things be done for the good of society rather than the rewards and pleasure that the individual enjoys based on the  merits of his own work.  <br />The main character, Howard Roark, fights an  unending battle for the freedom to live and work according to the dictates  of his own conscience and integrity.  As the plot unfolds, questions are  asked that beg an answer from every thinking viewer. In American society  today, we are regimented, &quot;bell-curved&quot;, homogenized, and forced  to fit the demands and whims of those who consistently tell us &quot;egoism  is bad&quot;, &quot;selflessness is the only way to live&quot;, etc.<br />It  is refreshing to see this film's character state so eloquently that he  &quot;lives life for his own sake&quot; and that the existence of his ideas  are the sole domain of his own mind and not the property of others to take  as their own in the name of &quot;society's good.&quot;  <br />You can't come  away from this film not changed in one way or another.  Gary Cooper and  Patricia Neal play their parts to perfection.  This is a classic in every  sense of the word.  Don't take my word for it though, get it for yourself  and enjoy some true &quot;food for thought.&quot;
0671027344|5.0|This book was by far one of the best books I have ever read!  Charlie was one of the most believable characters I have ever read in a book. He wasn't concerned about being popular, he was worried about the real things that happen to people; his family, a love for his best friend that he can't  have, and going to the &quot;Rocky Horror Picture Show. I can relate to  Charlie and the things that happen to him, he seems more normal to me than  people in other books I have read. At times Charlie may seem a little too  sensative, but that is part of his charm. The last thing that really made  me enjoy this book was the way it delt with issues that all teens face;  drugs, alcohol, and sex; things that other books might skip over.  &quot;Perks&quot; had my attention fully from the first page to the last  sentance. I couldn't put it down.
B00001ZULV|3.0|I bought this CD because all the Genesis albums I own are all on vinyl and cassette, and I didn't feel like spending so much on replacing it all. The edited versions of &quot;Mama,&quot; &quot;Tonight, Tonight, Tonight,&quot;  and &quot;abacab&quot; actually represent the 45 rpm vinyl 7-inch single  versions and so have historical importance to the Genesis catalog.  Listening to &quot;Carpet Crawlers 1999&quot; is like listening to The  Police's 1986 remake of &quot;Don't Stand So Close To Me&quot;: It's okay,  but so what? The album Invisible Touch is overrepresented while 1976-77  albums are ignored entirely. The single edit of &quot;Your Own Special  Way&quot; would've been a preferred failed-hit-single to include than  &quot;Jesus He Knows Me,&quot; and it's inclusion also would've been as  democratic a move as it was to include &quot;Congo&quot; with Ray Wilson  singing. Every song on this CD was released as a single, but it's not every  pop single Genesis ever released. Peter Gabriel era has only one song here  because I believe Genesis didn't release many notable U.S. singles until  1973, and would you really want to hear an edited version of &quot;Cinema  Show?&quot; Turn It On Again - The Hits is 79 minutes of &quot;yeah,  whatever&quot; ... everyone will have a different reason to pick it up, and  true fans will have different reasons feeling guilty for having bought it,  also.
0671027344|5.0|This book was by far one of the best books I have ever read!  Charlie was one of the most believable characters I have ever read in a book. He wasn't concerned about being popular, he was worried about the real things that happen to people; his family, a love for his best friend that he can't  have, and going to the &quot;Rocky Horror Picture Show. I can relate to  Charlie and the things that happen to him, he seems more normal to me than  people in other books I have read. At times Charlie may seem a little too  sensative, but that is part of his charm. The last thing that really made  me enjoy this book was the way it delt with issues that all teens face;  drugs, alcohol, and sex; things that other books might skip over.  &quot;Perks&quot; had my attention fully from the first page to the last  sentance. I couldn't put it down.
6305313687|5.0|For months people had been bugging me to see this movie. It was truly worth it. I know some people don't like to admit to it but there are a good portion of younger kids today who feel this way, and I think this movie  does a fairly good job of tackling this issue. This movie should be shown  in every high school in America. One thought that crossed my mind during it  was something I said earlier, there are people who feel this way, and it's  scary. This movie won't change the world but it's a good eye-opener to some  people out there.
B000002LA2|2.0|Eric Clapton is one of the greatest musical artists of all time and has some great albums, but this isn't one of them.  If you like the Miami Vice 80's synthesizer stuff, this is the album for you.  Thankfully he was only  experimenting here.  I would strongly recommend Journeyman instead.  It's  his best album during the 80's, if not his best yet.
B00001NFCY|4.0|Creed turned out another fine CD after 'My Own Prison'.  No real surprises here, which means bashing the band for sounding like Stone Temple Jam in Chains is still trendy.  The only thing that really mars this album is the  gross oversinging on 'What If' and 'Say I'.  I find myself skipping over  these tracks pretty regularly.  They would have been fine songs if the  Celine Dion-ish emotions were turned down.  However, the last 5 tracks  really make this album a good one to own.  Of course 'Higher' is one of  them, but the tracks seem to flow well with one another and bring the CD to  a great close.  If you liked 'My Own Prison', you should like this CD.  It  does show up occasionally at used CD stores and is worth searching for at  those places.
6305311463|1.0|Why was this junkpile part of the Criterion Collection?  This has to be the worst film since &quot;Plan 9&quot;!  I expected mindless entertainment, I got mindless trash.. SFX - lame (boom, boom, boom) Story -  None Acting - Puleeese! Why would ANYONE like this clunker?  I like dumb  movies as much as anyone, but COME ON!
B000002KXV|5.0|This 1982 album remains my favorite of all time.  Besides being one of the best sounding recordings ever made, the perfomances are flawless.  The absolutely tasty layerings of musicians such as Larry Carlton (guitar on  &quot;The Goodbye Look&quot;) and Greg Phillinganes (piano solo on  &quot;Ruby Baby&quot;) make this an album you can listen to forever.  In  1982 the music had a retrospective feel to match the album's concept, using  the once-ubiquitous Hammond B3 at a time when synthesizers were all the  rage.  Nearly 20 years later it just seems timeless.
630420065X|1.0|The first 15 minutes of the film nod to the original series and promise a slick new version for the 90s. Then suddenly the film becomes dull, predictable and cliched, featuring all the ideas that had previously been  rejected as potential storylines for an MI film - ideas suggested by people who knew little about the series but thought the title sounded catchy. When the mission goes wrong and Ethan is speaking to Phelps...its so obvious what is happening and the film vanishes under a cloud of predictability.<br />After the excellent first quarter hour the film plods along  between its two dull stunt set-pieces. Even these are just the usualy  \\"by-the-book\\" standard fare from the Hollywood production line.  If you've seen one explosive/roller-coaster ride/hero triumphs over bad guy sequemce you've seem them all. When Ethan breaks into the CIA to steal the CNOC list - there's nothnig new there at all. Its a scene that has been used in other films and a great many commercials. The Channel Tunnel scene is utterly laughable - not once did it have me on the end my seat - it just had me at the end of my tether that the film deteriorated so progressively.<br />I have heard some people say that this is a complicated film - I can only say that its complicated if you come in durnig the end titles. This is simplistic drivel, not only easy to follow but easy to predict. If you can't see what's happening next then you are too young to be watching this film.<br />Overall, a lame, boring film which again demonstrates that Brian dePalma is an overrrated director. Even the one  outstanding scene I remember from one of his films was ripped-off from  another (Battleship Potemkin).<br />If you liked the TV series - AVOID the  film. If you like production line films with a couple of stupid stunt  scenes in them then this will suit you right down to the ground.
B000001IQH|4.0|I LOVE THIS ALBUM....BUY IT
B00003CXAY|5.0|A trip everyone should experience. Poetry in motion. Poetry for the senses. I would like it to be released on widescreen anamorphic and 5.1 sound and, of course, on DVD as soon as possible. Will someone ask (may I  say press?) the studio to produce it on DVD? I'll be trully thankful. And  let me add something more: don't forget its twin Powaqqatsi, another  delightful trip into man's nature. Same director, same musician, same  style, same image's pace, same poetry but even more focused on how people  live lives that most of us would hardly withstand. I highly recommend both  titles. And, again, I ask for them to be released on DVD. Please, please,  please.
0385484518|1.0|Read this book and you will learn from a 79 year old man lessons in life that most people learn by the age of 20. It's a complete sham! Mr. Schwartz was an eccentric socialist/liberal that didn't have the decency to step  back and pass on quietly, but had to continue to lecture us all to the very  end. If you want to read about a man who talks about people wiping his a$$,  coughing up green stuff, and attends his own funeral, be my guest. Psycho  babble and hypocrisy overflows.
1567184855|5.0|I, too, felt a 'familiarity' with the contents of this book!  I could not put it down.  I truely find this book to be a blessing.  About a month after reading it my mom passed away. I now KNOW that she is in a place of  peace and that her decision to leave was made a long time ago.  The  knowledge from this book gave me comfort that I would not have known  otherwise.  A must read!
B000002H2Z|4.0|Okay, sure this may be poppish, but The Cure have always wavered back and forth between Pop and Gloom.  To be honest, I think most people completely misread this band, either by hating them (criticizing that The Cure are all  make-up and posturing) or loving them (I'm thinking now of those wistful  days of my youth during the 1980s when girls would dress in black, stare up  at their posters of Robert Smith and say &quot;Ahhhhhh&quot;).  Truth is,  even Smith has gone on record saying that he enjoys BOTH of the Cure's  styles--it seems when he gets bored of one, he focuses on the other.  The  Cure, I feel, are brilliantly playing a postmodern game.  Smith is  hyper-aware of his image and status, and he milks it for all its worth.   Kudos to you Robert! <br />That said, Head on the Door is the CD to purchase  for fans who want to hear irresistably catchy Cure songs.  Head is solid  and coherent, unlike the rambling mess of the follow-up, Kiss Me, Kiss Me,  Kiss Me (which would have made a better single record).  Head contains  &quot;Inbetween Days,&quot; &quot;Close to Me,&quot; and &quot;A Night Like  This&quot; for singles fans.  But the record also has &quot;The  Blood,&quot; and &quot;The Baby Screams,&quot; for those who like their  Cure, well, Curish!<br />I half agree with the reviewer from Malaysia.  I  don't think this is a quintessential Cure record.  It's a quintessential  mid-80's Cure record, to be sure, but for anyone who's really interested in  this band I strongly recommend Boys Don't Cry, Seventeen Seconds (my  favorite), Disentegration, and Wish.
B00000I01A|5.0|Hey there... When I first saw RockyIV the movie, it really inspired me because the storyline was very touching.  I loved the music in it &amp; went out and bought the tape and have been listening to it ever since.  It  is perfect for any situation in which you need a lift or an inspirational  boost -- this CD will definitely give you that extra oomph.  I highly  recommend this CD to anyone who loves good music &amp; needs some guidance  in life's low points.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Simple concepts, simple concepts...What seems like a crazy idea- taking old blues recordings and setting them to hip-hop and techno beats- turns out to be the most inspired musical concept of the year. I realize saying  that in a year that actually saw the Backstreet Boys and Emmeniem praised  as the height of pop genius seems like a backhanded compliment, but a  giant's still a giant, even in a year of pygmies, and with PLAY, Moby has  established himself as the foremost DJ and pop producer on the planet. Even  those who loved EVERYTHING IS WRONG will be surprised by the inventiveness  and raw emotion on display in the new album. Moving, funny, fatal and  always, ALWAYS a slave to the rhythm, PLAY takes you on a journey through a  blown-out sonic landscape, full of emotional wreckage and chaos at every  corner.  But in the hands of Moby, the journey becomes a joyous one, and I  defy any listener not to smile after listening to PLAY. Not only the best  album of the year, but the most important slice of hip-hop in a decade.
B000000WCA|4.0|Although it's been a few years since I've labelled myself *gasp* a Spice Girl fan, this album actually still sounds as nice as it did when I was an admirer of the quirky quintette. Each song still sounds lively and vibrant.  Highlights are &quot;2 Become 1,&quot; &quot;Say You'll Be There,&quot;  &quot;Mama,&quot; and &quot;Last Time Lover.&quot; Give it a listen if  you're into fun music.
B00002MZ2T|1.0|Savage Garden's new album is vapid and calculated. This album was made to pay their house notes. No artistic effort was put into this album. It's clearly corporate and pretentious.
0399226907|5.0|This book is good for the young child who likes to explore and is active.  The pages progress in size which makes it fun for the child.  The story is a wonderful illustration of how a caterpillar turns into a beautiful butterfly.
B00003IPFK|2.0|I have read a lot of the reviews from other customers that bought this movie and can only figure that they must be so overcome by story and great cast of this great epic that they failed to see the poor quailty of the  viedo. I had been waiting a good long time for this movie to come out on  dvd and the transfer quality of the video is so poor that its a bitter pill  to sollow. I understand that it is a movie that was made for television but  that is no excuse for what they have done to great film! <br />I sure wish I  had rented this movie before I bought it and would highly recommend to  anyone interested that they do just that before they make the purschase!
B000002NHN|5.0|I bought this CD soon after it came out-after hearing &quot;The Mummer's Dance&quot; I knew I had to have it. I realized that I might not like the rest of the album, but I knew that even if I didn't, it would be worth  having just for that one track. What I found was an album that is excellent  from start to finish. It quickly became one of my favorite albums, and has  been ever since. Her music is so different from anything else I have ever  heard. It evokes such emotion, a sense of yearning and beauty. This CD is  for everyone, not just fans of Celtic music. Do yourself a favor and get  this CD just as soon as you can! You won't be sorry.
0875845851|2.0|Does no-one read anymore? Despite all the assembled love notes to Clayton Christen here, it would seem not. Because this book is a typical re-hash of old ideas in dressed-up tech-friendly clothing.<br />F'rinstance, the idea  that prior market leaders are often swept away in new waves of market  innovations is as old as Schumpeter. Christensen adds some nice historical  frisson to the story -- good for trotting out at Friday beer bashes and  impressing management -- but nothing more. It has been documented before  (and more entertainingly) in books about NeXT, Digital, Apple, IBM, and  others. Even Computer Wars, Morris and Ferguson's more recent vintage book  hits the same notes -- and you'd don't have to go back more than a decade  to find that one.<br />Anyway, nice stories, but this is the kind of  opportunistic and wildly over-applicable theorizing that gives rise to too  many conferences. Whoops, too late.
6305622957|5.0|This movie has alot of historical content and, for me, is very moving. Be prepared for lots of emotions: rage and anger, hatred and disgust, sadness and sorrow. This is a very emotionally realistic portrayal of the bombing  of Pearl Harbor.
B00001OH1S|5.0|this one of the best soundtracks ever!  Bill Conti lives up to Michel Legrand's standards from the original movie soundtrack and Sting's Windmills' version is a modern update of the classic oscar-winning song by  Legrand and sung by Noel Harrison.  A WINNER! A++++++++++++++++++++
B000000P11|5.0|It's always hard trying to figure out which Chameleons album is their finest, since the band seemed incapable of writing a ho-hum, or even merely good, tune. I guess this will do, even though it will appear uneven at  first (since all of the epics are on the first half) until you realize the  charms of the shorter stuff towards the end such as &quot;Seriocity&quot;,  &quot;In Answer&quot; and &quot;Childhood&quot;. The trio of stunners  &quot;Caution&quot;, &quot;Soul in Isolation&quot; and &quot;Swamp  Thing&quot; is quite possibly the most brilliant guitar-rock triptych ever.  Possessing unfathomable complexity, ridiculously depth, and grabbing  melody, they're just one jaw-dropping riff after another flowing together  flawlessly. Mark Burgess' one-of-a-kind voice is an acquired taste but his  lyrics transcend the typical melancholic introversion quite often and this  is possibly the most passionate singing ever on a studio recording. This is  the kind of record you'll be playing ten years from now.  P.S. Amazing as  it seems, the Chams have reformed and are playing a few shows in Manchester  in May, 2000!
0679746048|3.0|This book was a big disappointment to me. It was well written (so what?), but any insight it provided on mental illness and mental institutions has been done before and better (I refer you to One Flew Over the Cukoo's Nest for the shining example). At least it's a quick read.
B00000K0EA|5.0|Like most James Bond movies, Tomorrow Never Dies is great! Pierce Brosnan in his second Bond movie, does a great job! He is the best Bond, besides Sean Connery. George Lazenby only did 1, Timothy Dalton was not right for  the character, and Roger Moore was blonde and WAY too emotional! For all  you people who are criticizing Pierce Brosnan and his Bond movies: get a  life! He does a great job, in GoldenEye, The World is Not Enough, AND  Tomorrow Never Dies!
B00000J7J4|3.0|If nothing else, it is good to see a real musician cash in on the sludge that is modern pop.  I haven't listened to the album, just heard the song with Rob Thomas on the radio.  Thomas is a good singer but these two's  musical styles and heritage just don't belong together.  Too bad Carlos  couldn't get recognition (including monetary) for some of his more honest  previous albums.   The Grammys have got to be the biggest joke running.   Musical recognition based on broadbased popularity and fads.  I haven't  heard a whole lot of good new pop music but there's got to be a better  &quot;best new artist&quot; than Christina Aguilera.  The funny thing is  that the Grammy's somehow every so often get around to recognizing true  talent...even if it's 20 years after they were really relevant.
B00000J7J4|5.0|If there is a musical counterpart (auraltherapy ? ) to aromatherapy then some of the oldie classics provide it for me. As a Beach Boys tune brings back memories of relaxing summer days and Scarborough Fair evokes wood  burning fireplaces with whiffs of yeasty, homemade bread, so the guitar  riffs of Carlos Santana summon forth nights of dancing and the contentment  of being the one who brought the best music to the party.  I can feel his  guitar from the back of my neck to the &quot;souls&quot; of my feet.<br />This  album is a 2-in-1 bonus which brings the Santana guitar mastery back to my  more appreciate ear with his fine solo guitar and hallmark Latin-Afro-Cuban  jazz rhythms. I hear it in El Farol, Primavera and African Bamba. I can  also sample a range of current musical talent through the use of featured  performers - Lauryn Hill, Everlast, Eagle-Eye Cherry. And while the track  Smooth with Rob Thomas is the pop-single favorite, pay special attention to  Love of My Life with Dave Matthews and Maria, Maria with Wyclef Jean. These  are the only tracks where Santana collaborated with the featured artist in  writing the song. The Matthews track elegantly blends Santana's jazzy music  and Matthews' stylized vocals. Maria, Maria is a slow, rhythmic, smoldering  story punctuated with Santana's undefinable Latin guitar wisdom. And as the  weather affords open-window car cruising, crank up Corazon Espinado, sing  along and ignore the traffic.<br />And there are days that this CD is the  auraltherapy I need. Listen to this and you, too, may know the truth:     There is no spoon.
0440178002|5.0|Shogun is the best history of 17th Century Japan you will ever read.  Yes, a history of Feudal Japan.  Oh, yes its a novel.  Yes it is filled with action, romance, sex, politics, and cultural diffusion.  But other than  changing the names, the book is really a history of how the Tokugawa  Shogunate was established.  The book is a history of Will Adams, Tokugawa  Ieyasu, with background and references to Nobunaga and Hideyoshi.  But  again, though it is really a history Shogun is much more.  This is by far  the best book I have ever read.  As long as the book is, you don't want it  to end.  Honestly, I never liked Clavell's other books, Gai-Jin, Taipan,  etc.  but Shogun is the best.  Shogun is one of those books you will always  remember.
B000001ES9|2.0|The playing has more attitude than technique. The songs are amateurish, the production is muddy (even on the remaster), and the album cover is just plain ugly.<br />That said, this album was made just as the band were exiting  their teens, was recorded in the wee hours of the morning, often after a  string of gigs, with what could only be described as a non-budget.<br />Neil  had yet to join.<br />I would reccomend this album because it showcases a  powerhouse band's humble, hardworking roots. I reccomend everything after  for the music.
6305807043|5.0|This film is the most amazing work I have seen in a very long time.  From the opening of the film to the end you never know where it may go or lead into.  Being John Malkovich is strange, brilliant and beautiful!
B00000JCB2|5.0|Ok, I have just two words for this song, HELL YEAH!, there is no better band or song, the video is good, but the song is THE BEST, I have all 4 Limp Bizkit CD's, the explicit &quot;Signifcant Other&quot;, the edited  one, and the explicit &quot;Three Dollar Bill Yall&quot; and the edited one  and all I know is that the explicit &quot;Significant Other&quot; is the  best and that &quot;Nookie&quot;, &quot;Break Stuff&quot;, and &quot;N  2gether Now&quot; is the best three songs on the CD!
0385484518|5.0|Tuedays with Morrie - As a hospice volunteer, I have spent many hours with terminally ill patients.  What I find extraordinary about Morrie and many of my patients is the graceful acceptance of all to come: of the gradual  loss of freedom, of the steady decline of physical abilities, of the  inevitable death.  In addition to that achievement, Morrie chose to focus  on teaching others, not to become preoccupied with his own suffering.  He  rose to every challenge his illness presented.  Through it all, he  exhibited the spirit and sense of humor we all hope to achieve in our final  hours.  <br />Morrie has deeply touched millions of people.  That, by itself,  is a remarkable accomplishment.  In doing so, he became a model for courage  in the face of adversity.  Trite?  I think not.<br />Thanks to Mitch for  helping Morrie tell his memorable story.
068484267X|5.0|A book you won't be able to put down
B0000041Q3|5.0|Sparkling clarity, dramatic pacing, meltingly soft lyricism, and thundering climaxes just begin to describe the attributes to this brilliant studio recording of Puccini's epic, 20th Century, masterpiece.  Mehta  weaves in and out of the colorful orchestration, pointing out moments of  sheer sensuality, drives to huge sound, and intertwining it all with a  glorious chorus, and soloists that match him note for note.  Sutherland's  voice is shimmering steel. She starts off big with beautiful arched  phrasing and simply continues to clime.  Caballe sound is liquid gold.  And Pavarotti rings above the orchestra throughout.  The supporting roles  are delightful.  But the amazing thing is that everything, the soloists,  the orchestra, the chorus, the conceptions, the climaxes, the details, seem  perfect.  This is the definitive recording.
0451526015|4.0|I found the book sensitive, moving and still relevant today, even though the plot seems somewhat impossible.  The way Wilde includes epigrams evey page breaks up the otherwise cocentrated text and makes the story more  pleasant.  I found myself putting the book down every so often to stop and  think about the implications of certain events and take a break from the  intensity, but, at other times, I was totally gripped by the thrilling  plot.  Yes, at times it moved a little slowly, but Wilde's totally  individual and characteristic style managed to bring it off with class.
0783225903|5.0|The thing that seems odd about Brazil is that everybody says it is really confusing.  I watched the entire film early this morning and I followed it closely the whole way through.  Never once did I find the film to be  confusing, dumb, or overreaching.  The only people who don't understand  films like these are the people with short attention spans and whose  favorite film is Independence Day...This film is very well crafted and  made, especially in the last few moments.  If you follow it, you won't be  disappointed in the end.
B00002Z88D|2.0|I like (OLD) Metallica. But this cd is kind of disappointing. Are they still a serious musician, or just entertainer? What I want from them is not great showmanship. I don't think they really needed orchestra for their new  musical experiment. Rather, why don't they hire good synthesizer  player?(seriously) Oh,Metallica. If you really want to continue innovation  in your music, you must not lose your root. Playing with orchestra was not  a very good choice. Once is enough.
0780020685|5.0|First let me agree with all the positive reviews. Second a fun suggestions is to watch this back to back with the American version of the film &quot;The Magnificent Seven.&quot; It's interesting to see how the  characters and story are modified to fit an American audience. Cultural  differences between Americans and Japanese is interesting to see in the  context of the film.
B0000042H4|5.0|Solti's Ring continues to be the 'Ring of Rings.' All naysayers are 'chowder-heads'. While live performances are wonderful, this  Ring was recorded in the studio, therefore, it's a work of art.  It's exactly as it  should be.   No one got to tired, no one hit a wrong note. Each passage was  recorded perfectly. They didn't move on until each section was correct.    This is Ring, ist wunderbar!
0451526015|4.0|I found the book sensitive and moving, and still relevant today even though the plot seems somewhat impossible.  The way Wilde includes epigrams evey page breaks up the otherwise cocentrated text and makes the story more  pleasant.  I found myself putting the book down every so often to stop and  think about the implications of certain events and take a brak from the  intensity, but, at other times, I was totally gripped by the thrilling  plot.  Yes, at times it moved a little slowly, but Wilde's totally  individual and characteristic style managed to bring it off with class.
0380002930|5.0|I have given my two best friends in this world Watership Down as gifts.  Why?  Because it's the only way I can see to give people I love another world, which they deserve.  It's the only way I know to share with them a  sense of love for nature and an understanding of the  supernatural.<br />Watership Down is tremendous.  There's some people who have  given this book one star, and sneeringly suggested Stephen King or Michael  Crichton as acceptable alternatives.  Well, in _The_Stand_, Stephen King  not only quotes Watership Down, but pays it high praise indeed.<br />This book  is not for everyone.  It's not for young kids (the violence is probably too  disturbing).  It's not for people who don't like too read.  But if you love  good fiction and are hunting for a phenomenal book--well, look no  further.<br />Is this the best book I've ever read?  People that read  voraciously, at some point, develop a list of &quot;best books&quot;.  This  is on my list.<br />Read it.  It might get on yours, too.
B00000JAQ8|5.0|This is just my opinion, so don't come and whine about my review if you've bought the CD and don't like it (although I don't see how that's possible). I was first introduced to Nightwish sometime last year by my Belgian friend  and since then, I've been madly in love with their music. I'm not sure how  Britney Spears came into one of the other reviews; it would certainly be an  insult to try and compare such an amateur (BS) with Tarja, who, in my  opinion, is a goddess ;) I love every single track, from the powerful  Sacrament of Wilderness and Gethsemane, to the intensely beautiful  Swanheart. Each song (except the instrumental track, Moondance) is lyrical  perfection. Obviously I don't know much about the technical side of music,  but I know enough to know that this is one of my fav CDs and quite possibly  one of the best ever.
6302227127|5.0|Fantastic What could be better than a great family movie with avid Niven and Cary Grant. Set it at Christmas and its perfect
0812589041|5.0|I'm not a very big fan of sicence fiction but this book was outstanding!  The ending was  hidden so well, you couldn't even to begin what was going to happen.  There's a whole &quot;Ender&quot; series.  Ender's Game is the  first; next is Speaker for the Dead; third is Xeonicide; fourth is Children  of the Mind; and a new one Ender's Shadow.  I plan on reading all of these  and if you read or plan to read Ender's Game, don't stop there.
6302732875|5.0|Ever wonder what really goes on at the office of whom you bought your last piece of real-estate from? Well, maybe this movie doesn't describe exactly what goes on in every office, but it's very entertaining, never the less!  With a star-studded, Oscar winning cast including Jack Lemmon, Alan Arkin,  Ed Harris, Al Pacino, Kevin Spacey and Alec Baldwin (In a role created  specifically for him), this film delivers top-notch performances that will  leave a lasting impression on anyone who watches this movie. I would pay 5  times the price I paid for this film strictly for the masterful scene in  which Alec Baldwin &quot;motivates&quot; his sales force to close  questionable real-estate deals in a poor, early 90's economy. <br />This is  not one of those action-packed, blockbuster movies that get lots of  attention, but if it's pure genious in dialogue executed by some of the  best filmmakers in Hollywood you want, this is truly the movie you want to  see! Do likewise, and watch this film!
B00002E23H|5.0|Deep Blue Sea is WAY different than Jaws.For one Jaws built up suspense and kept you waiting till the end of the movie to see the shark.In Deep Blue Sea,the sharks are in almost every scene!In  Jaws 4:The Revenge,the  shark was so smart that it went after the Brody family!COME ON!In Deep Blue  Sea,it shows how the sharks become smart.Jaws 2 was good (3 and a half  stars),while Jaws 3 is almost as good as Deep Blue Sea!Not nearly as well  known as the Jaws movies but still good.That'd be SWEET if they come out  with Deep Blue Sea 2!
B000000HRP|5.0|I didn't expect much when I put it in the tape player, but I was thoroughly surprised and impressed when I got through my first listen.  After listening to a number of Brand X's albums, this one is still my favorite.   It's lively, a bit raw, but full of passion and creativity.<br />Unorthodox  Behaviour is a purely instrumental '70s rock album with heavy jazz and  fusion influences.  It shares similarities with Genesis, Rush and Yes  during the same time periods, but is more jazzy and less controlled.  At  times, it has the feel of a number of jazz/rock musicians joining in for a  jam session.  Some of the other tunes are more structured and have the feel  of a fast-paced, frantic, yet exciting journey through a world of guitars,  drums and synthesizers.
B000003BDJ|5.0|This is easily the best CD that i have ever bought.  Not only does it have such classic songs as Satisfaction, Jumpin' Jack Flash, Sympathy for the Devil, and Brown Sugar; but it also has some other great songs that are  highly underrate.  Some of these would include Paint it Black, Get off of  my Cloud, Brown Sugar, and Wild Horses.  My favorite song has to be  Sympathy for the Devil.  No matter how many times you listen to that song,  it never gets old.  This CD is a must for anyone who has a remote interest  in classic rock.
B000002NHN|5.0|After hearing &quot;The Mummer's Dance&quot; a few years ago, I knew I had to buy this album. It has been one of my favorites ever since. For me, it evokes much emotion, it is comparable to watching a powerfully emotional  movie, it reaches and touches you. It is not &quot;easy&quot; listening. It  is, however, some of the most beautiful music I have ever had the privilege  of hearing. This comes from a rock fan, so even if you think you don't like  celtic music, you should really give this album a try nonetheless. You  won't be sorry!
0385472951|1.0|When Grisham writes a good one, he's good. When he doesn't, it is a good sedative. The Brethern stinks.
B00000FCBC|5.0|The return of Metallica as I like to call it.  Yea these boys aren't as hard and heavy as they used to be, but the material on both CD's is their best since 1991's S/T effort, a.k.a.The Black Album.  The new songs, all  non-originals, sound convincingly enough like Metallica wrote them.  They  play the songs as though they wrote them which seperates a weak and lame  cover album to those who perform the songs as if they were the bands own.   Out of the new comes a ripper versions of Bob Seger's Turn The Page,  Lizzy's Whiskey In The Jar, Nick Lowe's Loverman, another Diamond Head tune  It's Electric and BOC's Astronomy.  The centerpiece has to be the Mercyful  Fate medley, clocking in at over 10 mins., it takes balls to do King  Diamond, and James and Crew pull it off fantasticly.  The down side of disc  1 is Tuesday's Gone, in acoustic form is fine, but it pales in comparison  to the studio tracks.  On disc 2, the band's covers and B-sides from the  start of their career all the way up to Lemmy's 50th birthday party bash  are all here. The 9.98 Garage Days Ep is here in it's entirety, making it  an essential purchase for those who don't already own it. Other gems are  pretty much all the rest of the songs as well, So What, Breadfan, Stone  Cold Crazy and Killing Time. But the centerpiece of the 2nd CD is the  Motorhead covers. Live, raw, energetic, and with the Lemmymeister himself  sound amazingly awesome. Well I've bored you enough, buy it if you haven't  already.
B000002KB8|5.0|This is an all-time great.Sabbath defines &quot;heavy&quot; with this one, as the bass carries most of the album. There isn't one stale tune on it, unlike some of their other ones.  While not as popular (you'll never hear  any of this stuff on a classic rock station), I really feel it's the best  of their first 4 albums, although most people who reviewed the Sabbath  albums here seem to favor &quot;Master of Reality.&quot; I think this one  rocks more than &quot;MoR&quot; because it features more free-lance guitar,  and is not as commercialized as much as &quot;Paranoid&quot; (which hurts  me to say, because that's the only album to get a lot of airplay).
B000000OU4|5.0|When this album came out I bought it, thinking it would be good, but not as good as still life (talking), Letter From Home, etc. Well, just when you think there is no way he can keep turning out the great albums, he gives us  another one. This one is different from his others, but great in its own  way. A must-have.
B00002MZ2T|1.0|I have to say that I REALLY loved Savage Garden's debut album, but &quot;Affirmation&quot; does not stack up to the competition. All they have written are songs that are guaranteed to be hits. They got makeovers; it  seems like they're selling out. I really thought that the second album  would be as good as the first, but I was really disappointed. All the songs  on &quot;Affirmation&quot; sound pretty much the same. They all mush into  one entire song. If you didn't like them the first time, buy this, they've  changed. If you REALLY LIKED Savage Garden the first time around, I  wouldn't bother popping their CD in your boom-box.
B000005JA8|5.0|I have read al the reviews on Amazon about this amazing album and agree with most of them.  However I feel that &quot;Lick My Decals Off Baby&quot; is an even more amazing album. At only 36 minutes or so it captures all the  magic of TMR in a more consise package. Hey Warner/Reprise when are you  going to re-release this one.<br />I read a review of TMR when it was new that  said if you can't get into it, you should sweep the floor while listening  and it would eventually hit you. That is absolutely true.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This is definitely one of the best hardcore cds ever.If you enjoy hard riffs of Korn and the Deftones, get it, and if you like the death riffs of bands like cannibal corpse and six feet under, this matches up to it.  Again, this cd is definitely one of if not the best hardcore rock cd ever.  Buy it now
0783240503|5.0|God,when I saw this play I absolutely loved it.I saw it twice and would see it again.Donny is not only talented,but sexy.His voice is out of this world.I wish they would bring this play back.This play is so wonderful for  all ages.I'll always love Donny no matter what he's doing.
079213690X|4.0|Seems to me that several folks have axes to grind in reviewing this film poorly. This is a very, very good film for people who like history, costume dramas, &quot;English&quot; -- pardon me --- novels, and stirring stories  of patriotism and passion. Gibson has proven he is more than just a Lethal  Weapon-Bruce Willis type clone. Maybe not Olivier, but who is? What a good  movie. I have bought it and watched it several times over. There is much to  be enjoyed. Lovely score, excellent attention to detail, high ideals and  heroes... and just enough romance to keep my heart swollen and my throat  choked up. And Stephen, the Irish hero... WHAT a great addition. I want to  take him home and have a few beers with him.<br />Thank you, Mel Gibson. What  fun!
B00003CWPR|5.0|Eyes Wide Shut was the most breath taking film i have ever seen at the cinema. The Cinematography and Lighting is amazing. The atmosphere and setting of the film is like from another dimension. The plot is not what I  expected, but even better. I expected to watch a 3 hour sex romp, with no  plot, but is almost the exact oppisite. Stanley Kubrick put accross exactly  what he was trying to put accross. All I can say is bravo.
B000001GQQ|3.0|This recording is unpleasantly cacophonic at times.  The best performance of this piece I've ever heard was by a player named Steven Mason Prutsman.  I was so mesmerized by his playing that I would listen and relisten to the  song over and over again.  I don't know if he has any recordings.  I  recorded the music on tape off of a video recording of the 1990  Tschaikovsky competition in Moscow, Russia.
0767827716|5.0|This movie is one of my all-time favorites. I recently bought the DVD and it is in the widescreen version the way John Carpenter wanted it. This one gets my high eyebrow. Enjoy!
B00003Q43A|5.0|Independence Day is an excellent film, I don't know how anyone can give bad comment on a film like this. Ok, so the story line is very basic, but it does have excellent special effects and the film is put together quiet  well. I know what some reviewers are saying, same old movie (alians  invading earth)etc. Ok this may be true, but use your tiny brains in your  head and think about it, are'nt are films made this way, these days, almost  all films are copied, or are very similar to each other, all you need to do  is give out some imagination.<br />An excellent film, I'll recommend this film  to anyone who likes sci-fi.<br />Oh one more question, how can anyone review  this film  on DVD, if it isn't available yet!, unless their buying pirated  DVD's, if this is the case, you don't deserve to own DVD.
0792835719|4.0|I like to think that sci-fi movies get better with age. This movie does. I have'nt seen this movie for many years and the first time was on television. This DVD excited me in a couple of ways,that it had the  widescreen version and the 5.1 audio. How I only wish I could have seen it  in the theater. This one gets my high eyebrow.
B00004NRUM|5.0|BRAVE, is a masterpiece that is perfect from beginning to end. it is a haunting look into the life of a young girl found standing on the edge of a bridge. it deals with drugs, love, and money, all  of which can end up destroying a life. it is deep, and moving, and can  bring the listener to tears, if given the chance to grow on you.
B0000027F3|5.0|Painkiller is one of the definitive metal albums out there today. A must-have for any metal fan!
B00000J7J4|4.0|Carlos Santana is the best rapper of all time!  He can bust a phat beat like nobody else!  He sounds a lot like Snoop Dog.  His afro is pretty chillen too!   Only 4 stars because I still can't beleive he didn't  feature my boy Puff Daddy and he broke his label with Death Row records.
1572522232|4.0|Beatiful scoring, fantastic set pieces, lovely camera work, some of the tensest moments I've experienced in front of a tv set, some fun (and very cliched) supporting perfomances, and a very appealing (and a bit befuddled)  lead.  GOD, if only we could have gotten a story and some character  development to boot, I would rank this as a true film landmark.  This is by  far one of the most well crafted horror films I've seen, and it held my  interest through the whole film, making it's flaws easily forgiveable since  it's SOOOO good where it's good.  Afterwards though, I can think of so many  ways they could have made the story more involving and so much more that  could have been done with the leads, that it leaves me a bit frustrated.   Sure, as just a slasher flick, it's hard to find better than this, but I  think horror is a bit more broad a genre, and it's hard to find films that  don't compromise and display just that, an &quot;it's just a slasher  flick&quot; mentality, and go for the compromise.  The ideas for where you  can go with this are endless...the dance academy actually being a sort of  &quot;hunting grounds&quot; for unsuspecting prospective witches, with the  Olgas finding success, and the sara's and pat's paying the ultimate price  for not being good enough is my favorite...I would have loved something  like that.  Or perhaps Suzy having known all along that some supernatural  force was at work there, and was covertly working all along to find it and  finish it.  (that one i see as almost possible, since throughout the film,  she seems a bit too wary for someone who doesn't know something's up, and  yet very calm, as if she's thinking &quot;yeah, yeah, I'm playing along,  playing along, I'm the pretty dancer girl, playing along...*eyes dart* what  the hell kind of place is this...okay, playing along, playing along&quot;  attitude, especially the eyes darting thing...I thought it was cute (BACK!  BACK YOU BIZARRE JESSICA HARPER FETISHESTS!).  That andthe nice ambiguous,  blow it all off ending make her look pretty suspicious there...oh there  were six or seven ideas that are better plot structures for this film that  I was thinking of, where are they, oh they're lost in the sea of hundreds  of better ideas to pick from. It's a love/hate thing for me with Suspiria.   I love it while I'm watching it, for the incredible visual and sonic ride  it can give in parts, and then hating it afterwards for not having set  these scenes into a story where they could make some sense, and have these  scenes be propelling something.  Oh well...eventually...but for now, it's  gonna have to do.  I will say I that with all the countless hideously bad  horror flicks there are out there, Suspiria definitely gives you more than  the average GOOD horror movie, and that's always a bit of sweet relief.
B000006045|2.0|I am sorry but I dont have a clue what the critics were on about when I read the reviews for this latest effort by the sculking trip hoppers. i was expecting something powerful and memorable, especially after it has been  branded one of the albums of the year. instead I found this record to be  very boring and overall extremely disappointing. I like the album before  this because there was something slightly lullabyish about it, but on  Mezzanine theres absolutely no warmth or emotion on display. it leaves you  feeling very cold indeed.<br />the main problem is that while the trio are  coming up with the right ideas, on this album they dont appear to know what  to do with them. beats and sound effects seem to be repeated time and time  again througout a single song, and while the singing is dark and  mesmerizing, it gets bogged down under all the crunching and banging. <br />On  the plus side &quot;Tear Drop&quot; is a beautiful piece of work and theres  a certain magic aura surrounding first track &quot;Angel&quot;, but its  pretty much tedious to listen down. seeing as this album was acclaimed to  such an exten, dont listen to me and give it a try if you want, but at the  end of the day, theres nothing wrong with being dark, but there is when no  particular answer is given for the darkness.
6304973187|4.0|The reason why I say that is because at the end of the movie i began to cry like I was at a funeral.  It also had me thinking about life and what it means and how short it is.  How when parents don't get along what you go  through.  I reccomand that everyone sees it!
B00004NRUM|5.0|I have been a Marillion fan since the very begining in 1981 and Brave in my opinion has to go down as one of their best.There is something new every time you listen to it,a mixture of darks and lights.You have to give it a  few listens and then it will grab you and never let go The closing Great  Escape is Marillions finest hour and will blow you away
B00003CWPR|3.0|There were times when I thought that Kubrick had simply fallen in love with Nicole Kidman's picture-perfect body, especially her buttocks, and had made a movie where he would be able to film it.  There were other times  that kept my mind working long after I left the theater, asking myself  questions about reality and morality, such as the parts with the costume  shop owner with his daughter.  This movie heightened my belief that Lelee  Sobieski (shop owner's daughter) is a real talent with Jodi Foster-like  potential, even with only 5 minutes of screen time.  It is not Kubrick's  best work, not even in the top 5, but a very interesting film.
630420065X|5.0|I don't quite get the bad reviews for this film. Its one of my All-Time favorites, and sure, it takes brains to follow the storyline. Yeah? So? I think that you have become to accustomed to action movies with no stories,  just people getting blown up. This movie centers around Ethan Hunt (Cruise)  an IMF agent sent on a mission in Keiv. The mission goes wrong and its up  to Ethan to figure out what happened. He soon finds himself trying to keep  a IMF NOC list from getting into the wrong hands. But whose hands are  those? This movie does involve some thinking, and you may have to view it a  few times to truly appreciate, but isn't that what a great movie does? You  pick up new things every time you view. The movie stars Tom Cruise, Ving  Rhames, Jon Voigt in a great role and other well known actors and  actresses.
B00003OSSN|3.0|Random Hearts will get mixed reviews from nearly everyone who watches it...While a romance is the core of the film, it isn't the focus of much of the story; most of the film involves Harrison Ford, as a police detective,  trying to juggle an investigation he's running on a crooked cop, while  putting together the pieces of his wife's affair with a politician's  husband, which comes to light after the couple are killed in a plane crash.  While the film tends to drag, and never quite meshes together, Ford's  performance is one of the finest of his career. With his patented  'hang-dog' expression, his spikey gray hair, and his increasing sense of  bewilderment over the failure of his 'perfect' marriage, he delivers a  beautifully defined portrayal of a man cut adrift, and was certainly worthy  of Oscar consideration.<br /><br />As the other betrayed spouse, Kristen Scott  Thomas is less successful, partially because she never seems as romantically  involved with her husband (Peter Cayote), to begin with. She struggles with  a role that has far less emotional depth than she had in 'The Horse  Whisperer', and ultimately, she falls back on mannerisms to fill in what  the script lacks. There isn't a lot of chemistry between the leads, either;  a scene in her car, when she and Ford explosively embrace, is the only  sexually-charged scene they share; their subsequent love scenes seems flat,  and by-the-numbers, which strains the credibility of their attraction.<br /><br />In supporting roles, director Sidney Pollack, Charles Dutton, and Bonnie  Hunt are very good; Hunt's restaurant scene with Thomas, when she  acknowledges her affair with the husband, is a high point in the film.<br /><br />While Random Hearts will not be everyone's 'cup of tea', if you're a  Harrison Ford fan, this film should definitely be in your collection!
0345350499|5.0|The Mists of Avalon is a very descriptive and touching book about the Arthurian Legends. For once it takes the standpoint of the woman in King Arthur's life. You truly care about the characters, they are  multidemensional and alive. In addition to the obvious Arthurian legend,  there is the sub-plot of the struggle to keep the Celtic religion alive in  Ancient Britan.It addresses the mystical land of Avalon and it's part in  King Arthur's life. Told from the stand point of Guinivere and Morgaine it  is truly a work of art. I recommend this book to anyone!
0380804557|2.0|I've now read three Neil Gaiman books, brought on by the fanaticism of some friends of mine who are fans of his.<br />It's clear that what this fellow really wants to do is to be a movie producer, and each one of these  books that I've read sounds like it has been the product of a Hollywood  pitch meeting, like something out of The Producer.<br />If I ever see Neil  Gaiman's screen credit on &quot;The Graduate: Part Two&quot;, I'll be sure  to look for it when it comes on HBO.  In the meantime, I'd rather read  books that were written to be books, and comics that were written to be  comics, and not second-rate attempts to make another medium do things it  can't do very well.
6304711883|5.0|This movie was wonderful.  It was captivating I started to wash and could not take my eyes off.  I called a friend to make sure she was washing it.  It kept you on the edge of your seat wondering what was going to happen  next.  Mel Gibson always play in some good movies.
B000001F5A|5.0|'Antarctica' has to be the most underrated Vangelis project, let alone example of New Age supremacy over anything Neo Classical could cook up. It's even more sad to see that the old 8 song version is no longer  available via the likes of Amazon.com. There's so much on this album that  can trigger the mind's image player that buying it as good as obviates the  desire to see Kurahara's cinema release. The version I have clocks in at  45:29 and goes by the catalogue number 815732-2 from Polydor records. For  the benefit of all the poor souls who were deceived into thinking that the  7 track piece was the only one, I'll give a breakdown on the entries  themselves:<br />1] 'Theme From Antarctica' - the staple sound of the album.  Note how the oriental pull to it shows how Vangelis can tailor make his  work to suit culturally defined markets, too.  2]   'Antarctic Echoes' -  the first 'dreamy' track. The sequences contained herein conjure mental  pictures of surveying massive vistas of white desert and distant mountain  mirages. It transports you to the terrain but its sweet melodic structure  also has the power to insulate you from the hideously cold temperatures.  Catatonia prevails. 3]   'Kinematic'  - the 'fast' track. In the film, I  suppose this would be where the camera shifts to reveal human activity on  the icescape, intense and frenzied to battle the harshness of the  environment. The montony indicates optimism and work being, if not  achieved, at least striven toward. 4]    'Song of White' - Opening with a  Native Americanesque wind instrument sequence that soothes the soul after  experiencing the energy of the previous track, this song soon (2:48 in)  gives way to a reprisal of the theme music. We're now back to the overview  of the continent, estimating the challenges we face and goose-pimpling with  pride at how advanced we think our species is at being able to overcome  adversity in this deadly but beautiful world. 5]   'Life Of Antarctica' -  The lullabyesound which begins this track swiftly caves in to display a  precarious, pessimistic sequence that is wind instrument-oriented. As much  as the feel contradicts the expectation of hope we should get from the  track title, here, Vangelis is raising a grandfatherly finger of caution,  warning us of the fragility of that life here and how we should be mindful  that that existence is tiny compared to the forboding scale of the  continent as a whole. Probably the most powerful of all the soundscapes  presented on the record up this point. 6]    'Memory Of Antarctica' -  Apparently, it's the missing link of the album. A dreamy opening begins a  piece that seems to be trapped somewhere between tracks 2 and 5 in style.  In the first minute and a half, though, we've defaulted to a slower,  wispier rendition of the theme music which treads on tired feet for pretty  much the rest of the song. This entry is entirely a lullabye - we can  forget the agony of the cold now because we're protected by the numbness of  memory (or is that the numbness brought on by the cold?). The mirages,  wisps and stark white vistas are still there but we're at one with them. 7]    'Other Side of Antarctica' - The one. I say 'the one' because this is the  most powerful track on the album. From hearing the first two seconds of  this track we can feel the frustration of having climbed a high body of ice  only to find an insanely vast expanse of merciless white greeting our  snowblind gaze. We're hundreds of miles from safety, there's no food or  shelter and we only have prayers to use now. This is an anthem of nature's  triumph over us. The pessimistic, monochromed soundscape rarely lets up.  We're doomed now....we can only hope for salvation but intuition dictates  that it can never materialise.. 8]    'Deliverance' - The prayer is  answered. Our eyes defrost and afford tears while reunion with what we knew  before occurs. This is what we are now that we've survived Antarctica -  wiser, much worse for wear but touched by the joy of life preserved. That  memory lessens the hardship of the environment of the test, thus  reconciling us with the continent which we also now hold in a more  empirical awe and respect.<br />  Buy it now and save yourself the bother of  trying to find a travel agent to go down there.
B000000W8C|5.0|This is the only cd I've listened that could make me cry
0792836510|5.0|It's a good job Leone saved this mammoth for his third. 'Fistful...' was where he learned what he could do with his Euro-Western idea; 'For A Few...' allowed him to go one notch higher and discover that this formula  was sustainable (as were the recyclable cast members) so Leone really had  no excuse not to come up with this. The luscious earth tones of the  [Iberian] desert, the crispness of Ennio Morricone's soundtrack and the  tell-tale signs of an extremely high production value are the first things  to strike you about this tape. The plot is astoundingly sound, betraying  that the mind behind the writing of number three had matured leaps and  bounds beyond the bank robber/ bounty hunter approach inherent to the first  two movies. The nondescript cast that encircles Eastwood, Cleef and Wallach  plays well off the strength and desolation of the landscape it inhabits.  Leone, as he would likewise demonstrate in 'Once Upon A Time In The West',  had discovered how to make the scenery into a character in its own right.  'The Good, The Bad &amp; The Ugly' is a long, long string of visual  impressions, sometimes stark, sometimes hypnotic, which flows in a fast,  meandering stream of a plot. Inspired by sheer cartridge-fired-in-your-face  cynical edge, the adult content in the movie catapults it to a precariously  high entertainment level. Everything from Eastwood's coolness, through  Cleef's slyness and Wallach's snide facial expressions, to the intensity of  the grandiose battle sequence at the bridge near the end of the film is as  essential to the film's existence as blood is to your body. The conclusion  has a unique darkness to it that doesn't just pack a punch that has not  been equalled since but also delivers much needed closure to a cinematic  epic clocking in at three hours. It's possible to isolate and extoll the  strong points of some smaller elements such as Eastwood's unbreakable  spirit or the skill with which the Good and the Ugly infiltrate the  Confederate military but why bother. It took me more than a year of hard  reflection before I could dare to grapple with 'G.B.&amp;U.' as a would-be  critic. This film is loaded and human rights laws should dictate that it be  distributed with every single VCR sold in the civilised world. To be here  you've either seen the film and need a copy now by turning to Amazon or  you're a hopeless case who's stumbled this far from listening to the myths.  Get now, get soon or back down and suffer in ignorance.      There; I did  it.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Great album, it is easy to listen and relate to, I enjoyed immensely the lyrics and similiarly the music. Just a great album cant wait for the next one
6303471501|5.0|For 1978/79, Miller's debut feature is tightly directed and highly engaging thanks almost to the constraints that had to be imposed because of the films amateuresque style. Gibson breaks out of his screen starting gate  like a racehorse, the villain gang is well (and humourously) put together  and the plot is as souped-up and humming with power as practically all the  vehicles shown therein (remember that post-apocalyptic sci-fi thrillers  only became well and truly cliched after the third installment of this  series). Still, the real stars of the show in this picture are the cars  themselves. Those Interceptors painted yellow and marked 'Pursuit' are the  best thing to happen to a Datsun since the invention of the 454hp engine  and scoop. Miller directs the road sequences with zest and conviction - so  much so that the frenzy of the death highway comes out to stab the viewer  in the eyeballs at times. There are a few funny bits with deaths etc. Most  are well executed [except for the Edwin Nealesque (he's the guy who gets  smushed under the wheels of that truck at the end of 'The Texas Chainsaw  Massacre') demise of the ludicrously camp biker leader, 'The Toecutter']  but watch out for the sequence where Max runs the bikers off the bridge  right after his wife and kid get splattered. Look for the guy in the red  helmet and brown jacket (I think he's also wearing a white aviation scarf)  who falls on the road (most of the bikers being catapulted over the  railings). Found him? Okay, good. Now wait until you see the front wheel of  the bike to the left of him smash him in the head and jerk his neck  forward. That actor must have died! No way could anyone have lived through  that without serious hospitalisation. Hmmm.... was George Miller trying to  get too opportunistic with that? Anyway - it's a damned fine film given its  unripe origins so go see it whether you're familiar with the trilogy or  not. Scholastic work for sure.
0767819446|5.0|This movie is great! It is a great movie. It's about this guy's boss who gets murdered and they find out who it is. It is cross between the matrix and the general's daughter. Buy it!
B00000J6AG|4.0|Moby is pretty cool and I think teh best song on Play is Bodyrock. I also like Honey and 7. I rated it 4 out of 5 because there are some bad songs, but I recomend listening to it and buying it.
0767802659|5.0|We all know that this isn't one of those movies to be nominated for academy awards, but sometimes we need a break from Al Pacino, Jack Nicholson, and Robert DeNiro.  Just kick back and enjoy futuristic battles  between man and arachnid.  One of the things I liked was that the bad-a**,  macho, head-on invasion failed and the humans had to actually think and  plan in order to win.  This one goes on the shelf with &quot;5th  Element&quot; and &quot;Alien Resurrection&quot;.
B0000025RI|4.0|It's easy to see why THRILLER the album was such a huge hit. The album has crossover appeal. There's funky dance songs like WANNA BE STARTING SOMETHING and THRILLER, rock song BEAT IT, slow, cushy songs for romantics,  like THE GIRL IS MINE, ext,. The album itself is very good, WANNA BE  STARTING SOMETHING THRILLER, BEAT IT and BILLIE JEAN are all fanatstic  songs. THE GIRL IS MINE is great as well, but in a 'so-bad-it's-good' way.  PYT and BABY BE MINE are good but not great. The only tracks I don't like  are HUMAN NATURE and LADY IN MY LIFE which I think are boring.  Nevertheless, the album, as a whole is essential listening.
B00001ZWTT|2.0|Hollywood can be so cruel.  They hype up all the bad summer movies, but this one would've been terrible without all the merchandising.  Avoid it.  Even the ultimate team of Kevin Kline and Will Smith (two exceptional  actors) can't save it.
B00003CXDV|5.0|An original idea for a space comedy very nice. Basically the &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; crew are actors in the film and it turns out that real aliens take them aboard their real ship because they think that the actors are the  planets heros because they say that they have been intercepting what they  think are planet earths historical documents i.e. &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot;  tv episodes ! what a start to a movie. I can't tell you any more you'll  have to watch it for yourself. A few stars:- Tim Allen, Sigourney Weaver  and Allan Rickman. Should be a great DVD
B000003JAY|2.0|Vital Idol really misses the target by not having Rebel Yell.  What an embarrassing oversight!   Doesn't any record company have the good sense to pull together a REAL collection of his greatest hits?  You know, one that  includes:  Rebel Yell, Cradle of Love, Dancing with Myself, To be a  Lover,....
B000031XCR|5.0|When i beacme a celine fan it was all because of two graet songs and the album colour of my love., Then for some time i stopped earing any music from her until the realase of falling into which realyy bought me up to  like her more.Then came the realase of lets' talk about love and i did lie  it but not as much as Falling into you and colour of my love.When i heard  my hearyt will gon i cried that night and this time it number all over the  world as i read.Suprisingly it stayed atop for the hot 20 for 9 months in  my country   and lets talk about number one 40 weeks this album as sold 10  million copies in my country  up to last week and from there onwrds no one  has bought it.Now  with realse of all the way she has sold 16 million  copies since it was realses makeing ithe best selling album in years.  That's the way it is is good song which is atop of the charts for 9  week.then you look at me is another one at them soundtrack movie songs at 1  for 6 weeks now ,if wallks could talk at 10,and the rest will benot realsed  No wonder it is been bubling on top 5 in the hot billboard charts curently  number 3.Incredibly this albyum as gone from 1,2,3 and 4  sinec it was  realsed.that shows it is good album. Get this album anfd ypou wot regret  it;. Mariah caries fan plase if hate celine don't buy this album and stay  awy from this board if you want to talk bad about celine and her music as  we will stay way from your coner.
B00000ILDE|5.0|When I first saw this movie, i was skeptical, i had heard of bad reviews of the movie from the series that was currently out (ahem -- Alien 3). I was terribly, terribly wrong. THis movie is great in every way. From the  excellent acting from Micheal Beihn and Sigourney Weaver, to the special  effects and the directing. Even the scenes created a feeling of atmosphere,  making a great movie even better. I say if you love movies, go for it. I  say if you hate movies, go for it. You will not be disapointed
B00000292K|5.0|nowadays artists are coming out with sample compilation albums so anyone that wants to loop parts can.such as what Parliament did a few years back.well this album belongs in that bag.the beats and hooks while largely  influenced by SLy&amp;the Family Stone,James Brown,Jimi Hendrix,etc..have  not only strong Funk elements but also PRE-Date Hip-Hop beats and  Grooves.The title alone and the cover speak to the streets and this was a  Fore-runner before Rap got it's name&amp;sound.Miles was always a step  ahead.
0026009102|5.0|&quot;The Fountainhead&quot; is the story of Howard Roark, an ideal man of perfect virtue in world full of men that want nothing extreme and follow those who do know what they want, so long as the leaders help them mask  their emptiness.  Roark is an architect who only works his way, asking no  one to like or accept his work, demanding nothing from others.  His  buildings are highly efficient and a tribute to the best within man, and he  deals only with those who approach him ready to accept his terms.   Ultimately &quot;Fountainhead&quot; is not the story of his struggle  against his antagonists, but the story of their struggle to stifle the good  in men so that Roark can never work, which would destroy him.  <br />This is  about the broadest synopsis of the book's conflict that I can make.  I read  the book at a time (at 18) when I was fighting off the growing realization  that my religion and my country were intellectually and morally bankrupt.   This is terrifying when you aren't aware of *why* they are and what  alternate thinking this implies.  I was looking carefully for some new  ideas.  I found &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; and some very challenging  questions of mine got answered.  If you haven't read the book I hope you  will.
B000000HHE|5.0|this Disc is still strong after all of these years.so many great songs.the Lyrics&amp;Music went hand-n-hand.this disc has held up after a Decade out.this is a Rap Classic.this Disc has influenced other Rappers.this was  the start of the Native TOngues.Tribe,&amp;Jungle Brothers,etc.. a must  have.
6300216268|5.0|This magnificent film of substance deserves all the good reviews here, but I must admit a twinge of jealousy, for I always thought of Harold and Maude as MINE- that's how deeply it affected me. Everyone has pretty much said it  all, but I want to make a comparison: Ruth Gordon's heart-felt acting and  that of Anne Bancroft in Garbo Talks. What wonderful portrayals!
B000021Y7X|5.0|The Talking Heads, and this movie, had a major impact on my life in high school.  I have not seen this movie for about ten years now and it is the &quot;same as it ever was&quot;; brilliant.  If this band or movie played  any role in your life...   then you have to buy this DVD.  Great film and  sound transfer, however the &quot;bonus tracks&quot; seem like an  afterthought that was implemented right before production...  might as well  be watching a VHS tape!  I would have to say that Stop Making Sense and  Frank Zappa's Baby Snakes are easily the best concert films...   ever.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Carlos Santana is truly one of the greatest living musicians right now.  He has a unique style of guitar work that can fit into any type of music.  His latest album, &quot;Supernatural&quot;, which has just deservingly won  eight Grammies, is one of his finest albums to date.  Half of the album is  Santana with his group playing some great compositions.  &quot;(De La)  Yaleo&quot; is the first and finest track of the album which sounds like  Santana's earlier work yet sounds refreshingly new.  The other half of the  album a wide variety of collaborations featuring Dave Matthews, Rob Thomas,  Lauryn Hill, Wy Clef Jean, Eric Clapton, Everlast, and more, which all  prove that Santana's stlye is very diverse.   This album will probably go  down in history as one of the great classics that future generations will  hopefully enjoy just as much.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This is rap/metal at its best.From the first intro to the last this is a fantastic album.Nookie,just like this,break stuff and re arranged are the best.Better than 3 dollar bill but not by  much.Limp,korn,slipknot,deftones,kid rock,bush,rage,and green day rule but  limp head the pile.GET IT.
1558908455|5.0|You have the criminals on the run for the border and their hostages.  Sounds like a Tarentino/Rodriguez combonation doesn't it?  The first half of this plays like an average crim film with an average plot.  Nothing  sensational aside from the unusual cast and some great Tarentino dialogue.   All of a sudden when they go to this bar (I don't think I can print the  name) to hide out and out of nowhere the place starts crawling with lots of  vampires turning the crime film into a horror film with all the necessary  gore to go with it.  This film is quite an exercise and is guarenteed cult  status in the future.  Check it out if you haven't already.  George Cloony,  Harvey Kietel, and Tarentino light up the screen and Rodriguez directs  Tarentino's script with brilliance.  The film is a ton of fun and there is  some great Southern blues/rock music in it too.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Brilliant stuff.From start to finish this album will rock the cells out of your body.Wait and bleed,surfacing,spit it out,liberate and no life are just some of the amazing songs that this album has to offer.Play this album  as loud as it can be played coz SLIPKNOT ROCK,All u metal fans out  there{who dont already have this album},go get it.
079284209X|4.0|The funny part about Ronin, is that it's exactly what you'd expect Americans to film in France : Paris and the Riviera. Besides, it's just plain remarkable, especially when you live in Paris, to hear Bob talking  French to his buddy Jean Reno. Of course, one will recall the car chases  for a long time...Hey, what's the big deal, they ALL drive like that here  !  All kidding aside, to shoot an American action movie in Paris must have  been quite a challenge, and the result is pretty good. Don't miss it. Just  listening to De Niro saying en Francais &quot;je bois juste un petit verre  et je m'en vais&quot;, is worth buying the DVD or the tape;  Enjoy !
B000006NPY|2.0|I have all the major Pumpkin releases, and I have to say that this is their worst one (relatively speaking).  Sure there are a couple good tracks (among them, &quot;Ava Adore&quot;, &quot;To Sheila&quot;, and &quot;Appels  + Oranjes&quot;).  However, when listening to &quot;Adore&quot;, I find  that the album tends to drag on quite a bit.  Don't get me wrong, Billy  Corgan's a great songwriter.  It's just that for some reason, I find this  particular CD to be boring for the most part (partially because a good  number of the songs are soft compared to their previous stuff).  I'm glad  that Billy and company are returning to the music they're much more  appreciated for with their new one &quot;Machina/The Machines Of God&quot;.  If you want good Pumpkin music, stick with their previous releases,  especially &quot;Siamese Dream&quot; (their best one yet!).  For the most  part, &quot;Adore&quot; is a dud!
630419949X|3.0|While the change from all-out &quot;let's kill everybody&quot; to an FBI-based spy action is intriguing, I found that decreasing the special effects in favor of accreting a cohesive storyline does not work marvels  for Arnold. The &quot;undercover man&quot; image just doesn't do him  justice. Come on, people, where last have you seen a seven-foot-tall spy?  The story doesn't have quite enough incidental laughs in it, but, for some  reason, I found myself chuckling at the zoo shoot-out scene. This really  isn't the best of what such a star as Arnold can do.
6302038324|1.0|I had no idea such a visually intense movie could be so bloody boring.  It attempts to recreate the night in which Mary Shelly got the idea for her novel &quot;Frankenstein.&quot;  The entire movie plays like a dream or  hallucination sequence, with unintentionally funny dialogue and marginal  acting by a cast that would be impressive in any other movie.  If you enjoy  gratuitously lush visuals supported by a weak script and embarassed actors,  go ahead and rent this movie somewhere. If you have more important things  to do, like taking a nap, or watching grass grow, you might want to pass.
B000003TAR|5.0|Their last studio effort was flawless - and the raw energy simply cooks on this CD.  Not another Nevermind at all - put on your non-top 40 hats go for a ride on this one.  As one who once thought that punk was pretty much  limited to the Sex Pistols, these guys got the jist and put new limits on  it.  Crank it up and enjoy this classic punk rock CD!
B000005J56|5.0|I just purchased this album and I love it!  It has everything.  I covers the bluesy Cuban music as well as the up beat salsa type music.  What a  wonderful collection of music.  I love this CD.
6305627347|5.0|This movie was pure brilliance. The show is funny, but this... this was hysterical! Lots of subliminal messages about society and politics arise in one of the funniest movies of all time. Parker and Stone really took it to  the edge because I've never been so pleasently suprised in all my life. I  thought it was just gonna be an overly long version of the TV show... of  course it's not. As many critics hated it as much as they loved it; I  consider it to be the Citizen Kane of our day. Controversial, political and  unlike anything anyone has ever seen before. The animation ain't great, but  it works for me. And it offers some pretty nifty effects, especially when  Kenny goes to Hell. Die hard South Park fans will NOT be disappointed with  this one. Definetely not for the kids; it's one of those movies with a good  heart but with a bad mouth. Well worth the 81 minutes you spend laughing at  it; simply one of the best movies of the year.
B00000JCOV|5.0|If you are going to buy any cd in the next couple of months this has to be it whether you are a rock fan or not this is the single most cd out now.    In my opinion, this blow &quot;Issues&quot; right out of the water, no  questions about it. Korn could have stood up to this with earlier cd's but  not now. Must Buy, nuff said.
B00002Z88D|5.0|If you love Metallica, youll definetly love this cd. This cd is a form of Metallica that youll ever find. Master of Puppets sounds great. No Leaf Clover and Minus Human are two of their new songs. They both are cool.  Espcially the intro to minus human. So if you want a good cd of pure  Metallica, get this one. Its well worth your money.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I love Fight Club, Brad Pitt, Edward Norton, and Helen Bonham Carter gave Oscar Worthy Performances.  It was way under rated at the box office.  It has a brillant beging then keeps getting better and better as the dark  humor is released.  With the best twist ending I have ever seen, although  you have to think about all the events in the movie for it to make complete  sense.  Fight Club is one of the best films of 1999, one of the best films  ever, and one of the most under rated films ever.  Don't miss it.
0671004107|5.0|This book is wonderful it tells how won woman gets to jonery far off into space and here chalange to get there But it is not all alein filled it actuly tells a wonderful storie everyone should read this book
0425129608|5.0|I feel tht M.Christie has written magnificently in this book. I had to read this book for a characterization report for school, and I was immediatly enthralled. Tho i thought i knew who the murderer was, i was  greatly suprised at the truly twisted ending. In short, I loved it and I  feel u wil to.
6300263673|5.0|Not only is this movie about a spoiled rich girl and a boy from the wrong side of the tracks...it is about two people who learn that love is not about riches or poverty, but about two souls destined to be together.  A  true coming of age story...all about growing up and opening your eyes.
B00003CXA6|5.0|Anyone who has ever wondered about civil war should watch this movie. it brings out the best in the charcters, adding a new dimention to those men who fought there. even though i read the book (and loved it) seeing the movie helped me visualise the lay of the land and the battle itself far better. And if you haven't read the book yet - read it!
B00000K31V|5.0|The best movie of its kind.  This movie has actual thought behind its plot, the people putting down this movie dont or cant stand to think that this movie confused them.  Truthfully this movie is not confusing at all.   The effects were not top notch but for what the movie is were perfect for  the plot.  The story is a refreshing breath from the matrix and thirteenth  floor(both very good movies in there own right!)  Definetly see this movie  and form your own opinion but dont(and I mean this about all films too) go  on other peoples opinions
6303022901|5.0|One of my all time favorite &quot;girl&quot; movie
B00000FCBC|5.0|Metallica is the Led Zeppelin of this era.  This album is a must have for all Metallica fans.  Those who enjoy the older material will love it; those who didn't start listening to Metallica until their 1991 album will find it  a priceless addition to their collection.  From Astonomy and Loverman and  Tuesday's Gone from the new stuff to Stone Cold Crazy and Blitzkreig from  the old stuff, this album rocks.  Shame on those Metallica fans who said  they have sold out.  Like a fine wine, they get better with age, composing  works firmly entrenched in blues rock, much like their influences and  predessors (Zeppelin, Sabbath).  To James, Jason, Kirk, and Lars...keep  rocking men!
B00001QGPR|4.0|For all the talk of how many times David Bowie has metamorphosized in the past 30 years, this album made me realize that he really hasn't changed at all.  He's pretty reliable, he's always pretty much the same--and for an old man he has made a pretty good album here.  AND he NEVER gives up. I  mean, if I were him I'd be off in George Harrison seclusion somewhere. I  had traded in my entire Bowie collection and was way over him long  ago,--yes I had listened to &quot;Outside&quot; and &quot;Earthling&quot;  many times, but they both seemed like he was trying way too hard.  I mean,  Trent Reznor (? )..... then a friend of mine reccomended this album and I  have to say I find it pretty enjoyable. I'd like to see Mick Jagger pull  something  like this off.  For all you snob alterna-rockers out there--you  really can't say anything about Ol'David--he pretty much invented  everything you desperately grasp on to and call integrity.  I mean, after  all, it's just entertainment, and yes David Bowie has fallen short many  many times, but somehow he's still here in our faces and he still manages  to somehow keep us interested.  Really the ONLY thing that has really  changed is his hair.  Otherwise he's still the same old David Bowie, and  that's great.  This album also shows us that if he had wanted to rehash the  70's, he could have--he adopts many vocal styles here that we haven't heard  in a long long time.  I don't understand how people call this depressing--I  mean, have you listened to &quot;LOW&quot;?  I think David Bowie really was  the person in rock history to introduce the concept of depression into  music anyhow--however I feel that he also injects a resonating redemption  into most of his melodies so their not so easy to pin down and label.  But,  really, think of all of his contemporaries--Brian Ferry, Brian Eno, Mick  Jagger, Gary Glitter (hehe), and all those he spawned, Devo, Kraftwerk,  Adam Ant, Gary Numan, Simon LeBon, tafka &quot;Prince&quot;, David Byrne,Johnny Lydon the list goes on and on and on---and look at what they're all  doing now--still sort of hanging on, most of them, but somehow shuffled WAY  out  WAY WAY past left field.........lost in management, name changes,  obscure artistic niches, children's shows, guest-spots on sitcoms, some  languishing on the grounds of their English estates for an odd soft-focus  Harpers Bazaar photo shoot here and there with lots of long pieces of sheer  white gauze billowing over their elderly leather clad frames (sorry, I got  lost on a tangent there....)Look out you rock-n-rollers, pretty soon you're  gonna get older.......He has outlasted them all and his vision and voice is  still pretty much unique and intact and still the same. And somehow he's  always a bit underground on on the sidelines---except of course &quot;Let's  Dance&quot;.  But I think he's been punished enough for courting the  &quot;Time&quot; magazine cover fame then--(at least he got it).
0141301066|5.0|This is a story about a very gifted child named Matilda. It's one of the best books I have read. It was very funny, and keeps you at the edge of your seat! While I was reading this book at the library, I couldn't stop myself from laughing. But, it also was very sad in soe parts because I  couldn't believe that Matilda's parents never realized how amazing their  daughter was. This book is full of magic!
B000002MJC|5.0|You will LIKE this album if:<br />1) You don't mind hearing Dave accompanied by an orchestra (some songs)<br />2) You have a tendency to engulf youself in music and it's emotions (really intense feeling on this album)<br />3) You are  able to appreciate change (this album is a total transition from  violator)<br />4) you like music that is meant for more for expression than  the dance floor (unlike Violator which does both but isn't as heavy,  content wise)<br />5) You like a variety of sounds (a lot of the songs on here  are totally different styles from each other, I Feel You is more of a fast  song, more traditional for DM, Condemnation has Gospel singers backing up  Dave (uuuuggghh gospel..., still a favorite of mine though), and One Caress  has an orchstra)<br />6) if you can really get into The Cure, then you're  guarenteed to love this; this album has a similar approach to it's  listeners.<br />That's about it... i love the album personally! Buy it, those  who dislike it must be Realists
0767817486|1.0|The film ,  just taken as a movie is great itself. As for the subject , these kind of things happens in every country so why only blame Turkey? The actors used in the film as Turkish authority are not Turkish which is the  worst part of the movie. If you are going to make film based on a true  story , you must do it properly first! This film could not have achieved  its goal , no , it shows Turkey as Iran which is not. I accept that there  were many things which were wrong in Turkey 20-30 years ago but the film is  especiialy puts Turkey like an Arabian country , all in dust and every  thing.I think Oliver Stone should put his hand on his heart and must think  what he has done 25 years ago.
B0000062GE|5.0|This album is a story of a journey into the depths of the soul and emotions of despair. Yet in the end, the story ends up with the person realizing that he ultimately misses his partner. There's plenty of soul  searching, turning to the darker sides of his personality, wishing for  death, but realising that he does not want to become what he hates. Could  that be hate itself?<br />In a way, it's like listening to a modern version of  some of Edgar Allen Poe's poems, such as The Raven (yes, the one the  Simpsons did in a Treehouse of Terror episode).
0670880728|5.0|Although I have no misconceptions that this book will become a classic or as widely read and acclaimed as other books, but it provided a day of hilarious reading for me. I actually laughed out loud in some sections, and  it was really so true. I reccommend this for someone stil young enough to  enjoy such senseless humor and old enough to understand it.
6305736650|1.0|I hate this movie.  Its not even a movie, more of a waste of time.  I've wasting too much time writing this review already.  THIS IS NOT A CLASSIC! It doesn't even qualify as bad or horrible!  See CITIZEN KANE  a million  times (no really, a million) before you see this one. If I could just leave  all the stars blank, then maybe I  could begin to do it justice.
0802473628|5.0|I have always been one to try to figure people out, especially those closest to me.  A lot of what I find is not in the spoken words, but in their actions and reactions to what life throws at us.  This book has been  a great TOOL in understanding my family and friends.  I not only read it  once, but twice, and even at that I tend to go back to it as a reference  guide.  Sometimes it is frustrating to love someone and not be on the same  page of music they are.  Try out this book to give you a little insight on  the other people so important to you.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Most musicians of Santana's age and experience have fallen into an area where only their true fans will buy their albums, usually on the first day out.  The names Van Morrison and Neil Young, among others, spring to mind.   Their music, despite being top quality is just not popular anymore.   Santana has found a way in his latest release, SUPERNATURAL, to mix his own  latino flair with a more modern feel, thus avoiding a similar collapse into  obscurity. This album is not a true reflection of Santana in the 60's.  If  you want to hear that you should buy his earlier albums, all of which are  inspired but lack a certain quality - lastability.  Every song on this  latest offering has a spanish or carribean feel to it, but at the same time  they all contain electrifying guitar solos.  No other artist has managed to  link these styles successfully, while also creating a link between the  glorious past and the cynical 1990's. An incredible deal of thought has  obviously been put into Supernatural, resulting in a brilliantly produced  CD which you will find yourself listening to in any mood, at any time for  the next 40 years.  And don't be surprised if Santana is still around  then...the guy just can't stop creating amazing music.
B000001IQH|5.0|This CD is one of the gratest ever put out it's not just for punks either any body would love it
B000002BPS|5.0|WHATEVER YOU DO, DO NOT BE PUT OFF THE OFFSPRING BY HALF-BAKED ALBUMS SUCH AS AMERICANA AS THAT IS MOSTLY POP-TYPE SONGS. BUT THIS IS BRILLIANT!, IMEAN THE BRILLIANCE OF &quot;GONE AWAY&quot; IS ENOUGH TO MAKE YOU CRY,  &quot;AMAZED&quot; IS A GREAT SONG AS TELLS YOU TO BE YOUR OWN  PERSON,&quot;MOTA&quot;AND &quot;THE MEANING OF LIFE&quot; ARE ALSO TWO  REASONS TO BUY THIS AND YOU SHOULD DO SO ,ITS ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT, IF YOU  EVER GET TWO BUY A PUNK-ROCK ALBUM THIS DECADE BUY &quot;SMASH&quot;AND  THIS, YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!
B00004R99F|5.0|I have enjoyed this movie countless times: It displays a wonderful father son relationship, as well as a touching story between Max and Roxanne's relationship with its ups and downs. Filled with great music, and some neat  moves by Goofy and Max, it's sure to become a classic. I love it...Mike
B00000DHRZ|4.0|this is the album which got me into the offspring and i loved until i heard &quot;smash&quot;,&quot;ignetion&quot;and &quot;ixnay&quot; whichare all way better.truth is your gonna get very bored of this very quick.if it  is your first album of the offspring then you will love it but otherwise i  think you will be dissappointed.
B000031XCR|4.0|This album was definitely not the greatest of all her albums.The first four english albums&quot;Unison&quot;, her self-titled release, &quot;Colour of my love&quot;, and &quot;Falling into you&quot; were the  best, because not only did she sing with the power, but she sang without  the nasal sound.I think she just may be getting too old for this, I enjoy a  couple songs on the new album, The best songs are &quot;If walls could  talk&quot;, and &quot;Live for the one You Love.&quot;I still can't believe  she is leaving showbusiness, good luck!
0780627024|1.0|I went into this movie with an open mind ... I had heard so many good things about it.<br />What a complete waste of film! Calling it a piece of &quot;art&quot; is utter nonsense ... the whole thing seemed like a senior  film project ... senior in high school!<br />...for all you people who think  this is one of the best movies ever made, why don't you go watch Jurassic  Park or Titanic ... I'm sure those are at the top of your list as  well.<br />The one star is for the two good things in the movie: William H.  Macy and the special effects.
0684833395|5.0|After I read this book I had to expand my list of best comedy books from four to five - to Ilf&amp;Petrov Twelve Chairs, Jaroslav Hasek &quot;Brave Soldier Schvejk&quot;, Jerome K. Jerome's &quot;Three in a boat&quot; and  Douglas Adams's &quot;HitchHiker&quot; this book had to be added. It's  extremely funny and utterly insane. <br />I must add that being a retired  Israeli Air Force HQ officer makes me enjoy the book even more since some  of the developments described I have witnessed in likewise form in live.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I was watching the Grammys the other night, and Diana sung a song with two other people.  What was the song, and where can I find it?
B000002I25|5.0|Albums weren't the main vehicle for artists back in the sixties.  Seargeant Pepper's allegedly changed alot of that.  However, another recording that had its hand in attracting listeners to rock n roll records  was the debut Doors album.  Before or since there has not been a musical  group quite like the Doors.  I'm not saying that no band has ever exceeded  them in recording brilliance but the overall sound has yet to be  duplicated.  This sound was considered so unique because of Ray Manzarek's  serial organ playing.  The keyboards are the focal point of the Doors  sound.  Not that Robbie Kreiger's guitar was a mere minor part of the Doors  sound, his solos and rhythms are quite excellent, but Ray's keyboard  playing just takes you into another world.  The intro to the classic Light  My Fire is just mind blowing.  The haunting tones to Take It As It Comes  and Crystal Ship are simply mesmerizing.  And the re-working of Alabama  Song sounds beyond modern.  And this was recorded in 1967.  We can not  forget Jim Morrison.  The voice and poetry just kicks the whole sound home.  Its shame he could not live forever.  Or at least another decade or so.  Lord knows where the Doors would have headed.  Oh.. and John Densmore was a  pretty cool drummer.  Although The End is a bit overrated, it does discuss  things that never were approached before and that's fairly interesting to  say the least.  Anyway, this disc belongs in any classic rock collection.
0345409671|3.0|First the good then the bad - This book was difficult to put down after chapter 10. I come from a religious background and believe in God and the devil but abandoned organized religion. Many of Memnoch's feelings about  God's relationship to humanity (aloof indifference) and Christianity  reflect my feelings at times (and I'm quite sure many others). This is what  drew me in and kept me captivated. I found the spin on the devil to be very  ambitious and creative (though a bit farfetched). Also, Rice's historical  depiction was very accurate down to the details of Roman crucifixion.   <br />However on the flipside, the first 9 chapters were a complete bore and  waste of 200 pages. Roger, Dora and Willie were totally uninteresting  characters. The scene where Lestat fed off Dora was very graphic and  unnecessary. Also, what was the significance of Lestat feeding off Christ?  Why kill Armand (he was my favorite character)? Finally, I was left  wondering, what did Memnoch mean when he said &quot;My thanks to you for a  job perfectly done&quot;? Is this because Lestat loved him and hated God? I  wonder if Memnoch's story was a bunch of lies (just like Lestat). Maybe,  this mystery was Rice's purpose but it's frustrating just the same.<br />Next  read is The Vampire Armand - I sure hope Rice resurrects him somehow.
B000001FDK|4.0|Boy I tell you that some of those comments by Mr. Maxx are totally Off The Wall.  Go to any party where a VARIETY of MUSIC is being played and you are quite likely to hear a song from this soundtrack. I'm not talking about the  Noisefests called rap, punk, or heavy metal parties which for the most part  barely qualify as music. There is good music from all decades(although the  sixties and seventies rule if you must compare!)  There are just so many  great catchy bouncy songs which many are rooted in the fifties but  performed with a seventies flair.  Usually Movie Soundtracks have a couple  of good songs and are mostly filler.  This one has quality at every corner.  Travolta's singing is not great but its passable.  We all know John is  better known for his acting ability.  Anyway, this record is for main  stream pop/rock n roll fans.  Hip Hoppers, Metalheads, Punkers, and Maxie's  should probably avoid this.  Ah Max Man I'm only playing with you, buddy.  Don't take me so seriously!  Look, I gave you your own style of music and  some of your taste's are OK!
B00002ND77|5.0|Malcolm X was a great man who influenced millions through his teachings and words.  This film does him justice, beautifully acted with a witty and intelligent screenplay - this is a must see for anyone.  The ending is most  tender with Nelson Mandela telling the next generation about Mr.X and how  he taught our society to be more humane towards others.  When the credits  started to roll I felt all warm and teary eyed, evidence for a perfect  film.
B0000025T6|3.0|You really have to be in the right mood for this recording.  Dreary song after dreary song about despair, serial killers, death, and tough moments.  Intermixed is some reminiscing of good times, but the overall mood is a  very dark one indeed.  The songs are well written the performance is quite  good.  Just the subject matter after a while can get you in a down mood.   As for me I listen to it once in a great while but you all have to no your  tolerance of the bleak and down trodden.
0767802519|5.0|The blend of a fast-paced film, mixed in with a fantastic musical score and a story awash with imagery and emotions has made Leon/The Professional my favorite movie of all time.  It was seriously under-rated in the USA,  probably because of the erratic story (you have to see the Director's Cut  to understand fully) and the sexual imagery of Mathilda, which most of the  critics misunderstood.  I that is a shame because a lot of people have  missed out from seeing this truly moving picture.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Finally the only 90's album that impresses ! A must hear for all those like me who're still stuck on to the 60's and seventies. There're peices which can be remnicental of the jazz days, the blues, the classic rock and  for once rap too ! Guitar work blended excellently throughout all the  places and a definitive Carlos 'Devadeep' Santana signature on each one of  the popular music trends of the century. Coming so, in the last year of the  century, truly amazing culmination of the musical creativity of 100 years.
B000002HMH|2.0|This is my second time submitting a review for this album. Apparently a rather inflammatory word that I used to describe the band set off an alarm bell with the Amazon censors (it starts with a &quot;w&quot; but is  pronounced as &quot;h&quot;) so I'll try to tone it down this time  around.<br />Let me say right off that, as a 32 year old fan who worshipped  this band almost from their inception, when I first saw the back cover  photo, I really thought these guys were pulling some twisted joke. After  all, Metallica were a band as renowned for their often brutal admonishment  of pop music and recording industry cliches as their music...which in  hindsight I have to declare as the single most influential sound of the  '80s. But I concede: judging a band on appearance is truly mindless and  pathetic. Granted, the band look like morons; big, bloated self-important  rock stars (I didn't watch the Grammys, did they use their speech to  champion all the latest politically correct causes?) completely  out-of-touch with their long-time fans.<br />All this wouldn't be so bad if  the music retained even part of it's epic grandeur, but no, much like Def  Leppard's last few, this is calculated, over-produced, watered-down  corporate hard rock, a mere shadow of it's former self. It's the sad result  of becoming too big and having too much slobbering praise heaped upon your  shoulders...after a while, you start to believe all of it.<br />But what I  really find most exasperating has been the public's general reaction to all  of this. I don't wish to offend anyone here, but I really do believe that  there are some Metallica fans who will buy anything and everything that  this band puts out and say it's the greatest thing ever. Here's a question:  if you really like, say, their attempts at a southern rock song, do you  really need to hear it from Metallica? This band showed the world something  truly valuable: that if enough people like what you do, even if it seems  totally unfathomable, you WILL succeed, becomes success will come to YOU,  rather than you having to sell your soul to come to IT. Has the band itself  grew to ignore it's own message?<br />&quot;What doth it profit a man who  inherits the entire world and loseth his own soul?&quot; I have a feeling  Metallica will eventually be forced to ask themselves that very  question...and I, for one, don't want to be in the same room when it  happens.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I love this song! It is SO worth buying the whole CD just for the song &quot;My Weakness&quot;. I first heard it on the X-files (you gotta love this show.) and, well, all you can say is WOW! Moby is so talented! WOW!  Buy it now if you're in for some great music. (Especially this song!)
6303567126|5.0|i think this movie was one of the best movies i have ever seen. if you dont believe that drugs are very harmfull, then you need to see this movie. this is a true story and it has great actors and actresses in it that make  it seem real to. i would no doubt about it give this movie 5 stars because  i love action movies that are true so therefor i love this movie. if you  lke movies that teach a lesson then this is your movie.
B000002BYD|5.0|This amazingly Beatlesque CD probably ranks among the best rock and roll albums of at least the last decade.  It reminds this 40sh reviewer of the Beatles &quot;White Album&quot; a bit with its numerous sound effects and a  few song fragments here and there.  Pearl Jam is a group I know I would  have listened to when I was in College, if they'd been around then!  Ed  Vedder's got the best modern voice in rock and roll; he is great with  mellow tunes, as well as a great screamer.  Lyrically, the band keeps one  interest; plenty of bits of interesting philosophy and religious criticism  here for those who are interested.  But even if you ignore the lyrics, the  music stands out.  I prefer the ballads (In Hiding; Wishlist), but the rock  and roll is great too.   This CD sounds like it could have been released in  the late 60s, with all its Beatlesque overtones...
B00002ND77|5.0|There have been many engaging and watchable biography movies, but most biography movies are flawed and never quite achieve the what I would consider greatness as a film.  Malcolm X is the exception.  This is both a  totally egaging biographical story of a great and complicated man's epic  life AND a great film.  Spike Lee is in top form here.  For that matter, so  is Washington, who is absolutely convincing as Malcolm X, as if he has  channelled Malcolm's spirit.  In fact, Lee brings career-best performances  out of a lot of actors in this film.  Don't miss it.
B000000XCK|5.0|I know all of CCR's music and rank this often-overlooked CD right up there with their best (&quot;Willie and the Poorboys&quot;, &quot;Green River&quot;). The instrumental jams of &quot;Pagan Baby&quot; are among the  very best in the annals of Rock 'n Roll. The drumming, also, is  unparalleled. The superb balled &quot;Hideaway&quot; is, perhaps, one of  John Fogarty's best pieces of songwriting and vocalizing, but seems to have  become ABF (all but forgotten). Even though Fogarty has become completely  uncool as he ages (like so many great former songwriters--witness Elton  John}, his music lives on and crosses the generations like Beatles  music--my kids love CCR! May they NEVER become ABF!
B000002KB8|5.0|This recording has always been my favorite album by this group. The extended jams are great, and the production is terrific. I later read this was accomplished with an analog four-track tape recorder by a first-time  engineer in only twelve hours. You have to give credit-- this is great art.  I love &quot;Paranoid&quot; but this is even better in my opinion. The  remastered CD sounds great by the way-- much louder and bassier than the  tinny original CD release.
B0000025YL|5.0|This could be Accept's best album. The music is fast, ultra-agressive, technically advanced &quot;power metal.&quot; Wolf Hoffmann is one of the best guitarists ever. Udo Dirkschneider's shrieked vocals also sound  perfect for this record. The best songs here are &quot;Fast As A  Shark,&quot; &quot;Shake Your Heads,&quot; &amp; the title song. Also, the  ending of the last song is one of the more unique endings for a record!  Highly recommended!
B00000DFTG|2.0|I'm not going to tell you this album completely sucks, because it doesn't. There are moments on this album (particularly &quot;Electric Funeral&quot; and &quot;N.I.B.&quot;) where Sabbath sounds great, they really shine. But  what I really wanted to hear on this album was Sabbath playing their songs  live. Ozzy ruins things with his constant between-lines banter and crowd  participation schtick. Unfortunately the sound is not the pristine and  heavy outing you would expect, sounding more like the first-time studio  meanderings of my idiot cousin. The drums just sound awful, though Iommi's  guitar is tolerable. When Ozzy's not encouraging people to clap in time or  stopping the show in order to record the audience singing along, the music  is alright. Why don't I love this album like their first six? All right  listen-- Sabbath are getting tired. Shh. Listen to the way the riffs have  changed, how certain parts are simplified. It certainly blew me away. This  is a poor effort from a lineup of musicians I have always respected. The  two new studio tracks were laughable. I can't believe I'm saying this about  an album by the original Black Sabbath, but here it is-- save your money.
B0000027FQ|5.0|The Epic version of this album omits &quot;Neon Nights,&quot; &quot;Burning,&quot; &quot;Head Over Heels,&quot; and &quot;Bound To Fail,&quot; the first three of which are some of the best songs on the  album! Grr! Even so, this is an awesome live album. It is much better than  their newer live album (variously titled &quot;All Areas,&quot; &quot;The  Final Chapter,&quot; &amp; &quot;Farewell Live&quot;) on which there is no  2nd guitarist. The best songs here are &quot;Breaker,&quot; &quot;Fast As A  Shark,&quot; &quot;Balls To The Wall,&quot; &amp; the 4m29s guitar solo! Be  sure to get the BMG/RCA version if you can find it.
B000020617|5.0|Pull your 1967 AMC Rambler off to the side of the road and crank up the volume on this bad boy!Oh Yeah!  Need music to just rock out to around the pad? This is it! &quot;Stacked Actors&quot; almost has a &quot;Doors&quot;  type quality to it....at first....then the cd just picks up speed from  there! The album does excellant,right up to &quot;Next Year&quot;,then it  struggles a little.It doesn't kill the ambiance of the cd,but it gets  alittle sketchy at that point. This one runs a very close #2 to &quot;The  Colour &amp; The Shape&quot;,I say this only because,once I put on  &quot;The Colour...&quot; I have to listen to the WHOLE thing! I can pick  and choose a little easier with &quot;There Is Nothing Left To Lose&quot;.  It's still worth having. If you've only heard the single &quot;Learn To  Fly&quot;,you've only scratched the surface! Personal faves include:  &quot;Breakout&quot;,&quot;Learn To Fly&quot;,&quot;Stacked  Actors&quot;,&quot;Generator&quot;,&quot;Gimme Stitches&quot; and  &quot;Live-In Skin&quot;. Another bonus on this cd,is all the extra encoded  material,which seems to be the way of the future,included are:The  Lyrics,Photographs,Some silly video clips,and The Video for &quot;Learn To  Fly&quot; (A Brilliant idea! ). If you liked the FOOs before,you'll like  'em even more!
B00000263T|4.0|This album isn't quite as good as most of Accept's albums, but it's still quite good. Although this album is overproduced, there are still saome great songs such as (this one has some of the best lyrics in a hard rock  song ever!) &quot;Wrong Is Right,&quot; &quot;Midnight Mover,&quot;  &quot;Up To The Limit,&quot; &amp; the title song. The album cover looks  neat also.
B00002E233|5.0|best action adventure of the new millineum,if u dont watch this one your really missing something..i thougHt it would be a jaws remake and i was expecting to be disapointed. this movie deserves every award possible. it  has humor  the parrot and the cook are great.   it has  terror..  climbing  to freedom.. great..special effects.  well the sharks come at u fast and if  u think u need the slow shark attack... well u dont..if i could give it 6  stars i would..
B0000025YW|5.0|On BTTW, Accept rerturned to a more melodic style, but not quite as melodic as their first album. The best songs here are &quot;London Leatherboys,&quot; the title track, &quot;Fight It Back,&quot; &amp;  &quot;Love Child.&quot; This album is kind of a transition between  &quot;Restless &amp; Wild&quot; &amp; their next 3 albums.
0345350499|5.0|Bradley made a beautiful work writing this book. The characters are alive, and I really liked them.  I loved the book so much I read it already 3 times since I bought him (and it was last year). I recommend it gladly and  say that Gwenhwyfar is the best of all there! AMAZING!
B000002672|5.0|With this album, Accept returned to the sound from their album from two years before, &quot;Balls To The Wall.&quot; The best songs are the title song, &quot;Monsterman,&quot; &quot;TV War,&quot; &amp; (this one has a  cool title) &quot;Man Enough To Cry.&quot; Unfortunately, singer Udo  Dirkschneider would leave the band after this album, although he did return  in the 90s &amp; record some good albums with Accept such as &quot;Death  Row&quot; (which is _the most aggressive_ album that I've ever heard, sadly  it seems to be out of print now!) &amp; &quot;Objection Overruled&quot;  (with the song &quot;I Don't Wanna Be Like You,&quot; possibly the best  rock anthem ever!)
0784010188|5.0|Terminator was one amazing movie back in the 80's. Even though the movie was a low budget one, we see Cameron in his prime, directing at his best wih whatever material he possesses. Very well written and very good effects  for the time. But when T2 came out, everybody expected Arnold to reprise  his role as the assassin and when things seem to reverse themselves with  the first famous &quot;Get Down!&quot; of the movie, we know that we are in  for amazing ride. The ILM effects team went overboard and it was worth it.  Not only did they create a visual smorgasboard of the most amazing special  effects of 1991, they also helped to raise the standards of special effects  to what they are at present. The movie itself is very satisfying, great  action leading to a fantastic showdown in the steel mill. I recommend it to  anybody who hasn't already seen it.
B00000JCB2|2.0|Rap-rock, whatever you call it. The album is filled with profanity and it is mostly pop and rap. The perfect antidote is any of the early albums by Iron Maiden. Many of you who are into Limp Bizkit were probably born when  Iron Maiden was at their peak and doing a lot of touring. Now is a perfect  time to rediscover &quot;real&quot; heavy metal and I recommend anything by  Iron Maiden as a perfect antidote to this corruption of heavy metal music  by rap. Metal is definitely making a come back.
6303614493|5.0|This movie has GREAT special effects!  There is even GREAT acting!  You'll watch this movie over and over again! Get this movie!  But DO NOT get Casper:Spirit of Beggining!
6305537798|5.0|When I watched this film I wasn't expecting it to be too brilliant. but I absoloutely loved it. it was hilarious and heath ledger was great. the acting was really good. and the great thing about it was the teenage  characters were played by real teenagers. Kat and Biancas dad was really  funny
B00000J6AG|4.0|When I first heard Natural Blues on the radio I thought to myself, &quot;Now hear is something that will keep me from doing 100 in the 55 zone on my daily 45 mile commute to school.&quot;  I was a bit worried about  ordering the CD because I already have plenty of house, techno and trance  music, but nothing with a slow steady rythm.  Thankfully most of this album  is exactly that.  I really fo enjoy it on those long lonesome drives.  I  would recommend something else if you do want to dance though.
1570427496|1.0|I read this book because a student of mine loaned it to me after urging me to read it. I cannot believe this Nicholas Sparks is a published writer. The book is maudlin, trite, melodramatic, completely unbelievable, poorly  written, and utterly contrived. . .I can't believe I just spent two hours  of a perfectly good Sunday morning plowing through this book! It is so  formulaic that if a student of mine had written it for a creative writing  assignment, he would have received a grade of no higher than a C at the  most. I am shuddering with revulsion as I type! If you think Harlequin  Romances and Danielle Steele books are great literature, you will love this  book. Otherwise, stay away! You have been warned!<br />By the way, no  discerning reader cares by the end of the book if Jamie is really alive or  not. You're just so angry and turned off because Nicholas Sparks has been  trying so heavy-handedly to manipulate your emotions! (And failing quite  miserably, may I add).
B00003CWL5|5.0|American Beauty is a wonderful film: great script, great direction, great acting, great soundtrack. It is one of the best movies I've seen in a long time, and perhaps my favorite movie ever. Everyone should see this movie!
B000020617|3.0|This cd contains many very good tracks, and also contains a few obviously &quot;filler tracks.&quot;  While I must admit that I was initially disappointed by the newly found mellowness of the Foo Fighters, many of  their slow songs are quite well done.<br />Let me reiterate the point that  this is by no means a bad album, and is actually a very good album.   However, I would reccomend Millencolin's &quot;Pennybridge Pioneers&quot;  for those who preferred the more punk/melodic sound of &quot;The Colour and  the Shape&quot;, Third Eye Blind's &quot;Blue&quot; or self-titled release  for those looking for a similar (yet better) sound than TNLTL, or the  extremely unheralded and critically unacclaimed &quot;Adore&quot; from the  Smashing Pumpkins for those quiet moments of &quot;pop introspection.&quot;
B00003CWL5|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies ever. It is a powerful masterpeice that captures the heart and the mind through characters we can all relate to. If you have not seen this movie, you are missing one of the best films ever  made.
6304711891|4.0|&quot;The Rock&quot; is a very solid action movie, it could have been better but it also could have been alot worse. The reason this movie is good is because it has interresting characters. For this film to be really  appreciated though it must be seen on a big screen.
B000023VR6|5.0|this is one of the dopest albums ive ever heard.  eminem lights up a couple of tracks (forgot about dre &amp; whats the difference), and dre brings snoop back to highlight some songs like still D.R.E. and the next  episode.  when i bought this album i thought itd be like a 3, maybe a 4,  but this is the best album in my collection, along w/the source v.3
0792156684|5.0|Come on people! What's with all this &quot;Titanic&quot; backlash? This is a great movie that will stand the test of time. It is true the movie is not the best ever but it is a great movie. I highly reccomend this movie.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Man..Carlos makes me so proud.  I saw him play at the Filmore in San Francisco a few years back and unlike so many younger bands man.. he and the music are one!
B000001ESF|4.0|What can I say?  This is one of Rush's greatest prog-rock albums!  Great songs like the title cut, A Passage To Bangkok, and others.  The reason I give it 4 stars is because I'm not all that fond of Lessons.  Don't get me  wrong, I thought it was OK, but just not quite up to par with the rest of  the songs.  All comments aside, this is an excellent album and one of  Rush's greatest 1970s albums.  Buy it, you will not be disappointed.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|Its a good thing that you can't wear out a CD from playing it too much!  I can't get enough!  Master Phil is a percussionist deluxe and this collection of his greatest lend themselves to his genius.  His rendition of  True Colors is the best I've heard.  I Wish It Would Rain Down tugs at my  heart.  The background vocals and orchestral arrangements are magnificent.  This one lends itself to listening with headphones to catch every nuance of  the arrangements.  Thanks Phil!
0804198969|4.0|This book was great even though at points in the book it seemed confusing.I think if amy tan wrote the Daughters and mothers stories back to back it wouldn't be as confusing. she could of wrote one family at a  time but i guess she might have had a reason for writing it that way. The  book was very descriptive and sympathetic. at the beginning junes mother  had to give up her too babies so she would not die next to them, because  who would pick up two babies knowing that a ghost mother will follow them  around.that was the best thing she could do because she did not think she  could make it. The beginning just showed how much junes mother had to give  up in china for a better life.All of the mothers gave up some part of their  lives to better their childrens and families lives. So it was a very great  book and the movie just kind of cut out some great parts of the book that  they should of used to make the movie better.
B00000J7J4|2.0|My apologies to all of you who may worship this CD but there is much better stuff out there. With the exception of the incredibly-overplayed single, &quot;Smooth&quot; this album is an absolute bore with nothing but  a smattering of light Latin pop tunes.  THIS IS NOT ROCK!  If you are rock  fan, then don't bother buying this. The Red Hot Chili Peppers put out a  fantastic album this year (Californication) and should have received more  awards than they did; as should have many other artists. The Recording  Academy is a poor judge of music and always likes to make Grammy night a  one-man show. If you have not bought this CD yet, then may I recommend that  you do not. Don't get sucked into the Grammy hype; buy what you know is  truly good music.
B00003TL49|5.0|After someone stole my original copy of &quot;When The Pawn,&quot; I decided to by the complete import to see if the reviews of &quot;Across The Universe&quot; were correct.  I am happy to say they are.  Fiona Apple  really puts everything into what she sings, even if the lyrics are not her  own.  &quot;Arcross The Universe&quot; is worth the extra money.  Of  course, if you already have the CD without the extra tracks, just buy the  cheaper of the imports...you will be getting the same thing all in all.
B000002GF8|4.0|All Police albums are notoriously patchy affairs and this was a golden opportunity to bow out with a truly great album. Afterall what could go wrong: they had a pile of cracking singles, a sprinkling of equally fine  album tracks, and some great muscianship. <br />Unfortunately it is the  handful of weaker numbers that let it down: 'Mother' is jaw-droppingly  awful and makes you grateful that CD players have skip functions; 'Miss  Gradenko' sounds like a poor B-side and even Sting manages to contribute  the dreary 'O My God'.<br /> The rest , however, is excellent and certainly  makes this album worth purchasing. In fact it is the overall quality of the  rest of the album that makes the aforementioned low points so difficult to  bear.  Almost (but not quite) a classic.
B0000041TD|5.0|This CD has been in my collection for 10 years and has become a part of my life.  Out of the thousands of cd's in my collection, it is the one I treasure the most and the one I play most often. This CD actually began my  love affair with opera. It is the definitive recording of the most beloved  and popular musical/stage works of all time.  When I realized that the  recording was made in 1972, I could not believe it.  The sound quality has  a remarkable intensity and spaciousness that you simply do not get with  today's digital recordings.  This is one of the very few classical  recordings that has been engineered to perfection.  It is often cited in  magazines and CD reviews as a landmark recording.<br />I'm only in my twenties  now, but I know that I will still be playing this CD and smiling when I'm  80.  Truly- one the greatest recordings ever put on disc.  The opera  contains some of the most beautiful and lyrical melodies ever created.  Also, do not forget to purchase the Pavoratti, Freni, and Karajan recording  of Madame Butterfly, also a landmark recording.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I'M SO HAPPY THAT SANTANA'S TIME HAS COME... AND .I'M SO GLAD THAT HE GOT HIS VICTORY..... HE IS THE MAN ......I'M SO PROUD OF HIM.... VIVA LA RAZA!
B00000J7J4|1.0|This is what happens when you take ego-centric music executives and a classic rock icon, whip up a few million dollars in marketing, and spit it out to the public.  A package of songs that are neither sung nor written by  the person whose name appears on the album.  If it were not for the powers  that be in the music industry, this would be just another tribute album  that would soon be dusty from sitting too long on the shelf.  While  &quot;Smooth&quot; is a bonafide hit, none of the other songs on this  compilation come even close.  It's a shame that Carlos has to be a puppet  of the music industry's corporate marketing strategies.  With the exception  of his guitar solos, nothing on this album has either the spirit or soul of  Carlos Santana.  Although, it's nice to see his peers finally recognize his  contributions to music.
B000002KH3|5.0|WOW!You know, I may only be 15 years old, but I can appreciate this album. Eddie's guitar playing is so awesome! He is the most innovative, off the wall, freestyle shred guitarist I have ever heard, and I've heard a lot  (Yngwie  Malmsteem,Marty Friedman, etc) This is the album that has inspired  me most to play the guitar, and it's inspired me so much that I can pretty  much nail all the solos on this disc. trust me, that was hard.David Lee  Roth is a complete madman, I love Michael's swingin bass playing, and  Alex's drumming is sweet. Buy this album, I put it up  there with albums  like &quot;Are You Experienced&quot;, and &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, as  a testament to what awesome things you can do with an electric guitar. BUY  IT!
6305750750|5.0|But its easy to see why some people were disappointed with it.  After sixteen years, a lot of fans and critics were expecting the end-all of all summer action movies.  And by that standard, the movie does come up a  little short.  The bad guys are shadowy at best and their motives are  unclear; the good guys never really seem to be in any great danger.<br />But  evaluated on its own terms, the Phantom Menace is a very good movie.   Subtle, understated, sometimes a little slow, the movie sets up the  characters and relationships that will drive the next five films.   Storywise, the film is apparently simple - the resolution of a trade  dispute between a peaceful planet and a greedy trade federation.  But many  fans will recognize this conflict for what it is - the end of the Republic,  the beginning of the Empire, and the prelude to the Rebellion of the first  three Star Wars movies.  In a lot of ways the movie plays like the Hobbit,  a childrens story which sets the groundwork for a much larger and darker  tale.<br />The films visuals help to contribute to its storybook feel.   Brighter and more colorful, with more creatures, ships and planets than  ever before, this is easily the best looking Star Wars film ever.  Unlike a  lot of films, with a sprinkling of effects,- a cool alien, a cool shot,  here and there - the Phantom Menace washes the viewer in another galazy.   At times it can feel overwhelming, a little distracting from the story, but  by the end, you really feel you had visited a much different place.  Dont  listen to the people complaining about corny dialogue and flat characters.   Star Wars tells its story with visuals and the Phantom Menace delivers.
0201633612|4.0|we are in the women ready clothes production line and we are looking for a supplier of women clothes fashion design program, please advice the ability of providing such program
1881273156|5.0|I am an avid reader of self-help books, this was by far the best, easy to implement and understand books I have ever read.  I was not over whelmed, wondering where to begin, it's principles are easy and straight forward,  and I am sure will be productive!
6305078491|1.0|Wait for a Criterion release (or equivalent). This is a very poor quality DVD- especially evident given the strength and creativity of Dreyer's original material. The subtitles in large gothic script are extremely  annoying. The only haunting feeling one has from viewing this DVD is that  of being robbed by Image Entertainment.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|I am only 14, but I know my music. And this is GOOD music. This cd is one the best one I own, so take my word for it, it's good. Get it.
0449911357|5.0|This great American classic deals with many of the important issues in Southern Alabama from the 1920s to 1980s.  Idgie is a true hero in this novel, which explores her repect for the African American population, her  family, and her true love for another woman.  A novel that makes you cry  and laugh, while contemplating your own life as well.  I recommend it for  anyone, male and female, that has ever felt a little different or alone.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Absolutely, positively NO, you should not buy this awful piece of trash! The success of this CD was pure hype and marketing, because the music alone is enough to make you want to vomit. It seems they just built up their  &quot;cool&quot; image, and now everyone wants to join the laughable  &quot;heavy revolution&quot; of Korn, LB, Kid Rock, and other pretenders.  And contrary to popular belief, Limp is not &quot;here to stay&quot;,  because the majority of their fanbase is into the newest, shiniest thing on  the market (which they are right now), and when rap-metal becomes pass,  &quot;fans&quot; will leave this quartet out to dry. It's the same pitfall  many pop groups have fallen into: when's the next Spice Girls album coming  out? Or the new Hanson?  Anyway, back to the actual album: it blows. Hard.  The songs are all very repetitive, with little, if any, musical talent  being displayed by the bandmates. The poor playing is complimented  perfectly with Durst's trite, unimaginitive lyrics and cheesy delivery  thereof. The only possible saving grace of this CD is that it's catchy, but  that just doesn't cut it for me. There is no depth of lyrics or complexity  of music that makes me want to come back for more. Ever.
B000002H97|1.0|the best metallica album, i think all of the songs are great i listen to it night and day.
B00000IPAX|5.0|All of the songs in Enema of the State are good except for maybe two of them.  It is a great CD.  In most CD's the only good songs are the popular ones, but not in Enema of the State.  I rated it 5 stars because it is an  excellent CD and I think the CD deserves 5 stars for all of the good songs.
B000002HRE|4.0|i simply cannot believe that people dont like this album...i love it. fuel is one of the best metallica songs ever. ill admit that this album doesnt compare to the black album, but it is great. just remember, hair does make  music.
B000003BD3|5.0|DON'T GET ME WRONG THE STONES ARE GREAT BUT THIS WAS THE WHO'S BIG BREAKOUT THAT NEVER WAS. THEY DID THEIR THING AND PROVED THAT ALL THOSE GROUPS LIVE COULD NOT COME CLOSE TO THE WHO. THE LENNON CLAPTON RICHARDS  GROUPINGWAS GREAT TO. THATS PEOBLY THEY NEVER RELEASED IT SEEING JOHN  PLAYING W/OUT THE BEATLES AND PROBLY AT THAT TIME THE BEATLES WEREN'T EVEN  TOGETHER BUT CO EXISTED. BUT ALL IN ALL A GREAT ALBUM.
B000002H97|5.0|the best metallica album, i think all of the songs are great i listen to it night and day.
630562285X|3.0|This is an OK movie, but it could have been much better. The plot is plausible and the dialogue is not as good as other similar films. The action scenes are nice and exciting, but never get you 100% involved. Sean  Connery is getting to old for this, and I don't buy that a woman like  Catherine Zeta Jones Would fall for a guy as old as Connery's character.  Zeta Jones turns in a surprisingly good performance and Connery makes the  most of his natural charm. The movie could have been much better, but it's  not bad either, rent it first. If you like 'heist' films I recommend 'The  Asphalt Jungle' or 'Topkaki'. From a scale of 1-10 I give it a 6!
B000002UA2|5.0|A Great Work of Pink Floyd, even good enough to be the soundtrack to the movie &quot;The Valley Obscured By Clouds&quot; directed by Barbet Schroder about these explorers who come to New Guinea to find a certain valley  obscured by clouds. During the time in which they try to find it, they all  have a certain spiritual and sexual revelation. Featuring 10 songs that are  really in tune with the movie. <br />The opening instrumental track  &quot;Obscured By Clouds&quot; featuring some spooky slide guitar, with  wierd synthesizer. <br />The second track, instrumental as well, is called  &quot;When You're In&quot;. It sounds much like a continuation to  &quot;Obscured By Clouds&quot;.<br />The 3rd Track, &quot;Burning  Bridges&quot;, is sung by Dave Gilmour and Rick Wright. This song is  perfect to go with this album.<br />&quot;The Gold Is In The...&quot; is short  song, but some real good guitar work from Dave Gilmour.<br />&quot;Wots...Uh  The Deal&quot; is a variation between rock &amp; roll, and country music.  Very good acoustic guitar.<br />&quot;Mudmen&quot; is much like a repeat  instrumental performance of &quot;Burning  Bridges&quot;.<br />&quot;Childhood's End&quot; is a very good tune. It's  weird to say, but &quot;Childhood's End&quot; sounds much like Dark Side Of  The Moon's &quot;Time&quot;.<br />&quot;Free Four&quot; is the only song sung  by Roger Waters. It has some of that weird synthesizer from &quot;Obscured  By Clouds&quot;.<br />&quot;Stay&quot; is a very mellow song, but good. Sung  By Rick Wright. This should of been the last song on the album  and...<br />&quot;Absolutely Curtains&quot; should of just been left out,  because it only has keyboard sounds, and ends with some weird people  singing this french song. What ever you do, do not listen to this song. But  the rest of the album is good. Buy the album, and check out the video page  of &quot;The Valley Obscured By Clouds&quot;.
6305784116|5.0|Don't get me wrong--the Aristocats is not Disney's best animated movie.  It's not the worst, either, but it is a classic.  I have one general rule for Disney:  BUY-IT. If you wait, you may miss it and you'll be sorry you  did.  Perhaps not this year, but since Disney waits such a long time  between releasing its classics, you can't afford to miss one.<br />The  Aristocats are loveable, the villian is perhaps a bit weak (I don't have  the desire to annihilate him), but the friends that the cats make during  their trip make the movie fun and more than entertaining.
B000021Y74|5.0|WHAT A GREAT PIECE OF FILMAKING, I rented this movie on a recommendation from this guy at the video store, I was weary, because I don't watch foriegn films that often, but now that I watched it, I'm glad I did, it's a  fastpaced, fun, adrenaline pumping ride, that uses logic, not violence,  great acting, great writing, great editing, and great directing,  this film  deserves an oscar, If you like fast paced, Kinetic, eclectic movies, rent  Run Lola Run!
B000003S5H|5.0|Easily one of the finest albums ever.  Seriously, this is up there with Floyd's &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; and The Beach Boys' &quot;Pet Sounds.&quot;  Enough has been written about this album to demonstrate its  virtuosity, so I will say one thing:  &quot;Get this album, and play it  when you are in any mood, you cannot go wrong.&quot;
B0000029DD|5.0|Jeff Buckley has created here a masterpiece to stand out among American music for decades.  His raw, emotional music combined with his hauntingly beautiful voice draws in the listener and captivates him/her for the entire  album.  Last Goodbye, Halleluah, and Lover Should've Come Over are three of  my all time favorite songs.  I highly recommend this album to anyone who  can appreciate truly amazing music.
B00000K19E|5.0|I don't know how useful this review will be to you but let me tell you this: Star Wars looked like a muppet parade compared to the mind blowing Matrix.  <br />For those who think that the film is about a computer hacker;  it is not.  This film asks a very philosophical question: &quot;What is  real?&quot; And the answer is given in a neat way that is almost  believable.<br />Additionally, I straggled to find flaws or continuation  errors in this film.  Perfect.  And for those who think that the film  actually had flows, they simply weren't paying enough attention.<br />Don't  fool yourselves, you have to see this film at least 3 times to understand  it.<br />Well done Wachowski brothers.  Let's hope the sequel will not spoil  it.
0553208845|5.0|In a society obsessed with the concrete heroism found only in action heroes, Siddhartha clears a path of quest for answers in a world where nothing seems to stand by itself anymore.  A spiritual hero in quest for  Selfhood, the son of Brahmin forsakes the luxuries and comfort of his home  to join the wandering Samanas in the forest.  Siddhartha's motive to  abandon his familiar environment is his hunger for answers; instead of  setting off to lead a glamorous life trimmed by fame and recognition so  overstressed in the physical battle, Siddhartha willingly \\"become empty,  become empty of thirst, desire, dreams, pleasure and sorrow-to let the Self  die\\". Yet even Samanas' self-sacrificing ways can't satisfy Siddhartha's  growing crave for wisdom that he leaves the Samanas to plunge into a new  life of hallow desires.  The unique nature of our protagonist is how he  fights his inner Self by \\"fleeting from myself\\" to become himself.  Yet the  kind of wisdom Siddhartha yearns can only be found when he surrenders to  Self and embraces what his nature fully encompasses. Having accomplished  his spiritual hero deeds of fighting then becoming One with Self,  Siddhartha is reborn through rising above the dark cluster of ignorance of  his dissipate life to be enlightened under a mango tree.  Only when he  comes to reconciliation with his Self through acceptance of fate, does  Siddhartha attains his wisdom after he yields to what destiny unfolds.  What a fresh breeze it must be to be abandoned by the commonality of the  material world only to be saved through the hell of unrest and discontent  through the lessons of humanity: the pain of love, price of wisdom, and  temptation of fear.
0201485672|5.0|This is a book that will change the way you view code - as you are writing it and when you are maintaining it.<br />While the examples are written in Java (and a couple of the refactorings seem to be Java-isms) this is a book  that should change the way you look at your code - no matter what language  you use. <br />If you look at any code at all - if you are author, maintain or  review code in any language - you should get this book, read it, and leave  it on your desk.<br />Like many fundamentally good ideas, refactoring seems so  simple that one wonders why we didn't think of it before. Fact is,  refactoring has been happening for years (decades) but Fowler is one of the  first to make this process accessible.<br />If you are a very experienced  developer, this book will help you put some of your own practice into  words, to explain it to other developers on your team. You will probably  learn a few new wrinkles as well.<br />If you are a less experienced  developer, this book can help you to become better at your craft. You'll  find out some of the &quot;tricks of the trade&quot; used by the best  developers (those who produce the most reliable, most maintainable code).
B000000OQ5|5.0|These guys arrived on the scene when hair bands ruled, but they are more than that.  This CD has all of the high voltage distortion that your ears can take but they are also deverse and melodic.  &quot;Modern Day  Cowboy&quot; is probably the song that best explains the band.  There are  lightning fast guitar riffs and slam dunk power chords but then they switch  to a mello--yet dark--acoustical sound.  There are references to the Cold  War in the raspy vocal onslaught by singer Jeff Keith.  This is a great a  CD.  Hard rock crunching guitar, acoustical intros and a little bit of  blues is what you get.  This one is worth a spin.
B0000214F0|4.0|I wish I could give the movie 5 stars, but the audio and technical aspects are lacking. Imagine a director filming his vision with full love scenes, gore and unedited story. This movie is unique and should be supported  (bought) as you would support (buy) any other example of art&quot;. My only  concern is ...don't watch the movie too many times, you'll end up like  Caligula yourself.
0140187537|5.0|In an example of what great writing can be, Steinbeck has created a modern morality tale of sorts.  In it their are no &quot;good&quot; or &quot;bad&quot; guys, just people who are the victims of their own demons  and desires.  No one comes out a clear winner...but then does anyone in  real life?
B000002TYX|4.0|At the time this Anthology series first appeared, many critics claimed it was nothing more than a clever marketing ploy (tied in with TV specials, no less), cashing in on Lennon's premature death and the band's steady  popularity. In retrospect however, the Anthologys do serve as an  interesting anthropological study into the three specific layers of musical  strata that comprise Beatles rock. Anthology I is (obviously) the  foundation upon which everything else rests and is fairly detailed in  accounting the band's formative period before metamorphosing into their  studio polish. Of the two CDs included in this box, Disc One is the more  disappointing of the pair. It begins with &quot;Free As A Bird&quot;, one  of John Lennon's weaker songs, remixed with new accompaniment by the three  surviving band members. Once through this drudgery, the remainder of the  disc captures the Beatles at their earliest inception, complete with poor  sound quality. The  sound on Disc Two is a bit better, and the band seems  to have jelled into a formidable unit. Anthology I is also unique in that  it includes several cover songs of American performers as diverse as Buddy  Holly, Ray Charles, Chuck Berry and Little Richard. There are also numerous  spoken introductions by the band members, as well as demos and false starts  on &quot;One After 909&quot; and &quot;Eight Days A Week&quot;. The energy  level remains high and the boys seem almost giddy with excitement and  creativity. Of the three Anthology releases, this one is probably the least  necessary; however, for completists and those who want an interesting look  into the Beatles at their earliest, Anthology I is a practical purchase.  Personal Favorites: Disc One: a mockingly British attempt at &quot;Besame  Mucho&quot;, complete with &quot;cha-cha-cha&quot;'s; the driving  train-ride of &quot;One After 909&quot;. Disc Two: takes two and three of  &quot;I'll Be Back&quot;, wherein Lennon changes the rhythm of the song  from a waltz to a 4/4 tempo; the skulking alternate take to Lennon's  &quot;No Reply&quot;.
B000021XR5|4.0|This album is a tribute to their lasting appeal and longevity despite their trials and tribulations.  The continuity of the album and the length are the only elements against it.  The album comes in at about 45 minutes  long.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Personally I was never a fan of the Red Hot Chili Peppers. But a few weeks back I was watching Video Hits and saw the song clip for the single &quot;Otherside&quot;. From then on I don't know what happened but the song  totally hypnotised me. It was one of the best songs I have heard both  lyrically and rhytmically. The song was unquestionably superb. Anthony's  vocals went into it excellently and brought the somewhat haunting song to  life. Then I raced out and bought the album. After listening to it a couple  of times, I came to the conclusion that it was certainly a good in fact an  excellent album. The opening single &quot;Around The World&quot; greets the  fans with the same old punk rock that the Chili Peppers are renowned for.  The second song &quot;Parallel Universe&quot; is somewhat an experiment but  is crafted together superbly. Then comes the grammy winning &quot;Scar  Tissue&quot; an excellent song with shows the world the Red Hot Chili  Peppers have really matured over the years. The next song &quot;Get On  Top&quot; brings back the Chili Peppers back to thier origin and recaptures  thier famous garage rock. Next comes in my mind the best single the track  has to offer &quot;Otherside&quot;. It is a magnificent single which has  been crafted beutifully. The haunting lyrics go into it specially well and  Anthony's vocals match the task of bringing the song to life excellently.  Overall the CD is a masterpeice in all regards. It is a must have for all  music lovers all over the world.
B000005J56|4.0|After much time pondering, on whether or not to buy it. I decided to. With all of its fame, I thought it would be somethign missing to my collection of over 100 cds from all types of music in Spanish from all countries. I  thought most of the songs were so-so at first, sine Cuban music from the  countryside is not my favorite. or maybe i shoudl say, it is a bit outdated  for my favorites in latin music. I think it is a nice piece of work. Some  songs appeal to me a lot, while others do not. In a whole, I think it is  nice piece to my collection, and I think they did excellent on the Grammys.
1573226521|1.0|I read the reviews of the hardcover version &amp; couldn't wait for the paperback version to come out.  Maybe, because I am not a gen x, but I didn't get the story, didn't move fast for me. The only lesson I took away  from the book, was be careful what you wish for.
B00000IO4J|1.0|This movie is awful. The setting alone is too abstract from anything in reality. It takes a set of overly stereotypical teenage high school students and has them fight an alien race taking over the town. If an alien  race ever took over a WHOLE town, it would take a lot more than a couple of  flunky high school students to stop it. However if your into these kind of  teen horror flicks, then you'll probably enjoy it a little bit more. The  only part that i did enjoy was when Jon Stewart went psycho and lost his  fingers and ran around with a pencil in his. He should do it on the daily  show more often! But besides that, i'm very disappointed.
0140282033|5.0|I was interested in this book as I am a chocolate lover and was pleasantly surprised with an interesting story to go along with the chocolate descriptions. I found myself rooting for Vianne to find out the priest's  secret and expose for who he truly was. The book is about life; the petty  prejudices that keep people from enjoying life, the supression of those in  power for any change of the status quo, etc. Of course the story is better  when you are munching on godivas with a glass merlot while reading.
079213690X|5.0|This movie is truly incredible. It's the story of the life and death of the Scotsman William Wallace. From his heartbreaking childhood and life filled with treachery and hope to an ending that leaves with pride and a  tear in your eye. Not for the weak of heart, but a very very strong  picture.
B00000K19E|5.0|this movie is beyond your imagination.  the storyline, special effects, the dialoge is awesome.  so many great lines: &quot;there is no spoon&quot; &quot;dont think you are, know you are&quot; &quot;do you think thats air  your breathing?&quot;.  I could go on for pages of all of the great lines.   this movie is great.  the symbolism is inspiring.  so many deeper levels to  this movie.  I've watched it at least thirty times, and everytime i  discover something new.  so, if you havent bought this movie, your missing  out.  thats all.
6304509162|5.0|I love all the Poltergeist movies, and the first Poltergeist was one of my favorite. You can totally tell it's a Stephen Spilberg film, and it kind of gives you the same feeling as E.T. did. It has it's scary parts, and I read  somewhere that Heather O'Rourke (Carol Anne) was genuinly scared when she  was filming the part where she gets sucked into the closet, Stephen  Spilberg had to comfort her, and tell her that they wouldn't do the scene  again. The movie is great, great acting, and great stars. You might not  want to sleep with a t.v. in your room after you watch this one!  Buy this  movie, it's a classic!
B000021XS0|5.0|There aren't enough words to say how great this CD is. I have followed DT since their beginning and have been awe-struck every time they have released a CD (especially the LTE Project). I had been wondering for years  when Metropolis Part II would be released, and to my amazment, it's the  whole CD, which was a genious idea that only a highly advanced group of  musicians like DT could think of. For you people that don't like or  understand this album: I suggest you listen to Metropolis Part I: The  Miracle and the Sleeper, from DT's Images and Words CD before giving a bad  review of this CD. However, if you aren't a musician and don't like or  understand complex, technically-composed music I wouldn't suggest buying  any of DT's CDs - of course, if you just want simple, understandable,  it-sounds-popular-type music, you could buy DT's Falling Into Infinity CD.  Despite some obviously not-so-fans of DT who said FII wasn't that good, it  was a good CD, because it showed that they were still capable of producing  a simple album, and if you are a true DT fan, you would appreciate FII.  Scenes From A Memory - Metropolis Pt.II is by far DT's best musical  masterpiece. NOT FOR THE MUSICALLY FAINT-HEARTED (especially the ones who  are all into &quot;what music is popular&quot; i.e. Limp Bizkit, Korn,  Britney Spears, Ricky Martin, etc etc). Amazon.com doesn't have enough  stars to rate this CD, or this band...
6303327982|4.0|So much hype over this film and I can see why. Oliver Stones most memorable films I reckon and it seems strange that he directed the terrible film THE HAND. This film has the same unique, violent and cult status as 'A  CLOCKWORK ORANGE'. I like the acting in this and it isn't all violent, it  has a story and I found it watchable. It also contains weird scenes,  surrealism and even animation. A cult classic that will go down in  cinematic history. Well done Mr. Stone.
B00003003R|4.0|The only reason I couldnt give this CD set five stars is because it saddens me that its all over.This band defined what rock n roll needed.if you lived for this band in the 1980,s then you will once again be taken  back to when these five guys ruled the world.If you didnt give a damn back  then ,You probobly wont give a damn now.And if thats the case,Why are you  reading this?
6304240554|3.0|I can't help but feel there is too much hype over this N.O.T.L.D. sequel. The F/X were not all that great and the zombies just looked, well...blue. I stayed up late to watch the directors cut on BBC 2 and towards the end I  was getting tired of it. I was going to buy DAWN OF THE DEAD in the shops  but I won't bother now I've seen it and I found it boring. (Sorry to all  the fans out there.) The follow up, DAY OF THE DEAD, was much better and  had dark humour and better F/X and characters.<br />Notice a cameo buy the  actor who plays Rhodes in Day of the dead, appear briefly at the beginning  of this film.
0312243022|5.0|This is a beautiful and subtle work--concentrated in a single day, the author follows the lives of 3 women whose stories are subtly intertwined until the very end--when with a bang they come together. The portrait of  Mrs Brown is at once the most ordinary and the most compelling--a picture  of desperation below a very ordinary surface-- a very ordinary life that  has ramifications beyond anything one would expect. Extraordinary!
630514415X|4.0|Even a non-basketball fan can enjoy this surprisingly gentle film about the reconciliation of a father and son.  When I say &quot;surprisingly gentle,&quot; I mean the tone of the film, not the content.  While there is  some violence and gratutious sex, Denzel Washington as Jake Shuttlesworth  and Ray Allen as his son, Jesus, convey the multitude of emotions that men  in their situations would feel.  The best compliment I can think of giving  Mr. Washington is that he is a human being in every film he does, not some  plastered-on character study of what an actor &quot;thinks&quot; his role  should be.  It's the acting that makes this movie good.  As for the other  aspects of the film, the music by Aaron Copeland was a perfect selection  because it contributed greatly to the feeling of gentleness and grace that  the actors conveyed. I also liked some of the camera work, though the fact  that I noticed it means it wasn't as smooth as it could have been.   Probably the weakest part of the film was the script itself.  There are  many subplots that we've seen handled better in other films and I was  shocked at the incredibly hokey final two minutes.  In fact, this ending  made me mad because it was so out of place with the rest of the film.  If  you turn off the DVD immediately after Jake's and Jesus's reading of the  letter, you will be able to avoid what would be considered a sendup of  &quot;The Natural&quot; in another film.  Come on, Spike; you're a better  filmmaker than this.
6301562143|5.0|I sure did enjoy the movie.  Michael Keaton did a wonderful job as Batman/Bruce Wayne.  This was a real action packed movie.  I had never seen Batman in a black suit before.
B00000J7S8|2.0|Enough already.  This has got to be the most overrated album by the most overrated artist in history.  Yes, the music is pleasant, but Ms. Krall cannot hold a candle to several present day female vocalists -- Madeline  Eastman, Abbey Lincoln, and Carol Sloane come immediately to mind -- let  alone greats of the past like Ella, Sarah, Billie, Sheila Jordan, and Chris  Connor.  And her piano playing?  It is competent, at best.  Check out  Jessica Williams, Renee Rosnes, or Eliane Elias for some real contemporary  female talent.  I think it is wonderful that so many people have discovered  jazz through Ms. Krall's work.  But if you are one of them, please take the  next step and listen to some of the artists listed above.
B000002J09|5.0|Led Zep IV is quite overhyped, but still easily a 5-star effort. Stairway is a great song, but overrated and overplayed. The real gem on this album is Going To California (with When The Levee Breaks not far behind). The  rest is good too, but overall IV is not as good as I, II or Houses of the  Holy. This is still essential for anyone who loves rock and roll, though.
0792151712|5.0|Wonderful, exciting love story.  Well done in every way
B00000J7RZ|3.0|Jennifer Lopez is certainly sexy, and she comes across on the screen as an amazing talent. Her talent does not come across on her debut CD On The 6. This CD is absolutely amazing, but the problem is that her voice is very  weak. Her ballads are all beautiful, but she makes them very boring to  listen too. She should stick to the uptempo numbers. Waiting for Tonight is  a killer dance song, and the best track on the album is the heart pounding  Let's Get Loud. This album is filled with amazing songs, but they need a  strong voice behind them. It's nice to listen too, but it gets boring  because she has no power behind it. I do recommend this album for the  variety of pop,r&amp;b, latin, and funk. I commend her for that but she  needs voice lessons.
B000031WD9|5.0|This movie was the funniest movie made last summer.  I didn't stop laughing the whole time.  This movie is so accurate about high school and what high school males think about about how sex is and how it should be.   If you are going to buy a comedy then buy this on, you won't be sorry.
B00000JXV7|5.0|&quot;Forces of Nature&quot; is a delightful romantic comedy about a young man, Ben Holmes, (portrayed by Ben Affleck) who is held back by the forces of mother nature on his way to his wedding.  But while on this whirlwind of   a journey he just happens to be seatted next to the eye of the hurrican  herself (portrayed by Sandra Bullock.) The duo travel alongside eachother  in a series of unlikly comic mishaps that makes Ben queastion his thoughts  of being with just one person for the rest of your life.  This will be a  movie that you will never forget, so hold on tight cause the wild adventure  is about to begin!
0783226063|4.0|I get so very annoyed with film critics who say &quot;I saw the movie- but the book was better&quot; bah It's two different media folks - of course its gonna be better in your own vivid imagination. I hear these arguments  for David Lynch's DUNE often. the Film DUNE is to the Novel DUNE as the  Sistine Chapel is to the BIBLE.I have a goal in my life to walk into the  SISTINE chapel and say &quot;UGGHHH - the Book is SOOOO much better.&quot;  Michelangelo left out so much of the blood and carnage and basic Plot of  the BIBLE - but still manages to be appreciated for his work long after his  death. David Lynch paints a broadstroke portrait of Frank Herbert's future  humanity. Lynch even manages to make Paul into a Just messiah when in the  book Paul Atreides is somewhat of an anti-hero - unbalancing the known  universe in terrible destructive ways - he is the Darth Vader of the  storyline. Would you know much about the Bible from having just seen the  ceiling of the Sistine Chapel? Probably not - but it remains a Beatiful  work of art  God never looked so pretty - it is an artistic and glorified  illustration of a much larger story  and the final point   DUNE Is a work  of art, and is a World unlike anything you've ever seen - just look up in  awe (can't wait for the Sci-Fi Channel interpretation) fade out
0440219078|4.0|In Lois Lowry's THE GIVER, the main character Jona, lives in a ficticious community sometime in the future. His world revoloves around around the principle of &quot;sameness.&quot; Everything is perfect. Unlike the real world today, in Jona's world there is no conflict, no unemployment, no  poverty, no divorce, but most importantly, there is no change. Everyone in  Jona's world has been sheltered from the past, sheltered from the memories  of past pains and misfortunes. The only person in the community that knows  the truth is the Giver.  In December, during the Ceremony of Tweleve, Jona  is given the highest honor, and a lifelong assignment to be the new Giver.   Before he can step into his job full swing though, he must learn some  valuable lessons from the old Giver. Through those teaching, Jona becomes  the recipricant of all the memories, and learns the true hipocracy of the  world which surrounds him. On a more personal note, I would just like to  say that this is a fabulous book.  It really makes you value the world in  which you live in, and makes you cherish your ability to make your own  decisions and have your own emotions.
0790729407|5.0|This movie is excellent!  It captures this violent period perfectly and makes me understand why the Irish want the Brits off of Irish soil.  Being of Irish descent, I loved this movie.  Collins is truly an important man in  world history and deserves to have a film made about his life.  Collins'  guerrilla tactics were later studied by Mao Tse-Tong, and Israeli  guerrilla, and later Prime Minister Menachem Begin adopted the code-name  Micael in honor of this legendary man.  Everyone of Irish descent must  watch this movie.
068484267X|5.0|This book was kind of slow for the first few chapters but it sure got better with every page. This book makes you think that whenever you think you have it bad or don't always get what you want, just think of the  McCourt family and all the other Irish that suffered along with them and  know that you have it good and it could always be worse even though  sometimes it does not feel like it could be.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink 182 has always brought lovable punkish pop to happy ears of many eager fans, and Enema of the State is no exception. There are songs that everyone can relate to, a/k/a What's My Age Again and Party Song (a  personal fave of mine) but Blink proves they are not always so peppy with  my favorite song on the album, Adam's Song, which is about a suicidal  person. All in all, the CD has a variety of fun and depth, and will sit  very nicely in one's CD collection.
B00000DGUY|4.0|This is a great compilation of the best songs of Dire Straits.  My only gripe is that they cut out some of Money for Nothing, and one other song I think, but I can't remember which one at the moment.  The inclusion of the  live versions of Love Over Gold, Your Latest Trick, and Local Hero is an  added bonus!
6303212379|5.0|I saw this movie when I was 8 or 9 and I was absolutely convinced that I had to be part of the Goonies even though I was a girl. And a couple of those guys were just so cute then. Anyway, I recommend this movie to anyone  because it is the best!
B000002L7G|5.0|A classic collection of brilliant songwriting and recording from Mark Knopfler. After getting past the hits we all know; i.e. &quot;Money for...&quot;, &quot;Walk of ....&quot;, the real beauty of this record lies  in the other songs: &quot;Your Latest Trick&quot; is a great blend of  rock/jazz, and has been used as a demo  track in many high-end audio  salons. Tell me you can listen to &quot;Brother's in Arms&quot;, and not  get tears in your eyes!  Those lyrics!  The music those lyrics are wrapped  around!  &quot;Why Worry&quot; is a brilliantly written and recorded song.  Simple, elegant, wonderful guitar sounds. I have 300+ albums, and 300+ CD's  in my collection, and this album would be in the top 3...maybe No.1!  Buy  it! Listen to it!  Hear the emotions and the music!  You will enjoy it!   Phew...I am drained...
0671042858|4.0|I really liked this book.  Told in the point of view of a little girl lost in the woods was refreshing.  I have recommended this book to my 16 year old son.  The book really kept my attention and I couldn't put it down.  Then, at the end, it just fizzled out.  I wish S.K. would have put as much  enthusiasm in the ending as he did throughout Trisha's journey in the  woods.<br />And let this be a fictional lesson to parents going through  divorces not to create such a hostile environment when they have kids to  consider first. hmmm...
B00000J7J4|1.0|Give me a break man Smooth is fine but his new one Maria Maria oh please If I hear that song 1 more I am gonna PUKE I mean come on I know of music far better and yes that Includes 80's music etcetc the fact Mr Satana  sweeped the Grammys give me a break thats' like giving Shania Twain awards  and trust me she ain't got no right to em other then those Candian Awards I  mean totally unfair Pop sinks to another low first It's woman that think  there music wont' sell unless they show there belly button GIVE ME A BREAK  THAT IS DOWN RIGHT NASTY no one should have to see that In public anyhow so  to end I say this sorry Mr Santana u gotta go I mean I know of Artists that  made good music back then and Its' still good today,example Harry Chapin  still one I like...
B000002J09|5.0|this is probably the greatest hard rock album of all time. every song on this cd is perfect. Stairway To Heaven starts out slow and a little boring but it pays off in the end with a heavy riff and a great solo. Black Dog is  a great blues song. Please buy this album. If you decide not to buy this  album then you must be stupid.
6303407188|5.0|The unending, hopeless innocence and optimism of Ed Wood, through all his troubles (no studio, no money, a difficult girlfriend, demanding producers, a drug addict friend) are hilarious and touching.  The ending is my  favorite part.  I can't believe this video was allowed to go out of print  at all, but I guess not enough people are deeply interested in Ed Wood or  Bela Lugosi.<br />It should be noted that the movie takes tons of liberties  with the facts.  Some of the sequence of the characters' lives, especially  Lugosi's, is altered.  Dolores Fuller is portrayed as a lot more  disagreeable and less intelligent than she was in real life.<br />A movie that  this one sort of reminds me of is &quot;Man of La Mancha&quot;, based on  the book &quot;Don Quixote&quot;.  It has a little of the same naive  enthusiasm and optimism.
B000046PVN|5.0|The first release of WB's Superman: the movie soundtrack was a fine addition to any film score fan's collection but it wasn't complete.  The CD was only about an hour or so in length while the movie spanned over two  hours.  Where's the missing music?  With this brand new spankin' release,  all the missing music from the first album is here, adding a second disc  making this soundtrack over two hours long.  This score is indeed a classic  and should be in every John Williams fan's collection.  Also included in  this set is a small booklet with notes about the music by Michael  Matessino.
B00000J7J4|1.0|... he's pretty good, his only really good song is Smooth, the reason he's not to popular is that you go out and buy his new album just to fund out he just released 12 more, I mean come on, this guy has over 60 albums out in  just America alone!
0553577123|5.0|As a fourteen-year-old I found incredible comfort in this journal of Anne Frank, and felt priviliged, as well as moved, that I could be allowed to enter the secret world of Anne.  I could relate to much she said.<br />Her  name is as much a household name as Madonna. She should not face ridicule  at all, as celebrities often do, for the thoughts in her diary very well  might have been her deepest words, her thoughts, for they were in her  diary.  A person's diary should be held forever sacred, for diaries  immortalize the truth.  Hopefully, the &quot;Diary of a Young Girl&quot;  will be forever immortalized, as all diaries and journals should, since  they contain the truth.  The truth in our souls.  For those who might  review this diary and say it might be slow in some parts, I find that  startling, because this is her life.  This book was not a work of fiction,  written solely for enertaintment, so be gentle with your thoughts.<br />  I  find it kind that her father allowed Anne's deepest thoughts to go public  in the world, and courageous.  Some of the bravest people in the book were  the helpers, such as Miep or Bep.<br />I definitely recommend reading this  book, particularly since it gives you the viewpoint of a person's life in  the holocaust: the thoughts, the emotions, as if you were there yourself.  You do not truly read more on the tragedy of Anne Frank, for her diary  ends, so you would not read on about the horrific lives those in  concentration camps lived: lives not long. When I read the afterward of  this book, it broke my heart to hear about the annex member's deaths, and  the hero's punishments. Whether to be empathetic or sympathetic is a  choice, though.  It was unimaginable to me to picture Mr. Van Daan, or  Hermann van Pels, gassed, or Peter van Pels (van Daan) going on a death  march from Austria.  The horror must have been unimaginable. There is a new  movie out, based on a book, called &quot;Girl Interrupted&quot;,  chronicling a girl sent to a mental institution, though she was not crazy.  She was a girl interrupted, from her regular life, into a life she did not  deserved, and whether that is fate or not is arguable. Yet I don't think it  is arguable whether Anne Frank was a 'girl, interrupted' or not.  She was.o a mental institution, though she was not crazy.  She was a girl interrupted, from her regular life, into a life she did not  deserved, and whether that is fate or not is arguable. Yet I don't think it  is arguable whether Anne Frank was a 'girl, interrupted' or not.  She was.
6304244304|1.0|Usually I watch a movie for enjoyment, or laughter, or just curiosity. The newest version of &quot;Island of Dr. Moreau&quot; is so bad that was ashamed watching it. I rented it and would recommend others buying or  renting the far superior version starring Burt Lancaster and even better,  &quot;The Island of Lost Souls,&quot; with Charles Laugton as the  mysterious doctor and in an equally impressive performance, none other than  Bela Lugosi as the leader of the animal mutants. H.G. Wells rarely fails on  paper and the novel is good, but what the film makers have done is beyond  imagination. John Frankenheimer, the same director of the &quot;Mancherian  Candidate,&quot; is reponsible for directing this mess. Marlon Brando , as  Dr. Moreau, possibly gives the worse performance by an actor in a film that  I have ever seen. Covered with Number 50 sunblock, wearing buck teeth and  covering his head with what looks like a lampshade in his first scene, what  was he up to, putting on the director and playing a joke on the audience?  If studios pay actors like Brando a million dollars for dreck like this we  are in trouble folks. Val Kilmer's sleepwalking performance is not far  behind Brando's preposterous presence. It almost made me forget how good he  was in &quot;Tombstone.&quot; The great special effects wizard, Stan  Winston, wasted any creature work because of the shoddy acting and  directing. I give this version one star only because of Stan Winston's  work, and what a creative team of actors and a good director could have  done with the exoitc local, the possibilities for a good horror film in the  tradition of the previous works. As it stands, it is the worse film Brando  has ever been in and one of the worse films made by a major studio ever  made. No DVD nor wide screen showing could save this ship that sinks in  memory faster than the Titanic. Many old films are rotting and technicians  are restoring them back to their original luster. This is one film that  they should let evaporate in the archives. Save your money and buy the  previously mentioned versions, far outclassing this monumental epic,  appropriately about man's arrogance while monkeying with Mother Nature. The  movie is a true mutation, an experiment gone far far wrong.
B000046PVN|1.0|I don't recommend purchasing this CD because the packaging was poorly put together and really you get the same music that you get on the original 1CD release.  All the additional music sounds poorly recorded and there's a  reason that it was unreleased.  Overall, very disappointing.
0780622553|5.0|I was originally put off by the shallowness of the characters, but its intentional. The characters have a surreal quality that allows them to blend into the noir background without complaint from the viewer. <br />The  first time I saw the movie, it put me to sleep. The second time it was on  my top 20 list. It is worthy of deeper analysis.
B00003CWN2|4.0|Teena Brandon was one mentally screwed up girl.  From her wrestling with her sexuality (denying she was a lesbian) and her self-destructive reckless attitude towards the law. Hillary Swank gives a very brave performance  which as tragic as the character is, it's a refreshing change from the  cliched &quot;TOOTSIEish&quot; portrayals of people who may ot seem a part  of &quot;everyday&quot; society.  I personally think Swank still looked  rather feminine, but, hey, she IS a woman!  Her Nebraska accent and  mannerisms are excellent.  Chloe Sevigny gives an equally brave performance  in her own right as the object of Swank's affections.  This film will  propel both to the forefront in Hollywood-at least it SHOULD. What a 180  degree turn from &quot;the Next Karate Kid&quot; for Swank!  Too bad the  film distributor, Fox Searchlight, seemed too timid to release this  excellent film to a wider audience.  Oh well, I guess that's why video was  created.
0440234743|2.0|I keep giving a Grisham novel another  chance to revive my hope that I one again will be entralled, like i was with, A Time To Kill, The Firm even with The Partner, but AGAIN, i am dissappointed, Actually the book wasnt so  bad, it had an interesting concept, a exotic locale (Brazil), but ANOTHER  uneventful, boring ending.
014028009X|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I listened to it using the &quot;books on tape&quot; version.  I was laughing out loud through many parts of the book.  Some of Bridgette's insecurities are so true to life. I would  recommend this book to my female friends who need a great laugh!
B0000009RT|5.0|Frank Zappa's extraordinary 60+album output is, in essence, one single thematically related piece of music. True Zappaphiles (of which I am one) appreciate all aspects of this remarkable lifetime achievement, but the  point of reviews like this are to point out the salient characteristics of  individual albums.<br />Released in 1966, Freak Out! presented itself as the  annunciation of a cultural revolution. Much like the Sex Pistols' Never  Mind the Bollocks (1977), this was pop music as threat. But its scope goes  far beyond this. The album begins with the proto-punk anthem, &quot;Hungry  Freaks, Daddy,&quot; a raw, blistering electric rave-up that works as well  as &quot;Anarchy in the U.K.,&quot; and stands up just as well. If this was  all that remained of Freak Out!, it would still be a classic, but the album  goes much deeper. Zappa works dilligently on perfectly realized pop songs  built on cliche's, contrasting them with &quot;reality songs&quot; like  &quot;Motherly Love&quot; (a brutal rocker that appeals for groupies to  have sex with the band members), &quot;You're Probably Wondering Why I'm  Here&quot; (a savage attack on the shallowness of the youth culture likely  to consume the album), and most importantly, the strange, enigmatic  &quot;Who Are the Brain Police?&quot; (in which people and objects are  unreal, manufactured, interchangeable and subject to melting). The overly  arranged love songs sit side by side with material that deconstructs them  as false representations (particularly the '50s doo-wop parody &quot;Go Cry  on Somebody Else's Shoulder.&quot;<br />I'll never complain about 2 LPs on one  CD, but the breakup of the two sections does hurt the psychological impact  of the album somewhat. Keep in mind that Side 3 of the LP was where Freak  Out! began moving the listener into deeper territory, throwing more light  upon what had already occured. The sprawling, grungy blues of &quot;More  Trouble Every Day&quot; kicks this off, with a savage,biting report of the  Watts riots and the media coverage in a racially and economically divided  America that has not changed much. Here, we're a million miles from the pop  gleen of &quot;Wowie Zowie&quot; and &quot;How Could I Be Such a  Fool?&quot; The next step takes us where no &quot;popular&quot; artist had  dared step before.<br />&quot;Help, I'm a Rock&quot; is musical event in  stasis, relieved by shock. Everything the album has been so far has mutated  into a new form, an &quot;abstract&quot; pop where representations become  more difficult to pin down. The &quot;freak&quot; threat now arises  full-blown: but what is it? (These are not hippies, friends--but they are  the dissafected, the &quot;left behinds&quot; who are rising up to claim a  stake in the American dream--and they will transform it in a new image.) An  atonal barbershop quartet taunts, &quot;You're safe, mama. You're safe,  baby.&quot; (Meaning of course, quite the opposite.)<br />Did Zappa believe  this was actually going to happen? Possibly in 1966 he did, but not much  longer. The message of Freak Out! is much larger than that--it amounts to  nothing less than a demand for complete social/sexual/aesthetic  emancipation. His conclusion lies in the side-long epic, &quot;The Return  of the Son of the Monster Magnet&quot; Often castigated/dismissed as  chaotic noise, close listening will reveal a very controlled hand at work.  This is the soundtrack of the awakening of a new individual sensibility.  Section 1 (&quot;Ritual Dance of the Child-Killer&quot;) is a destruction  of the innocence that allows people to accept a prefabricated reality (the  &quot;Brain Police&quot;), while the avant-garde Section 2 (&quot;Nullis  Prettii&quot;) translates &quot;No Commercial Potential,&quot; a slogan  Zappa wore as his badge of honor.<br />Now or in 1966, this album is an  audacious, vital masterpiece by one of the greatest artists of the century.  (And did I forget to mention it's melodic, catchy andfunny, too?)For the  uninitiated, or the underinitiated, this is the perfect place to start what  could be a lifelong dialectic with the most challenging, exciting and  rewarding musicians/composers you will ever encounter.<br />The present-day  composer refuses to die! Long live Frank Zappa.
6304508611|5.0|I hadn't even heard of the movie, Carrie until 1996, while flipping channels.  I watched the film.  I was impressed.  It's one of those movies many people, including young teens can relate to.  I myself, was like  Carrie.  I was very mousey and shy, and never talked to anyone.  I was  always being made fun of, and never well-liked.   When I saw the film, I  saw those characteristics in my own self, and wished I could do what she  had done.  It's one of the very few movies that can show the many ways in  which anger can manifest.  Sissy Spacek was nominated for an academy award  for her performance, but she didn't win.  Sissy  Spacek is a great actress.   There are many elements that are shown in the film:  Growing up, going to  High school, being in or being an outcast, and religion.  Piper Laurie did  a great job as a religious fanatic.  When I saw her start raving on and on  I just sat there.  There are people like Magaret White that exist even  today.  This is one great film, it's a cult classic.  I long for the day  when a film company, such as Anchor Bay, will release a special edition of  this film....someday.   This is one movie that will be shown every  Halloween, you won't regret buying it, it's worth every penny.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This CD is full of talent, beauty and soul. I bought the CD once I'd heard it was out. And oh boy, I'm so happy for that. I think everyone can find his favorites here. Songs like &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel so Bad?&quot;,  &quot;My Weakness&quot;, &quot;Natural Blues&quot; and  &quot;Everloving&quot; make me cry. No, not almost, but in real tears. They  are so touching.  BTW, have you seen the video clip for &quot;Why  Does...&quot; song? Wow! So simple and yet so beautiful. Now, if you want  some temper and humor, you would love &quot;Honey&quot;, &quot;Run  On&quot;, &quot;Find My Baby&quot; and there are so much more. Please, even  if you don't know the artist, never heard of him. Try! At least give it a  try. Enjoy!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Quite simply, OK Computer is to the 90's what Dark Side of the Moon was to the 70's. One of those rare rock albums that manages to transcend the genre.
B000002KYK|2.0|It is set in stone that no matter how good or awful a cover version of a film score is, it will NEVER be as good as the original. The City of Prague Orchestra have produced by far the best cover versions of film scores that  I have heard, but at the end of the IT'S JUST NOT THE SAME. This adaptation  of Vangelis' score for Blade Runner certainly doesn't sound as bad as the  renditions The Power Pack Orchestra, but now that Vangelis' original score  has been released, there is no excuse for buying this CD when you can have  the real thing. The CD itself isn't that bad. It sounds as good as an  Orchestra could ever do copying the electronic melodies of the Greek synth  master. The New American Orchestra at least deserve some credit for not  producing the &quot;tin&quot; effect that is so common among cover  versions, but at the end of the day it is just not as good. It's not as  spontaneous, not as beautiful and not as inspiring. Vangelis' music does  not lend itself well for other (particularly traditional orchestras) to  copy and now the original soundtrack is available I strongly urge to spend  your money on that.
B00000J631|5.0|I don't own this yet... but I'm going to... I listened to someone else's in my first hour class... the entire thing... and it is awesome! My favorite songs are by UL, blink 182 (awesome song! ) green day, nofx,  less than jake, the offspring onen is pretty cool, and a bunch of others...  I am definitely going to get this when I get around to it, as I really like  most of the bands on this comp, and I have discovered a few (even from  these 30 second fragments!) It's just a pain getting to like NOFX's song,  which is like #60-something (66?) but hey, the CD kicks! I already own Fat  Music For Fat People (another great comp on Fat Wreck Chords)
B00000IAU3|5.0|I love every song on this album.  There is a wide range of music - the songs are sweet and soothing, but also have strong captivating beats.  Dido's voice is wonderful - it fits well with the acoustical guitar.   &quot;Here With Me&quot;, which is also the theme song for the WB's  &quot;Roswell&quot;, has a good rhythm and builds up nicely from start to  finish.  &quot;All You Want&quot;, &quot;Thank You&quot;, and  &quot;Isobel&quot; are my favorites along with &quot;Here With Me&quot;.   &quot;Take My Hand&quot;, the bonus track, starts out slow, picks up and  becomes a song you might hear in a club.  I cannot say enough about this  album.  I have played it for a lot of my friends, and they all liked it and  had all positive comments.  If you like the singing voices of Jewel or  Sarah McLachlan, you will enjoy Dido.
6301976983|5.0|YOU'LL NEVER SEE A BETTER CAST AND DIRECTOR THAT FIT TOGETHER SO GREAT. I'VE PERSONALLY SEEN THE FILM AT LEAST 100 TIMES IN MY LIFE (I'M ALMOST 50 ) AND I STILL ENJOY IT EVERY TIME.AND YOU KNOW SOMETHING-THERE'S NOT A  SINGLE CUSS WORD OR PROFANITY AT ALL!  WHICH GOES TO SHOW YOU CAN MAKE A  FANTASTIC MOVIE AND LEAVE OUT THE FOUL LANGUAGE.THE CHARACTERS PLAYED BY  BOGART,HOLT AND HUSTON DOES'NT SEEM LIKE IT WOULD HAVE WORKED FOR ANYONE  ELSE. IF I LIVE TO BE 120,I DON'T THINK A REMAKE OF THIS FINE PICTURE COULD  EVER BE MADE!
630027120X|4.0|Often dismissed as a removed and ineffective, wannabe epic, The Mission is in reality a moving and tragic story that has much to say about the hypocrisy of the church and the brutality of the progress of \\"civilised\\"  society. Irons plays a Jesuit priest who converts a remote tribe of Indians  in South America only for greedy merchants and fractions with the church to  threaten the mission. It is true that for the first hour and a half the  film is oddly removed as Bolt's screenplay and director Joff treat the  story at arm's length, as if the audience is merely an observer to the  unfolding events. The result is interesting rather than stimulating and  some people may start fidgeting half way in. But the film's climax in last  half-hour is powerful and deeply rewarding of all that has gone before. De  Niro is somewhat detached in his performance as a former mercenary and  slave trader, converted to the Jesuit faith but Irons is brilliant and  holds the film superbly with a dignified an sincere performance. The  Mission is also an endlessly beautiful film thanks to Chris Menges'  breathtaking photography as well as impeccable production design that  conveys a real sense of period and setting. Morricone's score is the stand  out though: complimenting the film perfectly and beautiful and memorable on  its own.
0792151712|1.0|Trite, boring, formulaic, eye candy with neither soul nor wit. I GET ANGRY when I think about this piece of trash. Angry that so much money was wasted on this infantile pabulum. Angry that it was so well received at the box  office. Angry that it garnered all those undeserved Oscars which should  have gone to better films. And above all, angry at its bad example; that  the greatness of a movie should not be measured by its budget. Did James  Cameron sell his soul for his success? It would explain both the film's  artlessness and its good fortune.
B00000JZC4|4.0|This CD deserves three stars, but I like it worth four. I think that I'm one of the few people who actually bought this CD off the strength of &quot;Welcome to the Fold,&quot; but that actually is good thing.  &quot;Take a Picture&quot; is okay, but has no strength to convinve some  one to buy the album. it doesn't even sound like the rest of the CD. No two  songs on the CD really sound exactly alike, but variety is good. No one  song is bad, but unfortunately none are very outstanding. The two best  songs on the disc are &quot;Welcome to the Fold&quot; and &quot;It's Gonna  Kill Me.&quot; All of the NIN-esque songs rock, everything else provides a  nice contrast. If you liked either one of the singles and listen to real  music, you would probably like this CD.
0345404475|5.0|As one who has seen both the movie and read the book, I must say that, yes, the two seem outwardly different, but they both seem to be about how the plight of androids, imperfect beings who strive to become something  finer, parallels our own human condition. The androids in the movie are  much easier to identify with, since they aren't devoid of empathy the way  they are in the book, but the book manages to convey more strongly the  sense of their deformity. In the movie, the androids want to live longer,  in the book, they want to learn how to empathize the way humans do. As one  of them says, &quot;I really don't like androids. Ever since I got here  from Mars my life has consisted of imitating the human, doing what she  would do, acting as if I had the thoughts and impulses a human would have.  Imitating, as for as I'm concerned, a superior life form.&quot; All in all,  the book left me feeling pretty lonely and depressed. (I mean that in a  good way.)
B000002UB6|4.0|'It's over. Let people see us with our pants off', said John Lennon, proclaiming that he didn't really care too much about whether 'Let It Be' was released or not. In the end, it was, of course - doctored to death by  Phil Spector in some places ('Let It Be' and 'Across the Universe' both  strangled by his strings.) Well, this is, indeed, the Beatles with their  pants off. John Lennon's voice cracks in the middle of 'Dig a Pony', and  there's no studio trickery to save it. It's a million miles away from the  laborious production that resulted in the glossy sound of albums like 'Sgt.  Pepper' - and that's where the magic of 'Let It Be' lies. Even if Spectre  wasn't exorcised, he couldn't detract from the honesty and raw energy that  shine through the album and are exemplified in songs like 'I've Got A  Feeling' (Try to hear the 'Rooftop Sessions' album for a great version of  this song. I'd also recommend the 'Anthology 3' versions of 'I've Got a  Feeling', 'Dig a Pony' &amp; 'Get Back'.) 'Two of Us' is a poignant song;  beneath its seemingly naive lyrics is a summation of the difficult, complex  relationship between John Lennon and Paul McCartney. And what a journey it  was for the two of them. It's incredible to compare the pair in 1962 - one  with a cherubic grin, the other sneering short-sightedly down the end of  his nose at the camera - with the world-weary, cynical Lennon and McCartney  who had become among the most famous men in the world by the time of these  sessions. 'The two of us / sending postcards / writing letters, on my wall  / The two of us / burning matches / lifting latches / on our way back home'  is almost painfully wistful - harking back to a more innocent time in their  lives when the world still seemed fresh and anything was possible. However,  even the most fervent Beatles apologist can't explain away a song like 'I  Me Mine'. And the biggest insult I can conceive of to describe 'The Long  and Winding Road' is to say it belongs on a Paul McCartney solo album.  Quite simply the worst song the Beatles ever recorded, its embarrassing  schmaltz can't be blamed on Spector's ham-handedness.  But there are far  more pluses than minuses here. 'Dig It' is the spirit of John Lennon,  distilled. 'Let It Be', the title track, is a classic that may have become  too familiar over time  'Maggie Mae' was a wonderfully appropriate song for  the album - a drunken singalong that demonstrated that the Beatles never  lost touch with their essential humanity.  I once saw an ad that said: 'You  can hear a man's heart through a stethoscope. But sometimes you can hear it  much more clearly through a microphone.' They could have been talking about  this album.
6302769051|1.0|I saw this movie for the first time a few months ago and I'm very greatful I never rented it or went to it in the theater. It was very dull. I will say that Clint Eastwood's performance was among the best he ever gave, it  is just not that good of film. The characters never really go and do much,  there is nothing done during this movie to keep you intersted. Once again  the story takes for ever to get going and some characters are pointless.  However the ending is done pretty well.The only thing that saved this  film.Grade:D-
B000001Y42|4.0|Limp Bizkit's defining album was Three Dollar Bill, Ya'll$, but it didn't receive the publicity or the hype it deserved. Containing excellent songs that never manage to grow old, $3 Bill was very underrated. Significant  Other can't lay a finger on this album, but yet it received major hype.  That's not saying that it was a bad album, but as I said, it can't lay a  finger on $3 Bill.<br />With highly addictive and well written songs like  Faith, Stuck, Stink Finger, Nobody Loves Me, Pollution, and Counterfeit, $3  Bill is jam packed with great tracks that keep you coming back over and  over again. To this day I still listen to this album. It's just very  dissapointing that it didn't receive the hype Significant Other did. Oh  well. I just hope that Limp Bizkit's next album tries hard to get back to  the sound on this album, because these were their best days.
B000023VR6|4.0|Ok,I anit dissing this cd,cause it is good,but it is absolutely nowhere near &quot;The Chronic.&quot;That's why i gave it 4 stars.But don't get me wrong,this cd is absolutely worth every penny u pay for it.Both songs with  Eminem (Whats The Difference &amp; Forgot About Dre) are reason enough for  buying this cd.The lyrics need some work,they arent as hardcore as they  were on &quot;The Chronic&quot;,but the beats get two thumbs up from me,Dre  does a great job with the beats.Bottom line.......Not as good as &quot;The  Chronic&quot; but absolutely worth buying,Dre is back in full effect.
0783216084|1.0|Deep Blue Sea makes Jaws look like Cinderella!  How come the original wasn't half as good as the others? Here's how I think the Jaws series goes!  1.Jaws 3 2.Jaws 4:The Revenge 3.Jaws 2 4.Jaws
B00002MZ2C|5.0|The Battle Of Los Angeles is Rage Against The Machine's glorious return to the music industry. One of the best bands out there has finally come back, and they give their return justice too. This album continues their legacy  of delivering a great message as well as great songs. Zach De La Rocha  hasn't lost a step, and his delivery is still very strong. Tom Morello is  still one of the most talented and innovative guitarists of this era. The  band still has their solid lineup of annoyingly catchy songs (try going a  day without reciting the line &quot;lights out, guerilla  radio&quot;).<br />The Battle Of LA is a great album, but I still wouldn't  feel comfortable calling it Rage's best album. It is Rage's freshest album  to date, but it still doesn't surpass their 1992 self-titled debut, which  blew me away and still continues to. It's good to see them try to surpass  it, just as they did with Evil Empire. But, as with Evil Empire, The Battle  Of LA only goes so far as to excell Rage's career rather than define it.  They didn't lose their touch after the first album like Korn somewhat did,  they just can't seem to match it. Still, The Battle Of Los Angeles is an  amazing album from an amazing band, and I highly reccomend it to everyone.
B0000203Y5|5.0|Before I saw this movie I was already planning a trip to Cuba with a Spanish group.  After seeing the movie, I felt even more thrilled to go see this country.  Now that I've gone and visited Cuba for a month(which was  just a long enough time for that place), I feel the need to own this movie  to remember all the memories I experienced in Havana and in other towns and  cities around Cuba.  <br />I found the music to be greatly alive in Cuba and  it was about the best part of experiencing this country.  Other than that,  I found the country to be quite interesting, and the great thing was that  the Cuban people had nothing against us Americans personally, it was mostly  the government.  <br />I recommend anyone wanting to know more about Cuba to  watch this fantastic movie, especially for people who are interested in  music.  I believe Cuba is the core for most latin music.
0783216084|1.0|Close Encounters of the Third Kind was AWESOME. JAWS was horrible!  Cheesy special effects,atrocious acting,URGH!
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix, my favorite movie of all time I might add, is a phenomenal film. It's a work of art. The special effects are out of this world, the story unfolds extremely well, the plot is the most innovative one ever, the  script is just plain amazing, and the cinematography is superb. In short,  The Matrix blows away every other movie this decade. I would give it 10  stars if I could.<br />I shouldn't have to discuss the plot, because by now  just about everyone knows it. I will say that this plot is so amazing and  so innovative, and it really makes you sit down and think. I think it's a  fact, not an opinion, that the plot is the most innovative one ever  written. I can't stress enough how good it is. The acting is well done as  well, and the script, unfolding of the story, and special effects are all  top of the crop too. I can't list all the good things I have to say about  The Matrix here. I have seen this movie over and over again without growing  tired of it. It has set the standard for every movie that follows it. All I  can do now is give my whole hearted recommendation. If you don't own it  yet, buy it now. It should be a sin not to own The Matrix.
0783216084|1.0|Here's how I rate the Jaws series: 1.Jaws 4:The Revenge 2.Jaws 3 3.Jaws 2 4.Jaws
B00000JCOV|5.0|They've exploded onto the music scene with their 15 track self-titled debut album. They combined Neo Metal, Death Metal, and Hip Hop to create one of the freshest sounds since Nine Inch Nails first arrived. They're  growing bigger and bigger by the day, and after listening to their album  from beginning to end, one can't disagree with the acclaim they've been  receiving. They've certainly given me a new reason to headbang.<br />Slipknot  uses 9 members to create their music, and the result is an amazingly deep  and complete sound. Their songs are all extremely catchy and instant  hits...and get this, they all have a message. The band is all about  individuality and not having to answer to anyone. About being true to  yourself. And that is one of the coolest band mottos in a while. To love  the music, you've gotta believe in the band behind it.<br />I'm not bold  enough to call Slipknot role models, but I am bold enough to call this  album one of the best harder rock albums of the year. It easily surpases  Slayer in the Death Metal catagory, and it wipes out all the other indie  bands out there (check out Kittie for another cool indie band with a  similar sound). I highly reccomend this CD. Use it for everyday headbanging  or for parties. The bottom line is that this album will always be there for  you when you feel like breaking everything in sight.
B000001Y5J|5.0|But then again, what of NIN isnt good (besides halo 11)? It is very agressive and very well written. The worst thing about it is its short length, but the amount of anger in this ep is more than you may get with  most other albums. It is second only to The Downward Spiral and Antichrist  Superstar
0385484518|5.0|I could not put the book down.  In only two days ones lifelong goals and ideas can be changed after reading this book.  It is about as simple as it gets and makes it a must read book for anyone you care about.  Enjoy!
B00000AFGM|5.0|This cd, although it is much different than any other Manson cds, is still incredible. Don't listen to this people who say it sounds like Bowie, because it doesn't. The lyrics are much deeper on this albums than the  previous, but the drug theme is a little too much, but still, its an  incredible cd.
0316548189|5.0|Nelson Mandela takes you through his lifelong struggles in a way that leaves you always wanting to turn the page.  A few color photos are also inserted and give a powerful message.  Regardless of your race or color, it  is an amazing book that opens the mind to happenings throughout the world.
B000000WJZ|4.0|I bought this CD in 1994 and loved it. Still love it. But it's got a flaw in that the lyrics seem forced at times (Billy C. did have that legendary bout with writer's block). Nevertheless, it's a powerful listening  experience. Drums pummel you. Guitar noise assaults you from all sides,  wrapping you into a fuzzy cocoon of melody. This album will be known for  having some of the greatest guitar riffs in history. And then there's  Billy's vocals. Cooing, dreaming, swooning and then wailing or screaming -  many times in the same song. <br />The album takes the listener on an  emotional journey, and still gives me goosebumps at the part in Mayonaise,  when Billy fights his way through the mounting guitar noise to announce,  &quot;I. Just. Want. To. Beeeeee. ME!&quot;<br />By the way, for a very  similar - and even MORE haunting, MORE amazing, MORE addictive - listening  experience, try My Bloody Valentine's Loveless CD. It came out in 1991,  predating the whole grunge explosion. When you hear Loveless, you'll hear  where Billy C. got many of his ideas for Siamese Dream. Honestly.
6305265488|5.0|This was a great movie to watch with your children, over &amp; over again.  Close to beating the original.  I loved it.
B000002J03|5.0|This is a classic album. To those of you who chose to buy, a word of advice. Don't just skip the slower songs like &quot;What Is...&quot; and &quot;Thank You&quot; in favor of more upbeat songs like  &quot;Heartbreaker&quot; and &quot;The Lemon Song.&quot; Listen to the  whole album from start to finish in one sitting. The feeling I got from  doing this was something no other album has given me. What will happen is a  musical journey from a loving relationship's peak &quot;Whole Lotta  Love&quot; to its ending &quot;Heartbreaker&quot; and eventual resolution  &quot;Bring it on Home.&quot;
B0000028M7|5.0|PLEASE don't listen to the morons on this page who talk smack about DIRT. It's true, Them Bones, Dam that River, God Smack, Hate to Feel, and Angry Chair are all mediocre songs, but DIRT is worth buying for the incredible  Rain When I Die, Down in a Hole, Rooster, Junkhead, and Dirt. I dont think  Layne Staley gets the credit he deserves as one of the great vocal  arrangers of the 90's along with singers like Chris Cornell. I don't think  DIRT is quite as good as Mad Season's ABOVE, and of course it doesn't even  compare to TEMPLE OF THE DOG, but it is most assuredly worth buying if you  are a fan of good early 90's rock music.
6301647734|5.0|Guess what?  I'm 15 years old.  Why would such a &quot;punk&quot; review a movie from the 50's?  Because it bloody well deserves it, THAT'S WHY!  I saw this movie on TV one time and I laughed myself silly! James Stewart was  apparently a great actor and did a hell of a job making me laugh. Sure it's  black and white, sure it doesn't have all the special effects that a  &quot;stupid kid&quot; like me would get into, but I know a really funny  movie when I see one. I recommend it to everyone.
B00000ITOY|5.0|Don't adhere too closely to the age guide on this one.  A younger toddler can begin a process of discovery by simply trying to place the shapes on the pegs. (Most of the shapes will fit only on the correct pegs) With a  little parental guidance toddlers can see and feel that the two holes fit  on the two pegs.  Once they grasp that concept they really can take off.  Even if everything isn't quite &quot;right&quot; by adult standards, it is  still fun and if put away for a week or so, skills will invariably improve  with each additional play session. The skills learned on this game seem to  transfer remarkably well to other activities.
0792140923|5.0|Indeed I have seen this movie twice before. When I first watched this, I were 14. I couldn't inspire anything from that at that time. I think it was nothing special. But when I watched it again,  I found Tom Hanks has taught  us how to be a good person in our life . Tom Hanks shows out his pure human  nature and personality, do and decide all the things by his own first  judgement. Does he care  about others thinking ?  No. However in our world,  we always think of others, we are totally controlled by the people. We  can't be ourselves anymore. We seem not to be happy. This movie give me  inspiration. I must try  to be myself all the time. Do the things I want to  do, show out all the talents that God give me, at last, I will not regret  and I will find my way out successfully and automatically.
B00000IMCU|2.0|Yes, Romero has some pretty interesting and relevant things to say about sensless consumerism and modern obssesion with material possesions but unfortunately good symbolism does not make for a good movie.  There is no  suspense with the exception of the climax but that is just not enough.  The  zombies are apropriatly human-like but rather goofy with there blue skin.   Did they all die of hypothermia or something?  The characters are likeable  but overall, bland and flat.  The atmosphere of the whole flick was wrong.  It was not at all moody or scary like the original Night of the Living  Dead.  Even the gore effects were not that well done.  All in all, this  movie bears all of the hallmarks of a movie done by a guy who just wanted  to preach about how awful soceity is and did not really care about making a  good movie.  I have read some behind the scenes info about Dawn that  confirms this suspision.  We all know Romero has talent (As Night and Day  show) but he just decieded not to use or show it with this film.  Oh  well...
0380977281|4.0|I read this book in hardcover, and as a physical book, it's lovely, with ornate chapter pages and the author's signature embossed on the cover. The book's plot, happily, matches its binding beautifully. A very fresh, light,  pretty story with magical characters, an engaging premise, and a humorous  edge. There are one or two swear words, and a sex scene that was a little  shocking, considering the childlike feel of the story, and probably could  have been accomplished a bit more implicitly (but Gaiman's never been one  to do things conventionally). Overall, Gaiman produced a very magical,  amusing, enjoyable book. It's a relatively short novel, so go ahead: treat  yourself.
630521610X|5.0|This was the debut of more up to date  horror films.It was very thrilling to watch.It kept me at teh edge of my seat the whole time.I love Drew BArrymore, Neve Campbell,and Mathew Lillard and they did excellent in this  scary cool film.It was directed by my favorite director Wes Craven.He blew  Stevn Spielburg away!
B000002HRE|4.0|Metallica is by far the best band of all time!  ReLoad is literally a combination of vomit and great music. Great songs like Unforgiven 2 and Devils Dance had to end up with weak strange ones like Slither and  Attitude. This is nevertheless a great album and it is not metallica that  should take their heads out of BS but rather the &quot;Hard Core&quot;  metal fans. Metallica out did themselves years back and now they just want  to try some new stuff. But even after all my talking I still think that  metallica should put a little more effort into their next album and not  have songs like Memory Remains screeming on the radio.
B00000DFSK|5.0|We all know that the 1980's were 'dominated' by Michael Jackson and Madonna, right? Wrong. U2 played a big role in transcending an ordinary band into a legend. This CD, The best from 1980-1990, is in a word,  inspirational. Tracks one through four are awesome, and that is just the  first CD!
6302293553|5.0|Monty Python and the Holy Grail is a riot!  It'll give you somehting to talk about.  I just love The Black Knight sceen.  I would recommend this movie to anyone.  After watching it, you'll have your new favorite movie!
0767812417|5.0|This is a charming, exhilarating, splendid and colorful film suitable for everyone, and I could watch and enjoy it repeatedly.  It still holds its own, in my humble opinion.  First-rate performances from the major players,  and the coolest, cutest, most laid-back gang of &quot;pickpockets&quot; on  film make this a outstanding piece of film history.  It would be  interesting to know some of the &quot;whatever became of&quot; stories --  did any of Fagin's boys appear in any other films? Again, a marvelous movie  that leaves a warm glow!
0140186409|5.0|The first thing that came to mind when I read Steinbeck's classic The Grapes of Wrath was its parallel to Upton Sinclair's The Jungle - the downward spiral of a migrant family who find themselves in a struggle to  subsist in abject poverty. (Fortunately, where Sinclair rams Socialism down  our throats in The Jungle, Steinbeck merely offers us a spoonful  here.)<br />Steinbeck provides wonderful development for each character in  this story; though none of them could be called bright, each figure  possesses a unique depth and personality. Tom Joad is the angst-ridden main  character who has just been released from serving a long prison sentence.  Ma is the family matriarch who provides strength and optimism even in the  worst times. Jim Clancy is the fallen preacher who joins the Joad's on  their sojourn. (Clancy is certainly the novel's most over-analyzed  character - he has been likened to a metaphor for Jesus Christ, but I just  didn't see it.)<br />This now classic tale takes place during 1930's, and is  about a family of Oklahoma Dustbowl farmers who, like countless others,  migrate to California after losing their farm. But they don't give up  without a fight, leaving only when the bulldozers come to raze their home.  Packing up all of their possessions in the family jalopy, they make their  way across a Depression Era America that has little pity on &quot;ignorant  Okies&quot;. Along the way they meet other Okies fleeing back home from  California after finding only starvation in the so-called promised land.  (One of the most heart wrenching figures in the novel is the Okie who is  returning after helplessly watching his child die of starvation). But, just  like the Rudkis family in The Jungle, the Joad's are sure that, with some  hard work, things will be different for them. Though the family does find  work picking fruit, it is not the Garden of Eden they'd hoped it would be.  Even the children must endure twelve hour days of backbreaking work in the  hot sun under the cruel eye of their supervisors at their slave-labor-like  work camps. They are forced to live in infested wooden shacks called  &quot;company housing&quot;, and to buy their food at the &quot;company  store&quot; whose prices are exorbitant and which comes out of their  already paltry pay. The most horrifically ironic part is that while their  meals usually consist of gruel &quot;with bacon grease for strength&quot;,  they dare not eat the fruit they pick for fear of swift and severe  punishment. Forced to flee the camp after Tom assaults a would-be rapist,  the family is all but lost. The final scene is heart wrenching and  unforgettable - and proves Ma's claim that the poor are the ones who can be  counted when somebody is in need.<br />The Grapes of Wrath is considered one  of this century's greatest literary masterpieces, and with good reason. Its  many layers are deeply thought-provoking - and provides insightful social  commentary which could address many issues we deal with even today. Read  it!un under the cruel eye of their supervisors at their slave-labor-like  work camps. They are forced to live in infested wooden shacks called  &quot;company housing&quot;, and to buy their food at the &quot;company  store&quot; whose prices are exorbitant and which comes out of their  already paltry pay. The most horrifically ironic part is that while their  meals usually consist of gruel &quot;with bacon grease for strength&quot;,  they dare not eat the fruit they pick for fear of swift and severe  punishment. Forced to flee the camp after Tom assaults a would-be rapist,  the family is all but lost. The final scene is heart wrenching and  unforgettable - and proves Ma's claim that the poor are the ones who can be  counted when somebody is in need.<br />The Grapes of Wrath is considered one  of this century's greatest literary masterpieces, and with good reason. Its  many layers are deeply thought-provoking - and provides insightful social  commentary which could address many issues we deal with even today. Read  it!
B000002NHN|5.0|This CD is my first of Loreena McKennitt's. The music is hauntingly beautiful. Very clear voice and not overpowered by the music. I love this CD!
0425129586|4.0|I had to read and then there were none for my honors english class last month, and i didn't think i would like it, since i never like books people make me read, well i really got into it, and i couldn't put it down, once  the people started dying, and you didn't know who the killer was, it was  just kinda freaky. Then once i found out who the killer was i was like no  way...he seemed sane in the book, i mean heck he even died, and then when i  read the letter he wrote to the police it was just like...dude anyone could  do that! so yeah, but i really did like it, and i might go checkout some  more of her books because i liked that one soooo much!
B000002KB8|5.0|don't short-change yourself - be sure to get the version which contains 'evil woman'.  great album cover, their best!  the image reminds me of 'the blair witch project'.  other sabbath albums with decent cover art:   'sabbath, bloody sabbath,'mob rules,' and 'born again' (for its  perversity).
B00001SIES|5.0|Ok, first of all, they aren't exactly radiohead (although that wouldn't be a bad thing), that's just probably the best comparison for a band like this with such a unique sound. It is probably the best cd I have bought in a  long, long time and there isn't a single track I don't like. I would tell  you my favorite song, but they are all so different and apply and effect  you in different ways at different times. Each song just has its own sound.  Matthew Bellamy (the singer) is outstanding and incredible. I suggest this  cd to everyone I know and can't wait for their next album. Buy it, you  won't be disappointed.
0792151720|5.0|Why are &quot;reviews&quot; like Kathman's published? He hasn't seen the movie and is only voicing his personal opinions about the star.  See the movie and then review it and the medium it is delivered on.  If he wants to  publish his opinions let him go to a SIG (special interest group) or a chat  room.<br />I have seen TITANIC on the big screen, on VHS and on DVD and it is  great.  Its a grand spectacle and transports one into a different  dimension, which is what movie-making and movie-watching are all about.  I  am not a DiCaprio or Winslet fan (I don't intend to see BEACH or HOLY SMOKE  because they've gotten bad reviews from critics who have SEEN them.) Don't  try to psychoanalyze people who like this movie.  Do I like TITANIC because  I wasn't suckled right as an infant.  Perhaps! But that's no business of  yours.
B000002H6C|5.0|Before I comment on this great Metallica album, I just want to correct the &quot;genius&quot;,  Mr. Fausto Chavez, ...And Justice For All is not Metallica's third album, it's their 5th. (1) Kill 'Em All, (2) Ride the  Lightning, (3) Master of Puppets, (4) Garage Days Re-Visited (5)...And  Justice For All, (6) &quot;Black Album&quot; Metallica, (7) Load, (8)  Re-Load, (9) Garage Inc., (10) S&amp;M. Anyways, this is a Metallica  masterpiece. Although you can't really hear Newsted's bass play, this album  is the true definition of the great metal band that Metallica  &quot;used&quot; to be. ...And Justice For All displays Metallica's  unbelievable song writing and great instrumental ability, and it' just as  good/thrashy as their other masterpieces. Kill 'Em All, Ride the Lightning,  Master Of Puppets &amp; ...And Justice For All are &quot;MUST HAVES&quot;  for all TRUE Metallica and for all heavymetal/hard rock fans.
B00001QGPS|5.0|This album is kicking. Nearly every song is good. It is classic Doc and meth material, and if you are a fan of them together and them solo, buy this  album...... today!
0385006896|5.0|Almost certainly the best book I have ever read (only the Count of Monte Cristo comes close), and I have read a lot of books. All 60 Holmes stories, a great preface, and it's all in chronological order! Every single story is  great and interesting, and after reading 1,000 plus pages of this great  literary work you feel as if you know Holmes and Watson personally! Simply,  a must have.
B000023VR6|3.0|Now this cd is tight and I have heard most of it. But some of the songs are just not good. Whats the difference, forgot about dre and still dre, are the best  songs, but the rest are just not that phat.
0425170349|4.0|Okay, first of all, this isnt a Jack Ryan book, so dont be discouraged if you cant find your favorite hero in here. I think they mention his name once or twice, but the MAIN character is John Clack (I.E. John T. Kelly  from WITHOUT REMORSE). Anyways, I think Clancy did a great job on this one,  adding TONS and TONS of action packed carnage into this book. This book is  basically about an anti-terrorist organization that has to stop all those  bad terrorists around the world and make peace and harmony everywhere they  go. I dont want to ruin the book for you, but its really good. The only,  and I mean ONLY problem with this book, was that the ending left a little  to the imagination, and I kinda wanted a little more action to follow, but  otherwise I damn fine book from Mr. Clancy. Lets just hope &quot;The Bear  and the Dragon&quot; which comes out in August will be as good.... ;)
B000023VR6|3.0|Now this cd is tight and I have heard most of it. But some of the songs are just not good. Whats the difference, forgot about dre and still dre, are the best  songs, but the rest are just not that phat.
0425152251|4.0|For a starting the idea of this novel is great, because it's a mixture of a story with the most resumed history of philosophy, since Greek philosophers up to contemporary philosophers. The story tells how a  teenager discovers the world around her taught by a philosopher that  suddenly appears in her life and teaches her not to live in the mediocrity  of humanity, to delve deeply in questions as who you are, or how the world  began. This book is great for teenagers because it helps them to think  different and to analyze all these types of questions and not to become  into pragmatics.
B000023VR6|3.0|Now this cd is tight and I have heard most of it. But some of the songs are just not good. Whats the difference, forgot about dre and still dre, are the best  songs, but the rest are just not that phat.
6305546789|5.0|I seen this film, when i was a little boy. I will never forget this scary suspense horror film. I know John Carpenter name in some of his films like Escape From New York, The fog, Star Man, The thing, Big Trouble In Little  China, Christine, and Christine. John always used a 2.35.1 format  Panavision. I love that format in movies, i but movies in a widescreen  format on DVD. MIcheal Myers is one of the scariest soulless killer in  film history. Like Norman Bates In Pyscho or any Serial killers in a movie.  Written By John Carpenter And Debra Hill. This film is extremly well  written on the film story lines. We don`t know how micheal come back to his  home town since he killed his sister in 1963 and we don`t why. But is  explain in Halloween 2 and H6-The curse of micheal myers. Film Debut of  Jamie Lee Curtis Gives a fine performance on the First and Second film.  Also a Terrific Performance on H20-Twenty Years later.
6304044836|5.0|I just loved the movie, also I would like to see Julia Ormand in other romantic movies. Harrison Ford does no wrong in any of his movies.  I can't wait for this movie to become available in DVD. I have watched this movie  no less than 25 times.
6301562925|3.0|I forget to said one thing about the series in Halloween 5. The mystery man in black is there to take micheal under his wing to protect for six years. He's cult member also the man make micheal crazy as a child and he  was micheal doctor before Dr. Loomis. That why Halloween 5 and 6 works  together in the plot twist.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is undoubtedly Moby's most electic and ambitious effort to date.   This album is a glorious composition of his many diverse musical inspirations, spanning many generations and genres.  Once crowned as  the king of the bourgening techno scene in the early 90's, Moby has  branched out and showcased his sprawling talent.  Songs like \\"Why Does My  Heart Feel So Bad?\\" pulls otherwise unrelated elements such as heart-felt  gospel and blues and transcendent, ambient synths into seamless, glowing  works.  His devotion to the beat and old-school hip-hop is in tact, as  evidenced by the nostalgic boom-box track \\"Bodyrock\\".  This wicked mix is  beautifully enhanced with sweeping synth hooks without compromising the  \\"get up and dance, y'all\\" feel of the groove.  Throughout the album,  various instrumental samples including folksy guitar work and delicate  piano play are complemented by an array of vocal styles from spiritual  Eastern to melodic Western.  After thorough exploration of these  18-tracks, one can glimpse the many other hidden muses which inspired Moby  to produce such a masterful effort that pushes beyond conventional pop  sensibilities.  Choosing a favorite song for this album is rather difficult  and then ultimately becomes random as one track alone can not convey the  depth of this album.  Regardless, for those of you that are so inclined,  you will discover that for yourself...
B00000JPYD|5.0|This album is one of the defining albums of 70's era rock.A guitar virtuoso's must listen, simply put- Amazing!
B000002JBG|2.0|Track number 5 was spectacular. One of the best rap songs I've ever heard. It was an amazing song by Method Man, B-Real, Coolio, LL, Busta. Method Man and LL had the best lyrics and beats were very well done. The song was full  of energy and you can bang your head to it as well. All the other rap songs  on this CD is a joke, they are some of WORST I've ever heard. I am a big  rap fan but other than Hit Em High those other guys just plain WACK. I DO  NOT recommend you to get this CD if you like hardcore rap, like me. Just  download the MP3 Hit &quot;Em High. Fly Like An Eagle was good an also is I  Believe I can Fly.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|One of the best available out there---great punk/rockabilly/pop/rock/ reggae/etc. They go all over the map in just over an hour, and the result is one of the most consistent albums ever made. It's perfect. Enough said.
B000002UAX|5.0|HIGHPOINT:THE SONGS.LOWPOINT: INCITED MULTIPLE HOMICIDES (I.E. CHARLIE MANSON). COOL RECORD THOUGH.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Even though I'm not a real jazz listener, I first heard of Diana Krall on PBS one late night and I was spellbound. I purchased her latest CD and was very pleased. Her silky voice and wonderful arrangement of musicians does  put the hook in you. I loved the different flavours of jazz from the smoky  lounge &quot;When I Look in Your Eyes&quot; to the up-beat &quot;Popsicle  Toes&quot;. When I was a young head-banger, I would laugh at my uncle's  jazz collection thinking it was &quot;un-cool&quot;. Now 31, I have new  appreciation for other music. Thank You Diana!
6305263248|4.0|From reading the unfavorable reviews, I see that many watchers were nonplussed by things that an audience trained to enjoy action-film conventions would dislike.  First, not having omniscience of the plot and  all its details, to include the unrevealed contents of the case.  Second,  the relative economy of the dialogue, which wanted for pithy one-liners and  irrelevant references to pop culture.  Third, the small and localized  setting of the action, which seemed not to involve the security of the free  world, justice or some greater truth.<br />John Frankenheimer explains his  intent with great clarity when you turn the &quot;Commentary&quot; option  on.  He explains that the audience never learns the contents of the case  because it's really not important from the protagonists' point of view, and  I agree: these men have no desire to know what they will steal so long as  they are paid adequately.  It follows a sound logic.<br />As far as the  dialogue is concerned, I can enjoy the fact that the characters speak only  when it suits some purpose, and will often leave things unsaid for the  audience to wonder about.  For example, John Frankenheimer speaks briefly  about the man in the wheelchair, whom three characters discuss without this  man ever appearing in the film.  It's unimportant that we learn more about  him than his position as a fixer and procurer of talent for privately  funded, illegal operations requiring the skills of former secret  operatives.<br />I appreciate the ingenuity of its presentation.  In other  films, the operatives might have a sheet of information passed from  inviolate sources to plan their attack, or they could watch from high-orbit  satellites as they moved in.  The bit with DeNiro improvising a loud  metallic noise to test the reflexes of the opposing security team was  brilliant - the act of a smart and resourceful man with few assets beyond  his own intelligence.  When these characters speak, they imply a depth of  cunning and experience that shades the action in interesting ways.<br />Maybe  you didn't like it that much on its first viewing, but if you don't mind a  shift in your viewing paradigms, _Ronin_ is really satisfying.  Again, I  recommend the DVD but even renting and watching it twice should prove  entertaining...if you don't demand to be spoonfed by the films that you  watch.
0440178002|5.0|It's hard but I'm going to make this as short and as sweet as possible. Shogun grips you like the &quot;jaws of life&quot; and absolutley refuses to let you down. If you read this outstanding novel, by the time your  finished your going to look back and wish you had about 100 more chapters  left. You just won't want the story to end, ever...
B00003CWQ2|5.0|This film is without a doubt a masterpiece beyond words.How film critics could just brush the movie off with negative reviews is beyond my comprehension.Beautiful yet disturbing,extremely violent but  thoughtful,Fight Club is a film that should have racked up more Oscar nods  than American Beauty or anything else.One of the ten best films ever  created.
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica is a brilliant group. James' strong voice makes you feel the lyrics. You can't go wrong with Metallica. Rock on!
6302814782|5.0|Unlike any of the 100+ horror movies i've seen before,this one was unusually real.it delivered good graphics,great acting,and humorous situations.While it's obvious the movie came from the eighties,it delivers  special effects and acting on the nineties level.The work of a legend  like  Joel Schumacher should be brought back with sequals and dvd.This movie is  also one of the better classics that I've seen.
B000001ESF|4.0|Though Rush had 3 albums before 2112, this is the one where their true sound and what would make the band in the coming years comes together. It is raw Rock & Roll refined. Rush experiments with new sounds and ideas. Buy it! The album may take a three or four times it to get used to it, but after that, you won't put it down.<BR>The Rush fan community believes Rush's best albums are 2112 through power windows. They are all good but those are the ones fans believe everyone should have. For your info, the album orders are as follows: Rush, Fly by night, carress of steel, 2112, All The Worlds A Stage(live), A farewell to Kings, Hemispheres, Permenant Waves, Moving Pictures, Exist Stage Left (live), signals, grace under pressure, power windows, hold your fire, A Show of Hands (live), Presto,(chronicals released)Counter parts, Roll the Bones, Test For Echo, a final (3) disc live album. And a new Studio disc set for release in May 2002<br />A warning, if you buy this and enjoy it, Rush is addicting and as you can see. . . they have alot of albums.<br />\\"and the meek shal inherit the earth.\\" N.P. 2112
6302878756|1.0|this film was typical over the top 80's with different Gadgets and whatnot.Stallone doesn't have a chance in a Comedy or even a Semi-Comedy.Russell is out of place playing second fiddle to Stallone.
0385474547|2.0|I am sorry, but this book is just plain horrible.  there is no plot to speak of, the characters are bland and not very original and the style of writing nearly put me to sleep.  If you want to read good african  literature, read Cry the Beloved Country!
6302800420|5.0|Dustin Hoffman shows why he is one of the greatest actors of all-time in this funny twisted film.he plays his character very well.this film has inspired alot of other Knockoff films but this one stands out.it's as funny  as Some Like it Hot with Jack Lemon.
B00000IO4J|4.0|I like this film because it relates to teens but also it questions all those other scary movies saying mabby there really are aliens. It kindov says mabby all those sci-fi non fiction movies where writen by people who  actually saw aliens or are perpering us for aliens. This is a must see   film.
6302638771|5.0|Oliver Stone does a fantastic job here.the cast is incredible.with each passing year a new theory comes out about the death Of John F.Kennedy.Kevin Costner is Money through out.it's a real Epic that keeps your eyes glued to  it.
0792841344|5.0|I think this movie was originally rated X until some scenes were cut from it back in 1979. I remember seeing this movie for the first time in a theatre. Back in 1979 this was something different and original--and it  still is 21 years later!     Phantasm is classic horror with a bit of  sci-fi mixed in. A very clever plot and convincing enough acting. This  movie is a must for all horror fans. Watch it at home alone at night with  all the lights turned off. If it doesn't scare you-you're dead--like it  says in the original movie trailer.
6304702205|1.0|i don't know who is more dryer Yanni or John Tesh? both Equally weak&amp;boring.this video is good for a Nap to.his music is Lifeless and Lame.he bops his head like he has a Groove going on? that's the funny part.
B000000FG8|5.0|Operation Ivy did the ska-punk-pop thing before almost anybody and did it great. If you want some studio punk (Blink 182) this isn't for you, but I recommend (no command) all real punk fans to buy this CD if you don't have  it already. The quality of the recording is 1980's Do It Yourself but the  songs are full of true felt emotion, and awesome lyrics. You can hear thier  influence in bands like Less Than Jake, Suicide Machines, even in Blink  182. I listened to this CD everyday for 2 years, it's that good.
6303012140|1.0|this film is a bad Joke.it would have been interesting if the film had have been focused but it's all over the place with no real direction at all.Stallone's Ego overrides everything here.Bullock is flat as  usual.Snipes isn't challenged at all and it shows.
B000002H33|5.0|This is definitley the best MetallicA album. It has everything:Deep lyrics, great tempo, bass, drum and guitar solos, in a word all MetallicA is about. The best tracks are: of course &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; and  &quot;Orion&quot;.    It's a pity that MetallicA went down after this  album, &quot;..And Justice for All&quot; was still great, but  &quot;Metallica&quot; was already too commercial.
0783216084|5.0|Jaws is a one of a kind Thriller.the Horror of the Water has never been the same.alot of movies have tried to duplicate what Jaws did nearly 30 years ago but they just don't come even close.even the follow ups to Jaws  were so-so to Lame.the sea was never the same again.
6305537798|5.0|I'm not a big fan of teen movies (I hated 'She's All That' and 'Never Been Kissed), because they often have no depth or substance, and are rarely funny. For some strange reason, I loved '10 Things I Hate About You'. It  was smart, cute, and the actors were actually good! The snappy lines and  charm of Julia Stiles, Heath Ledger, and that guy off of 'Third Rock From  the Sun', really got to me, and now I plan to own this movie ASAP. Go watch  it TODAY! You won't regret it.
6304509154|5.0|very intense and alot of action.this film was great back in the 80's and still holds up well even today.the other two follow ups are Lame compared to this.nice&amp;Creepy.
6304509170|4.0|Sorry to have to do that, folks, but the awesome potential of this movie's premise could have been best executed by the likes of Don Taylor (director of 'Omen 2'). This isn't to attack David Cronenberg; I enjoyed 'Shivers'  immensely and he finally lost that damned annoying muddy sound on 'The  Fly'. Even so, the movie possesses more than one air of cheap video  nastiness about it. The justly famous head explosion is something that has  to be seen to be appreciated for what it is: a classic effect by the  standards of any era, let alone 1981! <br />    Down to the acting. McGoohan  is laughably good, his trademark baritone and bushy beard adding much  credibility to his role as the directing professor. Lack lacks anything to  make him stand out which bolsters the realism of his role (another reviewer  hit on this) and the way he is received by the rest of the cast. Clearly,  Cronenberg did not want the raw excellence of the film's novel feel to play  second fiddle to any greater actors. Still, there's a good deal of second  rate movie talent here (come on...we have to be realistic at the end of the  day) and a great deal of budget seems to have been ploughed into everything  but the abominably impeded sound.<br />     The great dilemma about 'Scanners'  is whether to treat it as a real horror film or to be more rational and  relegate its status to that of cult hit. Bearing in mind that 'The Texas  Chainsaw Massacre', 'The Evil Dead' and 'Halloween' greeted cinema  audiences with an identical appearance, it's hard to slam this film by  forbidding it to 'make it' also. It's just that 'Scanners' just doesn't  possess as much of the stuff that did it for the aforementioned three.  Cronenberg, while good here, just can't pull off Hooper's spirit-crushing  style or Carpenter's cheap (yet effective) camera method. What 'Scanners'  has is a magic born of a killer story aided by a plausible plot and  hampered only by its competition and that bloody awful sound job!  Definitely worth the money for a rental but I'd be careful about playing  for keeps unless you absolutely love Cronenberg's EARLY work. Remember that  many of his titles from this period have been slaughtered by movie critics  all over. I'm not saying to run with the herd here but I do believe that  that consensus must have been some sort of indicator as far as the  picture's intrinsic value goes.....there's no smoke without a fire,  although the fire in 'Scanners' leaves at least a very well done charred  corpse in its wake.<br />Recommended by this scrap of flesh to serious and not  so serious students of film everywhere.
014028009X|3.0|V.g. I recommended this book to all my friends; perfect for a nice, quiet afternoon, although if you are that kind of person that can't put up with other people's constant blundering, don't read it, it will only get on your  nerves.
B00003IPFK|1.0|Because it is advertised as 2.0 stereo surround the movie itself should be in stereo not just the extras....video transfer from a VHS copy.?   of course I am a fan of the MOVIE...just not this DVD version.. there is no  excuse except greed.
0684872153|5.0|At first I wasn't interested in reading a book that took place in Ireland, but I agree with the person who wrote about Roma Downey.  She's so beautiful and makes you feel so good that I decided I wanted to read about  something that happened in her country.  <br />I'm glad I read it.  Life must  always have been hard in Ireland, whether during Frank's time or some 35  years later during Roma Downey's time.  <br />This book will make you laugh  and cry!
B00000064G|5.0|Yes, I'm here thanks to VW. And thank you VW! One has to marvel at advertisers who could capture in video the stunning, quiet beauty of this CD. &quot;Pink Moon&quot; is just the intro to a rich world you'll want to  return to over and over again. I'd say buy it now, but I think you'll want  Drake's box set after hearing this. I do. And if you like this, I'd  recommend Elliott Smith and Sarah Dougher, both sensitive savvy  singer/songwriters who also happen to be alive.
0679720200|3.0|I know that I should be all for expanding my literary horizons, and usually I am, but Camus' The Stranger is just downright boring.  Sure, it made me think and that's great and all, but the story wasn't interesting to  me in the least.  The only reason I got a lot out of this book was because  of the interesting class discussions that we had about different parts of  the book.  These discussions tended to drift away from the actual plot,  which is one of the reasons that they could hold my attention more than the  book could. Not to say that this book wasn't worth reading. It was a short  book and it honestly made me think about my life and how I relate to the  people around me. Also, since I was assigned to do the creative commentary  on this book, I got more involved with it than some of the other members of  my class.  My creative commentary focused on the personality of the lead  character, Mersault.  He is compared to all of the other characters in the  book who are flat and only there to bring out the absurdity in Mersault.  This book also helped me to better understand existentialism.  I had read  works by both Camus and Kafka before, but this was the first one i truly  understood.  I think the class discussions may have played a role in that,  because my teacher helped to explain the parts of the book that were  unclear to us.
6305657939|2.0|Save your time and money. There's only one Thomas Crown, and you can see him in the 1968 version. That film was a classic; this one is just a Hollywood movie. The first was tight and edgy; this one is slow and sloppy.  Brosnon is still playing Bond; Russo looks middle aged and bored. So was I.
6305750750|5.0|I am a Star Wars freak and even if a wasn't a Star Wars freak I would LOVE this Movie!  I give it five stars because it has really cool music,affects,and charactars.
B00000F1D3|1.0|here we have cher's latest opus--ten tracks of flavorless porno movie background music that would have been laughed off the charts if it had come from just about anyone else.  cher's singing remains as hopeless as it  always has been--as resonant as cardboard and so tuneless that she might as  well be rapping.  in someone else's hands the retro chic 70s disco stylings  of this disc might have provided some interesting contrapuntal commentary  on 90s techno innovations, but cher just doesn't have artistic acumen to  make that lead balloon rise even one inch off the ground.  some of this  stuff is danceable, but so is a k-mart drum machine, which is just about as  interesting.   from her start in the 3rd rate lounge act, ceasar and cleo,  through sonny and cher, greg allman, films and infomercials, cher has waged  a relentless, one woman war against the taste and mind of america, proving  time and again that p.t. barnum was a genius and a visionary.
B000002UB3|5.0|One of the best ever; the suites that makes up the second half of the CD are worth the price and account for fifteen minutes very well spent. Buy this CD; your ears will thank you later.
B000002J1U|5.0|I love this album so much.I love all zep albums up to number 7,but this one holds the best acoustic song zep ever put out.&quot;Tangerine&quot; is the most memorable song on this album,and is even better than &quot;going  to California&quot;,which was a masterpiece.Also &quot;immagrant song&quot;  has a very catchy riff.My only complaint,which really isnt a complaint,is  that i want more!These songs were very short.Regardless,i love this album  and every song on it.Buy it now.
B00000JNOJ|5.0|Excellent pick, for those specifically into the classic, slow, acoustic blues... just a guitar, a basic beat, and that killer voice.
B000002J1U|5.0|I love this album so much.I love all zep albums up to number 7,but this one holds the best acoustic song zep ever put out.&quot;Tangerine&quot; is the most memorable song on this album,and is even better than &quot;going  to California&quot;,which was a masterpiece.Also &quot;immagrant song&quot;  has a very catchy riff.My only complaint,which really isnt a complaint,is  that i want more!These songs were very short.Regardless,i love this album  and every song on it.Buy it now.
B000002B7M|5.0|Ozzy is a very good vocalist, and the lyrics often express great meaning, but the real high point of this album is Rhandy Rhodes' guitar playing.  He is absolutely the greatest musician of the century, and this album  showcases his abilities better than any other except the live Randy Rhodes  Tribute album.  The guitar solos on &quot;Mr. Crowley&quot;,  &quot;Revelation&quot;, and &quot;Dee&quot; show how much feeling a skilled  musician can communicate without words, and give modern &quot;Rock&quot;  bands something to aspire to.  After hearing the prevailing style of guitar  in recent music which seems to consist of little more than ripping on the  instrument with no regard for the sounds produced, the clean, precise riffs  and chords Randy plays are simply amazing.  Content on this album is very  good as well.  The first two songs &quot;I Don't Know&quot; and &quot;Crazy  Train&quot; (yes, the song from the Mitsubishi commercials) set the tone  for the whole album without being overly serious or imposing.   &quot;Goodbye to Romance&quot; is an excellent ballad that addresses Ozzy's  feelings about leaving Black Sabbath. &quot;Dee&quot; is a great 40 second  acoustic solo by Rhodes, the only imperfection in it is that it is so  short. &quot;Suicide Solution&quot; is a decent song, but the lyrics can  easily be misunderstood.  With the exception of the guitar solo, &quot;Mr.  Crowley&quot; is forgetable.  &quot;No Bone Movies&quot; is either a joke  or a production mistake, because it is not at all good and seems to be  filler.  &quot;Revelation&quot; is really, really good, and it is almost  impossible to pinpoint the moment when the song switches from a ballad to a  fast-paced rock song.  The last 90 seconds or so of this song are possibly  the greatest in all of music.  On any other album &quot;Steal Away&quot;  might be considered the centerpiece, but it just can't hang with most of  the other songs on this album.  In conclusion, regardless of you opinion of  Ozzy as an individual or Metal as a music style, this album is excellent  simply for the way it showcases the brilliant Rhandy Rhodes at his very  best.
0385484518|5.0|you get to read a book that (sniff, sniff) affects you in a really nice way.  this book did.  read it if not to remind yourself that you are part of a bigger family :)
0812551508|4.0|even though i do not read a lot of books, this one started out extremely difficult for me. as i continued to read it, it became very interesting and exciting. the &quot;old english&quot; style of talking is what threw me the  hardest loop. I guess all in all, frankenstein was good reading and maybe  in a couple of years i'd read it again.
1573301183|5.0|Anyone who has ever listened to Alice in Chains knows that the music they do seems to deal alot with despair and the rebellious grunge movement of the early 90's. Songs like Angry Chair, Rooster, Would,and Down in a Hole,  just to name a few. Though as you listen to this Unplugged version of all  these before mentioned songs as well as many of the band's other hits, they  all seem to have an new meaning to them. Layne Staley and Jerry Cantrell  work better as a team than anyone has since Lennon and McCartney because  their voices and talents complement each other so well....If you are not an  AIC fan, you might be after watching this superb live performance!
B000001EHS|5.0|No matter what anybody says, Def Leppard is IT! This CD is only a fraction of their best hits.  The only thing I don't like about this CD is it is only 15 songs long.  This could've been a double CD.  But, enjoy what  you've got.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club is THE most original film released in the 21st Century thus far. Brad Pitt has shown us his best with a character that he was essentially born to play. Edward Norton is one of the most talented actors  around and Fight Club only exemplifies this. To even begin to explain the  plot would give even Einstein a headache, this is because there is so many  genres and sideplots seamlessly blended into Fight Club. This credit goes  to a sharp script and an even better director, David Fincher has finally  proven himself as a future legend.
B000007177|5.0|&quot;Nightcap&quot; is a collection of rare and unreleased tracks by Jethro Tull, however the material of this album is actually pretty good (and what Jethro Tull songs *wouldn't* be good?) Disc 1 chronicles the  &quot;Chateau D'Isaster&quot;, a collection of songs recorded in 1973 which  would evolve into &quot;A Passion Play&quot; later that year. The one track  that especially stands out here is &quot;Look At The Animals&quot;. The  second disc features material recorded during the &quot;Warchild&quot;  sessions as well as during the 80s and early 90s, but mostly focuses around  songs recorded in 1981 (and knowing that they also made a number of other  rare tracks such as &quot;Jack-A-Lynn&quot; during that year it would make  you wonder why Tull hadn't released an album between the &quot;A&quot; and  &quot;Broadsword&quot; albums showcasing these songs!) The  &quot;Warchild&quot; outtakes are superb, and we also find Ian Anderson  &amp; Co. even trying their hand at a *country* song (&quot;Truckstop  Runner&quot;)! If you can't get enough of Jethro Tull, this album is  definitely a keeper. Album Highlights: &quot;Look At The Animals&quot;,  &quot;Paradise Steakhouse&quot;, &quot;Sealion 2&quot;,  &quot;Quartet&quot;, &quot;Commons Brawl&quot;, &quot;Lights Out&quot;,  &quot;Truckstop Runner&quot;, &quot;Hardliner&quot;.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|The songs on this cd shows how great Fiona really is. She is one of the most talented singers you'll ever hear. She has a wonderful voice and great at the piano. She wrote all of the song on that cd and they are all great.
B000002GB9|5.0|&quot;The Grand Illusion&quot; is one of Styx's finest efforts, with its excellent combination of pop and art-rock and the constant positive message throughout the album that implies that one should be proud of him- or  herself for who they are (&quot;The Grand Illusion&quot;, &quot;Fooling  Yourself&quot;). A must have for classic rock fans, and the quintessential  Styx studio album. Album Highlights: &quot;The Grand Illusion&quot;,  &quot;Fooling Yourself&quot;, &quot;Come Sail Away&quot;, &quot;Castle  Walls&quot;.
B000001IPL|5.0|Incredible!every song is great. get it no
B0000009SY|5.0|If you've sampled Frank Zappa or bought his &quot;Strictly Commercial&quot; compilation and are looking for a Zappa studio album to start your FZ collection with, &quot;Joe's Garage&quot; is the way to go.  &quot;Joe's Garage&quot; is a sharply-executed rock opera looking at the  &quot;what-if&quot; scenario of music getting banned, and focuses around  the misadventures of an aspiring rock-star named Joe. The performance of FZ  and his band is amazingly excellent and these musicians are amongst the  most talented ever. Although some may be offended by FZ's sometimes risque  wit presented in the lyrics of many of the songs, he shows off his wit in  good humor and taste, and the result is hilarious. Not to mention that FZ  as always shows off his guitar expertise. An essential Zappa album for any  rock music lover. Album Highlights: &quot;Central Scrutinizer&quot;,  &quot;Joe's Garage&quot;, &quot;Catholic Girls&quot;, &quot;Why Does It  Hurt When I Pee&quot;, &quot;Stick It Out&quot;, &quot;Packard Goose&quot;,  &quot;A Little Green Rosetta&quot;.
B000002UYZ|5.0|I never thought i'd like the Beatles, but I was dead wrong.26 genuine classics.Not as experimental as the blue one, but the red is an essential part of any music collection.
B000002J2D|5.0|1978 found Genesis a threesome consisting of Phil Collins, Tony Banks and Mike Rutherford, but it turns out 3 was the magic number for this legendary prog-pop group. &quot;ATTW3&quot; finds Genesis blending the prog-rock they  had been previously known for with the pop music that they would focus on  in later recordings, and the combination works quite well in this case.  While the album's one hit single &quot;Follow You, Follow Me&quot; is good,  the album also has much better songs on it as well. If you like Genesis,  you'll want to get this album. A masterpiece. Album Highlights:  &quot;Ballad Of Big&quot;, &quot;Snowbound&quot;, &quot;Scenes From A  Night's Dream&quot;, &quot;The Lady Lies&quot;.
B000002AQQ|4.0|I like it.  I like it a-laht...
B000002J2F|5.0|This is, arguably, the best Genesis album ever. &quot;Duke&quot; is a perfect mix of pop and progressive rock, complete with Phil Collins' spellbinding vocals and bombastic drumming, Tony Banks' sweeping  synthesizers, and Mike Rutherford's great guitar &amp; bass work. A  must-buy masterpiece. Once you've listened to it, all you'll want to do is  &quot;Turn It On Again&quot;! Album Highlights: &quot;Duchess&quot;,  &quot;Man Of Our Times&quot;, &quot;Heathaze&quot;, &quot;Turn It On  Again&quot;, &quot;Duke's Travels&quot;.
B00000INEX|2.0|I have a 12 month old.  We had Baby Mozart from the start and she loves it, stil, and I love it.  It makes her smile, clap and bounce up and down with delight as soon as she hears the introductory music.  I ignored the  reviews and bought Baby Bach, for a change of pace. As one reviewer wrote,  it does seem a lazier effort, the visual clips and the audio clips are much  too short and not very interesting.    Julie Clark's daughters are cute,  but not very amusing for even my 12 month old.  Baby Mozart was much, much  better, but even Bach, is better TV than TV for young ones.
6302816238|5.0|This epic adventure pits Lee against hundreds(seemingly)on a deadly island fortress. Lee is sent to an international martial arts tournament as an agent to uncover the sinister plot of Mr. Han. The fight scenes are  incomparable to any before it or after. It's hard to beleive any human  being could possibly move that fast. One only has to blink and miss several  key techniques i.e. the start of the fight between Lee and Ohara, Lee's  lightning hook kicks to Han's face, the triple punch to Sammo Hung in the  title's opening duel to name but a few. Another element that sets Lee apart  from the rest, is his &quot;emotional content&quot; that is displayed so  beleivably real, one might think these men have truly been killed. Bob  Wall, the despicable Ohara has been quoted &quot;there is little else as  terrifying as Bruce Lee staring you in the eyes with the look of total  commitment to your destruction!&quot; In the scene where Bruce Lee kicks  Ohara into the tournament onlookers, the man Ohara flies into, actually  gets both arms broken from the impact! Whether you are a practicing martial  artist or just looking for a great way to kill (pun intended) a couple of  hours, I highly recommend this movie. Lee is truly awe inspiring!
B000002GJ7|4.0|Just to clarify my review and Mr. Henry Padilla's.. yes, Nuno DOES play 'Flight of the Wounded Bumblebee'.  Check the sleeve again, sir.  Dweezil Zappa plays the intro and outro solos on He-Man Woman Hater, NOT 'FotWB'.   That's Nuno.  As for my thoughts on Pornograffitti, see my review below,  people.
B00002E23H|5.0|I went opening night to see this movie and I loved it! Saffron Burowws does a great job in this movie and it scared the S**t out of me. If you loved Jaws you will love Deep Blue Sea.
B000000WGL|4.0|This disc makes a guy yearn for the complete accompany of the real Rolling Stones band. The songs seem very alike and lack a brisker lyrical mix up that you always get on a Stones album (sour song-then sweet ballad). I  think Richards can get stuck in a rut too much- both riff wise, mood wise,  and lyric wise- it can become a little too predictable. Nice to own though,  if you need a little filtering.
B000001ZS8|5.0|Vocals... recorded phrases and words in 15 different languages used to create music. Can this get any more interesting and bizzare than this?  Yet this is Jarre and his glorious, intoxicating and usual magnificence. I  personally didn't like one track, but it was overrun by the others. A true  inspirer indeed.
6303168507|3.0|This film was way too &quot;pretty&quot; considering the subject matter. Creative camera angles, decadently decaying atmosphere, lush score --- an inappropriate technique for something about the Holocaust. It made me sick  to watch the scenes where corpses are being transported. Not because the  subject of the scenes were gruesome, but because the scenes are  sensationalized with overtly tear-jerking music as if to say &quot;this is  the part where you're supposed to cry.&quot; The girl in the red dress was  just a sad attempt at symbolism and was so contrived. It was one of the  film's shallow attempts at complexity. Never before has a movie been such  an ideal example of &quot;Oscar-Bait.&quot; The way the movie was made just  cries out &quot;this is an important movie!&quot; or &quot;you must respect  me as a masterpiece!&quot; The over-indulgence with technique makes a  mockery of the Holocaust. The movie is even manipulative to the last minute  when people are putting stones on Schindler's grave and there is a long  forced moment of silence that is purposefully there to get the audience to  contemplate what they've just seen. The movie is so self-conscious  concerning it's own importance. There are many great movies made about the  horrors of the Holocaust. This is not one of them. It's better if you see  documentaries on the subject which are by far more informing.
6305718954|5.0|This movie was breathtaking to say the very least.  It was very well filmed,  It should win awards for its beautiful scenary.  I would compare it with the exorist but it was very different.  Patricia Arquette gave a  excellent and believing performance.  It is to hard to put into words but  it is a movie well worth seeing.
B000023VR6|3.0|I thought it would be better. It does has some phat tracks.Like Still D.R.E. and Forgot About Dre.Some beats are killa.I rated it three stars because theres 2 many tracks and theres only 5 good songs.
6304494661|3.0|In my opnion, the first Karate Kid was by far the superior film.  However, the different cultural setting and new characters in the 2nd do keep the movie interesting.  Still, I agree with the question, what happened to  Elizabeth Shue. Granted, she was a little over-weight in those days, but  dang...it's Elizabeth Shue!
B00000064G|5.0|I have not even heard the whole CD yet and already I love N.D.'s music! I heard &quot;Pink Moon&quot; on that VW commercial and instantly loved it! My sis told me who it was so I am about to buy the CD. That commercial made  me want to go out and buy a VW! His music is so relaxing!
B000001FS6|4.0|The listener from Californ-eye-ay probably summed it up best, that this album is all over the place, although I disagree about some of the specifics.  Although I don't like making any kind of generalization about  music, certain generalizations about the songs on this album hold.  There  are really four kinds of songs.  First, there are covers of songs done best  by other bands (&quot;Helter Skelter&quot;, &quot;All Along the  Watchtower,&quot; amd I guess the fragments of &quot;Freedom for My  People&quot; and &quot;Star Spangled Banner&quot; count, too).  These are  all largely pointless.  Next are covers of U2's own songs (&quot;I Still  Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot;, &quot;Pride&quot;, &quot;Bullet  the Blue Sky&quot;)  which are as impressive and awesome as the first kind  of covers are flat and boring.  (Bono's preachy rant at the end of  &quot;Bullet the Blue Sky&quot; just barely avoids ruining it.) Then there  are the new original songs.  (No, I don't mean covers of songs by the New  Originals!) Of these, coincidentally or not, the five that get radio  airplay (&quot;Desire&quot;, &quot;Angel of Harlem&quot;, &quot;When Love  Comes to Town&quot;, &quot;God Part II&quot;, &quot;All I Want Is  You&quot;) are all very good.  The rest are all boring and unmemorable,  although not actually bad.  To some up, you have a total of eight really  good songs, five not so great, and four that should never have been  released (or re-released).  Also, even if all the songs were good, the  album is ridiculously haphazard and incohesive.  Okay, I've seen worse.   Buy this album for the remarkable redoing of &quot;I Still Haven't Found  What I'm Looking For&quot; and the powerful &quot;Desire&quot; and  &quot;When Love Comes to Town&quot; and skip over the boring or  embarrassing tracks.  Or better yet, buy the U2 albums that are better than  this one (War, The Unforgettable Fire, The Joshua Tree, Achtung Baby, Boy)  before buying this minor mistake in the careerof a great band.
0151003084|5.0|This is a great book which I plan to someday buy (I have the poster). This could be used as an aid to teaching children the alphabet. The whole thing is incredibly disturbing and yet intriguing-the only REALLY disturbing image is little Kate, with an axe buried in her chest. I'm glad to see I'm  not the only sick person out there...
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed's second CD is a shining example of the heights rock 'n roll is capable of acheiving under the guidence of a band like Creed.  After months of waiting for the release of this album, it more than lived up to my  expectations.  Creed has produced an instant classic that will be  attracting new fans long after much of the music of '99 has been forgotten.   I listen to this Cd every day and never grow tired of it, the mark of  truly great music.  Well worth buying.
6301976622|5.0|This is a wonderful movie, but thinking about it, I cann't really tell what makes it great. Sure, the sets look spectacular, there is good acting, especially from Ustinov, there is even a bit of a plot, but it is none of  those things in itself. I suppose it is the combination, that makes Quo  Vadis such a pleasure to see, even if the plot about an arrogant Roman  general falling for a Christian slave-girl is a bit corny and historically  the whole story is completely ridiculous. Despite being somewhat overlong  Quo Vaduis keeps the attention in a way few movies can and even after all  this time it still doen't look out of date; a tribute to the actors and the  director.
1558908498|5.0|I loved this movie.  I was kinda disappointed at the dvd version.  There is hardly any special features except the theatrical trailer.  And there is one flaw on the dvd version of scream 2.  If you watch closely right before  Sarah Michelle Gellar is thrown off the balcony, when she is above the  railing, you see this head pop up out of nowhere.  It's just for a second,  so you have to be paying attention when you are watching.  This guy just's  stares up at her while she is thrown off the roof.  I found it profoundly  funny.
0783223218|4.0|I do not realy understand the problem people have with this movie. In fact I found it more interesting than the original 'Day of the Jackal' The pace is faster, there is more action and the storie has been less drawn out.  Being shorter the Jackal keeps the attention in a way the original failed  to do. So it is not Shakespeare, but then again, it does not pretend to be.  With the use of good actors; Willis, Gere, Poitier this movie rises above  the usual action level. The plot is not anything to shout about, but it is  not bad and the characters are well developed, even if Richard Gere's Irish  accent tends to slip. A good movie, as long as you don't expect more than  entertainment.
B00002SWEM|5.0|Excelente trabajo, sacar del olvido a este grupo de talentosos msicos y mostrarlos al mundo en una Cuba detenida en el tiempo, ha sido una maravillosa labor. Soy una persona joven y esta msica siempre ha sido del  agrado de mis padres y yo aprend a amarla con ellos, es divino ver a estos  viejos dando lo mejor de si como un gran ejemplo para las nuevas  generaciones. Bravo por Ry Cooder y su equipo por este magnifico trabajo.
0790729652|5.0|&quot;Batman&quot; is easily the best out of all the &quot;Batman&quot; films. It has a better cast than all of the other films in the series and it is the best directed one also. Michael Keaton will always be the best  Batman. The sets and production values in this film are also amazing.
0525244581|5.0|This book is the perfect book to introduce anyone to eastern philosophy; particularly Taoism.  Hoff's use of A.A. Milne's characters as a backdrop is excellent and lucid without being overly simple.  Further if you already  enjoy eastern philosophy you will be amazed at how accurately Hoff explains  Taoism through everyone' favorite yellow bear.
1573226521|5.0|i read the book and couldn't put it down.  it was amazing.  i read it in like 3 days.  then i saw the movie.  it was HORRIBLE!   for some reason i can't even fathom, they decided to leave out two very important characters,  splitting their roles among others. things that never happened in the book  were happening in the movie and the things that did happen in the book and  the movie happened all out of order.  i think i need to reread the book to  get the movie out of my head.  if you want to know the true story of the  beach read the book and forget about the movie.
B000006YGY|5.0|Ocean Wings to fly your soul of your humanity The words cannot describe my feeling after the time finishing another swim in my oceans of questions. Ocean is the best! On it is not appropriate term. When the nothing like to  compare the meaning best is worthless. It deeps you. It is space sheep that  guide you, when it was nothing you wont loose your way. It prologues with  warning, It decays with crashing, It ends with agony of the genius.
6305750750|3.0|With the release of Episode I, a new and old generation of Star Wars &quot;buffs&quot; gathered...the reactions were very mixed.  The biggest of the flaws to this movie was the fact that Lucas had diverted from an  audience of older, more mature thinkers of the original trilogy, to a more  child-like movie for the younger viewers (especially the dreaded Jar Jar  Binks)...the actors and actresses in this movie did not do as well as the  such-which for the trilogy.  The way that Jake Lloyd acted out this movie  is in comparison to the way that most children would act out movies in the  early 1940s...also the movie was made to be more &quot;Americanized&quot;  than a real distant, and unknown culture.  Yes, Lucas has lost his dark,  spiritual, and intellectual touch...
B000006YGY|5.0|Ocean: Wings to fly your soul of your humanity The words cannot describe my feeling after the time finishing another swim in my oceans of questions. Ocean is the best! On it is not appropriate term. When the nothing like to  compare the meaning best is worthless. It deeps you. It is space sheep that  guide you, when it was nothing you wont loose your way. It prologues with  warning, It decays with crashing, It ends with agony of the genius.
0440211727|4.0|I've seen the movie and read the book...I must say that the book is very inconceivable and define. The unexpected and beyond surprising events of the raped ten year old, Tonya Hailey lead her father, Carl Lee Hailey, to  take the two rapists' lives in his own hands. Meanwhile, Carl's lawyer,  Jake Bigance was threatened by the Ku Klux Klan and many disastrous  occurance were taken place (which would of led anyone to give up his case).  However, Jake did not fail to make a fulfilling speech which justifys that  Carl's actions were righteous. To Jake's assistance, there was Roark, a  &quot;brilliant, wicked chick&quot; who did not really make a difference in  this story. Mostly why I highly recommend this book!
B000002U9K|5.0|if you want a recording that sums up the decade. the melancholic synth-pop! outstanding. its not flash. but its got guts. better album than actually,although what have i done is its closest companion. a pop classic.  never not enjoyed some of the songs on here all the years ive had this. you  should also get the b-sides album-alternative. the old ones are the  best,they say :) trust me.
B000002MIY|5.0|PERFECT!  AS IS ALL OF FAGEN'S AND BECKER'S WORK
B00003CWL5|5.0|i can't remember the last time i saw a movie that shook me so much.  it just grabs you and reels you in...being both ugly and beautiful, hilarious and sad.  after watching it (even for the second time), the ending had me  shaking and crying on my ride home...this movie makes you look at life in a  completely different way, and teaches you not to take a moment of it for  granted...
0385486804|5.0|Jon Krakauer does a great job retelling the story and brings many new supporting facts that help strengthen his assumptions.  This book made think how important it is to tell my family where I'm going; I would not  want my parents to worry like the McCandless family.
6305073341|5.0|I was about to buy this until I clicked on the technical details and found that this robocop dvd was plain old non-anamorphic letterbox. There is absolutely no excuse to waste so much of a dvd's potential resolution. I  refuse to buy any non-anamorphic widescreen movies as should you all.
B000002NJS|5.0|This album is spectacular.  I would give it 100 stars if I could.  There is not 1 single song on this album that is not worthy of a Grammy award.  Madonna's leap into electronica sound was a great decision.  Working with  William Orbit has definitely helped her achieve the amount of success from  this album that she has.  This is a must-have for really anyone that likes  music.  Some of my favorite songs on this remarkable album are: Drowned  World/Substitute For Love, Ray of Light, Skin, Shanti/Ashtangi, and The  Power of Goodbye.  When I bought the album, I really only knew 4 songs out  of 13.  Within a couple of weeks, I knew (and still know) every song's  lyrics by heart.  This is a breakthrough album.  Totally  awesome!
B000000H5K|5.0|Not being a fan of who most would call &quot;Death Metal&quot;, I was absolutely shocked when I first listened to &quot;Roots&quot;. What sets this CD apart from any other in the metal genre is the tribal beats,  rhythms, and chants. The tribal interruptions in songs like  &quot;Endangered Species&quot; or &quot;Born Stubborn&quot; are nothing  short of brilliant. The Brazilian tribal influence is much more dominant in  &quot;Ratamahatta&quot; and &quot;Itsari&quot;, which are very unique and  captivating.    Another aspect that makes this CD a masterpiece are the  lyrics. Sepultura has definatley raised the international awareness of the  wrongdoings of the Brazilian government towards the naitive tribes of the  Amazon. Later, when I purchased a copy of Chaos A.D., I noticed they were  moving towards the direction of &quot;Roots&quot;, although the CD did not  have the tribal influence of &quot;Roots&quot;.    I was very disappointed  when I heard Sepultura broke up. We can only imagine how good the follow up  would have been.
B000002C25|5.0|I personly enjoyed this ablum. Be here now is the rocking version of oasis. Listen to it ,give it a chance  and you will find out that you love it
0440219078|5.0|I read the book The Giver(a science fiction book)by Lois Lowry.I thought this bbok had many different outlooks on life.The Giver is about a tewlve year old boy named Joans.Joans lives in a so called &quot;perfect world&quot;.In the community he and his family and friends live in, they  see everything in black and white.No one that lives in this community has  feelings either.In this so called &quot;perfect world&quot; a boy inhabits  a seemingly ideal world:a world without  conflict,proverty,unemployment,devorice,injustice,or inequality.Teenage  rebellion is unheard of and even good manners are a way of life.    When  the children in the community turn twelve they receive a life assignment  determined by the Elders. I thought it was sad the way that no one in the community could  feel love or know fear,or behave different from the rest of society.I hope  our society will never end up in such an existence.When I read this book,I  asked my self ...If things were always done that way,than why change?One  thing that I thought was very impoartant was how in The Giver they stresed  that happy feelings always come with sad feelings,and that love comes with  hate.Also,learning never stops.A question Lois Lowry asked in this book was  can people be happy without feelings?I thought about that question for some  time know.I don't think that you can be happy without having feelings  because happiness is an emotion.Readers will need to decise that question  for them selves. I really enjoyed this book!I think that any  person twelve or older should read it, just to get a different perspective  on life.I hope Lois Lowry writes a sequel to The Giver!
0679720200|4.0|&quot;The Stranger&quot;, by Albert Camus, is a much praised and widely read book.  It can be said that its focus is greatly connected with the philosophy of existentialism.  I have heard it considered as one of the  most important existentialist books, a definite must for the reader who  considers themselves to subscribe to that philosophy.  Even if one is not  considering themselves to be existentialist, the books content can be  attractive to those who would at least like to explore the issue.  The  story centers around a man named Mersault, and more than anything explores  his behavior, or lack of.  Camus offers us a different type of character,  one that doesn't express dramatic amounts of emotion, rather, one that  expresses almost none at all. For readers who have not yet encountered such  a distinguished and different character, this is definitely a book to read  if one wishes to explore areas involving possible facets of human behavior.   I would recommend this book exclusively for that purpose. Camus uses his  character Mersault as a vehicle to express his existentialist ideas and  propositions on the meaning of life, peoples actions, and the world in  general. \\"The Stranger\\" is disturbingly iconoclastic  and assaults the  worlds conventional morality.  For any reader, this book should be  compelling as well as unsettling, all the while being completely absorbing.   Camus makes striking challenges to conventional thought in such a way that  no reader could remain unaffected.  For the existential enthusiast, or the  lay reader, this book promises to be a rewarding and enriching experience.
6305750750|4.0|I must admit that while most people are big Star Wars fans, I am a huge Star Wars fan. I knew that no film could live up to the hype Phantom Menace had received, and with that in mind I went in without any expectations. Is  Phantom Menace 'Star Wars'? Yes, but it doesn't live up to the previous  three story-wise, special effects notwithstanding. Phantom Menace suffers  mostly from poor writing, the introduction of midi-chlorians as a way to  explain one's connection to the Force was a catastrophic mistake. In a few  sentences Lucas stripped away all of the mystery and majesty from the Force  and summed it up with a Treknobabble explanation that space here doesn't  allow me to explain. There were other gripes, but nothing quite as glaring  as the midi-chlorian nonsense. On the up side, Ewen McGreggor and Liam  Neesan do more than enough to hold one's interest, and when the Jedi are on  screen you captivated by the specticle of flashing lightsaber blades and  the awesome power of Jedi Knights. Jake Lloyd as Anakin Skywalker is  cloying in squeaky-clean cuteness. Natalie Portman was a joy to see on the  screen, but the character was too stiff, let's hope Queen Amidala losens up  in the second film. And, as sure as I was that I wanted to see Jar Jar  Binks hewn in lightsaber pate, he actually didn't annoy me as much as I  thought he would. Visually, the film scores big with people who like the  best special effects ILM can produce, but as with the end battle of Return  of the Jedi, the end battle in the Phantom Menace suffers from the 'too  much too fast and not enough time to enjoy it', too many zipping vehicles  on the screen at one time, and lacked the graceful elegance of the end  battle of A New Hope. The centerpiece of the Phantom Menace is the epic  lightsaber duel between Qui-Gon Jinn, Obi-Wan and Darth Maul, and is the  best part of the film with its heart pounding kinetics. When I see better  spaceship designs in computer games like Starcraft than in a Star Wars  film, I'm given to wonder. Doug Chiang is an excellent artist, but his  conservative vehicle designs fell flat. It also lacked the humor and sense  of fun had by the other three films and its tone more serious than it  really needed to be. Bring back Joe Johnston, Bill Berg and Phill Tippet to  the design team and see what happens.
078311513X|4.0|Icy blue eyes of a killer keep you chilled right down to your popcorn.  So much so that even the kindheartedness of C. Thomas Howell can't warm you!  This is Rutger's chance to shine as the reason MOST people don't give rides  to hitchhikers anymore!  Some gore, but mainly suspense as you try very  hard not to go check your car doors to be sure they're locked.  Oh, and by  the way...never eat french fries!
6305013578|3.0|The opening credits to the film were cut off by poor editing.  The music had absolutely nothing to do with what was going on in various scenes.  I had to turn off the sound and play a different music CD because the  soundtrack was so poor.  I recommend listening to a Star Wars soundtrack  while you watch the film, because at times it perfectly matches the action  on the screen.  Other than these 2 faults, it was a good copy of the  classic film, although I prefer the 1984 Moroder version of Metropolis.
B000002MY3|5.0|I must say that Alanis Morissette is one of the most talented singer/performers out there! All though her voice may not be the most beautiful, she makes up for it by having wonderful intense lyrics and  catchy song beats. Some people are completely against her singing, and I  can understand that. Many people say that she has a bad, angry attitude,  which is true. However, if your having a bad time with a boyfriend or life  in general, and if your in the mood for something different from your  Britney Spears or BSB, pick up this cd, you won't regret it. Still, if you  know for a fact that you don't like Alanis Morissette, don't waste your  time typing reviews that only criticize what you consider to be  &quot;awful&quot; singing.
B00000K19E|1.0|The only reason I gave it 1 star was because 0 was not an option. I love SciFi as long as there is at least an element of believability in it, but The Matrix had a lousy plot, no semblance of reality or possibility, and  completely boring. One would have to be totally wasted to enjoy this movie.  The highlight of the movie was the credits signifying the end of this sorry  movie. Don't waste your time!
0792838084|1.0|Do you ever FINALLY get around to seing a movie that everyone is always referring to and then when you see it, you wonder, what the HECK were they talking about!   The acting was terrible, the erotic scenes were  distrubing, and the plot was totally weak.  Maybe if I had seen this movie  15 years ago the first time I would have been impressed but I just ended up  being mystified at what all the noise was about...
0679720200|1.0|This book is short. It's simplistic. This book would make excellent toilet reading if only one could resist the persistent urge to drop it between one's thighs.<br />When reading a novel, a good indication that you are  insensitive to art is if you overemphasize the themes, or ideas. Art is not  concerned with WHAT is said, so much as HOW and HOW WELL it is said. From  an artistic perspective, the style and execution are what count---not the  subject matter.  And so, the literary, or artistic, value of this book and  its philosophical value are two separate issues.<br />While I understand its  emotional appeal to adolescents, I never found existential philosophy (`a  la Camus and Sartre) to be very appealing on an intellectual level; and, I  find fictionalized walk-throughs of philosophical ideas to be dreary  without exception. Real artists do not generalize human experiences and  reduce them to vague, overdrawn abstractions.  And so, I would object to  this book if it preoccupied itself with philosophical ideas; but, there is  nothing as concrete or thoughtful as an idea in this book. Still, the  characters are contrived, forced to act out Camus' whimsical  &quot;existential&quot; formulas like stiff-jointed marionettes in the  hands of a club-fisted puppeteer.<br />From an artistic perspective: the plot  is impossibly dumb; the structure is a trivial linear progression of  (non)events; the characterization is almost entirely absent, and the  characters are uniformly vacuous and wooden; the settings are barely even  sketched; the narrative style is that of a mildly retarded six-year-old;  the descriptions are banal and monochromatic; and, the dialogue is  imbecilic. This book isn't even bad literature---it is perfectly  inartistic!  On the positive side, because the writing is so simple, it  makes good practice reading for those learning French (I have to justify  that star).<br />While I'm profoundly indifferent to this book, I recommend it  to professors of litterature and philosophistry, and to others who splash  around in the shallow end of the intellectual pool and pepper their  conversation with verbal baubles like &quot;abyss&quot;, &quot;void&quot;,  &quot;Nothingness&quot;, &quot;absurd&quot;, and similar gibberish. If you  fall into this category but want to be cured, start by studying  &quot;Lectures on Literature&quot; and &quot;Lectures on Russian  Literature&quot;, both by Vladimir Nabokov; and &quot;Western Wind&quot; by  J. F. Nims. For the philosophically inclined, start with Copleston's  &quot;A History of Philosophy&quot;. Study them---but beware, you may end  up agreeing with me.<br />If you insist on stories with similar themes, try  these:<br />*   &quot;Cancer Ward&quot; --A. Solzhenitsyn (Bethell &amp; Burg  translation)<br />*   &quot;The Death of Ivan Ilych&quot; --L. Tolstoy  (Edmonds or Maude/B.G. Guerney translations)<br />*   &quot;The Dead&quot;  --J. Joyce<br />They're much better than &quot;The Stranger&quot;; but, what  isn't?<br />splash...flush...
6305165912|5.0|....and I immediately ran out to make this the DVD to start my collection.  Now I have to go back and get whatever Coen brothers DVDs are available.  They're all brilliant, but for some reason this didn't get the same  attention and acclaim it deserved.  Fargo did, as we all know, but The Big  L is just as original, weirdly funny, and outstandingly performed....Plus  it gets better every time you see it.  At first I wasn't sure whether I  entirely understood the plot, which gets complicated toward the end, but it  took a second viewing to realize that it didn't even matter.  Each scene is  so well-performed and so bizarre and intriguing that the movie could almost  be divided up into &quot;shorts&quot; (if that's the word for it, I don't  know....I'm no film scholar)--the scenes just really stand on their own and  continue to occupy your mind long after the movie's over.  Which is what a  good movie is supposed to do....I'm telling you, a masterpiece!  Hilarious!
B00003A9QL|5.0|This is the best cd and you should get it.  The best songs are on it especially &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot;.  That song is our theme song for my hockey team!
B00000IAU3|2.0|You know how you buy a cd after you hear and love one song from the artist,and when you play the  whole cd,you find youself only liking that one song? Well,this cd is a perfect example. It has one great,insanely  catchy track,&quot;Here with me,&quot; while the rest of the cd is a  forgettable,sappy combination of Sarah McLachlan and Portishead. This cd  suffers from two many cooks;there's about thirty (!)musicians,mixers,and  producers listed in the credits.Plus, Dido herself(the lead singer) didn't  write ANY songs at all;every song is credited to usually two or three hack  writers. Again,the opening track,&quot;Here with Me,&quot; is great, but  every other tune is mostly generic trip-hop, with pretty bad lyrics. I'm  glad I only paid six bucks for this cd(I got it used).    I recommented  just buying &quot;Here With Me,&quot; if it's ever released as a single.
0780622553|5.0|As one of the best sci-fi movies of the 90's, this movie film contains a nice balance of film noir and science fiction.  Alex Proyas's vision mystifies  and explores the dark elements of life with this film and The  Crow, and can be classified as one of the great film makers, along with Luc  Besson (The Professional, Fifth Element) and Ingmar Bergman (Seventh Seal).
B0000060NA|5.0|There are some albums that you have to have if you're stranded on a desert island. Sgt. Pepper by the Beatles, Breakfast in America by Supertramp, Eldorado by ELO, Aja by Steely Dan, Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd,  Goodbye Yellow Brick Road by Elton John, and Songs In the Key of Life by  Stevie Wonder.  This soulful album rounds out a perfect collection.  I love  all forms of music from John Coltrane to Jim Croce, but this album has  always spoken to me.  It is worth it for 'As' alone, or the blatt of the  brass on Sir Duke!  Village Ghetto Land is beautiful and extremely haunting  at the same time, and you won't soon forget the lyrics.  This album is an  old friend that finally needs to be replaced with a CD.
6305127689|4.0|This is one of the first DVD's I've ordered when I got my DVD system. It's always been one of my favorite movies, so I knew I would have to have it in my collection. The action sequences are great, and my mates like it too.  The video quality on DVD is OK, and the roar of the fighter jets is  absolutely awesome in Dolby Surround Sound. When you want to show your  mates why you spent the extra bucks for a subwoofer, this movie rocks.
B00003XACV|4.0|The score of American Beauty is almost as good as the movie.  Each track is unique and powerful, and the score is COMPLETLY unusual, as soundtracks don't usually use these instruments.  I would recomend it, but next time,  the composer should add a few more tracks
6305657947|5.0|The Thomas Crown Affair 1999 isn't a homage to the original but it stands alone as a classic IMHO.  Boys and their Toys (The Catamaran, Biz Jet and Cars) the story line is great and with the bonus commentary from John  McTiernan it fills in the missing pieces and gives you an idea how and why  the shots and storyline fit.<br />I've now seen it 10 times and I don't think  I'll ever get bored with it.
B000002I2G|2.0|Although i am a diehard Doors fan and i own every album, i dislike this one. The song Soft Parade is overrated. Really the only worhwhile songs are Wild Child, Tell all the people and Touch Me, as opposed to almost all  songs on other Doors albums being classics. if ur a new Doors fan go with  Self Titled or Morrison Hotel. Then get Strange Days or LA woman or a live  album. Keep the Soft Parade, WFTS, and American Prayer for last.
B00000DFSK|5.0|The songs on this cd are some of the best you'll ever hear (except for track 12 which has no place on this cd, since it's not all- U2 and because it simply sucks). These are U2's hits from the 80s. New fans will love this  cd. Longtime fans might have some problems though.<br /> I'll go over the few  probs with this cd. First of all, every one U2's album's songs flow  smoothly together. Here, the songs are just kinda hangin out in wierd  places. <br /> Second, all the albums have somewhat of a theme to them: Boy is  children and growing up. October has a religious theme. War has the theme  of war and politics. Unforgettable Fire is recovering from tragedy. Joshua  Tree is hope and searching. Rattle and Hum is rock n roll. Achtung Baby is  love and betrayal. Zooropa is Technology and a ever changing world, and Pop  is corruption in the world. After listening to an entire album you're left  with certain thoughts and feelings. After this you're left kinda confused  because of all the ideas going through your head. <br /> Third, some old  favorites are missing such as Gloria, Two Hearts Beat As One, and 40. Mabey  they didn't throw those on because of thier, dare I say, incompleteness.  Let's face it. U2 didn't really know what they were doing when they first  started. They knew how to express themselves through thier music (which is  what makes them good) but they didn't know how to best present it like they  now do (which is what makes them great). Think of how ten years later with  a few changes they changed The Sweetest Thing from an allright b-side to an  instant hit. After I listened to the live acoustic version of The Ground  Beneath Her Feet, I thought &quot;If this is U2's new sound then they're in  big trouble&quot;. Then I listened to the full album version and I loved it  so much that I listened to it about twenty times. Now I have need to worry  about U2. Thier next album is due out this summer and it will be totally  awesome. Anyway, if they can turn a song I couldn't stand to listen to into  something I can't stop listening to, then imagine what could do to with  Gloria and Two Hearts- we'd have some great songs.<br /> Fourth, some of the  songs have been edited. New Years Day has about two minutes cut out. A full  verse has been removed and the end fades out with &quot;I will be with you  again&quot; instead of &quot;On New Years Day. Bad has a few seconds cut  off the end which doesn't change it too much. Where The Streets Have No  Name has about a minute cut out (about half a minute from the beginning and  another half from the end). These edits don't bother me too much but it is  nice to hear how songs originally sounded every now and again.<br /> Fifth,  which is the biggest problem of all, is track 12, When Love Comes To Town-  It's terrible(no offense to B.B. King). Mabey this song could belong on  B.B. King's Best Of album but not U2's.<br /> You're probubly wondering why I  gave this cd five stars if it has so many problems. Well I gave it five  stars because of the excellent songs. These are fourteen of U2's best (and  I'm not counting track 12 when I say fourteen. I'm also counting October,  the hidden song. All in all this is a very good cd.
6303942830|5.0|The Last of the Mohicans is a movie that just keeps getting better after repeated viewings.  The battle scenes should be shown in high-school history classes, to make those boring textbook descriptions make some  sense.<br />I was impressed by the gentle handling of the almost-but-not-quite  love story between the younger sister, Alice, and Uncas.
0385484518|1.0|The views expressed in this book are not always stupid, and if you read only one book of pop philosophy this decade you could do worse.  But if you care for more than fifteen minutes about any of the issues discussed, and want to think for yourself about the possibility of disagreeing here and  there with the conclusions reached on every important topic after ten pages  of non-argument, then you might be surprised to know that there exist far  better treatments of these same issues which have not been converted into  TV specials.  Search under &quot;philosophy&quot; . . .
B00000JCOV|5.0|THIS IS THERE BEST CD YET! BUT I STILL THINK THERE FIRST CD IS MORE BRUTAL! BUT ANYWAYS, THIS CD IS THERE BEST ONE YET! IT'S LONGER! AND IT HAS BETTER SONGS ON IT! I CAN'T WAIT FOR THERE 3RD ALBUM TO COME OUT!
0670880728|5.0|I can't prove it but Helen fielding has been sneaking into my room at night and reading my mind!. Bridget is me at my worst and thats why I can relate to her and why I laughed like a loon all the way to Boston while I read it.   Much like myself Bridg has one diaster in love after the other  and even though she may get alittle negative it's actually what I liked  about her, she doesn't try to be nice all the time. She comes off as human,  someone you'd go see the new Gabriel Bryne movie with. If your in a bad  relationship or no relationship and have a good sense of self mockery you  will love this book.   If your a smug married with 2.5 kids and a dog your  going to hate it and should just stick to &quot;Chicken soap for the bored  housewifes soul&quot; or whatever it is you people read.   A must read for  anyone in her 20's.
B000007T1M|5.0|I USED TO LOVE THIS CD UNTIL MY LOCAL RADIO STATION STARTED PLAYING THEM! NOW I'VE LOST TOTAL INTEREST IN THEM! THERE CD IS GOOD BUT NOW THERE MAINSTREAM! SO THERE NOT GOOD ANYMORE!
0670880728|5.0|I can't prove it but Helen fielding has been sneaking into my room at night and reading my mind!. Bridget is me at my worst and thats why I can relate to her and why I laughed like a loon all the way to Boston while I read it.   Much like myself Bridg has one diaster in love after the other  and even though she may get alittle negative it's actually what I liked  about her, she doesn't try to be nice all the time. She comes off as human,  someone you'd go see the new Gabriel Bryne movie with. If your in a bad  relationship or no relationship and have a good sense of self mockery you  will love this book.   If your a smug married with 2.5 kids and a dog your  going to hate it and should just stick to &quot;Chicken soap for the bored  housewifes soul&quot; or whatever it is you people read.   A must read for  anyone in her 20's.
B000002W9Q|5.0|This soundtrack is awesome--it makes me want to get up and dance--the two best recordings on this soundtrack are time of my life and love is strange!   my friends and i sing along to both of them when they are on!
B0000203YT|5.0|I have watched this movie over and over.  The story within a story meld together as a storyline, and it also burns a path to your deepest passions.  The movie is a master in the craft of using the English language to  express the heart.  As only Shakespeare himself could have done, as he  painted words that blazed a permanent impression in the depth of you mind,  this movie reaches out and grabs you by the heart and pulls every ounce of  passion that you posses.  To not see such, is a telling of your story, as  how the blind is not necessarily a matter of eyesight.
6305696071|5.0|a predictable movie that is very charming!   the additional footage is excellent!   :)
068485743X|5.0|Although the book is designed to help fiction writers get published, its appeal is far broader than that. Lukeman has many examples of bad writing that are laugh out loud funny. These examples by exagerating the particular  fault, make his points very well, whether setting, pace or excessive use of  adjectives. (Lukeman also warns us that these are not the worst examples.)  I came away from the book with a far greater appreciation of how well the  books I read are written and edited and the tremendous amount of work and  skill required to write a book. I would recommend this book to both  aspiring writers and avid readers.
B00003CXBK|5.0|If you enjoy truly good movies, with deep meaning behind them this is a definate MUST SEE!   In fact if you enjoy any type of movies at all, this is a MUST SEE!   Miazaki is consideredby many to be the GOD of anime and,  this, his final film is his greatest achievement (surpassed only by Titanic  in top box office sales of all time in Japan).  I am an anime fan and had  heard of Princess Mononoke over the internet and longed to see it.   Every  review of it was great, and I was prepared to travel to Boston (about 2 hrs  away from me to see it), luckily it came near me...  I saw it and instantly  fell in love with it.  Princess Mononoke was one of those few movies that I  actually say in the middlet:&quot;My God! What an awesome Movie! .&quot;  The animation in Princess Mononoke struck awe through every pore of my  body.The story is fantastic, it does an outstanding job of portrying the  struggle between man and nature.  And the symbolism.... Ah, the symbolism  (such as the bullet and the Askitaka's infection), are absolutly  outstanding.  A day hasn't gone by in which I don't think of what this  movie means and long to see it once more....  This is the only extremly  well dubbed anime film I have ever seen, the all-star voice actors are top  quality (i.e Billy Bob Thorton and Minnie Driver) and could not have done a  better job.    This is most definatly the best animated movie I have  ever seen and most likely the best movie all around.  SEE IT NOW!  OR  YOU WILL BE DEPRIEVED OF ONE OF THE GREATEST MOVIES EVER!
068484267X|5.0|Wow!  For 3 days all I talked about was this book. In spite of the stark sparcity in Frank McCourts childhood, he was indeed a very rich boy. My heart ached as his childhood story unfolded, yet his unique way of looking  at things through a childs eyes and his humor was what made this book hard  to put down. Angela's Ashes tempted  me to look at the content of my own  heart and challenged me to become a better person as a result.  Thank you  Frank McCourt.
B000001FN3|5.0|This album is simply an unsung masterpiece. If anyone has the musical and educated ability to actually pull this idea off it is Parsons and Woolfson. Whether you prefer the original version or the 1987 re-master on CD, this  album is a must for any music connisueur. This unique studio unit takes the  work of one the greatest American poets and makes music that is equally  elegant. The album rocks on tracks like &quot;The System Of Doctor  Tarr&quot; and Arthur Brown's madman delivery of the &quot;Tell-Tale  Heart.&quot; This work flows in a mysterious manner with the start of  &quot;House Of Usher and continuing through to the haunting  &quot;To One  In Paradise.&quot; In my opinion, this is perhaps one of the most unique  and innovative works in the history of pop music. Afterall, Alan Parsons  has made a career out of making pop music into an art form. This perhaps is  his most brillaint work. Here's a tip. If you're a high school or college  English Teacher when you get to Poe..bring this along. I gurantee you'll  get thier attention!
068484267X|5.0|Wow!  For 3 days all I talked about was this book. In spite of the stark sparcity in Frank McCourts childhood, he was indeed a very rich boy. My heart ached as his childhood story unfolded, yet his unique way of looking  at things through a childs eyes and his humor was what made this book hard  to put down. Angela's Ashes tempted  me to look at the content of my own  heart and challenged me to become a better person as a result.  Thank you  Frank McCourt.
B00004RFFI|4.0|I have had my copy for a couple of months and have watched it only 3 or 4 times. You would think with the digital encoding and improved sound, you would get a better effect. I gave this DVD 4 out of 5 stars only because I  liked it the first go around.
6305750750|2.0|Ever since I saw Star Wars for the first time, I was impressed and immediately was taken to a distinct and varied universe that spawned a new franchise in my life. Unfortunately, hype has repeated itself and Lucas  gave anticipating audiences a dramatic decline in what anyone could call an  epic. Maybe the most anticipated cinematic event in the history of  filmmaking, but far from the great film. The pod race is worth the  admission alone, but as for an unoriginal story and horrible use of the  Star Wars license, this movie just doesn't cut it, and you'll find yourself  surprisingly sleeping through half of it.
B000005JAK|3.0|In an interview years ago, Bob Mould stated that Land Speed Record was Husker Du's only regret, but here is the album more deserving of embarrassment.  Their Warner Brothers inaugural is the biggest letdown of  H&uuml;sker D&uuml;'s career.  While earning some credit for daring to kick off a  major label debut with the throat-tearing fury of 'Crystal,' the D&uuml; quickly  runs out of gas, trying hopelessly to redeem itself with such overextended  oddities as the piano-laced 'No Promise Have I Made.'  Put simply, Bob and  Grant try too hard to rekindle the diversity and experimentation that  worked so well - and so straightforwardly - on Zen Arcade.  The results are  awkward caricatures like the cloying 'Hardly Getting Over It,' and the  nails-across-the-chalkboard acoustic atrocity 'Too Far Down.' If you're a  first-time Husker listener, this is the one album to avoid.
B000021Y75|5.0|This is one of the BEST movies I've ever seen I saw it last fall and I still remember it. Usualy movies are forgoten after a few weeks but this one sticks on your mind. If you haven't seen this movie SEE it.
630575067X|2.0|I am a huge Star Wars fan from way back, and I was amazed at how slow and uninteresting this film was.  The pacing was just plain uneven.  I sat in the theatre, stone-faced, waiting for something... ANYTHING!... to happen.   Once the podrace sequence got started, I could finally feel the hairs on my  arm stand up.  There it was, the STAR WARS MAGIC!  I looked at my watch,  and an hour had already passed before a real moment of excitement had been  achieved.<br />Admittedly, the film does pick up a bit after that.  The  Coruscant scenes are pretty interesting, and the lightsaber duel is  technically amazing, albeit emotionally uninvolving.  C'mon, this is  supposed to be SPACE OPERA!  You want to root for the good guys and boo and  hiss the bad guys!  All the characters are so undeveloped (DARTH MAUL ISN'T  BAD ENOUGH! ) and gray that they just look like action figures.<br />Mr.  Lucas, please... you have given the world a great universe that has  enchanted generations.  Please DO NOT feel the need to prove yourself as a  director/screenwriter.  It's been over 20 years, and it shows.  Let someone  else drive the car for a stretch.  Thank you.
6305153396|3.0|I figured I would enjoy this more than I did, I guess it's a bit too young for me. It's funny sometimes, but most things are kiddy jokes I guess. Basically it's just another dog movie
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This is the first Rage CD I ever bought, I bought it after i heard guerilla radio.  I have to say I was pretty impressed.  Some of the stuff on it is pretty weird (calm like a bomb, mic check, ashes in the fall) but  some of the other stuff is excellent.  <br />I personally like Testify,  Guerrila Radio, Sleep Now in the Fire (probably the greatest Rock And Roll  song Rage has ever done, with somewhat perplexing strange lyrics)Born as  Ghosts, New Millenium Homes (definetely an awesome song)  The Album is  worth the 16 bucks at Record Town, but I wouldn't dare listen to it around  my parents.
B000000OXH|5.0|Although known best for their first album, I think this is their best album to date.  Filled with progressive, romantic rock, every song is excellent!  Guided by John Wetton's melodramatic vocals, the songs,  &quot;Don't Cry&quot;, &quot;The Smile has left your eyes&quot;, and  &quot;Open Your Eye's&quot; are among the few that shine this album.  I  have never gotten tired of listening to this album.  My only regret is that  the song, &quot;Daylight&quot; appears on the cassette only.  However, John  Wetton is working on a best of album featuring his early works with Asia  and this song will be on it!  Thank God!  Still, if you don't like this  album, you just don't like Asia.        And although lead singer, John  Wetton is no longer with the group, Asia still rocks on.  As long as  keyboardist, Geoff Downs is there, I believe Asia will always be one of my  all-time favorite groups.  ASIA RULES !       Also, if you like John  Wetton, you'll want to check out his solo album, &quot;Battlelines&quot;.   I promise you won't be disappointed!
B00000G6AF|5.0|best beats ever you have to own this on
B00000294R|4.0|Big L is without a doubt the best emcee in DITC.  His album &quot;Lifestylez...&quot; is reminiscent of Nas' Illmatic.  Though he is deceased, his legend lives on through this masterpiece.  This is guaranteed  not to disappoint true fans of hip-hop.
B0000021RG|2.0|Much of the fun of this release on vinyl has been lost in the transfer to CD. First, the 12-page &quot;booklet&quot; notes the original album photographs &quot;could not be properly reproduced.&quot; What a LAME  cop-out! I find this impossible to believe. Also, the original ebb-and-flow  of the original 8-side set is spread across 3 CDs. There should be at least  some note of where the original album breaks were.<br />The actual recording  is worthy of 3-stars, but this &quot;bad old days&quot; CD transfer lowers  my feelings about this set to 2.
0440224764|4.0|My second Grisham novel and I was much more satisfied with this one than my first.  I found the book to be high paced and interesting.  One of those books that you start to read and just can't seem to stop.  I recommend this  book to anyone who enjoys sitting down with a good book.
1573226521|2.0|I heard that The Beach  was a decent book, comparable to Lord of the Flies.  Don't believe it.  It's roughly comparable in plot only.  While the story is a quick and somewhat entertaining read, the writing just isn't compelling.  <br />Garland makes a few relevant comments on society and  backpacker culture, but story's construction falls flat, especially at the  end (where, in my opinion, the story should have began).  <br />If you're  looking for some light reading, you'll probably enjoy this book.  If you're  expecting something more literary, this will disappoint you.
B000024QML|5.0|&quot;Very&quot; is, without a doubt, my favorite PSB album.  There is just not one weak track on the whole thing.  From &quot;Can You Forgive Her?&quot; to &quot;Go West&quot; (which is the finale on the current  tour), it has a consistency of excellence lacking on most albums.  My  favorite tracks are probably &quot;One In A Million,&quot; &quot;I Wouldn't  Normally Do This Kind Of Thing&quot; (why do the Boys have this habit of  using such long, unwieldy song titles?) and &quot;Go West,&quot; which is  just plain fun to listen to.  None of the other tracks are far behind.  If  you must own one PSB album, this is the one to get.  It's scary how nearly  flawless this album is (it's just too bad that &quot;Shameless&quot; was  not included on it).  Irresistably upbeat and full of hooks, great  melodies, sharp lyrics and dance beats that only the Pet Shop Boys can do  this well, it remains one of my all-time favorites.  I even buy used copies  (when I can find them) for my friends; it is really that good.  Stop  reading reviews and buy it already.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|If you watch this on DVD and have upgraded to Dolby Digital 5.1, it's like seeing a brand new movie. Great job by the studio remastering the soundtrack, and adding the extras that make DVD so much fun. Murray and  Aykroyd--hilarious as always.
6305718954|3.0|It isn't a Masterpiece.  But this film really is a decent and underated film.<br />See people wanted to compaire this to The Exorcist, or came to the theaters wanting to see The Exorcist. Or They came exspecting a Horror  Movie. When they found out it wasn't a horror movie, more of a Mystery  Thriller, they were just so disapointed they couldn't help it.<br />The  Exorcist is my favoirt Horror movie. And I didn't go looking for The  Exorcist feel... you know why? STIGMATA IS A WHOLE DIFFERN'T  SUBJECT!<br />This film has SOME GREAT ACTING! well not from the teen's of the  film.  but that is to be exspected. The only TRUE problem I see that is a  Major put down to the film is it is more MTV related... and that was a let  down.<br />Anyways 3 Stars is what I give it.. maby more of a 3 Star and a  Half. but the most I'll go is 4 stars.<br />If you want an Intelegent  Thriller, I will recomend it. But if your searching for horror films or a  gore film or action packed film. DO NOT SEE THIS FILM!
0679746048|5.0|I don't have much to say other than this was an amazing book. Other reviews will summarize it for you, so I feel I don't need to. I just want to let everyone know how great of a book this is, and I highly suggest  reading it. I think that, like myself, you'll have a hard time putting it  down.
B00003W8NM|3.0|This film is a DECENT film.. so I'll say that much. I think this film has been OVER Hyped..   But it is a VERY good film....<br />But maby this is just to MTV or TO TEENY 90's movie for me. but one thing this film that does  horrorbly at is Turning a COmedy into a drama.<br />I mean, THe comedy part is  SO FUNNY! I couldn't stop laughing... then it gets into this very deep dark  drama, and it's just a little crude.<br />I say rent this film before buying.
0780628551|1.0|Rarely have I seen so many relentlessy arty shots in support of so little story. Ashamed to be reprising the cruddy little 50's sci-fi flick &quot;I Married a Monster from Outer Space&quot;, the director apparently decided  to remake &quot;Rosemary's Baby&quot; instead -- but he succeeds only in  proving what a thin line there is between the sinister and the absurd.
014028009X|5.0|One small complaint: We are never told the precise relation of Bridget to him. Given his proclivities, however, we might reasonably suppose her the harvest of some wild oat or other. BTW, OTOH, IMHO, readers shouldn't have  to decode alphabet soup. Let's dispense with the all-uppercase gibberish,  shall we?<br />(Read also Henry Fielding's &quot;Tom Jones&quot;.)
0780628551|1.0|I guess I expected something of a bigger story, and a much more profound one at that. Unfortunately, Depp's character doesn't come close to rescuing the script. You gotta be a genuine, die-hard sci-fi fan to get into this  one. For those of you giving up on Johnny, give him another chance with the  Jim Jarsmuch film &quot;Dead Man&quot;. Check out those reviews.
B00000J7J4|1.0|A friend who bought this CD told me not to purchase it because it was not up to Carlo's usual standards.  Thinking she couldn't possibly be right I went ahead and bought it - I was truly dissapointed.  There are only a few  tracks worth listening to!  Save your money!
6305657947|4.0|The &quot;bare essentials&quot;: Good direction, a couple of inspired performances that'll make sparks fly from your tv set, and a good twist on a familiar story.  I'm not a Brosnon fan, but I gotta say he was the  epitome of coolness. Rene Russo was simply too hot to handle. I haven't  seen this kind of electricity on screen since Nicholson &amp; Lange in The  Postman Always Rings Twice.
630027179X|5.0|If you're into the legend of Camelot, then this is the film for you..pulls no punches with the violent nature of the times, and is the story of King Arthur's rise to the monarchy of Camelot from his conception, and what an incredible little twist in the plot brings us to the actual moment of it! Uther sees young Igrayne sensually dancing,and swivelling her hips during a banquet. But she is bethroed to a rival...he eyes her lustily, he swears he must have her, and later strikes up a deal with Merlin, that he may lay with Igrayne for one lust filled night, in exchange for the product of their union. Kudos to John Boorman, as the scene is incredibly set up and shot in a way that can only be described as sheer artistic genius...as Igrayne's real husband is off fighting a brutal battle, Uther is transformed into his rival...he rides into the castle, on the Dragon's breath, and ravishes her, kissing her roughly, while tearing off her dress. Then, in front of a roaring fire, he consumates his lust, incredibly making passionate love to her naked body, while still wearing his tank-like armor! Highly erotic, and fearless love scene, that I have yet to see outdone in any NC-17 film. The rest of the film is just as powerful, showing Arthur's rise and fall. Then the Knights of the Round Table seek out the Holy Grail in vain, and Lancelot betrays Arthur, loving Guenevere behind his back...the battle scenes are very realistic, and watch for a young Jean Luc Picard as one of the knights...highly recommended. Too bad the films of today anywhere near this genre are weak, and fearful...Long live Boorman...he gave us one of the best erotic scenes in the history of film.
6302518423|5.0|This title ought to be available on DVD for those who'll otherwise wear out the VHS release from repeated viewing. (And Laserdisc is already history, like Betamax...).<br />Ok, so this film is not for  &quot;everyone&quot;. But for those who loved it -- and it's fantastic riff  on Shakespeare's &quot;The Tempest&quot; -- it is a wonderfully moving  experience. The visuals are astonishing, and the score (Michael Nyman --  who also did The Piano and GATTACA, etc.) is fabulous. It introduced me to  the famed chanteuse Ute Lemper.<br />Bring this one out on DVD and we promise  to buy it!
B00003CXAR|5.0|How nightmarish is a 30 foot monster with daggers for teeth rising up out of the ocean depths to eat you? YIKES! The scenes of shark attack are brutal, and based on true-life attacks. The trio of seamen that attempt to  destroy the beast is perfect filmmaking. 3 men at sea, an oceanographer, a  salty fisherman, and a cop-lanlubber, and a 30 foot 3 ton monster. All I  can say is that the scenes where Quint is killed will give anyone  nightmares, and make you think twice about hitting the surf. Scary stuff.  Audiences scramed with terror in the 70's. I can see why!
0767821629|1.0|This was without a doubt one of the worst films I have ever seen. Incredibly predictable from start to finish, poorly written and acted, I found this to be a real waste of my time. I saw \\"Comparable to the Matrix\\"   and \\"Better than the Matrix\\" reviews, so I had to see it... don't bother.  \\"The Matrix\\" was a very good movie prevented from being great by Keanu  Reeves' complete lack of any acting talent. \\"The Thirteenth Floor\\" was a  poorly written movie bogged down by bad acting and poor characterization  (although I'll admit there is NO ONE as bad as Keanu). Even  cute-as-a-button Gretchen Mol couldn't bring this one higher than one star.  <br />I'll trade you my DVD of \\"Thirteenth Floor\\" for a used rental VHS copy  of the \\"Pokemon\\" movie.
0800177177|5.0|Vampirism always has had its origins in sensuality. Starting with Nosferatu in the twenties, to Bram Stoker, to Christopher Lee, Frank Langella...Women swoon for him...even the ugly Nosferatu stays with Lucy  for a night of passion...Well, Coppola gets kudos for not forgeting this  fact, and bringing a new level of erotisism to the genre. Starting with the  harem of female vampires in Dracula's castle, all very gorgeous actresses  by the way. Except, I keep waiting for Harker to tell Dracula, &quot;Hey,  dude!&quot; He was a bit miscast...Winona was well cast as Nina, but the  star of the show was the sexy Sadie Frost as Lucy..the scene where Dracula  ravishes her naked body can be compared to the erotic scene in  &quot;Excalibur&quot; for its sheer sexuality/sensuality. Dracula returns  to Lucy, and eventually makes her his bride..The scene of her death is  terrifying, ranking up there with Linda Blair's portrayal of Meagan, and  Sissy Spacek as &quot;Carrie&quot;. I think that Hopkins makes the best Van  Helsing, yet. I just wish that there was a bit more of a sinuous love scene  between Mina and the Count. I would have enjoyed seeing the evil old  version of Drac making vampiric love to her. The opening scene is powerful  stuff, and makes you think about Vlad's situation. The end is sad, and  tragic, but it is enjoyable all the way through!
0375707972|1.0|I found this book demeaning and depressing. Suggest you spend your money on something else.
B000000FG8|5.0|JUST GET THE CD. IT DESERVES MORE THAN 5 STARS OUT OF 5.<br />Sorry about yelling.
630326669X|5.0|Great close-up of Matthew Knox
6304297912|5.0|this is a postmodern movie in a sense that there is an assorted borrowing from earlier styles by manipulating the idea of bricolage well. such dislocated style is what impressed me most. it reminds me of pulp fiction.
630326669X|5.0|Great close-up of Matthew Knox
B000023VR6|1.0|This is pathetic. I can't see why everyone likes Eminem or Dre. They suck. All the songs on this album sound the same, except Still DRE, which is the only decent song on this! DON'T BUY THIS!  BUY DMX AND JAYZ(way better by  far! ) Ya das right
B000002KAT|5.0|Van is beyond all averages. This record is a gem, a precious piece of art. Black voice, fully acoustic instruments, lyrics with mystical inspiration and something like an &quot;aura&quot; over the music itself. Well, no  words to describe. This is my favourite record with Marvin Gayes  &quot;Whats Going On&quot;. Just listen and have a nice life.
630528069X|5.0|Just pure entertainment.  Action, suspense, drama, a little romance and ooohhh so much comedy.  It's got it all!  Fabulous ensemble cast.  Where they got the guy to play Ellis is beyond me.  I haven't seen him in  anything since but his performance was just perfect.<br />And more one liners  than you can believe.  &quot;Come out to the coast... we'll get together...  have a few laughs.&quot;<br />One of my top 10 favorite films.  If you don't  like this one then you must be dead.
0446525537|5.0|I don't normally write reviews. However, I just finished this novel and felt compelled to do so.  Nicholas Sparks has topped himself.  I read both of his previous novels and enjoyed them.  This one is a touching story that  got better with the turn of each page.  I laughed and cried out loud, which  is something else I don't normally do.  Put it in your shopping cart now!   I don't think you'll be disappointed.
6305127689|2.0|I have Top Gun on Laser Disc and VHS, and thought it would be great to get on DVD.  What a mistake.  This DVD does have great sound and picture (better than the laser disc), but the extras are missing.  Paramount  Studios released a DVD without the great Pepsi commerical.  There are NO  production notes or making of.  I will be very disappointed if Paramount  Studios releases this movie again without the extras.  They should have  done it right the first time.
B00000265X|5.0|This album has the rare distinction for me in that I enjoy all of the songs on it.  The music has a good edge and is played with energy and excitement.  For those who really like to rock, this is a good album to  crank up.  Most of the songs tell stories, some historical, and some  fictional.  My own favorite songs are, The Final Countdown, Ninja, and  Cherokee.
B00003OSSL|2.0|The basic plot to the movie is that Ford's and Thomas's spouses are having an affair together and die in a plane crash.  Then Ford and Thomas develop a relationship together.  A very strange plot and a very slow one too.  I'm  a big Harrison Ford fan and own most of his movies, but I won't be getting  this one.
0812550706|5.0|it's impossible to describe the magnificent wrting style and storyline presented in Enders Game. But i can assure you one thing. it will change your life. i began reading the book and stayed up until three am reading everynight until i finished it. it is a powerful writing that will still be  atracting readers of every age for milennia to come.
B000002B5L|5.0|As I have not listened to a huge variety of rap or RnB in my lifetime, I cannot contrast this between it's competition, but for pure listening value, this is brilliance. Entertaining, pertient, soulful, and ultimately  a fabulous album.<br />I love the remake of Bob Marley's No Women No Cry, as  well as the album's namesake, and it's more intense and dark creations like  number seven and thirteen. (I can never remember track names.)<br />My only  objection is the swearing in Mista Mista. I am not prud, I have no problem  with swearing in songs, however it was a bit full on, and ruined what could  have been a throughly enjoyable and heartfelt tune.<br />Neverless, this is  absolutely stunning, and I long for the Fugees to get back together to do  another. However, their music will live on through this masterpiece.
B00003XB8K|1.0|This is the worst Enigma's CD.Music is repetative with no imagination...Not worth the money!
B00000I07P|5.0|Slippery when Wet is one of the best albums of the 80's. No one's going to call this music classic, but Bon Jovi's driving, goofy, guilty pleasure sound will always be welcome in my stereo. Along with Def Leppard's  Hysteria, and Bon Jovi's own New Jersey, buy these three albums and  remember how great rock used to be before boy bands and Rock/Rap ruled the  charts. Best songs: &quot;You give love a bad name&quot; &quot;Livin on a  Prayer&quot; &quot;Never Say Goodbye&quot; &quot;Wanted Dead or Alive&quot;  and, my favorite &quot;I'll die for you&quot;
B000002UCE|5.0|Somehow, everything he touches gets ruined. I still give it 5/5, because I feel sorry for Lennon. The wall of sound on Jealous Guy (to name one place) is incredibly annoying.
0440217563|4.0|I have been entraced by the Outlander series for the past three weeks.  I found this book to be wonderfully exciting and fun.  The best part was Jamie's story.  It was great to hear him tell the tale.  In fact better  than when Claire bores us with all her medical jargon.  He really brings  the books to life and makes you want to keep reading.  We need more books  written from Jamie's percpetive. Plus Jamie has more control, not to say  Claire's not a strong character, but she has to follow Jamie around a lot.
0792840852|5.0|Singin' in the Rain is my favorate musical if not my favorate movie of all time. I was amazed at how the plot was strong aswell as the musical score brilliant. Because Gene Kelly directs it aswell as stars in it, it is a  very well done movie full of beautiful dances and songs. I am so  sentimental when it comes to this movie, I have loved it all my life. Gene  Kelly , Donald Oconnor, and Debbie Renolds couldn't have done a more  satisfying preformance. I can't get enough of it!
B000021XS0|5.0|I've probably played this c.d about a thousand times, but every time I play it, I find someting new and extrodinary about it. I've known for a long time that Dream theater was a pretty good band, but after hearing this  album, I knew that they were for real.      This c.d captivates every  musical aspect into one giant ballad. Each song is tied together perfectly.  There is not one flaw that I could think of about this album.The highlights  on this album include (HOME,FINALLY FREE,DANCE OF ETERNITY,AND FATAL  TRAGEDY). I wish Dream Theater could get more respect for their hard work  because they really deserve it. This album blows away every other Dream  theater that there is. I have to give james labrie credit on this one  because on the last few that he's been on,he's kind of gotten out of his  range when he sings, but on this one he sings seamlessly and beautifully.If  you don't already have this album, you should get it NOW!
B00004IA0D|5.0|THEY CALL ME JEFF,  AND I LIKE BLINK
B00000I07Q|5.0|I LOVE this album! Along with Slippery when Wet, Bon Jovi released two of the best albums of the 80's. The sound is similar to Slippery when Wet's although its a little harder and not quite as much like pop-metal. Best  songs: &quot;Bad Medicine&quot; &quot;Born to be my Baby&quot; &quot;I'll  be There for You&quot; &quot;Stick to Your Guns&quot; and especially  &quot;Wild is the Wind.&quot;
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This CD is a testamony of how Darren and Daniel are progressing as musicians, they have defenately excelled themselves with Affirmation every song could be a single.<br />Darren Hayes has an incredible voice and you can  hear passion for his words, when he sings and for the music that Daniel  Hayes writes to those words, makes for another Elton John/ Burnie Taupin  partnership.<br />They jell extremely well together. I have no doubt that they  will be around for a long time to come, as they deserve to be,, they are  Brilliant I have been waiting for some good music to come around again and  have found it with Savage Garden.<br />Keep up the good work!
6305718954|5.0|Stigmata may have  highly disturbing side-effects on the people having imitated ideas (not original), I mean, the ideas that haven't been properly situated in the mind. Truth, anger, myst and the holy icons are involved in  this motion picture. After the &quot;end sequence&quot; hits the screen,  you won't escape from yourself without asking &quot;how is your faith these  days?&quot;. Perfect cast and perfect direction. Especially the colors and  the angles are astonishing. I do not want to compare it with &quot;The  Exorcist&quot;, &quot;Rosemary's Baby&quot; or something spectacular,  because the movie has its own mystery in itself
0780627024|4.0|In the world of black and white, no one suspected that their world and lives would been changed forever. As two 90's kids,played by Tobey Maguire and Reese Witherspoon, are zapped into the black and white televions sit  and soon find themselves trapped in a world of a &quot;perfect place.&quot;  They were trapped into the televsion by the remote control they were  fighting over with--and ZAP! They found themselves in the wonderful world  of black and white.  Everything in the town seems so perfect, that the  youngest girl is frustrated over it.  She wants to get out of the black and  white world of Pleasantville. But the boy seems to be attached to the  place.  And he wants to stay.  He has seen every Pleaseville sitcom reruns  on T.V., that he just about knows everyone in Pleasantville.  So the only  way the girl can get out of Pleasantville is to make everything her way.   But the strange guy that keeps appearing on the television, played by Andy  Griffin, tells them that to do nothing, absoulutely nothing that has to do  with &quot;unpleasant things&quot; in Pleasantville.  But the girl doesn't  listen and starts dating other guys and having sex with other guys she's  seeing.  That's when the problem starts.  The whole town of Plaseantville  soon turns out to be not so pleasant after all.  Spectacualar visual  special effects! Nothing is as simple as black and white.
B000000W5L|3.0|Bigger is not always better. &quot;Exile&quot; contains some very good songs, but also contains a lot of filler. The album would be better had it been cut down to twelve or thirteen songs and put on a single record. The  good stuff: Rocks Off, Tumbling Dice, Sweet Virginia, Loving Cup, Let It  Loose, Shine A Light, Stop Breaking Down and a few others. Half of the  songs are pretty much forgettable, though. Sticky Fingers is a much better,  more solid album.
B00004NRUM|4.0|I am taken aback by the two previous posts.  Boring?  I think not.  Perhaps the concept threw them.  The album is atmospheric and Pink Floydesque.  There are hard rocking tunes on the disc too though.  Give  this a shot AFTER buying Misplaced Childhood, Script for a jester's tear,  or Clutching @ straws.  Good listening!
0671015206|4.0|THIS IS A BOOK THAT I WAS MEANT TO READ. AS I READ IT TO MY WIFE ALOUD, SHE THOUGHT I WAS MAKING UP A FEW LINES TO MAKE IT SOUND LIKE IT WAS ABOUT US. I WAS READING CHAPTER FIVE. THIS BOOKS VALIDATES EVERYTHING I HAVE FELT FOR THE LAST FIFTEEN YEARS OF MY MARRIAGE AND I AM SURE THAT IT WILL AFFECT  THE FUTURES OF MY WIFE AND THREE SONS IF I CAN PUT INTO PRACTICE THE TRUTHS  AND LIFESTYLE HABITS PUT FORTH IN THIS BOOK.
0783208227|5.0|Ron Underwood directs (Tremors) this warm-heartidly movie about a comedy that deals with second chances.  It makes you think about the meaning of life and what might happen if you were in a world of imagination.  In the  beginning a couple is about to recieve a new born baby, but just as a  stupid bus driver who &quot;accidently&quot; drives off the bridge and  kills some people who had a job and kids to take care of.  When they get  out of the bus wreck, they don't know if they're dead yet.  But suddenly  the start to float in thin air and out towards the roads to the little boy  that was being born.  Why were they doing this, they seem to wonder? But  they soon find out that the little boy's paretns had a terrible accident  and the four people are forced on takeing care of the child until their  time has come to move on.  Nicely done, Ron Underwood! Enjoyed it very  much.  And you should enjoy it too!
B000005K6F|5.0|i bought jamiroquai when i was traveling somewhere and i was tired of the CDs i had brought with me.  This is a great CD.  I listen to it when i am trying to do work, when i'm hanging out, when i'm in the mood to party.   This music is elastic and adaptable to any situation.  the lead singer's  voice is so smooth and unique.  i really recommend the purchase of this CD.
B000021Y77|5.0|Three movies in one. They contain what I like about good european movies. The originality and freshness, that you maybe find in some independent features in North America.  When I went to see this movie, I thought it could be  about a runaway Lola, or Lola being chased for her life. But I found a more  interesting and original argument. When you think that everything is done, then surprise strike again. This is like going to the gym, now that you run with her, your heart ends beating like hers, because of the action and plot of this excellent movie.
0385495315|5.0|I want to echo the idea that this is an excellent book for the layperson.  You need not be a mathematician to understand and enjoy this book.  If you have a casual interest in science and, most importantly, a love of ideas,  you'll enjoy this book.  I would also recommend James Burke's The Knowledge  Web.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix was hailed as the best action thriller of the year, and I have to say I have never seen fight scenes like them, the only film that comes anywhere close is the excellent Blade. A brilliant script, fantastic  performances from the cast, and a good directing job have combined to make  this film highly watchable to anybody. However the categorisation of sci-fi  action thriller is often met with cries of 'Oh no I won't like that' or  'It's really not what I like to watch', but trust in me even if this is not  the kind of film you would normally watch it is well worth a look in, and  that much it certainly deserves. Keanu Reeves is on top form as Neo, the  main character, expelling rumours of his sawdust like brain, wooden acting  talent, and general stupidity.  This is him at his best and he is as good  as any big name I've seen recently. Laurence Fishburne plays the arcane and  sinister Morpheus to a tee, his riddles will drive you insane after a  while, but that is part of the film, and watching how the riddles solve  themselves is highly enthralling. Carrie-Ann Moss is good in her supporting  role as Trinity, but in my opinion it's Hugo Weaver as Smith, the  patronising agent who steals the show, he is the character you love to  hate, but you can't help but like his character, he's so devious. The  Matrix is a brilliant film, it's plot however is highly complicated, and it  helps to have someone to explain it to you, or at least watch it twice. You  may be tempted to give up due to the complexity of it all but be patient  and trust me this film is more than worth perservering with, and even if  you don't like it, just give it a try. Enjoy viewing.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I baught this cd not being a huge fan of metalica, but i heard it before, and enjoyed it.  These two(metalica, S. F. Syphony Orchestra) should get together more often!   This music is definitly creepy, dynamic, and  majestic all at the same time!  Guaranteed a hit with all ages, a   classical music or hard rock fan- or both.  A definit acoplishment, that is  well worth your attention!
B00000J7S8|5.0|Whoever decided to put &quot;Let's Face The Music and Dance&quot; as the opening track should receive a thousand kudos. It swept me off my feet, and it should do the same to you too!
0385474547|5.0|It is seldom that my lover and I find a book that we both enjoy so much.  The book built up towards a climax until I couldn't take it anymore.  When it was finialy over I found myself wanting more. Huzzah and kudos to Mr.  Achebe
0767819462|5.0|I recently bought this fablous movie.  Even though I have now watched it five times, every time I start crying!  It's a very touching movie that really makes you stop and think about life, and how wonderful it is!  Susan  Sarandon really seems like the charater she portrays (Jackie Harrison the  mother of 2 children).  She is diagnosed with cancer just as her ex-husband  gets engaged.  She fears that the children's new stepmom will take her  place after she passes away, yet the stepmom (Julia Roberts as Isabelle) is  afraid that she will never be able to make the kids accept her.  The two of  them become friends at the end.  The song &quot;Ain't no mountain high  enough&quot; really portrays the meaning and moral of the whole picture.   This fantastic movie will make you laugh and cry at the same time!  Take my  advice and see it!  I wish I could rate it higher than 5 stars because it  deserves at least 10!
B000002HAF|5.0|When I first got this at 16 (turning 23 this year), no one I knew at the time had heard of this Bean-town phenomenon known as the Pixies.  Boy, am I so glad that I bought this one before Doolittle or I never would have  appreciated the bands efforts through their 5 year run (from the Caribou EP  through Trompe Le Monde).  <br />Surfer Rosa uses the verse-chorus-verse in a  very abstract sense.  Most songs are less than 3 minutes, but the intensity  of the songs leaves you wanting more.  The lyrics are not what you'd call  conventional wisdom.  This is a fun band to (I am not condoning or making  any unlawful suggestions- due to the laws of my country and probably  yours), this is a fun band to light up to..  and I don't mean a  cigarette.<br />Another essential album for people who want to hear how  numerous 1990's and future bands were/are influenced.
B00002DE0S|3.0|I bought this because it was supposed to be different, and it is.  Different means slower.  While Josef Hofmann buzzes through #1 in 34 minutes and Rubinstein (far and away my favorite in both works) opts for a  leisurely 40 minutes, Zimerman stretches it out to 46 minutes. In fact, the  two concertos take 2 (!) CD's.  Many people seem to love these  performances, but they're not for me.
B000002A3T|5.0|I must say that I personally liked this album a great deal. The songs are generally of a high standard, and Gilmour's guitarplay is complemented very well by Wright's synth pads and sound effects. I'm also pleasantly  surprised by the use of piano in many of the pieces such as &quot;A Great  Day for Freedom&quot;. This combo produces a very expansive sound, mellow  but at the same time massive. Rythmically, songs are generally more  interesting than in &quot;A Momentary Lapse of Reason&quot;, but not as  innovative as some of their earlier stuff (Money anyone?).<br />I recommend  listening to this album before buying it though as there is some  controversy over this album. Generally people agree over the fact that Pink  Floyd's sound is different since Waters left, and many people don't like  Pink Floyd's new sound.  It's got great electric guitar, but lacks the  great acoustic guitarplay of classic albums such as &quot;Animals&quot; or  &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot;. Mason's beat is generally also different  from earlier albums. All in all it's got a more &quot;synthesized&quot;  sound. I guess this comes from Wright's heavy use of synth pads, using  synthesizers more and in a more mainstream way. This new sound is a refined  version of the sound pioneered in the &quot;A Momentary Lapse of  Reason&quot; album, but DB is a better album, with Gilmour now also having  a more experienced voice. I guess I can sum it up by advicing potential  buyers to listen to it before you buy. Either you like Pink Floyd's new  stuff, as I do, or you don't.
B000000WHX|5.0|The members (and producers) of Massive Attack will always be known as THE pioneers of the trip-hop genre.  Blue Lines swirls with snare drum beats, soft bass guitar, and other instrumentation that flows through and through  like a dream of peace and proserity. As one reviewer described the  &quot;positive&quot; aspect of this album, Blue Lines is the kind of album  that gives inner calm.  I relaxed and meditated with this album for months.   Massive Attack's debut produces a sedative effect on the listener, like  soul food, and even brings back the spirit of the 1960's that everything  within should promote your consciousness to being a peacemaker and  peacegiver. Songs like &quot;Hymn of the Big Wheel&quot; describe the  plight of man's short time on earth and how destiny shapes us all.   &quot;Be Thankful For What You've Got&quot; is a motown remake set to a  reggae sounding beat and soft record LP scratchin' (used in R&amp;B and rap  music), sounding much the same yet with modern vibe. &quot;Unfinished  Sympathy&quot;, a U.K. hit single from this album is painfully beautiful  and lyrically stunning about the lover that hurt you, but yet you still  want them back (which fades out with a piano solo)  &quot;Like a soul  without a mind/ in a body without a heart/ I'm missin' every part&quot;  Every song on Blue Lines is a testament to the human existence (sex, love,  for richer, for poorer, ecstasy, joy, remorse, jealousy, life...)
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game, written by Orson Scott Card, is, in my opinion, a fantastic book.  It is very well written, and it presents a great plot.  It does, however, have a few downsides to it.  In this essay you will read about the good and bad aspects of this  book.<br /> I have several arguments saying that Ender's Game is a good  book.  One of these is that Ender is a strong, well-portrayed character.   He has many sides to him.  He loves his sister, hates his brother, is a  military genius, and is the youngest of the launchies (new recruits or  students at Battle School) to be promoted to an army.  His teachers feign  favoring Ender in order to isolate him by making the other boys dislike  him.  Ender is forced to prove himself time and again, and is finally  accepted into the group.  When the teachers see that he has been accepted,  they put him in an army to further isolate him and make him prove himself  yet again.  They are trying to teach him that no one will help him.   P68-69: `Alai looked up at him.  \\"Don't you know?  This was on your bed.   You must have sat on it.\\"  Ender took it from him. ENDER WIGGINS ASSIGNED  SALAMANDER ARMY COMMANDER BONZO MADRID EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY CODE GREEN  GREEN BROWN NO POSSESSIONS TRANSFERRED Ender shook his head.  It was the  stupidest thing he could think of, to promote him now.  Nobody got promoted  before they were eight years old.  Ender wasn't even seven yet.  Just when  things were finally coming together.  Just when his life was finally  getting livable.  \\"I don't want to go,\\" he said.   \\"I understand them,  Ender. [said Alai.] You are the best of us.  Maybe they in a hurry to teach  you everything.\\" \\"They don't want to teach me everything,\\" Ender said.  \\"I  wanted to learn what it was like to have a friend.\\" '   Though this  book may be truly enthralling, there are some downsides to it.  I do not  like the fact that Ender killed two boys in physical fights.  He was  standing up for himself, I know, but I think that just having the boys  hospitalized would have been enough.  Also, at one point in the book, Ender  becomes indifferent to everything because the people at the school have  pushed him so hard.  Though this indifference works well with the story, I  do not think that indifference works with \\"Ender\\" half as well as peanut  butter goes with jelly, or milk with cookies.  Basically, though this is a  great book, there are some parts that I did not like as well as others.<br />  Another strong aspect of Ender's Game is the games.  There are many of  them, but the main one is then one that the armies play.  The children at  Battle School are all obsessed with it.  The game what they all strive to  be the best in.  Some children, like Ender's friend, Dink Meeker, have  their own opinions about the enemy in the games are. P107-108: `  \\"These  other armies, they aren't the enemy.  It's the teachers, they're the enemy.   They get us to fight each other, to hate each other.  The game is  everything.  Win win win.  It amounts to nothing.  We kill ourselves, go  crazy trying to beat each other, and all the time the old bastards are  watching us, studying us, discovering our weak points, deciding whether  we're good enough or not.  Well, good enough for what?  I was six years old  when they brought me here.  What the hell did I know?  They decided I was  right for the program, but nobody ever asked if the program was right for  me.\\" \\"So why don't you go home?\\" [Ender asked.] Dink smiled crookedly.    \\"Because I can't give up the game.  Because I love this.\\"<br />P111: `But  Ender could not stop thinking about what Dink had said.  The Battle School  was so enclosed, the game so important in the minds of the children, that  Ender had forgotten there was a world outside.'   The game is a battle  between two armies.  In the battle, the armies use guns that freeze the  opponent's joint(s) or, if they are hit correctly, their whole body.  In  the battle room, there are some obstacles, stars (p89: `Huge brown boxes  were suspended in midair, partially obstructing the view.  So these were  the obstacles that soldiers called stars.  They were distributed seemingly  at random. ).  There is no gravity in the battle rooms, so whichever way  you are facing is up for you.  The way to win is to completely disable the  other army, and then have at least five soldiers who are completely  unfrozen left. <br /> This book was written in a way that things never got  boring.  All the time there were new twists, turns, and rules being added.   There was character growth, action, and real feelings involved.  Feelings  of hate, love, and sorrow spilling out from Ender, his friends, and his  enemies.  This is a book of excitement, disappointment, anger, fear,  strategy, and games---Ender's games.
B00003W8NM|5.0|In most movies, to a certian extent, you have to put  realty on hold and enjoy it for what it is...a movie.  In the case of Fight Club, that may be true...BUT...part of you can't help but think, &quot;WOW, this is so  true...&quot;  Ed Norton plays your avearge Joe.  A young man who is  suffering from job insecurity and insomina.  He buys lavish things to show  his place in society, like most of us feel we have to do.  Ultimatley, he  comes to realize that everything in life you own, in return ends up owning  you.  Fight Club is an amazing film based on fantasy turned reality.   Somewhere, inside all of us, we have the same feeling and intuitions that  Ed Norton experiences in this excellent movie.  Although dark and graphic  at times, you will find that this movie is one that will soon become a  classic.  It's unfortunate that it hasn't gotten more recoginition.  Fight  Club is skewed male, there is no doubt about it.  But a true movie fan,  male or female will realize what a piece of art David Fincer has created in  Fight Club
031286504X|5.0|I grew up look and reading anything about vampires.One night I saw a movie on tv title the omega man. I loved this movie. I found out that this movie was taken from the book I am legend. I had to find this book. I found the  book at the age of 39. The book takes you into the life of the last man on  earth. The last normal man for everyone else are vampires.The book take you  on a ride into the mind and will of the last man on earth. This is a must  read for a true vampire fan,and for fans of a good book.Anyone who thinks  that they know the story from the omega man,and will not read the book are  missing the story altogether. The movie can not touch the book in anyway.
B000006UNF|5.0|I can't believe I'm the first one to review this album!  I bought this one on cassette in 1985 after being introduced to Marillion by some older friends of mine. The &quot;Misplaced Childhood&quot; album was topping the  charts at the time (at least in Europe) and &quot;Kayleigh&quot; was all  over the radio. Some curious newbie fans wanted to check out their previous  material, and so I did. The original &quot;Script For A Jester's Tear&quot;  album has six songs (Disc 1 on this set), all of which are long, more or  less complex tracks that just keep growing on you. It has some sort of  &quot;in the beginning&quot; feel to it, like some debut albums have, and  it took some time compared to &quot;Misplaced Childhood&quot; getting to  know the songs, but this is the one Marillion album I keep listening to  from time to time. Excellent lyrics, changing moods, brilliant guitar by  Steve Rothery and unforgettable keyboards by Mark Kelly - seems to me he  has forgotten how to play like this by now. Get this album and  &quot;Fugazi&quot; as well, and listen patiently. You'll have a goldie for  life! Disc 2 is also a brilliant addition including the 18-minute  &quot;Grendel&quot; which was a B-side of their first 12&quot; only. Ok,  this music may be &quot;dated&quot;, but it's 1983, sounds like 1973, and I  love it!
0793518326|3.0|Most of these transcriptions have some error or other, but that isn't my main complaint. My main complaint is that you get the lead vocal line, the basic bass pattern, the basic drum pattern, and chord symbols, and  everything else is hit or miss (mostly miss, but I do appreciate the hits;  the hits are why I've given this three stars and not one star). The lead  vocal line, the basic bass pattern, the basic drum pattern, and chord  symbols are just what you can easily take off the record yourself. For  songs with arrangements not guitar or keyboard oriented, for &quot;Eleanor  Rigby&quot;, &quot;Within You and Without You&quot;, and many other songs,  these transcriptions are almost completely useless.<br />Several writers have  complained about the small print. These writers are evidently unfamiliar  with &quot;miniature&quot; or &quot;study&quot; scores. (Full-size scores  are prohibitively expensive to purchase; conductors usually rent them.)  Nevertheless, what we find in this book, which resembles a set of scores in  some ways (not enough to justify the title), could easily be enlarged if  tablature for two guitars, tablature for bass guitar, and chord diagrams  were removed--and at no loss whatsoever to the content. (Stop whining: if  you want to read Beatles music, first you need to learn to read music; it's  not that tough.)<br />One more thing: By &quot;complete&quot;, the title means  every song the Beatles recorded and released to the general public while  the Beatles existed is included here. I don't want to hear anyone else  lamenting the absence of &quot;Free as a Bird&quot;. Thank you.
0679423664|1.0|This book was such a disappointmen!  It's the book about nothing.  Girl, Interrupted was very dull and there was no character development, I never felt anything for the main character or anyone else in the book.  Some  sections did not even make sense.
B0000029GA|5.0|This is a classic. What else can describe this album? The beats and lyrics are flat-out amazing. Illmatic conveys Nas' emotions on to record as he talks about the pain of the streets and the violence and chaos that  surrounds him. From the sad &quot;One Love&quot;, to the upbeat  &quot;Memory Lane&quot;, to the freestyle-anthem &quot;It Aint' Hard To  Tell&quot;, Illmatic is classic material from start to finish. Illmatic has  some of the best production in hip-hop from the likes of Large Professor,  Q-Tip, DJ Premier, Pete Rock, and L.E.S. Nas has never released an album  that can compare to this. If you don't have this, pick it up.
B00000GAMF|5.0|Marillion will take you for a ride into new dimension,s of music unlike any other band could ever do. I love to listen to them when I am driving. They are the best band in the world bar none!
B00000J7J4|5.0|I have Santana albums dating back to 1977. Tonight I dusted off some old LP's and got busy reminiscing. The Supernatural album just reminds us all that it ain't over to it's over. My two teenagers are amazed that there is  music that we have a mutual love for.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|Quite a few of Maiden's album are hailed as metal classics, but their seventh studio album, Seventh Son of a Seventh Son, is for me their best album. First of all, this is a an example of brilliant songwriting combined  with a production that Maiden has yet to repeat. Maiden shows through the  songs how varied they can be; uptempo stuff like 'Moonchild' through  spellbinding guitar work on the more calm 'Infinite Dreams'. Further, this  is a concept album where the group manage to tell a story through their  best lyrics to date. And finally, I think that Mr. Dickinson has not sung  better than this on any other record.<br />Song highlights: Infinite Dreams,  The Clairvoyant.
B00000IACG|2.0|OK, let me set this straight... I am a BIG Fugazi fan. Been so since I heard a live tape of theirs in 1988.<br />But I gotta say that this is a painfully bad release.<br />The songs are repetitive, atonal, unstructured,  and sloppy pieces. There is no apparent musicianship or any content that's  particularly edgy or adventurous (unless you're intrigued by what Guy can  come up with in his bedroom with a couple of instruments and obviously too  much time on his hands. UGH!). Just really bad experimental music jams that  should never left the demo tapes. (Just check out the sound samples and  you'll see.)<br />The only song on the entire CD with any chutzpah or  character is the understated &quot;I'm So Tired,&quot; where Ian sounds  lays his soul onto the table in a way that he hsan't in years.<br />Please  note that I have never seen the video, so maybe there's a whole context  issue that I'm missing. But as a stand-alone release, I feel cheated that a  band of such high ideas would release such a poorly-conceived, low-quality  effort.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I am a major CREED fan and I love them.  Though many fans I know don't like Human Clay as well as My Own Prison,  I like it better.  The single &quot;What If&quot; that is also on the Scream 3 soundtrack is just  spectacular and the performance of &quot;Higher&quot; at the AMA's was  cool. CREED rocks.
6303149200|5.0|This is simply a classic movie. The end of the movie is chilling and brilliant. Not for the mainstream moviegoer but those that like something different.
B000009ED0|5.0|Kid Rock is not some suddenly hit the big time after only recording for 5 months guy. Most people had never heard of him before Cowboy and Bawitdaba and Only God Knows Why started playing on the radio nonstop. Kid Rock spent  10 YEARS trying to be heard and now he's finally got what he deserves. He  had 3 cd's out before he hit the &quot;big time.&quot; All of you people  that want to judge him because you dont like his music, grow up. Kid Rock  and his music deserves respect. He's worked hard for where he is today..  would you want someone slamming and badmouthing YOUR accomplishments? I  dont think so :)
B00000J7J4|5.0|I have been a fan of carlos santana for years. please keep doing what you are doing carlos,because you will always have my support!                                love ya                       edee bee      a i
1564029654|5.0|This book is all of these things.  It depicts siblings sticking together, working through scary thoughts, and of course, a happy ending.  All done with Martin Waddell's wonderful sense of humor.  Seek out his other books,  too.  Another favorite of ours is Farmer Duck.
6303109950|5.0|The best western of the decade put Russell and Kilmer on the top of the performance list. Who new that they could act this way!  However you can not acknowledge just these two guys and let the others slip by. The  suporting cast is one of the best I have ever seen. That is rare when you  get two big name actors. Also look for Harry Carey Jr, as one the Tombstone  law men. George P. Cosmatos actually made a good film and did a good job  directing it! This film is among the 10 best of the decade! Grade:A
B00000F2U8|3.0|Burt Reynolds and Clint Eastwood play a PI (former cop) and police detective respectively seeking to bring down \\"snotball\\" bad guys in a 1930's genre gangster movie. While not normally a fan of satire, it has an  entirely different flavor when actors are poking fun at themselves rather  than someone else. It is fun to watch Reynolds and Eastwood play highly  exaggerated stereotypes of their signature characters - a little like  watching Jackie Chan outtakes. <br />Unfortunately, the satire rapidly wears a  little thin like the same joke being repeated over and over again for an  hour and a half. The ending is especially lame; as if they just got tired  of making the movie and slapped something together so they could all go  home.<br />Is it worth watching? Yes, if someone is in the right mood and  doesn't expect too much.
0783216084|1.0|Jaws 4 was The Godfather to Jaws.I don't know how Steven Spielburg directed this.For GOOD Spielburg movies,I suggest you check out  Close Encounters of the Third Kind,Raiders of the Lost Ark, or Amistad.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica and the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra?  YES!   I wan not much of a Metallica fan until I heard this cd, now I would consider it one of the best I own.  I would recomend this title to anyone who likes rock and  dosen't mind a twist to the music.  Hopefully they will try this again with  some of their other songs.
0783216084|1.0|Besides being absolutely disgusting,this IS the worst movie ever made.Jaws 2 was WAY better.Check out Jaws 4 too.
B00000K2UY|5.0|This is the first soundtrack I ever bought and I was immediately hooked!  All the songs are great with the exception of Memories and Playing With The Boys(Remix).
044100590X|5.0|WOW!  This book is an amazing read.  Not only is the plot superb, but it is written in a manner that catches the reader and never bores him/her.  Considering the prodigious length of the book this is quite a feat.  Dune is given a world of mystery, proud tradition, and dangerous conflicts with  the new and the old.  The characters interact in a pleasing manner and the  end is not what we the readers expect, but exactly what we want.
6302662648|5.0|Screenplays this good are rare; casts and direction that can pull them off are rarer.  This is the only all-star true ensemble film I've seen in a long time, and that's most likely what got it the production and publicity  it deserved.  There's so much chemistry between Redford, Poitier, Akroyd,  Strathairn, McDonnell and Phoenix (and of course Kingsley) that it hurts to  think that there'll never be a sequel--and this is coming from a very  anti-sequel person.<br />This is the movie Mission:  Impossible could have  been, and the movie a lot of other movies should have watched.  It's an  ensemble, a genre-blender and a movie you'll want to watch a hundred times.   Please, please watch it and contribute to the support of really good  movies for a long time to come.
B00000IKSC|5.0|I've seen this concert on both FoX Family, and the Pay-Per-View channel, when I first ordered it, that was the best. I've seen this video millions of times, but it just gets better every time! You'll see all thier great songs, and dance moves, and some stuff in the beginning with just them  talking. So if you haven't seen it yet, you'll really enjoy this video :)
630420065X|1.0|This is a nice summer Tom Cruise movie.  It has a decent plot, magic tricks, Ving Rhames and Jean Reno.  It is NOT Mission: Impossible.<br />Despite some half-hearted attempts at teamwork and a scene  blatantly stolen from Topkapi, Koepp and De Palma have taken one of the  great ensemble shows and turned it into Tommy Bond.  This film, despite its  occasional strengths, doesn't deserve to be called Mission: Impossible.   Watch it only if you were never a fan.
B00002NDB1|1.0|I cant believe. They did an album worst than X-FACTOR !  Its amazing!  Maiden (Steve) please wake up! Give another job to Janick Gers, and stop writing always the same kind of compositions!
B000020617|5.0|And, oh yeah, the album is lots of fun.  &quot;Stacked Actors&quot; makes me want to yell at things, &quot;Aurora&quot; makes me want to float around on cottony things, but it's only &quot;Learn To Fly&quot; and its  accompanying video (thankfully included on the CD--you can watch the band  being cute and funny in one of the best videos this year as many times as  you want) that can make me want to dance around in my living room.  Get  this CD.  You may end up doing some dancing of your own.
B000001EPB|5.0|I have seen LotD live 5 times (and going for a 6th in less than a month)...I have met the dancers on several occasions and appreciate all the heart and soul they put into the show.  This cd captures the essence and  beauty of the show, but I agree that it would be better with taps  throughout...that is an important part of the music too.
B00000J7J4|4.0|This is indeed a fine mixture of Carlos' passionate instrumental gifts and collaberation with various modern artists. There's something for everyone on &quot;Supernatural&quot;. The instrumentals will knock your socks off  (check out the dual guitar interplay with Mr. Clapton on &quot;the  Calling&quot;). The collaberation with Rob Thomas on &quot;Smooth&quot; is  the album's best vocal cut. Carlos, your Grammy was long overdue, amigo,  and this fine album proves it without a doubt.
B00000J7J4|5.0|SUPERNATURAL, supersoul, superswing, supersongs, supersonic, superguitar, supersolos, SUPERB! <br />FOR SURE, &quot;THE&quot; ALBUM OF THE YEAR.<br />Santana has always given a different meaning to guitar. His solos  make the guitar sing and talk. And in this album it is not different. The  Grammy is more than deserved !  &quot;Smooth&quot;, with Rob Thomas, is  fantastic. The Real Song of the Year! <br />It may seem that I am that kind  of &quot;blind fan&quot; of Santana. I really like his work, but I am not  that kind. However, this album is a &quot;master-piece&quot;.<br />A  &quot;MUST HAVE&quot; one. I MUST reccomend it. You won't want your money  back. I guarantee !
B00000DHRZ|3.0|Don't get me wrong, I'm not some hard core punk guy who only likes extremely thrashy music. On the other hand, I am a Greenday fan. Just to let you all know. I have 'Smash' and 'Ixnay' - in fact, Smash was the first  Punk album I ever bought. But this is different. This is...poppyin places.  In my opinion it is not a bad thing that Pretty Fly weny to number one (in  the UK), and i'm not saying that they've sold out just because they are  more commercially popular now. In fact, I am pleased that they have changed  direction slightly. Another samey punk album wouldn't have gone down any  better with me. It's just that it's not as good a direction in my opinion.  The sarcastic lyrics are still there, but the conviction that powered songs  like 'Self Esteem' appears to have been replaced by comedy. So, on the one  hand we have a band to be congratulated on attempting to go new places (in  my view) and do new things with punk (again, in my view). It's just that,  on the other hand, the places and things aren't that good (once again, in  my view). Personally, I would recommend that you listen to the album  several times before you buy it. It doesn't get played very often at my  house...
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is the best band in the world. And anybody who badmouths Slipknot doesn't know what they're talking about. If you like Slipknot, also try checking out a band called Spite, and a band called Cradle Of Thorns
B0000047CW|5.0|MY BROTHER SENT ME THIS REORDING FROM JAPAN 34 YEARS AGO.  IT IS AS GOOD TODAY AS IT WAS THEN. TREAT YOURSELF TO THE ORIGINAL SMOOTH JAZZ.  NOTHING GOES BETTER WITH A GLASS OF WINE; A DRIVE BY THE OCEAN OR A ROARING FIRE ON  A COLD WINTER NIGHT! GET IT NOW!
6300268993|5.0|I love this movie for its pure cheesiness.  Everything from Christopher Reeve walking to the North Pole in his Members Only jacket, to the yellow magic-markered flames that issue forth from the soldiers' flamethrower, to  the retarded child playing on the railing at Niagra Falls to the  breakdancing guy in roller skates blown down the street by the  supervillans.  Absolutely hysterical.... but the best aspect of this film  is Terence Stamp with his wonderfully over-the-top performance of General  Zod.  &quot;Come, son of Jor-El!  Kneel before Zod!&quot;  &quot;Why do you  say these things when you know that I will kill you for it?&quot;   Brilliant!
6303187064|5.0|The Crow along with the first Superman movie are case studies in how to adapt a comic book story to the screen.<br />This is a very faithful adaptation to the James O'Barr comic book that even includes sequences  directly from the comic book (eg. the scene in the pawnshop).  Visually,  Alex Proyas tells the story very quickly.  I know a lot of filmmakers hate  rapid cuts, but in a comic book adaptation, it fits stylistically.  Comics  are read with that type of pace...going quickly from panel to panel.<br />It's  too bad Brandon couldn't be around to enjoy the success of this film and  the launching pad it would have been for his career.
B000046PVN|5.0|Well, I can't believe it has finally been released.  Superman, one of John Williams' best works has been digitally remastered and distributed in its complete form.  The first Superman soundtrack was missing many tracks and  offered edited versions of tunes you heard in the movie.  But now, this new  release has every song as heard in the film plus other unreleased gems to  go along with it.  Although the person who created the packaging wasn't too  bright (the booklet does not fit underneath the cardboard), the cd has tons  of great original artwork and liner notes to keep the Superman fan happy.   The sound of this cd is much better than the first, although there are some  blemishes here and there.  Overall, I believe it's a must have.
6303212263|5.0|This is the story of Superman told the way it should have been told.<br />This film is truly worthy of the DVD grand treatment!  A remastered letterboxed edition with all the added footage from the tv broadcasts as  well as trailers and directors commentary.<br />If Warner home video would  only hurry up and release the DVD.  The pan and scan VHS copy doesn't do  this film justice.
6305538018|4.0|First off, can we please stop comparing this movie to 'The Matrix' simply because both movies are about virtual reality?  It's a real waste of time trying to compare two movies that are so entirely different from one  another.  The only similarities are the ways that virtual reality can be  used to enslave humans, but it ends there...<br />This movie isn't about  action sequences...it is a more 'cerebral' movie that examines the  unconscious aspects of VR systems and asks not &quot;what is reality?&quot;  but rather &quot;where is reality?&quot;  eXistenZ is a disorienting movie  that never actually tells the viewer WHERE the characters are, leaving the  characters and the viewers in a confused and disturbed state that is very  effective about leaving us with a vague sense of unease about VR.<br />You've  really got to pay close attention to this movie and eliminate distractions  when watching it to get the full effect.  (If you're someone with a low  attention span who prefers the gun-fighting of 'The Matrix' then this isn't  really for you.  The Matrix is a great film, but it really is a different  kind of film.)  There are some really crazy twists, and the plot is at  times difficult to follow along, but it is a very rewarding experience,  especially if you can make it all the way to the end of the ride.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|I found this cd to be very repititous. She relies on the same beats and the same &quot;theme&quot; to every song. I dislike &quot;Waiting for Tonight&quot; the most though, perhaps because all she seems to do is say  &quot;waiting for tonight&quot; and then follow it by a resounding  &quot;whoaaaa&quot;...and it seems those two lines are the whole basis of  the song. I dont know about anyone else, but after hearing her yell out  &quot;whooaaa&quot; for the 50th time, I turned the cd off. The most famous  song &quot;If you had my love&quot; is good at hiding a bad voice...it  emphasis's dance beats with an up tempo melody...distracting the listener  from Lopez's generic sounding voice. The rest of the disc is a sad attempt  at music also. Personally, I think she was just another singer jumping on  the &quot;Latina&quot; bandwagon. It also shows that by having the right  connections (ie-Puff Daddy) and by showing enough skin...you can get even  richer, without having talent. Personally I think she needs to tone up, put  some clothes on, and take singing lessons. Next please....
0790729628|3.0|Having seen the original cut of Blade runner, I recommended it to everyone who mentioned an interest in sci-fi.  However many told me that they rented the movie (director's cut) but couldn't follow it.  Much to my chagrin I  found out why.  The original cut had Ford providing a voice-over that  explained some of culture, environment and   gave insight as to why he  (Decker) quit the force.  So much was lost by removing he voice-over. In  the  director's cut, you're left with the scene of Ford flying off with  Young to live out what remains of  her 4-year lifespan.  The original has  the same scene but the voice-over explains how they beat the system ( and  Olmos ).  Hands down the original  cut with Ford's voice-over would easily  earn at least 5 stars, yet this director's cut was too deep, especially in  the scene where Ford confronts Hauer. This could be an fine example of it's  genre.  As it is, I bought this DVD in the hopes that Ford's commentary  would be there.  Still, I pray that someone will re-release the original  cut on DVD.
0312243022|4.0|In &quot;The Hours,&quot; Pulitzer prize winning author Michael Cunningham, sews together a seemingly disconnected menagerie of three separate lives into a magnificently woven and thoughtfully created  patchwork.  Within the duration of 24 hours, our author guides us through  the actions, thoughts, hopes and fears of three women including (most  ambitiously) Virginia Woolfe as she spins out her timeless masterpiece,  Mrs. Dalloway.  While Cunningham seamlessly weaves his stories together,  the destination is much less impressive that the journey itself.  As the  hours pass, we travel through a day in the lives these individuals have  chosen.  In fact, choice, is perhaps the most conspicuous theme that lurks  ominously behind the daily machinations of Cunningham's characters.  Laura,  a post-war housewife, battles her conflicted domestic situation on an  almost incessant basis as she futiley attempts, with her objectified little  boy, to bake the birthday cake of all cakes -- a task which she is innately  incapable of and ultimately disempassioned about achieving.  Similarly,  Clarissa, a successful contemporary publisher, spends her hours toiling  over the details of a tributary party being thrown for her dearest friend,  a dying poet who will never attend.  Finally, our historical heroine,  Woolfe, will spend her morning birthing words for her novel which she  exhaustively regards like a new mother upon a distorted newborn.  Like  Sisyphus on the hill, all three women are imprisoned by the details of  their chosen lives, both loathing and addicted to them at all times.   Cunningham successully captures the chaotic thoughts of his characters in a  very real and human manner.  He quite masterfully takes us through the  rapid impulses of feeling a person experiences on an hourly if not,  momentary basis.  The contrast between what one does versus what one feels,  predominates the landscape of these characters' day as does the ever  unrequited longing for what &quot;might have been.&quot;  In the end, we  come away a realism that is both sobering and full of promise that there  may only be the pure cherish of a city, the morning and the hope for  anything more.
B00003W8NM|5.0|When I saw this movie, one thought came to my mind:<br />&quot;Take the best of Pulp Fiction, Natural Born Killers, The Usual Suspects and The Matrix; take it to a higher level; and THERE YOU GO!&quot;<br />You end up with  &quot;The Fight Club&quot; (thank God the soundtrack had no Trent Reznor  tracks... otherwise, it would put you in a VERY edgy state after seeing the  movie).<br />The great thing about this movie is that it provides you with an  incredible insight about the two sides of the human soul: the dark side  (never mind Darth Vader) and the &quot;good&quot; side.<br />A MUST see...
B00003CXBK|5.0|Princess Mononoke is by far one of the most spectacular anime movies ever made.The story is beautifully told and it is dubbed wonderfully.I would recommend this movie to anyone,anime fan or not.Once you see this,you will  definately become a fan of anime.Its worth seeing again and again.
0399143904|2.0|Mr. Clancy is getting lazy. This novel comes across as an expensive, overlong, self-indulgent Mack Bolan yarn. The author basically rehashes actual terrorist events, especially the exploits of Carlos the Jackal and  the PLO. The German terrorists who conduct the assault in Vienna are  virtual carbon copies of actual Red Army Faction members.<br />Another flaw  with this story is the near-invincibility of the protaganists. Clancy's  commandos are basically bulletproof, which eliminates much of the suspense  inherent in such a tale. The only &quot;good&quot; guys killed during the  book are tertiary characters at best. Clancy's vaunted penchant for realism  is sorely lacking here. I recommend Clear and Present Danger for a more  accurate portrayal of combat.<br />If you're interested in stories such as  these, pick up a copy of &quot;Blackhawk Down&quot; instead.
B000001E7L|5.0|This is absolutely one of the greatest albums ever made, classic included.  I just fell in love with the CD the first time I heard it, and it keeps getting better and deeper every time I listen to it!  This album seems to  keep growing.  This is a classic.
0440234743|3.0|I was very pleased with this effort by Grisham.  His books are rarely a &quot;deep&quot; read, but are fun and engaging.  The Testament fills this profile well.  Good escapist reading... hard to put down.. a couple days  and late nights of entertainment.
B000003S09|5.0|Their debut album is one of the best prog rock album ever as well as the first successful one in history, fusing elements of jazz, rock and classical combined with great lyrics and masterful playing.<br />(Warning.  Women are not likely to appreciate this masterpiece by some mysterious  unknown biological reasons)
068815333X|5.0|What a great find, a very good read.  The style, plot and characters were very entertaining.  A worthy read.
B00004R99J|5.0|i believe this cartoon to be much more in depth to real-life circumstances than other ones (ie., the little mermaid, etc.). it is very deep where racial tensions are exemplified and the conclusion of the story is no less  than dramatic and beautiful! the music in the story is also more than  wonderful to the ears and mind. this movie is one of the only cartoons an  ADULT can relate to.
6305718954|2.0|This movie was pretty lame, mostly because of the script.  Not a very interesting story and not well told.  Furthermore, Arquette is really not a very good actor.  The Omen and the Exorcist are the leaders in this  genre... Stigmata doesn't warrant your attention.
6300268993|5.0|I love this film from start to finish. from the  explosion that brings the three villains to  Earth who have got Superman's powers to the scene in the Fortress of Solitude.<br />Brilliant.
B000023VTQ|4.0|If you are a &quot;fast food&quot; video watcher, don't take this one. But if you are someone who  takes the time to watch a video and enjoys the subtleties of English humour, you will have a great time. I've seen it  twice and wouldn't mind seeing it again!
0440234743|4.0|I loved this book. I love how john grisham relates everything to everyday life. I love how Nate finally gets over his addictions after meeting Racheal. It shows that he really does have character. the ending however is bad. He didn't leave enough info for us to get through the book and process  it. Does the IRS get Nate? Does he have a relationship with his children?  What happens to the children? I think that John needs to write an epilogue  to this story. He can't write a sequal because too much of the story line  is in the first book.<br />                              Danice Vogt
B000003TA4|5.0|I'm a long time Nirvana fan(92-93),I can really appreciate this album because of what has come out since.I have listened to many other bands and there so called best albums,they can't touch Nirvana Nevermind.Almost every  song off this album can be heard on rock radio,that's insane!  usually 2-5  songs on the radio is good,but 10-11,off one album!  it just proves how  great Kurt Cobain was at writing songs,and Nirvana performing them.If your  not a Nirvana fan and your reading this review,this albom will make you a  fan,trust me.
B00003CWPL|5.0|I've never liked David Lynch's stuff. 'Twin Peaks' was a totally left-field affair that never attracted my attention. Still, his 1977/78  'Eraserhead' is the exception for me. A bizarre hybrid of visual lullabye and sonic nightmare, this film is on par with 'Vampyr' in terms of its  concealment of any plot line. What you get instead is a string of images  that contribute to an overrall impression of the printer's world. He's 'on  holiday' from work, terrified of fatherhood and is being slowly eaten alive  by his own sense of perceptions regarding the mindscape he is trapped  within. I always watch this very late at night because I believe that the  images will soothe me and implant interesting mental sequences in my  slumber hours. Shot in black and white, they present themselves as some of  the most memorable in cinema history. The movie's score is droning at  times, thundering at others, occasionally helped along by the shrill  squeals of the dolphin-like offspring of the pathetic, stack-haired  'protagonist'. The true beauty of this picture is that you have to watch  everything over and over again to glean more. You can never really hope to  'get the point' of the work in its entirety but what you do manage to  decipher in the film is worth retaining in your memory banks. The acting  conforms to a style not seen since Bertolt Brecht wrote and the dialogue is  minimal. I would surmise that drug-oriented people would have a dull time  here as the effects of the chemicals and the power of the film would likely  cancel each other out. Definitely worth seeing at least once in your  life.....
B0000004V2|5.0|I heard thisone 1996,first i think that it was one  of those borin' britpop records.But one of those terrible hangover sundays i suddenly realize that it was and it is one of the greatest rock albums ever made.and  very dancable too.after that i had to listen it too much,but sometimes i  pick it up again and have to listen hole album maybe twice and don't stop  three or four times.Their charisma was also very glorious for me like no  other bands(exept rolling stones)before that and they oppened many ways  bands like suede,blur,oasis etc.just buy this one an' listen it and you can  hear marvellous rock music comin out your loudspeakers.
B000002KE2|5.0|All right; I 'm at work and have five minutes left of break so I'll have to cram. This record rocks but in a weird way. The opening track is, at eight minutes, one long roller coaster ride of doom until it spills at the  end in the form of the catatonic 'The Straightener'. 'Tomorrow's Dream' was  the choice pick for the single, followed by 'Snowblind', 'Changes' and the  hot little beauty 'Laguna Sunrise'. I have no real problem with this  selection ('Snowblind' being my own personal favourite) but I think more  attention could have been given to 'Supernaut' because it sounds like  nothing ever recorded (in rock or elsewhere) before or since. While  'Cornucopia' and 'Under the Sun' were the heaviest slammers (both mediocre  in terms of melodic value), 'F.X.' is pure fill in. Notice that I didn't  call it 'filler'. No; in 1972, this album was marketed for drug users and  therefore it was probably thought that 'F.X.' would be a clever little  excursion. It still sounds peaceful and intriguing today so I won't slam  it. All in all, a top notch release that smokes 'Paranoid'. A must have for  any so-called serious rock buff so it's well worth the money.
B000021XR5|2.0|Im glad to see a good group playing together again after the Scott Wheilans problem with heroin.  Because of that I want to listen the new cd.
B00000IZOR|4.0|After hearing my 1 year old scream from her crib, I ran in her room to find the coiled cord around her neck, tightly!  I cut the cord off and the pull cord just in case, which kind of made the pull toy feature  nonexistant.  I would only recommend this toy under close supervision by a  parent/adult.
0440219078|4.0|The Giver is a great science fiction book for young adults to read because it deals with tales and stories of human society from the past and tries to enlighten them in the present and future.  The main characters were Jonas, who was a boy of twelve, has been selected to be the Receiver of Memory and  The Giver, who once used to be the receiver and now has to give his power  to Jonas.  Jonas doesn't think it's fair that he has to suffer the pain of  remembering so many secrets of the past while everyone else isn't.  In  their world, there were no colors, no pain, no love, and there's barely any  choice to do what you want.  After holding so much power of remembrance  Jonas doesn't think that the world he lives in is a perfect world after  all.  So in the end Jonas and the The Giver makes a plan to escape the  utopian world to find freedom and true life.
0449227545|4.0|Causing earthquakes to save your home....it could happen.  anything is possible.  now granted I have read only a few of Follet's books...but I believe this is a good one.  It opens up your mind...and shows the  craziness that a person would go to save their family and/or home.  Like  the Third Twin, this was another fast and entertaining read.  Which is  good, since I dont have much free time to spare while in college.  It is  worth your time.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Eyes Wide Shut is a complicated movie. As with any Kubrick picture, there's much more to it than meets they eye, and if you find yourself thinking it to be pointless and boring, then you're not watching close  enough or working hard enough. Yes, this movie requires the viewer to  think. I hate to be one of those people who tells you you're stupid for not  &quot;understanding&quot; a movie, but a film this important begs to be  understood, and if you found it pointless the first time around, give it  another shot, but this time with an open mind. You'll be suprised at how  much this movie really has to say. This is one film that actually has the  guts to portray people as complex individuals, rather than reductive,  peurile plot devices. And remember, just because a movie doesn't force-feed  you easy answers doesn't mean it lacks a plot or focus.
0449227421|4.0|This was the first book I have ever read by him.  I was a little wary of it...but my dad suggested it and our likes in books is genetic, i think.  So I read it and WOW.  It was great and was a fast read because it had so  many twists and turns in it. I thought I had predicted the ending,but  nothing I had come up with was even close to the real ending.  It was so  good that my next book by him was Hammer of Eden.  another great one.
6303477259|5.0|This the the best live Floyd you'll ever see laid down on video!  The sound is incredible!  Please release this in DVD format!  Thanks!
0312243022|5.0|I picked up this book on an impulse.  The back mentioned Virginia Woolf and it was a Pulitzer Prize winner, so I gave it a shot.  It is a book you don't want to put down, but it's better that you do because each time you  put it down you will ponder the stories and the women and try to connect  their lives.  I've read so many stories of &quot;suffering&quot; women, but  these 3 women seemed so real, like they could be your friend and have  challenges real people are facing.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This a great cd. I love it The songs break stuff, nookie are awesome. you have to buy this cd. and you should buy kid rock's cds. it is really great you'll see. it is really a cd for teenagers and I am olny eight years old.  in break stuff half of the sonf says f**k in it. you have to buy it.
0440217563|5.0|I was relieved on reading other reviews and  realizing I was not the only one who had a good weep. In Outlander we got to know the young gent Jamie. But in Voyager we got to know his soul. I loved it and cried in it. I was so please with the ending and can't wait to read the next installment.  Drums of Autumn.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This a great cd. I love it The songs break stuff, nookie are awesome. you have to buy this cd. and you should buy kid rock's cds. it is really great you'll see. it is really a cd for teenagers and I am olny eight years old.  in break stuff half of the sonf says f**k in it. you have to buy it.
B00000IGGA|4.0|Tom Waits really went over the edge with 1993's fantastic 'Bone Machine,' a twisting, harrowing nightmare of death-themed tribal jazz and tone poetry. It's a classic, to be sure. Waits could have capitalized on a  similar formula of extremity for 'Mule Variations,' and the result would  likely have been lots of fun and a good seller. It would also have been  disappointing.<br />He's too good for that, of course. 'Mule Variations'  sounds like the lessons learned by a man who's been to hell and back. Make  no mistake, he still smells of death; witness the creepy strains of  'eyeball kid,' 'what's he building in there' and 'black market baby,' among  others. A more pervasive mood in 'Mule Variations,' however, is  charachterized by the weary but warm tone of 'pony,' 'take it with me' and  'hold on.'<br />What will prevent 'Mule Variations' from ever achieving  classic-status is the looming shadow of 'Bone Machine'. The comparisons are  inevitable, particularly thanks to tracks like 'chocolate jesus' and  'what's he building' - both are more than reminiscent of their apparent  counterparts, 'jesus gonna be here' and 'the ocean doesn't want me'. A  retread? Perhaps, but a forgivable one. These are strong tracks, and this  listener feels that the albums' parallels strengthen the yin-yang effect  they produce as a pair.<br />Ultimately, 'Mule Variations' glows with a  strange mixture of hope and aprhension. Waits is once again unafraid to be  unabashedly romantic, but there are scars everywhere. Though rich with  imagery and emotion, the landscape here is oddly bleak.<br />It's impossible  not to envision the sun rising up over 'Bone Machine's jumbled tombstones,  offering a peacful but strangely sad air of quiet.
0694003611|5.0|My 18 month old son absolutely ADORES this book.  I'll have to admit, I find the colors garish, and the illustrations I might have doodled myself, but this is by far my kid's favorite book.  The cadence is soft and  musical, and I can't believe that my son can point out the mouse on every  single page.  Point it out?  He practically bashes the book out of my hands  trying to show it to me.  He always wants this book before he goes to sleep  at night, and it's a joy to read to him.  An absolute MUST for any nursery  shelf.  I highly recommend it.
B000002H97|5.0|This CD is just to sweet.  There is no way to describe how awesome this whole CD Is.  James Hetfields Voice Is Explosive, Kirk Hammett's Guitar Playin' is awesome.  Enter Sandman is the most adrenaline Pumpin' song out  there it's worth chuggin' down a cold brew to.  Wherever I may roam is  awesome,  Or take a look into the Sorrow with &quot;The Unforgiven&quot;,  and listen to James express how bad he feels about the death of his former  band mate that died in that fatal stage accident in &quot;Nothing Else  Matters&quot;, that song also features Michael Kamens San Francisco  Ocherastra.  Go out and buy this CD it's worth it.
B00003CXDU|5.0|This film is hilarious!  In addition, the special effects are spectacular. This is great for the whole family, not just kids and Star Trek fans. Star Trek fans will probably get the most enjoyment out of it but I still urge  everybody who hasn't seen this movie to do so soon.
B000002KHF|5.0|I wrote a review for Days Like This noting that it seems like people only take the time to review the albums they love, and therefore it's hard to tell from them what is actually good.  This is good. This is so incredibly  good you won't believe me until you actually buy it. I can't say anything  different from the others who rave about albums, only that I'm really,  really not kidding. This album is healing for your soul. It's jazzy,  thoughtful, insightful, and it's a relief to listen to, plain and simple.  Listen to it while taking a bubble bath, or while sprawled on the couch  with a cold beer pressed up against your temple. More accessible for new  Van fans than Astral Weeks. I don't know how you could not love this album.  Perfect.
0399143904|5.0|This was my first Clancy novel.  I loved it! The book had its slow points but the overall book and the plot was excellent!  Since then I have read almost all of the Jack Ryan and John Clark books that Clancy has written  about.  This is a must read for true Clancy fans.
6302820448|1.0|Let me start by saying I'm a Bill Murray fan. I've been watching him since his great days on Saturday Night Live. With that said, this film has to be the worst I have seen during my stay on this planet! They took a good plot  and slaughtered it. If the rating system allowed zero stars, I would have  exercised it here. My wife and I watched this, dilly of dull, film together  and could hardly keep our eyes open. This wasn't due to fatigue but rather  the monotonous, monotone, stodgy way it DRAGGED on and on. As for the other  reviewers who viewed this film more than once... I say, there's time lost  you will NEVER get back. Get a life!
B00002E23H|1.0|Don't even bother watching this ssslllooowww movie.  It seems like the movie goes on forever but never gets to the good part!  The special effects WERE very good but you only get to see them in action about twice.  Was  there a plot?   A question that I am still pondering today.  The actors in  this movie show no emotion.  If someone dies in the movie, everybody mourns  for about 2 seconds (and sometimes not at all!) and then move on.  My  closing statement.  I was very disappointed.
B0000024JN|5.0|This is an awesome cd.  It's in your face beats with lyrics that last.  The Beastie Boys have a truely unique rap/rock sound, even those who don't like rap will like them.  The cd has be arround a long time, but it still  rocks.  Get this cd.  I'd also suggest Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit.
B00002E23H|1.0|Don't even bother watching this ssslllooowww movie.  It seems like the movie goes on forever but never gets to the good part!  The special effects WERE very good but you only get to see them in action about twice.  Was  there a plot?   A question that I am still pondering today.  The actors in  this movie show no emotion.  If someone dies in the movie, everybody mourns  for about 2 seconds (and sometimes not at all!) and then move on.  My  closing statement.  I was very disappointed.
B000001Y42|1.0|Garbage can worthy album from unclever band fusing heavy metal with white rap and no excuse to be uneducated. Album's first single,   &quot;Counterfeit&quot; is nothing special. But the signature single,  &quot;Faith&quot; is a horrible cover of a George Michael song by the same  name. As expected, the original version by Michael is MUCH better! This  album is a waste of precious parent dollars. Only those with parents who  don't care will let them purchase this disc. Later, Limp Bizkit.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|There the best band out there who can deliver the whole package.Tom Morello is amazing with a guitar and Zack knows what he is talkin about, with the pounding drums of Brad Wilk and the low hitting bass of Tim  Bob.Nothing but the best is i expected
B00000JCB2|1.0|Heavy metal rock rappers return for their second run with our money and fail to make it worth while. Though the single &quot;Nookie&quot; has a chorus everyone can sink their teeth into, the other singles &quot;N 2  Gether Now&quot; and &quot;Re-Arranged&quot; fall flat as does the rest of  this album's loathsome tracks.
B000000WJZ|5.0|so i'm sitting in my chair (now this was well over 3 years ago) and i pop in Siamese Dream for the first time. i listen for ten minutes- BAM! - the pumpkins are my favorite band. every song was finecrafted by the members,  and you can tell that they put a lot of care into this record. In my  opinion, the best songs are cherub rock, disarm, soma, luna, and my  favorite-for-three-years-and-running song: mayonaise. if you own or buy  this record in the future, you MUST AT LEAST give this song a chance.  listen to it a couple of times. i know i have.
6305750750|1.0|Being a lifelong Star Wars fan, I was bitterly disappointed with this film. I had hoped that Lucas would not make the same mistakes with this one that he made with Return of the Jedi, but he made them all, and more. But  it won't matter, ultimately; there are too many fans who seem to enjoy  childish nonsense, and this film made a fortune, and so will the next two.  <br />I had several problems with this movie, namely, the childishness of it,  the stupid &quot;virgin birth&quot; gimmick, and the insipid dialogue.  <br />To be fair, I went into this one with low expectations. I was surprised  to find, however, that I really liked it...the first 10 minutes anyway.  This actually made it worse. My hopes were lifted, then shot down. Those  first ten minutes (before Jar Jar showed up) had intrigue and great Jedi  action. If only the whole movie had been that way. As soon as Jar Jar  appears, the entire production takes on an overwhelming feeling of  stupidity. Lucas obviously went way out of his way to attract the kiddies  in this film. What he apparently fails to realize, or has simply forgotten,  more likely, is that kids will like it no matter what. Lasers, lightsabers  and spaceships will make the kids love it. That's what made me, as a kid,  love Star Wars and The Empire Strikes Back. The kiddie stuff just took a  potentially great movie and dragged it down to the level of a Saturday  morning cartoon, and a bad one at that. <br />The &quot;mitichlorians&quot;  and the subsequent attempt to explain the Force added to the stupidity. And  the &quot;Anakin had no father&quot; bit was just plain insulting. I was  actually humiliated at that point, humiliated to be a Star Wars fan,  humiliated to be watching this garbage, humiliated to have been at the  first showing, especially. <br />The often stupid dialogue was also low-level  kid stuff. &quot;We're in trouble, R2! &quot; No kidding. <br />On the plus  side, I think that that whole rap about racial stereotypes in thisfilm was  the result of a bunch of people who go looking for things to complain  about. <br />Overall, the film made me feel as if my entire childhood had been  a lie. But I've gotten over that..I can still enjoy the first films,  regardless of how much this one stunk.
0385493622|3.0|The book was interesting. I would only recommend it to my Math friends and to the friends i wish to get revenge on. But you really have to have an open heart and mind about before you read it.
630575070X|5.0|Gracias, George por transportarme al 1977 cuando tenia tan solo 10 años.  Jamás olvidaré aquel día y las otras 12 veces que vi la película en el cine.  <br />Phantom Menace es diferente, lo sé.  Sin embargo, tiene la misma  habilidad de dejar al cineasta pidiendo más y deseoso de ver la segunda  película. La inocencia del joven Anakin.  El misticismo de Quai-Gon y  Obi-wan.  La belleza de la princesa Amidala.  La maldad de la federación.   Los efectos especiales son impresionantes.  El combate final de los Jedis y  Darth Maul fue excelente.  La batalla espacial fue fenomenal y la carrera  en Tattoine fabulosa.  <br />¿Que pasará en el segundo episodio?  ¿Cómo y por  qué Anakin se entrega al lado oscuro de la Fuerza?  Estas son preguntas  fascinantes.  Apúrate George y termínala ya de una vez (jajaja).
0792837614|5.0|Legendary filmakers combined their talents to make this milestone musical. Direction, Choreography, Casting, Writing, Its all here.<br />The opening shot tells us that this is a Robert Wise Film. For those who were extremly lucky  to see this on Broadway with its initial company best regards,,,for the  rest of us who want to revisit ..a great musical..something that will never  be made again...enjoy.
0062502182|5.0|I read this book a couple of months ago and it came at the perfect time.  It reinforced my ideals and and heart.  I've read some of the negative reviews and don't comprehend them.  I believe people are thinking too much.  It's a fable that makes you aware of the importance of listening to your  heart.  Especially in this day and age of Technology and information.  It  teaches to focus on the now as opposed to tomorrow.  Make your destiny in  accordance to your heart not your mind.  The &quot;treasure&quot; lies  within.  It also teaches to overcome your fears.  It's something we all  need.
0670880728|5.0|This book is great. Critics have argued that it's Pride and Prejudice. So what? Pride and Prejudice is my favorite book, and I didn't hold a grudge against Bridget Jones because of it. Critics say she's shallow. She is, but  she's also lovable and funny.  <br /> Who cares if she's not a feminist's  dream? She's not real. Fictional. And it's not like anyone will take her  for a role model. Lighten up, please. You don't have to emulate her or  worship her, just laugh and go along with the story.  <br /><br />Some of the  plot was contrived, but once more, it's fiction.  <br /> I will grant she's  overly thin and too worried about dieting (I'm sitting here saying 134  pounds and she thinks she needs to diet?), but that's part of her neurotic  charm. I know people who are like that about losing weight, and my response  basically is to laugh at them for worrying. This book appealed to me, my  mom, and all of my friends, and we're not at all like Bridget, though a few  things we can relate to; I won't be screaming 'Bridget Jones is me!' any  time soon. There are some girls, though, who I know who could possibly  become Bridget Jones, so I'm not going to argue that the character is  completely unrealistic. <br /> For the people who hated British slang, you can  figure it out quickly; it's not that hard.  <br /> Overall, this book is  great. Completely enjoyable, and a light read. Some of the sections had me  laughing out loud. This book is hilarious. Not just anyone could write  snappy dialogue, or write a bestseller. I loved this book, and recommend  it.  <br /> P.S.: For the person who suggested anyone could write this book:  Then why don't you give it a shot? <br /> Also recommended: Pride and  Prejudice by Jane Austen, Memoirs of a Geisha by Arthur Golden (I know, I  know, the latter has nothing to do with this book and isn't like it, but  it's one of my favorites.)
0679720200|3.0|I would have to say that Camus' The Stranger was one of the most boring books that I have ever read, but the point that he was trying to make was a good one.  I thought that despite my dislike of the protagonist, I could  still relate to the point that Camus made with this novel. Part One of The  Stranger was the more interesting of the two because there was more action  and more going on.  Part Two was just the trial and the jail, which got  repetitive after while.  Although Part Two contains the essence of Camus'  message and Part One is mainly to set up the second half, I most definitely  enjoyed Part One more.  To me, Part Two was basically hearing the same  stuff over and over again, but with slightly different words each time.   And this does get Camus' point across, but I got bored with it about half  way through. I have read some of Camus' work before, and enjoyed most of  it.  I must say that I did not like this novel as much as some of his other  works that I have read, but I did enjoy it more than other existentialist  literature that I have read in the past.
B000002H70|5.0|Until 1989's Disintegration, The Cure had always been underground music. This cd is an epic somber masterpiece. Sonically, I can't think of another band that has achieved what Robert Smith did with this recording. It's  long, very long, but on rainy days, this is the one to listen to. I pick  Disintegration of all the Cure's albums because there isn't anyone who  likes the Cure that doesn't already know that this is a great album. I like  all of the Cures' recordings, and I could have easily reviewed Faith,  Pornography or The Head on the Door, but none of those comes close to this  one. If you're not a Cure fan then get this one. The hits &quot;Fascination  Street&quot;, &quot;Love Song&quot; and &quot;Pictures of You&quot; are  here as well as 9 other Cure classics. Now that Robert has decided to  disband the Cure, they will go down in music history like Depeche Mode,  Leonard Cohen and Tom Waits will/have.
B00000G3PA|1.0|Like most people, I like watching dumb action movies once in a while.   I am sorry but, in my opnion, this one was just bad, really bad.  There was a lot of action, but I found almost all of it boring. And the transparent  attempts made by the director to pull the emotional strings were pathetic.  The movie was neither exciting nor moving. I hated this movie with a  passion.
B000002C1X|5.0|Before I knew Pink Floyd I knew who they were. People always talked about getting stoned and listening to Dark Side of the Moon. Ridiculous, because Pink Floyd is like The Cure, you have to pay attention. The Wall is one of  those recordings that far surpasses most. Like Sgt. Pepper's, The Wall will  always have a market. Sure, Dark Side of the Moon is arguably THE best Pink  Floyd, but I choose the Wall because it's message is haunting. This album  is like peering inside Roger Waters's psyche. It IS Roger Waters's psyche!  After The Wall, Pink Floyd sounds spent. The Wall is a great two disc sonic  story masterpiece. Who else besides The Who could pull of such a feat? Even  Nine Inch Nails's new double cd, a meditation on anger, The Fragile, can't  stand up to The Wall. This is a must have for any music fan.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Michael Cretu had done a wonderful job with E4, ( The Screen Behind The Mirror)  This cd is very diverse in style than the first cd.  So be prepared.  There aren't any Gregorian Chant samples on the cd.  That  wouldn't be innovative.  Instead Curly M.C. has used some interesting vocal  samples, sounds and artists to create this masterpiece.  Sandra Cretu  returns on the track, (Between Mind and Heart).  Another voice has been  added to the Enigma 4 project.  Also There are 2 singers on the cd.   Ruth-Anne of, (Olive) and Andru Donalds provide most of the vocals on the  cd.  <br />One thing that I have noticed with Michael Cretu and his music is  that he rarely repeats what  he has already done before, with an exception  for (Smell of Desire)  I think the second track, (Push the limits), sums it  all quite well.
B000002LK1|5.0|Depeche Mode have a number of great albums but I'm choosing Violator as their best overall. It's the one that non-fans should start with and enjoy. However, if you only want their hits and some non-hits digitally remastered  then their singles compilations are where you ought to start. Violator,  however, showed just how unique and dynamic DM had become. In 1990,  Personal Jesus and Enjoy the Silence were a welcome change of pace compared  to the radio garbage we were getting. This album has 9 solid tracks and  isn't excessive like 1987's Music for the Masses. This album also showed DM  maturing and creating more sophisticated electronic music. There are great  non-hits like &quot;Halo&quot;, &quot;World in My Eyes&quot;, &quot;Policy  of Truth&quot; and &quot;Clean&quot;. This cd is a must have for any  serious music fan.
B00003XB8K|5.0|I was so excited when I first found out that the latest Enigma cd had been released, that I rushed out and picked up a copy.  I would like to point out that I think that there are some people out there that would like to  see more tracks similar to the material on the fist Enigma cd!<br />Now that I  got that out of the way, The New Cd, (The Screen Behind The Mirror) is a  wonderful cd, although it is short.  In my opinion, this cd is really  great.  There are some amazing tracks that are really dance - able, such as  Gravity of Love and Push the Limits).  Smell of Desire which is a very  beautiful track, reminds me of, (Principles of Lust).  There are some new  voices and artists on this album.  Ruth Anne of (Olive) lends her voice to  Gravity of Love and Silence must be Heard.  Another singer on the album is  Andru Donalds.  The samples and other noises on the cd are really amazing.   <br />If you are an Enigma Fan, pick this one up!
B000002O1P|5.0|I am a Petty fan, but I have chosen Southern Accents to highlight over all his other albums because it is his riskiest. 9 tracks that differ from most of Petty's other work. I remember seeing the video for Don't Come Around  Here No More back in 1985 and instantly liking both the video and the song.  Later, when I bought the cd, it surprised me because I was used to Refugee  or You Got Lucky which didn't sound like this. Sure, Southern Accents  sounds dated 15 years later, but it's nice and there are no bad songs on  here. I know fans would recommend Damn the Torpedoes or Full Moon Fever or  even Wildflowers, but Southern Accents is Petty's only foray into different  styles of music other than folk rock. This album is certainly more  interesting than Petty's latest, 1999's Echo.
B000002BYD|5.0|ok this cd is awesome ..u people quit dissing it...&quot;brain of j&quot; and &quot;do the evolution&quot; are 2 of the loudest ,grinding rockers that pj has ever done.&quot; wishlist&quot; is one of the prettiest.as is  &quot;all those yesterdays&quot; and &quot;given to fly&quot; pearl jam has  improved upon no code which really was a good cd.....AND  TO ALL THOSE  PEOPLE WHO DISS&quot;VITALOGY&quot;..THAT CD IS CLOSE A MASTERPIECE AS TEN  I DONT CARE WHAT ANYONE SAYS...&quot;NOT FOR YOU&quot; AND  &quot;CORDUROY&quot; AND &quot;BETTER MAN&quot; ARE 3 OF PJ'S BEST SONGDS  EVER SO THERE!
B000002JSP|5.0|Let's put Led Zeppelin in perspective: They had 8 full length studio albums before disintegrating. They ARE one of the best bands of all time, like the Beatles before them, Led Zeppelin will always spark interest in  music fans. YES, Led Zeppelin 4, Houses of the Holy, Physical Graffitti and  Presence probably caught Zeppelin in their prime. All eight albums have  their pluses and minuses, and yet, In Through The Out Door is always  criticized the most. Like U2, R.E.M. and Aerosmith, Led Zeppelin had to  change. Robert Plant just lost a child, disco was bigger than rock, and  punk's angry cries were more deafening than any Zeppelin record. The  complaint of synthesizers is understandable since Zeppelin is mostly known  for Page's guitar wizardry, but In Through The Out Door is Zeppelin's  Achtung, Baby, or Out of Time or Permanent Vacation--it's a rebirth of  sorts. I certainly think that non-fans should check this out if they don't  like Led Zeppelin for it has the hits &quot;Fool in the Rain&quot; and  &quot;All My Love.&quot; If the Beatles only relied on John and Paul then  we'd have no Here Comes The Sun or Yellow Submarine. John Paul Jones's  influence gave Zeppelin more credit. It wasn't just Page, Plant and Bonham.  I know I'll get heat for defending In Through The Out Door, but it is a  great record, just not like Zeppelin's others.
0060920084|5.0|Take time out to travel with Bryson through the backroads and cities of the USA and discover laid back rural America and the pulse of its metropolitan cities : But be warned : buckle up for the time of your life.   The book is highly informative but does, with one sentence, never mind  numerous pages, conjure up sharp images of achy-tummy-kind-of-funny.    Oprah get a life and give your Book Club a breather - you need go no  further than this one to find your spirit in the  sheer abandonment of  spontaneous laughter.   This is not just a funny book - it rockets you into  countless, glorious laugh out loud responses.  Made me a Bryson addict for  life  -  Come to dinner Bill !
1573225517|1.0|Even though I have written dozens of reviews, I have never disparaged a book before. Never. Until now. I read this pathetic piece of rubbish about a year ago and every time I pass it on the shelves I want to punch it. Fat  lot of good that'd do. Maybe I'll just burn the copy I have. Not because  it's so bad, but because Hornby is clearly a smart guy, can string words  together, and yet concocted this god-awful tripe. Frustrating waste of  talent.
B00003652R|5.0|Without a doubt, this album is a masterpiece from my favourite band of all time.  If you are into this genre, you will have to listen to it only once before realizing why.  This continuous LP has been meticulously elaborated,  as you can tell by the strong emotional transitions from one song to  another, accompanied by the rich, poetic lyrics of Fish.  This seems to be  an album that women _particularly_ love.
0786880708|5.0|i don't have any particular credentials to convince you this book is pure gold, and a part of me says why bother trying anyway, but here goes. if you're the kind of person who believes in serendipity, who believes that  when the student is ready the teacher appears, then &quot;as eggs are  eggs&quot; (my father's favorite saying) you will stumble across this book  in your own sweet time. i should know; i've stumbled across it twice. the  first time some years ago i was intrigued but not ready. the second time  some months ago i fell on my knees. as far as the sheer joy of meditation  is concerned, i direct your attention to lorin roche's accessible  &quot;meditation made easy&quot;. but for the full effect, i recommend you  follow up with &quot;wherever you go...&quot; wherever you go. apart from  being a beautiful treatise on life, it'll deepen your understanding of the  process and pick up &quot;meditation made easy's&quot; slack -- a  remarkable work in every sense, don't get me wrong. with this book,  kabat-zinn has fashioned something of a small miracle. and i, for one,  intend giving away as many copies as i can in the vain hope you will  stumble across one of them! until then, good luck navigating your way  through this amazing, infuriating, beautiful, ugly, ordered, chaotic life.
B0000062GE|5.0|I am very new to Stabbing Westward's music. And I dont know how these guys arent more popular. People should be praising them as BEST ROCK BAND EVER. Stabbing Westward's strong lyrics and feeling just makes you want to listen  to the album all the way through over and over and over again. This CD has  16 tracks,thats over an hour worth of musical heaven.Dont be fooled though  . . . there are songs 10 times better than those samples you can listen to  ( &quot;Save Yourself&quot; ). THIS IS A MUST HAVE!
0792156684|5.0|Not too many movies that have recently come out deserve 5 stars.<br />Like many people, I have seen the theatrical trailers and read about the disaster and had my opinions of how good (or bad) this movie would be  before I actually saw it.<br />Leonardo gives a very spirited performance as  Jack. He was in my opinion, the &quot;soul&quot; of the movie. He made it  fun, exciting, and uplifting.<br />Kate Winslet was also very good. I thought  her best performances were in the beginning of the movie when she was  fighting against herself, but she was very good in the rest as well.<br />What  really surprised me about this movie was the performance of the supporting  cast. They were very polished. Rose's Mom, the portly looking woman, Rose's  fiancee and sidekick (Killjoy?), all played their roles awesome. They  didn't just play roles to fill up dialog and time, when they spoke, or did  something, it was for a purpose.<br />The only qualms I have with this movie  is that there was too much infatuation with technology. There was too much  reliance on computer generated images which lead to some artifial looking  scenes. In my opinion, there's no excuse for even one scene to look  artificial. Great movies were made before computers, it's not that hard to  make a great scene without computers.<br />Scenes that I found  incredulous:<br />In the beginning of the movie after Titanic had just taken  off Jack and friends are roaming around the top deck exploring the ship.  There are a few people walking along the top deck with them. Now, I've been  on one cruise ship in my life. There were several hundred people on board.  The Titanic in it's day was the most hyped, and the biggest ship in  existence, and if I may add: was on it's maiden voyage. Some of the most  richest and most powerful people in society were on her. Don't you think  the top deck would be crowded with people? After all, there were 2,200+  people on board. You could practically count the number of people on deck  on your hands. I thought this was a major oversight. There should have been  an image of deck that was almost totally filled with people to give the  true impression of the vast number of people who were sailing. I'd be  willing to wager that in real life, it probably was filled up with people.  <br />Please bear in mind that I'm being nitpicky. The scene(s) that I am  complaining about is only depicted 2 or 3 times, but it was enough to stand  out in my mind.<br />Lastly, I thought, as a DVD, this movie was a  disappointment. Most DVD's nowadays (especially recent ones) contain a ton  of additional material such as actor bios, production notes, &quot;The  Making Of...&quot; and even little trivia games. The only additional  material they added was the Theatrical Trailer which I never watch. But the  movie itself is definitely worth watching.
B00004LN16|5.0|AC/DC's back and still rockin'! This is a band that doesen't know the meaning of the words &quot;selling out!&quot; 25 years and their still putting these bands today in there place! AC/DC lives!
B000001085|4.0|Glenn Hughes made his nostalgia with his Purple days on this Japan concert. He sang good, was a partnership of David Coverdale in Deep Purple at that time.....the whole songs are excellent,...as aBig deep Purple Fan  iam not prejudice, I love the whole DP line up...Glenn see ya on the next  tour,..cheers your fans
B00003CWPR|5.0|People will either love Eyes Wide Shut or they will hate it, there is nothing that I can say about the movie that has not been said too often already.  As you can tell by my 5-star rating of the movie, I fall into the  former category.  What is disappointing is that Warner Brothers still won't  release the film as it was intended to be seen.  It's not that I really  want to see more sex in this movie, its that I don't want my intellegence  to be insulted by those stupid digitally inserted figures.  I think we all  know what is going on behind the people in the black robes.  It isn't that  big of a deal, it just kinda irritates me.  The claim that Stanley Kubrick  didn't film in widescreen also sound suspicious, but I will give Warner  Bros. the benefit of the doubt on that one.  The interviews on the DVD  should be good.
B000003BF4|5.0|Whoever wrote the amazon review is absolutely insane.  This is the Stones showing their rock chops in grand fashion.  Stripped down and simple, yet powerful and captivating, Ya-Ya's will have you cranking the stereo on  full.  &quot;Sympathy for the Devil&quot; shows the Stones ability to full  on rock without having to duplicate studio sound.  &quot;Midnight  Rambler&quot;, where do I begin?  Rambler alone will make you a Stones fan.   If you want to hear live rock how it is supposed to sound BUY THIS  CD!
044022425X|4.0|&quot;Drums of Autum&quot; is the first &quot;time travel-romance&quot; I have ever read. I do not usually read romance novels. However, I got lucky and stumbled onto a recorded version at the local library. Boy, if you want  to really get the feel of Scotland listen to this book. The narrator is  excellent and she brings all of the characters to life. Aye, I'm thinkin'  it might just rub off a bit. Anyway, this is a great book and I plan to  start at the beginning and read the entire series.  What a find!
0671042858|4.0|The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon is the first Stephen King book I have ever read, and I must say that it motivates me to read more works by him. I could not put down this book. I read it for a book report, but realized  that I also enjoyed reading it. I enjoyed the spiritual themes, which from  what I hear, is unusual for King.  Tom Gordon represents Trisha's guardian  angel, her only hope for &quot;saving&quot; herself.  Whenever he saves a  game for the Red SOx, he points to the sky to say thank you to God again  reflecting the spiritual theme. Even if you have never read a Stephen King  novel, I highly suggest you start with this one. It's not really that  scary, but it offers enough horror and suspense to keep you interested.
B00003XB8K|5.0|This lastest release from Enigma is by far the best.  The music creates an almost touchable ambience, challenging not only your sense of sound, but all other senses, including one's imagination.  It has vivid, intricate  details that only Michael Cretu could create and bring to life. Expansive,  intense, and vastly more dimensional than the earlier releases, this  musical collection challenges you, not only musically, but intellectually  and spiritually as well.  My favourite tracks are &quot;Push the  Limits&quot;, &quot;Gravity of Love&quot;, &quot;Smell of Desire&quot;, and  &quot;Modern Crusaders.&quot;
B00004LN16|4.0|Get ready to ROCK, get ready to ROLL, the 'DC are BACK!  &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; is a dose of the salts and no mistake. Sassy and mean, filthy, unclean. Malcolm and Angus dish out those big ol' crazy RIFFS  whilst B Johnson screeches like a madman over the top. &quot;Back In  Black&quot; meets &quot;Ballbreaker&quot; meets &quot;Powerage&quot;. The  best 'DC album since &quot;For Those About To Rock&quot;. Buy it and blast  it!
B00003CWN3|5.0|Although everyone talks about what a great performance Hilary Swank gives, it is Chloe Sevingy who really shines.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This CD is wonderful.  I first heard of it from The X-Files and the use of &quot;My Weakness&quot; seriously made me cry.  It was absolutely BEAUTIFUL.
B00003CWPR|1.0|I've enjoyed all of his other films.  But this one is a sure cure for insomnia.  In fairness, I only watched the first SLOW 45 minutes.  I just couldn't bear the monotony.  I tried 4 times, and gave up.  I'd rent this  one before buying it, that's for sure.
B000002AHM|2.0|Heed the editorial reviewer's warning about lack of heart.  The playing on this disc is a stunning technical achievement to be sure, and any guitarist listening will end up with a bruised jaw from hitting the floor so many  times.  But it is also a disc that only a guitarist can appreciate; most  non-guitarists will find it to be a virtuostic blend of white-noise, and  ultimately too much of a good thing.  From the first five minutes, the  players present everything they can do, and the mystery is lost for the  rest of the listening time.  There is no sense of pacing, and no climax  (unless you consider the entire recording a perrenial climax).  Bottom  line:  a must-listen for guitarists, if only so they can know what the  human hand is capable of doing on the instrument.  Even then, I said  &quot;must-listen&quot; - check it out before shelling out any money,  because you may find that it grows tired quickly (as I did).  Everyone else  should avoid it.  Incidentally, all three players are essential listening  individually, and should be checked out on other must-own recordings,  guitarists and non-guitarists alike.  This just happens to be the least  essential in any of their repetoires.
6302720419|2.0|Married couple get lost on the road and end up in a town where the population is all kids who killed their parents and worship some god who protects their crops. While the mass murder scene in the diner at the  beginning and the sacrifice at the end were both really cool, this movie is  REALLY boring! Pizza.
068816689X|5.0|Choices of courage are the choices the woman in this book made.  This woman did exactly whatever she had to do to remain alive.It was obvious FROM her choices that she was going to be one of the many people who  survived as a witness to the atrocities of how, not just one person but  entire groups of people can become, be it out of fear or loyalty to some  crazed individual telling them what to do.<br />The woman in this book is a  true witness to the Holocaust and whatever her choices were are the very  choices that kept her and her daughter alive. Not another soul on this  earth should even dare to think they have the right to judge any choice  this woman made in surviving the Holocaust.<br />Perhaps not everyone has the  ability to understand the difference between real life and a fantasy or the  actuality of how it was during 'hitlers' reign of terror on any personal  level.  That is understandable because anyone who was not there physically  would NEVER be able to fathom the horrors of that time.  Anyone who has a  conscience, any compassion or love for mankind within their own soul, would  not be able to understand the magnitude of the hatred and the brutality of  those days.  BUT this book describes it well enough for the mature reader  to grasp.<br />This read was filled with choices of courage.
0783216084|3.0|Big bad killer shark starts chomping on anybody dumb enough to swim by and the people who run the beach are afraid to call summer fun off. Very stylish and fun until the 3 guys get on the boat and try to hunt down the  shark and kill him or her. Those parts are VERY boring! Pepsi and Pizza
B00000JG41|5.0|Have you ever noticed that there always seems to be a toss up between smart and exciting music?  Usually the smart music tends to be a bit boring and the exciting music tends to be very very dumb.  Thanks god an album  like this came along which is just as smart as it is exciting.  This album  is 45 minutes of accoustical brilliance.  It's a god damn miracle.
0792835077|4.0|Two friends go to amusement park where the robots who work as kind of slaves go against their programing and start killing people. Excellent flick has some great mass murder scenes and the technological stuff is  interesting. Well developed and plotted. Popcorn, pepsi and pizza.
B000002J1I|1.0|I love YES..the best band of all time.....but when I heard this album back when it was released, I was really mad .. ..I  could not stand any part of it...YUCK!..This was YES, my favorite band? ....and immediately broke it  into several pieces and threw it away - no lie... I could not bear to let  anyone I knew hear this album within 10 miles of my house!..steer clear of  this one and buy all the rest.....masterpieces!
6304508611|4.0|High school girl who's sick and tired of everybody picking on her, gets revenge as someone ruins her prom. Though the build up on this movie is poor, Sissy and Piper make a great pair of psychopaths. The mass murder  scene at the end is cool too. Popcorn, Pepsi and Pizza.
B0000019PA|5.0|Oh! How I love &quot;In The Aeroplane Over The Sea&quot;! This album is so incredible that not listening to it just might be hazardous to your health. There's really only one thing that needs to be said here: Jeff Magnum's  vocal performance is so un-freaking-believable that it simply beggars  anything else ever attempted in rock music. Every note absolutely drips  with soul and an utter, mind numbingly-firm belief on the singer's behalf  in what is being said. Magnum simply shreds through each and every song  with the urgency of someone trying to answer every question ever asked in  one last painful dying breath. The effect is both terrifying and  tear-jerkingly beutiful. The lyrics are deeply emotional but never  pretentious and while the instrumentation clearly takes a cue from the  Elephant Six &quot;sound&quot; (IE: Olivia Tremor ontrol), it's more  restrained with the focus remaining for the most part on just Magnum's  voice and acoustic guitar, making the album grandly accessible. The one  main exception to the minimalist sound of most of the record is the jarring  thrash and burn punk meets John Philip Sousa of &quot;Holland 1945&quot;,  which is somehow pulled off magnificently. It's albums like this and  artists like Neutral Milk Hotel that make fools of those who say rock has  nowhere left to go.<br />&quot;God is the place you will wait for the rest of  your life&quot; Magnum sings on the final track &quot;Two Headed Boy Part  II&quot;. What the hell does that mean? Who knows; you just KNOW. So buy  this CD right now!
6303148352|4.0|Scientists spending the weekend on a tour of an amusement park are out of luck when somebody shuts down the power and lets a bunch of hungry dinos loose, who start eating them. A little boring at the beginning but this  takes off once the dinos go free and stays fun until the end. Popcorn,  pepsi and pizza.
0440219078|5.0|I think everyone should read this book. It had really good idea's about the perfect world. Jonas a boy who is about to turn 12 and going to find out about what his assigned job is going to be. he receives the most  important job of all...the receiver of memory. He has to feel pain never   felt before and see color in the world of black and white. I think this  book was well written.
6305095574|3.0|Five friends rent a cabin in the woods and release an evil spirit into the area that turns them all into zombies. Very impressive visuals and a good time to be had, but this is not as scary or gory as reputation has it. I'd  recommend popcorn, pepsi and pizza but you'd probably throw them up.
B00002MZ2C|3.0|This is the first Rage cd i have gotten and it is pretty good. Some of the songs are terrible and have no melody, but songs like testify, guerrilla radio, and sleep now in the fire( which the best song ever made) blow me  away.  If you are a rage fan and have gotten their other two cd's this  would be a good onw to get.
0783235607|3.0|Evil office girl steals a bunch of money and tries to flea the scene only to end up getting killed by a guy with a family problem: he dresses up like his mom and kills people. Very fun but a little boring at times. Gotta love  that theme song. Popcorn, Pepsi and Pizza
B000021XR5|5.0|By far Scot and the gang will never be able to top Purple, but this one is the closest. It is such a shame though that STP didn't get much playing time because this is one of their best. Down is ok yet there are better  tracks than it. Songs like Glide,  I Got You, Sour Girl, and Pruno. Are  worthy of praise and are defintley some of the groups best work. The songs  seem similar to the tracks on Purple. This cd is not even close to the big  upset Tiny Music; the cd is more of an old school album. If STP ever  realses a new album I would buy it.
0783229887|3.0|Chucky's old girlfriend retreives his body and revives him. They quarrel, she gets mad, he turns her into a doll, and the two go on a cross-country killing spree with two forbidden lovers to dig up Chucky's corpse. Funny  and entertaining up to a point but only at the very end does this get  stupid. Pizza and Pepsi.
6304466498|5.0|Mel Brooks' film Spaceballs is by far the funniest film I have ever seen. The first time I saw it I laughed intil my head ached, and unlike comedies in general, it is still funny after the 17th time I've watched it! Like  other viewers, I can't wait for the DVD to come out so I can get rid of my  old VHS version.    From a character standpoint I think Rick Moranis makes  the film. His role as Dark Helmet, an unparalleled parody of Darth Vader,  tops off the hilarious insanity of the film like no other actor could. I  think if you like the humor of such movies as Spielberg's 1941 you would  love this. The jokes and parody of the Star Wars trilogy, along with the  wildly crazy scene from Alien, really stand out. But what I think sets the  tone for it more than anything is the atmosphere of the movie: total  insanity to the point of raucous sillyness.     To give you an example:  There is a scene where Dark Helmet concludes one of his diabolical schemes  in Vader fashion and pulls the front of his headpiece (a ridiculously  over-sized version of Vader's with a flip up vizor in the front)down and  the camera moves in for a sinister close up. But instead, Moranis runs into  it and falls down!
6304509154|1.0|Family who live in a house located over a graveyard are terrorized by a haunting force who makes life for them a living hell and kidnaps their daughter. Though the clown attack near the end is REALLY scary, this movie  is mess of living dead, aliens, ghosts, storms, you name it. A mess  entirely. BOO!
B00003W8NM|5.0|This was the best movie of the year, with American Beauty right behind it.  Why can't people overcome the violent content?  I will tell you why, they go to movies to see a mouse in a car and they call that entertainment, they  go to see movies where things blow up and people say catch phrases that we  have heard so many times we want to puke. People watch movies that have an  endless amount of merchandise, people don't go to movies for the reason  they are intended.  Movies are intended to take us to a place we cannot go  on our own, movies are also intended to give people the view of the  director, there should be a point to every movie. Most movies these days  lack this, Fight Club is not one of them.  Fight Club tells you to do what  you want, do what makes you feel good.  There is a fight in everyone's  life, the fight with themselves.  To overcome this battle you shouldn't  start a fight club.  The term fight club could have been anything, if the  movie was called Quilting Club I don't think it would have a huge impact.   The point I am trying to make is whatever  you want to do to make yourself  happy do it, I loved this movie because it helped me to understand that.  I  give this movie the highest rating I can, and I urge you to see this movie,  mopre than once to get the overall feel and emotion it was intended to put  out.
6304675348|5.0|Horror movie freaks go a killing spree in a small town. What simpler a plot? Great everything including: great harassing phone calls, great revolving of weapons, and a great payback scene. This movie started a '90's  slasher revolution. Popcorn, Pepsi and Pizza.
B000001ZSF|5.0|Modernization is a treat a musical genius like Jarre can most certainly afford, and it shows pretty nicely in Chronologie. This album features some really rhythmatic and technoish grooves along with cutt-offs that  demonstrate some Trance influence there. It's as magnificent as any of the  Jarre albums... But see yourselves warned, it's s little technoish.
B00003003R|5.0|There just isn't bands like this anymore, and I fear there never will be again.  This is the true spirit of the American art known as Rock n Roll.  There is nothing better.
B00003CWPR|5.0|I saw this film last year in France, I find Tom Cruise very impressive in this film. This type of relation sum up very well the evolution of the society
B000000OSE|5.0|This is Guns N' Roses just doing what they do.  Musical talent this diverse and extensive is extremely rare; this is a MUST-buy.
B00000AFHM|5.0|The Boy with.... was the first Belle and Sebastian album I ever heard, and I was totaly stunned!   I almost wanted to cry because it was so beautiful B&amp;S is the best thing that happend to pop in a long time....Allthough  its very &quot;soft, Its extremely dynamic and explosive..no I give up, I  cant describe it with words...But please listen the album, or any of their  other albums. I promise, Its something you cant afford to miss...
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fionna has finally made an album that is for everyone. When the Pawn takes her music to another level. Songs like &quot;On the Bound&quot; and &quot;Limp&quot; actually make the listener feel like you are right there  in the front row. Fionna sings with intensity and vigor. This cd is one  that you can listen to while in the car, at work or even in the gym.
0553345834|2.0|I eagerly made my way through this book, in search of insights that might live up to the intriguing title of this book.  What I found disappointed me: rather blas anecdotes that seemed to be saying, &quot;Look at me...  see what I've done?  Aren't I something?&quot;  Mark McCormack has  obviously achieved great success, but his musings left me unfulfilled just  the same.  The basic premise of this book (listen to and take care of  people, and beware arrogance) is sound, but for hard-hitting, meaty  commentary, I'd look elsewhere.
B000000W6R|4.0|Forget all the jazz about this being just a collection of B-Sides and rejects. PI is GREAT! It has the wrenching acoustic &quot;Soothe&quot; and &quot;Landlside&quot;, the almost sappy/happy &quot;Whir&quot;, the teeth  wrenched grunge festivals of &quot;Pissant&quot; and &quot;Girl Named  Sandoz&quot;, and the almost pyschedelic &quot;Spaced&quot;, to spotlight a  few. Oh, and don't forget &quot;Starla&quot;, ONE OF THE BEST of all  Pumpkin's songs. This CD finds it's way into my player a whole lot more  than the much hyped &quot;Siamese Dream&quot;, so just listen to it already  and make up your own mind! [ ; )
B00000IL1K|4.0|This album brings together 3 really memorable pieces of music(&quot;In Paradisum&quot;, Anytime, Anywhere&quot;, and &quot;Scene d'Amour&quot;) and a hauntingly lovely voice.  A pure voice.  No frills.  A few tracks  still have her doing her &quot;opera voice&quot;, but by and large, if you  are the type to enjoy fresh air and relaxation, then this CD is for you!
B000000W3G|5.0|This was my FIRST exposure to the Pumpkins, and it still houses some of their best work. EVERY track on the &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot; EP is perfect. &quot;Bullet With Butterfly Wings&quot; is like stepping back into  the full-blown 80's punk era. &quot;Zero&quot; is ... well ... see if you  can make it through &quot;Pastichio Medley&quot; and think of reality the  same way again! And then there is &quot;The Aeroplane Flies High&quot;, one  of the band's best songs! This bloated fat collection is so very worth  dishing out the dough for! TRUST US!
B0000062GK|5.0|I have been playing guitar for over 15 years and have taught guitar for over 5 and I must say that this is the most impressive display of guitar work that I have ever heard.  There is no &quot;absence&quot; of vocals  because of the strength of the songs themselves.  Satch weaves musical  tales through out the album, taking you on a symphonic ride from the  opening track to the end on a rollercoaster of guitar chops and virtuosity.   I strongly recommend this album to anyone.
B000000WA4|5.0|I know that's a tough sell, but here is why: (1)- The shear variety of tracks, from love songs that are full of optimism to songs that make you want to grab a gun and blow your brains out. It is the full gammit of  emotions that wrack my generation. that really wrack anyone whose eyes and  hearts are open. (2)- The power of the band. The drums, guitars, even whiny  vocals are excellent and there is not a song to be done over. Even the  over-the-top &quot;Scorched Earth&quot; is perfect in it's own disturbing  way. (3)- It's ambition. Who makes albums like this? Not since &quot;The  Wall&quot; or &quot;The White Album&quot; or &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; or  &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; has anyone really taken such a chance with a  pop/rock album. If rock survives, it will be because of Billy Corgan &amp;  The Smashing Pumpkins. So buy it!
B000002H72|5.0|This is argueably the best album by the greatest band to ever come out of the 80's.  Period.
B000006NPY|5.0|Yeah I totally agree that this album suffers by having a drum machine and not Jimmy Chamberlain. However, read the Amazon.com review above; it's dead on! There is a gentle beauty (whether it's love or doubt or hope or  despair) that rises to the fore and just carries you away! It really  punches me in the heart everytime I hear it. I also strongly recommend the  &quot;Ava Adore&quot; single, which has 2 stupendous love songs that  couldn't be squeezed in, and &quot;Pisces Iscariot&quot;, which is so  grunge it is a total blast.
B00000J7J4|5.0|As a musical virtuoso, Carlos Santana has always inspired and entertained audiophiles, musicians and those willing to give his music a listen. His initial musical offerings were thrilling as he created a sound unique to  the music world in the 1960's. As Carlos evolved musically and spiritually,  his music took his listening audience on journeys to the expanding reaches  of Carlos' musical perspectives; yet, the common thread of Carlos Santana's  beautiful guitar work always announced his presence in whatever singular or  joint efforts Carlos produced...like a unique musical signature.      In  this latest of Carlos' musical offerings, Carlos displays an incredible new  synchronicity with his fellow musicians, showing his musical mastery can be  adapted to many varied musical styles and artists. The evolution of Carlos  Santana's musical gifts to us continues into new areas with his newly  inspired attitude to share his God-given talents with a whole new genre of  young and inspired artists such as Rob Thomas, The Product G&amp;B, Lauryn  Hill, Eagle Eye Cherry, Mana, and Everlast. Carlos also joins forces with  such musical icons as Eric Clapton and Dave Matthews for a musical foray or  two. The musical relationships mutually compliment each other and only add  to the listener's musical enjoyment. Also, in &quot;Supernatural&quot;,  Carlos' still provides his unique style and brand of guitarsmanship on many  tracks where he alone has the center stage. The musical accompianment is  top notch throughout, the songs are captivating, the new musical alliances  refreshing, and one is left feeling musically satiated after enjoying  Carlos' latest musical presentation. Congratulations, Carlos on taking all  of us appreciative listeners to new areas of your ever expanding tastes.  You are considered one of the greatest musicians in the world today, if not  for all of time; and, I can't wait for the next release of musical joyride  that Carlos Santana will embark on, of course taking us all with him.
0805062971|5.0|Fight Club is quite possibly one of the best books I have ever read.  It is a sharp, witty satire and a lot of it makes sense.  Our society is heading in a more violent condition.  Since I heard of the movie first, but  haven't seen it, I felt before I should read the book before the movie goes  up for purchase.  I made a good decision.  What goes inside of their  &quot;head&quot; is really clear and you most definitly connect with the  character (sorry if I gave away anything).  The author of this novel MUST  have a chemical imbalance in his head becuase this book is very strange.   NOT FOR THE WEAK AT HEART.  My favorite line has to be when Marla says to  Tyler &quot;I want you to get me pregnant.  I want to have your  abortion&quot;.
6305078564|5.0|I purchased this DVD after having seen the VHS (6 tape) version, my 12 year old daughter was watching daily for the DVD to arrive. The production is wonderful, its all well done, from the characters, (Elizabeth's mother  is perhaps over done), to the dances and instruments. The scenery is  beautiful. The video of the DVD is not as clear as the VHS version, and  there are thumping noises at times.
B000002H70|5.0|. . . not knowing the Cure and wondering what all the comparisons to this album were all about, click on that button up there.  There's only about 100 reviews here, but it should be said one more time, just in case; this  is one of the greatest albums of all time.
0790733226|5.0|The movie is already incredible to watch.  Listening to Jodie and others tell you the details of each shot and how things were done to accomplish this movie make it fun and interesting.  The weather, Jodie's bumps and bee  stings, Carl Sagan's advice and the clarity on scientific detail are all  discussed.  It sheds new light on the movie and respect for the work done.
6302820448|5.0|This movie is my favorite Bill Murray movie.  It has everything: laughs, touching moments, sadness, and a great plot!  Bill Murray as Phil Conners, a TV weatherman out to cover the Groundhog Day festival keeps reliving the  same day over, and over and over again.  And it's always Groundhog Day.   Andie MacDowell is beautiful as Rita, Phil's producer, who Phil falls in  love with after trying to get his act together day after day after day.   Chris Elliot is also funny as TV cameraman Larry.  A romantic comedy of the  first order!  Great to watch on a rainy day.  Best comedy scene: Watch the  Groundhog drive the pickup truck with Phil!  Funny!
6303402348|5.0|Really one of best movies I have seen. I can watch it again and again. Full of fun, humanity and smart. Enjoy it.
0448060191|5.0|little women was one of the best books ive read. the girls meg, jo, beth, and amy all have their own personallity which add to the humor and the saddness of the book. laurie( thier next door neighbor and jo's best  friend) is a wonderful, giving guy who is trying to win the heart of one of  the sisters but you will have to read the book to find out which one.  overall i give it five stars.
0671578642|5.0|If you like the Honor Harrington books, you will like this one. However, note that it was originally published in the early 1990's; the 2000 publication date is just for this re-issue. So if it looks familiar, it probably is.  (Original review published February 2000)
B0000025FG|4.0|BEING A LONG TIME ELO FAN THIS RELEASE CAME AS KIND OF A SHOCK! ELO DABS IN DISCO. JEFF LYNNE SAID AT THE TIME HE ENJOYED SOME OF THE DISCO SOUNDS THAT WERE COMING OUT AT THE TIME(1977-78) PERIOD. ONE OF THE THINGS THAT  MAKE EVERY ELO ALBUM SPECIAL IS SENSE FOR MELODY AND CRAFTMANSHIP A KEY FOR  EVERY JEFF LYNNE SONG. TRACKS THAT WORK BEST ARE:  &quot;SHINE A LITTLE  LOVE&quot;#8 , THE LEAD SINGLE AND A BOUNCY LITTLE TUNE. &quot;MIDNIGHT  BLUE&quot; GOOD CAR SONG, WHEN YOU HAVE TO TRAVEL SOMEWHERE. &quot;DON'T  BRING ME DOWN&quot;#4, YOU KNOW THE SONG A ROCK CLASSIC. &quot;DIARY  OF  HORACE WIMP&quot; A BIG HIT IN THE U.K. SHOULD OF BEEN RELEASED HERE, KIND  OF A LATTER DAY BEATLES SONG. OTHER SONGS THAT ARE KEEPERS: &quot;ON THE  RUN&quot;, &quot;CONFUSION&quot;#37, &quot;LAST TRAIN TO LONDON&quot;#39.  NOT A BAD RECORD AT ALL. GET IT AT THIS PRICE.
B000002I25|5.0|After recieving this cd I would have to say it is a great album. When I first began to listen to it I figured there would only be 1 or 2 songs on there I would like, boy was I wrong it's one of my favorite Doors albums  i've heard. I'm only a kid but thats the kind of music I like and this cd  sent me in the direction to buying more in the near future. I've heard  there songs on the radio before,mostly there &quot;Light My Fire&quot; and  &quot;Break On Through&quot;. I wanted to find the Cd online and purchase  it and I figured this cd would be the best choice because it has most of  The Doors greatest hits!
B000002NJS|3.0|A noticeable difference in her voice came across in the 1996 hit &quot;You'll See&quot; - clearer and stronger.  That 'improved' sound continued into this album release.  Not only do you get an excellent cd  cover, you get quite a range of interesting tracks which become better and  better with each listen. Personal favourites include 'Substitute for love'  where we see Madonna opting for guitar sounds rather than synthesizers.   Other favourites include 'Power of Goodbye' and the 'feel good' title  track.   Except for a couple of tracks which don;t seem to fit in very  well, the album is excellent and most fans will agree that she just gets  better and better.
B00003CX7K|5.0|I just wanted to say what a great movie this was! Let me preview by saying I am a 20 year old college student, so I think I can safely say this movie is for everyone!  <BR> <BR> I am not much for cartoons or animations (i  wasnt much into the first Toy Story or A Bugs Life), but this movie was  incredibly funny. It is very &quot;punny&quot; and was well worth the $5.50  to go see it! Some of the implied meanings (a few scenes poke fun at  Jurrasic Park, etc.) were an interesting twist to see in a G movie. I plan  to make it the next purchase of my DVD collection.  <BR> <BR> Let me finish  by saying if you havent seen the movies because its a &quot;kids  movie&quot;, you are really missing out. Give it a try and you will see  what I mean.
6305657939|5.0|I thought this was a classic movie! It had all the events of a good movie. Romance.. Suspense.. Sex... A very tiny bit of action... and a fun mystery.
0790729989|5.0|This flick had my palms sweating and my teeth clenched. To me it surpassed Demme's Silence of the Lambs. A real freaky tour de force, incredibly directed by David Fincher and well acted by Pitt and Freeman.
B000002O51|5.0|As good as their original self-titled debut album from the mid-70s.<br />Who cares what the reviewers think - Scholz and Delp have re-created that classic Boston sound without deviating from the good feeling, tight  harmony, guitar-drenched sound that initially brought them fame and  fortune. No one ever really listens to this music for its lyric quality  (although at times Scholz/Delp have gotten much better at this) than they  do for the vocal harmonics and guitar wizardry.<br />Too bad some of the  so-called professionals don't see it that way.<br />Enjoy this like you'd  enjoy Boston's first two.<br />Peace Out.
B000001XO3|5.0|This is one of the greatest Rings available.<br />You have the best Brünnhilde ever in Astrid Varnay, Wolfgang Windgassen has never sounded better, particulary in the last act of Siegfried - he really IS a  lovestruck teenager. And here Hans Hotter is a great Wotan, far from the  the tired old man with whith the wobbly voice that he is in the much  overrated Solti recording.  And there's so much moore, so these records are  worth every cent. As the sound quality is good but far from DDD I still  wouldn't recommend this as a first Ring. For a first choice Janowski is  good and inexpensive.
B000002572|5.0|I still have not heard anyone reach deep into their back pocket and hit the notes up in the stratosphere like Brad Delp can. Foreplay/Long Time is one of my favorites from this album (yes I did own a vinyl copy of this at  one time). <br />Favorite tracks from this album include: More Than a Feelin';  Foreplay/Long Time (love that organ solo); Smokin'; Peace of Mind.<br />To me,  Boston does not typify the arena rock groups that followed soon after -  they stand apart from that genre, head and shoulders above any other group  that came along after them. Although they've been criticized (mostly  Scholz) for creating album after album of songs that sound formulaic and  staid, their sound is unique and refreshing every time you hear it. Scholz  may have been an obsessive perfectionist, but his work pays off with each  album.<br />Whenever I play this CD, I recall the good vibes and times when I  first heard it. Summer would never seem the same without it, much like Van  Halen's 1984 album.<br />Peace Out.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I bought this album because I heard Dido's song &quot;Here with me&quot; on WB's Roswell, and I thought that it would just be that one song that was worth listening to. I was sooo wrong. The way that beats drop in during her  melodic songs is enough to make chills run through your spine. There aren't  many songs that don't keep your attention, but the songs that do make you  play it over and over before you even get to the other tracks. If you're  into Portishead, Cranberries and Sarah, you MUST buy this album!
B00000J7J4|4.0|Despite the fact that Carlos Santana doesn't sing on most of the album.  This is a great album.  It of course deserved all eight of the Grammy awards that it won.  Some of the songwritting isn't that great, but others  are undeningly profound.       I liked &quot;Put Your Lights On&quot; with  Everlast.  The vocals are outstanding and the lyrics are ok.  Anyone who  can't see or hear the magic of &quot;Smooth&quot; is just blind.  The  vocals are awesome and the lyrics are great.  Both the lyrics and the  vocals are done by Rob Thomas, the lead singer of Matchbox 20.  Smooth,  alone, won 3 grammys: Record of the year, Song of the year and best Pop  collaboration with vocals.  Smooth went to #1 on the Top 40 charts as well  as the Billboard single chart. It is an outstanding song.  I loved  &quot;Maria Maria&quot; with the Product G&amp;B.  It is a cool song. My  favorite line is &quot;See as the rich are getting richer, the poor are  getting poorer.&quot; Wyclef Jean wrote the song and he raps a little of  it.  I liked the Spanish song Migra.  It is a cool song and has excellent  vocals.  This is despite the fact that I don't know what they are saying.   Beyond those songs, the rest were ok.  The Lauryn Hill track was kinda  lame.  &quot;The Calling&quot; with Eric Clapton was lomg and boring.   These are the best songs in order: Smooth; Maria Maria; Migra; Put Your  Lights On; Love Of My Life; Africa Bamba; (Da Le) Yaleo; Wishing It Was; Do  You Like The Way; El Farol; Corazon Espinado; Primavera; and The Calling.   There is a pretty cool bonus track at the end of The Calling.  Overall the  fantastic guitar of Carlos Santana is what links this cd together.  A must  buy for anyone who enjoys great music
B00000J7S8|5.0|My family got this CD after hearing me play &quot;Love Scenes&quot; over and over again.  Diana is one good jazz artist.  This is a wonderful CD.
0679720200|4.0|Camus' The Stranger is a dull book on the outside. Simply reading it on a literal level will do wonders only for your sleeping. Essentially, its merely a novel observing the life of the very passive and boring  protagonist who lacks what one would normally consider a personality.  However, on the figurative level, this book is filled with metaphors and  deep statements about society. The Stranger is an existential and absurdist  novel, featuring the &quot;absurd hero,&quot; Meursault. The story takes  place in Algeria in the 1940s. After his mothers death, Meursaults life  goes on as it had before. His interactions and opinions of people remain  the same - nearly nonexistent. As his go with the flow attitude leads him  into the public eye, he is scorned and shunned, and this leads to what I  would describe as his triumphant downfall. This book is great for book  groups, class discussions, or just those of us who enjoy reading a book  full of philosophy and metaphors. It seems that almost every event and  character can be analyzed. The statements made in this book are so  profound, that I felt the need to reanalyze my life, even the parts that  were previously concrete. This book also sparked my interest in philosophy  and existentialism, and has inspired me to read more books on the subject.   If you enjoy philosophy, existentialist works, or stories of rebellion, I  strongly suggest The Stranger by Albert Camus.
0671042858|4.0|It was well written but need more evil to it at the ending. I didn't like how it turned out. Not too scary!
B00000J7S8|5.0|This cd is fantastic, this is pure music, like a landscape for your eyes,you deserve it!
B000005RTG|3.0|Mark IV was a particular line up. Besides Tommy Bolins problem with drugs, Deep Purple has changed musical direction into blues, Funk, Jazz with their traditional Hard Rock sound... You eep on movin is excellent,  This time around is a haunted melody full ballad sound,....Dealer is aheavy  track, Love child is slow but hard riff!  a MUST for Rock fans
B00000JMG7|5.0|I was in the service in 1974 stationed in Frankfurt Germany.  An acquaintance invited me to go see an Irish bluesman named Rory Gallagher in a local club.  I thought, &quot;what a crock&quot;. I was a Johnny Winter,  Jimi Hendrix, Eric Clapton fan and went only to keep my friend from  pestering me any longer.  This Irish lad took the stage wearing a flannel  shirt with long curly locks, donning an old beat up guitar.  When he broke  into &quot;could've had religion&quot; but that little girl wouldn't let me  pray.  I knew he was the real deal.  His scorching guitar licks are still  etched into my brain and I am so glad his work has finally made it into the  main stream.  Man, what a blues great.  Much missed.  I love you Rory. What  a night!
6305718954|5.0|Whether you're a &quot;believer&quot; or not, shouldn't really matter.  The idea of Jesus Christ's own writings (not just a translation by Mark, Matthew, John, etc... regarding what he said) is simply intriguing.  It's  like reading the personal diary of someone famous, instead of reading a  story in the tabloids about them.  There's simply no comparison.  <br />And  the fact that the story is somewhat believable, makes it so much more.   Predictable and boring?  I think not.
B00004LN16|4.0|I should start this review by saying that the first rock'n'roll record (yes record, I'm that old) that I ever bought was Back In Black, so that's my point of reference for AC/DC.  Ultimately I've been disappointed with  every album since then because fair or not, I'm always waiting for Back In  Black II.  That being said this is a very strong album.   &quot;Meltdown&quot;, &quot;Hold Me Back&quot;, &quot;Can't Stand  Still&quot; and &quot;Satellite Blues&quot; are classic AC/DC.  The tempo  in some of the songs is rather slow and I wish they would pick it up and  rock a little more.  The bottom line is that if you are already a fan of  the band you should have this album, if you're new to the band, check out  all of their material with Bon Scott and Back In Black before moving on to  this one.
630420065X|5.0|&quot;Oh, there's no plot,&quot; they say.  Then they obviously didn't watch the movie, and have no clue as to how the real spy world works.  Sure, the plot may not involve the destruction of an entire city  (&quot;Goldeneye&quot;), but rather, the plot is much more clandestine,  which makes for a better spy film anyway.  Cruise, unlike the other people  say, did a remarkable job acting, and had a good supporting cast.  There is  very good action and suspense.  (Ok, the tunnel scene at the end is  questionable on the reality scale, but it made for a good movie.)  The  music in the film is very fitting and suspenseful.  &quot;Mission:  Impossible&quot; never gets old.  It's complicated, and is a very  &quot;real&quot; spy movie, unlike James Bond and the rest.  In reality, it  compliments the TV series very well.  I just hope the sequal is just as  good, if not better.  Buy it - trust me, you won't regret it.
B000002I99|5.0|Alice is truly brilliant on this one! A great album never sounds old, this one never does to me. This album is right up there with some of The Beatles albums for me.
B000005RW6|5.0|I love this CD (I haven't purchased the import, but I own the American version). Beck's got some really cool stuff on this album, and he doesn't stick to one particular style (the only I've heard of that's been able to  pull that off successfully), but this is a great CD. If you don't know  anything about Beck, check this one out before the others.
B00000JJQK|5.0|I first got this album because I really liked the song Wouldn't It Be Nice.  But after I sat down and gave the whole album a listen, it blew me away.  Great harmonies and instumentation.  Not to mention wonderful songs,  ie.God Only Knows, Caroline No, Sloop John B, etc.  I could tell why Paul  McCartney praised it so much.  I really reccomend you get this CD.
6305609691|5.0|While Apocalypse Now is nto the greatest &quot;war&quot; movie, it is one of the greatest thought-provoking films ever made.  You sit in awe as spine-chilling scenes unfold before your eyes and you sit and ponder as to  what is the signigicance of waht you are seeing.  This movie contains  perhaps the greatest quote ever about the fate of the human race -  &quot;This is the way the world ends, not with a bang but with a  whimper&quot;.
078062369X|4.0|Great movie lots of action no cheap looking vampires here. Just didn't like the idea of using silver against a vampire. I mean doing away with crosses I can understand, but silver is a strict werewolf thing, and the  fact that they just crumble to pieces after being hit with it was a bit of  a stretch. Good plot though and acting, and seeing his mother again at the  end good idea.
630575067X|5.0|The Phantom Menace is the best movie of all time, period. The script is interesting and entertaining, there actors are well-known, and the special FX are breathtaking.  <br />I've heard several people complain about some of  the actors performances, saying that they don't show emotion.  Come on,  guys.  Do you REALLY want to face an emotional Jedi?  Do you know what they  call an emotional Jedi?  A Sith Lord!  The people who played Jedi played  their characters the way they should be played.<br />As for the complaints  that it is not as good as the others, name one thing that isn't better.  It  has better-known actors, better special effects, and the Jedi are way  cooler!  For those who miss Han Solo, I have to say that I hate his  character like some hate Jar-Jar Binks.  The only good thing he did was  father Jacen and Jaina, and in the meantime he was busy being an arrogant  idiot!<br />Another complaint I read was about Queen Amidala liking Anakin  Skywalker.  Why not?  She's only five years older than he is, and my Father  is five years older than my Mother.  In some cultures, an age difference of  ten years is common in married couples.  I don't tell me that in the future  that there are class systems people can't marry out of.  Give me a  break.<br />In conclusion, watch it with a mind to enjoy it.  All the thrills  of a breathtaking action movie with none of the blood, language, and  immorality.
B000006NPY|5.0|What the hell is with all the critics saying &quot;Billy's not the same anymore&quot;, or &quot;He can't rock like he used to.&quot; Can't a guy make one experimental album? The Smashing Pumpkins are artists, pure and  simple, and shouldn't be expected to stick to the exact same thing  throughout the tenure of their careers. They've dabbled in a little  electronic overtones, and the outcome was surprisingly beautiful. This is  the most beautifully depressing album yet. The problem was, too many people  were afraid of change. Embrace it! Don't fear change. Billy's decided for  ONE album that he'll take it in a different musical direction, and he's  stabbed in the back by all his fans. The point is, they'll always create  beautiful music whatever gendre you want to call it. It's a great album,  but sadly it's the runt of the litter. This one will never be loved.
B000002A3T|5.0|I don't love all of this albulm. I wouldn't rate it as high Animals, WYWH, DSOTM or Meddle. I like the band better with Waters. The main flaw I found was the vocals/songwriting. Not the lyrics, but the structure.   But enough  with the critisism. This is still a great albulm. It has some great songs.  Recommended to any Pink Floyd fans, but not as an introduction to Pink  Floyd.
B000023VR6|5.0|This CD is an excellent one from Dr Dre, one of the pioneers of rap.  I suggest this CD for anyone that likes a good variety of rap.
0380973464|5.0|Neil Stephenson's work, Cryptonomicon, is a must read for anyone interested in the issues of digital safety.  How do we communicate safely?  How do we bank safely?  Stephenson explores these issues with great humor  and fascinating characters that debate the issues of cryptography, of love,  war, environmental safety, etc, etc. in this masterwork.   It has been ages  since a book has made me laugh out loud many times at the absurdities it  reveals of its all-too-human characters.  The addition of clever graphs and   diagrams enhance the enjoyment of learning the art of cryptography (hiding  words) and of tunnel digging (hiding treasure).  If you like novels that  stimulate your thinking about current events, that make you giggle and  goggle with amazement at clever thoughts and characters, by all means read  Cryptonomicon, and be sure to tell your friends!  P.S. - don't be scared by  its long length - the story and characters leave you running hard until you  sadly enjoy the last page.
0679720200|3.0|I feel that The Stranger by Albert Camus was a pretty good book.  I have heard many times that is was very boring, but, regardless of those reports, I found it quite interesting.  I could not tell you exactly what it is that  got my attention.  Maybe it was Meursault's very relaxed outlook on life.   Or maybe it was the lack of unimportant, boring descriptions of his every  emotion.  Actually, the fact that he had no emotion appealed to me.   Reading this story by Camus opened up a whole new existentialist window to  me.  It was something new.  Maybe that is why I found it interesting.  I  always thought that if life had no meaning, which would be bad.  But  reading it from Camus' point of view, it did not seem all that bad, and in  fact, seemed to make more and more sense as I kept on reading. I read this  book for english class.  Normally, I do not find books this interesting  that I am forced to read.  This book is definetly different than any other  book I have read.  Especially for educational purposes.  Speaking of  educational purposes, I am still puzzled as to why we would be forced to  read about book whose theme is \\"there is no meaning to life.\\"  I guess it  does not really matter.
6301966740|5.0|This movie is absolute perfection. Humphrey Bogart (my favorite actor) and Ingrid Bergman make screen magic in this movie, Claude Rains is also superb. Filled with lots of now famous cliches; 'Here's looking at you  kid', 'This is the beginning of a beautiful friendship', 'We'll always have  Paris', 'Play it Sam, play As Time Goes By', etc. This is THE Hollywood  movie, probably the greatest screenplay ever written, filled with memorable  dialogue. Easily one of the greatest movies of all time, a MUST SEE. From a  scale of 1-10 I give this movie a 10!
B000002KB8|5.0|that haunting album cover -- beautiful man.  I remember taking that vinyl out, and listening to the beginnings of that first track, &quot;black sabbath.&quot;  Damn, was there anything better! I was listening to  Purple's &quot;In Rock&quot; and Zep's 2nd, but this was still so  different. While everybody that year was popping in their 8-track of Crosby  Stills Nash, some of us stumbled onto the dark side. Metal started here,  man, right here.
6305781427|5.0|The video is very clear, with excellent color, and  few artifacts -- especially considering this was filmed at night.  The camera angles are excellent, and place the viewer right in the action.<br />The sound has 2  options: stereo and 5.1 surround. I was skeptical of the 5.1 surround, but  it makes for a wonderful room-filling experience, and the 2-channel option  is avaliable for those who prefer it (but keep in mind this was not  recorded  accurately, so 2-channel is not going to be more accurate).<br />The  surround channels are used wisely, and there are no loud passages coming  from them; they  provide ambience, as one would hear sitting in the  Acropolis listening to the show.<br />This is just an excellent disc to own,  and I am glad it is finally available in the USA.  I look forward to  &quot;Tribute&quot;, when that is available.
B000020617|5.0|Dave Grohl has come awful awful close to finally releasing the shackles of &quot;that other band&quot; he was a part of back in the early '90s. There Is Nothing Left To Lose is by far the most accessible of the Foo Fighters  three releases. The opening track, &quot;Stacked Actors,&quot; is a  half-grunge throwback, but the entirety of the album is devoted to  well-crafted alternative rock. Just the first six tracks will keep you  coming back to this album again and again. Of particular note are the  layered, hypnotic tracks &quot;Generator&quot; and especially  &quot;Aurora.&quot; These two tracks sort of suck the listener into a  groove, are wonderfully catchy, and remind me of the fantastic  &quot;Everlong&quot; from their second album. The other tracks are a little  harder in nature, but any track on this album could be a successful  follow-up to &quot;Learn To Fly,&quot; the current single. Overall, this  album shows the Foo Fighters barking up the right tree. Grohl has an ear  for catchy tunes, and if that means casting off the shadow of Nirvana, more  power to him.
B00004LN16|5.0|This album should be another classic AC/DC album! If you liked Back in Black this one is just as good!
1558908498|2.0|Scream 2 was almost the same thing as it's first. The usual:mystery phone calls, blood, gore, etc. This time Sydney Presscott (Neve Campbell) is in Windsor Collage and suddenly it starts again in the patern in Woodsboro  California.See Scream 1 before Scream 2 because you wont get it.
0060925000|2.0|This book just cries out for an editor to cut  the oodles of extraneous stuff in it.  The story's OK and would deserve more stars if it were told in a leaner manner.  In its present form, it seems nothing more than a  gimmick to get press and promote sales.
0767819594|5.0|Regardless of everyone who left the actors in this film with a bad taste in it's mouth, I beg to differ.  The plot explained itself, and, even with the fact of being pointless at times, let the viewers see just how evil  Sebastian and Kathryn are.  I feel that most critics are missing the point  that Roger Kumble was getting across.  The point was (oblivious as this is  to Kumble or not) is that true love will change a person, and also the  faith of love.  Every time that Sebastian tried to become emotionally  attached to Annette, something happened to keep them apart: Kathryn  threatening his reputation, Sebastian and the horrible accident.  Somehow  the point gets across that Sebastian isn't really so evil.  Sebastian is  really kind at heart, but is so tempted away by Kathryn, that he is unable  to avert himself to being kind and generous.  It takes a person he really  loves to realize just how evil Kathry really is, and thinks of pulling away  from Kathryn's ways, and having a better life with Annette.  Revenge is  bitter sweet though, even if you have to die to get it.  I find the movies  ending was justified, and that the rest of the movie kept the audience  attentive.
B0000027I6|5.0|This is the closest thing to a Pink Floyd album since the Wall.  It is also the best thing anyone from Pink Floyd has released since then.  It is on par with the best of Pink Floyd.  <br />With the Final Cut, Roger Waters  went into a slide that bottomed out with Radio KAOS. (I actually think  there were some indications of this slide in The Wall).   While it has  always been apparent that Waters is a gifted songwriter and had the most  influence of the four in Pink Floyd's music, it appeared that he needed the  group to keep him focused and on the right track.  Perhaps one of the  problems behind The Final Cut was the lack of input from the rest of the  band and the absence of Richard Wright.  With Amused to Death, he has now  shown that he came make an ablum on his own that is strong from start to  finish, both in words and music.  <br />While this sounds like Pink Floyd, it  is difficult to say which album it is like.  That is because Pink Floyd was  always evolving and experimenting.  No two albums sounded alike, especially  in the later years.  This album probably comes closest to Animals and the  movie soundtracks.
079213690X|3.0|Even the title &quot;Braveheart&quot; made me question the inpartiality of this film.  It contains very little historical fact- the names of various English and Scottish nobles and the dates of the battles of Stirling Bridge and Falkirk seem to be the only events left intact.   Having visited  Scotland after the release of this film and seeing everything from museums  to post offices plasterd with posters of a woad wearing Mel Gibson, I  cannot doubt the nationalistic potency of Braveheart.   Therein lies it's  downfall.  Gibson has managed to cast aside any believable characterisation  or battle scenes in a mad pursuit to demonize the English.  I can only say  from my personnal opinion as an Englishman that it is more than vaguely  offensive to see one's ancestors portrayed as cowardly, effeminate and  sexually incompetent.  What's more, Edward I, a national hero in England,  is labelled &quot;an evil pagan&quot; despite the time he spent on crusade.    However, if you are not of English blood, especially if you are a Scot or  particularly anglophobic, you will no doubt find this an entertaining film.
630575067X|5.0|This is the best movie yet with all the special effect, computerized characters, and the story. I just thought it was the best.  It had some funny parts and alot of action.  I can't believe Qui-Gon Jinn died.  I hope the next movies are just as good or even better.
B00004LN16|5.0|The year of Rock n' Roll is upon us my friends. With new releases from AC/DC, The Cult, Ozzy, Iron Maiden, and a re-Rothinated Van Halen on the horizon, the year 2000 promises to be one for the ages. So we begin with  the long awaited followup to AC/DC's last classic Ballbreaker. I'll be  honest, they can practically do no wrong in my book, I'm a proud owner of  Blow Up Your Video, and I seriously think Flick Of The Switch is an  underrated classic. They haven't disappointed me here either, Stiff Upper  Lip is a great rock album. It is closest in style to Ballbreaker, with some  For Those About To Rock in there for good measure. There is much  repetition, but there always has been, and it still works. AC/DC's music  essentially a traditional blues style plugged into a hard rock context,  blues is all about repetition. Choice cuts: title track, Meltdown, Safe In  New York City is probably the best thing they have done in more than a  decade, Can't Stop Rock n Roll, Give It Up.<br />*Note to Turman (the reviewer  above): Who Made Who came out in the 80's and was a compilation of AC/DC  hits, and two instrumentals. How this could ever be mistaken for 'uneven'  is a mystery.
6305558167|5.0|The wonderful photograph mixes perfectly with the Powerful Wagner Sounds, to create an inspiring and unforgettable movie. Some scenes over the others: Uther Pendragon when he is ceased to death and finally  puts  Excalibur in the Rock... Merlino, Awakened by Arthur's Love for an old  friend...! MOrdred birth in Morgana's castle.<br />5 stars on 5. One of the  best movies I've ever seen!
B000000H3W|5.0|This is a great album. While Beneath the Remains is a tad bit primitive, and Roots is the beginning of their &quot;new style&quot;, I find this album the best. The production is excellent, the lyrics meaningful, and the  musicianship flawless. The album cover is superior also.
0385484518|5.0|&quot;Devote yourself to loving others, devote yourself to your community around you, and devote yourself to creating something that gives you purpose and meaning.&quot;<br />These are the words of an old man to a young  man about life's greatest lesson and his desire to give it away before he  dies.  And this book is the young man's gift of giving this lesson away  faithfully to us.<br />This story sings of a life well lived by an unsung hero  who goes about his days' changing the world through his teaching, and  sometimes it takes decades, if not longer, before the impact of his words  pierce his students hearts.  Such was the case of the author, Mitch Albom.   His favorite uncle's death at age 44 had so affected him that he went from  aimlessness as a sometime musician to earning a Master's degree in  journalism and crafting a flourishing career as a sports writer.  And along  the way, work became his life.  Then one evening, as he is channel surfing,  he caught a TV interview of Ted Koppel interviewing his favorite professor,  Morrie, about his life and impending death from ALS.<br />Mitch then  reconnects with Morrie, flying from his job in Detroit to Morrie's home  outside of Boston, to meet on Tuesdays to discuss the universal issues of  our lives, things like death and fear and aging, family and forgiveness and  a meaningful life.  What we need to talk about and usually don't get around  to until it is too late become the very topics of these Tuesdays with  Morrie.  As the leaves change color and weeks turn into months, we are  invited along and drawn into their conversations, as &quot;The Dead Poet's  Society&quot; meets &quot;My Dinner with Andre'&quot;.<br />Buy this book.  Read it on Tuesdays.  And after you've finished, give it to someone you  love.
B00000ADG2|1.0|Lauryn stated she &quot;would rather see her children starve than have white people buy&quot; her trash.  Heavens, I don't want no kids starvin'.
6305603847|5.0|This movie is something strange and amazing, when i`ve watched it, i was knocked out. The first impression was: My God! How, Why! Lot of feelings, i couldn`t arrange them, after second watching i understood some of his  actions, but not all. I think everyone will find something in this movie,  as person looking at first, or at thousand time.
B000006045|5.0|anyone interested in this genre of music will adore mezzanine--in this cd one can discover mesmerizing beats and soul penetrating lyrics. elizabeth fraser's voice is incredibly sharp and powerful.  i would have to say this  is the best of the massive attack cds, and a must have for ones cd  collection (my favorite tracks-teardrop, black milk, and group four)
078323077X|1.0|An insult to anyone who has a brain! How dare they! Filmlovers should hire Edward Fox a.k.a. Charles Calthrop a.k.a. &quot;The (one and only) Jackal&quot; to dispose off the herd of imbeciles who thought(?) out this  &quot;remake&quot;!<br />I WANT MY MONEY BACK!
6305657947|1.0|Monet's Impression, Sunrise hangs in the Musee Marmottan in Paris, far from the idiocies of this film. Brosnan hits his marks providing the viewer with a spot on parody of James Bond without his Walther PPK. Everyone seems  bored in this movie, the school kids at the  Metropolitan Museum where the  action takes place, the cops who'd rather be shaking down wife beaters, and  of course Miss Russo who looks like she wants to be anywhere else. If you  want a good museum heist story stick with Topkapi. This movies is as  predictable as the Met's closing time.
1573226521|1.0|The premise of the book is ok, but I found the self-involvement of the characters very boring.  As one reviewer said, it's true that many backpackers are only interested in meeting other Westerners, not learning  about the country they are supposedly traveling in.  Reading the reviews by  other readers makes me wonder what kind of lives they lead when they  express admiration for the repellent characters.  ( Or those who say they  thought about the book at work...what kind of jobs do they have? )
B00000JCOV|5.0|Don't be confused by the masks, these guys are for real.  The blend of metal is the best I've heard in a long time.  The really know how to rock. Cory's vocals are great and the rest of the band really backs him up.
0060194995|5.0|This book did not get the #1 book of all time from luck of the draw, the book deals with many issues that were very important in the time and has a plot that seems ordinary but you dont realize how much you loved the book  until you put it down, and find yourself wanting to run back to it to find  out what happens next, I LOVED THIS BOOK
B0000024JA|4.0|Make no mistake about it: this record is not your typical Wu album. This is a trip way down into the bowels of the Wu-Tang Dungeon, where Method Man is standing at the foot of the torture rack, laughin' at all the wack MCs  he gets to inflict pain on. *I apologize for that extreeeemely long  metaphor, but I had to say it* Method Man has a style that is truly all his  own, and this album let everyone know that he wasn't just that cat who said  &quot;M-E-T-H-O-D... man!&quot; on the first Wu album. RZA's production was  at it's most grimy here, showcasing Meth's gravelly voice over tracks like  the oh-so-bass-heavy title track, the syncopated &quot;Bring the  Pain,&quot; and the almost-disturbing &quot;Mr. Sandman.&quot; There are  very few songs that disappoint, if at all. &quot;Biscuits&quot; is funny at  times, but not exactly a good song, and the same goes for &quot;Sub  Crazy,&quot; which kind of plods along. But otherwise, this is an almost  perfect album. Meth came correct, and he deserves all the praise for it.
B00000HYXB|5.0|This album tells the story of the Silmarillion, J.R.R. Tolkien, which is the History of Middle-Earth.  It has a great variety of speed, ochestral arrangements, and great vocals.  If you know the story the music is all the  better.  Tolkien and metal seem to go hand and hand, with Blind Gaurdian in  the lead.  If you like bands like Iced Earth and Helloween you will enjoy  this album.
0446364495|3.0|Yes, I admit I have read this novel, and although it wasn't the mind-blowing love story some would have you to believe, it ultimately wasn't as horrid as others would have you to believe.  It did have several  things going for it: a. It was an easy read, appropriate for a lazy  afternoon. b. It was not so boring it was unbearable to read. c. It  attempted to embody a magical, whimsical sort of feeling, and although it  wasn't entirely believable, its heart was in the right place. d. Its  unbelievability actually worked to its advantages in some places, because  it put a humorous spin on the novel.  O.k., so perhaps it was supposed to  be romantic when Kincaid does his little monologue about how he was every  ship that had ever set to sea, etc.  Yeah, so what if it actually sounded  pompous, rehearsed, and all together ridiculous? And so what if I would  laugh my face off if some guy ever said that to me? It still redeemed  itself with its entertainment value, because as you read this, you know  that some guy (meaning Wallaer) actually thought this was a truly romantic  thing to say. In short, yeah the book had a tendancy to be lame, but hey,  we're all entitled to endulge in reading a novel that won't neccesarily  contribute to the overall scholarliness of society every now and agian.
0385491026|3.0|I really enjoyed The Handmaid's Tale but all the other Atwood books that I've read so far really don't compare--but hey, that's cool. There really wasn't anything that I didn't enjoy about the book, but personally it was a  book that I could put down. I'd pick it up after a few days of course, but  it wasn't very captivating. <br />One notible feature to the book was her  writing technique. Atwood's writing style confronts issues in a sarcastic  tone yet with good humor and wit. Though I say 'sarcastic' that doesn't  mean that it is cynical and &quot;mean.&quot;  I truly suggest reading any  of Atwood's works for the sole purpose of getting aquainted wit her writing  style. ! Atwood stands out amongst women writers for having a unique  writing style. !<br />Though I really don't have anything in specific to say  about this book I can say that if you are a hardcore fan of Atwood then I  highly recommend that you pick this up. Otherwise, you may want to try  reading the Handmaid's Tale instead because I personally find it a tad more  enthralling.  peace out.
6305538018|3.0|Cronenberg usually always satisfies, but existenz just doesnt quite do it. Its entertaining mostly, but the ending is such a cheat it leaves you feeling empty, or is that what its supposed to do. Too much rehashing of  ideas from videodrome, reality merges with fantasy, organic gun technology  etc. I  hope cronenberg has not lost his touch and will return to form. The  novelisation is much more entertaining, and adds a line of dialogue at the  end that makes the whole thing more worthwhile; &quot;we're still in the  game arn't we?&quot; &quot;Who knows?&quot;
6304493681|4.0|Animation and sound quality is really good, one of the best and most detailed I have ever seen.  It can hold its own with &quot;Akira&quot;.  Plot and story is alright, makes you ponder a little.  If you don't get it  at first, you can always watch it again.  I am giving this 4 stars, coz the  &quot;nudity&quot; in certain action scenes seemed out of place to me.  I  mean, do you fight a battle with armor/camoflage or totally without any  clothes? Buy this, its really good to add to your collection.  Definitely  not for kids of all ages.
0440234743|2.0|This book could have been 125 pages shorter.  The middle chapters seem to be self-indulgent.  Sharing with the reader the excruciating details of the undeveloped portions of South America - as if he just came back from an  expedition and wanted to share everything that happened.  The overall  concept was interesting.  I just skimmed through the chapters describing  the landscape and inhabitants in order to get on with the story.
0783229569|5.0|The paranoia is spread thick over this unusual exploration into the heart of America.  It's timeless journalism reporting on a country we no longer live in.  This is a respectful effort by the actors, writers, editors, and  director to reveal a disturbing visual glimpse between Hunter S. Thompson's  historic lines.
B000002AV5|5.0|This album simply has the word &quot;classic&quot; written all over it.  Absolutely essential if you like to fall asleep to music (or stay awake with someone special).  The gentle, meandering &quot;like a tattoo&quot;  and &quot;love is stronger than pride&quot; will knock out anyone quicker  than a shot of thorazine.  And no woman in this world can resist &quot;no  ordinary love.&quot;  This is one great album to have around when you need  it.
6305079900|5.0|This is one of the best movies ever, and is certainly Arnold's best. Linda H. is much better in this movie than in T2. This was real low budget, so don't expect a 5.1 soundtrack -- the film was recorded in mono. If you try  to simulate surround sound from mono, you get junk, so I applaud the studio  for keeping it mono.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This disc resulted from an enormous collaborative project between many Latin-music loving musicians between 1989 and 1999, and it is a unique archive of the post-sixties development of one particular Latin guitar  aesthetic. The best sound-bite description I can think of is \\"Latin Jazz  stew,\\" but this fails to reflect the ghostly and eclectic quality which  persists throughout the disc. Such instruments as dijeridoo, banjo, Jew's  harp, clarinet, and accordion interact with a wide range of mens' and  womens' voices and Carlos' doleful axe to create a dozen widely varying yet  unified pieces which seem to tell a story that can't quite be comprehended  by the conscious mind. Youth, death, ancient grief, and eternal play are  themes that these artists have developed over their years of collaboration.  A few of the pieces are `songs' in an almost traditional sense, but their  placement within the context of the disc gives them the feel of recently  discovered treasure- a trove of gold and emeralds and mother-of-pearl  encrusted cutlasses found in an old treasure chest, inspected with  curiosity and reverence, and returned to history. The less traditional  pieces sound like soundtracks to memories of the next millenium. They work  together to produce a body of music with charm, breadth, and playfulness.  The most impressive feature of \\"Supernatural,\\" though, is that it responds  well to any depth of attention - it will complement Latin studies and  Ayahuasca adventures equally well. Quite an impressive gadget for the  Latin-naut.
6305428050|5.0|This movie is so entertaining, it should be in every video/DVD collection. It's a simple story about a babysitter forced to take her charges with her into the city as she hurries to help out a friend. This plausible  premise quickly escalates until the babysitter and kids find themselves in  situations that James Bond might find daunting. The acting, the music and  the appealing plot make the story enjoyable for everybody from kids to  parents. I popped the disk into the machine with no great expectations, and  could not stop watching until it finished. Other films may use  crotch-biting dogs and semen in the hair to substitute shock for hilarity.  But Adventures in Babysitting delivers real laughs while taking you on a  wild ride through the wicked bowels of the city.
B00001OH1S|4.0|There are very few things keeping this from being a 5-star review. The music selected evokes incredibly accurately the wide range of emotions instilled by the film. The quality of the music is perfect. Listener might  leave wondering, however, *why* the album's producers left out the  beautiful tracks that they did.<br />The album includes obviously good  selections, such as the sexy and haunting version of &quot;The Windmills of  Your Mind&quot; by Sting, the sensual and wistful &quot;Everything...(Is  Never Quite Enough)&quot; by Wasis Diop, the powerful and energetic  &quot;Sinnerman&quot; by the great Nina Simone and the festive &quot;Caban  La Ka Kratchie&quot; by Georges Fordat. An equally obvious series of  selections are the (too) short tracks from Bill Conti's beautiful and  emotionally wide-ranging original score.<br />But what about the great  suspenseful and action-packed instrumental score played during the film's  opening theft sequence? What about the several beautiful versions of  &quot;The Windmills of Your Mind,&quot; including the sexy big band version  during the BVLGARI black and white ball? And what about the hot Latin  number during the same scene? The album seems perfect in what it has, but  incredibly off-base in what it lacks.<br />It remains a beautiful album. Buy  it anyway...and keep Sting, Wasis Diop, and Bill Conti on  &quot;repeat,&quot; but hope we one day see more of what was missing from  this album in its equally beautiful sister, *More Music from The Thomas  Crown Affair*....
6304938276|1.0|When this movie came out in theatres, I made my dad go out so Icould rent SCREAM 1. I loved it. So I was really anxious to see SCREAM 2.I wanted to see something scary and funny like in the first one.  The beginning was good and scary, but then the whole movie sucked after  that. I didn't laugh ONCE in this whole damn movie! The  only good thing about it is that MASTER P &amp; SILKK song on the  soundtrack.
B000003CM9|5.0|This lp is great because of Elizabeth Reed. My  question is that blues influenced the Bros. However, I hear John Coltrane throughout the jams and Fillmore sets. Is that Butch's tempo or jai's and what are his jazz roots?
B00003W8NM|4.0|A lot of people don't like Fincher's films because he refuses to compromise the inherently difficult nature of the scripts he directs. Fight Club is weirdly the first time that he bottled out, and so despite the  daring of the first half of the movie, it unravels into a confused  mess.<br />The story of The Narrator in the film's first act is hugely  compelling, an involving and eye-popping introduction into a properly  original film world. It's a total mind's-eye point of view - the leaps in  time and space are dazzling and allow for the creation of an unsettling and  vaguley surreal comic-book atmosphere. Someone accused Fincher's bold  visual style of being &quot;bleak chic&quot;, but the jumpy and neon-bathed  images underpin the gradual unraveling of the protagonist's identity in a  unique way. There is so much visual information, in fact, that it is  impossible to take it all in. And then the fights start.<br />It's not always  useful to compare a film to its source material, but in this case it is.  The novel he made this film from is stuffed with ideas and is structured  around a dizzy pin-ball point of view. The filmmakers, in finding a  solution to translating visually what seems an unfilmable book, thus had  the potential to construct a grenade out of laser-cut diamonds. But they  sold out, maybe inevitably, by turning it into a chase film. I read that  Fincher said that at the end of the book it was a disappointment that the  buildings didn't blow up; instead, the Narrator ends up in a mental home  with the Space Monkeys waiting for him in the background. It's disquieting,  and a true psychological portrait of the protagonist in his delerium; and  Fincher didn't see it? He blew everything up instead, and you find yourself  thinking, is this a different film? The ruthless exposition of the  Narrator's psychology from the first half goes to pot. Ach.<br />This is a  confused film that didn't have the courage of its convictions. Anything  you've read about&quot;fascism&quot; or &quot;sadism&quot; or  &quot;glorifaction of masculine rage&quot; says nothing about the movie;  those are confused rants by critics who want to understand the film as some  weird spontaneous product of ideology, which it isn't. If anything, it  tries to unveil mainstream AMERICAN late capitalism as the ideology it  really is. Thus, people got angry and threw epithets at it to hide their  own nakedness. Cowards!<br />See the film anyway, because the technical  achievement of the film is enourmous; the storytelling is superb; and  there's really been no other film out there quite like this for a while.
B000002KMV|5.0|This album contains some of the tightest funk jams ever made i.e. Controversy, Sexuality, Let's Work, Private Joy...and It contains the what was deemed Sex on Wax upon its release &quot;Do Me Baby&quot;..What can u  say about that song other than it is outstanding.  Be4 that song came out  most people were on that love tip...after it the mood changed to  sex...Prince played all instruments and sang the majority of the parts and  he was only 21...What a genius.
B00000JY1X|5.0|I don't think anyone here has mentioned how funny most of the songs are.  Long-Forgotten Fairytale, for example, is a wicked parody of that stupid 80s song The Promise by When in Rome (it even has the same repeating bass  line in the same key! ). I cracked up when I first heard it, but none of my  friends noticed the resemblance until I pointed it out. Don't believe all  the comments here saying that only 1/3 of the songs are any good.  There  are actually only about a handful of duds here.  If your musical taste is  limited to only top 40 and/or Modern Rock on the radio AND you hate  everything else, I can understand why you'd only like 1/3 of the songs  here.  If however your ears are open to music from many different genres,  you won't have any trouble digging most of the songs in this box.
B000002BMV|5.0|journey had such tremendous talent and organization in the production of their lps. I listen on 8 track for the rush and still pick up new ideas .Totally original . I wish Perry and Grace Slick would tour with either  Airplane JOurney or both .
B000002LHX|5.0|This is one of the rare cases that a soundtrack actually goes with the movie.  The music is dark, funky, sensual, danceable and thought provoking.  The future is a rather deep cut that most people have yet to grasp.   Electric Chair is built on a classic guitar riff, Vicki Waiting is an all  out jam and let's not even get into the sex on CD known as Scandalous.   Ignore the negative reviews this is a very good album and it goes very well  with the characters in the movie.  Prince played all instruments on this  album, which proves again that he is the best one man band around...Buy it  u won't be dissapointed.
B00000K3UU|1.0|What a waste of talent.  You've got the funny Adam Sandler, the witty Jon Stewart, the sweet Joey Lauren Adams, the strange Steve Buscemi, etc. . .and you get this.  This dreck of a movie.  Name one funny scene.  I dare  you.  Name one creatively written scene that is truly funny.  And no, I  will not count Sandler tossing sticks at rollerbladers.  Did a four year  old come up with that one?  Some one got paid for writing that?  And what  about Sandler peeing on the building.  ha-ha-ha. . .zzzzzz.  This is comedy  that is completely uninspired.  It's as if a witless pre-teen about to  enter the 7th grade wrote a screenplay and somehow got it produced.  If you  want REAL COMEDY, get &quot;Bowfinger&quot;, &quot;The Muse&quot;,  &quot;There's Something About Mary&quot;, &quot;American Pie&quot;,  &quot;Kingpin&quot;, &quot;The Jerk&quot;, etc. . .This film is so unfunny.   Don't waste your time.
0451191153|2.0|Sorry to be the lone philistine.  I believe there was a black hole at the center of Ayn Rands's soul and it eventually consumed her.  Reading her fiction is more despair than hope, more heat than light.  <br />There are  heroes and villains in good novels-there are plenty of good novels out  there.  Wading through this one was a joyless enterprise.  Ayn &quot;the  Supreme Being&quot; Rand died old and alone, still hating.  Want a superb  novel, one that will actually do the reader some good as well as entertain?   Try a modern author with a future vision, Jerry Furland &quot;Transfer-the  end of the beginning&quot;.
B00000J7J4|2.0|It's true.... I really tried to like this album.  I mean, it isn't terrible, but it certainly is not the classic that all the sheep are calling it. As you listen to it, and try to keep an open mind to all the  diverse influences that are present, it quickly becomes apparent that what  you have here is a mediocre song from nearly every guest-star and Carlos  himself.  I'm sorry again, but it needs to be said.  OVERRATED.  If you  must hear &quot;Smooth&quot; (as though you don't hear it enough on the  radio) save a few bucks and buy the single.  The rest of the album feels  disjointed and incoherent.
B00000BKDV|4.0|1983 was a new focal point for metal.  In that year, Maiden released &quot;Piece of Mind&quot;, probably their best work.  In that same year, Metallica released its debut, &quot;Kill 'em All&quot; which was to take  the metal world by storm and change it in such a way that Maiden would  probably be left in the category of has beens.  This unfortunately proved  true.  Maiden, with the possible exception of Powerslave, didn't enjoy much  more success and were left to the realm of obscurity.  The little air play  and MTV exposure they received was only another nail in the coffin.  But  one should not be deterred from the lack of popularity that followed.   Maiden still released a great album in &quot;Piece of  Mind.&quot;<br />Featuring the drumming of Nicko McBrain, this Maiden album  was more rhthymically precise and harder than previous albums.  Combine  that along with Steve Harris' booming bass lines along in counterpoint with  the guitars of Adrian Smith and Dave Murray and you have a great  instrumental band. And when there is no vocal, the instrumental sections  soar.  But, you have to have a vocalist and Bruce Dickinson comes forth in  grand style.  Typical 80s metal you say?  Perhaps, but with some more  imagination.  The approach to mythical (Flight of Icarus) and fantasy  subjects (To tame a land) coupled with politically charged rallying cries  against communist Russia (Where Eagles Dare and the Trooper) puts Maiden in  a category all their own. <br />This is a great listen. The songs are fast and  heavy and do not grow old. The only complaint I have is that they should  have done more on this album.  Nevertheless, it is worth a listen.
B0000399WI|4.0|Many great things have been said about this movie, and the movie deserves it.  This Stephen King prison tale is excellent (as is his other prison tale The Green Mile).    Unfortunately, this DVD is lacking.  The only  extras on the disk are a trailer and a few photo stills.  Originally, the  disk was to include a commentary by Morgan Freeman, but he apparently  backed out.  With all the hype and acclaim around this movie, surely some  more extras could have been included.    Bottom line - Buy this DVD for the  movie, not to learn more about it through extras.
0385474547|3.0|Things Fall Apart was an exceptional book.  It gave us insight on how life was back in that time frame.  I really enjoyed the book.
B000002WYT|5.0|what can you say about this band other than they are the best.ALL(and i mean all) their songs are cool. all their CDs are cool even the live ones you should all go out and buy this album and all their other albums too. i  can't wait for their new album that comes out later this year.
B000000P11|2.0|&quot;Strange Times&quot; is an album which sometimes showcases beautiful guitar work, but is otherwise ruined by horrific melodramatic tendencies. A real standout on the album is the haunting (emotion tempered with subtlety,  for once) &quot;Tears&quot;, the frequently mentioned &quot;Swamp  Thing&quot; is merely a showcase of simplistic power chord hooks. The major  culprit here is singer/bassist Burgess who is guilty of melodramatic  grandstanding both in delivery and lyrics.  Worth checking out, if you can  get a cheap used version. Otherwise your money (and time) is best spent  elsewhere.
0792139771|5.0|excellent cinematography is the main attraction of this movie.  You actually feel that it is all happening right in front of you. for example: when Wallace smashes the Scottish nobleman's face in with an iron ball you  hear his bones cracking.  or, when Wallace impales the archer on a  fencepost in the first battle you hear his bones and spine cracking.    Overall, an excellent film, but it is incredibly gory.
B00004LN16|5.0|It is a very difficult thing to say that any particular AC/DC album is their &quot;best.&quot; They have so much high quality material. But suffice to say the Stiff Upper Lip delivers the hard-rocking' goods on  every track, just like Highway to Hell, Back in Black, and High Voltage. It  suffers from none of the muddy production problems that plagued their  post-Mutt Lange albums, in fact it sounds better than any of their albums,  in terms of production, except the remastered Back in Black. AC/DC's  previous two albums (Razor's Edge &amp; Ballbreaker), to me anyways,  signifigantly improved over the majority of mid-late 80's material (Fly on  the Wall, Blow Up Your Video), but SUL absolutely demolishes The Razor's  Edge and Ballbreaker in terms of power, riffage, and Brian fixed-up vocals  sound better than he has in a long, long time. Every song has that  indefinable &quot;timeless&quot; rock sound that pours out from a lot of  their late 70's material. Each song has you wondering &quot;How can they  not release this as a single?&quot; Songs alternate between Back In Black  evil rock (Safe in New York City, House of Jazz, Damned(my fav) and  Powerage-style funky blues licks (Meltdown, Hold Me Back, Can't Stand  Still). You absolutely cannot go wrong with record. Easily on par with your  favorite AC/DC album, and easily better than the rest.
B000002UAU|5.0|I am surprised and annoyed to see &quot;Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite&quot; being bashed. This is a song that strongly influenced subsequent popular music (think of Bowie's &quot;After All&quot; from &quot;The Man  Who Sold the World&quot;) as well as film and sixties sensibility. The only  thing I can say against it is that &quot;Lucy in the Sky with  Diamonds&quot; and &quot;A Day in the Life&quot; are even more brilliant  and inspired. <br />Now, if you take away from this record these songs and  &quot;Good Morning&quot;, what are you left with? You are left with George  Martin's brilliant arrangements of &quot;When I'm Sixty-four&quot; and  &quot;Within You and Without You&quot;. You are left with the quirky and  moderately amusing &quot;Lovely Rita, Meter Maid&quot;. You are left with  the moderately tuneful &quot;With a Little Help From My Friends&quot;.  Probably if &quot;Getting Better&quot; and &quot;Fixing a Hole&quot;  (especially) were replaced with the first two songs (originally) intended  for this record, &quot;Penny Lane&quot; and &quot;Strawberry Fields&quot;,  it would be better still, but c'est la guerre, such was not to be. <br />Ten  stars for John Lennon's songwriting, ten stars for George Martin's  arranging and producing, six stars for Paul McCartney's songwriting,  playing, and contributions to the arrangements, five stars for George  Harrison's songwriting, six stars for Ringo Starr's drumming on &quot;A Day  in the Life&quot;.
0385484518|5.0|This book should be in everybody's home.I have read this book four times
B000001FOL|1.0|More to the point, the PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER of this record should also know by now that Nico couldn't sing (very well), especially more to the point because she does not attempt here to play an  instrument, to write,  to arrange, to produce, or to ride a bicycle; singing is it.  &quot;Chanteuse&quot;, by the way, is French for (female) singer, and thus  to use the word in English is to evoke the French manner of singing:  boisterous, exuberant: precisely the opposite of Nico's manner--or, I  should say, MANNERISM. Merely to call that manner dry would be to suggest  we might go swimming in the Sahara. If Nico were a wine, she'd be so sec  she'd lower your blood sugar level--and so far from evoking the manner of a  chanteuse, she sings with a heavy German accent (feigned or not I can't  say, but it sounds to me like a caricature of a heavy German accent, Andy  Warhol's idea of camp). Her style is the absence of style.<br />Muss es sein?  Es muss!
0679720200|5.0|Many people complain that The Stranger is a boring or maybe depressing book.  I can see nothing depressing and if the book makes you think, how can it be boring?  This book made me think, what is the meaning in life?   What can we do to attach meaning to life?  Is the way I lead my life the  way that I would like to in an ideal situation?      This book is  essentually about society and those who are the most ingrained and  dependant on society are those who will have the stronger reaction to it.   Meursault, the main character, is a rebel to society, not in any exiting  way but in that he refuses to fake emotions that he does not have.  It is a  rebellion in direct contrast to our society.  If a murderer shows no  remorse for the slain he is more likely to be locked away for ever or put  to death.  It is that exact emotion that is not felt or faked by his  emotion that leads to his downfall.       For those of you who like  activism and/or satire their is plenty.  The justice system is poked at as  well as society.       Finally I must say that the language is absolutely  beautiful.  Especially if you can read it in the original French.  In his  simple style Camus wins my praise for &quot;talks least, says most.&quot;
B000005ILF|5.0|I bought this album when it came out in 1996, and went to see him in concert on the Mercury Falling tour a few months later. I liked The Police, but I have been a true fan of Sting for about 10 years now; I very much  prefer his solo work. &quot;Mercury Falling&quot; is his best album to date  (and I am writing this after the release of &quot;Brand New Day&quot;).  That was my opinion 4 (!)   years ago when I bought this album, and it is  my opinion today. I remember hearing this CD for the first time, amazed  that EVERY song was absolutely great. This CD is solid, and one of the best  albums I have ever heard. I felt like each album up to this one was better  than his previous one, that he was improving with each new release. But  &quot;Brand New Day&quot; does not even compare to &quot;Mercury  Falling.&quot; I can live with that-I feel fortunate to be a contemporary  of Sting's and for the opportunity not only to hear all of his music, but  to be here while it is being made.
B0000028SU|5.0|Lucky Town is lyrically stunning. The ballads, especially, like &quot;Book of Dreams&quot;, &quot;If I Should Fall Behind&quot; and &quot;My Beautiful Reward&quot;, are perfect readings of these lyrics.<br />As far as rockin out,  the MTV &quot;Plugged&quot; CD provides better versions of &quot;Lucky  Town&quot; and &quot;Better Days&quot; - especially Bruce's HOT HOT HOT  guitar solo on &quot;Lucky Town&quot; - but that is not to slight these  studio versions. I just tend to prefer the sound/feel of live recordings.  <br />And, my personal favorite: &quot;Leap of Faith.&quot; I wish Bruce would  add it to the current tour!<br />Still, a must for Bruce-aholics. Others might  think twice as I've seen an awful lot of this CD in the used CD sections of  local record stores. Too bad.
6303997198|5.0|I know the film has the tremendous shocks to the modern marriage even to the Chinese. I read both the novel and film at the sme time when I appointed to give a comments in a Hovering Clouds( a Reading Club in  Taiwan).During the reading period, I has extremely experienced the intense  and spiritual struggle ever had that forced me to think of again and again  the transcendental way to beyond the predicament that almost everyone was  &quot; helpless &quot; involved. Cline Westwood is a great artist and he  also indicate the real resolution just like Existentialistic approach that  everyone must find himself a difficult way to keep the balance between the  self and its beyond....At the end of the film where the beginning of the  real love
B00000JCOV|1.0|Listen to this stuff enough and you are deaf and start to look like Gov. Whitman.
1573226521|4.0|I thought it was a good book, but in no way comparable to Lord of the Flies, which is my all time favorite. It wasn't as deep, though it was exciting and well written.
B000002KKS|5.0|When this record was released in 1980, a new life was begin with a new singer: Ronnie James Dio.Some people says: Sabbath is dead since that album,but some other people says: That album was giving a new life for  Black Sabbath. For me, Black sabbath still rock forever, with or whitout  Ozzy, Sabbath rules. I have listen this record some times to give him 5  stars. Dio give a more heavy sound than Ozzy (just listen Dehumanizer also  and you will think that!). My favorites tracks on this album is: Neon  Knights (very heavy), Children Of The Sea (very good,but not better than  Children of The Grave),Lady Evil,Heaven And Hell (the best track of this  album) and Die Young (a very good Iommi solo on this song). I suggest to  the Sabbath fans who like only the old sound of Black Sabbath: go to buy  it, this album is more hard rock than the modern music, you won't regret  it, it's a big classic masterpiece.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|WOW, just wow, struggling to find words. Unbelieveable...Mindblowing....Incredible...Best movie ever.Nope, not enough. Go watch it again.
B00000J7J4|3.0|Some say this is not Santana's best, and actually I agree. It is not his personal best., This is just an album with a good mix of younger artists and newer musics...not something that Santana can take sole credit for.
0385474547|3.0|This is the story of Okonkwo, a young man living in the land of Umuofia in Africa.  He is a strong warrior whose life is dominated by fear and anger.  As the story develops, the author gives a clear picture of the everyday  life of Okonkwo's tribe, the Ibo.  The author deals explicitly with the  family life and the religion of the Ibo people.  Many of the aspects of  this primitive life seem savage and uncivilized to many readers, such as  the ritual killing of children and polygamy.  About half-way through the  book, the local tribes come into contact with British missionaries who  settle around them in the hopes of spreading the Christian Faith.   This is  the point where things begin to fall apart for Okonkwo and his fellow  tribesmen as the European missionaries for the most part wish not only to  &quot;Christianize&quot; the tribes of Umuofia, but to completely wipe out  their African heritage and customs, and to turn the land into a sort of  British colony.  Sadly, this method of completely wiping out one's culture  and replacing it with the culture of one's homeland has been used by many  of the mission efforts of Western Christendom throughout the centuries.   The author is very descriptive about the tragic effects this form of  mission work can have on a culture. Christian missionaries may find this  book offensive.  However, I believe that it should be read by anyone  considering Christian missionary work.  The cultural insensitivity  exhibited by the missionaries in this book is a pitfall into which all  missionaries are in danger of falling in their attempts at spreading the  Gospel.  For a more Orthodox approach to mission work, I recommend MONKS,  MISSIONARIES, &amp; MARTYRS:  MAKING DISCIPLES OF ALL NATIONS by Fr. Luke  Alexander Veronis (Light &amp; Life Publishing).
B000006NPY|5.0|I love this cd!  I have been obsessed with the pumpkins for about 6 years now. They are the greatest band on the face of this sweet earth. Adore is such an excellent album. I listen to it all the time!  I love the song  &quot;tear&quot;. It is SO awesome. I also am very fond of &quot;once upon  a time&quot; and &quot;for martha&quot;. Adore---a truly classic pumpkin cd  to go down in history!  :)
0375804013|5.0|No matter how old (or young) you are you will not be able to stop laughing after you read this book.  I'm 23 and I still love it, in fact I love to read it to kids as well.  I can't quite do as good a grover as my mom but  the kids don't mind.  I grew up with this book.  I guaruntee you're kinds  will love it and you'll love reading it to them.  And if you don't well  then maybe you should see your doctor becuase you've lost your funny bone!
0783240503|5.0|Ever since I saw this show on stage in LA about ten years ago, I've been dying to have a copy I could watch over and over and over...  Well, that day has come.  I saw the video version on a recent trip to London-- and am  sold on it's value.  The cast is amazing, lead by Donny Osmond's  unflappable vocal ability.  Unlike the cats video, no songs have been cut  out, and no songs have been shortened, with the possible exception of the  Joseph Megamix, which has been revamped to serve as an end credit theme.   The sets have been built as immersive environments, not a filmed version of  the stage show.  Also of note-- a preview before the show of the new  production of Jesus Christ Superstar set to come to video this Easter!
B00000J2L8|5.0|I loved the video of this, one of the greatest films of all time.  Was there really a changing aspect ratio?  I couldn't tell, which may be the point.  I almost didn't watch the DVD because it was not in wide screen, but even a wide screen fantatic has to accept a great video  experience.<br />Kubrick directed the first three really great science fiction  films.  All previous sf films, however beloved, require a little bit of a  blush and shuffling of feet.  Strangelove/2001/Orange do not.
B00001QGPR|5.0|For a long time now, David Bowie has been seen as a great, almost mythological musical icon in our time, yet a man that we no little of as a human being.  Throughout the album, it seems we are getting a sense of the  true nature of this man.    As this album is very retrospective,  introspective and autobiographic, one gets a sense that Bowie is not  singing to us the audience, but to himself.  As such, the emotions in his  voice and the melancholic nature of the music style are as true as they  come.  If you really want a startle, listen to &quot;When I Live My  Dream,&quot; (Track 26 on the Deram Anthology) and then &quot;If I'm  Dreaming all My Life,&quot; from this album.  When together, they make  light of a spiritually jarring emotional dilemna that the songwriter is  currently going through.  It is as if he is asking us whether or not his  life has been nothing but illusions and fake dreams.  No, David, be glad.   You've led a very productive and wonderful life.  Keep making great music!
B000002GFT|5.0|This has often been called the finest folk-rock record ever made. With every reason. Here Fairport Convention miraculously managed not only to create and define a whole new genre, but also set a standard which no-one  would ever reach again, themselves included. Sandy Denny's vulnerable and  majestic vocals are totally bewitching, the band plays as if the devil  himself is breathing down their necks. Everything about this record is  magic (although the crummy cd-cover does little justice to the splendid  original).
0679720200|4.0|I had to read The Stranger by Albert Camus for my IB English class. Our teacher told us that it would be somewhat boring, but to his contrary it was not boring at all!    I started reading it, and to tell you truth, I  thought it was boring. I mean who wants to read about a man who is not  going to show any type of emotion. Towards the end of the first part of the  book it started to interest me. I had never read anything that used that  perspective of writing. Through Meursalt, the main character, Camus  displays his feelings toward our society and how it functions. This book is  supposed to be satirical to the way society is .    At the end of the book,  Meursalt and the reader know why the world is the way it is. &quot;I opened  myself up to the gentle indifference of the world.&quot; All together The  Stranger was a good book, that discribed one man's journey into the absurd.
0440219078|3.0|This was a good book.  It took me only about two hour to finished it. I wasn't really into it in the begining but once Jonas became a receiver and begin receiving thing about the past that was when I became hook.  It was weird to think that the people in the community never seen colors and  stuff. Although I was a little disappointed in the ending,the book could  have been a little longer.  I know he reached the outside and all but I'm  not satisfy with it it was to choppy.
0679720200|4.0|I had to read The Stranger by Albert Camus for my IB English class. Our teacher told us that it would be somewhat boring, but to his contrary it was not boring at all!    I started reading it, and to tell you truth, I  thought it was boring. I mean who wants to read about a man who is not  going to show any type of emotion. Towards the end of the first part of the  book it started to interest me. I had never read anything that used that  perspective of writing. Through Meursalt, the main character, Camus  displays his feelings toward our society and how it functions. This book is  supposed to be satirical to the way society is .    At the end of the book,  Meursalt and the reader know why the world is the way it is. &quot;I opened  myself up to the gentle indifference of the world.&quot; All together The  Stranger was a good book, that discribed one man's journey into the absurd.
B000002V07|2.0|I bought this cd because I love the song, &quot;Fade Into You,&quot; and hoped there would be other, similar songs.  Instead, the rest of the album drags, the lyrics are monotonous and hard to understand, and the mood is  downright spooky. Hope Sandoval has a beautiful,unusual voice, but she  could use some better material.
B000007ODM|3.0|For an album to recieve 5 stars, I think it should at least present something unique and original to the music scene. Era can basically be summed up as a cross between Adiemus and early Enigma works - nothing more,  nothing less. &quot;Ameno&quot; and &quot;Mother&quot; sound like direct  take-off's of Enigma's MCMXC a.D. album while &quot;Avemano&quot; sounds  like a direct take-off of an Adiemus album. If you want proof, simply go to  Enigma &quot;MCMXC a.D.&quot; and click the sound samples, then go to  Adiemus &quot;Songs of Sanctuary&quot; and do the same. In fact, when read  the bio on the back of the promo copy of this cd at a record shop I used to  work at, it compared it to both of these bands yet I feel it hardly lives  up to neither. Don't get me wrong ... I've heard far worse attempts at this  sound, but upon listening to Era for the first time I was quite unimpressed  considering it was all the same stuff I've heard before making this album  seem a bit too commercial and insincere. <br />I'm not saying one shouldn't  buy Era. I'm simply saying you're better off spending your money on Enigma  or Adiemus first for a more &quot;authentic&quot; sound and a more mystical  experience before purchasing Era.
0060977493|3.0|I have never felt so ambivalent about a book before. Located somewhere between Greek tragedy and oil paintings of large-eyed sad children, this ornate &amp; carefully constructed saga was such an agonizing read that at  times I wanted to put it down without finishing it. The unbearably lovable  child protagonists fall prey to every evil from colonialism to sex abuse to  petty family dysfunction. In the end, I could not decide if I'd been  shamelessly manipulated or artfully moved.
0792151712|1.0|THIS MOVIE JUST DOESN'T CUT IT.  IT'S A FLOP!  THE ONLY REASON IT DESERVES ANY RAVE REVIEWS IS FOR THE VISUAL EFFECTS, AND THAT'S ABOUT IT.  BUT HEY, IF YOU WANT TO SEE ANOTHER MOVIE WITH EXCELLENT VISUAL EFFECTS THEN JUST GO  SEE ARMAGEDDON OR GODZILLA!  THOSE ARE FAR MUCH BETTER FILMS THAN THIS  PARODY OF A MOVIE.<br />THE ROMANCE DOESN'T MOVE YOU.<br />THE ACTORS DON'T MOVE  YOU.<br />THE STORYLINE DOES NOT MOVE YOU.<br />THE ONLY WAY YOU CAN FEEL ANY  SORT OF EMOTION FOR THIS THING IS IF YOU ARE A LEONARDO-CRAZED 12 YR OLD  PRISSY GIRL.  NO MORON WITH ATLEAST HALF A BRAIN WILL WASTE 5 MINUTES OF  HIS/HER TIME WATCHING THIS GARBAGE.<br />AND FOR THE VERY FEW OF YOU WHO  HAVEN'T YET SEEN TITANIC...<br />I MUST CONGRATULATE YOU.  YOU ARE THE MOST  INTELLIGENT BEINGS IN THE PLANET.<br />AS A FINAL CONCLUSION...<br />DON'T GO SEE  IT. PLEAASSSSSEEEEE!
B000002Z71|5.0|The pairing of Gene Clark &amp; Carla Olson was their idea not mine. Bauldie's dislike for their resulting collaboration is at odds with most listeners. Gene's originals, Gypsy Rider, Why Did You Leave Me Today, and  Del Gato, are slow but gorgeous BALLADS - Hot Burrito, Don't It Make You  Want To Go Home, and Almost Saturday Night are moving, lively, and even  fun! The whole album is even more emotion packed in the light of Gene's sad  demise.<br />John- relax, have a glass of wine and listen again.
B00004LN16|4.0|In this age of watered down, image-based rock and roll, it seems that AC/DC comes along just in time to save us Rock fans from drowning. While many of the tracks in Stiff Upper Lip are quite repetitious: Safe In NYC,  Cant Stop R&amp;R...we don't buy an AC/DC album for the lyrics, we buy them  for the bone crunching riffs and thunderous beats. If you liked  Powerage/Ballbreaker...you'll love Stiff Upper Lip.
0812551508|3.0|This age old novel Frankenstein was simply superb.  The story's plot united three exciting elements: horror, action, and romance.  Mary Shelly did a spectacular job on this one.  This novel kept the reading light on  all night and into the early hours of the morning.  I was pleased to find  excitement on every page.  I strongly recommend this book to anyone who  likes a good story, but has patience.  I mean you must get through the  beginning of the book to get to the interesting parts.  Trust me it's worth  it.  Doctor Frankenstein actually created an artificial life form in  a laboratory.  We someday might be able to do this.  The question this book  made me think of is what would happen?  Frankenstein created a thing that  was supposed to be so good, but turned out to be so bad.  This book was a  real thriller.
6304366086|5.0|&quot;Grand Prix&quot; is the finest racing movie ever produced.  The story involves the pursuit of the Formula 1 World Championship by four men:  Jean-Pierre Sarti (Yves Montand), an aging former champion who grows weary  from the acute physical demands of the sport and team politics; Nino  Barlini (Antonio Sabato), a brash, fearless young lion; Scott Stoddard  (Brian Bedford), a man broken in body yet driven to match the legacy of his  deceased brother; and Pete Aron (James Garner), a stoic, pragmatic American  fighting to restore a faltering career.  The Ferrari Team Manager comments  during the film, &quot;Everyone wants to win...there is no distinction in  that.&quot;  What distinguishes these four men from others is the sheer  force of will each exhibits to overcome his personal demons and to achieve  his final destiny.<br />The drama unfolds amidst many of the great racing  circuits of Europe...the narrow, twisting streets of Monte Carlo; the  rain-slickened expanse of Spa; and the tortuous, high, concrete banks of  Monza.  John Frankenheimer's inventive split-screen imaging and on-board  cameras put you inside the cockpit where you sense the raw power and  road-pounding vibrations from these sleek racing machines.  You are at once  deafened by the high-pitched whine of superbly tuned engines as they roar  off the starting grid...and then mesmerized by Maurice Jarre's soft,  eloquent musical score set to compelling visual images of cars rising,  falling, and turning through the racing circuit in a ballet of speed,  grace, and beauty.  I agree with an earlier review that DVD would  materially enhance the appeal of this production and I sincerely hope DVD  will be forthcoming.  Regardless, &quot;Grand Prix&quot; will forever serve  as the quintessential racing movie.
6305095566|5.0|can you show pictures of two couples having sex
B000001FDK|5.0|I have loved this since I was 7 years old when the movie came out - now instead of listening to the records over &amp; over I have the CD. I'll never get tired of it.
B00004LN16|5.0|The 90s were a sad time for rock &amp; roll, all things considered. First we had the &quot;grunge revolution&quot;, which opened the door for depressed-sounding, whiny, talentless garage bands to take over the music  industry; then in the late 90s, rap-influenced metal acts - still  untalented, but in a different style - such as Limp Bizkit and Korn started  to gain popularity. For years, the airwaves were swamped with grungy,  downbeat, stale-sounding dreck.<br />Now, AC/DC have returned to remind us of  what real rock &amp; roll is all about. The new album doesn't have the raw,  gutsy feel to it that &quot;Back In Black&quot; has, and it doesn't have  any supercharged, crank-the-volume metal anthems like  &quot;Thunderstruck&quot;, but it's great nonetheless. &quot;Stiff Upper  Lip&quot; is an album that shows what talented musicians can come up with  in their coffee break, and it certainly leaves the dreary &quot;rock&quot;  of the 90s for dead. <br />Let's hope that &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; heralds  a new popular music renaissance, so we can just forget that the 90s ever  happened, and start listening to good music again.
B000002GLE|5.0|this was Sting at his Peak.who Knew that he would fall off so badly? but on this Disc he&amp;The Band Groove.this was the Best Group that he ever had.WIth Bradford in the Band Sting had it all.he hasn't been the same  since.he has gone Sappy.but on this Set he was Rockin'.very strong Live.
B000002JR8|5.0|This is Pantera's absolute best CD, without a doubt. The best songs are &quot;Strength Beyond Strength&quot;,Shedding Skin, Becoming, 5 minutes alone. Dimebag's best guitar playing yet. I've had this CD for about 4  years now and it still kicks from the day that I got it. Dimebag has been  one of my main inspirations in my guitar playing. I would recommend this CD  to anyone that listens to metal. I would give this CD 5,000 stars if I  could. I do'nt think there's any other metal band out there that can top  this CD.
B000000WF0|1.0|Bitter Sweet Symphony was a great cut.but after that it's down hill.much like the New Radicals they sound Like a 2nd to 3rd tier Rolling Stones Lounge Band.very early Mick&amp;Keith Vibe.but they don't go anywhere with  the what they started.
B00003IPFK|2.0|I still believe that Lonesome Dove represents some of the finest work Robert Duval and Tommy Lee Jones have ever done.  The supporting cast is superb...but.<br />This is simply a very bad transfer to DVD.  Everything is a  little pink.  At first I thought Duval was a little sunburned, then I  thought, sure maybe Tommy Lee Jones too.  Then when Danny Glover looked  sunburned I got a little suspicious.  Then I noticed the buildings and  horses and trees looked a little sunburned.<br />The result is very, very  distracting.  This disc should be recalled and a new correct transfer  should be redistributed.  Don't order this DVD until you know that the  problem's been fixed.
B0000033OT|4.0|Donny Hathaway was a Musical Genius and true SoulMan.The Power of His voice&amp;Music made you take Notice.this disc is Good&amp;Solid.The Ghetto is timeless.You Here the truth in his voice.this is what Soul Music used to  Be.
B000002NZO|4.0|just kidding, of course it doesn't rock but it is uniquely lovely as are most genesis records. for some reason i find this more haunting than the others although selling england and the lamb are probably better overall.  it is great to hear tony on just the piano and organ without all the later  ornamentation and peter's reverbed flute sounds beautiful, especially  stagnation. also the group vocals on dusk are something they didn't seem to  do that much but it sounds great here. <br /> it's a simpler record than  others (nursery, foxtrot) and it works. a personal favorite.
B000002LND|2.0|the songs are catchy.and owe more to the Production than her NON-SInging self.she sounds Horrible.the songs are good though.She is one of the Most Overrated SIngers ever.the Mixes on this disc don't help her voice.if i  could i'd give her a 1 1/2.she is just a Brillant Market Maker.
B000002J2B|3.0|then you proably already know what you think, but regardless...let's just say that this record will turn your testosterone into puddle water and your genitals into dry husks. being a fan i love it however although it must be  listened to either completely alone or with very forgiving company due to  the fact that you run the risk of getting very beaten up by any even  vaguely punk friends you may have. <br />tony banks does write some great  melodies although they have absolutely nothing to do with rock and roll.  this is for those truly indulgent moments when 'pretty' is what you crave,  what you need! this may be the wussiest album ever, it ruined my youth but  i forgive it.
0385484518|4.0|Human relationships have been reduced to quick e-mails, pages, and voice messages. While technology develops convenient means for contacting people, the personal contact that comes through letters and one-on-one visits seems  to vanish.  These basic human needs, love and human contact, according to  Morrie Schwartz, are often forgotten among the material demands of our  culture.  Through Tuesday's With Morrie readers follows Mitch Albom, a  successful sports writer, as he reunites with college professor Morrie  Schwartz.  Suffering from a debilitating and fatal disease, Morrie has only  a few months left to his life.  This reunion sparks what the two refer to  as Morrie's last class.  Instead of allowing the disease to overcome him  mentally, Morrie reflects on his life, sharing the knowledge and experience  of his years with anyone willing to listen.   Mitch and Morrie meet on  Tuesday afternoons to discuss life's most perplexing questions.  Through  this interaction readers come to know Morrie as an extremely wise and  loving man.  Eavesdropping on the conversations, readers hear insightful  commentary on questions involving marriage, death, and the meaning of life.   Morrie's emphasis on the basic requirements for human happiness such as  nature, love, physical contact, shakes readers into evaluating their life.   Even in his last moments, Morrie is a teacher offering suggestions to any  students willing to open their minds and question their way of life.  As  with any lesson, this book only gives suggestions; it ultimately remains  the reader's responsibility to act on this advice.
B000000OF6|5.0|Hollywood Records goofed big-time when they bought Queen's back-catalogue.  Instead of simply staying true to form and releasing this compilation (the original BRITISH hits collections) straight away, they chose to do their  own thing and release Classic Queen and their own 'Greatest Hits', both of  which are poorly sequenced and feature an inferior selection of tracks.<br />   As for this compilation?  If you are just itching to dip your feet in the  world of Queen, this is definitley the first selection you should buy.  It  features hits from every single album they've put out save their first  (Keep yourself Alive is missing, but it's a minor flaw).  Disc one contains  tracks that most people should recognize right away, from their most famous  (Bohemian Rhapsody) to their biggest chart hits (Crazy Lil Thing Called  Love, Another One Bites the Dust) to their early hits (Killer Queen, Seven  Seas of Rhye).  This is the disc most people will turn to first and more  often, but there's so much more..<br />  Disc 2 is the real treasure here.   The only song most people in the US will know is 'Under Pressure' and  possibly 'Radio Ga-Ga'.  But disc 2 captures Queen at their greatest, in my  opinion.  Their early days were fun, yes, but their later days found Queen  simply getting better and better, most notably Brain May, his guitar work  is light-years ahead of his early material.  Songs like 'I want it All' and  'The Invisible Man' demonstrate just what a fantastic axeman this guy was  (as opposed to the effects-wizard of his early years).  'Innuendo' shows  that Queen still feels that 'Bohemian Rhapsody' vibe.  In short, for people  who think Queen vanished after their album 'The Game' (read: people in  America) disc 2 is a real eye-opener.<br />  Greatest Hits I and II is bar  none, the best introduction to one of the greatest bands in history.  Don't  bother with the other Hollywood Records slop (Classic Queen, GH, Rocks,  etc) unless you just have to have everything.  An added bonus are some  fantastic liner notes.
B000003S5H|5.0|combine this album, some candles, some privacy and some slow delicious kisses, and there is not a woman in the world that won't just melt into the arms of her man.
B000002L99|4.0|Van Hagar.. the term given to the Sammy Hagar era of Van Halen.  Most people associate it with such pop jingles as Right Now and Can't Stop Lovin You.  This album, however, captures the Van Hagar era at it's most wild and  unrestrained. (Much like.. the Dave era.. considering he actually wrote a  good deal of the material here).  <br />  This album has it's weak spots,  however.  Hagar isn't Roth, and when he tries to imitate him (Get Up, Good  Enough) he just doesn't sound right.  But on the poppier songs (Why Can't  This Be Love, Dreams, Love Walks In, and the excellent title track ) Hagar  is solidly finding his footing with the band.  Edward and the band sound  excited and invigoriated throughout the recording, as well, even if the  guitar is a lil heavy on the Whammy-bar.<br />  5150 is the Hagar album most  Dave fans can get into.  But OU812 was Van Hagar at their finest.
B00004LN16|5.0|THIS IS WHAT ITS ALL ABOUT PEOPLE, NO KEYBOARDS, NO LOOPS, NO ELECTRONICS, JUST PLAIN SIMPLE BLUES BASED HARD ROCK N ROLL. ONLY ACDC CAN DO THIS WITH THE GREATEST OF EASE AND SUCCESS, ACDC HAS AND NEVER WILL  &quot;SELL-OUT&quot; THEY WILL KEEP PUTTING OUT HARD ROCK ALBUMS UNTIL  DEATH AND WILL KEEP GIVING THE PEOPLE STIFF UPPER LIPS, NOTEABLE TRAX:  DAMNED, MELTDOWN,HOUSE OF JAZZ AND TITLE TRACK, HARNESSING THE FORMULA THAT  MADE THEM FAMOUS ON BACK IN BLACK.
B000002GIE|3.0|But it's a debut from a band that is just a little bit different than most.  Extreme just wanted to do their own thing, each album they put out was vastly different from the one preceding it.  This is their first album,  and at first listen, sounds like your average 80's rock band.  There's much  more to them, however, and amid the slick production and the Eddie Van  Halen tributes given by Nuno Bettencourt in his infancy, there's some great  lyrics, hard rockers, and touching ballads to be found here.<br />  This album  sags in the middle somewhat, Teacher's Pet and Smoke Signals are slightly  boneheaded throwaways, however, each (especially the latter)contains  fantastic instrumental work to make even the lackluster tracks on this  album worth a listen.<br />  Rock a Bye, Bye and Watching, Waiting demonstrate  just how poignant, spiritual, and touching this band could get.  The former  contains a chilling guitar instrumental.  You can almost hear the 'silent  screams'.  'Play with Me' and 'Mutha' are two of Extreme's early-best.  <br />   Need be said, the one weakness on this album is Cherone, who is still  finding his voice and doesn't settle into a comfortable style.  This album  is worth a pickup, but it's not one to start with.  It's uneven, but the  blistering guitar work makes up for it.
0060930187|5.0|sylvia plath is my hero! the bell jar is a classic tale of her alter ego, esther greenwood's, downward spiral into the dizzy world of insanity. plath pulls you in with the first sentence and never lets you go. i honestly cant  emphasize how much i adored this book - plath makes fashion, sex, and NYC  seem trivial and suicide sound glamourous. this book made me laugh, cry,  dance, sing, and want to change the world. your life isnt complete until  you read this book.
B000000OU0|5.0|I waited half my life for this band to reunite -- they finally did it, and in a BIG WAY, playing to sold out concerts halls in the early nineties.<br />HELL FREEZES OVER gives us all what we expected from one of the music  world's best known, most played and dearly loved bands.  The Eagles' songs  defined growing up for many of us, and you will easily remember the words  to all the songs on this great cd.  The live version of HOTEL CALIFORNIA  brings their instrumental talent to center stage, and even their new  release, LOVE WILL KEEP US ALIVE, became a hit once people became excited  about the reunion.<br />If you've loved the Eagles since their Hotel  California days, then this CD is a must have.  And if you never gave them a  listen, get this collection as a great starting point!
0679721037|1.0|This book put me to sleep everytime I read it. I am sorry but this book had no climax or anything that would reach out and grip you. I would not recommened it.
B0000026VZ|5.0|Being a long time Toto fan, I was thrilled when this greatest hits CD was released.  I play the well-known favorites like Africa, Rosanna, and Hold the Line, but it's the lesser known tunes that had me hooked from the days  they were first released:  99, I Won't Hold You Back, I'll Be Over  You...These were songs to really listen to and love.  Their lyrics and  music made Toto one of the 80's most talented bands.
B00003CXBK|4.0|Miyazaki's epic, Mononoke Hime is a wonderful work of filmmaking.  The story and imagery are masterful.  I only lament that it appears this DVD release will have only an English audio track.  I crave the original  voices!
B000007R1M|5.0|Among the albums recorded by Kraftwerk, this is surely my favourite one: it's simple and at the same time it has the hallmark of real genius. I have both the English and the German version. I am always touched when I listen  to the icy beauty of &quot;The Robots/Die Roboter&quot;. It's a stimulating  food for your brain, if you like highly intellectualised (and enjoyable)  music!
B00001U0DP|5.0|Mr. Roberto Benigni has surpassed all his other movies.  I have seen most of his features including: Johnny Stechino, The Monster and a cameo appearance when he attempts to make a confession to a priest who has  expired in his cab without his knowledge. He and his wife, Nicoletta, have  made a memorable film which you want to see over and over. They have a  chemistry like Hanks &amp; Ryan.  Several scenes from Life is Beautiful are  worth mentioning.  The following scenes particularly are remembered: 1) The  insensitivity of the German Doctor, who is only interested in riddles while  death and suffering is all around him.  2)  How all the German children  were taught to speak Italian which saved his son from detection 3)How  Roberto managed to convince his son that what was taking place in a  terrible and horrible confinement was a game and a challenge. A happy, sad,  tragic and moving story masterfully done by a genius.  Don't miss it!
6305718954|1.0|Leaving the cinema after this film was one of the rare occassions when I have felt really bitter, and cheated out of my hard-earned cash. I had been looking forward to this film, but felt it plagiarised rather more than  going it's own way, the Exorcist being a note-worthy victim of this.   In  conclusion, I wasted 2 hours of my life on this rubbish - don't bother!  Life's too short!
B00003A9QI|5.0|VERY BEAUTIFUL, MY COLLECTION IS ENHANCED BY THIS CD, I LISTEN TO IT OVER AND OVER, IT BRINGS ME PEACE OF MIND.  MICHELE MINARD-FINLEY
B00002MZ4W|3.0|Why has poor angst-ridden Fiona got younger with age. Tidal was the outpourings of a wise woman encaptured in a childs frame, making it all the more mesmerizing...this and the hypnotic blend of instrumental warmth and  clarity, beatifully mixed with Fiona's soothing yet unorthodox vocal  performance. Don't get me wrong 'When the pawn..' is a great album, but  it's so lyrically filled with concisely presented bitterness it just leaves  me asking what has affected this girl so deeply. (...and don't start  banging on about what happened when she was 12 ..i know!). Here though she  tries too hard to be mainstream...it's so..it's so...&quot;Songy&quot;.  It's all verse, chorus, verse, chorus, chorus. She's not oasis (i'm not  sure that they are any more) or Britney so why try to be?  On the bound is  the only track that shows her musical brilliance here, everything else is  so limited.....but i'll admit it...I Love It...doesn't mean to say i don't  want the old Fiona back though.  P.S. - This girl should be collaborating  with DJ Shadow ... any comments?...come back to me.
B000031XCR|5.0|THIS CD IS PRICELESS, HER SINGING IS A TRUE BLESSING, WORTH EVERY PENNY
630575067X|5.0|This movie expands on the Univers of the Old, but yet to come, Star Wars Episodes. As it was meant to. It was part of a whole..a whole that is not yet whole. It starts out well...with introductions, with the meeting of new  and old characters. Yet even the old characters are new to us in this  film.<BR><BR> The settings are wonderful..the graphics could use some work  in meshing and melding with the real characters..but otherwise they were  very well done.<BR><BR> The plot is there...if you are of a mind to see it.  It appears that a lot cannot..or are blind to it..or wish to see one to  their liking.<BR><BR> I enjoyed the plot..and the base it set for this  film, and the films that will come because of The Phantom Menace, Star Wars  Episode 1.<BR><BR> Overall..it had a few annoying, perhaps offensive parts  in the movie..yet it was a wonderfully done story. With rich history,  future and body.<BR><BR> See it, and make up your own mind.<br />       -Jeff,  Giving Star Wars Episode 1, 5 Stars
6303327982|5.0|I just must say that all you people who blame killings and serial killers on movies need to take a long look at our society outside of movies first. Natural born Killers is one of the most unique and eye opening movies I've  ever seen.    Also Oliver Stone is most likely the greatest director of all  time.   The movie isn't meant to glorify violence. It only shows how  screwed our culture is.   Also, to you folks who put us folks down for  liking Mickey and Malorie. Just because we like two killers with  personalities doesn't mean that we are gonna go out there and kill people.
B00004LN16|5.0|It's great to hear these guys again after 5 long years.  Brian and Angus are at it again!  Who said these guys are too old?  Top cuts include the title track, &quot;Give It Up&quot;, &quot;Satellite Blues&quot;. and  &quot;Meltdown.&quot;  With George Young producing, the sound is a lot  rawer and blusier than past efforts.  An excellent album-even though radio  will ignore most of it!
0312243022|2.0|This book was ok, if you like this sort of thing.  But why read ABOUT Virginia Woolf when you can READ Virginia Woolf?  Michael Cunningham is like the Puff Daddy of the literary world, simply by borrowing an idea from  a literary genius and twisting it into his own tale.  Skip it.  Read Mrs.  Dalloway.
0964385619|1.0|I had high expectations for this.  Presents nothing new.  Poorly writte
B000046PVN|5.0|I have been a John Williams admirer for many years.  This is definitly one of his master pieces.  The complete soundtrack along with alternate tracks is a fantastic way of remembering that the magic of this soundtrack is that  it stands so well on its own as fantastic music.  I too had the original  soundtrack and was not happy with it being so incomplete.  Finally a  comprehensive look at the beauty of this great music to a great movie.
B00000K3G8|5.0|I saw Talking Heads on the Speaking in Tongues  tour, most likely a few months before the film was shot. That concert had a number of similarities to the Stop Making Sense performance captured on film (and audio), and it  remains, for obvious reasons, probably the best concert I've ever seen. I  saw the Stop Making Sense movie in 1986, and bought my first CD player a  couple of months later. The original release of this CD was one of the  first 2 or 3 I bought, and to this day it remains as one of the discs I  keep in my portable wallet for listening in my car. I was disappointed from  day one that &quot;This Must be the Place&quot; and &quot;Crosseyed and  Painless&quot; were not on the original Stop Making Sense CD. These are  perhaps my two favorite Talking Heads songs, and the live versions really  are something special. Needless to say, I'm delighted at the re-release,  which includes both of these songs, as well as &quot;Making Flippy  Floppy&quot; and &quot;Heaven,&quot; two other great live recordings. I  agree with the reviewer below -- the Tom Tom Club song could have been  easily omitted. That bit certainly hasn't aged well. &quot;I Zimbra&quot;  would have been a much better choice for the re-release. However, this is  on the whole one of the great live albums ever, and well worth the upgrade  if you already have the original version.
B000046PVN|5.0|I have been a John Williams admirer for many years.  This is definitly one of his master pieces.  The complete soundtrack along with alternate tracks is a fantastic way of remembering that the magic of this soundtrack is that  it stands so well on its own as fantastic music.  I too had the original  soundtrack and was not happy with it being so incomplete.  Finally a  comprehensive look at the beauty of this great music to a great movie.
B000002GYG|4.0|This is a refreshing Tom Waits CD.  Tom tells a lot of jokes in this recording and the audience responds well! A lot of good beatnik-style, talking-type songs on here as well!
B000002UAO|5.0|It's a great album, recorded when Beatlemania waned and the group retreated to the studio.<br /><br />Beware of cheap knockoffs.  If the price is dirt cheap there is a reason for it.  Only buy from Amazon or a big box store.
B0000028RR|1.0|Horrible communist rock album by political activists turned musicians. This self-titled debut is best seen and not heard. And if you plan on hearing them, I suggest you wear ear plugs. This is mearly a plea for a  socially acceptible rebellion that ends up being trendy. If you think  watching CHILDREN OF THE CORN is what turns your kids against you, think  again.
0780628551|1.0|This movie didn't do a thing for me, the plot was stupid, no special effects, and wooden acting. It adds up to truly one of the worst movies I've ever seen!
B000002N2Z|1.0|While bands like Marilyn Manson, KoRn, and Limp Bizkit were taking all the credit for founding the roots of '90's trend heavy metal, this band was somehow lost in the translation. And it's not hard to see why. While this  band is a lot better structured than most of it's kind, this album is a  poor debut that fails to put forth anything familiar or decent.
6302548195|5.0|this is a true motivational masterpeice!  arnold and his best, in physique and in personality.  this is about true dedication and competitivness.  these men gave thier lives to a sport that has totally lost its appeal due  to the freaky physiques of today.
B000002NIW|1.0|Hard rockers are back with a new album full of the same undistinguishable songs. The album's big single &quot;Shove It&quot; is a great heavy metal song in it's own right, but the rest of the album crumbles under the  pressure of that one hit. Not much potential any way you look at it.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I found this album to be exceptional, and I know it is hard to find an album as good as this one, since it has an ultimate dance party for the listener. If you love to get up and dance, as well as play around, Moby  does it in his &quot;Play&quot; album, a must have!
B00003CWPR|5.0|I think a lot of people were bothered by this film not because of any actual flaws in the filmmaking- far from it, the film is visually stunning, with incredible use of light and color, well-acted and innovative editing  and use of sound,  and just the right amount of dramatic tension to make  the point.    The film's plot revolves around a successful, imperfect, unsaintly yet decent doctor going to the depths of his own psyche, broken yet capable of real healing and  renewal of his basic underlying humanity. Some viewers were bothered because, instead of going to outer space or the depraved streets of a violent,  futuristic world, this last opus of remarkable Stanley Kubrick went instead  to a previously uncharted territory- that of the human soul.    A man who  never \\"sold out\\", who never bowed to peer pressure to conform, or  mold his vision to suit the status-quo expectations of Hollywood, would  naturally be drawn to exploring the psyche of a man and his wife whose  marriage is in serious danger from forces both within and ouside them. The  dramatic tension dissipates only after the young doctor confronts his own  demons and opens up to his wife, at the sight of the lost mask on his  pillow next to her in the wee morning hours.    The shadowy, sex-centered  masquerade debacle at the opulent mansion is no different in principle than  the carefree party at the home of one of the masquerade guests' mansion.  Casual, meaningless liasons are the order of the night and the host is  caught nearly with his pants down with the hapless prostitute who has  passed out from the glossed over brutality at the hands of her client.    Games are played only with permission in such a world as Kubrick portrays  in Eyes Wide Shut, a world peopled with those who use power and money to  control the less agressive, and whomsoever wants to play must play their  rules, not their own. Kubrick's legacy is that of a man who refused to play  by anyone's rules but his own, and whose insight,vision and cinematic  genius survived the games and threats. To be your own man in such a world  is not something to take for granted, as hard as that may be for some to  understand.
B000000H66|5.0|this is one awesome blast wave. it will make you feel like you have been suplexed by tazz of the wwf
B00000BKE1|5.0|iron maiden cleaned their act up a tiny bit on this album, getting into issues and straying from satanism. they did great
0780021967|4.0|OKAY NOW,THIS IS A HITCHCOCK FILM..WHEN I BOUGHT THE CRITERION EDITION OF THE 39 STEPS, I WAS REALLY EXPECTING A MOVIE LIKE NORTH BY NORTHWEST..39 STEPS IS FOR SURE AN EARLY HITCH CLASSIC AND I WOULD RECOMMEND YOU THE  LASERLIGHT ONE BECAUSE OF IT'S FAIR PRICE (I HAVEN'T SEEN THAT EDITION BUT  I HAVE LASERLIGHT'S THE LADY VANISHES  AND THE AUDIO + VIDEO ARE OKAY), BUT  IF YOU ARE A REAL FAN OF THIS MOVIE OR THE DIRECTOR OR IF YOU ARE EAGER TO  HAVE THE SUPPLEMENTS, GET THIS DISC..(BY THE WAY THE AUDIO IS PERFECT IN  THE CRITERION ONE).
6300215717|5.0|It is a wonderful movie worth seeing for its story, acting and location....
0425170349|1.0|I am glad that I finished Rainbow Six.<br /> The story is simple: An american-british special operations outfit, with two NATO and one Israeli alibi members, &quot;zaps&quot; incompetent terrorists in European  countries.     Only with more grueling gore and technical detail than in  the statement above.<br /> Then there is that Eco-terrorist conspiracy by some  gene-splicing geniuses and their likewise ecologically indoctrinated  co-believers. Nice idea, bad execution.<br /> Previous Clancy books had me  hooked as to their outcome and to the twists Clancy could apply to the  storyline. This one I was glad I had finished.<br /> Even the rants about  Eco-activists, vegans and feminists were boring after the first few. It is  only symptomatic that female characters on the good side are either  physicians/nurses or moms/grandmoms.
B00000DGUG|5.0|DEAR ALANIS,I THINK THAT YOUR ALBUM IS BETTER THAN THE &quot;1ST&quot; ONE. IT SHOWS THAT YOU ARE MORE THAN A ONE HIT ARTIST. IT IS A PITY THAT PEOPLE COMPAIR THIS ONE TO &quot;JAGGED LITTLE PILL&quot; WHICH YOU COULD  HAVE REPRODUCED AGAIN, ALL TOO EASILLY. YOU JUST GET BETTER AND BETTER,  LIKE WINE! NATALIE IMBRUGLIA, YOU'VE NO CHANCE!
B00000DGUG|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS SIMPLY AMAZING!  IT WOULD HAVE BEEN ALL TO EASY TO RECREATE ANOTHER &quot;JAGGED LITTLE PILL&quot; BUT YOU HAVN'T. I BELIEVE THAT THE BEST IS YET TO COME WITH EAGER ANTICIPATION. UR THE BEST!
6305807086|5.0|This was a true masterpiece to see its way through most of the unmemorable fare of last year. A true classic in its own right. The film shows what a true director, screenplay and most importantly a real plot can do when they  all join forces for the power of good.
6302516919|5.0|I always loved Stephen King's movies and books. This is the best movie I had ever seen ! I's almost as good as the book. The movie is about a young gue who get's a car of his dreams. What he doesn't know is that the car is  alive and filled with rage !   Horror fans you must see this movie !
1558908455|5.0|This is a must-see movie ! Tiered of those boaring classic vampire movies - like Dracula. Then here is one for you, it a great combination of - action,  comedy and non-stopping horror. This movie has great realistic  visual effects. There is now &quot;Dust till Dawn&quot; 2 and 3, trust me  the fist movie is the best. If you are in the mood for a scary, violent and  fun movie, then &quot;Duat till Dawn&quot; is for you !
1558908455|5.0|I think this movie is a must see ! It's a great combination of - horror, action and comedy. The movie will keep you in suspense, with it's very  realistic visual effects. There is now Duat till dawn 2 and 3, trust me the  firt one is the best one. Tiered of boring classic vampire movies like  Dracula, want something violent, scary and fun - then this movie is for you  !
1558908455|5.0|I think this movie is a must see ! It's a great combination of - horror, action and comedy. The movie will keep you in suspense, with it's very  realistic visual effects. There is now Duat till dawn 2 and 3, trust me the  firt one is the best one. Tiered of boring classic vampire movies like  Dracula, want something violent, scary and fun - then this movie is for you  !
0316926345|5.0|The most melancholic and beautiful book I've ever read. It sumerges you in a lost world and makes you miss an innocent age, a younger world where persons where so close while the storm was outside. With a depth sense of  humor, Waugh tells the details of a perfect world that the characters lose  and you spent the rest of the book missing it while you can feel you're  growing, with the subsequent sense of desilution and apathy, at the same  time the characters do. And the end you can feel that the good times are  not coming back, but they were good, aren't they?. If at least there was a  Sebastian in our life, we can remember him.
B00001P4RI|5.0|I have heard, but never purchased a DCD disc, so I was very pleasantly surprised by Brendan's voice.  (A little reminicent of Jim Morrison or Greg Lake at their best)  This is definately a mood piece, but what a delicious  depression!  Try listening in total dark.  This one just might lower your  blood pressure.
B00004LN16|5.0|Well, after waiting 5 LONG years for this to finally come out, I must say it was worth it.. I just bought this CD tonight, and have played it through a couple times, and I am impressed!  Ac/DC can keep putting out great music  after all these years!   I have been a fan since.. Dirty Deeds, WAY back in  1976.. Yea, I just dated myself...*L*  But, as a lifelong fan, I must say  this is one of there better albums, they still use the SAME 4 chords, but  hey, like the title says, if it ain't broke.. Don't fix it!
B00000JJQK|5.0|Well in case the hourdes of 5 star reviews weren't enough for you...the best thing I can tell you is that the album is beautiful.  Every song is as good as the next.  This album overshadows everything the Beatles ever did  without exception. This is a lot to claim but it just takes one listen to  &quot;That's Not Me&quot; or &quot;I just wasn't made for these times&quot;  and you feel like you're relating to Brian Wilson on a level that you just  can't find anywhere else in music.  You really feel as though you  understand him and he understands you as he sings.  Pet Sounds is something  to be experienced.  Expectation might cloud your first experience with the  album but don't give up on it just let it go a few times and I promise you  that you'll be hooked like I am.  I'm a young Beach Boys fan (19) and this  album made me appreciate a band that I never knew had anything interesting  to offer me...little did I knew that Pet Sounds isn't the only thing they  have to offer.  The Good Vibrations Box Set should be the next thing you  check out...for it has the infamous Smile tracks which I'm certain will  blow you away like they did me...I hope that reading this inspires you to  buy this album...its just too good to go without ever hearing.
B0000042MY|5.0|Truly the most inspiring music I have ever heard.  Every time I listen to it, it takes me away.  The only thing better would be a full length (movie length) on track 6.  It runs through a gamut of emotions from melancholy to  rapture to excitement and sizzle.  It is only too bad that a sequel isn't  really feasible. Anyone notice the similarity between the score from Last  of the Mohicans and the TV version of Cleopatra?  Fabulous CD!
B00004LN16|4.0|One look at the cover and you know that good old fashioned rock 'n roll is alive and well and sounds exactly as you remember it. This latest AC/DC is just what the doctor ordered after a four   year absence. I can't think of  anything but cliches to describe it because the whole thing's a cliche.  With song titles like Can't Stop Rock n Roll and Come and Get it you know  these guys will never grow up. AC/DC won't evolve like Rush or Van Halen,  because they've already perfected their art. This sound is here to stay. I  thought Brian's voice sounded especially good this time around. I also  appreciated the extra bluesy sound of some of the guitar riffs. This a  timeless collection.
0790729628|3.0|I don't care what Ridley Scottsez,I like the original version better! I like thenaration by Harrison Ford.Itgives the movie the feel ofthe old time detective movies.Both versions should be put ona disc! Until then this  willhave to do,I quess. If youhave an L.D. player,you mightbe able to find  a copy of theoriginal. The Criterion Edition is the best.It couldcome to  DVD eventually.
B000001EYW|5.0|I'm sad to say that I first heard of the Bee Gees in November 1998 when they came to South Africa to do their &quot;One Night Only&quot; concert.  Since then I've been a die-heart fan of them.  Early 1999 my dad bought me  the &quot;One Night Only&quot; cd of the show they did in Las Vegas in  1997.  Soon after this I bought the &quot;Still Waters&quot; album and when  I first heard songs like &quot;I Could Not Love You More&quot;, &quot;My  Lover's Prayer&quot; and &quot;I Will&quot;, it almost brought a tear to my  eyes.  This songs is really beatiful but I still think &quot;Paradis&quot;  of the &quot;Living Eyes&quot; album of 1981 is the most beatifulliest  songs in the whole wide world.  My favorites are &quot;Alone&quot;, &quot;I  Could Not Love You More&quot;, &quot;My Lover's Prayer&quot;, &quot;I  Will&quot; and &quot;Miracles Happen.&quot;  I love the funky &quot;I  Surrender&quot; and &quot;With My Eyes Closed.&quot;  Robin really sings of  the truth on &quot;Irresisteble Force&quot; and &quot;Obsessions&quot; are  a little scary but beatiful.  As always, Maurice does his thing on  &quot;Closer Than Close&quot; and the title track, &quot;Still Waters Run  Deep&quot; also tells much truth.  We would almost think that we don't know  the Bee Gees, if we listen to the last song, &quot;Smoke And Mirrors&quot;  which is also beatiful.<br />This is a great comeback album for the Bee Gees  since their 1993 album, &quot;Size Isn't Everything.&quot;   Though they  should've sang more of the tracks from the &quot;Still Waters&quot; album  on the &quot;One Night Only&quot; concerts. <br />I think these three men,  Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb will always be there with their great  melodies and lyrics to fill our hearts with joy and happines.<br />Go Bee  Gees, we all love you.
B00000ILBK|2.0|This is by far the weakestStar Trek movie.Exceptionalspecial effects only help somuch,the story is a bore.Thebig moral question here is: ifit's wrong should we rebel orjust go along with the crowd.The last two Star Trek  moviesfeaturing the Next Generationcast were so very good,thisone is a  crash landing.Eventrekers and trekies are likelyto be disappoited by this  one.Most two-parters from theTV series beat this dog.GALAXY QUEST the  knock-off ofSTAR TREK puts this movie toshame! See it instead. I  knowtrekaholics will have to seefor theirselves.Let's hopethere's something  worthwhile left in the universe for thecrew of the Enterprise to  filmnext,'cause I really like STAR TREK!
B000001FG5|5.0|This is really one of the best albums these three guys ever released.  The tropical &quot;Spirits (Having Flown)&quot; and &quot;I'm Satisfied&quot; are both great.  The ballads &quot;Reachin' Out&quot; and &quot;Stop, Think  Again&quot; are heartbreaking.  You can also dance to this album, thinking  of &quot;Search, Find&quot; and &quot;Living Together.&quot;   &quot;Until&quot; is almost the music you often find in a dream in a movie.   The three biggest hits of the album, &quot;Tragedy&quot;, &quot;Too Much  Heaven&quot; and &quot;Love You Inside Out&quot; are all three also great  songs.  Barry's fallsetto is great on this album and he really reaches  notes that I couldn't believe he could reach.   But hey, after all it's the  &quot;BEE GEES.&quot;<br />This album is really worth buying and a great one  to have in you're collection.
B00000ILBK|2.0|This is by far the weakestStar Trek movie.Exceptionalspecial effects only help somuch,the story is a bore.Thebig moral question here is: ifit's wrong should we rebel orjust go along with the crowd.The last two Star Trek  moviesfeaturing the Next Generationcast were so very good,thisone is a  crash landing.Eventrekers and trekies are likelyto be disappoited by this  one.Most two-parters from theTV series beat this dog.GALAXY QUEST the  knock-off ofSTAR TREK puts this movie toshame! See it instead. I  knowtrekaholics will have to seefor theirselves.Let's hopethere's something  worthwhile left in the universe for thecrew of the Enterprise to  filmnext,'cause I really like STAR TREK!
B000004166|5.0|Arthur Grumiaux's aristocratic style really shines through here.  He does not follow the more romantic style that seems to be very popular these days (check out Perlman and Mutter's recordings) and instead presents the music  as it is intended to be.  Some people may be turned off by this approach to  the music, though, for it makes the music sound somewhat less impressive  and perhaps slightly more dry.  Nevertheless, Mozart's elegant melodies  really sing via Grumiaux's treatment of the music.  The Sinfonia  Concertante is also appropriately performed.  Arthur Grumiaux and Arrigo  Pelliccia (viola) make a wonderful pair as they deliver the music with much  precision and musicianship.  This performance is one of the best that I  have encountered.  The sound quality here is first-rate, especially  considering that this recording was made in the '60s.  Only occasionally do  you hear little scratches (especially prominent in the 2nd concerto).  The  supporting cast is also great; the LSO sounds as full and lively as ever,  perhaps even a bit too &quot;full&quot; for a Mozart performance.  At  mid-price, this double CD is a must buy.  There are competing disks on the  market with similar or identical program, but this set is as strong a  contender as any.
B00000JAD6|5.0|On 2/29, I decided to listen to Muddy Waters. Later in the morning , listened to From the Cradle. What a tremendous tribute that Eric and friends have contributed to our blues heritage. Standing Round Crying ,3rd  degree, 5 long years are done  live , in studio , with heavy, heavy riffs  of guitar,harp. This rivals and surpasses any blues by LED, Cream  or  Yardbirds from the early years. If you do not get this , its your own  fault. (
0679720200|4.0|\\"While others struggle to juggle tricky metaphors, I explore more, to expose the core\\"  The words of rapper, Guru, best describe the writing style of Albert Camus.  The Stranger was written with simple words, and  simple sentences, because the main character, Meursault, is a simple man.   Camus is making a social commentary.  He is telling the reader there is no  god, nothing important beyond life.  Some feel Meursault is complex,  because he does not share the same emotions they do.  These natural human  feelings are complicated, Meursault is not.  It is hard for most readers to  believe Meursault honestly does not care about anything.  They can not  accept a man who is not like them.  Meursault should be accepted as the  person Camus says he is; after all, he made up the man.  The point of the  novel is that there is no more to life than what you see and experience.   The book should be read from the same point of view.  I enjoyed the  book because it was like real life.  Most books are written in a way that  makes them seem far from real, with vocabulary that puts it in a world of  it's own.  In a musical or opera, people sing everything they want to say.   In real life a person would not write a song on the spot to describe their  memories of going to the beach.  While most novels are written like a  musical, The Stranger is real.
0312867123|3.0|A lot attempted but with little results.  I kept looking for the footnotes and perhaps some math formulas.  It seems many Sci-fi writers are creating new genre's these days.  The discipline of the old Sci-fi is a thing of the  past.  But back to the attempts: good arguments  of whether mankind has or  hasn't free will; a leap into the mythical arena of tachyons (energy moving  faster than light); a great metaphor of the Minkowski time cube and thereby  to explain the nature of time!; a primer on subatomic particle accelerators  and their future obsolescence; a hint at the nature of time travel  (although for less than 2 minutes).  Not a small helping on Sawyer's  platter.<br />Unfortunately the author does not take his own web site advice  in writing \\"to show instead of tell\\".  Unmotivated characters spouted large  helpings of real-life physicist Frank Tipler's Omega Point stuffing and I  doubt the author got Tipler's permission to reproduce.  Sawyer could have  at least dedicated the book to Tipler or added him to the acknowledgements.  My biggest problem with the script was too much mixing of real life  physicist's theorizing with Sawyer's own fine speculative fiction.  Such a  technique seems to fling the reader out of the imaginative walls in which  the story is supposed to be taking place. One could argue that it shores up  the believability of the story but the author should rather rely on the  readers \\"suspension of disbelief.\\"
6305718954|5.0|i`ve been watching scary movies since i knew how to touch a vcr. i`ve seen over 2000 horror movies. so when i say something is SCARY its SCARY. and this movie was SCARY. i laughed at the exorcist...but this movie, is  creepy, the acting is beyond comparison. and the effects are too cool. the  part where she is floating but then flips to look in the position of god on  the cross, and when her eyes roll back in her head and she starts talking  in deep voices, those are my favs. this movie deserves 10 stars. so rent it  on video or wait to buy it on VIDEO, because i have a DVD player, and DVD  rules. but WIDESCREEN SUCKS. this is definitly one you WONT regret seeing.  its not too bad for the kids too....being that it has NO LANGUAGE, and NO  NUDITY. just blood. very very cool movie. ENJOY !
0679720200|4.0|Existensialism is the school of thought that all value in life rests in life itself. In other words, your own actions and emotions fulfill your spiritual needs. Religous codes and values hold no meaning to an  existensialist, he or she woulld derive all of their spiritual satisfaction  from simply living life.      Albert Camus' The Stranger is comparable to a  passage in the Bible - the Bible relates tales about people whose stories  have a theme that reflects the Christian ideology. Camus' Stranger is the  tale of a man named Mersault, whose experiences in life reflect Camus'  existensialist ideology.       At the start of the novel Mersault is  passing through life with utter indifference. He is unaffected by such  events as the death of his Mother, brutal beatings, and evenually ends up  committing a homicide himself.      While in jail for this crime, religous  values are continually impressed upon Mersault by judges, chaplains, etc.  He rejects these values with the only passion he shows throughout the whole  novel. He finds his true peace in looking at the stars, listening to the  sounds of the night, and reflecting on pleasures and memories he has lived  in his life. His tale is a simple one, reflective of the existensialist  view of rejection of religon and concentration on the pleasures of life  itself.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This is a great cd with funny lyrics.I liked &quot;Smash&quot; and &quot;Ixnay&quot; better.But, this cd is great too! So I don't think you'll get bored listening to it.But, you might want to listen to it before you  buy it.If you like it BUY IT!
0553573403|4.0|The story was good enough to leave me wanting more!  Even though it is a long book and Martin plans for several more books in the storyline, there are enough subplots to keep one interested.  Needs a bit of editorial work,  though, but not so much that it detracts from the high quality of the book.  This is a book for someone with patience, because it is not an  &quot;easy&quot; read by any means!
0679720200|4.0|When we first started reading &quot;The Stranger&quot; in class our teacher warned us it would be a boring book, but as I read the first half unlike most of my classmates and my teacher I found &quot;The  Stranger&quot; quite interesting. I know someone in my life who is just as  strange as Mersault, the protagonist of this book is and it was quite  interesting to get a first hand view of an unemotional, amoral, apathetic  person. But things got worse when the entire second half of the book turned  out to be a trial description. If there is any type of book I hate, it is  that of a trial description. But however boring the book might be it is one  of the most influential books I have ever read. It is an existentialist  book that views the world as an absurd and indifferent place. The world  according to this book is a &quot;Godless&quot; place where nobody cares  about the people that dwell in it. &quot;The Stranger&quot; is one of the  pioneer books in the genre of existentialist books that deal with the  absurdity of life. In today's materialistic society, this book seems to  make a lot of sense when the codes of religion do not seem to suffice our  spiritual needs anymore, when the entire world seems to be apathetic to its  surroundings, busy and confined to their own lives. Yes, indeed it is an  absurd world that we live in and it is about this world that Camus writes  &quot;The Stranger&quot; about. Camus also satirizes the hypocrisy and  fakeness of religion and the legal system and how often they are merged  together as one.  &quot;The Stranger&quot; by Camus ranks up there with the  classics, and even though it might not keep our utmost attention throughout  the reading it definitely however teaches us a valuable lesson in life.
0679720200|5.0|My reading of Camus' The Stranger triggered a dual response.  It caused me to harbor a great contempt for it as well as a respect for the thought-provoking mastery of its message.  This reaction was precipitated  by a feeling that Camus, through the voice of Meursault is incredibly  arrogant.  I believe that atheism is as hypocritical as religion.  Either  extreme requires a confidence which no man can truly possess.  Either is a  denial of the doubt that makes us human.  It is the questions that we  cannot answer that make us who we are. An acceptance of the \\"benign  indifference of the universe\\" only brings happiness in its finality.  It  closes the question of death and the unknown, ending the accompanying  fears.  It is man's futile attempt to grasp the nature of existence by  denying its significance.  People have a similarly feignedly apathetic  response when greeted with a question of trivia that they cannot answer or  answer incorrectly.  They simply say, \\"It doesn't matter.\\" Another  hypocrisy in this book is the presence of a so-called existentialist hero.   If man defines his existence individually why does he need another man to  be his hero and the exemplar of his beliefs?  In fact, if it is true that  there is no meaning in life, then why does it matter that Camus' message be  heard?  He must record his message because he cannot deny his humanity.  It  is his humanity that makes him ask \\"why,\\" and feel compelled to share it  with the world.  He cannot be the true existentialist.  No man can.  It is  just as true that no man can truly believe in God without consciously  deluding himself.  He is aware of his doubt at every step in his life, and  blinds himself with affirmations and professions of his faith. However, all  these ideologies must be respected and are popular in literature for the  reason that they attempt to answer the unanswerable question which is the  most important in our lives, \\"Who am I and why do I exist?\\"  Everything we  do is connected to this question, all of our decisions and all of our  thought.  We continually ask, \\"How do I fit into the system?  What is my  role in the community?  Where does my community fit into the world?  Where  does my world fit into the universe?\\"  The human race is incurably  narcissistic and homocentric.   It may seem cynical to believe man  incapable of ever comprehending the universe.  On the other hand, this  seems to be a tenet of many religions and a truth to most atheists.   Agnosticism is the only logical conclusion we can draw from these  realities.  Who can say with certainty what is and what is not?  There are  over 10,000 species on this planet alone, and things change every day.   Science can test the physical and conclude on temporary truths, but the  spirit is un-testable. Reality exists for each of us in relativity.  But  these relative truths are not absolute reality.  It is an aphorism that  this truth must exist, for the universe does not only exist in our minds.   When a tree falls in the forest and there is no one there to hear it, it  makes a sound.  However, knowledge and comprehension of this absolute  reality is beyond our reach.  As Albert Einstein once said, \\"Nothing in  science is final, but the truth is real.\\"  Science here can easily be  substituted with life. Our minds are but the imperfect lenses through which  we see the universe.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Seeing PRINCESS MONONOKE in the theater was perhaps the best experience at the movies that I have ever had. I can't begin to describe how much I enjoyed this film, but I'm happy that it's finally being released on video  and DVD. If MONONOKE wasn't released in your area (which is a great shame  and pity for Miramax), then by all means, buy this movie as soon as  possible! I know that the people who have already seen it are just as egear  as the others to buy it, just like I am. I'm sure that everyone will enojy  it as much as I did, even though it may not be in the theater. You'll soon  be swept up in the story and wonderful animation.  By all means, buy it  today! I know you won't regret it.
B000021Y74|5.0|A unique, thrilling, true rollercoaster ride, &quot;Run Lola Run&quot; is one of the more striking films you'll ever see. It doesn't what matter what languages you can or can't speak, because language is almost superfluous.  This movie is all about kinetic motion, and Franka Potente is perfectly  cast as the heroine. Not only does she have a strong personality, a  strikingly pretty yet odd face, and a nice mane of shocking orange hair,  but her powerful thighs and glutes, constantly pumping and propelling her  through the streets towards her...fate? salvation?...are the very  embodiment of velocity. The Polaroid flashbacks of random people on the  street are also very memorable. See it!
0792156684|5.0|Too many people have been caught up in the media groundswell of this film and fail to simply watch the film. These people are the ones forming opinions not of the film, but of their idea of what the film is. The film  is a glorious accomplishment, and those with short memories forget that  prior to it's December '97 release, Titanic had been dubbed a box office  disaster. The box office records the film went on to break don't make it a  great film. The story, direction, acting, and amazing efects make it so.  And this is where so many get lost. The film is still the film. The film is  not about Leo (a fine actor in his own right), or it's nearly 2 billion  dollar global box office take. James Cameron had no idea this film would  create such an international stir (there are nearly 1,000 reviews alone  posted here!). This film was not made to be the biggest blockbuster of all  time, it just happened. The film inspired many. So go watch the movie. The  movie will last forever. The rest is merely a passing sideshow . . .
B00003CXAR|5.0|For those of you who have given this movie a 1 star, you were obviously not born yet or allowed to get into the movies to appreciate how scary it was at that time.  For the person who said that it was too gory - bingo!   It's about a maneating shark!  What did you expect?  Gee, the name of the  movie is Jaws, maybe it's a shark version of Flipper!  For those Deep Blue  fans . . . first off that movie BIT, and second off it's easy to RIP OFF a  movie that was made 20 years earlier!  Might i add how pathetic it is that  they had to go back that far to find an excellent movie to rip off?
B00002Z88D|4.0|I've been a big fan of Metallica for quite some time, and I find it interesting that they have been trying to re-invent themselves lately.  This is no exception.  Based on responses that I've heard from other fans  on the &quot;Load&quot; albums, if you liked those, you'll like this one.   But, I'd recommend listening to it more than once.  It takes some getting  used to before the music stops sounding a little strange.<br />The bottom line  is that this is a fantastic record...  Incredible sound, and just like all  Metallica albums, sounds best at high volumes.
6304913176|4.0|Some people seem to have a serious eye-problem. They actually think that Verhoeven made a sort of fascist propaganda-movie with Starship Troopers. Well, if this is propaganda, then it is going about its business in a very strange way. Starship Troopers does not show a wonderful future inhabited  by Neo-Nazis. It shows a very unpleasant, but quite believable future  inhabited by people who have progressed along a path that brought  Liberalism back to a society that gave up personal freedom in favour of  personal safety (a bit like Stallone's Demolition Man) This safety gets to  be guaranteed my a militaristic Social Elite. Not a very pleasant prospect,  but it would not be the first time and Verhoeven has shown it in a very  effective way by using models instead of actors for a large number of  roles. Now this does not have much to do with Robert Heinlein's book, which  took a different point of view of a similar looking, but completely  different idea of a society. If we forget about Heinlein and about moral  issues Starship Troopers is a great looking, spectacular action-movie. The one problem I find with Starship  Troopers is the length. It is simply too long. At the endmy attention began  to wander. If you really want to enjoy this movie, watch the first half,  stop the tape and go on the next day. You probably will not do much  sleeping, but what the hell. It is fun!
0385484518|1.0|The &quot;Reader from Usa&quot; below is absolutely correct.  Just another piece of pop fluff full of platitudes to make us &quot;feel good&quot; and gloss over the real tragic alienation we all feel in late capitalism.  But  &quot;Reader from Usa's&quot; attempt to point people to the philosophy  section is just spitting in the wind.  Because those books actually require  you to use your brain, engage the texts and think about them.  This book is  just another piece of that pre-fab, chewy goodness that consumer society  just loves to serve up.
0800196341|5.0|Branagh's affinity with Shakespeare's work has never been more obvious. This adaptation of Hamlet rises above all the other versions. The whole story has been placed in the nineteenth century, bringing it closer to the  audience in a way that Shakespeare, himself a theater man who put historic  work in a (for him) contemporary setting, would have appreciated. The movie  is shot completely in a British castle giving a rare sense of reality and  the camerawork uses this location to the fullest extend. Branagh's  directing and acting is faultless, his best performance ever. As usual his  greatest work is in the selection and casting of the actors. Derek Jacobi  and Julie Christie as the king and queen may steal the show, but the  smaller parts, filled with an endless list of stars like Billy Christal,  Robin Williams, Charlton Heston and many other first-rate performers each  contribute to what may well be the best Shakespearean based movie ever.
B000002BBY|5.0|All Oasis criticisms aside, (What's The Story) Morning Glory is a great cd. In comparision with the other 3 Oasis cds, WTSMG is the band's most consistent work. It has the hits &quot;Wonderwall&quot;, &quot;Don't Look  Back In Anger&quot; and &quot;Champagne Supernova.&quot; It has non-hits  &quot;Roll With It&quot;, &quot;Some Might Say&quot; and &quot;She's  Electric.&quot; 10 and 20 years from now I'm betting that this cd will be  considered a must have for rock collectors.
0783226063|4.0|When I was a child my parents sat me down to watch this movie.  I thought it was the most boring movie that I had ever seen.<br />Now 20 years later I sat down to watch and watch and watch.  It blows my mind I way.  It is  definitly one of the best Sci-fi films of all times.  <br />I highly recommend  the books to.
B000002H7I|5.0|It's a shame that when an artist, such as Tracy Chapman, wins a Grammy for Best New Artist, she is then forgotten. I have been a fan right from the beginning, in 1988, with &quot;Fast Car.&quot; I was 15 then, and Tracy  touched a nerve for me. I thoroughly enjoyed her debut and was quite  pleased that she won a Grammy. However, her following albums, Crossroads,  Matters of the Heart, New Beginning and Telling Stories have all been  dismissed by critics and Top 40 radio (with the exception of Give Me One  Reason in 1996). I believe that Crossroads was just as great as her debut.  It has ten solid tracks from &quot;Crossroads&quot;, &quot;Born To  Fight&quot;, &quot;All That You Have Is Your Soul&quot; to &quot;This  Time&quot;, &quot;Bridges&quot;, &quot;Freedom Now&quot; and  &quot;Subcity.&quot; It's a shame that Top 40 radio and teenagers turn away  from great music that also has meaning in its lyrics. Crossroads is a great  cd to have in your music collection.
0876852630|5.0|I loved this book as a teenager; so much that  I even tried to get my high school English teacher to introduce it into the reading cirriculum. &quot;Factotum&quot; is the story of an unambitious young man (Henry  Chinaski) who's quite happy with things the way they are, i.e. no job, no  money, no steady woman in his life, etc, and the only thing he has to look  forward to is a bottle of cheap wine. I can't help but to wonder if Deron  Hamel was thinking of this book when he wrote &quot;Far From Nowhere&quot;.  Thanks, Sandi
B000002NBY|5.0|Paul Simon did something rare with 1986's Graceland--he made a consistent, solid cd long after his career began. Steve Winwood achieved the same thing that same year with Back in the High Life. Few other artists can boast of  such a success. Then again, Paul Simon's Graceland was touted as ripping  African musicians off, but I always saw it as bringing African music to  people who would have never listened to it in the first place. All 11  tracks are superbly crafted both musically and lyrically--something that  doesn't often happen on ANY album, not even some of Simon's earlier albums.  Graceland wove African rhythms, cajun rhythms and folk into a fine  tapestry. This album should have been bigger than Thriller! A must have for  any music collector.
B00001R3GI|5.0|If I had to play one CD for someone from another planet who had never heard rock'n'roll before, this would be it!  On  \\"Exile on Main St.\\" the Stones synthesized  Chuck Berry-style guitar rock, blues, and country  influences to create a new and previously unheard of hard rock style. In  essence the Stones invented, on \\"Exile on Main St.,\\" an original style of  hard rock that neither they, nor anyone else, has duplicated since. This CD  contains some of the most exciting hard rock music ever cut-\\"Rocks Off,\\"  \\"Rip This Joint,\\" \\"Tumbling Dice,\\" and \\"All Down the Line.\\" This is only  time the Stones approached the magic and excitement of their late 60s and  early 70s concerts on a studio recording. A word of caution to the  uninitiated: the murky sound mix will require multiple listenings, but this  is part of \\"Exile's\\" greatness-the slamming drums, the chaotic guitars and  horns, and the best \\"slurred\\" vocals of Mick Jagger's life. The dense sound  is due, in part, to the fact that the album was recorded in various parts  of Keith Richards home in the south of France. It is this dense and murky  sound that gives  \\"Exile\\" its claim to greatness. No rock CD collection is  complete without it.
B000002GGU|5.0|I know Bryan Adams is considered a light weight in the music business, but the facts remain that he is able to continually make good pop standards. Reckless is a great disc--it has 6 hits &quot;One Night Love Affair&quot;,  &quot;Run To You&quot;, &quot;Heaven&quot;, &quot;Somebody&quot;, Summer of  '69&quot; and &quot;It's Only Love.&quot; How many records today can boast  that many hits? The music on Reckless has a nice, airy feel to it. It's  uplifting even when the messages are downbeat. It holds a place in my  childhood because I was 12 when it was released in 1984. However, it has  stood the test of time too. Reckless is a great addition to any rock  collector's music collection.
0679720200|4.0|At the end of his life, Meursault completed something that brought him back to the beginning of his life.  Everything mentioned in the story has some relevance to the meaning of the book.  Otherwise, Camus wouldn't spend  anytime writing it.  This, in a way, contradicts his whole intent of The  Stranger's actual meaning...well shall I say meaningless belief.  I  thought there was some purpose for Camus to point out the only memory  Meursault had of his father.  He thinks the only thing interesting to a  person is to watch an execution.  Just to point out, this is what he  believes from growing up knowing only this of his father.  Nearing his own  execution, he relates back to this vague memory and it brings him a sense  of comfort that he could be the one for his father to watch.  (Not to  analyze this story anymore but)  Growing up without a father and with this  execution story as his only reliance, Meursault's perception of life became  very tainted.   Meursault seems focused on his beliefs/non-beliefs through  most of the story, but in that sense, to be extremely driven at his  existentialistic thoughts, he shows himself insecure and unsure.   For  example: he is bothered that the scaffold is not risen to a higher level,  that he could not \\"mount the scaffold, going right up into the sky.\\"  He  wishes there were some way out of his death.  As if there was a heaven for  him to grasp or at the least tease him proving that there could be a chance  for his life to be spared.<br />Meursault experienced emotion more in part  two.  \\"I would wait frantically until I heard the sound of my own  breathing, terrified to find it so horse...and I would have gained another  twenty four hours.\\" He searched for an answer.  After the pensive time in  his prison cell, he could not find anything to answer his meaning of life.   His whole beliefs up to this point had been so uncompromising that his  reaching for an answer in life was hopeless and too hard to change his past  feelings.  He died without his hopeful (at that one inspired moment that he  searched for it) answer.  That might be the most absurd thing about  Meursault.  \\"I said I had been looking at the stones in these walls for  months.  There wasn't anything or anyone in the world I knew better.  Maybe  at one time, way back, I had searched for a face in them.  But the face I  was looking for was as bright as the sun and the flame of desire...I had  searched for it in vain.  Now it was all over.  And in any case, I'd never  seen anything emerge from any sweating stones.\\"
B000001EG6|5.0|Elton John has 25 studio albums to his credit. His second album, Elton John, is a great collection of 10 solid songs. It contains the classic hit &quot;Your Song&quot; plus concert classics &quot;Take Me To The  Pilot&quot;, &quot;The King Must Die&quot; and &quot;The Greatest  Discovery.&quot; Elton went on from this point to make even grander albums  like Madman Across The Water, Goodbye Yellobrick Road and Captain Fantastic  and the Brown Dirt Cowboy. In fact, Elton's first 11 studio albums show his  strengths before listing in the 1980's. Elton John is a good starting place  and a classic recording of a man that will no doubt go down in pop history.
B000001E21|4.0|After the somehow contrived'Adrenalize'album(1992),the Leps reached into the sack and came up with an excellent collection of electric and acoustic tunes that reassured those who thought that their brilliant career ended  with'Hysteria'.After listening to this little gem,two things are clear:not  only they can rock out but they also have a sense of depth and mood as  their early albums testify.It's two steps behind...
B000002MY3|5.0|Let's put Alanis in perspective: She came along in the mid-nineties and did what previous female artists were unable to do--she had mass appeal. Before Alanis was Tori Amos, Kate Bush, Joni Mitchell, Tracy Chapman, Patti  Smith, P.J. Harvey, Sarah McLachlan, Annie Lennox and others who sang about  love. However, Alanis is younger, angrier and somehow more popular. Alanis  came along at the right time and place. I think she'll be with us a long,  long time though because she can sing and she isn't a formula (not yet at  least). Jagged Little Pill is a consistent and cohesive album. It doesn't  get old with repeated listenings, but instead offers the listener variety.  It has hits &quot;You Oughta Know&quot;, &quot;Hand in My Pocket&quot;,  &quot;Ironic&quot;, &quot;Head Over Feet&quot; and &quot;You Learn.&quot;  The rest is just as solid. For what it is, Jagged Little Pill delivers a  hammer to nail performance by Alanis. This is a must have for any rock  collector.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The Matrix has to be one of the best films that i ahve seen in a long time,  the storyline realy gets you thinking quite alot on whether we realy are in the real world or is everything around us not real?. Anyway for a  film staring Keanu Reeves who i usualy dont think is very good i think he  does star in this film realy well. If you like the good old sci fi films i  think this has to be the film for 99.
078062369X|5.0|Kickbutt movie one of the best vampire movies I have seen in a while Stephen Dorff is such a good vamp The effects were sweet and the acting was awsome  the weapons ruled
6305718954|5.0|This movie has such a good plot to it, it also has the best photography I have ever seen.  Patricia Arquette is at her very best. This is a little like the exorcist but it is better.  The scenes in this movie are  unbelievable.  I dont want to give away this movie but trust me it is worth  seeing. It is all kind of things all mixed up in to one great movie.  SEE  IT!
B00002MZ4W|4.0|Apple has managed to avoid the sophomore slump--in fact, her second album actually -exceeds- the first one. Soulful ponderings delivered in her signature raw, throaty voice (I'd love to hear her cover Billie Holliday),  actual melodies (the next time a parental unit barks about how today's  music hasn't gotten any, pull out this CD), and experimentation abound.  \\"Fast As You Can\\" is an especially entertaining ride and the  strings on \\"On The Bound\\" are to die for. Oh yeah, and she writes  her own stuff (more than you can say for Spears, Aguilera, et al). Apple makes no apologies for  her musical meanderings, and you won't need to make any for listening. Buy  it ASAP.
B00003CXBK|5.0|So true that anime does not always impress us. In this country we get so wrapped up with our local movie standards, that a full-length animated feature usually receives massive criticism before it's even viewed.  Mononoke Hime, or (in this country) Princess Mononoke, is a Japanese film  directed by Hayao Miyazaki- one of the most admired and creative producers  of animated movies of all time. He is sometimes viewed to be as well known  in Japan as Walt Disney is in the US. Mononoke Hime is Miyazaki's final  animated film and thought by many, including myself, to be the one of most  amazing projects completed by means of animation. The artwork is stunning-  a visual reminder to people (even those who don't generally flock to  \\"cartoons\\") of what effects hand painted cells are capable of  achieving-effects that live action movies can not quite reach. The story is  compelling and the character development helps it flow smoothly along  throughout the movie. It is a tad bit gory in a few scenes, though not in  an unrealistic or tasteless manner- one of which that does not fall under  the general reputation of violent mainstream Japanese animation. Above all,  it is simply a very well done and beautiful film. I have seen it only in  Japanese with someone sitting next to me, translating each line as it came.  It appealed to me then and ever since; I have hoped to find a version in  Japanese with English subtitles. So here's hoping that the advantage of  numerous languages in a DVD format will reach this film some day.
B00001NFCY|3.0|I knew little of creed before i bought this album and therefore had no expectations (and obvisouly can't compare it to their earlier stuff) but i was pleasantly surprised.  There is good variation within the  album....coincidently the heavier stuff is all at the beginning and the  gentler songs at the end of the album....for convenience!  ahh....creed are  so considerate :) Stapps vocals are gritty and strong but you can see the  contrast within songs like 'inside us all' and 'with arms wide open'.  This  isn't my favourite CD of all time but is certainly worth the money and is a  great addition to any music collection.
6300248550|4.0|I have seen all the versions of Jane Eyre and I liked this one the best!  Its four hours long which is great.  There is plenty of time to develop the story and put in lots of details (the book is LONG).  I do think Timothy  Dalton is too handsome for the role, but hey why not its more enjoyable to  look at him.  He is not as gruff as some previous actors have portrayed Mr.  Rochester.  I loved the scene in the study where she has told him she is  going to leave him.  He cries and tells her his heart is broken, its very  touching.  In other adaptations Mr. Rochester just yells all the time.   Zeleah Clarke was a very gentle and melancholy Jane (although I think too  plump for a schoolgirl from Lowood).  But she was great. I never get tired  of this story!
0385486804|2.0|Into the Wild didn't really do anything for me.  When I picked it up, I was expecting a detailed accounting of Chris's trek through the wilderness, the mistakes and discoveries he made, more like Into Thin Air or any other  of the countless true adventure stories.  I should have paid heed to the  note on the back cover -- &quot;travel essay.&quot;<br />The suspense in this  book isn't about whether or not Chris will die; we know from the front  cover that he will.  Instead, this is an investigation of his life leading  up to his death.  But it just isn't that interesting.  It seems as if the  author wrote this book more because he was obssessed with Chris than  because he had a story to tell.<br />Despite all this, I'm sure that I could  have enjoyed it if it had been just the first couple chapters and the last  6.  The rest are just a boring, confusing length of the stories of people  who in any small way were connected to Chris.  It jumps around, providing  mundane details which have nothing to do with anything.<br />Another part of  the reason I didn't enjoy this book -- not only were the events not  terrible exciting (I didn't expect them to be), but I couldn't relate to  Chris at all, and that is an important aspect of a book about a person.   The point of the book is to detail how the author thinks he can relate to  Chris.<br />The story isn't in chronological order, and the jumps back and  forth, the constand barrage of little anecdotes, hypotheses et cetera,  turns into a boring mishmash of events which I quickly found myself not  caring about.<br />This book was well-written and informative, and I've no  question that I could have gotten more out of it if I felt I could relate  to Chris, but I couldn't and the book turned out to be a waste of time.
0679720200|2.0|Camus' &quot;masterpiece,&quot; The Stranger, falls short of expectations.   The second half of the novel gets repetitive and tedious, as Meursault's prison sentence seems to drag on forever.  This book's message was  interesting and worthwhile, however Camus draws it out, with a  anti-climatic conclusion.  Although, I did not feel that this book is too  interesting, it does deserve to be read, as it is a classic.  Camus makes  good points about the absrubness of life and the hopelessness of mankind.   There is a good use of literary devises in this satire and translator  Matthew Ward did an excellent job of bringing this story to English from  French.  In addition, the sentences seem simple when first read, however  their hidden complexity does add some interest to an otherwise dull story.   Book can lead to interesting discussions and thoughts,  However at times  the story is confusing and seems outdated.  Meursault's personality is very  hard to grasp and he seems  often times seems almost inhuman.  Weak  suspense near the end of the story.  Nevertheless, it should be read once  by everybody, however don't expect it to be a sensational novel, as it may  fall short of expectations.
B00004LN16|5.0|The latest CD &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; is probably the best mixed and mastered of all the AC/DC albulms. Most of the songs are slow, steady and heavy, similar to Flick of the Switch but theres more harmonizing between  Angus and Malcolm and has a much cleaner sound.  They said they wanted to  get &quot;bluesy&quot; on this one and they did. Like Ballbreaker but Angus  and Malcolm must have spent alot of time putting together more choppy  riffs. Its almost like taking old Bon Scott tunes, adding Brians gruff  voice, cleaner and brighter riffs, with a heavy undertone (as from Back and  Black). You get to hear Angus and Malcolm actually sing backround on one  track! (You have to go back to dirty deeds to hear that previous to now).  Brian's vocals are in top form. These guys are as consistant as ever. Good  enough for Westbury Gardens. For those about to purchase this CD, I salute  you.--JPM
0380973464|5.0|This is a wonderful book that goes a step way beyond any of his other books.  You have to be awake to read it however, and if you are the type of person who likes Michael Crichton-lets-get-on with-the-plot type books,  this isn't for you.  It's slow and meandering but extremely entertaining.   I disagree with the writer below who didn't like the various digressions in  the book--I found them clever and funny, and at times milk was coming out  of my nose I was laughing so hard.  His careful use of metaphor hits you  over the head like a sledgehammer at times, but you have to be a careful  reader to catch the subtleties. You can tell that Stephenson was writing  for the fun of it and it shows.   And Mr. Stephenson, if you read this,  there are a couple medical inaccuracies I'd like to correct.  Morphine  causes pupils to constrict like pinpoints, not dilate, and people don't eat  big breakfasts before surgery.
0440219078|4.0|I give The Giver four stars because it is a great book, but the ending is one which I myself did not understand.  The Author, Lois Lowry, obviously put a lot of thought into each individual character. When you read the book it is as though the characters are there around you. You can  see them. They come alive in your mind. Jonas, is a young boy who does not  see the world with the same eyes as us, for he has grown in a community  different from those in which we  grew. There nothing has great importance  as they do to us. Then his life is changed in a way his fellow citizens can  not understand. Everything in his life is different. As you read, you can  feel the pain that Jonas feels. It is some of the best characterization I  have ever read.  The community in which Jonas lives in strangely  different from ours. Lois Lowry brings the community to life. She explains  in detail how the community does certain things to keep perfection. It is  as though she  is in this community writing what she sees and hears, yet  this community does not exist in real life. She lets you see into the ways  of the community. For example, each night at dinner a certain amount of  food is given to each family. If the family does not eat it all at supper  they must put it in a container and set it on their doorstep so that the  city maintenance crew can pick it up. This is something new to the reader  and Lois Lowry brings it to life.   Love is something that the  community does not have. The pills they are required to take stops all  feeling. Yet, when Jonas stops taking the pill and works with the Giver, he  knows what love , sadness, happiness and loneliness are. He is starved for  feeling. He does not like the idea that the Community has been deprived of  such things. He knows it needs to change. This book is truly one that show  the characters feeling. I think that Lois Lowry put a lot of emotion into  this book.   It is a superbly written piece and I see why it received  the NewberyAward.
B000006NPY|5.0|This album is a departure from the sonic super-layered guitar anthems of 'Siamese Dream' and 'Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness'. What's been created is a rather naked, vulnerable love song and lullaby album. You  either think it's an intensly personal, gorgeous album that shows the  musical diversity of the Pumpkins or you think it's a piece of electronica  and synthesizer laden filfth with whiney words about unrequited love. I  personally enjoyed the album because of its poetic lyrics and its stripped  down sound that somewhat reflects the final few songs on 'Mellon Collie's'  2nd CD. Notable tracks include the dreamy opener 'To Sheila', the two  singles 'Perfect' and 'Ava Adore', the melancholy violin opus 'Tear', the  Depech Mode-esque 'Appels + Oranjes', and 'For Martha', a song written by  Billy Corgan for his late mother. Overall, it's a musically diverse album  bounding between elctronica and stripped bare songs all linked together by  an underlying sorrow.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|THIS IS BY FAR THE WORST OFFSPRING CD EVER,IMEAN,&quot;SHES GOT ISSUES&quot; AND &quot;WHY DONT YA GET A JOB&quot; ARE THE WORST SONGS EVER. ITS ONLY SAVING GRACE IS &quot;HAVE U EVER&quot; AND  &quot;AMERICANA&quot; AND &quot;THE END OF THE LINE&quot;. DONT GET ME  WRONG, I LOVE ROCK BUT THIS ALBUM DISGRACES THE OFFSPRING'S WORK, OH WELL,  MAYBE THEIR NEXT ALBUM,&quot;IN CONVERSATION&quot; WILL BE MORE ROCK AND  LESS POP. OVERALL, FAR TOO POPPY
0812550706|5.0|I started reading this book yesterday and finnished it that night (actually it would be called this morning  because it took me untell 2:00 AM). While the authors discriptions can sometimes leave something to be  desiered, the way he understands how the human mind works makes this one of  the best, if not the best, book I have ever read.  I urge you to buy this  book
B00003OSSL|1.0|I has seen like a 2000 films in my life, may be more, and never never has seen nothing like this, is the worst film I ever seen, look it only have 2 reviews, that is because no one want to waste his time writing for this  film, I think the same, But I want to prevent you, DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY IN  THIS FILM, the actor and the acting is VERY GOOD, and all the movie is  GOOD, excpet the script, is so bring, and stupid, and BORING, AND BRONG,  AND BORING, is too slow, and BAD, Please DONT BUY THIS MOVIE. You have two  thousand movies better, Like Saving Private Ryan, Life is Beatifull, Jerry  Maguire, As god As get, The Sixth Sense, and many more.
B000002JS6|5.0|Over a 25-year long career (until now, that is) AC/DC has has quite a lot of good, average, great albums. This one, however, is usually considered their best. Why? Well, many reasons. First of all, the album itself shows  the band in top form; never you will ever experience again such a  monolithic rock album. From start (the dark intro of a bell leading to the  &quot;I'm a rolling thunder, a pourin' rain, I'm coming on like a  hurricane&quot; rising power) to end (the bluesy, free &quot;Rock And Roll  Ain't Noise Pollution&quot;) every single moment, every single song will  keep you in tension; new singer Brian Johnson enjoys what is the finest  moment of his entire career, delivering vocals from the unearthy-powerful,  as in the hard rock classic &quot;Shoot To Thrill&quot;, to the melodic  chorus of &quot;You Shook Me All Night Long&quot;, or even to the lower,  bluesy feeling of the aforementioned &quot;Rock And Roll Ain't Noise  Pollution&quot;. With Angus Young playing two of his best solos ever in  Hells Bells and the title track, and completed with the full-time force  rock attack of the rest of the band, this album stands strong like a  monument forged in steel. What makes this album such an unforgettable piece  of rock history is however, other than the awesome song quality, the  incredible &quot;tribute to Bon Scott&quot; (the AC/DC singer who died in  1980 and whom the whole album is dedicated) atmosphere you can feel through  the whole thing. The atmosphere starts off dark and mournful, leading  through a rock rebirth and paying the band's tribute to the old friend  through the title-track words &quot;Back in Black, I hit the sack, I've  been too long and I'm glad to be back, yes I'm let loose from the noose  that's kept me hangin' about, I keep lookin' at the sky 'cause it's gettin'  me high, forget the hearse 'cause I'll never die, I got nine lives, cat's  eyes, abusin' everyone of them and running wild&quot;...
B000009VOL|5.0|Chan Marshall is a genius when it comes to constructing a good rock song. &quot;Cross Bones Style,&quot; is my favorite track, although it is best when listened to as an entire album.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I have taken the unusual (for me) step of buying two copies...one for my car and one for work.  Moby is a genius, and the music is inspirational.  Definitely on my Top 5 for 1999!
0553212737|5.0|Emma is Jane Austen at her best, the work of a writer in her prime.  While earlier novels such as Northanger Abbey and Pride and Prejudice are extremely witty and well-plotted, none are as clever, interesting or  satisfying as Emma, in its depiction of the frivolous preoccupations of the  landed gentry in eighteenth century England. <br />The plot centres around  Emma Woodhouse, the young, beautiful and clever daughter of a hypochondriac  father, who amuses herself by attempting to play cupid to her friends and  neighbours - with predictably painful results. Austen's characterisation is  delightful: characters such as Mr Woodhouse and Miss Bates are brilliant  comic creations but are never in danger of becoming caricatures, like  Dickens' characters sometimes do.  Meanwhile Emma herself is a complex  mixture of intelligence and thoughtlessness, kind-heartedness and  self-satisfaction, and is superbly realised.  Austen's dialogue is as  delicious, and frequently hilarious, as ever - she reveals the finer  nuances of her characters through the things they say, intentionally or  otherwise - and shows how intuitively insightful and compassionate she was.  <br />As in most Jane Austen novels, all situations resolve themselves into a  happy ending, though whether this tendency was prompted by a genuine  positivity and warmth of feeling or a playful sense of irony, nobody is  sure.  Regardless, Emma is a tremendously satisfying read.
B00004LN16|2.0|Stiff Upper Lip is nothing quite that special. In its nearly 25 year history, AC/DC has never penned lyrics that are this bad. The repetition on tracks like SUL and House of Jazz reak of the creative flavor of say Back  in Black or even Ballbreaker for that matter. AC/DC has slowed in pace and  tends to shift more towards a blues flavor now, but for the most part it  works well. &quot;Satelitte Blues&quot; tastes damn fine and probably is  better than any track on Ballbreaker or Razors Edge, but the rest of the  album is just plain uninspiring. Many fans are just happy to see AC/DC back  from a 4-year recording hiatus, and there initial enthusiasm might skew  their view on this new recording. Will this disk be in their players say a  month from now? Bet on it, but it won't be taking the place of any Bon era  CDs anytime soon.
6305537550|5.0|John Carpenter's Halloween (on DVD) is quintessential to anyone who loves true horror.  The audio has been remastered in 5.1 digital and the video has been cleaned up to today's standards.  It's great to watch a movie that  was made in 1978 that looks better today than it did then.  This movie  represents how true horror should be made:  Suspense and more suspense.  Today's movies like &quot;Scream&quot; and &quot;I know what you  did...&quot; fail miserably in their attempts to scare.  Weak stories and  characters with totally predictable outcomes.  Other horror icons such as  Freddy or Jason are driven by revenge.  Michael is driven by nothing more  than evil itself as is so eloquently expressed by Donald Pleasence during  one of the movie's scenes.  I highly recommend this film if you're sick of  &quot;Glam-horror&quot; and want to see how real horror is done.  Let JC  show you how it's done, boys.
0380730405|5.0|Excellent!  If you love suspense stories, you'll read this book again and again.  Also, the Hitchcock movie is also very good, but veers somewhat from the book but still very good just the same.
B00004LN16|5.0|The long awaited 17th album from AC/DC has arrived and it will not let any AC/DC fans down.<br />This album is filled with hard driven rock riffs which only Angus Young himself can provide.<br />There maybe not be a &quot;Back in  Black&quot; or &quot;Highway to Hell&quot; on this CD but the boys are back  better than ever.<br />From the first track &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; to the  last &quot;Give It Up&quot; you can here the blues influenced AC/DC let us  know what we have all forgotten. Rock 'n' Roll is the blues and AC/DC has  proved it here.<br />Great production from George Young, who produced many of  AC/DC's early Albums such as &quot;High Voltage&quot; and &quot;Let There  Be Rock&quot;<br />The only problem I have after listening to the new CD is  that I want, no I need more!<br />Hopefully they will tour soon.  Because than  you will see the true power of this band.
B000021Y74|3.0|I have not rented the dvd version of Run Lola Run (only VHS). All I can say is God help us if there are more alternate twists and endings !  The one scene I cannot get out of my head is the one where Lola walks her  father out of the bank at gunpoint; The scene was very reminiscent of Point  of No Return with Bridgette Fonda where Fonda's character is  &quot;escorting&quot; Gabriel Byrne at gunpoint out of the training  compound.Actress Franka Potente's character Lola has an uncanny resemblance  to Fonda's character as well.<br />I, too, enjoy looking at foreign films for  their originality and freshness. Yet, sometimes they lack a certain finesse  or refined technical quality that most North American or U.S. films  possess. I don't know if it's the lack of technology or filming budget. It  may be intentional to give it that European artistic and gritty  nuance.<br />The performance by Franka Potente was believable ( young and  desperate). The actor who plays Manni (Lola's boyfriend) is also credible (  incompetent and uneasy). Yet, I have no idea why there's animation thrown  in with cetain scenes. The only quality I like about the movie was it's  simple story (or stories) and characters. Otherwise, this is one  independent foreign film I can do without--No matter what any professional  film critic or European Cannes Film festival connoisseur says !
B00004LN16|5.0|The long awaited 17th album from AC/DC has arrived and it will not let any AC/DC fans down.<br />This album is filled with hard driven rock riffs which only Angus Young himself can provide.<br />There maybe not be a &quot;Back in  Black&quot; or &quot;Highway to Hell&quot; on this CD but the boys are back  better than ever.<br />From the first track &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; to the  last &quot;Give It Up&quot; you can here the blues influenced AC/DC let us  know what we have all forgotten. Rock 'n' Roll is the blues and AC/DC has  proved it here.<br />Great production from George Young, who produced many of  AC/DC's early Albums such as &quot;High Voltage&quot; and &quot;Let There  Be Rock&quot;<br />The only problem I have after listening to the new CD is  that I want, no I need more!<br />Hopefully they will tour soon.  Because than  you will see the true power of this band.
6305718954|2.0|This is one of these uninspiring movies that no body will remenber in five years. There is a lack of plot in this movie.it is just the bleed  typical nonsence that you would expect to come out of hollywood.Every time the  tension sags ~Patricia arquette will be afflicted with a new wound and  gabriel byrne(the priest) will look very worried. Okay so the acting is  very good for this type of movie which is the main reason why i even gave  it the two stars along with the impressive special efects. The film is also  far too short and you almost feel as if the director had rushed the end of  this film. I find it surprising that films like dogma were attacted by the  church and this type of film wasn't.
068816689X|5.0|This book is an incredible revelation as to the survival of one young Jewish girl/woman during the Hitler regime.  Along with other biographies of survivors of the Holocaust, this book shows great courage and strong  spirit.  The life this woman lived and the choices she made in order to  survive is a testament to everyone and an important read for every  generation to come, in order that those times and those experiences are  never forgotten in history.
B000002H6C|5.0|i purchased and justice for all in 1991 when i was 10 years old. since then i have had to purchase it 3 times due to wear and tear on the disc. i dont really care that the bass is hardly audible you cannot find a greater  group of songs on one record. the lyrics, riffs, solos ,and drumwork are   awe inspiring. my personal fave is to live is to die. i have never heard a  more emotional beautiful song.
B00000018N|4.0|This is the best sounding version of Aqualung. The 25th Anniversary edition appears to have been heavily denoised, removing what little sense of studio ambience there was in this very ordinarily recorded but superb  album.The DCC gold CD restores all that was taken away.
6305750750|5.0|After making the 3 best films of all time  Lucas has returned to bring Star Wars back to a whole new generation with, The Phantom Menace. Not only does this films surpass Episode 4- A New Hope , But it lives up to the  other 2 , The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi. It is one of the  best films of all time. Many critics have bashed the film, They're all  wrong!  Some people who dare to call themselves fans have even bashed it,  They're not worthy of the title. Star Wars will always be the #1 movies  series of all time. And it's only gotten better. :) May the Force be with  you.
B00004LN16|5.0|First customer to review this album, huh?   I agree with amazon.com's reviewer, AC's last few albums have been inconsistent.  A few standout songs, a few good songs, and some filler.  This album is different.  Each  track is a standout, you will have a difficult time picking a favorite.   This album is a return to form; less metal and more rock and roll and  riffage and rhythm galore.  This one ranks as one of Angus and Co.'s very  best ever.  Come and Get It!
B00000K2SC|1.0|The Matrix is one of the worst films in a long time. The dry, lifeless plot matches the dry, lifeless characters. Don't waste your time on this film. It's one of the most irrelevent ,pointless movies ever made. Instead  people should turn to any of the 4 Star Wars films , the true Sci-fi epic  the Matrix will never be.
0792156684|5.0|A true masterpiece. I'm a big fan of James Camerons work with The Abyss - special edition being my favourite. I love Aliens, T1, T2 and even True Lies. Titanic is among camerons best. Awesome!
B000002UB6|4.0|This is the best song I've ever heard by the Beatles! My Mom and I sing it all the time! It's silly and has deep meaning at the same time, if you know how to find it. I'm a loner like Jojo, and I often wish I knew how to get  back where I belong. Sweet Lorretta needs help! &quot;Let It Be&quot; and  &quot;Across the Universe&quot; are cool too. Unfortunately, I haven't  heard the whole album.
B00000I8BX|5.0|I heard FF in a computer game introduction and bought Demanufacture.That was good, but this album is certainly what I looked for a long time.It's hard enough to kick ass and melodic enough for a heavy metal/industrial(not  a death metal)album.My favourite song is Edgecrusher.All metal fans should  have this album. Try listening to it while driving!
0783225857|5.0|Thank you to the 2 or 3 below who actually described the DVD version and features. People coming to this site - like me - most likely have seen the movie at least once and read the book. We know why it's an incredible film.  Most of us are looking for information to help us decide if we want to buy  the DVD version. So, please, if you love the movie, tell your friends and  let's save this space for practical information of use to DVD shoppers.
0140282033|4.0|This was a hoot!   I loved all the characters and how the appearance of just one person can change the dynamics of a small town.  Gimme more Chocolat!
B00003CWPR|3.0|When &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; was released this past summer, it was the most anticipated film for me in the last 10 years. However Warner Bros. decided to release an altered version of the film, claiming that it was  Stanley Kubrick's wish that it be released in the US that way. How dumb did  they think the serious American moviegoer is? It was a crying shame that we  could not see the Whole film- the version that others around the world was  allowed to see but us poor Puritans in the US would be too shocked by this  version.  Come on. Has anyone ever checked out Cinemax late at night? No  wonder the heads of WB resigned shortly after the film was released. It is  still an excellent film with Nicole Kidman absolutely luminous. Too bad the  Academy overlooked her, but I think that the hype surrounding  &quot;EWS&quot; ultimately did it in! Still, don't miss it. And again,  Shame on Warners for not even relasing the DVD in it's entire form. I guess  they wanted to show that they indeed were right after all. To that I say,  on behalf of the late Mr. K: Bull!
6304458304|3.0|The movie rates 5 stars, but the quality of the DVD brings the total package down to 3.  There are absolutely no extras on this DVD.  It's my guess that this is a &quot;first generation&quot; DVD that the studio  released before they had any idea what to do with the format other than  slap the movie on a disc and ship it. I base that guess by the only thing  that can remotely be called an &quot;extra&quot; is a commercial at the  beginning of the film remarking about how great the &quot;new&quot; DVD  format is.  Most of the movie clips shown are at least 10 yrs old. In fact,  I think &quot;In the Line of Fire&quot; is the NEWEST movie clip and it's  7yrs old.<br />The picture and sound are spectacular; but don't buy this DVD  unless you're a diehard fan of Clint, John or Wolfgang.  Consider renting  it or buying it as part of the &quot;Wolfgang Petersen Collection&quot; (An  outstanding package, by the way!) until a &quot;Special Edition: In the  Line of Fire&quot; is released.
B00000JCOV|3.0|When I first read of the hype about Slipknot in the national metal 'press' (If you count Kerrang and Metal Hammer as being worthy journalism), and saw the general buzz surrounding them, I was quick to dismiss them as being  merely another metal band which we would never hear of again after a few  months.  Several months down the line and the buzz continued, so I thought  I may as well give them a fair crack at the whip.  At first, I was  impressed by the panache with which they carried off their 3 minute-max  assaults.  There is some genuine innovation at work, but after hearing it a  few more times, the effect wore off and the songs became tired all too  quickly.  As players, the band are quite fluent and skilled, but their  influences are far too obvious, and they succeed in merely delivering  mutated derivatives of modern metal staples.  My pre-listening supposition  that they were mostly Korn with a large slice of Neurosis mixed in has  proved to be surprisingly accurate, but they lack the conviction and  invention of those two bands.  And I can tell one downtuned band from the  next.  Corey (I refuse to refer to him as a number) has an excellent voice  for harsh vocals, and his singing talents aren't bad either, but his lyrics  are occasionally far too derivative and cheesy (even by todays standards)  to be taken seriously (&quot;f**k you all, f**k this world, f**k everything  that you stand for&quot;, but I have read the rest of the album, before you  think otherwise), but there again they still easily outclass the abortive  Limp Bizkit, despite the vomit inducing 'rap' on Spit It Out.  The three  percussionist thing has been done before, and the main drummer is an  average among his death metal contemporaries, not near the standard of the  likes of Raymond Herrera or Igor Cavalera.   Having Ross Robinson as  producer may well eventually prove to be to the detriment of the band, as  he has succeeded in grafting his own trademarked sound which sadly pollutes  so many of todays promising new bands (including Sepultura's otherwise  phenomenal &quot;Roots&quot;), and thus manages to bracket them in the 'new  breed' category.  If Ross ever gets hold of Emperor, God help them...   The  mask 'thing' is hilarious, as the bands claims of &quot;not caring about  image&quot; is shot down in spectacular fashion by their all-too visible  uniforms and masks (which they nicked off the far superior Mr. Bungle), and  their tendency to alter lyrics to get on to MTV.  I can't help but get the  impression that this is tough cartoon metal for 13-year-olds who think  Pantera are 'old skool'.  Although I have no doubts about the less sociable  intentions of the band, and that it was never their original quest to  become a cult for kids, many of the fans are small boys trying to be big  boys, turning up to their shows with badly improvised evil masks, hence  making a parody of everything that the band claim.  But they put on a good  show, so I forgive them.<br />However, if the band find their own inspiration  other than everyone elses, they have the capacity to create a genuinely  excellent album.  The potential exists.  In the meantime, I'm off to listen  to Godflesh.
