B000PMLFRA|3.0|I was up in the air about buying this set. I already own the movies on DVD. Then upgraditus hit me and I decided to buy the original trilogy on Blu-ray. I refuse to upgrade the prequel trilogy as I think the story and acting is awful. I owned star wars on VHS, Laserdisc, DVD and now Blu-ray. The picture and audio quality is a great improvement over dvd, however it's just not top tier reference quality anymore. I don't mind most of the changes Lucas has made but at the same time I don't understand why they needed to be done.  I saw these movies in the theater when they first came out. Back when going out to see a movie was something special.    I'm at the point where I'm just burned out. I've seen these movies so many times they aren't special to me anymore.  I watched the whole trilogy and now it will probably not get watched again for a long time. If anything the price of the set is a bargain at $40.00
B0055SWM08|5.0|What can I say? The reviews don't lie. This is a great game. Worth every one of the 99 pennies I paid for it.   It's challenging but you can earn hints and replay the levels to get them perfect. I'm not that far but I already know this will help fill the hours on my commute to work (on the train).
B00006RU5B|5.0|i have loved the sound of this singers voice since sound garden this is one of those cd's u can put in and press play and walk off because every song is great!
B000LTAY1U|4.0|Anybody who orders this will like it if you wear it a lot. Leave it off for a day or two and it stops. Loved the watch though
030746363X|5.0|I am only 60 pages into it but I have already gotten a wealth of information and I am very impressed with the way it is organized and constructed, and how well-researched it is.  To me, anything that will help me improve my life in any significant way deserves 5 stars when it only cost $15.  That's money well spent.  Just getting a good estimate of my current body fat is a great motivator and invaluable.  I just literally finished writing some numbers in my notebook. Even though the reviews are overwhelmingly positive, I can see there are a lot of 1 stars.  I can't see how anyone could rate this 1 star unless they really didn't want to like it or were just lazy.    I listened to Tim on The Joe Rogan Experience, a Podcast I listen to often.  I had reservations about picking this book up but after listening to him talk for almost 3 hours with Rogan I was fascinated.  It's Podcast number 137 if anyone wants to get it from iTunes.  I can't wait to get more information from this book.  For $15, this book is a no brainer to me for anyone who wants to change their body, feel better, or just learn some really cool stuff about the human body.  I'm really glad I didn't listen to the negatives, but had I not heard him on Rogan's podcast I don't know if I would have ignored them.
0321701763|3.0|I picked up this book to cram for the Adobe Expert exam because it is the one how-to book that Adobe publishes. I used the same book for the CS4 exam. Some of the book was the same, but I was delighted that about half the example photos were new, illustrating the same concepts. The new features of CS5 were covered pretty well. It does, however, only scratch a bit below the surface. Many of the questions on my practice exam were much more specific than the book -- but then again, I thought the practice exams last time were harder than the actual :-)
B000W7JWUA|5.0|Settlers of Catan is an awesome board game.  Fun to play with friends or family.  All ages can participate.  I highly recommend this game!
B003XJDT1W|4.0|I like their music and playing style. I really enjoyed the album overall and would recommend to fans of the band.
B003EI2EH2|5.0|My use to be big fat brother is fanatical about this book, I bought it and am losing weight. He is 48 and has lost 40 pounds so far, he has been struggling with weight loss for 20 years and this is the first one that he actually likes and works. I bought it so he would shut up, but it rally works. You only need to read the first 98 pages to lose weight and I can't call him a fat pig any more, now he calls me that, God bless him and you. Good luck you all.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|This is a great aftermarket cooler for your CPU. Remember though that this thing is huge. Check  your case height inside and make sure you can still get the cover on. This is especialy important for cases with side mounted fans. I've only had this installed in my computer for less than 3 days, but it works. It took a little while to figure out mounting, but after looking through the pictures in the pamphlet enough times I got it. The rest was a sinch.
B003L77GRO|5.0|I really enjoyed this season of Dexter. Dexter never disappoints. I would recommend it to a friend. I am now looking forward to the next Season
B0034G4OUY|5.0|I loved the movie and it looked great in Blu Ray. A must buy for the action fan and overall guy who likes movies that get to the point.
B00028HBKC|5.0|I love this movie, hard to watch because it is so brutal. It really makes you understand what Jesus did for us all. Jim Cavezel as Jesus was great, Mel Gibson did a great job directing. I give it 5 stars.
B005974CNA|5.0|First off, I have been a DT fan since '98 and have all their stuff.  Favorite albums are probably [[ASIN:B000021XS0 Metropolis Part 2: Scenes from a Memory]] and [[ASIN:B00005UEAR Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence]].  It may have taken a couple listen-throughs but I am OVERWHELMINGLY pleased with Dream Theater's latest offering!      I was honestly a bit unsure what to expect from the album, especially given the fact that Mike Mangini has replaced Mike Portnoy behind the drums.  Portnoy was a huge creative force behind the band and there probably wouldnt have been a Dream Theater without him.  Not to mention the guy can play!  But after all the drummer drama unfolded in late 2010 I was afraid one of my favorite bands (if not favorite) might just end up losing direction and fizzle out.  Personally I felt this was already starting to become evident with their previous 2 albums [[ASIN:B000PFUAO6 Systematic Chaos]] and [[ASIN:B0026J8LHM Black Clouds & Silver Linings]].  They seemed to lack the usual expression of a broad sense of emotions and the songs almost felt kind of just thrown together on those 2.  They are both good albums in their respects but not up to DT standards imo.    To my relief and satisfaction this album put all that to a halt.  I love every song on DToE (except perhaps \\"Beneath the Surface\\" which isnt a bad song, just a lil cheezy/sappy sounding  Listening to \\"Far from Heaven\\" lead into \\"Breaking All Illusions\\" is a must.  Every member of the band truly stepped up for this one.  Petrucci's solos are as good or better than ever, Labrie's vocals are inspired, Myung's mastery of the bass is more on show than in recent albums as well.  Jordan Rudess is kinda the unsung hero of the album.  His keyboards are truly the best ive heard him play as part of DT. Mangini is an inhumanly amazing drummer.  Better than Portnoy from a pure skill/technique point of view.  So needless to say, im anxious to see what happens when he becomes more involved in the creative aspects of the band's future Given his role on this one was more comparable to a sit-in/consultant (No song credits.  From what I heard the songs were pretty much already written by the time he joined).    Its all just too much to be able to write on here in words just how much they blew away my expectations. I can't wait to see what comes next from these guys.  If you are a DT fan you HAVE to own this album asap!
0553801473|3.0|This series needs serious editing. There are so many character that it becomes unwieldy. The big problem is that nothing joins the characters together. They never interact. His last 2 books could have easily been a book of short stories about this realm.  Many characters never advance the story. The story moves at such a glacial pace, you stop caring.<br /><br />It is a big shame could have been a classic work like the Lord of the Rings if GRRM had the discipline to stick to fewer viewpoints and tightend up the story.  Instead, he goes down the path of Robert Jordan and indulges himself with writing about everything under the sun.
B0033QEUGS|5.0|Nazareth was on a winning streak since the release of their third album, the great 'Razamanaz', in 1973. Deep Purple's Roger Glover had been the producer since that but when guitarist Manuel Charlton decided to take the job on 'Hair Of The Dog', he really hit that bit higher, by adding more power and giving it more punch while keeping the rawness required for this hard rock bonanza.  All seven cuts that make up the original album are consummate killers. And there's a lot here to keep it burning high, as the music is varied and inspired with an immediate feel to it. The title track along with 'Miss Misery' and 'Changin' Times' are powerful examples of how this band could rock, while Crazy Horse's 'Beggar's Day' is a gem. Also, the blues of 'Guilty' and 'Whiskey Drinkin' Woman' gets me every time, then the slow-(s)paced closer 'Please Don't Judas Me' brings it all to a great finale. Just great musicianship from the Scottish lads!  This SALVO reissue is a very welcome upgrade to this rock'n'roll masterpiece. Unsurpassed sound as well as important bonus cuts, great  packaging and booklet make this a comprehensive feast for the avid fan/listener.
B005N0PJJO|5.0|When we last left our protagonists, shy, sweet Anastasia had just stormed out on the troubled and sexy Christian Grey because his overwhelming \\"fifty shades of f*&@!# up\\" became just too much to bear for our naive heroine. The story picks up just weeks after their last meeting and Ana can't help the insane magnetic attraction she still feels for Christian and vice versa. The young couple manages to work things out and get back together (hallelujah!), but don't think that it means happily ever afters for all! Oh, no. In fact, quite the opposite. This time around, the couple must battle conflict left and right in order to stay together. From death threats to inappropriate email exchanges, Fifty Shades Darker is an emotional tug-of-war like none other. Additionally, Christian's elusive \\"Mrs. Robinson\\" makes an appearance, as does Ana's loveable friend, José. Strap on your seat belt and grab a fire extinguisher because you're in for one HOT wild ride!  Yet another grand slam for Ms. James! I can't even begin to articulate how much I loved this book, so excuse my squealing attempt at explaining why I am absolutely head-over-heels for all things Fifty. Since Christian and Ana are actually in a relationship this time around, we get a chance to delve deeper into the couples' personality and spend more time finding out what makes them tick. Sure, Christian is still a tortured soul with some demons to battle, but we also see how romantic he can be and just how much he cares for his family. And, boy, has Ana come a long way since the first book. She's still amiable and polite, but she's grown a proverbial pair of balls and learned to start sticking up for herself -- not only against Christian (their constant back-and-forth is tense, funny AND erotic), but also against other bad-guy characters in the story.  In terms of pacing, I would describe the story as a rollercoaster -- one that begins with a slow, tortuous climb and then quickly plummets, lifting your stomach into yourthroat (you know the feeling to which I'm referring!). Then, just when you think it's time for a calm, even moment, you're thrust into plot twists and sensual loop-de-loops. By the time you finally catch your breath you're dizzy, emotional and overwhelmed... and want to do it again.  *originally written at Roaming Through Romance, a blog about the romance genre
B005H5H3LW|4.0|I'm a long time Star Blazers fan, and thought this movie kept very much in spirit of the anime. Some bonus features would've been nice, but all in all I recommend it.
B005KAH7QU|4.0|The story of this movie is really good.  The action is intense.  The cinematography and sound are done really well and adds to the story.  The only thing that bugs me is not knowing what happened to the nice family, it is the only plot hole.
0307120007|5.0|a book no baby should be without! When my 25-year old son was a baby, he would \\"read\\" this book several times a day and I believe it instilled his present love for reading.
B0042SSO1I|5.0|I really cant understand why this is so hard to get in the usa.  The tv show is not run on the bbc channels i receive. Finding a dvd of any seasonn  of this tv show is hard and is way 0verpriced when it is fou d.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Star Wars is consistently on the top of the AFI (American Film Institute) list of one of greatest films of the 20th century.  I have only one question for the people that give five stars, for whatever reason, to this abominable set.  Which version of Star Wars do you think has been catalogued by the AFI?  If you give this set five stars because you grew up with the prequels then you need to educate yourself to realize the rigorous critique a film undergoes to even be reviewed let alone accepted by the AFI.  They would never accept anything other than a pristine unaltered print and neither should we.  Older fans who gave this five stars should hang their heads in shame.  Zero stars...
B004VBAHG6|1.0|Wow, I'm going to be the first person to leave a sub-3-star rating?  Dubious.   But here's the thing: this is not the Peter Murphy you are looking for.  Well, let me disclaim that: it absolutely *IS* the Peter Murphy you're looking for, if you like things that sound like this:  CHORD-CHORD-CHORD-drum-CHORD-CHORD-CHORD-drum-\\"Haaaaaaayyyyyyy!\\"-CHORD-CHORD-CHORD-drum-CHORD-CHORD-CHORD-drum- (ETC, AD NAUSEUM)  To me, Peter Murphy (as a solo artist) achieved Godhood on \\"Love Hysteria.\\"  That's it: done, game over.  He escaped the Bauhaus, he stood alone, he did something new and thrilling and EVOCATIVE and the first two albums are effing PERFECTION.  Everything else?  Meh.  Hit & miss.  One or two tracks per album have some effort in them.  Perhaps it comes as no surprise, then, that the inner jacket from this CD says it was recorded entirely inside the space of 7 days.  Wow.  Really?  That's like...maybe 1/5 the time it takes to actually record an album, so the statement is either an utter boast or an abject apology.  Seven days?  You can tell.  It's rushed, warbly, incoherent, and (shock of all shocks) very \\"Wall of Sound\\" style that bemoans Our Current Century: Noise / Chord / Wail / Chord / Noise / Wail / Chord  So what?  I could have picked up the latest album from Pearl Pumpkin Pilots and heard the same exact thing.  He sounded better with Nine Inch Nails.  Halfway through Never Fall Out, I gave up.  This is (I think) my first review on Amazon, and I've bought K-Pop that did more for me than this.  It is a 5-star album if you are undiscovered talent looking to get a few gigs for gas money (it was, after all, recorded in N.Y.), but it is utter Shiite if you are a musical God the likes of which are few and far between.  I bought this album purely on the strength of the name.  To say I was disappointed undermines the 5-star rating process.  It's complete and utter garbage, and it makes \\"Cascade\\" sound awesome (and I kinda like \\"Cascade\\").  Skip this entirely.  Grab these Peter Murphy albums and forget the rest:  \\"Love Hysteria\\"  \\"Deep\\"  \\"Should the World Fail to Fall Apart\\"  \\"Holy Smoke\\"  if you have the dime)  \\"Cascade\\"  \\"Shattered\\"  on a dare)  \\"Press the Eject and Give Me the Tape\\"  okay, okay, a Bauhaus album; sue me.  It's still better than \\"Ninth\\")  And, as an open letter to Mr. Murphy: COME ON, MAN, stop filling the gaps with indie-pop wails of noise.  You're FIFTY-FOUR for crying out loud!  When you do that, WE CAN TELL!
0439023513|2.0|While I enjoyed the trilogy overall, this 3rd book is largely unsatisfying.  There is good reason the first 2 books average 4+ stars and this one falls far shorter.  Where this book fails is with story resolution, especially in the love triangle area. I don't take issue with the direction Collins takes the story -- that is quite fairly at her discretion.  I do take issue with her failing to adequately conclude her story.  The attention given the major plot resolution is a mere fraction of what she gives to every little thing before it.  After spending pages and pages and pages drawing us in, she wraps it all up with something not terribly longer than, \\"and so Katniss picked x and they lived together ever after\\".  Note, I did not say \\"happily\\" ever after -- she isn't very clear in even that much.  Her sparsely written ending leaves it up to the reader to imagine how it all worked out.  This book is darkness and despair for the characters, and disappointment for the reader.  Boo, Suzanne Collins...boo.
B002QW7ALM|5.0|The acting, special effects, and the story were incredible!  I especially like the special effects.  The whole ship was just amazing.
B004L49K20|5.0|Not as good as their early stuff, but it's still good! Simon's voice is great.  I can't wait to seen them in concert when they come to LA next week!
B004EPZ084|3.0|I saw the trailor first. It was not funny. I thought they were being funny and wanted us to see the real funny stuff when the movie came out.  I saw the movie. IMO this is not a funny movie. I saw it with a friend. He too did not think it was funny.  The best part of the film was Jennifer Anniston's over the top sex crazy charactor.  All the actors did a good job.  Maybe I have lost my sense of humour...perhaps I never had any or perhaps I have seen too many films. I did find the Airplane series quite funny.
B00005OAES|5.0|Sounds so natural. The  packaging also was first class. feels like being in the show at that time. will keep buying.
B00466HM28|4.0|I purchased this while travelling to be able to easily lay down a quick tune on the go, and it does the trick quite well. The device is plug-and-play, with no additional installation needed. The configuration tool helps map different CCs and notes to the pads and knobs, but must be closed before using the device.  The pads were a bit unresponsive, but a bit of googling revealed the easy fix of sandwiching a couple of layers of tape between the rubber and plastic contact foil. If you aren't afraid of screwdrivers and warranties, it's easy to do, and takes about 15 minutes.
0425220931|1.0|Folks, this book is poorly written.  The structure is a rip-off of the Carlos Castaneda schtick.  The \\"insights\\" into music and music making are sophomoric.  Take the money that you would have wasted on this book and spend it on Glenn Gould's recording (either one) of the Goldberg Variations.  You can take the lessons learned from that experience to any musical (or life) situation you choose.
B0051QO4QY|5.0|Any bad reviews for this album need to be ignored. The only way to really discover and appreciate this record's wonder is to listen to it! No matter what you thought of Lady Gaga before, this time round it is SURE to be nothing but good things. Excellent album, start to finish!
B005N0PJJO|5.0|I LOVE this book! The chemistry between the main characters is enough to power an entire city. I recommend savoring it like a fine wine and not rush reading through it, which is hard to do because you don't want to put it down. So many emotions flow through you while reading it. You'll find your self crying, laughing and wanton. I highly recommend this series by E.L. James.
B004QK5N5W|4.0|Don't know what to say. This is good product and same quality with apple shop. Work well with HD TV.
B0002DB52M|5.0|This movie was an amazing viewing experience. It was created in a sort of stage like play format. Minimal props were used and all that you see is a black background as if the stage itself was situated in front of some black abyss. Upon first watching this movie I thought I was going to watch a less than mediocre prerecorded play for PBS. It initially is unappealing to the eye to watch. However, the story line is wonderfully rich and complex and the acting is very well done. You soon find yourself enthralled in the story line and realize that it is so powerful/well done that the lack of visual screen set design is not an issue.   All the actors did a wonderful job. I have recommended this movie to many friends. What I find humorous is that all of my friends came back at me with really resenting my recommendation for a film that they initially thought was going to be a bore to thanking me once they watched it to completion. This movie is for people who appreciate a more slightly complex story line. It's not an action film filled with visual graphics. It's basically a fine play set to the big screen.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|very good table game, the settlers of Catan, it is the representative of table games, even the person who have never play a table game before can easily get in to it, this game is very suitable for 4 friend hang out together, and with so many details like get the resource, build the houses and roads, it can hardly get bored on it.
B003L20IFQ|2.0|.I've seen this done much more masterfully by a few other film makers...The whole kidnapped & trapped in one spot thing has been done...Ryan is awesome but the pacing just isn't good enough & the ending sucks
0316098329|5.0|Beautiful store, touching characters, imaginatively presented.  This book grabbed me from the beginning and I did not want to stop reading.  I recommend it.
B002ZCY7PU|5.0|I first watched chuck a long time ago when it first came out and it became one of my favorite shows. and each season gets better and better. it is a definite  buy.
0756686970|5.0|The photos and information in this book are great, my 5 year old loves it. The book has a list of all the minifigures through the current sets that have just been recently released. Each figure has a dedicated page with a large photo and detailed information about the minfigure including all of the different versions that have been created since Lego Star Wars inception. It also comes with an award ceremony Han Solo minifigure to complement the Luke Skywalker minifigure from the first book.
B005IEF27O|4.0|Good album. Admittedly, i'd been disappointed in the last few releases, as the shift from prog rock to \\"how many noises can i make with a bass\\" and long, uninteresting droning songs, seemed so sudden.   This, however, is full of the foot tapping, finger drumming head bobbing tunes of yester-decade. Less about Les and more about the listener. Nice.
B004TTZHBK|1.0|This app force closes on my Asus Transformer whenever I try to view a video our recipe. Read a few reviews and it's clear this app was not quality tested on any tablet. Kind of defeats the purpose of a recipe app if I can't view a recipe. Glad I downloaded as the free app of the day, otherwise would demand a refund.
B004TTMYQG|5.0|All the features of Google calendar but looks better. Add,  remove,  modify events on google calendar with this app. I recommend this highly.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I'm so glad I ignored all the boycott demands and other purist complaints panning this box set and just ordered it anyway.Folks its not the 8o's anymore and with blu ray and high def technologies ruling the screen I thought it was more than appropriate that Lucas studios decided to give the Star Wars saga a mild facelift when converting to high def. If VCR tapes and 4x3 back breaking TVs are still your thing I can see fighting Lucas on his update. I love how this was done and how the visual and audio has been given a modern shot in the arm. 5 Big Stars for this Star Wars blu ray box set. I may buy another just as a back up! Welcome to Star Wars 2011 all you purist fools out there.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|This review is not about the \\"nooooo\\" controversy. I have just finished watching episodes IV and I with my 11 year old daughter.  We chose these two first to compare the different eras of SW films.  These were viewed on a Samsung 46\\" LED TV and with a standard 5.1 surround setup.  The detail on both these films was beyond my most optimistic hopes.  We could make out the individual pores on all the actors' faces.  We could see tiny granules of make-up on Carrie Fisher.  The colors were vibrant and crisp.  Sound was equally impressive.  The synchronization of the dialogue to the actors' lip movements was perfect.  These Blu-rays have been meticulously re-mastered and the results are truly awesome.  The price is reasonable considering you are paying about $13 per movie.  Even if you own the DVDs, if you are a videophile and/or audiophile you owe it to you and your family to add this incredible set to your collection.
0062060554|2.0|This is really one of the worst books I've ever read!  With all the excellent reviews, I was really disappointed that I found it so awful.  I must be missing what other folks found so entertaining.
B0058VA2U4|4.0|I must admit that I have always prefered John Bush's work in Armored Saint over his work with Anthrax. For this reason, I was elated to find that John had returned to the Armored Saint fold and that Joey Belladonna would be fronting Anthrax on this album. The devil you know is an absolute killer first single, and sets the tone for a heavy melodic old school New York thrash album. Crawl, Judas Priest, and non-stop ffot-stomping headbanging numbers round out this fine album. Makes me want to dust off Spreading the Disease. Great stuff.
B00005MCX0|4.0|I purchased this CD basically because I had the album back in 1971.  The CD sound's great and it brought back many memories of my youth. Not on the same par as Pink Floyd but from the same scene.  I really like the saxophone work on this CD. Of all the Hawkwind music I have heard over the years this is still my favorite.[[ASIN:B00005MCX0 In Search of Space]]
B001H5X7I4|5.0|Stellar cast. Great premise. Robert Downy Jr as Kirk Lazarus as Sergeant Lincoln Osiris...AMAZING ! 90% of his lines are just f'n hilarious. I cant believe that they are going to do a spinoff of the Les Grossman  played by Tom Cruise  character, although Tom was stellar as his character as well. I think Tom released a lot of pent up anger in this one. But if they do, BRING BACK Sergeant Lincoln Osiris !!!<br /><br />The only drwaback is the last 15min or so. The whole shootout bang em up thing was not very creative. Got a little weird at that point...but the rest of the movie makes up for it and then some !
B002CMLIJ6|5.0|I ordered a DVD and I had very fast service and a very easy transaction.  The DVD was of good quality and I am very happy with my purchase.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|This app takes a leap into the future world of mobile typography. The word prediction is absolutely amazing, and I've gained a 30% effiency. Thank you so much for all the extra minutes I get to enjoy every day. Highly recommend!! A must!
1439153663|5.0|I can't tell you how much I love this book.  Lavinia is a young indigent Irish girl (the main character) who gets placed with black slaves to serve plantation owners.  The relationships in this book will penetrate your heart.  I will recommend this book to all my friends.  You should read it; you will not regret it.
B000JIHP88|5.0|My baby loves it and  goes to sleep with the rain forest sounds, and plays when the other classical music is playing.  There are no down sides because  it has been over four years and it still looks great and  my kids love to play  with  it .
0316044695|1.0|An incredible story, yes. I really had to fight to get through it though. You can tell it was written by a kid who is obviously suffering horrifying PTSD. This thing is full of contradictions relating to Luttrell's political rants. Despite his actions in the field, I found it so deeply offensive that he would point blank blame the 'Liberal Media' for his team getting discovered and the Chinook being shot down.  Marcus, if it weren't for the 'Liberal Media', Donald Rumsfeld might have gone on sending our troops into the shredder in Iraq for another two years. As Luttrell's hero, George W. Bush and his sidekicks insisted on 'staying the course', FOX News tried to paint mainstream media outlets as treasonous for reporting that our guys were getting the crap kicked out of them in Iraq. Imagine if Fox News were our only source of information coming out of Iraq. I hate to think of it. 4,500 dead and ten times that many wounded. Thankfully the truth was getting out and the American public finally had enough by 2006. Bush got rid of Rumsfeld and in came Gates and Patraeus. Things sure did change a lot for the better. Had the American public just been spoon-fed the lies from FOX, we may never have know these two American heroes.  Mr. Luttrell claims over and over at nauseum to love America and all it stands for. It rings hollow as he spews his vitriol against the free press. A free press is vital to any free society and the principle duty of that free press is to be a watchdog on government. When you are a soldier, you are an agent of the government, and in war, you are acting on behalf of that government. In a free society, people have every right to know what is being done on foreign soil in our name.  Further sickening me were his constant reminders that he was from Texas. This 'American Patriot' really let you know that he is a Texan first and an American second.  With regard to ROE's, I don't know a thing about them. I don't think the Russians were big on the Geneva Convention or the free press for that matter in their pursuit of taming Afghanistan. How did that work out for them?  His recon team consisted of 3 enlisted men and an officer. I was always under the impression that there was a chain of command in every military situation and was unaware that under duress, these teams turned into democracies. Maybe I'm wrong and, if so, would like to be corrected. I was baffled that the ranking officer of the scout team was so indecisive and would actually take a vote regarding such a critical decision. It seems to me to be a failure on that officer's part.    As for the proceeds from this book, I certainly hope Luttrell is donating a large percentage to the families of those killed in the mission as well as those of the react team. If not, he should be ashamed of himself.  The bottom line is that it's an amazing and inspiring story, one that was ruined by a guy who is unable to accept what he claims Liberals cannot accept; that war is an awful, ugly thing, and people get killed. Sometimes, unfortunately, it's our guys.
B003UESJH4|5.0|the DVD was defective!the dvd was used but considered to be in very good shape!  Could not get anyone to respond to my telephone call when I called the company, finally just gave up.  I had seen the movie in a theatre. A wonderful movie Should be seen by all!
B0058EBNAO|5.0|I have played with many weather apps and I like this one the best. The application is nicely designed and continues to surprise me with its intuitive elements.. I like the weather clock the best. The animation is smooth and the information provided is useful without overly complicated details. The animations and transitions are smooth and the application is not glitchy. I am using a Motorola Photon 4G on Sprint.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|I haven't enjoyed a book this much in a long time. Everything a great book should be: well written, creative, captivating, and unpredictable. Pure entertainment! What an imagination Ms. Morgenstern has! I look forward to her next book.
B000W9MMPU|1.0|I bought this movie and couldnt play it at all.....because its hd dvd which is a dead technology so my question is why would you still sell it if people cant watch it in dvds???? smh never again
B005COO1X6|1.0|I was looking for a cheap book to download and I haven't read any Stephen King in a while. I guess it was just totally not what I was in the mood for. Instead of a good creepy story, it was a pointless.
B000063DGC|5.0|Great live album! If you like Ozzy Osbourne, and in particular you're nostalgic for the early days of his solo career, then this is a great purchase.  Only down side is if you've bought the diary of a madman special edition that comes with a CD of live music, its from the same tour so almost all the songs are the same - not from the same gig so not 100% identical, but from the same tour.
0439023513|4.0|I enjoyed this book a lot, I could not put it down until I finished it. I would recommend it to anyone.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|The game runs fine but then crashes randomly on my Gtablet. I realize the game isn't optimized for tablets, but I don't understand why it would force close like this.
0439023491|4.0|I enjoyed this book a lot, I could not put it down until I finished it. I would recommend it to anyone.
B003BKF696|4.0|I don't know why they named the album High Violet, but it seems to fit the quirkiness of the theme(s?).  This guy's voice is calming and exhilarating all at once.  The songs are fluid and easy without being \\"elevator music\\".  To the contrary, I find them intriguing musically and lyrically.
B000003FMY|5.0|I listened to this recording on good headphones and am so totally blown away.<br />I worked for years as a broadcast engineer on golden-ear FM 'casts of the Boston Symphony Orchestra and others.  Believe me, this CD is a must-have.  If you are an aspiring audio engineer, you must listen to this CD, and take mental & auditory notes.  The imaging and fidelity are incredible.  This was done on tube gear, likely 1/2\\" analog tape with no noise reduction.  It is a great 'upside the head' to be reminded how honest the technology of the '50's could be when in the right hands.<br />  The playing on this CD is superhuman.  Reiner must've been incredibly demanding - these performances are the polar opposite of \\"phoned in\\" - Incredible!
B004E0Z4XK|4.0|I liked the first two Jack White songs immediately.  The rest has grown on me.  It's all rather \\"atmospheric\\" and not White Stripes at all.  But Jack's personality and voice come ringing through on the three songs he sings.  Nora Jones' songs took longer but have gotten into my head-in a good way.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|An exellent novel filled with suspense and complex characters. Sure to be an instant hit for kids ages ten and up.
B004VMVTNU|4.0|This app is very useful, the math function makes me wake up. Thanks for making this one of the free apps on amazon!
0307272702|5.0|I love this book. It is very enlightening and has motivated me to eat healthier foods. The author explains clearly what all these processed foods are doing to our bodies. It is a little technical at times, but that helps make the explanations clearer.
0385534639|5.0|What I Liked: 1) Let's begin with the cover. The contrasting black and white with the splashes of red, while not only fitting completely with the story, are enticing enough alone to warrant a glance while on the shelf. 2) The prose. The story was written with an elegance that was beautiful and completely befitting the time period. 3) The descriptive writing. The story came alive from the pages because of how great the descriptions were. It was as real to me as if I was living the story myself. 4) The eccentricities of the characters. Miz Morgenstern made certain that none of her characters were mundane or generic. Each and every one of them took on a life of their own, and were so well developed that not one of them fell flat. 5) Celia. I have to take a minute to talk about Celia, the girl that we watched grow up throughout the story. She was the character that everyone is going to feel for, the relate to, and to root for as the story goes on. 6) The romance. Oh. My. Gosh. If there is anything to take away from this story, let it be this: love is magic. The romance that blossoms between Celia and Marco begins long before they even realize it themselves, and as a reader I was so involved in the story, that I was left breathless by their passion. 7) The idea. Authors astound me frequently in their creativity and their ability to come up with a new and intriguing story, and this is no exception.<br /><br />What I didn't like: .............nothing...............<br /><br />Overall thoughts: Wow. That was my initial reaction. When I finished reading and closed The Night Circus, I just had to sit for a few minutes and absorb what I'd just read. Everything about it was truly incredible, from the enchanting love story, the captivating magic, and the spellbinding plot. This is a story that weaves its way into your heart and leaves you mesmerized. One word of caution: make sure you pay close attention to the dates at the beginning of the chapters - they don't always flow chronologically. This has got to be one of the best books I have read all year, and know I will read this story over and over. It's found a permanent home on my bookshelf!s got to be one of the best books I have read all year, and know I will read this story over and over. It's found a permanent home on my bookshelf!
B0058EBNAO|4.0|Lots of details clearly presented. Radar could use some work, but everything else is great. Beautiful on the motorola xoom tablet. It certainly beats most of the others.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I don't get how people defend George Lucas.  They say he created these films and he can do what he wants with them.  Lucas says he did not have the budget or technology to make the movies how we envisioned,  I guess I can see that. But something I don't understand.  He didn't have the technology to make Greedo shoot first?  Didn't have technology to have Darth Vader yell Noooo?  Didn't have technology to make Ben Kenobi sound like a little girl?  Didn't have technology to make the song in Jabba's palace suck?  What does that have to do with technology?  As a Beatles fan,  I love the B-side of Abbey Road.  Imagine Paul McCartney put a new song in there, totally screwing with the awesome medley.  Steven Spielberg should go back and make a new shark for Jaws, totally CGI.  Make him do back flips or put a scene in where he fights a giant squid and all sorts of crazy things.  I'm sure he didn't have the technology he wanted in 1975, but that is how movies work. Go back and change Charlton Heston's wig and beard in Ten Commandments. Add a scene in It's A Wonderful Life showing Clarence getting his wings and flying all over the universe. The possibilities are endless.  Maybe in few years he can go back and take out the kiss between Luke and Leia because it promotes incest.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I had the hope that I would be able to replace my old Laserdisc set of the original three movies, but at this point, I will never see a better quality product of the original version of the films.  Really disappointed!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Quit changing things, Goerge! Give us an original cut!  Have you not learned from the bad reviews every time you do this? Get over yourself and quit pissing off your fans.
B000PMLFRA|2.0|OK, I've made my peace with the prequels being written for (and likely by) 8 year-olds.  I've even come to terms with some of the changes George has made to the original series (as a comedian recently said, he's really just making his own fan-homages to them).  What I can't abide though is the repeated finger-in-the-eye to his original trilogy fans.  I pre-purchased this set back in January when it was first revealed and waited patiently for it to arrive (Amazon sqatting on it for a week once it was released is best left to another review).  What really made me write this review is my astonishment that the bonus features were left out of this set.  Once more George is telling me that my preference for the original trilogy is not an acceptible opinion. And if I persist in this belief, I must be reminded of the error of my ways.  Now I have little choice but to buy the whole set, try to find the bonus disks on ebay or wait and hope they appear in a future re-release.  Being a fan of this franchise is starting to feel like being the red-headed middle child.    As to the disks I did receive, the movie does look amazing, the sound is very good and the clarity is stunning (I didn't know Carrie had freckles).  If you don't mind Lucas poking you in the eyes and squawking like Larry, Moe or Curly, then you will likely enjoy this set.  Me, I will always be reminded of my place as a pseudo-fan when I sit down to watch them.
B00005K3OT|5.0|i received it quickly and it was in perfect condition, and a great price. this is my review not a big typer.
B004XDYJRU|2.0|I BOUGHT THIS APP.  BECUASE I NEEDED TWO RADIO STATIONS AND AT THE END THEY TOOK IT OUT, WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY. IT HAS OTHER RADIO STATIONS BUT NOT THE ONES YOU WANT. I'M VERY DISAPOINTED.
B005KGPC4S|4.0|I completely enjoyed this movie, the casting was great, it was suspenseful, and a couple of unexpected twists actually left me open-mouthed. But John Goodman as the ATF Agent in charge steals the show. His performance was subtle, convincing and, being Goodman, he had some great lines. Well worth a view.
0756686970|5.0|This is a very nice book that is a great follow-on to the Lego Star Wars \\"The Visual Dictionary\\". \\"The Character Encyclopedia\\" includes the Han Solo minifigure complimenting the Luke Skywalker that came with \\"The Visual Dictionary\\" book. Great for collectors of the Lego Star Wars minifigs.  I bought this for my 10-yr old son who is a big fan of Star Wars and the Legos. He takes the Han Solo minifig out to look at it and then places it back into the book when he is done. The holder built into the book is designed so that you can lift up the plastic flap that contains the figure and continue using it as a holder. Make sure you release the tape from the bottom as the \\"hinge\\" is at the top.  The size of the book is smaller than the previous released DK books. It measures 7 3/8\\" wide by 9 3/8\\" tall. This is actually a really good size for the information contained on the pages of the book. Each page is dedicated to one Minifig in the Star Wars sets. Here are a few page features:  * A nice description of the character and their role/function in Star Wars  * Each minifig description is cross referenced to the sets which they appear  * Each minifig description has descriptions of any released variations (if any)  * A very nice photograph of the minifig taking up most of the page  * Bits of trivia regarding the design  The index also contains a nice reference for all the set numbers that the minifig can be found.  This first edition contains all the figures that are currently available in the 2011 Star Wars sets.  One interesting note is that this book is missing one of the promotional minifigs released earlier in 2011 year (or was it late 2010). That was the Shadow ARF Trooper which was a Lego Store promotion. My son and I got one and I was interested in finding a description of it. It is interesting since the book mentions limited release minifigs such as the chrome gold C-3PO and bronze Boba Fett. I wonder if folks noticed any other missing figures.  Regardless, this is avery nice book and missing an obscure limited release figure doesn't detract from this book. It would give the publisher an opportunity for a 2nd edition in a few years when Lego releases even more minifigs.
B0031YJFCQ|3.0|The 1 star and 5 star reviewers are funny.  They either hate it or love it.  I am somewhere in the middle.  This book was very tedious and not nearly as exciting as the first two.  It was a chore to read and finish this.  The only reason I did because my wife read the series and wanted to rent the dvd's.  It is rare to have a movie be better than the book, but here is a great example.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Alright, everyone needs to calm down. I've been a fan since 1979 and although this collection didn't have everything I wanted (original theatrical release & digital copies), This collection looks amazing on Blu Ray.  I watched them with my daughter and she absolutely loved the movies.  I showed her the original trilogy and then we went back to watch the prequels.  So, before you completely dismiss this collection, trust me that you'll enjoy seeing them in HD and having George's definitive vision.  He actually \\"improved\\" the Han Solo/Greedo meeting in the Cantina and although Han didn't technically shoot first, it was recut to look a lot better than the previous version.  I was pleasantly surprised.  He actually gave in a little and listened to how awful it looked before.   Anyway, I really like having them all in one collection and you will too.  So stop complaining and \\"give in to your feelings.\\"  And buy the set.
0545265355|5.0|My 13 year old son and 12 year old niece loved these books but as a parent I loved the price.  They both read the whole set in less than a week.  I dont know what they are about because I didnt read them but I purchased the box set for less than 2 of these books cost at a big box store.
B003JJA59K|5.0|I love reading great books.  Leave the simple James Patterson stuff for the pulp fiction lovers.  Should anyone have read the book, they'll know the book is bleak, sad and offers no explanation to why the characters are where they are.    That said, this is not what the book or movie are about.  They are about the love a father has for his son no matter the circumstances.  Maybe one has to be a parent to really appreciate the idea of only caring about their child and their well being but this movie really resonated with me.  This movie boils down to the flawed human (the father) and the son who no matter the situation sees the goodness in helping others.  Yeah, it's sad, scary and isn't a Hollywood happy ending...that said, it's beautiful.  The pure love of a father and son resonate until then end and SPOILER ALERT....human kindness prevails.
B004WJRDN2|5.0|As much a Beatles/McCartney fan my sister is, she claims the DVD was really the gem in this package. This was purchased by me as a gift to her and although she loves the cd she says the DVD provides information about that time period after Paul was on his own and still with Linda. That is a time period I want to know more about, as did she. We both are huge fans of his first solo effort, I listen to it today and its as fresh as the day I bought it. The item is a bit pricey but by the time everybody has handled it, they all want their cut. If your a fan of The Beatles and their solo work, you wont be disappointed. Im hoping Paul diggs deep into the archives and releases much more video, and it would also be nice to finally see \\"ROCKSHOW\\" in it's entirety, we are way past due for that one. One shout out to Mrs Ono, Please remaster and release \\"LET IT BE\\" if you have the tapes and the rights. Us Beatles fans are dying for that to resurface, there is way too much bootleg crap on the market and we are all getting ripped off by these money grubbing jerks.
B005CM9DX6|5.0|As a fan of Opeth for years, I have come to expect a certain sound from them, as I'm sure most have. This album does not carry on that tradition, as many have already said. I'll keep it short and to the point. I enjoy the album immensely and I believe it's another strong addition to an already very strong lineup of records. The new direction is highly interesting and I cannot wait to hear the next.   Assorted Pros:  - Excellent production as always, from every member including the guest performers  - An entirely new direction for the band  - Very lush and often jazzy feel blended smoothly with fusion and decades old rock  - (For special edition) 60 minute making-of, with some nice comedy of course  - Very nice clean singing courtesy of Mikael  Assorted Cons:  - An entirely new direction for the band, probably not what most people had in mind, may be a con to some  - No death metal vocals, may be a turn off for hardcore fans  - Read lush: tons of organ and mellotron action, far more than Watershed IMHO, may be a turn off as well  - No more Per Wiberg and his soul eating beard, sadness for all  Basically, for every pro, it might be a negative to some other listeners. Do yourself a favor and preview the album before you purchase, if you are worried about being unhappy with the new direction. As for myself and probably many others, I've always said that even if Opeth releases jazz albums from here on out, I'd gladly buy them because I know when I pick up an Opeth album I can expect professional production and world class musicianship from each member. Mikael holds those standards for a reason.   For those of you who do choose to write enormous hate speeches and refuse to buy another album, just know that Mikael is taking the direction he wants to be in, and will continue I'm sure. See the documentary for proof of this. He KNOWS this album will cause a divide amongst the fans, but such sacrifices must be made if you don't want to continue a certain path. After all, if you are not in the business to enjoy it, why are you doing it?
B004EBZX6W|5.0|If you don't have an unlimited data plan you absolutely need this app, and you may need it even if you do.  This app is what the android OS wi-fi setup screens under settings should have been in the first place.  It makes finding a good public wifi network not only possible but actually easy. Many thanks to the developer.
B004A8ZX2I|4.0|Simply stated, if you like great action and a good plot this is worth seeing. He deliver in  Taken and followed up with another great performance in the Unknown.
B0054N73EY|5.0|Everytime I buy a new Red Hot Chili Peppers CD, I \\"brace\\" myself that it probably won't be as good as their last release. EVERY TIME, I'm wrong! When I was \\"preparing\\" myself for I'm With You - same thing. I was totally blown away (again). I am a die-hard John Frusciante fan, but this is an excellent CD! As with all RHCP CDs, your favorite songs will change from week to week. That's why you end up listening to their CDs for...well YEARS...or until their next release. Their formula of \\"each song is completely different in writing, overall form, & performance, than the other songs\\" - seems to work for these guys. Unless you despise great catchy music, you'll LOVE THIS CD !!!!!
B003L77GH4|5.0|Enjoy the show, loved the dvd get to see all- no commericals and special announcments or football cutting in to my show. I seen scenes that have been deleted or there was too many commericals that just cuts in to Vampire Diaries.   All the hype about Vamp Diaries being a teen show, well its not its just fun. And after all isn't shows only supposed to be entertainment.
B003XCVQ3C|1.0|This adapter does not last. We used about 2 times a week to stream movies from our computer and it only worked for a few months.
B0038M2AZA|5.0|Gives lots of insight into the world of the autistic.  A must watch for teachers and school bus drivers.  The acting was terrific.
B000BTJDGC|5.0|THIS WILL TOUCH YOU AND MAKE YOU HAPPY AND SAD BUT LET YOU KNOW THE BIBLE OUR FATHER GOD DOES NOT LIE AND JESUS DIED FOR US AND WE NEED TOO CALL ON HIM ABOUT THE DEVIL WHEN HE IS NEAR US AMEN AND AMEN.
B0052VI2V6|3.0|The positives: The price of this Japan-based SACD was very fair (at the time of purchase), and was what you'd pay direct from Japan.  Audiophile disc retailers are charging around $50 for the same SACD.  I own both this SACD and the SHM-CD version (also a Japanese pressing).  What is odd is that the same producer did both versions, but the SHM-CD version is MUCH more musical.  The SACD is ultra-clean and detailed, but the SHM version has greater ambience and richer tonality.  There is more \\"shimmer and chime\\" to the guitars, and the disc has both detail AND warmth.  I'm not sure what went wrong here--In my experience, SHM-CDs are usually very close to SACD, but lack some of the harmonic richness of SACD (though the differences are usually minimal).  In this case, it's the other way around.  Grab the SHM-CD version from cdjapan before they're all gone.  It's $10 cheaper and sounds better.  How can you beat that?
1423113381|5.0|Riordan continues his mondernization of mythology with a journey into Egyptian lore and adding contemporary twists to please the younger set.  For the older set, it is fun to see him retell ancient tales in modern garb and it is fun to determine which tale is currently engaged.
B003HGKJH8|5.0|This is not an accolade I would bestow on any musical act lightly.  In an age where any new music that is not derivative of something that was once great for it's own time is pretty much guaranteed to be garbage, I was sure I'd be relegated to a life of contempt and cynicism.  But hearing \\"Innerspeaker\\" for the first time was nothing short of a life-changing event for me.  To hear an album of tracks which shine with the finest attributes of classic rock sound without regurgitating them, yet with it's own distinct sonic identity and a coherence throughout the whole CD is an experience I'm not likely to have any time soon.  This is sheer brilliance in songwriting, execution, and production.  Though the quality here should stand beyond comparison, to overlook the Lennonesque quality of Kevin Parker's vocals would be admittedly ignoring the elephant in the room.  On that note, Tame Impala could somewhat be likened to an alternate-history revisioning of the Beatles...  Branching off from \\"Revolver\\", John Lennon, instead of decaying into a self-absorbed heroin-addled burnout, continues to progress as a songsmith, while Paul McCartney, instead of hogging up way too much album space by crapping out piles of toytown whimsy, becomes an alcoholic and gets relegated to the rhythm section where he belongs. Ringo Starr and George Martin are replaced by Ginger Baker and Eddie Kramer, respectively.  And there you have an oversimplified idea of what \\"Innerspeaker\\" would sound like.  Comparisons aside, this is music that will withstand the test of time (I shudder to use the nonetheless appropriate phrase \\"timeless classic\\") .  While the whole CD is solid, my favorite tracks are \\"Alter Ego\\", \\"Desire Be, Desire Go\\", \\"Why Won't You Make Up Your Mind\\", and \\"Runaway, Houses, City, Clouds\\".  Seriously.  Buy this CD.
B000F8O35U|3.0|i wish i knew this wasnt the real platinum adition that you can buy in stores. instead its a copied dvd not in original case.
0439023513|5.0|Here it comes, the third and final book of the Hunger Games. In book 1 we see Katniss barely surviving the Hunger Games, just by being lucky to have done the right things to the right people at the right time. In book 2 she has less luck, but is purposefully steering towards a successful conclusion. In book 3 it is expected that she now has all the experience of these Hunger Games to gloriously defeat the Capitol without breaking a sweat. But, luckily, that does not happen. Not a brilliant star rising, but a blown up star desperately trying to keep going despite loved one after loved one dying. Would you still be strong if that happened to you?   This book finally sheds some light on the power politics in Panem. Of course we knew Snow was a terrible guy, but was he elected? Or a dictator? How do things actually work? Although not all is revealed (this is not a book about politics), we understand the underlying currents. And district 13 is a believable refuge: not good, not bad, just different. With a president as cold and calculating as Snow.   I personally found it difficult to deal with Katniss tuning out so often in the book. She hides in closets, uses Morfling or is just sick. Difficult to deal with, but very believable nonetheless. As she decides that only hate brings her into motion, she finally moves to kill Snow and the desperate journey to his Mansion begins. With very little likelihood of ever reaching it considering the overwhelming odds against Katniss and her band, they still do. But not towards the happy end, but to witness the destruction of the only person Katniss unconditionally loves. That shatters all remaining hope of a happy end.  When however she realizes who is to blame, she decides to take a drastic action. Although it is not described, you can feel it coming that she will kill Coin instead of Snow. And that is very well done: hints of the booby trap bombs Gale designed, the victors' choosing to have Capitol Hunger Games on Coin's idea and Katniss backing the idea despite it feeling totally wrong. Implicitly, you know the decision she makes and why. And why she cannot tell why she did it.   The ending is then heart wrenching. A happy end but very very bitter indeed. Too many lost lives. And the reader left drained of energy. Beautiful.  But I do need something happier next!
B002LC2DQ4|4.0|Picture card arrived quickly and works fine.  A warning to C-5000 owners, however:  The description for the memory card noted it was compatible with this camera.  However, I didn't know until I tried it that because of the card's large memory size, the camera takes a very long time to turn on.  Unless you really need a card this size, I would recommend something with less memory.
B0053FP1PQ|1.0|A very old story. You like a band and feel the music is from the heart. Someone decides they should use all the production tools at their disposal and they get away from what made them good in the first place. U2, REM, Boston, The Police, Northern Pikes, The Stones, Green Day, etc... all good bands but after their first few disks they change for some reason and don't ever seem to get back what they had. Jump on the band wagon and cheer them on. For me this is a big let down and I hope the band gets back to good songs with guitars. They can keep the crap sounding synth, boomy drums and bass. The production of this recording is way overblown. Someone with too much power sucked the heart right out of the Kooks. I really like the band but hate all the recordings except \\"Taking pictures of you and maybe Eskimo kiss (on the fence). I really hope this is a one off and the guys don't continue down this road. Sorry for the bad review but it's the truth.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Its amazing reviewers had all of this negative talk before this was even released. Geeeesh. Anyway!!...his fan loves this. You just cannot beat this. George as usual added some digital goodness to this already excellent movie experience. I am a fanboy to the core. If you have a 1080p you will love this even more.
B00005QFE5|1.0|This was not what I expected.  The description said used but is in excellent condition.  When I received the product it was not as described.  The casing was all old and rinky dink.  I still haven't had a chance to watch it, but the description was not what AS DESCRIBED!!!  I should've just spent a little more money and bought a new one and be happy...
B0055S348W|5.0|Awesome.  Supersedes all standard printer apps. If you have a printer, this is not an option, it is a requirement.
B000RZIGVS|1.0|These DVD's are copy protected and some discs simply will not play in a computer at all. Not with real DVD software like PowerDVD, not with VLC, and not with mplayer. You can't even rip the content to watch it after it is ripped (and I tried everything -- even a raw sector dump with ddrescue).  This product is garbage and a rip off. I can't even watch what I legally purchased! That's $300 I could have spent on beer!
0439023491|1.0|I Really liked the first book so I went into this book thinking it was going to be great. It was not. I don't even know why Katniss is still around apparently shes just of such extreme vital importance that absolutely nothing could possibly be done without her. Except she really isn't. Apparently the author thinks propaganda is 90% of a war. I'm pretty sure the people got that the other side is bad and that their side is good from constantly being starved and killed.<br /><br />Plus the whole love triangle thing is stupid. She treats it like shes trying to decide between two plain muffins but can't and doesn't really feel like thinking so she just stands there and stares at them for a while. In the end she never even makes a choice it's just made for her.<br /><br />I tell people to read the first book because it was really good but make up the ending on their own. Not only does it take two books of boredom to get there but it sucks anyway.
B003AWRM9W|4.0|True, this will never be an award winner---thought about 3 stars---but since there are no other reviews--- i wanted to give it a fighting chance
B0051T46XM|5.0|When I saw the trailer for this film, I just had to see it. Once I saw it, I was hooked. Just a fun and quirky little film from Norway with lots of heart and personality. The CGI effects are very well done. The bridge scene and the scene with the giant troll are incredible. Very nice blu-ray transfer and excellent audio. Kudos to Magnolia/Magnet for picking up this amazing film. I HOPE THEY PICK UP THE SOUTH KOREAN FILM \\"Bedevilled\\" next for a blu-ray release because the import blu-ray is almost $40!!!
B0058EBNAO|4.0|this app is awesome, if you know how to read barometric pressure.  other than that it updates fairly regularly and is fairly accurate.  I live in Germany and it still works great
0385534639|1.0|I was so excited for The Night Circus! I love stories about magic -- Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell and Harry Potter are some of my favourites. I also loved the author's blog and thought she was just my style. But I really didn't like this book. The first few pages were grand, but the book just went downhill from there. The story did not make sense and while magic need not be fully explained, I kept thinking, \\"WTF is going on?\\" The circus was dutifully described but boringly so. Personally, I don't want to read incredibly long descriptions about settings (maybe I should have taken the title as a warning for what was to come) -- I want to know more about the characters. But the characters here are hollow. I don't like them. I don't understand them. And I never really got to know them because the author spent sooo much time going on about the damn circus tent. While I commend the author for coming up with a unique idea and (except for a few painful soliloquies that are far too much \\"tell\\" and not enough \\"show\\") her writing style is good enough, this book does not deserve all the hype. Skip The Night Circus. Read Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell instead.
B005DI994W|5.0|I have never seen the new DVD version, but I saw the original a few times growing up as a kid and thought it was exciting, engrossing and inspiring. Never forgot Ralph Richardson after that. The new version with Blu-ray on a large screen should be worth seeing again.
0385732554|5.0|\\"The Giver\\" is a profound read that has captured the hearts of many since its first release in 1993. Unfortunately for \\"The Giver\\" it has also been one of the most controversial and banned books throughout the years. \\"The Giver\\" has been banned by many schools and other institutions because of some of its themes such as euthanasia, infanticide, suicide, and also some of the violent and sexual passages that many thought were inappropriate for young minds. I disagree with the banning of this book because it is one of the more inspiring intellectual reads out there. I believe that many, young people especially, could learn and benefit from the themes that are taught in this book.  Lois Lowry uses the premise of a utopian society to introduce to its readers the lifestyle and cultural differences that could be faced, while still having a subtle undercurrent of deception. This Let the reader know that something was seriously wrong in this seemingly wonderful lifestyle. I really loved learning about this secretive world and discovering along with Jonas that not everything is as it seems and that some rules were meant to be broken. \\"The Giver\\" by Lois Lowry is a though provoking and delightful read for readers of all ages and personalities.
B0055X5CGO|3.0|I am now 30 years old and remember having this book as a child. I LOVED it so I wanted to add it to my book collection for my daughter. Unfortunately I found multiple movable parts broken due to being stuck together and then breaking in the un-sticking process. One page (the bedroom scene) was not threaded right and tore when I pulled the tab. The book was rather cheap when I bought it and it shows in the construction. I will probably buy it again and be very careful inspecting and unsticking the movable parts.
0451209338|5.0|A friend introduced me to the work of Daniel Silva. I loved the book! I will keep purchasing the rest of the series.
B0057A6GA6|1.0|the version on the android market has a new update with new maps and weapons. why hasn't this been updated?!!!
B0012GMVLM|4.0|I am a huge fan of Alan Parsons and have most of their albums.  I was browsing this site and read that the albums had been remastered in 2007 by AP himself.<br /><br />The blurb on the product page for the $9 CD says \\"2007 digitally remastered and expanded edition of the Alan Parsons classic album that was originally released in 1978. Parsons himself digital remastered all his catalog albums reissued in 2007 using the original master tapes. The difference in sound quality is amazing-each sounds absolutely fantastic. The packaging includes revamped booklets with fresh, elaborated liner notes based on interviews with Parsons and Woolfson as well as rare photos and memorabilia. --This text refers to an alternate Audio CD edition.\\"<br /><br />I didn't notice the last sentence and it still is not very clear.  If you click the \\"Audio CD\\" link you are taken to another product page for the same album which costs $24 and which seems to be the true remastered version.<br /><br />Here's the catch: on the $9 product page, you see this text under Product Details: \\"Audio CD (February 1, 2008)\\"  Wouldn't that make you think that this is the disc remastered in 2007?  That's what I thought, but apparently not.  I am going to contact Amazon about this and see if they will make good on my purchase and change their product description.
B0055SWM08|5.0|I really like this app. Starts easy and has a good ramp up in difficulty. Included many levels. I look forward to playing more.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|Could not be more upset. I did not want the stupid computer edits edition. Wish I had known, returning to get a refund. Don't buy if you want the actual original movies, I guess we're all just out of luck.
B000001M11|5.0|This is a classic and I love being able to pass this on to my 3 year old. It plays nonstop in the car and we all love it.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|Like some of you I'm a weather geek and I've tried pretty much all the apps out there. Weather Bug Elite was the one I was using for about a year. I would try others only to go back to WBE.  Almost decided not to try this one even though it was free.  Boy am I glad I didn't brush it off!<br /><br />It is fast, stable, accurate (as accurate as any) and now has a very nice look! The radar is ok from my own experience, though I use Rainy Days for radar only. Would I pay retail for this? Yes!
B004X1WUQ4|1.0|I bought the kindle edition. It lacks ALL footnotes. chapters like appendix to ch 19, basically makes many of the arguments in the footnotes. They are totally gone. Do not buy the Kindle edition, not at least until you confirm what you are getting.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|I would have liked to have known what made this version a 'Special Edition' before I purchased this product.  It is in fact a double cd.  It is great. If you like Lady Gaga, you will love this cd.  I think it is worth paying a little extra for the Special Edition.
B00006HYQ5|5.0|In 2003, I was still getting used to using the trackpoint on my laptop.  A colleague took pity on me and lent me his IBM travel mouse.  I bought my own the next day, and I've been using it ever since.  I think the secret is that it's so small you can easily hold it between your thumb and ring finger, and your index and middle fingers rest on the buttons without thinking - so it takes no adjustment time when you move between the keyboard and mouse.  It's incredibly precise for a LED mouse, but the scroll wheel has always been a little wobbly - not a big deal.  I'm super-fussy about my mouse and keyboard, and I've tried to find a better mouse many times (the closest potential successor has been a USB Razor Pro Click), but after 8 years in my laptop bag I keep coming back to the increasingly battered little IBM.  In fact I only came to this page to make sure they were still selling them!
037582913X|5.0|I loved this book when I was a kid, and still appreciate its creativity today. I probably had it read to me more than 100 times as a child, and it was always fun.
B002C6A6FY|5.0|It's Casablanca. If you are thinking about getting the disc you already know it's a great film. The extras are nice, though Eberts'  commentary is more like a seminar in class then a movie enthusiast.
0689853637|5.0|I cannot believe what's possible with a good pop-up book. I'm an architectural designer and have often built models of paper, acrylic, bass wood, etc. I know how hard it is. To see such intricacy and elegance--and how the scenes come to life on each page--wow!! Absolutely incredible. I liked it so much that I bought a dozen other Robert Sabuda pop-ups.  Now I know why they call the authors \\"paper engineers.\\" There's some serious design/engineering that goes into books like this.   Keep up the good work, and I'll keep buying them!
B004J4WKTW|5.0|From page one you become engrossed in the magical upbringing of two people living separate lives, yet both as puppets of their father figures. The circus ultimately brings them together and creates a wondrous playground ultimately leading to the rebellion against their puppeteers fueled by love.<br /><br />(Kindle Version) The book is written so well! It gets a bit confusing when there are jumps back and forth in time between chapters, but ultimately when the story is finished it all makes sense. This is one of those stories that will go back and re-read again and again.
B004H1V5RU|3.0|I saw this in a store and thought it would be really fun, so I checked the reviews on Amazon and then bought one. It's a neat concept, but in reality it's very frustrating and not too much fun. The chutes aren't as exciting as they seem. Most of the time is spent trying to get the marble back onto a track without having to start at one of the few starting points (i.e., trying to avoid having to go through all the same chutes again).
0439023521|5.0|You may be doubting this book just because it is from Scholastic. But you've heard the saying don't judge a book by its cover before right? This applies well with this book. Like every good book it starts out slow but picks up rapidly. It is about a sixteen year old girl named Katniss living in the remains of what used to be North America. There is a Capitol along with it's 12 oulying districs. Every year the Capitol holds the annual Hunger Games in which two children, one boy,one girl, are sent to the Capitol and forced to participate in a bloody fight to the death. The further out you go from the capitol the more poor the districts get. Katniss is one of the few in District 12 that will defy the laws of the Peacekeepers to survive. She goes out on a daily basis to hunt and provide for her family. But after something terrible happens in her family she is forced to do something she would never think of. She will be forced to be a tribute in the Hunger Games. All in all this is a great book for all ages so if you get bored in the beginning just stick with it.
B0050SYS5A|1.0|Item makes the kinect function worse than it does normally.  In the kinect tuner the lines representing the body were jumping all over the place and I was unable to even navigate through a menu on a game to play it.  This was a big disappointment as the concept made sense but the implementation was non functional.  I'm surprised the company even shipped a product that worked so poorly.
B004EPYZZ8|4.0|Here's a real-life, feel-good, hero(ine) movie about Bethany Hamilton, victim of a horrific shark attack off the shores of her home surf in Hawaii. Having Dennis Quaid and Helen Hunt as part of the cast made the movie all the more enjoyable, but I'd have to say the drama of the whole movie was a little flat. The despair and struggle of losing a limb like this, not to mention the collateral effects on friends and family, seemed to be a barely perceptible transition from one state to the next. Also, the Christian theme underlying Bethany's ability to cope with this loss seemed merely incidental, instead of the bedrock foundation upon which she was able to soar through the struggles with a nearly super-human composure. Ah well...worth seeing in any event, and definitely worth the money.
0307272702|1.0|This book was so confusing, I never got the information that it was supposed to contain. It was supposed to be less scientifically technical than its predecesor, but you could have fooled me. This is the first book that I have ever thrown out!
B004WCTLNY|4.0|Matt Damon's a versatile actor, and we particularly like him in the Bourne series, but this is a refreshing twist on the usual 'couple falling in love' movie. Though lacking in specifics about how The Adjustment Bureau really works (left up to the imagination), the script is quick-paced, inventive, and ultimately satisfying. I'm not sure if a sequel will spawn from this movie, but if it does, we'll go watch it. Recommended.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|Great Movie, It keeps you glued to your seat! Emotions run high. Fighting scenes and special effects are great.Some parts of the movie made me cry. I can't wait until the last movie comes out on video.
B001UGIRF8|5.0|I've been listening to the DVD/CD box since it was released and I mostly agree with the overcompressed, harsh comments. If you use some software to lower the gain, they're much more listenable. However, I'm currently listening to the vinyl box set and it's a completely different experience. The lp's are much warmer and fuller sounding. To my ears it's much closer to the ambiance of the original lp's, with the clarity that remixing can provide. If you have a good turntable setup, then I'd recommend this set.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|For those who love puzzle games, this will keep you occupied for a long time.  Lots of levels and runs smooth on my motorola photon
B000V5Y2DK|2.0|I love DS9 but this episode was painful to watch.  For every gem of a series there are a couple episode that aren't at the same caliber and this is one of them.  Skipping it won't make you miss out on anything at all.
0307454541|1.0|My review is safe to read - there are no spoilers. I had two friends recommend this book, though one warned me, \\"The writing isn't great, but the story is good.\\" And then I had three friends tell me NOT to read it, including one which said, \\"I hated the writing.\\" I agree with the second group.<br /><br />I believe if a good writer had been handed this, they could have transformed it into a great 350-page mystery with real suspense and heart. As it is, Stieg Larsson wrote a boring close-to-600 page \\"saga.\\" At times, it reads like a very boring person's diary, written in third person. Let's not blame the translator either. If you look at the quoted excerpt below, you will realize that a translator isn't going to randomly add a mundane list of activities. Small things could have been lost in translation, but this stuff was dull in the first place:<br /><br />BOOK QUOTE: \\"Blomkvist started off his exile by carrying out his plan to go shopping in town. He got off the bus by the railway station and made a tour of the centre of town. Along the way he bought heavy winter boots, two pairs of long underwear, several flannel shirts, a proper thigh-length winter jacket, a warm cap, and lined gloves. At the electronics store, he found a small portable TV with rabbit ears. The sales clerk assured him that he would at least be able to get SVT, the state TV channel, out at Hedeby, and Blomkvist promised to ask for his money back if that turned out not to be the case. He stopped by the library to get himself a card and borrowed two mysteries by Elizabeth George. He bought pens and notebooks. He also bought a rucksack for carrying his new possessions. Finally, he bought a pack of cigarettes. He had stopped smoking ten years ago, but occasionally he would have a relapse. He stuck the pack in his jacket pocket without opening it. His last stop was the optician's, and there he bought contact lens solutions and ordered new lens. By 2:00 he was back in Hedeby...\\" END BOOK QUOTE<br /><br />Uh, good stuff, huh? So approximately, 150 pages of the book read just like that -- a catalogue of running errands, preparing meals, feeding the cat, going jogging, etc. The rest of the story, whether it is incredibly long descriptions of corporate structure or investigations into the Harriet mystery and related murders is written in a similar flavorless tone. There is a good deal of discussing and studying crimes from the past (where the story hints at promise), but there is really only about 75 pages of real-time suspense. Not much actually happens to the main characters Blomkvist and Salander.<br /><br />Given some of the horrific crimes (a few which unfold in real time, most of which are read about in newspapers/police reports), I should have felt disturbed. Instead, the writing is so distant that I don't really feel anything except for wonder why the book isn't scaring me or making me feel upset. The tone is so impersonal that in the end I don't really care. The characters are blueprints, but not fully developed or realized. And why are all the characters referred to by last name anyway -- is this a really long newspaper article?<br /><br />Stieg Larsson may have been a good journalist (I don't know), but I don't feel he was skilled as a novelist. I finished the book mainly due to the hype. But even the resolution was unsatisfying. Unfortunately, there were so few developed suspects (despite plenty of pages of textbook-style family history), that there were no real surprises by the time it meandered to its finish.<br /><br />Hidden in there is an interesting cold case about a missing teenage girl. The trail of clues is interesting and the small island setting would be fantastic if it were described vividly. Therefore, I look forward to a movie version which I expect to be better. However in book version, the mystery is bogged down by lackluster writing and poor character development.ximately, 150 pages of the book read just like that -- a catalogue of running errands, preparing meals, feeding the cat, going jogging, etc. The rest of the story, whether it is incredibly long descriptions of corporate structure or investigations into the Harriet mystery and related murders is written in a similar flavorless tone. There is a good deal of discussing and studying crimes from the past (where the story hints at promise), but there is really only about 75 pages of real-time suspense. Not much actually happens to the main characters Blomkvist and Salander.  Given some of the horrific crimes (a few which unfold in real time, most of which are read about in newspapers/police reports), I should have felt disturbed. Instead, the writing is so distant that I don't really feel anything except for wonder why the book isn't scaring me or making me feel upset. The tone is so impersonal that in the end I don't really care. The characters are blueprints, but not fully developed or realized. And why are all the characters referred to by last name anyway -- is this a really long newspaper article?   Stieg Larsson may have been a good journalist (I don't know), but I don't feel he was skilled as a novelist. I finished the book mainly due to the hype. But even the resolution was unsatisfying. Unfortunately, there were so few developed suspects (despite plenty of pages of textbook-style family history), that there were no real surprises by the time it meandered to its finish.  Hidden in there is an interesting cold case about a missing teenage girl. The trail of clues is interesting and the small island setting would be fantastic if it were described vividly. Therefore, I look forward to a movie version which I expect to be better. However in book version, the mystery is bogged down by lackluster writing and poor character development.
B000V5ZIBU|5.0|This episode covers so much ground and takes the viewer on an high-paced adventure.  Watching this first episode sucks you in immediately.  I would equate this as the same level as the Battlestar Galactica opening miniseries!
0439023521|5.0|Yes, I'm late to the game. But I finally read it, to see what all the fuss was about.<br /><br />WOW! I loved it, and I loved the three lead characters. The story was fast-paced, suspenseful--and even romantic. Ms. Collins drops the reader immediately into another world, one so different from mine, yet believable and vivid nonetheless.<br /><br />I can't wait to read the rest, in spite of inadvertently coming across a few reviews with spoilers on the ending. ): Maybe if I wait a few months, I'll forget that part!
B005CM9DX6|4.0|I've been listening to metal for over a decade.  My first ever death metal album was \\"Liberate Te Ex Inferis\\" by Zao.  I remember the chills I got the first time I heard the song \\"Desire the End.\\"  I got the same feeling years later when I first heard Opeth's \\"The Amen Corner.\\"  A long time has passed since I first discovered metal and it has been my favorite genre of music ever since.  It has been the soundtrack for my formative years and early adulthood.  To say my tastes have changes in ten years would be an understatement.  I have abandoned the notion that harder and faster is always better.  Opeth, as it seems, has taken a similar view.  Heritage marks a drastic change from their previous efforts, including their last release, \\"Watershed.\\"  Anyone expecting to hear the same old Opeth will be very disappointed.  Sorry folks, the growl and the grind are nowhere to be found.  Instead the album is almost purely progressive in its sound.  Still, it is beautiful and haunting, everything you could want from an Opeth album.  I can't help but feel like the knee-jerk reaction against the changes in Opeth's sound will be largely negative.  I hope I am wrong.  In my younger days I would have hated this album.  Over time, however, I think even the most cynical metal fans will have their minds opened and Heritage will viewed a prime example of what metal can be when it isn't bound by decades old rules about what metal \\"should be.\\"  Maybe I'm wrong, this is just my opinion after all.  Please, though, I urge anyone to give this album a chance even if you initially think it is garbage.  If you still hate it, there will be countless other ear shredding releases by other bands that I'm sure you will enjoy.  I'll be right there with you, as it is the sound I fell in love with so long ago.  All I ask is that people keep an open mind.  I would love to hear more releases like this.  In my opinion, the music on this album deserves a 5 out of 5.  I received the special edition of the album and was very impressed.  I am a nerd for neat packaging and found the 3D holographic cover to be a nice surprise.  The cover art is lovely.  The rest of the packaging is your standard dual disk folded packaging with pictures from the recording process as the included booklet.  I am a little sad that the lyrics were not included as part of the packaging but that is a small gripe.  I knocked off one star because accessing the two bonus tracks includes having to access the roadrunner website with the DVD in your computer when the songs should have just been included on the disk.  I have not checked out the DVD yet so it has not factored into my review.  TL;DR- Great album.  May not please metal purists or fans of Opeth's old sound.  Nice packaging.  Bonus songs are a pain to obtain.  Give it a chance.
B005EZJ3MW|1.0|First of all, it goes without saying that Demi Lovato is a perfect example of a corrupt and pandering media. Why do I say that? How many people in the press actually cared about Demi's Here We Go Again? Not many, even though it was legitimately impressive sophomore record. Fast forward to 2011, and now that Demi's officially bipolar and has been through several public breakdowns, everyone thinks she is legitimate with headlines such as Demi Lovato's Rebirth etc. It's sickening, especially as someone who found Demi's Here We Go Again to be a revelation. While at one point Selena Gomez and Demi Lovato could be considered equals, in the media's eyes, Demi is now real because she has serious issues. Give me a break.<br /><br />Now let's be frank, Skyscraper is a wonderful piece of pop. It has a strong melody, a very steady rhythm leading you through the verse and chorus that captures emotion like only pop music can. It has a serious and legitimate arrangement of piano and strings, and not only that, it features Demi's vocals at their airy and sighful best. I understood the way the media reacted to Skyscraper, not just because of her fallout, because in my honest opinion it was probably the first time they had listened to Demi outside her Disney work. On the other hand, Demi's supporters, not of the Disney Channel kind, have already heard this caliber of performance and were not surprised by it.<br /><br />On to the music though, Demitria, what have you done? Seriously. You go from a ridiculously bland debut to an absolutely brilliant pop masterpiece in Here We Go Again, proving that your voice and character were capable of everything from frantic rock electropop [Remember December] to sappy yet heartfelt ballads [Gift of a Friend] but more than anything, that you were capable of truly incredible music. Not only that, it is a rarity among the pop music of today, because it sounds like an actual record and not just singles looped together. But one piece stood out from them all..<br /><br />The piece I'm referring to is Catch Me, a three minute and ten second opus that you swear was from a more sophisticated music scene, say Spain or Japan. Music? Absolutely perfect, a driving string passage with plucked acoustic guitar. Vocals? Angelic, the kind you do not hear in a landscape dominated by belters: absolutely melodic with a breathy tone that makes them surreal. Overall, a beautiful acoustic piece of pop with an energetic and youthful flurry of rock at the end.<br /><br />Is there anything of such quality on Unbroken? No. Skyscraper is good, but it's no Catch Me, it's not even a Everytime You Lie. Demi Lovato's Unbroken is as pandering as the media that suddenly loves her because of her troubles. It has ridiculous guest spots, just like every other dime a dozen pop album of the past years. Not even Missy Elliot could save it, much respect to Misdemeanor Elliot herself.<br /><br />At one point, Demi Lovato sounds like Ashlynne Huff. At this point you are probably asking, who is Ashlynne Huff? Exactly. Nail on the freaking head, here we have someone who had the Mouse behind her and made millions of dollars without a dime of radio play, and now she sounds like a ridiculous hack who can't even sell her EP for $5 at Wal-Mart.<br /><br />For a moment she sounds like Rihanna, BUT Demi is not Rihanna, never will be. It's a different genre and the appeal of Rihanna's music comes not just from her excellent production but the fact that Rihanna has a unique voice shaped by her dancehall and reggae roots. The experience of a Rihanna album boils down to the music videos and tour that come with it, and how undeniably sensual she is; it's an entire package Demitria could never have.<br /><br />The rest of the album is padded by dance music. I personally love good dance pop.  However, there's a disconnect when Demi does it on Unbroken though. Whereas in a song such as Remember December, her vocals match the pace and feeling of the music, here we findelectropop clashing with been there done that power vocals. Worse, they're not even of the cheesy Europop variety, but of the JoJo-esque mini Whitney kind.<br /><br />As a critic, and a music lover, it's sad to see this as her third production. Let's take Demi's counterpart, Selena, into consideration.<br /><br />Selena Gomez has actually released three records in a short time, and while they are not masterpieces, they are solid pieces of dance fluff with flashes of brilliance. More than anything though, there's a consistency, a progression, and the obvious truth that Selena has found her identity as an artist.<br /><br />You go into a Selena Gomez album and you know what to expect, fun and wholesome dance music with touches of rock every now and then. The music is cute, it's innocent and fun! At times, there's little tiny hints of sexuality and rebellion, because she's young and going through what we all went through.  And without pandering, she reminds you she's proud of her Mexican roots and the fact that she came from a small town in Texas.<br /><br />That right there is an artist, the ball is in Selena's hands because her records sell decently with little to no promo, her catchier pieces sneak into adult and urban top 40s routinely, and people genuinely like and respect her. If she wants, she might be headlining tours and selling out venues. It's possible, because she is true to her craft. I mean, she could use her girlish charms and seduce Bieber into a guest spot on her last record, but she didn't! What does that tell you?<br /><br />Demi though? The natural progression of Here We Go Again is not Skyscraper or anything on Unbroken. If her sophomore effort was a great step forward, Unbroken is a gigantic step back. It's a short and uninspiring album which falls into the cliches of modern commercial music, unlike Here We Go Again, which was cohesive and unusually long for a teen pop album. That's the thing though, it wasn't a teen pop album, it was just a great pop record with production values that most likely went over the heads of most of the kids listening, and sadly was ignored by the music snobs who were to busy kissing Lady Gaga's rear end.<br /><br />In fact, I'm so disappointed I'll add insult to injury. Demi, I believed you when you said you had issues, when you revealed yourself as bipolar, I believed it and I felt for you and wished you the absolute best because I genuinely like you as an artist and a personality, but..<br /><br />You didn't need to do an about face and record an absolutely pathetic unbearable piece of music to prove it.
B003L77GRO|5.0|Julia Stiles was fantastic in this role.  It is nice to see her in a beefy role after the small role in the Bourne movies.  Michael C Hall really showed that Dexter has a soft side.  I've watched this season twice already, it is that good!
B004J4WKTW|5.0|I waited and waited for this book to reach me.  I just finished the story with much regret...as I wanted to stay lost in this story forever.  It is...incredible.  Erin, you are magical.  I knew the email address on the card at the end of the story, was real.  I hope there are more stories and books from you.  I really do!  Thank you....thank you with all my heart, for giving me the chance to find a book...the kind of book that gives you \\"that feeling\\". I cannot remember when, I last read such a \\"feeling\\" in such a grand \\"world\\"!!!<br />Sherry
B000PMLFRA|2.0|I don't know what they were thinking when putting this set together.  If you going to update it, you might as well fix the jumpy light saber scenes(new hope).  For what I paid for this set I was expecting deleted scenes, original scenes, etc.  Nope all you get is a magical audio comments.  I would return this nurf turd if I could, but I can't.  This blu-ray set is nothing more then a widescreen version of the DVDs.
B005N0PJJO|5.0|I'm absolutely in love with this author and this series.  Fifty Shades of Grey was good.  Good enough that I was thankful that there was more coming.  I gobbled it up in two days and it stayed with me afterwards.  I kept thinking about Anastasia and Christian.  Fifty Shades Darker is even better.  I really just got lost in this world.  I wanted to pace myself, to stretch it out, but it was impossible.  I had to know what happened next. EL James has created this lush world that I'm thrilled to have visited.  I've got touchstones in the form of music on my Iphone that allows me to have a gorgeous soundtrack of Fifty and Ana's story to pacify myself with as I anxiously await the next installment.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Now I just got this set yesterday and have only watched Episode IV but I would like to say that the picture quality is amazing.  I've got a lot of blu-ray discs and this one is on spot.  Sometimes when you get an old movie on blu-ray the picture quality isn't there.  This movie had amazing quality.    As for all the people reviewing this movie low based on the minor changes, move out of your mother's basement, it's a movie....it doesn't change the outcome, you're idiots.
0062502182|5.0|I got this from a friend as a PDF and read it in one night.  This book is a great read.  It shows you that we can all be alchemist and being an alchemist is not about turning lead into gold but of realizing your dreams and creating your own destiny.
B003NTMREM|2.0|I've been favorably impressed with other BBC shows I've seen via Amazon Prime IV, so was looking forward to this one as well despite the difference in genre. [The ones I've liked recently are Bleak House and Downton Abbey, but I also enjoy sci-fi. Dr. Who was an old favorite of mine growing up, as was Star Trek Next Gen, etc. etc. - so this is not a genre-based issue for me.] I'm second generation American, but most of my mother's family is still over in Wales, so I was excited about a show based in Cardiff, and quite predisposed to like it. The plot sounded interesting on synopsis, and I like the main actress, who in my opinion does a very good job with a very poor script. The actual episodes are barely coherent in their plotlines, and create situations so ludicrously unrealistic and implausible as to make suspension of disbelief untenable. I gave up halfway through the second episode.
0393317552|5.0|this book was very interesting. i gave it to a friend for them to read. very good book, glad i bought it
B004HO6I4W|4.0|My fiance and I had gotten this one in through Netflix and gave it a watch, because we'd missed it in the theatre.  We really like the animated movies and often watch those types together.  This is another really fun, light hearted one that I totally recommend checking out.  Great for the kids and the kids at heart!  :-)
B005ARYEY6|5.0|For fans, the lineup should tell you all you need to know. If you are new to Miles' music, these sets are both adventurous but also accessible, therefore a good introduction. The sound quality is fine to my ears. I haven't yet viewed the DVD, but expect a thoroughly enjoyable experience.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|Great job on the look, display, amount of data. I definitely will recommend to anybody who has to keep up with weather in different locals.
B004V98UKS|3.0|Played a few levels but gave up. Controls need work as well as the prompts. A bit more work and this could be a four or five star game.
0393317552|5.0|I found this book both an easy read that's loaded with interesting information. The author included a wonderful mix of anthropologic, paleontolologic, and historic subject matter.  However, recent anthropologic physical discoveries as well DNA studies have rendered Diamond's dates and migration paths of early modern man dated.......but that's science.
B0058VA2U4|5.0|Whorship Music? Yes. I would have to say by far the best sounding Anthrax album ever!I don't just mean recording quality either. I mean some very epic songs. These masters of the thrash scene have definately stepped things up creatively. Also, this is the first album in like a decade to include Joey Beladona back on vocals. He sounds amazing on this cd. Maybe better than the albums from the 80's. If you are a fan of his or just the band you are going to be blown away by Worship Music!!!
B000008I4Z|1.0|I think that once Fish left, they should have changed their name to Ambien, because Steve Hogarth puts me to sleep. This album is SOOOO incredibly boring and dull and I can not get into to it, and its supposed to be best of the H albums. Today I tried, for the third time to get this album to click, but turned it off in the middle of the 7th song. I can not make it from beginning to end, no matter how hard I try.   You would think the whole band left when Fish did, since this sounds nothing like Fish-era. There's no energy, or charisma or balls. Its so bland, passive and wimpy. I seriously think I hate this album, but that is just my personal opinion. I know a lot of people love this album and I respect that. I just wish I could be one of them. I love Fish-era Marillion passionately and its a true Prog crime that he only had 4 albums with the band.
B000JJS8TM|1.0|I bought this DVD thinking about CIRQUE DU SOLEIL show and what is it exactly? It's only a DVD with no VIDEO, NO SHOW, ONLY SONGS. Why do I need a DVD to play SONGS? I don't need a DVD for this.<br />This is the worst purchase I've ever made in my life. I felt like throwing money to the garbage.<br />TERRIBLE!!!! DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT BUYING THIS. THIS IS FAKE.
B0034JKZ3G|5.0|As soon as the movie came out, I knew I was going to get the Blu-Ray for it. This movie is absolutely the best new animated movie for Disney. The Blu-ray combo pack really gives me the chance to watch it and share it with my friends. The extra features on the Blu-ray really give amazing back story about what the movie is and came from. Well worth the little extra.
B004EPYZOO|2.0|\\"Drive Angry\\" has muscle cars, pretty 20 something aged women, a Satanic cult group, state trooper road blocks, fancy weapons, and lots of shooting guns at people with the intent to kill.  There is a lot of vulgar language, lots of gratuitous female nudity, lots of violence, and Nicolas Cage portrays a guy who comes back from the dead, well hell actually, and interacts with still living humans - in particular, the devil worshiping cult leader who killed his daughter, and intends upon sacrificing his granddaughter.  The character portrayed by Nicolas Cage doesn't seem to have much for special powers, but the agent from hell who calls himself the accountant, has all kinds of god-like powers.  The accountant is played by the actor William Fichtner.  William Fichtner has been in \\"Equillibrium,\\" the TV series \\"The West Wing,\\" \\"Black Hawk Down,\\" \\"Switchback,\\" \\"Armageddon,\\" and \\"Crash.\\"  Christa Campbell, Katy Mixon, and Charlotte Ross present themselves to us wearing the pajamas God gave them during the film, and Amber Heard just demonstrates her potty mouth.  There is a lot of f-bomb talk, and some 1970's style far away camera shots of older women (of less model quality) that dance around at a campfire party in the nude, but the camera isn't kept still and focused enough to be sure they are actually real women instead of manikins from a clothing store.  Amber Heard doesn't show much skin, and seems oblivious to reality or danger.  David Morse (the dad from \\"Contact\\") appears as an ally late in the film and basically is just a familiar face to give the movie more star power.  The movie has some interesting parts to it, and good looking women in the buff, however, somehow, this movie falls short of staying in one track.  It doesn't really make Nicolas Cage's character un-kill-able, and the viewer is expected to be okay with waffling between the believable and the insanity-level unbelievability of supernatural elements now and then.  There are several hot women going buff, however Amber Heard seems like she is trying to convince us she has enough acting ability she doesn't need to participate in the skin fest (I'm definitely not convinced). The one hour and forty five minutes movie never gets off the ground and could have been ten times better with somebody else besides Nicolas Cage in the lead role.  The mystery and powers of William Fichtner as the accountant are a much stronger element of this film than Cage's performance.  Billy Burke gives us a 1970's documentary type performance as the cult leader, and could have had a lot more substance to his acting.  The story has potential, but needs some replacements in the casting, as well as a bit better writing to make it less cheesy and less juvenile audience geared for the small genitalia crowd who pseudo-compensate their self-image by the kind of car (or 4-wheel drive pickup) they drive.  Nicolas Cage needs to find a different career, and I wish I had his marketing agent.however Amber Heard seems like she is trying to convince us she has enough acting ability she doesn't need to participate in the skin fest (I'm definitely not convinced). The one hour and forty five minutes movie never gets off the ground and could have been ten times better with somebody else besides Nicolas Cage in the lead role.  The mystery and powers of William Fichtner as the accountant are a much stronger element of this film than Cage's performance.  Billy Burke gives us a 1970's documentary type performance as the cult leader, and could have had a lot more substance to his acting.  The story has potential, but needs some replacements in the casting, as well as a bit better writing to make it less cheesy and less juvenile audience geared for the small genitalia crowd who pseudo-compensate their self-image by the kind of car (or 4-wheel drive pickup) they drive.  Nicolas Cage needs to find a different career, and I wish I had his marketing agent.
0061537969|3.0|Although I love, love, love dogs and am a total dog person, I was not in love with this book.  As many others seem to be by all the reviews I've read.  It was overly sad and predictable, graphic in ways that seemed unnecessary.  Besides, I'm sure dogs don't go on to be humans in their next lives, it's THE OTHER WAY AROUND!
0345349571|1.0|Barbara Tuchman was an American historian who wrote about several different periods.  She was not a specialist and not a medievalist, though she was a fine historian (see A.L.Rowse's assessment in 'Historians I Have Known').<br /><br />This book is incredibly rich: it paints a very entertaining portrait of the fourteenth century; and the idea of linking many different episodes through the life of one individual, Enguerrand de Coucy (whom the English called 'Sir Ingelram') is a good one from the literary point of view; but there are serious objections.<br /><br />The book treats the fourteenth century as an entity, and seeks to characterise it.  It generalises about the life that our ancestors lived in that period.  So we are led to believe that life was the same in England as in other parts of medieval Europe, when it was not, or may not necessarily have been.<br /><br />Tuchman did not have much sympathy for the ruling classes or for chivalry or for that matter for Christianity.  She paints an incredibly gloomy picture.  She would have us believe that the fourteenth century, as a whole, in every  Western European country, was 'calamitous'; but one has to ask whether it was more calamitous than any other; and whether she overlooks the positive, because the gloomy is more eye-catching.  Medievalists no longer see the late Middle Ages as being a period of decline and decay, where men were fixated on Death, or in some way waiting for the Renaissance.  The book could be regarded as a somewhat exaggerated version of an outdated and old-fashioned view of the period.<br /><br />Ultimately, the answer to the idea that the fourteenth century was calamitous and that medieval people were in that time singularly unfortunate and depressed is Chaucer's 'Canterbury Tales', where one encounters people who are full of life and go about their business much as we do, in pursuit of love, money, sex, honour, fame and self-esteem.  Chaucer's pilgrims were not obsessed with morbid thoughts of death. They liked a good story, a drink, and companionship, much as we do.<br /><br />Stephen Cooperrink, and companionship, much as we do.  Stephen Cooper
B000RZIGVS|5.0|This product is great, but only if you buy it NEW knowing you are getting the real deal.  I officially own the real set and the bootleg, and the majority of the complaints represent the bootleg version.  The only real downside of the real deal is that instead of a booklet listing the seasons, you get instead a foldout poster which frankly I would never use.  The bootleg is garbage and is almost guaranteed from a used seller.  The discs are doubled up for each tray, and the trays for some reason are very brittle.  The video quality is poor because the video is compressed onto single layered discs and not double layered.  At a glance, it does look legit, but once you fumble with the three sections of trays that hold the discs, it crumbles almost instantly around the edges.  Do not buy used.  I repeat, do not buy used.  I buy used a lot, but for whatever reason the Star Trek universe is filled with so many copy cats, this is one franchise I would steer clear of used.  Now that is said, the new product is the entire series of Star Trek: The Next Generation.  The video quality is great.  Not HD Blu-ray great, but great for any DVD set for a program such as this.  The trays are in bundles of three.  But one disc rests in each tray section, instead of two, and when you thumb through the discs in the bundles I found the trays to be sturdy, and reliable.  It saves space vs buying each individual season, plus you do get one more disc of bonus features.  And for an avid collector of DVDs, saving space is great, and doubly great if you get more for saving space.  If you enjoy Star Trek, buy this.  If you never seen the show, watch it in syndication, decide for yourself, then buy this.  It may seem costly as an all in one buy, but it is worth it.
B000069AT7|5.0|Bought this as a gift for someone who wanted the \\"anniversary\\" version of ET, and they said this is it!  They love it!
B004I2K4DY|5.0|I am a huge fan of Les Mis and was very excited for the 25th anniversary concert. I thought the casting was near perfect.  Despite many criticisms, Nick Jonas truly fulfilled his role as Marius.  His facial expressions truly reflected Marius' character. While his voice may not be as strong as most stage performers, his acting was great and surely made up for it. Samantha Bark's voice was absolutely perfect for Eponine- arguably the best Eponine I've heard.   Would love to see this come out on CD as well. This is for sure my favorite recording of the show
B002MQYOFW|4.0|the hunger games is a well thought out book and for that i will give it credit. Collins did a good job by the 100th page. the beginning was a boringly slow start and that is the only thing that i would change about it. nice jpb collins
B000LB7G00|5.0|This product is so good that it replaces oxygen in the Krebs Cycle.  You won't have to breathe again for the rest of your life after purchasing this thing, whatever the heck it is.  No, no, just kidding. I know what it is.  In all honesty this 3d mouse was easy to use and DRAMATICALLY increases your ability to do 3d modeling!
B004EBUXSA|5.0|This thing is FAST!!  I mainly use my rig for compositing with high resolution video. This is very CPU intensive. I was on the fence between this and the 2500K. Lots of people tried to persuade me into buying the 2500K saying that I would not notice much of a difference, but I can't imagine that being true now that I have this. I run this processor at full capacity each time I render some of my work! All 8 threads are always over 90% in use during renders and if I had only 4 threads instead, I can imagine this happening much slower. Runs fairly cool with the stock cooler. Have not seen temps much higher than about 85C which is alright. I have not OCed it yet, but I might need an aftermarket cooler if I do. But for now its more than fine with stock cooling.  Highly recommended!
B0051CSI0G|3.0|After reading the reviews and seeing that it got 3.5 stars, I was looking forward to this movie. Did I just miss the good parts? Yes, it was dark, violent, and bloody; that was the best part of the movie. People change their personalities, disappear, and act really stupid (actually, the stupid ones seem to survive). There's no explanation for the \\"nightmare that has become America,\\" no reason why \\"New Eden\\" (which turns out to be Canada) doesn't have the same problems, and no cause for the super-bad guy that leads to the only real tension in the movie. The people who die had no reason to, there's no reason for the survivors to live, there's no cause for the bad guys to be bad or the good guys to be good, there's no explanation of why the good guys' leaders are constantly smoking -- there's not even a description of how the people can carry small daypacks for ten days in the wilderness and end up with changes of clothing, parkas, tents, and food (let alone all the cigarettes the leader is smoking)could have done without the kids voiceover telling the audience whats pretty much immediately happening onscreen. It seems to end just because the production ran out of money; there's no real belief that the last \\"good guys\\" have actually made it to a safe area. I would have to say that this is the first movie I've seen in years that was genuinely bad, but not bad enough to be interesting.
B003ZSJ212|4.0|Star Wars Blu-ray box set  Packaging...  The box set is just beautiful, the best I've ever seen on a DVD set or Blu-ray.  A very well constructed hard cardboard case.  Open it up and there's an equally well made book, with nine flaps, each holding one of the nine disks.  I say again this is the nicest looking box set that I've ever seen.  Format...  All six movies have very good picture and sound.    Changes ... As far as I know that changes to Episode I The Phantom Menace...  They replaced Yoda with the digital one first seen in Episode II, which I think is an improvement for that particular movie.  And when Obi wan and Qui-gon first meet Darth-Maul, after Darth-Maul ignites is light saber he lets out a small growl.    Episode II Attack of the Clones ... For me a tie matching up with The Empire Strikes Back, this is the best one in this series.  When Anakin is having a nightmare about his mother, you hear her cries.  The scene where Duke who flies away on his air speeder near the end of the movie, the background behind him is cleaner and not as fake looking.   Episode III Revenge of the Sith...  As far as I saw there were no changes to this one at all.  Episode IV A New Hope...  As noted in the sand people seen R2.D2.  Is more surrounded by rocks when he is hiding is OK.  And the change they made to Obi Wan's  Crate Dragon call was terrible.  Other than that the movie is fine.  Episode V The Empire Strikes Back...  It was said in this one, the scene with the wampa getting his arm chopped off was fixed.  Matching this up with my previous DVD version, I really couldn't tell the difference.  Other than that the movie is perfect.  Episode VI Return of the Jedi...  Jobba's as door is bigger, so what.  The added alien walking around in Jobba's palace, was OK.  The ewoks eyes blinking were not that noticeable, except for wicke'ts in certain scenes.  And Vaders cries of NO... weren't as bad as you might think.  I did catch two scenes where there was a little bit of staticheard in the background, checking that out with my previous DVD I noticed the crackling in that one too.  The only reason I think it's more noticeable on this one, is because Blu-ray is set up for better sound.  Final say, all six movies are good.  The only disappointment was obi Wan's crate dragon call in A New hope.  Special features...  All six movies practically have the same order of special features.  A couple interviews, deleted scenes, design and costume looks, clip art.  Although the behind the scenes features are excellent.  The clip art is just that.  The designs and costumes are nice; almost each one has a video documentary clip at the end.  The deleted scenes are the only things I didn't like, if you want better deleted scenes I would go with the previous box set.  The deleted scenes in the first three episodes are not completed, some of them are still being shot with their Annamaddix and blue screens.  To add a disappointing note, these are all new deleted scenes.  Either fewer or more than the previous set and not a single one is the same.  The one from Revenge of the Sith where Yoda lands on Dagobah isn't even in this one.  So the deleted scenes for the pre- trilogy, not that great.  The original movies have better scenes.  We finally get to see Luke looking up with his binoculars at the battling starships and where Biggs comes to meet him on Tatoine.  Like before most of these are unfinished scenes and rough cuts, but there a lot better.  And each movie has two audio commentaries.  The first by George Lucas and crew, the other is archival interviews with cast and crew.   Documentaries...  The making of Star Wars...  An original 1977 documentary, performed by R2.D2 and C3PO.  The Empire Strikes Back SPFX...  Original 1980 documentary. That shows the special effects of the Star Wars movies and other material.  Performed and narrated by Mark Hamill.  Classic Creatures: Return of the Jedi... 1983 documentary.  Looking at the monsters and creatures fromthe Star Wars movies and other classic films.  Performed and narrated by Carrie fisher and billy Dee Williams.  Anatomy of a Dueback...  1997 documentary.  Giving you a play by play of what they went through to create the special edition scenes.  Starr Warriors...  2007 documentary.  This documentary looks at the rose bowl parade, commemorating the 30th anniversary of Star Wars.  Star Wars Tech... 2007.  A look at how the Star Wars technology might or might not be real today.  A Conversation With The Masters: The Empire Strikes Back 30 Years Later...  George Lucas, Irvin Kerschner, john Williams and Lawrence Kasdan reflect on the film and what it meant to them.  Star Were Spoofs... 2011.  Multimedia television and Internet do their part in contributing to the Star Wars phenomenon.  For example...  Robot Chicken, Family Guy, The Simpsons, Weird Al Yankovic and more  On a sadder note, the things you do not get in this box set...  The original unchanged versions, theatrical trailers and the best documentary I've ever seen Empire Of Dreams.  In this I recommend you keep your old DVD box set.  In the long run I think this blue-ray is a pretty good buy.  It has its good points as well as it's bad, but doesn't everything.  A final comment to George Lucas...  Stopped fixing things that don't need to be fixed.  Why don't you digitally RE master A New Hope so that the storm trooper doesn't bump as head, or when the Tie Fighters are flying around the Millennium Falcon you can still see an outline of them added background.  Final comment to the upset fans...  Ever since 1997 when George Lucas released the special edition, he has been constantly making changes.  I really don't think the fans are upset because he keeps on making changes to these movies.  I think the fans are more exhausted with the fact that every time he makes a change he releases a new box set I think I speak for everybody out there when I say, George enough already
0345529057|5.0|Definitely would recommend this product and author.  Very happy that I ordered all four books, I decided I enjoyed the HBO Series so well, that I wanted to read the next book before the second season comes out.  Couldn't be happier with product and author.  If you have become enthralled by the HBO series and can't wait for next season...check it out.
B00005MJ13|5.0|OK. I capitulate. There can't be that many recordings that earn a \\"perfect score\\" - all five stars - with, amongst others, Mssrs. Richman, VanSande and the \\"Santa Fe Listener\\" in the mix, but I originally scored this one just a tad lower, a hair under 5 stars.  But as I've enjoyed repeated listening, I now have to give it top marks. Still, as beloved a figure as Fricsay was, he sometimes had a tendency to play around with tempi a bit too much, even in the revered Beethoven 9th.  Here, in the \\"New World\\" the first movement, played virtually \\"straight\\", but with tremendous brio, is outstanding. The largo is sumptuous and gorgeously executed but just too slow for my taste, yet is rescued by the incredible playing and the perfection achieved by the recording engineers. In the largo, one can sense and appreciate the Furtwangler-like concentration, and the mood of intimacy and somber grace that Fricsay is obviously seeking, and achieving, yet still feel it is less than ideal. The scherzo is very good, well-paced and extremely well-articulated, although the trio is a bit too placid, and lacks the bucolic, Beethovenian approach I prefer. Moreover the finale seems a little mundane and doesn't really \\"rip\\" until the concluding section. I own many of Fricsay's recordings, including the Eroica and the Beethoven 5th, both on vinyl, and while the sound of the BPO is stupendous and lush (pre the exclusive Karajan era) and the recordings themselves phenomenal the performances have always seemed to lack a certain degree of excitement. Only when Fricsay was willing to truly let go, as in the coda of the first movement of the New World, in the Moldau, and some sections of Les Preludes does this recording soar. Let's say 4 1/2 stars for the interpretations, and 5 1/2 for the playing and the recording, so, with reservations, a reluctant 5 stars.
B000VZGK3K|3.0|This on-the-surface look at the life and times of one of America's most notorious recluses delivers plenty of dirt, if not much real introspection. The mysterious Howard Hughes is certainly a tricky subject to nail down, with much of his daring decision-making and eventual descent into madness left officially undocumented, but I still haven't managed to shake the sense that there's a lot of meat to this story that's just been left outside to rot. Cate Blanchett is positively enveloping in her role as Katharine Hepburn, for which she deservedly won an Oscar, but the rest of the cast feels too careful and uncertain, particularly Leonardo DiCaprio's turn as Hughes himself. Leo's eyes don't seem bright enough to concoct the miracles he's performing, while his smirk lacks the cocksure authenticity that would make the most powerful men in the country shudder. Director Martin Scorsese seems similarly lost amidst such complicated material, which comes as a real surprise. Scorsese hammers his audience over the head with the outward symptoms that made Hughes such a curious individual in his later years, but falls short in examining the reasonable, humanizing concerns that led to such paralyzing compulsions. As an adventurous history lesson one could do far worse, but for such a long run time and such a colorful subject to deliver so few answers is a major disappointment.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|I absolutely love this movie. It was wonderful! It is so creative and interesting. I can't wait for a movie marathon watching all the HP movies with my fiance!
B004XQO90E|4.0|In the not-at-all-distant future, the US military runs a trial of their new take on time travel. Through a loosely-explained implementation of cutting edge technology, they're able to insert an unwitting agent into the near past, where he then relives the eight minutes immediately preceding a terrorist attack over and over again, desperately seeking suspects and answers. I'm typically a big fan of this style of high-concept science fiction flicks, and for the great majority of its running time, Source Code manages to continuously one-up itself in that respect. The film doesn't shy away from delivering powerful, surprising answers as events play themselves out, while a deep, complex script ensures there's always a new mystery to pick up where the last one left off. With that nice juicy carrot always dangling just out of reach and a breakneck pace from start to finish, this plays more like an intense, brilliant short film and not the feature-length offering it actually is. Though an awkward, mismatched happy ending does sour things to a certain extent, the sharp curves it navigates before running into that brick wall won't easily be forgotten.
B005BO4OY8|4.0|THis was a good movie, not great but very good!  I would recommend this for someone that enjoys the hype of gathering more and more information  to increase the total picture of what is happening in an event you start out not knowing anything about.  But, you are getting more and more interested in what will happen that is significant to get the end result that you need to get the girl!  Ha-ha!  Just kidding it really is all about something else!  What is that?  Watch the movie.
B002QFYJF4|3.0|Like each one of writer / director Paul Thomas Anderson's other films, I found Magnolia to be excessively long, desperately wordy, hopelessly plodding and wholly hypnotic. Anderson's developed an innate talent for crafting versatile, flawed, joylessly realistic characters facing the end of their rope, and in that regard this might just be his best work. While the author's deliberate pace is admittedly a major hurdle, it also allows him to explore his cast to an intimate degree that's untouched by his contemporaries. His characters seem so resistant to forward momentum, in fact, that the eventual arrival of major plot developments often caught me completely by surprise, like being stabbed in the heart by a sloth. Though Tom Cruise, Julianne Moore and William H. Macy deliver the most rewarding performances, this is really an ensemble piece that would fall flat without the presence of an equally powerful supporting cast. A terrific exercise in characterization, it's tragically narcoleptic at times.
0385341008|5.0|I loved this book - it's a gem!  Very readable with unforgettable characters.  I highly recommend it for any reading audience.
0060775858|5.0|I read this book to all four of my Sons and will be reading it to all my Grandchildren.  The book is really fun.
B0042RJWTC|5.0|Jonathan Rys Myers has become one of my favorite actors, and not just because he is so good looking but he is really a brilliant actor.  I'm sorry the series had to end I had become quite addicted to the Tudors.  I hope to see more of him in the future.
B0002VFXFE|5.0|It came reasonably quickly and was what was expected.  The product itself I have to test to see how good it actually is.
B000F0UV0E|5.0|Arguably my 2 all-time favorite artists collaborating on a full album!!! I've been a longtime fan of ELH, having almost all of her work. I've also been a fan of Dire Straits and Mark Knopfler early on. I have heard them together before on a limited basis. As such, for me at least, this is not a NEW discovery but rather the unique melding of 2 of the best individual talents that exist.  You will note that Emmylou has always been a willing and much sought out collaborator on songs of any number of genres. Knopfler has also seemed to be on a quest to expand his already broad horizons, teaming with an equally diverse selection of artists. It was only a matter of time that they would not only come together, but stay at least long enough to create this beautiful work.  Familiar as I am with their work, this doesn't have the novelty of a newly discovered artist but does have the genuinely long lasting savoriness of tried & true meeting its equal to create something rare and unique. I'll listen to this for years.
034544678X|4.0|i recommend this book as other Patricia B's work. understanding the psychology and emotions of the dog is very important for both the pet and the human parent to be happy. informative and definitely a good buy
B00158K0S8|5.0|Fabulous for me since my dad was in the resistence and went to the D-Day and recover first the parachutist at Sainte-Mere l'Eglise and then went to Omaha Beach, and engaged himself in the US army with Patton.. He help to liberate Paris and went with Patton to the junction with the russians.. So Patton was always part of my life.. Not having this film will not be right..  Very good film.. Other film to buy too if you want to see more, is the real film the crew of Hollywood did in color following Patton : D-Day to Berlin.from George Stevens.
B002SAUCBC|3.0|I love Stephen King, sometimes.  The man is a prolific writer and sometimes that's his downfall. When you've written a gazillion books, not all of them can be winners and \\"The Long Walk\\" isn't a winner, in my opinion.  Don't get me wrong, it's all right, but, that's the problem...it's just all right and not up to the standards I expect of Mr. King. I also read [[ASIN:1439149038 Under the Dome: A Novel]]and was greatly dissapointed. As in \\"The Long Walk\\" it has its moments, but if you're expecting a [[ASIN:0385086954 Carrie]]or a [[ASIN:0743437497 The Shining]]you're going to be dissapointed.  Sometimes Mr King writes just to write and for that I'm sorry.
B0013527I4|5.0|Classic muppets!  I have all three of the currently available Muppet Show dvd sets and love them all!  Impatiently waiting for the fourth!
B00007G207|5.0|Okay, this is important, really important:<br /><br />1. If you possess a romantic bone in your body and you haven't seen Cinema Paradiso, you absolutely need to.  It is, for many of us, one of the most beautifully romantic films ever made.  A love story - and also a love letter to the magic of movies - it possesses a romantic grandeur which encompasses in its great sweep of a tale love, joy, pathos, the exhilaration of youth, and a good deal of melancholic nostalgia.  You'll laugh, you'll cry... and you'll absolutely fall in love with the last scene, which is one of the most wonderful endings to a film ever.<br /><br />BUT<br /><br />2. If you *haven't* seen the film before, PLEASE watch the original version first.  Trust me on this... first impressions are really important, and if you watch the \\"new\\" 3-hour version first you'll never be able to enjoy the original as you would have if you'd been new to the story.<br /><br />Why do I say this?  Two reasons.  First, the new version adds 51 minutes, mostly towards the end, and in doing so takes what was a pretty much perfect film and transmutes it into something that is diluted and at times more mundane.  Second and more significantly, the additional footage \\"explains\\" what actually happened between Salvatore (the central character) and the love of his life, a girl named Elena who in the original version disappears after her parents (who disapprove of the romance) leave the area.  Why is this bad?  Well, some will argue that it's not... but for me, the \\"true\\" story (the one you didn't get in the original version), by dispelling the mystery, significantly weakens the romance.  A girl who disappears and leaves her lover forever wondering and cherishing her memory is poignant but crushingly romantic in its perpetual mystery; a film that reunites the two characters in middle age and reveals a sad twist to their story is - again, for me at least - a lot less magical.<br /><br />The additional parts in the new version come across rather like a sequel to the original that demystifies and drags down the brilliance of the original story.<br /><br />As i said, others may disagree, and if you're one of those people who loves this new version and what it reveals, more power to you.  But if you've never seen Cinema Paradiso, see the original first, and immerse yourself in this gloriously romantic film, which also features one of the most beautiful of soundtracks (by Ennio Morricone).  Then, if you want, see the longer version and decide for yourself.  You'll certainly have some lingering questions answered, but you may well find yourself wishing that you hadn't.across rather like a sequel to the original that demystifies and drags down the brilliance of the original story.<br /><br />As i said, others may disagree, and if you're one of those people who loves this new version and what it reveals, more power to you.  But if you've never seen Cinema Paradiso, see the original first, and immerse yourself in this gloriously romantic film, which also features one of the most beautiful of soundtracks (by Ennio Morricone).  Then, if you want, see the longer version and decide for yourself.  You'll certainly have some lingering questions answered, but you may well find yourself wishing that you hadn't.
B004RSCWZ2|2.0|I really wanted to like this album, but I just can't get into it. I'm a huge Derek Trucks fan and own all his other records. But with this album and band (11 musicians), more = less. There are about four songs I really like: \\"Come See About Me\\" \\"Bound for Glory\\" \\"Learn How to Love\\" and \\"Love Has Something Else to Say.\\" The rest are slow, depressing and boring. Trucks' guitar playing is excellent as always, but Susan Tedeschi's raspy voice gets extremely annoying after a while - the way she belts/yells all the time is very grating and exhausting to listen to. Meanwhile, Mike Mattison is wasted as a backup vocalist and his voice is indistinguishable in the mix - he may as well not be on the album. They have two drummers but you really can't tell - one would have been fine. Everyone on the album is very talented, but it's too big, too much, and the individual talents get lost. The slow, dark songwriting really weighs the album down too, and it loses all its momentum in the middle. I wish Derek and Susan would keep their careers separate - I love the Derek Trucks Band and their albums, and I have a couple Susan Tedeschi albums that are good. But this band and album is kind of a disappointment. Hopefully Trucks will get back to fronting his old band (Derek Trucks Band) soon.
B00008WT5J|5.0|this is a great rock cd,the sound was great the only thing is that i wish that i had a album of this for a better sound
030788743X|5.0|I absolutely adored this book. I was nervous to read since I know very little about 80's pop culture and am awful at video games but I loved it! It's an exciting ride that gets better with every page. By the end I was reading in public but audibly cheering them on. Read it, it's absolutely my favorite this year.
B00008WT5C|5.0|this is a geat cd the sound and the rock and roll were great,the only thing is that i wish that i this on a lp which has a better sound
1932100660|5.0|This is the best book out there that explains the relationship between diet and cancer.  It also discusses the relationship between diet and other diseases.  The author is the real deal.  With so much controversy over the medical industry  perpetuating a need for the treatments instead of the cure, you will be totally knowledgeable with regard to the scam the greedy medical industry uses in the name of healthcare.  Big phama and the medical industry are in bed with each other to exploit peoples fears with regard to disease.  As a cancer survivor, I can assure you this book is on base.  I can assure you of the truths within.  Why would anyone want a cure for any disease that renders the industry trillions in \\"treatment?\\" Treatment is the money driven priority, not cures.  There is little money in cures.  This book should be mandatory reading for all students in America.  If you know anyone who has cancer or heart disease, have them read this book after you read it.  This book will at the very least allow folks to make more informed choices with regard to the treatment choices in front of them.  I have read many publications since my diagnosis.  None of them equal the China Study.
B0050PYNO4|3.0|the movie was all right,it was a little slap stick kind of movie i thought when i bopught iot that i would be alot funnier bur it was not
B003L77GGK|5.0|my package came in amazing condition, brand new and still in the wrapping. no bumps on the packaging or anything like that. not only that, but it came WAY earlier than expected it was a very good surprise :)
B004LWZW4C|5.0|this is a real go movie,goes well with all the other x-man movies that are already been put out.would suggest this a anybody thta like a good movie
0596007124|5.0|Great starter book on Design Patterns. I read this as a beginning Java developer and I think it was a much better place to start than the Gang of Four.   I'd recommend for beginners.
B004HO6I4W|5.0|ths is a very funny movie well done,great annimation i would rate this up to one of the toy storys and other like it,every one should love it great movie
0321356683|5.0|Every Java developer should have, and read, this book. I've read through the entire book, plus I go back and look at random items here and there. I've continuously found the contents useful and sometimes when I go back after having more experience, I find even more gems.  If you develop Java for a living, you should have this book. That is, unless you happen to know everything in it already.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|I first watched this series on HBO and really enjoyed it. Alot I didnt know. Then I bought the Dairy of John Adams, wich was written in almost every day for over 50 yrs. As I read the Dairy I found that their journeys were laid out in map form, listing places, towns, hotels, sea ports, Churches, castles...etc. I decided to look up these places using google earth and come to find out that 240 yrs later these places still exist. For example John and Abigail stayed in Cowes for a week at the Fountain Inn. Its still there and one can google earth it and see the exact place they stayed. Then they moved down the road to see a famous church, its stil there. I followed them accross the Atlantic using the Lat & Long they wrote down. It is alot of fun to trace their journey from town to town, as they describe the places that they are in, and you can see exactly what they saw. Give it a try if you have the time, its alot of fun!
B0050G3NWG|5.0|Like most people, I consider this film to be one of the greatest (if not the greatest) of all American films.  I won't bore readers with my praise.  I will say this:  Having seen this film countless times, I'm never sure, as I watch it, just what scene is coming up next.  Amazing!  I have a question regarding the specifications listed on Amazon.  It lists the aspect ratio as 1.77:1.  Surely, the original film is 1.33:1.  Has the aspect ratio been altered for this blu-ray release?
B000NA1OXY|4.0|Always been a fan of Avril Lavigne and I looked forward to this CD. While most of what is on it I enjoy, there are some that don't feel like it's better than what she's done before. I don't think it's the best. I don't think it's a step up. I think it's okay, but it's not the greatest.  Still, I enjoyed it.
B005F96URI|4.0|\\"Revenge is an act of style.\\" When a man (Hartnett) bent on revenge come to a city he finds what he is looking for. He begins fighting his way through nine very different and very deadly assassins on his way to the one he want. This is another movie that really surprised me as to how good it was. Having never seen a preview or even really heard about it I had no idea what to expect. While the movie is not that original it takes from many different types of movies and blends them together in a very interesting and exciting way. Some aspects have been taken from \\"Scott Pilgrim vs The World\\", \\"Kill Bill\\" and \\"Sin City\\" just to name a few. This is more like \\"Sin City\\" then the others in the style that it uses and the \\"comic-booky\\" feel that it has. The fighting is great, and is refreshing to see an action movie that doesn't rely on guns to make it fun. The cast is great and the movie is very fun, very much worth your time. The only thing that bothered me is that it didn't need to be two hours long. They could have cut at least 15-20 min out and had it move at a more exciting pace. Other then that I really enjoyed this. Overall, a very entertaining way to spend your time and money. I give it a B.<br /><br />Would I watch again? - I don't think so *Also try - Sin City & Tekken
B004G600A4|5.0|These guys were great! The DVD was loose in the case for the first one and turned around and sent me another. Thanks guys
B004A8ZWW4|5.0|***There may be some minor spoilers***<br /><br />If you follow this link you will see some very detailed reviews, however, I'll try to keep this one short.  And this is a review of the movie, not the later DVD product; I've only seen the two hour movie.  \\"Real Steel\\" is the second reworking of the Richard Matheson (author of movies and novels like \\"Duel\\", \\"The Night Stalker\\", \\"I Am Legend\\") short story 'Steel'.  The first was on Rod Serling's \\"The Twilight Zone\\" and starred the great Lee Marvin.  Richard Matheson's fiction and films influenced everybody from Stephen King to Stephen Spielberg.  His story 'Little Girl Lost' also became a \\"Twilight Zone\\" episode, and later became Spielberg's \\"Poltergeist\\" movie.  His very first published short story is an acknowledged classic.<br /><br />Here we see a complete re-working of the story, and the broken down manager of a broken down robot becomes a broken down ex-boxer Charlie Kenton (Hugh Jackman) who is an incompetent, gambleholic owner of a series of robots who keeps blowing every chance he's given.  Suddenly, while on the run from creditors, he's told that he's a father, his estranged wife has died, and he's suddenly up for custody of his boy (Max).<br /><br />Needing money, he offers to sell his custody to his sister-in-law and her husband, but since they are going to Italy, he has to take care of Max for a couple of months first.<br /><br />Their relationship is rocky, although Max takes to the owner of a gym (Evangeline Lilly as Bailey) that the two are staying at.  Gradually father and son become closer through the re-building of a found sparring robot (Atom).  At first Charlie doesn't want anything to do with the robot, but Max is stubborn, and Charlie enters Atom in an underground fight.<br /><br />Atom wins, and the fighting escalates and the fights become harder.  But, Max and Charlie keep winning, and they start to gather the attention of the fight world, until they are talked into a fight in the \\"A\\" leagues.  Although they are threatened, and offered large sums of money to sell Atom, it all comes to naught as Charlie and Max publically challenge Zeus, the reigning fighting champ.  Zeus is a robot whose AI can adapt and absorb the fighting styles of all comers. And we are still only little more than half-way through the movie.<br /><br />This is an age-old Hollywood and pulp formula.  Usually the parent/guardian is at odds with the child until they find a common ground, and that common ground is usually an animal.  Here it is a robot, and an interest in fighting.  Charlie is a loser, who through his son learns to fight, instead of either whining about, or running away from, adversity.  By fighting for the respect of his son, he learns to respect himself again, and to try to live up to what a good father should be.  He doesn't have to be perfect, but Max just wants him to TRY.  Max himself goes from somebody with an attitude, to somebody with a goal, to win, and get his father's love and respect.<br /><br />It really IS all by the numbers.  The good guys are flawed, but with inner hearts of gold, the good guy's friends are all loyal, the bad guys are all arrogant and hissable.  Atom is a beat-up has-been robot, and Zeus just an all shiny, big, unstoppable toy.  But Atom has an experienced fighter, with a life-time of experience as his master, while Zeus is all about flash, without any real experience, or knowledge of fighting behind his masters.<br /><br />The cast all do their jobs.  Hugh Jackman as Charlie, is miles away from Wolverine, he's an unlikable loser, screw-up, fool, and bad-boy, who despite his boxing background gets his clock cleaned at least once.  Dakota Goyo (Thor) is cute, and still learning his craft, his character carries a chip, but he isn't unlikable while carrying it.<br /><br />Evangeline Lilly (\\"Lost\\") as Bailey Tallet is the much put upon ex-girlfriend who doesn't have much to do except be the pretty, tomboyish mechanic and cheerleader.  Which she does very well.<br /><br />Kevin Durand as Ricky, Charlie's personal nemesis (who has worked with both Jackman (in \\"Wolverine\\") and Lilly (in \\"Lost\\") before, is just perfect as the bully, loudmouth, and blowhard who we all want to see get his just deserts.  Hope Davis (\\"Mildred Pierce\\") and James Rebhorn (\\"Law & Order\\") are good as Max's guardians, while Olga Fonda as the Russian ice queen, and owner of Zeus, and Karl Yune as the arrogant developer of Zeus, are dime on perfect in their roles.  Let's hope this movie kick-starts their careers.<br /><br />Look hard and you'll see Richard Goteri, the artistic director of the famed Second City, and voice-over master Phil LaMarr (\\"Futurama\\", \\"King Of The Hill\\", \\"Family Guy\\") in rare in-front-of-the-camera appearances.  The robots are all great looking and NONE of them look like the other; they all have an individualistic look, a plus in a movie like this.<br /><br />Yeah this movie steals from dang-near everybody, from a scene in \\"Terminator 2\\" to \\"The Transformers\\" to \\"Black Beauty\\", but so what?  I didn't go to this movie to learn brain surgery, or to see the seamy underbelly of society exposed.  I got a free ticket, and took my seventy plus mother to see it, and there were two generations that enjoyed this old-fashioned, family entertainment.  To say that this is a robot \\"Rocky\\" is to underestimate it, and to be a lazy reviewer.  Take the family and cheer for the good guys.th both Jackman (in \\"Wolverine\\") and Lilly (in \\"Lost\\") before, is just perfect as the bully, loudmouth, and blowhard who we all want to see get his just deserts.  Hope Davis (\\"Mildred Pierce\\") and James Rebhorn (\\"Law & Order\\") are good as Max's guardians, while Olga Fonda as the Russian ice queen, and owner of Zeus, and Karl Yune as the arrogant developer of Zeus, are dime on perfect in their roles.  Let's hope this movie kick-starts their careers.  Look hard and you'll see Richard Goteri, the artistic director of the famed Second City, and voice-over master Phil LaMarr (\\"Futurama\\", \\"King Of The Hill\\", \\"Family Guy\\") in rare in-front-of-the-camera appearances.  The robots are all great looking and NONE of them look like the other; they all have an individualistic look, a plus in a movie like this.  Yeah this movie steals from dang-near everybody, from a scene in \\"Terminator 2\\" to \\"The Transformers\\" to \\"Black Beauty\\", but so what?  I didn't go to this movie to learn brain surgery, or to see the seamy underbelly of society exposed.  I got a free ticket, and took my seventy plus mother to see it, and there were two generations that enjoyed this old-fashioned, family entertainment.  To say that this is a robot \\"Rocky\\" is to underestimate it, and to be a lazy reviewer.  Take the family and cheer for the good guys.
B003K1EYM6|3.0|Although this product functions properly, it doesn't really do anything useful. This is mostly due to the design of the iPad software. You can't create named albums natively in the iPad and you can't upload the pictures you import using Safari.  When you import pictures from your card, they are placed in \\"albums\\" which are named by the import date. You can't create your own albums directly on the iPad, can't rename the albums that are automatically created, and can't rearrange your imported pictures. This makes using the camera kit regularly a bit of an organizational nightmare.  We wanted the camera kit to import pictures so that we could upload them to Facebook without having to use a PC. The iPad doesn't allow you to upload pictures from your albums using Safari. You must use an external app (like the Facebook app for iPod or other non-free apps). Due to the problem above, finding the correct picture to upload is VERY hard. You also can't attach the pictures you imported to web mail e-mails.  Until the native Photo app on the iPad is improved and there is at least an option to allow Safari access to your Photo albums, I wouldn't buy this product. Stick to importing pictures through a PC if you want to use them on your iPad.
B0042JIL2E|5.0|Imelda May is just plain fun to listen to. Her effort will make you smile and maybe even appreciate the little joys that music often brings to our lives.
B000JIHP88|4.0|Nice product - very cute.  However it has only 2 volume sets. The low one is very low (can barely hear) and the high volume set is what I would consider \\"Low\\" to \\"Medium\\"...  other mobiles & soothers I've got have higher volume.  My baby just pays attention to it when he's quiet.  When he's crying no-one can hear the \\"High\\" volume set from this mobile, unfortunately.
B000HC2LI0|5.0|A wonderful TV series and a good price by amazon.com. I plan to buy more from amazon.com. They have all that I want at great prices.
B005HG4C4C|5.0|I became a DT fan *because* of Portnoy. I went to see A7X based solely on the fact that Portnoy was playing with them. I would give various body parts for the opportunity to spend a day with Portnoy. I just wanted to start by letting everyone know how I feel about MP.  For the aforementioned reason and because I've been watching DT grow stagnant for the last decade, I very nearly did not pick up this album. I ended up pulling the trigger out of curiousity and because I felt like I owed it to the band to give them at least one post-Portnoy shot. I started listening with an initial desire not to like the album; some goofy illogical voice inside me said that liking the album was akin to picking DT over MP.  On first blush, I wasn't too impressed. Portnoy's absence is obvious. This album has a very different feel and is absolutely not a natural musical progression for DT. I was disappointed by that, feeling DT lost its soul without MP, before time and thought cleared my mind a bit. If I'd been disappointed with DT's stagnancy, was a new direction really a bad thing?  Listening to this album from a \\"new era\\" perspective, giving it a fair shot and without assumptions or ridiculous bias, I'm digging it more with every listen. DT is more \\"musical\\" than ever and I'm beginning to feel perhaps the DT-MP split was actually overdue.   In the end, I can love both without betraying either. I just hope MP ends up doing something better than Adrenaline Mob...
B0058VW36U|5.0|I just did the update and it wiped out all my progress, had all the levels complete! Fun game though, very addicting.  I would recommend it
0140157352|3.0|Purchased as required material for an undergraduate course.  While I didn't find it as inspiring as other required material purchased, it did make itself useful.
B0032JTV6U|1.0|This is just for the fact that the truth also needs to be told.   This is a very unreal show.  This program should just be called \\"GAY\\"... is \\"glee\\" just someone's idea of a joke or polite way of saying what it is?  This is a program that is made up of some very talented people, but the premise is totally amoral.   The Epicurean ideals have been with us for many years. This is not a new concept by reworking it as a TV show! If people wish to live there lives in the way it is done on the show then that is their business.   And not that this is one bit more amoral or immoral than any other evening television stuff.  The actual reality is the same with all these reality shows.   Having lost many people to AIDS, this whole concept is like playing \\"toss around\\" with a hand grenade.  And, quite frankly, some of the \\"women\\" on this show terrify me just to look at them and when on late night interview shows they come on as being completely sociopathic.   Are there good parts to this show? Yes.  Are there some enjoyable parts to this show? Yes.  Are there some redeeming social statements being made on this show? NO!  Am I anti homosexual? No.  As a matter of fact I am a homosexual. And also one who praises God that I am what God wants me to be and proud ... extremely proud ... of being a man. A man who is embarrassed by the so-called \\"out\\" people who think that there was a \\"closet\\" somewhere along the line.
B005NUFX68|3.0|As a long time Dr Who and British style Sci Fi fan, I rejoiced in the resurgence of this show. Red Dwarf is great fun and silly, Dr. Who under R.T. Davis (Dr's 9 and 10) is spectacular.  Russel T. Davis's scripts were thoughtful, cerebral and sometimes twisted true Sci Fi.  Excellent.  Most excellent.  However, there were some episodes that were just horror flicks....for example \\"Weeping Angels.\\"  Turns out the author of that scare episode is now the head writer and it shows.  Gone are the cerebral brain teasing paradoxes, and in are the sometimes \\"B movie\\" monsters.  Dr. Who is no longer peaceful in tactics, but even resorts to violence.  The actors are wonderful, but the story lines lack imagination. My entire family is growing tired of the new Dr Who show, (as are many of my friends) and we recently canceled BBC America due to the cost and lack of return on investment.  We do watch the occasional episode, like this one, on a Prime trial.  For hard core Dr. Who fans, I don't see this new direction the show has taken as being worth the time to watch.  Those who like horror movies and simple scare tactics, you may like this genre. I am now only watching reruns of all the old Dr Who episodes back to the early years up through the 10th Dr.
0553801473|2.0|Think back to the Arya/Ghost-of-Harrenhal chapters in A Clash of Kings. Arya has clear objectives (escape the castle and find a way home), and clear obstacles she will have to overcome (she's essentially slave labor and surrounded by people who would harm her if they learn her true identity). And to further complicate matters, a mysterious, charismatic assassin, in classic One-Thousand-and-One-Nights fashion, agrees to kill three people of her choice (three wishes). Not only is the subplot organized logically (each \\"wish\\" gets its own chapter), it is also structured around action; we're following Arya because Arya is doing interesting things, making choices and so forth. Not surprisingly, this is an engaging subplot with a fun payoff. It moves the larger plot while giving us a sense of closure *and* makes us interested in where Arya will go next.<br /><br />This is excellent writing, and I would argue that *not one* of the subplots in ADWD even approach it in quality. Let's look at some examples:<br /><br />1. Tyrion wandering an estate, waiting for dinner, then riding in a carriage with a fat man, waiting for it to arrive somewhere, then slung over a horse, being taken somewhere, then traveling on a boat, waiting for it to arrive somewhere else. Totally passive... no choices to be made, no sense of imminent danger, nothing to do but eat and sleep. Structurally, these chapters are empty vessels.<br /><br />2. Jaime arrives at a small castle in the midst of a largely bloodless, lazy siege that has been going on for months and could go on for years. He offers terms and the siege ends. Someone appears out of nowhere and he followers that person somewhere else, end of chapter. No tension, no rising action, no interesting goals. Everyone seems bored. Especially the reader.<br /><br />3. Jon follows through with the plan, announced two books ago, to settle Wildlings on the Gift. He dispatches people to collect the Wildlings, they come back with the Wildlings, and the Wildlings head off to the Gift. Does Jon make any meaningful choices in these chapters? It's like watching an accountant fill in a spreadsheet.<br /><br />4. Asha is locked in a horse-drawn wagon, then when the horse dies (possibly of boredom), she has the march shackled through a blizzard, then has to sit around waiting-out said blizzard. Zzzzzzzzzz.<br /><br />I could go on. And on, and on. Not all the subplots in ADWD are like this, but most are. You could open the book to a random page, and most likely the protagonist will have essentially nothing to do.<br /><br />It's not that \\"nothing happens\\" in the book; the main plot moves at about the same pace it does in the first three books. It's that the main plot lacks context... it's like reading an incredibly detailed Wikipedia summery. It would be one thing if the book were littered with cliffhangers; that would at least leave you wanting more. Rather, ADWD's cliffhangers are not endings of stories, they're the beginnings. Generally speaking, good novels are like quilts, a larger whole made up of interesting pieces that could stand by themselves. ADWD is more like a plain bed-sheet, albeit for a very large bed.
B001DJLCRC|5.0|Delivery was quick and the DVD set was in great shape, as promised. Too bad I didn't order the second season until I had already finished the first.
B002EEP3NO|5.0|I have not let my 10 year old get any more lego sets for some time but he saved up all of his money from his birthday and bought the lego Death Star and it is the best lego set I have ever seen, and well worth it.  Most of the previous sets he just built and then they stayed untouched until they fell apart, but this one has plenty of features that can be played with.
1439170916|5.0|This is one of the top 5 books I have ever read. Great background and history of cancer, real-life human stories and an easy read even for a non-medical person.
B004TF3HZ2|4.0|Another really nice selection of tunes from Steve Hackett.  These songs cover a large portion of his career, from Genesis on.  It helps to have a stellar band to play with, too.  Excellent sound quality.  Highly recommended.
B000P2A256|5.0|When I feel like dancing, I play this CD. I love Adam Levine's lyrics, his voice, the band's sound and look.
B00020HEL6|5.0|I enjoy all the songs on this CD.  It is feel good music that I can listen to over and over again.  She has a beautiful voice that just makes you want to hear more.  I am thinking about getting some of these to give as gifts. I definitely recommend this CD.
B001PPLIFU|1.0|Awful product! I received a non original Blu Ray Box with a cover color copy!  I doubt if the disc was original or a copy!  I do not recoment this distributor!
B0058A119G|4.0|Very nice 2 CD album.It will be a favorite and others who have listened like it as much as I.
1601252463|5.0|Like all pathfinder products the quality of the book is superb.  The art is amazing and it is well written.  The content is exactly what I needed to spice up my game.  One of my players (a bard) it going to take my place for one module for her first GM experience.  Not really wanting to play a bard, this book gave me the Oracle of Battle to play instead.  I can't wait.
B000X5SPBI|5.0|I love this series, and season 3 is one of my favorites. It has all of the elements that make Supernatural one of the few shows I can watch over and over and never get bored: humor, horror, and of course the bond between Dean and Sam.
B004XJHBCE|4.0|I like this app a lot but have some requests.  Please give the option for more columns (up to 8  in the widgets.  Having a horizontal divider lines as an option would be nice too.
1935670913|5.0|This book has become our guide to marketing our book(s).  We are hoping it works as well for us as it has for Mr. Locke.
0385534639|5.0|Like others I was entranced and a bit beguiled by this book. It's illustrative, emotive and ethereal. It isn't an \\"actioner\\" though it builds satisfyingly to a powerful, moving, and seemingly inevitable, crescendo. The lyrical writing lavishly but precisely illustrates the formation and machinations of a single entity (the circus) and its component molecules (the characters) as they undergo birth, life, and entropy over time. While the premise is compelling, and the characters well realized, much of the book is given to easygoing dalliances in inspiring, crystalline creations of localized fantasy (the circus \\"acts\\" in and around the circus tents). Far from a criticism, it is to the author's credit that the storyline keeps pace with her vision of each circus act, as both are compelling and enthralling. Moving with the characters through each tent is akin to opening a pile of presents from another, largely delightful, world. Sci-Fi and Fantasy genre writers are renowned for world building, and the ability to create epic, galactic empires that feel as real as yesterday and as enticing as tomorrow. This book turns its gaze inwards, providing microscopic details defining realms just as compelling, but on a much more localized scale. The circus is a glass menagerie of focused emotion and inspiration, which may make it less interesting for some and may account for reviews from readers who escaped its spell, but undoubtedly make it infinitely magnetic to others (myself included).   Because I haven't seen it mentioned here by other reviewers, while reading this book I inevitably drew comparisons to the remarkable \\"Sleep No More\\" theatrical production making its way slowly across the US. Originated by a group calling itself Punchdrunk, this remarkable theatrical experience co-opts an entire building, transforming its six or seven stories, stairways, basements, and environs completely through found objects, staged rooms, dim (or absent) lights, music, strange artful leavings,and most intriguingly, a performance that unfolds around visitors as they wander its hallways. The show has few fixed points- actors move through the entire building playing out scenes drawn from Shakespeare and cinema, forming \\"threads\\" visitors can follow, ignore, or race breathlessly behind as they wind throughout the building. The show is entirely given over to exploration and discovery- attendees are encouraged (and in some cases forced) to explore the building to unlock its meanings. This all-inclusive environment rewards visitors who open chests, peek behind stacked boxes, and otherwise immerse themselves. Such examinations frequently reveal curiosities (a small statue made of bird bones and grasses), oddities (frightening bits of prose left ominously atop a poetic passage in a half-burned book thrown in a corner) and inspirations (a discovered vantage point from which you alone unlock some aspect of the unfolding mystery). I was fortunate enough to explore this show in Boston (twice) and the feelings it created of being incrementally separated from the \\"real\\" world, immersed in a realm where anything (good or bad) might happen, in the hands of a performance or perhaps adrift in a dream on the verge of nightmare, infuses this book. I couldn't help but believe when reading it that Morgenstern had found herself in those same hallways and this was her way of sharing the emotions and possibilities engendered by such an experience with the world.   The book stands alone, and very well. But I was unsurprised to see her acknowledge \\"Sleep No More\\" in her afterword. I don't mean to imply her work is in any negative way derivative of the show, but rather that she has found a unique, stirring, and powerful way to create similar experiences on paper, images that hover on the edges of your thoughts for far longer than one might find comfortable, and a literary contribution that joins \\"Something Wicked This Way Comes\\" in the pantheon of circus stories.   I am immensely grateful to her for distilling that same sense of wonder and lingering disquiet in me as a reader. And of course, for coining the term and outing me as a \\"reveur.\\"  Consider me a reveur of Ms. Morgenstern's work from here on out.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|Why must we have our childhood memories twisted and shattered?  Why can we fondly remember the awesome special effects that help revolutionize movie-making for generations?  Lucas, you used to be cutting edge and innovative.. stop being greedy and give the fans what we want.  I don't care for your changes, I don't want your changes!!
B0041KKYBA|5.0|This extraordinary documentary should be viewed by everyone in order to understand the economic meltdown we and the world are now facing.
B000PMG16U|1.0|If Lucas really wanted to make some positive changes to the Star Wars saga, remove Jar-Jar, and the badly written romance portions, combine Episode I & II into one movie.  That would make the fans happy.  I mean seriously, most people who never got a date in high-school could have written Padme/Anakin romance better!<br /><br />I have been a die-hard fan forever and saw the prequels a dozen times each in theaters and DVDs another hundred.  If Lucas didn't make more changes, I would have happily bought them on Blu-Ray.<br /><br />No one cares for these changes, no one wants these changes!!  Give the fans what we deserve... the movies we watched in theaters.
B002LVUKIS|2.0|Once I got it working it was quite fun and interesting stealth play.  But the trouble it has with windows 7 (freezing up at random moments throughout the game) made it so frustrating that it nearly negated the fun.  The worst part is that even though I found a patch to fix it, it skips all the added levels in Thief Gold.  F*** you windows, video drivers, and lazy ass programming of Eidos.
0470876417|5.0|I was surprised to discover a free online pdf on businessmodelgeneration.com that included much of what the book provides. I wondered, how do the authors expect to generate a profit if they give the store away?  But sure enough, I was intrigued enough by what I saw - particularly the Business Model Canvas (a blueprint to address every aspect of a business model), to go ahead and purchase the book. I wasn't disappointed.    This is not only a book for the business model generation, but it also helps generate new business models, new ways of thinking about what it means to profit in business. The book is filled with helpful case studies, diagrams and mindmaps which catalyze new ways of thinking.    While it didn't permit to skip the hard work of creating a business plan with all the requisite P&L and cash-flow projections, it freed me up to think differently about the entire enterprise (pun intended).
B00005NB0H|5.0|I really love this album. I got the 4-CD version, which also has the same show in a different city (Hull?). If you're a fan, you may want to look for that one.  These guys sounded great. The album is raw, with some great stage banter. It really feels like a live show. It's unpolished, but when the bands plays, they are tight and on point!! Some of the biggest hits are on here, plus Tommy.  A classic live album. A must for any fans of 60s/70s rock, Who fans, or people who like classic recordings.
1416596585|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo2R5CP59VH7RNZ]]I have just read In The Plex and wanted to give a perspective from someone who is working online and using some of the tools and offerings the book talks about. It gave me a very good perspective on Google the company, the culture and out of the box thinking that has led the company to where it is.  The insights of the book have certainly helped me shape my own thinking about how to use Google search and all the tools it puts at my disposal. It makes for a great read.[[ASIN:1416596585 In The Plex: How Google Thinks, Works, and Shapes Our Lives]]
B005G4TJI4|5.0|this movie rocked! While the first movie dealt with the beginning of the battle on earth and the second continued the fight, this one blew things out of the water with an all out war bringing characters from the beloved toyline like Shockwave and Sentinel Prime to life. The battles are all out impressive ad the chicago battle was the robotic version of black hawk down. This movie is a must see must have!!
B004V98UKS|4.0|fun and simple. not really my type of game but I can see the allure for some people. I would not uninstall but need space
B0050SYS5A|1.0|So I tried the product, and just like more than half the people here it did not work for me. I tried everything that the online forum said to try. Wish it did work but returning it today. For those of you who are reviewing the reviews like I did, and saw that there were good and bad reviews,ad you are on the cusp of buying... Don't until they come out with an upgrade version.   P.S. I tried using this with workout games... This product will not work because it needs to track every move. With the Zoom on it makes the camera sensor foggy, so the game thinks you are not performing the exercise right and continues to tell you you are doing it wrong, or keep asking you if you like to quit.
B005FJ7DOM|4.0|This movie is one of those rare films that starts out a little rough but gets better and better as it progresses. The title definitely does not do the film justice. Very creepy.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|This release had the potential to be something wonderful. We could finally have all the magic of Star Wars with the advances of more modern HD technology. Lucas has become obsessed with visual effects, so you'd think this update would be right up his alley. Sadly, he took this opportunity to change the original trilogy again, and add in more crap that just makes the movies worse. Beyond that, the updates to visuals could have been a tad better as well.
0060751967|5.0|I read every day and I do not like to wait for a book to come to my house longer then a week.  I have ordered many books from you all and I have never waited longer then a week.  I am what you would call impatient.  Keep up the good work.  Thanks Leah
B004EPYZPI|5.0|love this movie!<br />I really like stories of lawyers and this is spectacular. This is a movie must be seen if you like action movies and intelligent.
B0050SYS5A|1.0|I am a tech-savvy guy in my late 20s and I've never been bested by a device or hands on project, so when I saw the Zoom's mixed reviews, I assumed I would overcome its setup challenges. Well, you've bested me, Zoom.  I set this up above and at the base of my TV, constantly checked lense alignment, tried it in well-lit, modestly lit, and unlit settings (I have several lights and windows with heavy curtains) at varying degrees of tilt. I then carefully and lightly dusted all the lenses with a lint-free cloth, made sure there were no smudges or finger-prints, and repeated this entire process. For every adjustment, I shut my X-Box down completely, restarted, and re-calibrated the sensor.  Despite mixing and matching settings and games (Fitness Evolved, Adventures, Sports, and Rise of Nightmares) for over two hours, I could not achieve a satisfactory experience for anything requiring acute hand-tracking. Jumping, ducking, and big arm movements were picked up, but shooting activities and even menu hopping were significantly less accurate. When I removed the sensor, everything was immediately fine again, except that I still have to move my couch to play.  I strongly recommend against buying this product.
B000P0J06U|4.0|Michael Keaton was a really odd choice to play The Batman, and he brought it off very well. Its a tribute to acting that someone cast so against type could step believably into this type of iconic role and make fans sad that he left it after two pictures.<br /><br />I give Batman Returns four stars instead of five only because it is very hard to match the original film. Jack Nicholson nailed the Joker so well, and the first movie was such a rush of novelty, that the second movie had no chance to capture the same atmosphere so perfectly.<br /><br />Danny Devito does a great job as the Penguin, and Michelle Pfeiffer brings an air to Catwoman that Halle Berry could never hope to achieve in her stand-alone follow up. The story has some very cool moments. Unfortunately it also introduced the format of two villains per film, which I felt crowded the last three films of that sequence a bit too much.<br /><br />The DVD presentation is true to the theater experience. It looks and sounds great.
B0055SWM08|5.0|One of the best games to ever grace the android platform. The music really does complement the game, which can get pretty addictive in and of itself.
B001HNE3NO|4.0|Sarah's Key was well-written and suspenseful, a real page turner. This book has everything; love, hate, evil, good, kindness, coldness, fear, despair, redemption, and hope are all there. So is the theme of interrelatedness among people as the reader learns of connections across generations and continents.<br /><br />From my writing group, I recently learned that by the time a reader finishes the first chapter of a book, she should know the critical elements of a story: answers to the who, when, what, where, and how questions. She also needs to have a feeling of the direction the story is going. Sarah's Key definitely fulfilled all of those elements. I knew this was pre-WW II, that the characters were Jews living in Paris, and that they were being hustled off to a scary fate in the middle of the night. A small child is left behind, and I knew that the whole family was going to suffer, including the small child who is left behind.<br /><br />The novel is based on historical incidents that happened in Paris in July of 1942. Jewish families were gathered and taken to the Velodrome d'Hiver where they suffered all manner of indignities and hardships before being hustled off to Auschwitz  where the adults were killed. The mothers were brutally separated from their children, and I shudder to think that there may still be some of these suffering toddlers living as senior citizens in various parts of the world.<br /><br />Despite the pain, loss, and intense suffering portrayed in the book, de Rosnay leaves the reader believing in the power of love and endurance.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|Love the animation and the radar is really clear but kinda like choppy. Like the full customization in the options menu.
0380713802|5.0|He's Bill Bryson: it's going to be hilarious. I think the people who are taking offense to the book have forgotten that the voice he writes with is genuine and very much his own. Sure, the cities he visits and their inhabitants are portrayed as caricatures, but I'm just grateful he does not hesitate to make fun of himself either. If you're looking for a more comprehensive, lyrical version of Lonely Planet, look elsewhere.
1250004349|2.0|I got this book before seeing the movie (that is still pending) and loved the first half..couldn't put it down and looked forward to reading it each night...then the second half came and in my eyes it fell apart. I thought it read like a Lifetime movie and the characters were superficial and shallow. Her relationship with them was nothing like the relationships in the first half, I couldn't care about them and the sappy ending made me wish I waited to get it second-hand instead of paying full price.  I don't know why it happened,why the writing changed, but it makes me want to skip the movie if that is what it will be like.
B004EBUXSA|5.0|...get off and forget any negative things you've heard about these new i7 processors.  YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!  I have (correction: HAD) an AMD PhenomII x6 1090T and the difference in the 1090T and the i7 2600k is amazing.  Intel is superior.  It almost makes me feel bad for AMD considering the price comparison.
B00367OALO|2.0|I absolutely love the music this band makes. I never thought I'd be leaving them a bad review.  But this CD doesn't deserve to be called a HIM CD. It's impossible to compare it to their past music. I don't know if they're trying to change the way they sound or go more mainstream or what, but it's terrible.  Truth to be said, it's not an altogether horrible CD. Compared to smaller bands, it's an alright release. But compared to the rest of HIM's music, it's completely terrible. Violently disappointing.  Maybe the music will eventually grow on me, in which case I'll edit this review, but for now I'm shocked.  It's not completely awful music, but it just can't compare to their other music.
1439153663|4.0|I loved this book. It had come recommended to me by another avid reader who has rarely steered me wrong and she did not disappoint. There were definitely disturbing moments, but the reality is that it was true to the times. It is not for the weak, but a really worth it.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|It is great! Picture quality looks awesome on all movies but best on the prequals IMO. That is to be expected since they are newer and filmed digitally. Changes don't bother me and to tell you the truth I don't really notice them cause I haven't watched the movies hundreds of times as the hardcore fans may. In fact I have only seen the originals once probaly and they are like watching new movies to me so I have enjoyed this set a lot. I also like the prequals more then the originals. They are more modern and have better effects. Plus I love the pod race scene and JarJar unlike most people. Not to mention the originals came out before I was born. And no I am not a kid I am 28. I think the originals spend too much time in space or on the same planet where the prequals we are takin to lots of different worlds through out the movies. Although I hate seeing Anikin turn to the dark side as watching the first 2 episodes you grow to like him. But I still love all 6 movies and now that they are Blu Ray it doesn't get any better. Totally worth the purchase! Stop being so picky about small changes that don't even effect the story. It is still Star Wars.
B000W91RUG|3.0|If you are a geek you will probably love if show.  The canned laughter however may drive you nuts. I would buy this series in a second if there was no canned laughter. My favorite sitcoms are my favorite because they have no canned laughter. A good sitcom with good writers will not need the laughter track and The Big Band Theory has all that but they still added the annoying canned laughter. The show would get 5 stars without the laughter track.
0763644765|5.0|My 2 year old son enjoys this book. The pictures are simple but he finds them interesting and entertaining. I think this book has helped him with the whole potty concept. I would definitely recommend!
B0058VW36U|4.0|Just downloaded the update for Toy Box and it WIPED my progress- 3 stars on every level of every box?!?!  UNACCEPTABLE!   The game itself is awesome, great physics-based puzzles.  Even my 4-year-old loves it.  5 starts if it hadn't wiped all my progress!
1250004349|5.0|This book was fabulous ...never put it down and when finished I gave a book review the next day. the book is one that should be on the top list for a long time.
B003ZSJ212|3.0|For me, this IS Star Wars. Yes, they did a good job of transferring the film to blue ray, but there are flaws. Looking at the background, there's pixilizations in the backgrounds. Also, I remember Lucas saying (over & over) that the Cantina scene wasn't what he wanted. Well, I have to say after standing in line in 1977 and seeing this film COUNTLESS times, it is time to re-do it. The Cantina scene needs to be redone, omitting some of the masked creatures and adding some more interesting CGI ones. Also, the Falcon's engine lights still haven't been corrected (have other fans noticed they change from blue to white), AND if Ben gave Luke his Father's lightsaber (Vader's in essence, from #3), then WHY is it WHITE?  Yes, I AM a HUGE fan of the original- so I say for the next release, PLEASE release the ORIGINAL versions, then release more tweaked ones also. That way the fans will actually HAVE the ultimate editions!  It's going to take me a while to get through ALL the 9 blu ray discs, but they did a fairly good job on #4 (what the original fans consider to be the first). The picture DOES still need tweaking, but the sound IS the best as I've heard in ALL the versions. I WAS impressed by the picture quality, but would I say it's the best it CAN be? No- like I mentioned, there still are pixilizations here & there- mainly in the darker scenes and in the background shots (sky, etc).   Looking forward to watching the extras on disc 7-9, though I DO hope Lucas releases the complete documentaries he did one the bonus disc of the Special Edition DVD release, AND the web docs from Episodes 1-3, that way we'll get a LOT closer to having a more COMPLETE set.
0374290024|4.0|Other reviews have covered this book well enough, on the whole.  It's good.  The best thing about it is the detail.  Morris has an amazing head for small but telling details and quotes.  I love every statistic and quote in here. The farther he gets from details, the shakier.<br />  I accept the general conclusions about geography and the near-inevitability of some sort of dominance by some sort of western core, thanks to that geography.  Morris might make more of the geographic disunity of Europe; he does mention it, but could work it harder.  Europe was spared from a stagnant land empire largely because the Alps and Carpathians and Pyrennees make it almost impossible.  As a China scholar, I could pick some flies off the China coverage--some parts are out of date, notably--but this would not change his conclusions. I might use better measures of social development; the energy measure in particular bothers me--the basic idea is from Leslie White, and a number of trenchant critiques of his work are not answered here.  But, again, I doubt if changing the measure would change the conclusions much.<br />  He can't quite sustain his indifference to \\"Great Man\\" theories; he has to admit Muhammad was rather special, and would surely do as much for Genghis Khan.  There are a few other cases.  But, overall, he makes a convincing case for broader forces.<br />  The one indefensible thing here is his \\"theorem\\" (of course it is no such thing) that people are lazy, greedy, and frightened, and so invent stuff to alleviate this.  Everything is wrong with this claim.  First, the terms are nasty judgments, not scientific or measurable appraisals.  Second, they are relative.  Laziness has to be defined in relation to industry; greed, to laudable desire to help one's family and fellow humans; fear, in relation to bravery.  Third, if one gets around that by providing tight definitions, it's absurd.  It would involve claiming that all humans really want only to lie under trees, steal everything from their neighbors (remember \\"greed\\" doesn't mean just wanting stuff, it means wanting to get it by unfair means), and run from mice and fleas.<br />  It would appear, from internal evidence, that Morris is just taking a silly and crowd-shocking way of saying that people like to invent labor-saving devices, like to get a bit more of everything for their loved ones, and need security.  This isn't any normal definition of laziness, greed or fright.  History reveals that labor-saving devices are invented by terribly hard-working, diligent people, and are invented to remove labor bottlenecks, not to let everyone sleep in the sun.  The vacuum cleaner led to bigger houses with more carpets, not to easier housework.  The automobile hasn't even shortened commuting time much (if at all)--it just means longer commutes.<br />Actually, lazy peple are the last to invent or even adopt new stuff, even labor-saving new stuff.  I could write a book on this, after a lifetime spent in and around international development.  Pascal was much more correct when he said: \\"If you want a person to be grateful for even the worst job, make him [or her] do nothing for a week.\\"  Similarly for greed:  people may want more, but economic progress comes from hard-working and usually self-sacrificing people, while the greedy are merely trying to steal it all.  Similarly for fear.<br />  So, forget the flip cynicism and revel in the detail.
B001AQT0OU|5.0|Stanley Kubrick's brilliant, if odd, overlong, and uncommercial epic finally shows up on blu-ray, looking more ravishing than expected. This troubled  epic has always been a favorite with me, and I wanted a better looking version than the very early, non-anamorphic one that has existed since the dawn of the dvd phenomenon. I even had the laser disc of this.<br /><br />But, even though the more popular Kubrick films have been released what seems like dozens of times in every format, LYNDON was only available in the basic flat-looking, archaic form. This changes all that. Still, they didn't have enough faith in it to give it commentary or any extras, at all. So, it's still a bare-bones deal, but it looks truly gorgeous.<br /><br />The film itself is sometimes heavy-going for the uninitiated. The hero is unlikable, the star performance irritating (if correct,) the period somewhat forbidding, and the length pretty overwhelming; but, for my money, it's the director's best film. It is sinful that it's only available if one buys the monster set of all the films, for the fifteenth time. The Amazon exclusive saved the day, so I didn't have to re-buy everything just to get this.<br /><br />This is one of the most incredible blu-rays, yet. But the movie is not necessarily going to be a favorite of anyone who comes in expecting another CLOCKWORK ORANGE or THE SHINING. It's still Kubrick, intricate, odd, one-of-a-kind filmmaking... but not something for a mass audience. This takes patience, but I've always found it to be wildly rewarding.
B004LROMSO|4.0|My TV's cable setup does not get STARZ and I've never seen this show but I'd heard good things ,so I checked it out.<br /><br />It's a very different telling of the King Arthur & Merlin Tale and I quite enjoyed it.<br /><br />I knew that Joseph Fiennes and Eva Green were both in it, so I figured it had a shot to be good and I was not disappointed.<br /><br />The anamorphic widescreen picture is in 1.78 :1 and looks great,the  Dolby sound is very good quality too.<br /><br />The soundtrack is in English and Spanish along with both in subtitles.<br /><br />It comes with several short subjects about the show,along with a blooper reel.<br /><br />This is meant for adults,there is nudity and the occasional obscenity thrown in<br /><br />There is tons of teen angst with this King Arthur,they show a much younger man in the role & it's kind of fun.<br /><br />Tamsin Egerton who plays Guinevere is stunning.<br /><br />Enjoyable!
B002ZG975Q|3.0|Thank goodness for hoodies! Else how could our repulsive lead wend his way across New York City without people getting all gape-y and finger-pointy? Regarding cinematic adaptations of this classic fairy tale, BEASTLY isn't about to supplant Jean Cocteau's masterpiece or the gorgeous Hamilton/Perlman television series or the Oscar Best Picture-nominated Disney animated film. But neither is BEASTLY a steaming pile of poopage, either, as them critics what be purporting. If you rummage in there, you'll unearth several redeeming grace notes, at least enough for me to rate this sucker 2.5 out of 5 stars, a passable mark.<br /><br />First, you have to like Vanessa Hudgens - and, yep, right there I can sense some folks already tuning off. Hudgens sold me in BANDSLAM, a movie that I dig to absurd levels. She brings a waifish quality as Lindy, the Beauty in this bit. And her smile is never less than entrancing. I happen to think that Mary-Kate Olsen is a left-field choice which ends up working, although initially I was doubting as Thomas. And Neil Patrick Harris brightens up each scene he's in as Kyle's blind tutor. Ultimately, the romance of Beauty and her Beast may be my favorite fairy tale of all time, so I'm always up for any iteration of it.<br /><br />If you can transpose Austen and Shakespeare's works to modern-day high school, why the heck not Beauty and the Beast? So be it. BEASTLY, adapted from Alex Flinn's YA novel, opens with seventeen-year-old Kyle Kingson (Alex Pettyfer) delivering a public speech as his classmates admiringly look on. Kyle Kingson surveys his high school realm and basks in the glow of his own grand poobahness. And maybe you can forgive him his smugness, if he also doesn't make a huge point of ragging on those he deems inferior (which is pretty much everyone else). Some distance away, a quite, grounded girl named Lindy observes him. She's not in his social circle. She's not even on his radar.<br /><br />The notorious Kendra (Olsen), however, is very much up Kyle's nose, what with her in direct competition for the school presidency he covets. A rumor bandied about is that Kendra, with her weird gothy looks and odd behavior, is a witch, and maybe Kyle should've taken heed before he humiliated her in public. Kendra casts a spell which physically transforms Kyle Kingson into a freakshow, tattoos and boils and ugly scars and rampant baldiness, his appearance now reflecting the ugliness within. Kendra decrees that unless Kyle finds someone to love him within a year's time, his new look will become permanent. \\"Kyle?\\" she remarks and throws his words back at him, \\"Best embrace the suck.\\" Oh, snap.<br /><br />The son of a well-off single parent (and a famous news anchor, at that), Kyle steals himself away in a huge isolated apartment, and this will have to pass as the Beast's forbidding castle. Kyle pins his hopes on his father, but his dad is a neglectful tool what can't cope with what's befallen his son. If he's one of them types to pick up a broom, he'd sweep his own son under the rug. Easy to suss out who's been imparting life lessons to Kyle. After five months of neglect and self-imposed exile, Kyle has pretty much given up.<br /><br />But then he runs into Lindy.<br /><br />This being a modern retelling, you can work out what happens next. And maybe that's one of the film's flaws, that it doesn't bother to step out of its predictable tweaking. The dialogue is unsnappy. And, glaringly, how Lindy comes to stay at Kyle's apartment just doesn't go down believably. More, the message of inner beauty over superficiality is kicked to the dirt a bit because, it turns out, Pettyfer rendered with thorn tattoos and bereft of follicle is still a pretty attractive-looking and buff hombre. It's a no-brainer that the filmmakers were angling for the teen girl votes, another reason why Pettyfer went shirtless a bunch of times. Still, one wishes he'd looked really repugnant, to lend more resonance to the love story. Perhaps somefur was needed, and paws with claws. Who would've thought I'd miss Robby Benson? There's enough eye candy provided by the two leads. And if you relish watching this tale as old as time progressing down its traditional trajectory (or close enough to it), then BEASTLY has something to offer you. But this is a pale, watered down version.<br /><br />The DVD's bonus stuff: an Alternate - and, frankly, even more draggy and awkward - Ending (00:10:12 minutes long); 3 non-impactful Deleted Scenes (totaling 00:04:48 minutes); \\"A Classic Tale Retold: The Story of BEASTLY\\" - basically the Making Of the film featurette as the cast and author Alex Flinn share their thoughts about the film (00:10:06); \\"Creating the Perfect Beast\\" - what went into creating the look of the Beast (00:05:07); and the \\"Be Mine\\" music video by Kristina and the Dolls.fur was needed, and paws with claws. Who would've thought I'd miss Robby Benson? There's enough eye candy provided by the two leads. And if you relish watching this tale as old as time progressing down its traditional trajectory (or close enough to it), then BEASTLY has something to offer you. But this is a pale, watered down version.<br /><br />The DVD's bonus stuff: an Alternate - and, frankly, even more draggy and awkward - Ending (00:10:12 minutes long); 3 non-impactful Deleted Scenes (totaling 00:04:48 minutes); \\"A Classic Tale Retold: The Story of BEASTLY\\" - basically the Making Of the film featurette as the cast and author Alex Flinn share their thoughts about the film (00:10:06); \\"Creating the Perfect Beast\\" - what went into creating the look of the Beast (00:05:07); and the \\"Be Mine\\" music video by Kristina and the Dolls.
B0042JTDXK|5.0|Josh Groban created a beautiful piece of work on Illuminations. His voice is rich and the lyrics are meaningful and gorgeous. I highly recommend it.
B0000DEROR|5.0|I think it is a bit of both. Played loud  it can creep up on you and give you the shivers.  If you like to experiment a little....then  you should give this a try. Very strong beats.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|I've tried several keyboards and I love this one the best!  It's very intuitive and learns YOUR typing habits.  Can't say enough good things about this app!
B000050488|5.0|These guys wrote and recorded some great songs.  I think in a few years some innovative band will  maybe try and cover some of them.  This record has more hooks than your daddy's   tackle box...corny...but true
1584233494|5.0|Its a fantastic compilation of art. I love to see my guest's faces as they react to his art as they look at it.
B005CM9DX6|5.0|I've read and heard a lot of griping about the new Opeth album, how it didn't sound like them etc... Now it's been a few listens, so I won't place it in their collective works until I've listened to it a few more times, BUT I honestly liked it. It's what I thought it would be, and that it seems to me is what it takes to enjoy it, taking it for what it is and what it's meant to be not as a comparison of what they normally do, because honestly their intent was so different from their earlier albums the comparison doesn't make a lot of sense. It was meant to be an homage to their influences (hence the title Heritage) and it certainly is, but I don't think it sounds like the bands that influenced it. A good comparison is what Beardfish try's to do (or even that awful BigElf band) they both try to go for an older sound, but they sound so rehashed and dreadful I can't imagine why anyone would want to listen to them. This album while certainly in more traditional prog veins has plenty of jazz fusion influences going on (and if it sounds like any old prog band to me it would be Van Der Graf Generator who aren't exactly popular), and the music while not brutal, is certainly no less complex. While I miss the light/dark and heavy/gentle that makes their music so great I didn't find myself missing it as much as I do listening to Damnation (my least favorite of their albums) since that album sounds like what they do when they do a quieter song (hence why something like Blackwater Park's \\"Harvest\\" fit so nicely when they did the whole thing live on the Lamentations DVD.  Also the lyrics, yes the \\"brain/insane\\" is a really dreadful line; on the other hand it's very reminiscent of Comus lyrics, and that band is a huge influence on Mikael. The rest of the lyrics are I think up to par. So did I love it? I don't know; did I hate it? Certainly not. I like it; I think it'll grow on me. From early reports I was a little worried that they went the way of Pain of Salvation, who I wonder will ever make a halfway decent album again, my (very slight) fears for Opeth have been silenced. I don't want them to put out albums like this for the rest of their career, but then I think that this is something Mikael needs to get out of his system and then like any other artist will eventually return to their first love. Really though take it as it's meant to be and I think you'll find some quality stuff on here to enjoy.  EDIT: Having lived with this album for a while now I had to increase the stars to 5. While I don't think it's as good as Blackwater Park, Still Life, or MAYH; I DO like it a more than either Damnation or Watershed, both of which are excellent albums. It will really grow on you.
0385534639|5.0|I loved this. A magician's Great Expectations; a game with hideous consequences bound up with real illusions, clockwork marvels, performing kittens, and a travelling circus like no other. Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys darker fairytales driven with a force of formidible imagination. 5 stars with no shilly-shallying.
B000O8OTNC|4.0|I purchased this sharpener a while back and have had time to use it on several different knifes with various blade profiles.  While not the best knife sharpener out there it is hard to beat for the price and reasonable results.  From the factory, some of my knifes were shaving-sharp but lost their edge after some use.  This sharpener got the blades back to sharp but not to the level that I could shave hair off of my arm in one pass.  This tool does however have the ability to quickly and easily get most knifes to a level sharpness that is more than sufficient for common or everyday knife uses.  I have used this on my CRKT M16-13SF and the diamond bar has been great for getting the serrations back to good order and works fine with the tanto blade if you are careful about the angle of the sharpener against the blade.  I would certainly recommend this sharpener. It is perfect for a backpack or camping trips.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|and for the price it was such a steal. shes gone form pop to electro to rock and i love it. these songs have meanings compared to the fame monster. a must to get the whole album!
1401924751|5.0|when I work with this deck I draw the writeing card all the time. I actually want to write two after I improve my spelling and grammar. If I want to do something those are the cards that show up continually.
B005MMYCY6|4.0|*AVOID THIS MOVIE IF YOU ONLY WATCH MAIN STREAM HOLLYWOOD FLICK* - If, and ONLY if, you want to watch a movie that makes you think* (and pardon the movie for it's language or action but it's necessary)...then watch this. No big HOLLYWOOD action sequences or Vin Diesel scenes..Just one of the most refreshing new pieces of film making I have seen in a looooooong time.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|My husband really loves this DvD set, He has watched the whole set, he will not let me get rid of them :)
B002QY9RMA|5.0|Beyonce's best cd  i love almost all the songs  If I Were A Boy - 4.5/5 Amazing vocals. weird start 2 the album  Halo - 5/5 Amazing vocals once again! this should have been the start  Disappear - 5/5 Oh My God is all i said. The lyrics are so smart and deep! Amazing slow song.  Broken-Hearted Girl - 4.5/5 Really Great message and great song.  Ave Maria - 5/5IS THAT BEYONCE? was all i said. she hit every note and killed it! i love her version !  Smash Into You - 3/5 Not really that amazing! but ok  Satellites 2.5/5 I dont get it  That's Why You're Beautiful - 3.5/5 So sweet.  Single Ladies (Put A Ring On It) - 5/5 Best song on the album!   Radio - 5/5 Very Rihanna but still she impressed me.  Diva 5/5 My jam!!   Sweet Dreams 4.5/5 Love it from i heard it but video is weird!  Video Phone 4/5 Two Sexy! LOL   Hello 5/5 She had me at Hello...Great song  Ego 5/5 A instant favorite  Scared Of Lonely 4.5/5 great song!  Poison 4.5/5 Love it from beginning to end. beat is amazing.  My Fav's - single ladies, disappear, diva, ego, poison, halo, radio, hello...etc  A great album that will be remembered for a long time!  4.5/5 Overall score!
B004L03B3S|5.0|It is a film with subtitles and some bad music.  Apart from that it is involving - layers are peeled back and then built upon.  Dodgy subject matter but well put together and enjoyable apart from that.<br /><br />Francisco and Thomas are half brothers from the same Mother.  From the moment Thomas was born it was as if two soul mates had reconnected.  Thomas didn't open his eyes for a very long time, then suddenly opened them and looked into Francisco's eyes and that was it.  I have watched this many times and because of the subject I take brotherhood out of the equation and concentrate on the soul mates part.  I look at this as a love story...most of the time.<br /><br />It's interesting though.  Sometimes I look at this and see soul mates and a love story of equals.  But sometimes I look at this and see and older dominant brother possessing the younger submissive mind, body and soul and wonder if Thomas had a chance to do anything other than submit to Francisco's obsessive love.  When I am thinking latterly I see how Francisco practically tries to eat Thomas every time they kiss, how he tries to absorb him into his body when they hug -how he touches him all the time.  When Thomas is given his `good news' by his swimming coach he seems happy until he sees Francisco's reaction.<br /><br />It is easy to notice there seems to be no-one outside their immediate family that they choose to be with apart from the swim coach. Intimately involved with each other there appears to be no room for others in their lives.  The boys live for each other.<br /><br />The boys Mother recognises the signs early but seems to accept that what she sees will come to fruition and it is ok.  Pedro, Francisco's father, sees it from a young age and is disturbed but the Mother says they can't say it is wrong...I disagree.  Alexandre is Thomas' father, who the family lives with all the time.  He too notices and seems reassured by his wife's acceptance of the behaviour over time.<br /><br />Pedro passes and then 15 years later the Mother passes.  This seems to be a catalyst for the men to follow through on their passion.  It is though the external link to their relationship taboo is broken with their Mother dying  - Alexandre moves out of the family home, leaving the men together.  And so it begins - immediately he leaves the house.  I don't think anything physical happens before this...or if it does we don't see it.  They don't appear to have been intimate with anyone else - so their first time together is their first time I think (Francisco is about 28 and Thomas 22).  The impression is they have not been intimate (kissing or lovemaking) with anyone else.<br /><br />After Alexandre moves out he openly acknowledges the relationship in his acceptance the decisions the men must make are for them to decide. When they are all skyping and when they meet in caf&eacute;'s it is obvious he acknowledges the intimate relationship and accepts it.<br /><br />This is a movie of three parts to me.  Boys growing up, parents all there.  Thomas worships Francisco and Francisco taking ownership of Thomas.  Literally there is no doubt that for Francisco Thomas is the beginning and the end. There is no doubt also that the relationship is showing its colours in this phase.  The boys sleep together, swim together, play together and are just together.  Phase two begins when their Mother dies and it is a story of lovers and intimacy.  They live together, love together and are only with each other mostly.  Finally, when they are separated the effects of this are explored - are the changes that creep in going to allow Thomas to break free from the dominant brother.  Can Francisco cope emotionally with the separation?  It is on Francisco this phase seems to focus...for the first time he is without his soul mate - Thomas seems to cope more but this is not explored at all.  We don't see day to day lives.  We see nothing to corroborate that Francisco is a doctor )General Practitioner) -but that is what we glean from his discussion with a woman.<br /><br />Francisco is so lost without Thomas he starts clubbing and hooks up with a woman...in some ways I think he finds a version of Thomas.  They start kissing eventually and we see the method of making love with Thomas being used on the girl...this brings things to an end because she notices the wedding ring for the first time.  Francisco had given Thomas a ring and had one for himself for Thomas to put on him.  After this Francisco seems to lose himself and goes to Thomas.  And this is where I again see clues that Thomas is lead by Francisco...he looks mildly happy to see him.  Francisco is ecstatic...Thomas doesn't look convince.  I almost see him realising his new life is gone...but then again I don't always interpret it this way.  Sometimes I think he can't believe Francisco is actually there and then the penny drops...<br /><br />There is an abrupt end to this movie.  I would have like to see if the pair grow apart as a result of the imposed separation or if this in fact brings the soul mates closer...if that were even possible.<br /><br />I enjoyed this - it moved through different phases of lives less ordinary.so lost without Thomas he starts clubbing and hooks up with a woman...in some ways I think he finds a version of Thomas.  They start kissing eventually and we see the method of making love with Thomas being used on the girl...this brings things to an end because she notices the wedding ring for the first time.  Francisco had given Thomas a ring and had one for himself for Thomas to put on him.  After this Francisco seems to lose himself and goes to Thomas.  And this is where I again see clues that Thomas is lead by Francisco...he looks mildly happy to see him.  Francisco is ecstatic...Thomas doesn't look convince.  I almost see him realising his new life is gone...but then again I don't always interpret it this way.  Sometimes I think he can't believe Francisco is actually there and then the penny drops...  There is an abrupt end to this movie.  I would have like to see if the pair grow apart as a result of the imposed separation or if this in fact brings the soul mates closer...if that were even possible.  I enjoyed this - it moved through different phases of lives less ordinary.
1439102813|5.0|A very real, detailed, compelling and passionate story of what it is like to live with Early Onset Alzheimer's Disease (EOAD); and how it affects family, friends, care givers, colleagues and career (all aspects of life).  It hit home for me because of my prior connections with the Harvard Psychology Department (WJH) and the Cambridge/Boston area.  Well written - a very clear and gentle read about the silent robber of memories and self.
B003ZSJ212|4.0|I saw Star Wars back in 77. I was in college and the movie was a sensation. I have bought many versions of the movie and seen them in the theater many times. The blu rays are very good. Most will enjoy seeing them again with such great sound and picture. They wii give your home system a good workout whatever it is. Four stars and not five-the set could have been like Blade Runner set and shown all versions of the movies. Having said that, I don't mind the changes Lucas has made, and even like many of them. Great set-highly recommend.
B005HGKW6E|5.0|A brilliant movie. Stunning acting. Must See!!!!! There is hardly any music in the film. The acting is so good it can stand on its own.
B003O86FMW|5.0|Alright. To be honest, this book does not pull you in as quickly as the first. However, Collins should be credited for her ability to high light all the important aspects from boring sequences and from this she can navigate quickly through such times. The final 40% of this book is brilliant. Many new characters are added in this book and you will love them all. I cannot say enough good things about this book, yet I question why this book has higher ratings than the final novel, which I am reading now. I highly recommend the first book of this series, you will not be able to put that book down or be able to get your hands on this one soon enough.  I read this book on a Kindle; when I got to 90%, I read straight through the end and began the final book as if it were the next chapter.   EDIT:  Many aspects of the second book which seem long and tedious carry needed depth into the third installment. Also, I frequently got frustrated with Katniss throughout the series, and focused on other characters when I could not longer stomach her emotional immaturity.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|I bought these in search of good all around headphones, and I gotta say, these are very specifically, STUDIO MONITORS. they have the most crisp and clear sound you can buy. If you're in the studio you will be able to hear every little thing and they are capable of a very wide range of tone. Also very comfortable and lightweight. I however will say that I returned them because inwas looking for good music listening headphones and they didn't deliver for me, the highs are so crisp and present that my ears hurt after 30 minutes, and they produce no bass by themselves, I had to really boost the bass on my computer to get them to thump which isn't possible really on my iPod. Compared to any other studio headphones, these dominate. But if you're looking for music listening awe, look into sennheiser or even able planet, or if you must some Bose.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|The Hunger Games, as the beginning of the identically named trilogy, is a marvelous book. Collins has a knack for making interesting characters and has managed to invent some interesting new concepts to the dead-horses of both the post-apocalypse and dystopian society. This book sets the stage well for a series that was obviously well-planned out. At no point is the reader left bewildered, and at times Katniss' first person introspective is so completely over-thinking the book's scenarios that I almost wrote her off as \\"simple.\\" Almost. I highly recommend anyone interested read this book before it becomes a movie. In that case, you'll have two sets of characters to enjoy. The ones you'll envision and their film counterparts. You'll love the characters, so I'd recommend getting to know them as completely as possibly.  Despite what some people have said about the amount and extent of the violence, it is not as graphic and numbing as you'd believe. This book is written to a young adult audience.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I'll review the product itself, as each movie has its own respective review sections.  Beautiful case, with noticeably better picture quality that the older versions (as of now I have only watched I-III, so I can't comment on the originals). I haven't gotten into the extras yet either, but now it's an easy 5-star.
0553801473|5.0|SPOILERS MAYBE<br /><br />That's OK though. There's some Victorian too, lots of Asha & Theon, which is great. For all the reasons people hated the book, I loved it. I thought Quentyn was awesome, and Tyrion's story was really interesting.
B0038JN6VA|2.0|I was disappointed to find some of the package contents missing.  No SD card and no earphone.  The users guide and the product description both say these should be included.
0307269981|5.0|book arrived earlier than I expected and that was a big plus.  Condition was excellent and since it was a gift was very pleased. Purchased thru Amazon
B004OEJMZM|5.0|Buy this book. It is the Rosetta Stone of Linux system programming, even if you're not using hieroglyphics as a programming language. Or the Dead Sea Scrolls, maybe, only not all dusty and fragile.  But seriously, this book is a one-stop shop for just about everything anyone who needs clear, accurate info on Linux system programming could ask for. Strangely, however, it has nothing on the Hyper Text Coffee Pot Control Protocol (RFC 2324).
030726999X|5.0|Book arrived on time.  Since it was a gift I was very pleased with condition.  Condition was just as described.  Purchased thru Amazon
B005AUWXZ0|1.0|Ugh. Let us never speak of this again. Let it be consigned to the list of terrible sequels along with such dregs as Highlander 2 and The Chronicles of Riddick and The Return of Jafar. The first Cars was kinda mediocre, but still fun and sweet in its own way, if not terribly compelling. This is not a Pixar film. It's a studio film, coutesy of Disney. It had good toy sales, so it got a sequel, a sequel where every decision was a bad one (\\"Hey, let's take the most annoying character and just go off the rails on a ridiculous spy adventure and forget the whole cars and racing and freedom of driving thing\\"). Pixar is bar-none my favorite. My favorite movie is Wall-E, and I'm 30! The Incredibles was the first movie I actually went to see twice in the theater. UP still makes me shed a tear in the first 10 minutes. We just watched Finding Nemo in the hospital while my wife was recovering from her C-section.  Visually, Cars is impressive, but who cares! Plenty of terrible movies look great. For all the action, I was bored out of my skull and just wanted it to end. I have a hard time bringing up specific complaints because I've worked so hard to forget this movie. If you want to watch a decent animated British mystery/conspiracy movie, just watch The Great Mouse Detective. Much better movie. In fact this was pretty much the worst animated movie of the year (with the highest production value). With Pixar, story is usually king, which is why I like them. I'm a writer, I like good stories. But the story was just some incoherent crap based on a marketing jam session shoehorned into this execreble beast of a film. I would dissect it, but there's no point. It's a pile of garbage that makes no sense, yet was somehow ridiculously predictable. Even Owen Wilson must feel some embarassment for having to play second fiddle to a Larry the Cable Guy spy thriller in his own movie.   My main complaint was that this movie was no better than what competing studios like Dreamworks put out. In fact the other studios put out FAR BETTER MOVIES this year (Kung Fu Panda 2, Rio, Rango...). Sad to see Pixar get trounced by virtually everyone out there. FOR SHAME!!! This is loving discipline. Pixar is great, we know what it's capable of, it showed us what animated movies could be! Don't reward bad behavior. Deny Disney any revenue from this film. Don't buy it, don't buy any associated products for your kids. Reward good behavior, good movies. Go buy any of the other animated films that came out this year instead. Let this one die. Let the glut of merchandise and discs be buried next to ET: the videogame in a pit in Nevada. Let us never speak of it again. And let's go watch Toy Story 3 again.
B0047Y0FGY|5.0|I swear,this book is the funneist book I have ever read. I was laughing sooo hard at one point I think I peed a little! Though, amazingly funny in the first half, it started to drop of just a smidge later in the book. I would defimtly recomend this.
B004FGMDOQ|5.0|Make it fun! Who says you can't be informative and entertaining?   How about a little action? If it makes sense, cut to the product in use as you describe your experiences with it.
B005BCE7FQ|5.0|[[ASIN:B005BCE7FQ Rio (Four-Disc Blu-ray 3D/ Blu-ray/ DVD/ Digital Copy)]]  Rio in 3D is awesome. I'm 70 Yrs. young and I loved it. The colors are so vivid and the music makes you want to dance. I think everyone from 1 to 100 will enjoy this.
B002XTBE6K|1.0|As an avid Jane Austen fan I have always loved watching so many renditions of her novels come to life. This was the first one which was too arduous of a task to watch the whole thing.  For one, there was no grace, elegance and proper mannerisms for the lead actress who was terribly miscast as Emma.  With her awkward walking, throwing herself on a bed after having a tantrum, and bulging her eyes out at every turn, I found myself paying more attention to her mannerisms than the movie itself. She was entirely too modern to play this role.  She also seemed unsophisticated and refined.  Perhaps I have been spoiled by other actresses managing to have the lady of the Jane Austen era down to a perfect science.  I just didn't find her believable by any stretch of the imagination.<br /><br />The ladies' costumes paled in comparison to so many other Austen movies as well.  The gentlemen's costumes were nicely done, though.  The sets were lovely; which was a welcome relief.<br />The story seemed to get lost in the new screenplay which didn't reflect Miss Austen's original storyline.<br /><br />I am sorry to say that I got through only on disk of the two disk set and have little desire to watch other one...not unless I planned on being ridiculously masochistic one evening.  Instead, I shall partake in the Kate Beckinsale version....with the customary cup of tea.
0307595862|3.0|[[ASIN:0307595862 The Snowman]]<br />I have read Nesbo's Harry Hole series and only have the Le opard, which I am currently reading. I've loved them.<br /><br />Nesbo's styles is intelligent and very readible. In addition to the wonderful crime plots that twist and turn, he integrates lots of interesting sidelines that give the books a feel that  goes beyond some others. The flawed main characters are likeable.  I never feel cheated. He seems to respect his readers in  way that some others do not. In these senses Snowman is not a dissappointment.<br /><br />So what didn't I like. Too many gratuitous and explicit sex scenes that could he been dealt with a blt more sensitively or just left out .<br /><br />robboian
B004Y1USV2|4.0|I have had this new Yes for a few days now and have listened to it a several times. It's early yet I think still so my impression will more than likely change over time like it did with Magnification. At first I was kind of surprised that it did not really impress me much but with players like Howe, Squire and White each additional time I listen to it I do like it a little more. The sound quality of the thing is really good and Steve is the player so far that is standing out to me. I hope to notice Chris a lot more and Alan as well with more listens though. It seems like right now Chris isn't really doing as much unusual background vocals or bass playing as I wish to hear but I will definately give him more of a chance because to me his body of work is just too darn amazing to give up on trying to \\" get into \\"! Alan as well....I picked up on the new Levin, Torn, White CD as well and that is staying in the car player and CRANKED and White is really kicking butt on that! Funny how a player doing other than their current Bands work can really kick loose working with other players eh?! That would be all about working more like an individual well with others but having to be  restrained a bit in a true BAND context. I'm sure I will enjoy this release more and more as time goes by. The packaging is better than most two CD issues in that the thickness of the CD trays makes for better closing and finally nice to see the info booklet placed just where it should be  in the center section easily placed in a pocket  without having to dig it out from some stupid little pocket underneath the CD or in the center itself. Thank you Frontiers! And yes I do like Benoits vocals and am also ok with the Horn/Downes lyrical output but so far I'm not sensing this will be nearly as unique as Drama was...time will tell of course. I still think Drama was an amazing piece or work! Fly From Here is well worth buying I think unless your in the Yes is not Yes without Anderson or Anderson AND Wakeman camps I suppose...Just don't think you can enjoy anything really if you really DON'T want to from the get go...I have several of Andersons solo efforts and Wakeman as well but Anderson CAN be great or too personally idealist and Wakeman CAN be great but seems to be putting out stuff just to put it out knowing he will sell a certain amount and to me the stuff is for the most part a lot of uninspired wanking  just out there to make money. If what I just said angers you I assure you it was not meant to. Peaceman camps I suppose...Just don't think you can enjoy anything really if you really DON'T want to from the get go...I have several of Andersons solo efforts and Wakeman as well but Anderson CAN be great or too personally idealist and Wakeman CAN be great but seems to be putting out stuff just to put it out knowing he will sell a certain amount and to me the stuff is for the most part a lot of uninspired wanking  just out there to make money. If what I just said angers you I assure you it was not meant to. Peace
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|Wow, I just read this book in 12 hrs and it is not a short book.  If you were between the ages of 7 and 30 during the 80's you'll love it.  And if you weren't in that age bracket, you'll still love the action and interactions of the fully realized characters.  Best new book/new author I've read in a long time.
B00013M6NK|5.0|as ussual nikon offers the best quality products for customers real solutions and long life and high standard products highly recomended !!!1
B004J4WKTW|5.0|The Night Circus was an excellent mix of fantasy and mystery. Even more than the characters I enjoyed the descriptions in the book, they made me want to be there.
B003NTSBTC|5.0|I started watching this movie - and then stopped because I thought it was going to be boring - three times before I finally decided to just wait it out and see if it had any redeeming points. I'm so glad I did! Twitch psychological thrillers are my favorite type of movie to watch, and this was one of the best. I love watching a story unfold, thinking I know what's happening throughout, only to find out at the end of the movie that everything I thought I knew was a figment of someone else's twisted mind. If you like movies such as Identity, The Sixth Sense, Jacob's Ladder, The Secret Window, THR33, and others like that, I highly recommend watching Shutter Island.  I purchased this Amazon Instant Video to add to my collection, and am always looking for more twitch psychological thrillers. If you have any suggestions, please let me know by replying to this review.
B000QXDED6|1.0|I was impressed with the special effects and some of the fight scenes, but overall this movie was terrible.  I've come to expect some historical inaccuracies in movies, which is fine as long as they are not too eggregious and the story is good, but this movie had them in spades.  The movie \\"Gladiator\\" was flawed but was vastly superior and far more enjoyable than this flick.  I was pleased that they got the Spartan training right, yet what was up with this film?  Am I watching the re-telling of a true historical event or a cheap knock-off of the \\"Lord of the Rings\\" trilogy?  Every bad character was depicted as some kind of demon and there were monsters in this.  Say what?!?  The real story of the Battle of Thermopylae is one of the greatest from the ancient world, with real characters that still inspire people to this day.  I hope someone else will take up this story and do a better job with it because this one stunk.
0345529057|5.0|Like many others, I was puzzled by the negative reviews and was very apprehensive upon ordering this set. I feared the books would be in sub-par condition as described by some of the other reviews, but the price was too good to pass up. So I risked it, and ordered the set. A risk with well awesome returns I must say, the books arrived in mint condition, with the words and pages printed and arranged as would expected of any book. The paperback cover seems a tad-bit more flimsy then usual, with a piece of thin and soft, but laminated card used to wrap the pages up. Not an issue at all, the books look great.  I would recommend anyone with doubts to put them aside and order the set. The quality you get is well worth the price, not to mention the hours of joy the books will give when you begin delving into the Song of Ice and Fire.
0307279189|5.0|Was recommended by 2 friends so I ordered a copy.  It sat on my desk for a couple weeks and this weekend I'm traveling alone, so this book has become my travel companion.  It starts out about running, but now in the 5th chapter seems like the book is about so much more.  Intriguing and hard to put down.  I can't wait do dig back in and finish it!
B005MYEQ9U|5.0|This opera arrived today and it went into the player as soon as the box was opened. If you are at all \\"into\\" bel canto, you must have and experience this performance. From a music standard, from a dramatic standard and from a technical standard, it is a hands down winner! In addition to having experienced this performance, I was able to attend my first ever Met HD simulcast of Anna Bolena on 10/15, featuring Anna Netrebko and an entirely different cast. If that performance gets onto DVD, I will have two splendid renditions of this opera.  But let's address this Anna first, because if you are reading this, it is this disc about which you are curious. First, the disc is qualitatively perfect. the picture is crisp, the colors are vivid and the sound in DTS is still a marvel to me. There is a real sense of \\"being there\\"; if you have a good surround system, just disable the surround and then re-engage it. There is a sonic collapse to the front speakers which reverses to a sense of the \\"house\\" when the surround is clicked back on.  The conducting of this opera is splendid throughout. I have become real fan of Maestro Pido of late, especially in bel canto operas. You can see from the very opening of the overture how engaged he is in the score, and his work with the singers is impressive. Along with Marco Armiliato ( who conducted the Met performance ) and Antonio Popano, I think we have a cadre of talented and experienced bel canto interpreters on hand for the near future.  So, how do the singers do? With one exception, the performers sing and act at a very high level of excellence.  Netrebko's Anna is a vocal and dramatic tour de force. She is an exceptional performer. I know from reading esteemed reviewers here that many fault Netrebko for taking on such roles as this because of a lack of real coloratura, which is true: Netrebko is not a lyric coloratura soprano. What that means is that she will not be as agile on runs and trills and lacks the extreme upper range of thetrue coloratura. But roles like Anna are not just about trills and E flats. One reason that Anna Bolena was Donizetti's first breakthrough opera has to as much with dramatic intensity as with vocalism. What Netrebko does here is to bring the character of Anna to life, both musically and dramatically.If I want E flats, I can listen to Sutherland or Sills. The former, whose work I enjoy and who was in life a most gracious person, had little stage presence, while Sills was a formidable stage presence without the depth of Netrebko's voice.  Elina Garanca is also definitive in the role of Joanna. I think that along with Joyce Di Donato she is the best of the current mezzo stars. Elisabeth Kulman ( Smeton ) was new to me, but is also very talented from both the vocal and dramatic perspectives.  As far as the men are concened, Ildebrando D'Archangelo is a compelling Henry VIII. He is not as much of a bully as was the real Henry, but has no trouble negotiating the vocal aspects of the role, and being a bit older than is Ildar Abdrazakov, who sang the role in the Met HD performance, brings more believeability to the part. Francesco Meli ( Percy ) is very good vocally, but not as involved in his character as he might have been. His competiton in the Met version was the hugely talented Stephen Costello, with whom there is simply no comparison. But this did not dimish my enjoyment of and enthusiasm for this performance.  \\"Extras\\" are limited to Mme. Garanca outlining the plots of the two acts. I wish there had been more. If the Met version makes it to disc, and I hope that it soon does, I really hope that the interview with the costumer is preserved. The Met Costumes are the real deal with wimples for the ladies and lots of lacing for all. Much historical research went into Met Costumes. In this DGG version, the costumes are not much like Tudor England.  My original review of the opera was based on having access to an \\"unauthorized\\" version of this same performance. I posted itwhen this set was in pre-release to alert bel canto fans of its merit. For reviewer integrity,it appears unedited below. while it was a recording of this exact performance, the DGG set, with better picture and incredible sound quality is a winner! One other thing: Amazon shows the total timing at 140 minutes; the actual performance runs a bit over three hours.  And one last teaser: in the Met simulcast it was announced that stage director David McVicar was planning on staging both Maria Stuarda and Roberto Devereux at the Met. With Anna Netrebko, one wonders?  ORIGINAL REVIEW:  I have a DVD of this production of 4/7/2011 from a French HD telecast with the same principals singing. There's no DTS, nor is there any indexing and no English subtitles. It was a no brainer for me to pre-order this one, because the performance is simply outstanding. To me that means the singing, acting, staging, orchestra,etc. all work. They do! If you like Bel Canto, this is one to pick up and enjoy. I'll come back to this review in November when I have a chance to view DGG's release, but knowing the quality of their recent discs, I do not expect the rating to drop.
B004EJUMT2|1.0|I'm 43 years old, been around heavy music since Alice Cooper actually inspired fear, so I'm no kid when it comes to this stuff... Ghost does NOT warrant the buzz they're receiving, not by a long shot!  The performances are derivative & boring, and the singer/lead clown is just embarrassing.  Oooohh Satan, ooohhh he dresses like the anti-Pope... *yawn*  If you want actually good - no, make that GREAT - 70s inspired occult-rock, check out Blood Ceremony and The Devils Blood.  These two bands could out-do this joke band Ghost in their sleep...    DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.
B004DLPXAO|5.0|This app is great! I have book for school on here and now they have kindle on pc so that I can sync and read on both.
B005FNPIG8|5.0|Van Damme is back! Jean Claude Van Damme is back in action in Assassination Games!<br /><br />When one man, on a mission, to kill his target, is haulted, by another assassin.<br /><br />Two assassins join forces to kill the enemy.<br /><br />Jean Claude Van Damme is, Vincent Brazil in, Assassination games!<br /><br />Wilson
B003ZSJ212|5.0|The movies have never looked better. People have been unfairly giving this set bad review out of bias because a couple things have changed. Sure he added some sounds, Vader yelling no(which makes sense when you watch it)and blinking Ewoks. None of these changes make the movies any less enjoyable. The sound quality of the movies is perfect. The set also comes with 90 minutes of spoofs which i found very enjoyable to watch. The bottom line is that this is one of the best movie box sets out there. The first review on the amazon is over a page long and he complains about changes and canceled his order. In other words he does not own the Blu-ray. That review is bias and should be removed as he does not own the set. I'm sure many of the other reviews are from people also who do not own the set and just wanted to hurt the movies sells because of a couple minor changes. If you dont like the set because of the changes, don't buy it, and don't leave a review on something you don't plan on purchasing. I hope this added a little sanity to all those negative reviews.
0061906220|5.0|We read this Pete the Cat story at the beginning of the school year, and then made Pete the Cat art projects with our choice of shoe colors.  The kindergartners in my class loved the story and how Pete always has funny thought bubbles (such as \\"groovy\\", etc.) and how he never gets upset.  It served as a great lesson in coping skills.  The students would love to see even more Pete books, I'm sure!  It also arrived in perfect condition.
B003ASLJS6|5.0|ordered for my brother who has enjoyed it very much and will continue to watch it this year etc. etc.
B004T5R2HQ|1.0|Only got wavy lines on myTouch 4G.  Uninstalled this version.  Then installed free &amp;  bigger version of CamScanner from Market,  and that works great.
B003HARV4S|4.0|This is the first Blu-ray disk I've bought (out of ~100) that does NOT have any subtitle options - who cheaped out?  The movie is still magical w/o them.
B004HO6I4W|5.0|The Movie Rio Was Shipped to Me In The Alloted Time Frame Excellent Condition. My Family Loves it. Thanks for making Movie Time With My Famiy A Great Experience.
B004EPZ00W|5.0|I am not a follower of baseball, although I followed last seasons home town events with interest with the Giants, even watching the final of the World Series for the first time.  Despite my rudimentary knowledge of the game, I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.<br /><br />Moneyball tells of how Billy Beane, the Oakland A's general manager played by Brad Pitt, faced with limited resources, and losing some of his star players to the Yankees hires a Yale economics graduate and statistician played by Jonah Hill, and devises a system for buying undervalued players to replace the likes of Giambi, by looking at players in new ways.<br /><br />It's a calculated risk that flies in the face of conventional wisdom, and met with much resistance on the field, within the club, and from the media.  Suffice to say that previous methods of picking though amusing were highly dubious.<br /><br />\\"He has an ugly girlfriend.\\"<br /><br />\\"What does that mean?\\"<br /><br />\\"Ugly girlfriend means he has no confidence.\\"<br /><br />Memorable movie lines:<br /><br />\\"The problem we're trying to solve is that there are rich teams, and there are poor teams. Then there's 50 feet of crap. And then there's us. It's an unfair game.\\"<br /><br />\\"I hate losing.  I hate losing more than  I love winning.\\"<br /><br />The screenplay was written by Aaron Sorkin who created West Wing and won the Best Screenplay Oscar for The Social Network,and slides comfortably home with this effort.<br /><br />Philip Seymour Hoffman plays the unhappy team coach with whom Beane bumps heads. Robin Wright Penn plays his ex wife, now with a new man who does not follow baseball.<br /><br />The character of Beane as depicted by Pitt seems somewhat oddball, so one wonders if Beane is really this odd, or if the screenwriter is imposing his own don't  explain philosophy on the character. Brad loves to play with the eccentricites of his characters, whether it's outright craziness as in Twelve Monkeys or a thick accent as in Snatch.  This really makes the movie, as Brad gives one of his best performances.<br /><br />Even though I don't follow baseball, I do love a great story, and I can relate as a soccer follower, because we share a passion for a game, and can understand the frustration of supporting a team that has to make sacrifices of favorite players, and has less money than the big teams to compete for the same trophies.<br /><br />So, if you're like me and don't usually follow baseball, I think you will like the movie because it's a good story, and you will love the quirkiness of the characters and their relationships.  In the movie Beane has to make a very big decision, so there was an emotional bit where Beane is in the car by himself at the end, which I liked.  I loved the relationhip with his daughter, and the overall shenanigans as he bumps heads with the other characters.<br /><br />If you do follow baseball, you will probably enjoy it even more than I did, and I gave it five stars.  I think you will enjoy it, and I hope this was helpful.I do love a great story, and I can relate as a soccer follower, because we share a passion for a game, and can understand the frustration of supporting a team that has to make sacrifices of favorite players, and has less money than the big teams to compete for the same trophies.  So, if you're like me and don't usually follow baseball, I think you will like the movie because it's a good story, and you will love the quirkiness of the characters and their relationships.  In the movie Beane has to make a very big decision, so there was an emotional bit where Beane is in the car by himself at the end, which I liked.  I loved the relationhip with his daughter, and the overall shenanigans as he bumps heads with the other characters.  If you do follow baseball, you will probably enjoy it even more than I did, and I gave it five stars.  I think you will enjoy it, and I hope this was helpful.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|I have enjoyed this game on other platforms. As other reviewers have said, after investing time and effort into several levels all game data disappeared. I have had this happen four times in the last week.
0761129235|5.0|The ideas in this book have stuck with me, long after reading it.  The biggest insight I learned was, \\"Do the bare minimum to get things started.\\"  Like many people, I have to-do list items that sit around for ages.  These items linger around because I can't get myself to do (or even think about) the whole thing at once.  Now I do the *bare minimum* to gather momentum.  For example, I may have to create a big report in a week.  If I can't get myself going, I make a first task:  \\"Open up the spreadsheet file.\\"  That's it!  I don't even try to read the content of the file...I just open up the file and then move on to the next task.  That one small step usually gets me feeling better about tackling the big task/goal.  When I do these small things consistently, my mental block erodes, and I end up doing bigger things easily.  This is a super short book as well.  Give it a read, it will help you.
B004GYY714|5.0|music mix is great better than pandora i think.. love this app. u can pick regular radio station two. some radio station are blocked but it will tell u which ones are and will redirect to a one like the block one.
B005M2OIB8|5.0|I enjoyed this movie a lot because of the character developments of Magneto & Mystique. Charles was very interesting too even if he did not change.  It was nice to know how Hal became blue.
161720238X|4.0|It is a must read for anyone seeking success in the many spheres of human life. The pages of this book are filled with valuable concepts, ideas and examples of how we can program ourselves painlessly and effectively to achieve our objective in life.   I recommend this book to any student of life. Young and old. To read these pages not once but many times. Because many of the ideas are hidden and do not reveal themselves to the reader on the first read, reading it more than once becomes the gift that keeps on giving.
B004G25V9S|2.0|I hope this album has satisfied Akerfelt..It certainly has not satisfied me...  I've listened to this album after reading all the reviews so I knew that this was not a metal album and it was a different direction...As one of the reviewers stated I am among those who enjoyed damnation...So I am fine with something new, no growls is OK too, but this album is anything but OK. It is a disaster...  There are a lot of very nice written reviews giving this album five stars and explaining how top notch musicianship and mixing ingenious from Wilson is involved...Perhaps so, but in my view this album is absolutely boring and is a huge liability for Opeth...  Majority of the songs have the same feel and rhythm..This album overall sounds like a medieval wedding music...Except for the piano intro I did not like anything about this album...Some people say it is progressive rock, no it is not...And it is not jazz either...Of course people have the right to like this album but I am not one of those...There are good lyrics and a wonderful album cover and nothing more...An artist is entitled to do whatever he wants with his art and a fan is entitled to his opinion...I have only wasted 45 minutes listening to it so no problem, but my god, Opeth has wasted 2 years for this????  As I said in the beginning, I hope this album has satisfied Akerfelt..It certainly has not satisfied me...And my feeling is this album was written to satisfy Akerfelt and Akerfelt only, so it is a very succesful piece of work.
B005BX3NAA|3.0|Amazon is giving me a full refund. I already have the 2004 version and it's pretty good but I'm looking for an updated improved version.
B004WPYNY8|5.0|Since the day I bought this album, I must have listened to it a thousand times...<br /><br />There is no weakness in this album, and the extended version is also worth the money ( i have both)<br /><br />My favourites are Iconoclast, dehumanized, bastards of the machine and of course the amazing &#34;when all is lost&#34;<br /><br />Look forward to the new Symphony X album...
B0050SYS5A|1.0|I was hoping to never have to swivel my gaming setup again when I wanted to use my Kinect, but the Zoom only rendered my Kinect useless. I can tell that the Kinect sees me by the little image in the lower right hand corner, but it flat out refuses to recognize that I'm a person who wants to play a game (or do anything, really). I've seen some people say it needs to be mounted under the TV for the Kinect to work properly with the Zoom attached. That's where my Kinect has been since Day One.   One last thing: the Zoom comes with a warning that multiple installations and removals could scratch your Kinect. What they mean by \\"multiple installations and removals\\" is \\"will scratch the bejeezus out of it the first time you put it on.\\" So, either install the clear protector label immediately or plan to never remove your Zoom again if having gouge marks on the front of your shiny Kinect will bother you.
B005974CDU|5.0|There are three types of DT fans these days...  Mike Portnoy haters...They will praise this album to the sky...  DT haters...Since MP left, or left out, they hate DT so they will hate this album no matter what...  Others...Any other who does not fit into the above mentioned categories...  I think I'm one of them...  BTW, I am a professional drummer and I am a big Mike Portnoy fan, and ar the same time a huge DT fan since 1989...MY number 2 after Rush..  When the album came out I did not have big expectatons, not because MP was out but because DT's last efforts were relatively weak... Their number one focus was changed from how can we make great, beautiful progressive music into how can we make 20 minute songs as many as we can and how can we show more virtuosity...Especially MP, Petrucci and Ruddess...Guys we all know you can play...I was tired of this...And you know what, like MP I thought they needed a break too!!!  But what shall I do?  Just had to listen to the album...And I did listen, over and over...  And you know what...I think the album is great...It is beautiful..  I think it is the best album DT has made since a very very long time...  The focus is only to make good music, not  the display of virtuosity...I can see that...Songs are beautiful, still complex, very strong vocal lines, still you have the virtuosity but I did feel that it was used as a tool and it wasn't the target..And I liked it...  Some criticize Mangini for playing like a session drummer....even tough there were moments which I tought he should have taken a little more initiative, I kindly but totally disagree...He played like true master of drumming...He plays to serve the music and not his ego...and there are many moments that he shows how great a drummer he is...  BTW I believe Mike Portnoy is a true drumming master and a monster of a drummer...Let me tell you this, his energy and power you can not understand from recordings or DVDs, you have to watch the guy play live with your own eyes...I did that 4 times and every time I was totally amazed...If you haven't seen him live, your evaluation of MP is incomplete... At the same time it is obvious that Mike Portnoy is a leader and he wants to lead everything and perhaps the rest of DT was tired of this...MP is right, they could have waited for him but they did not, perhaps this was the reason why...  I have to say that DT without Portnoy is still working...But I am not saying they are better off without him...It is beautiful abum and who knows maybe it could have been even better with MP playing. But Mangini and rest of DT created a wonderful album and they deserve the appreciation.
B0058VW36U|5.0|This game is fun and addictive. Graphics are great. Object of the game us simple which is what makes it so fun. Also the sound effects and music make this game funny.
B001AQO3QA|1.0|I purchased the Alien Anthology shortly after it came out. I was able to watch Alien and Aliens on a Samsung and Visio blue-ray player but the other disks would not play.  Both of my players have been updated with the most recent firmware and software and all of my other blue-rays play fine. Dont order this set unless you want two movies for the price of four!
B005LY4B0A|5.0|I prefer games that are easy to pick up and play, yet challenging enough to make me want to continue. His game fits the bill very well.
6304696515|5.0|Set in France just prior to the French Revolution, Glenn Close, Michelle Pfeiffer,and Uma Thurman do the very best to allure the French Nobility to their doom. The settings and costumes are magnificent. The screen writing is witty and lively.<br />This DVD is definitely worth the discounted price, of excellent quality, and belongs in every collection.
B0055V0HXO|5.0|After having purchased the first 3 Karmakanic CD's and listened to the steady musical progression of the band, I was eager to hear what they might do as an encore on their latest effort, A Perfect World.  Having heard the 7-minute sampler already, I had a pretty good idea what I was in for, and I certainly was not disappointed.  1969 alone would've been worth the price of admission (their best epic tune to date, and considering what preceded it, that's saying a lot!), but there were several other excellent pieces to flesh out the album.  Their longer songs tend to be the best ones on this CD, with When Fear Came to Town having a slow bluesy vibe to it that works surprisingly well.  The irony of the CD title comes screaming through repeatedly with probably the best lyrics the band has produced to date (Julia Olsson, I presume?).  And of course, there's the musicianship.  You'd be hard-pressed to find a more accomplished group of players in any progressive rock band anywhere (not even in Sweden, where they seem to grow them in orchards!).  Although I would rate this album only on a par with the previous 2, that's still about the highest compliment a reviewer can give to a band.  Progressive music of the highest order!
B003ZSJ212|3.0|I am basing my decision on all the DVD and Blu-ray releases on the chart that's provided.  Buy one....a few years later a new one, buy that...a few years later a new one.  I have the original VHS, and bought the retread VHS in the late 90's.  Fine.  My biggest disappointment was I bought the DVD of the original trilogy in 2004.  Much to my dismay...the escape scene from the Death Star by the Millenium Falcon you can Still see the off color black boxes around the ships! And a mere 4 years later, another DVD release that also includes the original releases in additon to the updates as well.  I understand the 'updates' and 'tweaking' by lucas...  But this new Blu-ray series without the 'original' collection??  I'll wait.  And it MUST include all these extras too!  Fool me once.... (and twice)....Not again!
B0052RDHTM|1.0|It is amazing how publishers are trying to kill the Kindle by over charging for ebooks.  When it costs less to have a paperback delivered to my house than to download that is nonsense!  And Amazon... What is with this Price is set buy the publisher disclaimer? That is a cop-out and you know it. Surely you have some say in this? Or is it easier to run the sweatshops?  oops I meant distribution centers!  ... (read recent media articles if you don't know what I am referring to)  Carry on folks..... All you are doing is upsetting your loyal readers to the point where we will seek alternatives.. I used to really promote the virtues of my Kindle, but the shine is starting fade with your prejudicial pricing policies.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|It's really simple, George. You first released Star Wars: A New Hope in 1977. That film made you a bajillion dollars then and in the years after. Ditto for the original releases of ESB and ROTJ. Maybe you hate them now. Maybe you wake up late at night, screaming incoherently, drenched in sweat, tortured over the hell you created in 1977+. Well, too bad. Suck it up. You became a billionaire thanks to fans who watched your films in 1977+, not '97, 2004, whatever. I'm going to be that guy and say it, you OWE US the originals. Period. End of discussion. Why? Because those are the films that made you rich, that we loved growing up. The films we paid for in 1977+. So, yes, George you friggin' douchebag, you OWE US those films. Anything else is a slap in the face and an insult to every fan who made you a billionaire.
0156027321|5.0|This book was a most delightful surprise! The story promised to be interesting and quirky, but I wasn't prepared for the freshness and humour of its voice.<br /><br />The bizarre tale of a boy's ordeal, stranded on a lifeboat in the middle of the ocean with a most unwelcome shipmate is told with a sincerity and devotion to detail that convinced me of its truth every moment I was immersed.
B004UID2LC|5.0|I've used this app for months now. Very confident I'll continue to do so for a long time. Works exactly as advertised and simply to figure out.
B004GHYCKW|5.0|Polly Jean Harvey is a rare thing in popular music. Over the course of her 20 year career, she has managed to constantly change her musical style and image with every album she releases, with the same amount of success, as well as collaborate with the likes of Bjork, Nick Cave, Tricky, Thom Yorke, and Josh Homme. With her latest album, \\"Let England Shake\\", PJ Harvey treats her fans to yet another 180-degree turn. Rather than the brutally personal subject matter she focused on prior to this album, Harvey decided to focus on troubles in her homeland and the world abroad, as well as the hellish brutality of conflicts both of old and of the modern day. Musically, it combines the aspects of her best albums; the unflinching honesty and anguish of \\"Rid of Me\\" (1993), the spooky alienation and dusky mystery of \\"To Bring You My Love\\" (1995), and the sweeping romance and rousing spirit of her masterpiece, \\"Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea\\" (2000). It ranges from foggy, reverb-shrouded dream pop (\\"On Battleship Hill\\", \\"Written on the Forehead\\"), harrowing brass-led dirges (\\"All and Everyone\\", \\"In the Dark Places\\"), and Harvey's own skewed takes on traditional English folk music (the title track, \\"The Words That Maketh Murder\\"), all sung in Harvey's witchy, cackling upper register. One song, simply titled \\"England\\", makes clear her conflicting feelings towards her homeland, both deeply loyal (\\"I live and die/Through England\\"), and resentful (\\"You leave a taste/A bitter one\\"). War makes its presence well known here, as well as the death it brings with it. \\"The Words That Maketh Murder\\" finds that \\"arms and legs were in the trees\\", while Harvey croaks about how \\"death was everywhere\\" on the glacial \\"All and Everyone\\". Although this album, with its whispered horrors and gruesome images, is not exactly full of positivity, Harvey's focus on melody makes it her most listenable and accessible album in over a decade. One can only hope she tops herself with her next one.
B0014Z4ON4|4.0|What a shame about this film.  The film started so very well with an excellent opening dance and song piece, fun rollicking in the Shanghai club, the big escape in the bad guys plane.  Harrison Ford was at his best in the role amd he had two excellent support characters in Willie Scott and Short Round.  The devastated village scene, the travel across country with the elephants, Willie's problems with the wild life, the bat scene and then the tour de force dinner scene at the palace, followed by the will he wont he bedroom scenes, and then the trap door and bug scene.  Yep it was shaping up as the best of the series.  But then it seemed to get lost in the caves and though clever it didnt start to pick up again until the underground roller coaster scene.  Look its a good film but it went flat in the middle...a shame because it could have been a contender for the best of the Jones films. Just felt the later half of the film couldnt keep up with the excellent first half.  What a shame.
0670022411|5.0|Started on Saturday afternoon, finished Monday morning (with a sleep in between).  It was raining and I picked it up to kill the time.  Wow, was I surprised and delighted what awaited.  Wonderful characters, wonderful story line.  Kept me interested all the way through.  highly recommend!  P.S.  Glad it is a trilogy - can't wait to summer for next installment.  And I hear Warner Bros picked this up for a movie.  I'm hoping for Henry Cavill in role of Matthew.
B004LWZW24|5.0|It's been awhile since I've watched a horror movie that got me involved and actual got me a little scared. Most horror movies are really bad and more comical than anything. This one is actually enjoyable to watch. I'd watch it again.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|Love this game!  Worth every penny.  I'm not a fan of the button masher games, but rather enjoy games that require thought.  Highly recommend, if searching for a good strategic game.
B0034G4P8A|1.0|I only got this because of Kenneth Branagh, but really not interested in this type of movie.  Very similar to \\"Transformers\\" which also bored me to tears.  I'm an adult with an education and this is for young boys who want some mindless action and little \\"wow\\" moments.  Really hated this film.  And the melodramatic music was laughable as well.
B0020TS5LA|1.0|I got the DVD and now bought the Blu-ray.  That is a waste - there is no extra on the Blu-ray.  When is Amazon going to give us the real list of extras on Blu-ray instead of recycling the DVD material?  Surely, Amazon can afford to let us have just that one section to list down what is in the Blu-ray.  Well, I am not guessing any more and I am not buying any more Blu-ray from Amazon to upgrade from DVD until I am sure of what is in it.
0061730327|5.0|This book continues to be a topic of conversation at our house long after having read it.  What this man was able to accomplish is amazing, and an inspiration to us to continue working to help others in creative ways.  We have recommended this book to several friends.  Well worth the read.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|by far the best app of all apps. nothing even comes close. a must have for everyone. this app is the most detailed I have seen
B0055S348W|5.0|This app saves so much time and combines several applications into one. I can finally &quot;print&quot; a website that is secure (i.e. HTTPS) to google docs, and can print pretty much anything else that is on my phone. Samsung Epic 4G.
B0058VA2U4|5.0|at first i was like i probably won't be able to get into this but like all the albums i feel worthy of my love i took this one in after i took it for a few spins i really got to likeing it a lot great melodies good thrashin parts i been wearing it out now since i picked it up tuesday i am a lifelong fan from the eighties i love it for the same reason i loved any of the other records from anthrax this one is different from anything the other big 4 bands are doing and it is very definetly all anthrax don't get me wrong i love the other big 4's new records but in this order 1.anthrax 2.slayer3.megadeth4.metallica's new records now having all of them!!!
B005J4TLN4|4.0|A while ago, I had the idea of setting a zombie story in a council block, because the idea of what a bunch of hoodies would do in the event of a zombattack amused me. Joe Cornish, I'm trifle cross with you, eavesdropping on my thought-waves like that. Not cool, man, not cool.  Anyway, yes, this delivers. Now, listen - this isn't a comedy horror a la Shaun. I say that because for it to be so, I'd expect the lead to be a comic creation. Moses is not. He's a sad but hopeful comment on our times, and he doesn't do or say anything remotely funny. Nor is the female lead a comedy part. It is left to the others around them to carry the comic load. I'd say, then, this is horror-thriller FUN rather than horror comedy. If you accept that, you won't be disappointed.  The dialogue zips along as an entity of its own. It's hoodie-speak. 'Merk' for kill, 'Allow it' for 'leave it', etc. I'm very glad the US viewers were able to get along with this, because I think it's a huge part of the ethos of the film. These guys live in their own world with their own rules and language is not only a reflection of that but a large part of setting the film apart from that's out there. I mean 'Oh, my days!' instead of the ubiquitous, 'Oh, my God!' is just such a fresh relief (familiar to those of us who are around working-class black kids, but refreshing to hear in a horror film)!  So there you are, in a different world, and in the opening scene, these kids mug a nurse at knife-point. The writer and director would really have to bring it to turn this around so we care about the kids, was my thought. Then the aliens arrive in a meteor-like landing camouflaged by its being Bonfire Night. Usually, the kids would be the first victims and the nurse would escape to warn her neighbours and the battle would begin with her. Lovely to have this turned on its head. The hoodies are the perfect army for this battle, being fearless (mostly), territorial, loyal, used to conflict and not given to huge amounts ofphilosophical musings. Come on, that's not the perfect squaddie?  Everyone loves the line where one of the kids says, 'This is too much madness for one text'. I personally hooted when the girl (Paige Meade) opens the door to the flat and mouths off why she ain't letting them in, yeah, a long litany of reasons, delivered with facety, teeth-kissing bossiness (US viewers, think ghetto finger-waving). Then the other girl comes to the door and says it's her flat and they can come in.  The non-hoodies are a solid bunch of characters, and I salute Cornish for not making the stoners too out of it, because we've seen enough of that 'woah-dude-ness', thank you. I would say that the nurse is a bit too posh, but not fatally so. I loved the posh stoner listening to his out-of-date reggaae (\\"Skengeh-skengeh!\\"). The monsters are good enough, giving great death and mayhem, though like many movie-monsters, they are scarier the less you see of them. The ref to Night of the Living Dead, where Moses emerges from the lift, covered in blood, and the police swoop on him - fantastic. John Boyega is especially impressive as Moses, and he and Cornish do indeed manage to turn us around in our opinion of him. I truly hope British producers don't waste Boyega, as they waste so many black actors who then defect to the US.  There are so many little gems in this movie. The big man on the block who refuses to get with the fact that he's been usurped as the baddest threat tonight (it's behiiiiiiind you!); the kid going inside to tell a casual lie to his nan before heading out alien-hunting; the revelation of Moses's 'secret' that nearly had me tearing-up.  The young actors are wonderful; the adult actors sure-footed at their craft (the posh stoner is one of the up-and-coming Treadaway brothers, Jodie Whittaker, getting her horror chops, was a stand-out in the lovely 'Marchlands' and we know about Nick Frost).   This is a horror thriller for our times; our knowing, tough, lean-and-mean times. And itis a treat.
B000B2YQX4|4.0|What I love about this CD is it's a marriage of both old and new Depeche. They also seemed to use both analog and digital synths/samplers.  Unlike 'Sounds Of The Universe' that came out in 2009 (mostly modular analog, ARP 2500, Korg MS20), it has a bit of all kinds of keyboard synth sounds. A bit of guitar intermingled as well. Not a real dance album but great Depeche Mode!
B004DLPXAO|2.0|These may seem like minor, insignificant complaints to you, and they would be if there were any legal alternative to the Kindle app.  Unfortunately, when I buy an ebook on Amazon, I'm locked in to their apps/devices, so I can't read the book the way I want.  Amazon isn't doing me a favor by making an ebook app that works for me, they owe it to me.<br /><br />Margins:<br />  When I read a physical book, there are reasonable margins.  When I read a DRM-free ebook on a feature-rich open source e-reader app on my galaxy tab, I have reasonable margins between the edge of the screen and the edge of the tablet.  When I read a Kindle ebook on the Kindle app on my galaxy tab, I have EXTRA LARGE margins in portrait mode thanks to the built in, non-configurable software margins.  When I tilt the tablet a few degrees too far to the right or left (surprisingly easy to do when you have the tablet tilted back a little), I get EXTRA LARGE margins on the top and bottom of the screen, and DELUXE SUPER JUMBO margins on the right and left.<br /><br />Screen Rotation:<br />  On my phone, the Kindle app is great.  The software margins aren't an issue since my phone doesn't have built in margins around the screen, and I can tell the Kindle app not to change orientations when I tilt the phone by pressing a mysterious lock icon that appears when I tilt it.  On my tablet, the Kindle app team has decided that users don't like locking the screen rotation, so they've completely removed that feature.  They say that it's easy to lock the screen rotation in Android 3.0, but it's actually only one click less to lock the screen in Android 3.0 than to lock it in Android 2.X, plus there's the fact that I don't want to have to enter Kindle App Mode every time I try to read a Kindle ebook.<br /><br />The only reason I'm giving it two stars rather than one is because the Kindle app is still at least twice as good as the Barnes and Noble Nook app, for what it's worth.
B004J4WKUQ|4.0|If you were a teen in the 80's and if you love MMORPG then you will absolutely love this book.  If you are 0 for 2 on these requirements, you will likely still enjoy it, just not as much:)
B002RSQGQK|5.0|Voyeurism and intrigue are the perfect couple in this Hitchcock classic, an offbeat film noir mystery. A must-see for any film buff.
B0055SWM08|4.0|fun game to play reminds of great old school type puzzles and presents numerous challenges initially and ongoing for enthusiasts
B000PFUAO6|3.0|I remember not really liking this album when it came out. I had complaints about every song, and while I saw the potential, I didn't know if I could get past the things that bothered me about it.  Of course the drumming, guitar work, and bass are played great. It's Dream Theater afterall. Jordan sucks on the keys, but he has for most of his time with the band.  The production is solid. James's voice. Well sometimes it's ok, but other times it isn't as good. These songs weren't all written with his voice in mind.  A lot of people have complained about the lyrics, and I'll admit they aren't the album's strongest point, neither are they Dream Theater's strongest lyrical performance. Portny really started to hurt the band, by taking it over like this. But, for all the complaints they really aren't THAT bad. The subject matter seems more focused on fantasy and mythological creatures, song about a vampire. Then there's a song which is part of Portney's 12 step program trilogy, and a politically based song about war, uh again.. Gee nobody else was doing that at this point in time.. Speaking of Mike, he decided to add backing vocals to the detroment of the band. His voice is so bad it'd be like me adding vocals to an album. Just awful. Mike you're a drummer, not a vocalist, nor a lyricist. Stop pretending you're something more than a drummer!!!   Also there are way too many soft songs on here. Every song from track 5 onward is a soft one, and 3 out of those 4 are slow ones. It gets boring especially when all 3 slower ones are ridiculously, and needlessly long, songs range from 10-17 minutes.  In The Presence Of Enemies pt1 8/10 A bit too long of an instrumental opening, but the song is pretty good. Kind of cool lick during the verses. The keyboards are a bit annoying, moreso because they're too up front in the mix.. Well that and I hate Jordan's playing. I like the second verse more, heavier guitar riff.  Forsaken 8/10 this one is a bit different. The first verse is heavilypiano driven with slight guitar notes, and quiet drums, before it builds towards the chorus where everything kicks in. Overall it's a decently put together song. James does a good job with the vocals. The second verse has a nice riff in it.  Constant Motion 9/10 I would give this a perfect score, except Mike decides to add his awful vocals to this song, and the song suffers a bit because of it. Why didn't he leave the vocals to James? God if they wanted a different voice for the backing vocals, then get a damned guest vocalist. Uh I hate Mike Portny for doing this. Course it's still better than his growls on A Nightmare To Remember. Overall this song, otherwise has a decent melody. It's a metal song, pretty straight forward. Some claim they're ripping off Metallica here, but the only song by them it sort of reminds me of is \\"That Was Just Your Life\\" from Metallica's 2008 album Death Magnetic, which of course came out after this, so they weren't ripping that song off.  Dark Eternal Night 8/10 some distorted vocals which I'm not big on, otherwise a pretty decent song. It's a slower paced rocker with an annoying western style piano part in the instrumental break by Good ole Jordan. How he wasn't kicked out for that garbage is beyond me. Course Mike stayed even though he forced his awful voice onto the album, so I guess they just accept mediocrity these days. Nice melody though, but Mike is doing vocals again, which is awful. Also the instrumental break which only parts of are good, contains what someone on the A Dramatic Turn Of Events review board called a \\"pissing ocntest between Jordan and John. Unfortunately I can't find a good way of editing this mess down. Serioulsy hate that western piano part. Granted it only lasts for like 10 seconds, but that's 10 seconds too long.  Repentance 6/10 is the next in the 12 step program trilogy. Of course like all the others, except for Glass Prison, which was the first in the series, thus they were unable to do this, the song contains some vocal melodies, and lyrics, not many thankfully, from a previous song in the series. the melody seems to fit this one more actually. The song is a quieter ballad, and is kind of subtle in nature. It's not really catchy at all, but it works agyways. The problem I have with this song is its length. The song, and I don't remember the exact length is somewhere around 8-10 minutes, and it had no reason to be that long. There's a moment around the 5.45 mark where the song has a good place to end, which is where I cut it off when I put it on my computer. After that part the song comes back for several minutes of voice tracks of people talking to the same music being played over and over again. The brief solo sounds pretty cool, and I'd have liked to have heard it go on a little longer before this garbage kicked in.  Prophets Of War 5/10 uh another war song. Hell they'd just done one on their previous album. This one's an up tempo disco well not really disco sounding, but Muse sounding song, with lots of synths. It's kind of catchy I guess, but from here on I'm not really a fan of the rest of the album. Seriously though I hate anything that gives Jordan spotlight time.  Ministry Of Lost Souls 5/10 Ok there was absolutely no reason this song should be approaching 15 minutes. It's a slower song, with an extremely long instrumental break. The lyrics are kind of whiny, \\"Remember me I was the one, who did this and that and that for you.\\" Whatever. The melodies were ok for a shorter song with better lyrics, but this one bugged me. The intro, a slow and plodding part with drums, bass, guitars and keys playing is utterly pointless. The song should have started with the clean guitar part, first verse. Also, oh my God, I forgot how slow this song really is. It moves at a snail's pace. They could have sped it up slightly, thus shortening it a bit, and also making it flow better.  In The Presence Of Enemies pt2 5/10 This one's over the 16 minute mark, which is again way too long. They seriously need to stop trying to re-create A Change Of Seasons. Also the \\"dark master\\" part felt way too cheesy. I really could've dealt without that. Another example of the lyrics taking a bad turn, though they'd get worse on the next album. The song starts with a kind of cool piano synth mix. Jordan really does better when he sticks to putting music together for verses. It's when he thinks he should keyboard or piano solo that he has major problems. Seriously he's never had a good solo, nor a decent one. I like the build up to the chorus. James has a nice delivery there. The melody in the chorus is only ok at best, the lyrics making it worse than it actually is. James still does just fine on here.   Overall this is a very flawed album, but also an enjoyable one. I don't really understand the hate on this one. The last 3 songs don't compare to the first 5, but still. You could tell the potential was there. Unfortunately while they've improved some aspects of the band, their next 2 albums have proved much less enjoyable than this one.  Still if you're a Dream Theater fan who doesn't live in the past, you should own this album. sure it's not Awake, nor Images, but it's still a pretty good album.
B0011HF6GE|5.0|This is outstanding, probably one of my most favorite albums over the last 15 years.  If you like folk rock music even a little then this is a must have.  I spend about two hours a day in my car for my commute, this is one of my go to CDs for driving music.
B0042SSO1I|4.0|For those not in the know, the BBC's \\"Merlin\\" is to Arthurian legend what [[ASIN:B004XWLN20 Smallville]] is to the Superman mythos: a long-running prequel that explores the lives of various individuals before they become the renowned figures of legend. In this case, \\"Merlin\\" is based on the evolution of its four main characters: Merlin (Colin Morgan) as he grows from inexperienced youth to wise mentor, Arthur (Bradley James), who progresses from prattish prince to noble king, Morgana (Katie McGrath), whose fall into darkness provides the show's most tragic arc, and Guinevere (Angel Coulby), a young servant girl who will one day be Queen of Camelot.<br /><br />Rounding out the cast is Anthony Head as King Uther, an uncompromising ruler whose persecution of magic provides the main conflict of the show (for Merlin must keep his innate powers a secret at all costs) and Richard Wilson as Gaius the court physician, who lends support and advice to Merlin. It is these characters and the range of complex relationships they share, whether familial, romantic or antagonistic, that make the show so appealing. The entire cast is immensely talented, share amazing chemistry with one another, and are backed up by reoccurring guest-stars as other familiar characters from legend: Emilia Fox as Morgause, Santiago Cabrera as Lancelot, and John Hurt as the voice of the Great Dragon. With beautiful visuals and surprisingly good special effects, \\"Merlin\\" is suited for a family audience. There's nothing here that's too traumatizing for young viewers, though it does get darker as the series goes on.<br /><br />SOME SPOILERS FOLLOW. Nothing too drastic, more character-related than plot-related, and most of it pertaining to the first two episodes.<br /><br />*<br />*<br />*<br /><br />The third series picks up a year after the season two finale, during which the main cast has been diligently searching the kingdom for Morgana. Spirited away at the end of [[ASIN:B003ES5JII series two]] by her half-sister Morgause, only Merlin knows the true reason for her disappearance and his culpability in it (it's a bit of a long story, and obviously you'll want to watch the first two series before jumping headfirst into the third one). Arthur and Merlin are searching for her in enemy territory when a familiar figure stumbles out of the mist: Morgana! She is whisked back to Camelot, much to the joy of her foster-father Uther, but Merlin is not so sure she can be trusted. As an army marches upon Camelot at the behest of Morgause, it becomes apparent that there is a traitor within the walls of Camelot, a discovery that sets up the arc of the entire season.<br /><br />With thirteen episodes in all, season three of \\"Merlin\\" is a bit of a mixed bag - mostly good, but with a few missed opportunities that prevent it from being truly exceptional entertainment. But first, the good stuff. The series opener and finale (\\"The Tears of Uther Pendragon\\" and \\"The Coming of Arthur\\") are both two-parters, and are the best that the show has ever been. These four episodes are filmic in terms of the storytelling, visual effects and emotional punch on display. We get our clearest glimpse yet of the future that it to come, what with the reappearance of Excalibur and the Lady of the Lake, the introduction of the Round Table Knights, and that glorious final shot of...well, I'd better not give it away. It's wonderful, stirring stuff.<br /><br />Between our four young actors a great dynamic is at work. Arthur and Guinevere's love story begins to develop from puppy love into something more serious, and if you thought that the pairing was a little rushed in the second series, give it another chance. Here the writers allow the couple to flirt and laugh and enjoy each other's company, and as a result Bradley and Angel's chemistry feels much more natural. Meanwhile, Colin and Katie channel a very different kind of chemistry as former-friends Merlin and Morgana draw their line in the sand and find themselves on opposite sides. Their scenes together are nothing short of electrifying as Morgana strives to bring down the Pendragons and Merlin attempts to oppose her at every turn whilst protecting his own secret.<br /><br />Among the new characters that are introduced this season are the future Knights of the Round Table, providing heroics and eye-candy in equal measure. There are also some great episodes such as \\"The Crystal Cave\\" and \\"The Eye of the Phoenix\\" which do a great job of melding elements of Arthurian legend with the show's own vision.<br /><br />But...there's a downside. To my mind at least, there are two major problems at work in season three that prevent it from getting a five-star rating.<br /><br />The biggest disappointment of season three is what was meant to be its trump-card: Morgana. A prequel's success lies in the journey that characters take to predetermined destinations. We all KNOW where Merlin, Morgana, Arthur and Guinevere end up. What we're interested in is HOW they get to those places, and Morgana's fall from a spoilt but essentially good-hearted young woman to the evil enchantress of legend undoubtedly held the most potential for a dramatic character-arc.<br /><br />Morgana had been established as a brave, impulsive, passionate woman who was frightened by her growing powers and terrified of Uther's hatred of magic despite his love for her. We had seen for ourselves how dangerous she could be when crossed and how gifted she was with the art of manipulation. Hers was a personality that could quite easily be corrupted by fear and hatred, whilst still remaining sympathetic and defensible given her circumstances - after all, Morgana's main goal is to destroy a genocidal tyrant. For any writer, this set-up would be considered pure gold.<br /><br />And so it is a bitter disappointment to discover that the Morgana who returns to Camelot is not a dangerous and intelligent adversary with justifiable goals, divided loyalties and complex motivation, but rather nothing more than a petty caricature of evil. Her plans are illogical and convoluted, and thus fail without exception. She turns on Arthur and Guinevere without hesitation or remorse, taking sadistic pleasure in tormenting them for no apparent reason. There is a perpetual smirk on her face that nobody ever seems to notice. Despite the terrifying prospect of a traitor within the walls of Camelot, she poses no viable threat whatsoever and is continually thwarted by Merlin with almost laughable ease.<br /><br />Katie McGrath plays the part with relish, but for reasons best known to them, the writers took their most fascinating character and turned her into their most one-dimensional, void of any kind of sympathy, reason, or consistency. Not only has Morgana's past nuance been obliterated, but the events that could have explained this shift in personality took place entirely OFF SCREEN in the missing year between series two and three. It's a baffling creative decision, especially when one considers how fascinating her character-arc could have been.<br /><br />The other big disappointment of season three is the writer's steadfast refusal to move their plots forward. Much of the season is simply filler, and the stalling tactics are enough to wear the patience of any viewer. Every time there seems to be some sort of forward momentum in the story-arc, the writers veer off into irrelevant side-plots, skipping over what could have been fascinating material in favor of comedic farce, recycled plotlines, and one-shot guest stars. This has the added consequence of making the characters seem remarkably stupid, as they fail to follow up on leads or to ask questions that would have pushed the stories forward into new and interesting territory. For instance, it's ridiculous that neither Morgana nor Morgause think to question the fact that Merlin was able to escape the magical chains that they bind him with; or that Arthur and Uther wouldn't try to discover the identityof the traitor after the magical sabotage during the siege on Camelot.<br /><br />Why don't they do these things? Simply because if they did, the writers would be forced to move the story forward into places they (for whatever reason) don't want to go yet. Unfortunately it really achieves nothing except to make their characters seem dense, and waste a lot of good material. Other times ideas are raised only to be ignored - there was a chance to explore Gwen's character further what with the introduction of her brother and her discovery of Morgana's magic, but nothing ever comes of these plot-points.<br /><br />The status-quo is finally shaken up at the end of the series, but by exorcising all the filler throughout the series, the events of \\"The Coming of Arthur\\" could have easily been stretched out over five or so episodes. We could have seen more of Morgana's reign, more of Gwen in the role of a spy, more of Uther's suffering, more of Arthur living rough in the woods, gathering his allies, and planning a counter-attack to win back his kingdom, more of Merlin and the future knights training and getting to know one another and working as a team to create La Resistance - you know, all the *interesting* stuff that inexplicably happens off-screen.<br /><br />Am I being too harsh? Maybe. \\"Merlin\\" has never pretended to be anything but fun and frivolous family entertainment, and in that it does the job. But so often it misses out on being something very brave and different, held back by the writers' (or producers') reluctance to give up the pointless standalone episodes in favor of a larger, more complex arc in which their characters can behave logically and develop naturally. With season four due to start very soon, I'm hoping that the show is finally ready to grow up and realize its potential.il without exception. She turns on Arthur and Guinevere without hesitation or remorse, taking sadistic pleasure in tormenting them for no apparent reason. There is a perpetual smirk on her face that nobody ever seems to notice. Despite the terrifying prospect of a traitor within the walls of Camelot, she poses no viable threat whatsoever and is continually thwarted by Merlin with almost laughable ease.   Katie McGrath plays the part with relish, but for reasons best known to them, the writers took their most fascinating character and turned her into their most one-dimensional, void of any kind of sympathy, reason, or consistency. Not only has Morgana's past nuance been obliterated, but the events that could have explained this shift in personality took place entirely OFF SCREEN in the missing year between series two and three. It's a baffling creative decision, especially when one considers how fascinating her character-arc could have been.  The other big disappointment of season three is the writer's steadfast refusal to move their plots forward. Much of the season is simply filler, and the stalling tactics are enough to wear the patience of any viewer. Every time there seems to be some sort of forward momentum in the story-arc, the writers veer off into irrelevant side-plots, skipping over what could have been fascinating material in favor of comedic farce, recycled plotlines, and one-shot guest stars. This has the added consequence of making the characters seem remarkably stupid, as they fail to follow up on leads or to ask questions that would have pushed the stories forward into new and interesting territory. For instance, it's ridiculous that neither Morgana nor Morgause think to question the fact that Merlin was able to escape the magical chains that they bind him with; or that Arthur and Uther wouldn't try to discover the identity of the traitor after the magical sabotage during the siege on Camelot.   Why don't they do these things? Simply because if they did, the writers would be forced to move the story forward into places they (for whatever reason) don't want to go yet. Unfortunately it really achieves nothing except to make their characters seem dense, and waste a lot of good material. Other times ideas are raised only to be ignored - there was a chance to explore Gwen's character further what with the introduction of her brother and her discovery of Morgana's magic, but nothing ever comes of these plot-points.   The status-quo is finally shaken up at the end of the series, but by exorcising all the filler throughout the series, the events of \\"The Coming of Arthur\\" could have easily been stretched out over five or so episodes. We could have seen more of Morgana's reign, more of Gwen in the role of a spy, more of Uther's suffering, more of Arthur living rough in the woods, gathering his allies, and planning a counter-attack to win back his kingdom, more of Merlin and the future knights training and getting to know one another and working as a team to create La Resistance - you know, all the *interesting* stuff that inexplicably happens off-screen.   Am I being too harsh? Maybe. \\"Merlin\\" has never pretended to be anything but fun and frivolous family entertainment, and in that it does the job. But so often it misses out on being something very brave and different, held back by the writers' (or producers') reluctance to give up the pointless standalone episodes in favor of a larger, more complex arc in which their characters can behave logically and develop naturally. With season four due to start very soon, I'm hoping that the show is finally ready to grow up and realize its potential.
B0042RJWTC|4.0|We purchased the complete set six months ago and began watching it just this week.  It has exceeded our expectations with the story line, costuming, sets, etc.,....except, where are the sub-titles?  With various English accents by actors from four countries it's difficult at best to understand without captions or sub-titles.  'Pillars of the Earth' excelled in all areas and I rated it as five stars, 'The Tudors', unfortunately because of the great difficulty in understanding most of the actors, doesn't achieve that level of excellence.  It is such a shame that with exceptional casting, costuming, sets, etc., the DVD's are misrepresented as having captions.  Each one offers the 'caption' option, however they do not exist.
B0000062S0|4.0|I thought this album was pretty solid all the way through. Some of my favorite songs include \\"Shining In The Light\\", \\"When the World Was Young\\", \\"Blue Train\\", and the original recording of \\"Please Read the Letter\\" that Plant later recorded with Alison Krauss.
B004A8ZWVU|5.0|I happen to think this movie is great.  It is a touching story with so many sub-plots.  There is solid acting, especially the strong performances of Bryce Dallas Howard, Octavia Spencer and Jessica Chastain.    4.5/5 stars.    If you want to read more, including spoilers, check out more.    [...]
B000002KDX|5.0|i feel that this is Americas best album,I still have the vinyl copy,a horse with no name is a classic track. But the rest of the cd is really good great acoustic sound.
B004KO8036|5.0|I was at Mayhem this summer outside Boise when at the Jager stage came out this rough looking group of dudes that just blew my mind. The next day I ordered the two albums and I was not disappointed after listening to them. This is the better of the two studio albums and is solid from start to finish. If you like Clutch, Monster Magnet, Kyuss, Black Sabbath you will love these guys, though they don't sound the same but they rock the same.
B003M1HN04|5.0|The writers of this episode, as well as the actors and actresses, did an absolutely stellar job with this episode. It was poignant, moving, and exciting all at once. Rose (Billie Piper) did an especially fantastic job. I enjoyed it as much as any episode of any show I've ever seen, and I've seen a lot. My only regret is that I will have to say goodbye to the absolutely wonderful chemistry between Rose and this Doctor, played wonderfully by Eccleston.
B005B19UPE|5.0|The writing is tight and concise, well done. My heart was as moved as when I read Sophie's choice. I decided against viewing the film. I want to remember as I saw it in my mind's eyes.
B004G25V9S|1.0|What can I say?  I am truly heartbroken.  I have bought and gifted more than 20 copies of \\"Ghost Reveries\\" with the moniker of \\"the best metal record ever made\\" to my indie rock friends.  I have converted so many people that would never listen to metal otherwise.  Funny, because I found Opeth in 01 through being a Porcupine Tree fan.  Opeth is the only metal band that I own more than 2 records of (I own them all).  They are my oasis from the xx, the weeknd, Kurt Vile, Nick Cave, Danger Mouse etc.  When I need complicated and amazing and brutal and beatiful all at once, I could always count on Opeth.  A lot of the other reviews are pointing at \\"Watershed\\" as an indicator that this record was coming.  Play \\"Hex Omega\\" and then listen to Heritage.  There is no correlation for me.  I am so bummed, kind of like one of my best friends just changed their name and moved to Iceland: they are still on the planet, but gone for me now.  At least I still have Still Life, Blackwater Park and Ghost Reveries to visit.  It's great Mikael doesn't care what his fans think, that he makes records \\"he\\" wants to listen to.  I guess he will be sitting in a room by himself listening to \\"Heritage\\".
B004ZRV3AU|4.0|Works well. Takes some getting used to. Awkward to use and assemble. But once you get the hang of cutting bottles, it's a snap.
B004LWZVZC|4.0|This purchase was made to learn more about the people involved  with the assination of Lincoln.  The idea of the woman that was  considered guilty and doomed to be the first woman to die for  a crime. Being tried by a  military tribunial, she was guilty   even though there was absolute doubt she was ever involved with the plot or the crime.
B0058A119G|2.0|The delux set features Streisand with a new recording of Bergman songs and another of previously recorded material.  The new recording is beautifully sung by Streisand, but everything sounds the same and it is as dull as dishwater.  I doubt I will ever listen to it again and I am a huge Streisand fan.  The previously recorded material fares much better and is worth hearing again.
B005G4TJI4|1.0|There's just no point to it. The movie sucks, it's pure garbage. The bluray sucks, there are no special features, just the movie. Not worth the price. Save your money for something worthwhile, it's a tough economy right now and this film doesn't deserve any of your hard earned money. The fact that they're releasing a bluray of the film without any supplements with the intent of releasing another bluray later this year with everything is just plain selfish business. This movie was so absolutely terrible, and if you honestly liked this and thought it was anything more than what it is, going so far as to say it was a 'good movie' then that's just sad. There are thousands of movies already out on bluray and still coming that deserve your $20 more than this one. If I may recommend it, spend your money on Tree of Life when it comes out just a week later on bluray. It's not the greatest film ever made, but it's the best to come out this year and the bluray is going to be so amazing. That movie alone is more rewarding in one viewing than this film could ever be. But regardless, please just don't buy this movie, especially not this version of the bluray. If you want to spend $20, give it to a charity or something, or keep saving up because the economy could nosedive again at any moment and this movie isn't worth the risk. Tree of Life is, but not this. NOT THIS MOVIE. YOUR MONEY IS WORTH MORE. DON'T SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS. NOT THIS MOVIE.
B001IBIHQ4|4.0|This ended up being blu-ray and not dvd, but it is time to get a ble-ray player anyway. I watched part of it at a friends house and it looks good.
B000002I99|5.0|Man, Can You Believe It's Been 30 Plus Years Since This Was Released? But Damn It Holds Up GREAT To The Crap Thats Out There Today.
B004XDYJRU|5.0|This program can find just about anything on the net from live streams to podcasts. Equivalent to Pandora on wireless but plays better than Pandora over a 3G connection.  Great search engine.  Found radio stations across the country in seconds and found podcasts like Car Talk in about a minute.
B0012GN3AU|5.0|Alice Cooper proves Why HE Is The Genius In The Metal Genre. This Disc Starts Off With A Bang And Just Keeps Going And Going. WoW, What A Ride
B0010VD7EO|5.0|Very nice and great service.  Love the music and the it was really nice to get it so quickly.  I will be ordering again.
0441009425|5.0|awesome book for any fan of sci-fi...  great balance of space opera with individual character stories, as well as a cool way of balancing imminence and transcendence
B004Y6CS8I|5.0|This CD was delivered as promised and is from an artist I had not heard of before. Its really something different to relax and ease the mind to.
0767811070|3.0|I remember watching this movie back when I was in high school. I never really liked it because I don't like the way Cuba Gooding Jr act in this movie. Now years later my husband wanted to watch Boyz in the Hood the other night because we haven't watched it in some time. Being older and paying more attention to details I realized this movie isn't bad. But I'm still not crazy about Cuba's acting.
B0054VVRBQ|4.0|I purchased the Transcend Expresscard RDF1 for my Macbook Pro, intending to use it with a 64GB SDXC card for more storage. I selected this product primarily because it will hold the SDXC cards flush into the Macbook, and not sticking out a little as with some other similar products. When I received the Expresscard, I quickly installed it in my Macbook. It slides into the express card slot and locks into place. To lock it into place you have to use the edge of your fingernail because there isn't much room for fingers once it gets almost all the way in (at least, not for my fat fingers). Once installed, it was a snap to slide the SDXC card in, which also locks into place. As advertised, it is completely flush when installed, so it is possible to leave the card in the Macbook when traveling. To remove the SDXC, just push the card in a little and it pops back out about a third of its length. Same thing for the Expresscard, but you have to use the edge of a fingernail as described above.    At this point came my only complaint about the unit. Nothing happened once I got the two cards physically installed. I expected the drive to appear in my OS X finder but the Macbook resolutely ignored repeated removal and replacement of the two devices. After some effort I located a website on the little cardboard card in the bubble pack, stating in tiny print where you have to download drivers [...]. This done, the drive mounted immediately. I have to say, the card is fast. I cannot tell any difference in speed copying files to the card as compared with copying files between locations on the hard drive. It is noticeably faster than copying to a USB 2.0 device. Now that it is properly installed, I am very pleased and am considering investing in a 128GB SDXC card for even more storage.    Note: I am using a 133x SDXC card.
B00003CX95|4.0|This is a good movie about the life of William. It is nice to see how strong he was and even till the day he was killed he never gave in. It is sad to know that all he wanted in life was to grow crops and have a family. He wasn't a fighter. He did it for his father, brother, and wife.
B0010T3UUC|4.0|Good work clog, it grips wet floors well, comfortable for long hours on a tile or cement floors.  I have chosen to cut open the ventilation spots on the sides of the toe area, my only complaint was that is was too warm on my feet, problem fixed. (I do not work in an area with hot oil or boiling water, thus it was ok for me to ventilate the shoes).
B000AJIF4E|2.0|I love these headphones.  They were great while they lasted.  My brother and I both bought them, but they both blew out.  I'd spend a few extra bucks and get an updated model if I were buying again.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|The changes are not a problem because...  The picture quality is of the best I have seen in any blu-ray transferred motion picture. I even popped in the 2004 DVD's to compare and could not believe the difference. Between that and the great sound quality, it is as if the films were just created and released for the first time. As far as the changes that Lucas has made in the blu-ray versions, I barely noticed them and I honestly thought they were for the better. They really have no impact on the plot of the movie and shouldn't be fussed over. Also, this set comes with about 2 days of bonus features (40 hours actually), which makes it completely worth it. If you are a fan of the series or think you may want to be, or even if you thought the preview on TV was cool, I would highly recommend buying this set!
B0042J6VUS|1.0|The holder worked for my iPhone 4, just a little tight and you can't slide it snugly to the side piece or else it hits your volume buttons. But the tripod I got was useless. The ball joint doesn't tighten, just flops around. Probably defective, but Amazon doesn't allow replacement for this item, so I'm just returning it. I guess you get what you pay for, but it seems worth spending $25-$30 for something that actually works.
0307913090|5.0|My husband and I purchased this to listen on during a road trip. The voice actor is wonderful with different voices for all the characters :D
B0058P7KUA|3.0|When the movement stick gets stuck, then a cheap death occurs.  My HTC Thunderbolt is not in the unsupported category.    Outside of annoying bugs, there is a fun, though brief chibi mob killing game.
B003X5UFWW|5.0|Man no wonder bruce lee was the bomb, because lp man taught him! I never knew there was kick A!@ movies like this! I wish this movie was a roller coaster that did not stop! Donnie yen brings to life lp man. The unstoppable force of a martial arts master. He is a \\"modern day Jesus Christ in kung fu form.\\" A peaceful man devoted to the mastering of a kung fu art called wing chun that is not only skin deep but also revolves around the spirit that goes with it that is the triumphant china spirit known to all defined as wisdom with peace! This movie is inded an instant classic and a step in the right direction for other films to follow in!  Ha ha Godbless
B005D9MUWY|5.0|This is one of the best keyboards I have played with. Its what I use now on my DroidX. Go ahead and get it!
B00005JNX0|4.0|Technology has made it easier for creators to tell stories, which otherwise would not have been so appealing. This movie is testimony to the great American sense of humour and how they think, create and entertain. The quality of animation is top notch and contributes enrormously to making the humour so rib-tickling. The goings on, the setting and the dilemmas are all so recognisable, yet, the presentation so new. What better place than New York which is the cultural boiling pot of the entire planet to show how a Lion and Zebra are the best of friends. Amazing philosphy is what makes humour funnier. Only one regret that the movie was too short. If only the movie were 30 minutes longer I would not have shaved off half a \\"star\\". 4.5* out of 5
B0045HCIYA|5.0|Great score, great acting, and choreography for this feature. The cast all works well together in a story of a mother losing her job due to an ex husbands shady cons and thefts. so she turns to dancing to make money to keep her house and help gain full custody of her daughter. the plot unfolds nicely and burt reynolds is hilarious as a senator of Florida. its one of those you have to see to be believe it.
B0051CSI0G|5.0|Very good vampire series for those looking for an apocalyptic world where vampires have taken a foothold over society. very well done. the story leaves hoping they continue as the end set a whole new journey two characters set off on.
0316174483|5.0|This book has been a hit at our house. Everyone from the 2-year-old to the 8 and 9-year-olds have been enthralled. I've had several friends ask where they could get one... :)
B000IZJZLM|5.0|Their music is wonderful.  Can't say enough good things about them.  Just hope they stay together and keep making beautiful music.  Will buy more of their albums.
B005A5Y57Y|5.0|I should probably start by saying I did like Tinnitus Sanctus.  Now that my review is meaningless to most people, I have to say I love this album.  Its more like Rocket Ride but its also a very diverse album.  You'll notice the song styles change a lot which may turn some off but I think it adds to the mix.  Edguy continues to hit on the humor and lightsidedness of metal and none better than the opening track.  The video for Robin Hood is hiliarious although I prefer superheroes (can't beat the bunnies).  I lost it on the part where Toby bellows out Son of a Father, bewareth...  Its just cheesy goodness.  I recommend the 2 CD version as the second CD is very good too.  I especially like God Fallen Silent, Aleister Crowley Memorial Boogie, and Standing in the Rain.  If you like power metal with a little cheesiness, then you can't go wrong with Edguy.  Love it.
034552554X|5.0|I never new about flower dictionaries.  I am not a gardner nor a naturalist nonetheless I am totally intrigued by the language of flowers.  Being a critical reader and always looking for symbolism drew mw into this story.  The foster care system is a character unto itself throughout this book.  The characters are vividly presented and the floweres add to the story in a tremendous way.  I loved this book! I recommend it for your reading plaesure and for book clubs.  It will lead to a great discussion about several of the themes.
B0015AARJI|5.0|this controller is sturdy reliable and havent had a problem with it since i first bought my first PS3 about 5 years ago and its still chugging along perfectly fine
B0050SYS5A|5.0|This is a great easy to install, clip & play hardware with lenses that trick the Kinect sensor and lets u play in a small living room.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|Game is fun and time consuming... Works great on my phone... Only complaint is that it makes me late for work!!
B0058VW36U|1.0|don't update...it wiped my entire game data and it removed the last update....it removed the update and cleaned my entire game progress
B0034DGPEU|5.0|The Kitchen House shows the delicate balance between the races.  While The story is set prior to the Civil War, parallels can still be drawn against modern times.
B005LY4B0A|4.0|As far as puzzle games go, this game is good. It runs and looks great on my Epic... However, my Galaxy Tab 10.1 is a different story. While it runs just fine, it does not scale well to the larger screen. Will give 5 stars once proper tablet resolutions are supported.
B001B6PBBK|5.0|I'd never heard of this movie when I randomly came across it. Actually, I think Amazon suggested it. I really, really liked it.
1933633867|5.0|This is an interesting book that should be read by everyone. The author's main thesis is that over the last five thousand years there has been a double standard with regard to money and money obligations. Among the rich money and obligations have been looked upon as a relationship that can always be renegotiated and rearranged, but when the poor owe an obligation to the upper classes, it is viewed as a sacred, serious obligation. The prime example described were debtor's prisons. There were two tiers to these debtor prisons: One for the rich was, as we could expect, like holiday camps, and the another for the lower classes was a horrorshow. The author succeeds admirably in describing the types and permutations of those sacred obligations over history and throughout the world, although he seems to concentrate on describing the \\"sacred obligations.\\"  The author is an anthropologist by profession. Therefore his description of the \\"sacred obligation\\" is often painfully detailed about an obscure tribe in Africa or a far off village in Bulgaria. But then the author makes a fascinating and illuminating analysis of shifts in monetary policy and trends, beginning five thousand years ago and proceeding to the present financial crisis. The book consists, therefore, in two parts; the first being an anthropological treatise and the second a historical analysis. The book therefore has something for everyone. The author has the wonderful ability to make monetary policy intelligible and interesting. This book is a keeper, a book that could be consulted with in the future after it is placed in the shelf. I'd give it ten stars if I could. Highly recommended.
B004XIQIPQ|4.0|This album is actually quite good. If you look back over the older music most fans love the uptempo songs on Whatever People Say.  I did but I secretly could not wait for the Riot Van, Mardy Bum, A Certain Romance change of pace to come on, too.  On Who the F*** are the Arctic Monkeys you will find 3 slower tempo songs that were wonderful.  My opinion is that the songs on this album are beautiful songs on the slower tempo side overall but what bugs me and others is the rawness of the old music is gone.  These songs mainly are overproduced with that dump echo chamber sound. You have to listen past the effects but when you do you say the songs are really great.  So let's hope the Monkeys go back to the garage and get clear guitars and voices again.
030788743X|5.0|I love a book that takes you into another world/time and makes it feel right.  I am not a computer geek but felt like I belonged in this world.  The use of trivia was awesome, I have kept the book and suggested it to several people who are computer savy.  Very enjoyable.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|These are fun, quick, self-contained games.  The format is a lot like angry birds in that you have to unlock different levels by passing each game.
B003VANOFY|5.0|I am a big fan of Logitech products and this one does not disappoint.    The materials used in this product make it seem well built and ready to last. The ear cushions do a good job in isolating the ambient noise. The microphone boom swings out of the way and mutes with a nice little indicator light letting you know when its been muted.    A base station is provided for the wireless dongle to be placed on the desk minimizing any chance of interference but I found they worked just fine for me without it and was easily able to still use them in the next room. It serves an additional purpose as a micro USB cable is nicely tucked into it as well to provide you with charging on the desk. When the headset starts to get low in power it will audibly beep at you and there is plenty of cable here to easily charge while wearing them still.    I do seem I get the advertised 10hrs of battery out of these.    If I had any complaint it would be that they can get warm wearing them for an extended length of time but I imagine that is a side effect resulting from the sound isolation that they provide.    * Update 8/18/2014 *  The foam earpads have deteriated to the point I had to replace them. I picked up a pair of replacement pads to the G430 since Logitech doesn't seem to offer them for this product. I am also now experiencing issues with the battery charge. This is now the next thing that I must replace on my pair.
0307454541|5.0|This book was great.  I read the second one in the series first, but definately enjoyed reading this one more.
0060775858|5.0|I especially love the board-book version of this book, because my daughter can turn the pages as I read to her.  It's a great bedtime book.
030726999X|5.0|Great book, good ending to the series.  I have all three books in the series and have thouroghly enjoyed them.
B0058P7KUA|4.0|I originally got this on my PSP when it first came out for Sony's Minis platform. When I got an iPod Touch, it was eventually bought. Now, I have the Android version. in either case, this is one of the best twin-stick shooters around with a lot of personality and a good soundtrack. I prefer the iOS and Androidversion versions for the better graphics, but any version will do. BUY IT!*  *SIDE NOTE: I got this for my DROID X2, and the game has trouble loading. Once the app is selected, a black screen appears w/o loading the game. After a few back-outs, the game eventually loads; it does this almost every other time BUT after the loading problem no other problem/game freeze has occurred during actual gameplay. It could be a problem with OpenFeint (although it caused absolutely no problems for me on Fruit Ninja). The load problems is a reason I'm giving this four stars instead of five.
B004ZJZPXY|5.0|I con totally said that this movie is great for some people at the begining it may seems slow but if you enjoy a good british comedy you will never fell that way, Edgar Wright is my favorite director and Simon Pegg and Nick Frost acting is flawless, and it has a great plot twist at the end, the bonus content i havent see it but i guess it should be cool.
B003I8WZD6|4.0|For the price I waiting a better job from JVC, the sound is the remastered in 1993, and no is like XRCD o SACD. I hope soon that SONY UK made a 5.1 version in SACD.
0439023521|3.0|Honestly, I only started this book because of all the hype and the fact that it is being made into a movie. I have never joined into a series while it was still big, even with Twilight I didn't start reading it until the fourth book was released, I just never saw the point. I am glad that I picked up The Hunger Games before the movie adaptation's release next year, before all the deaths and surprises were ruined. Although I didn't love the book, like so many others, and found much of the writing rather pedestrian, I did enjoy it enough to read the next in the series.  What I Enjoyed:  - The overall concept is cool and full of possibilities. The idea of a post-apocalyptic world ruled by faceless overlords who remind you of their authority in terrifying and often deadly ways is a fun idea. Sure, it felt a little reminiscent of several other sci-fi tropes, I kept expecting a rogue Gorn to appear in the middle of the arena, but it was still interesting. I am interested to see how the Capitol reacts in the next book, see if their wrath of God mentality can be scary enough to really challenge the characters.  - I like that Collins wasn't afraid to put children in harm's way, to kill them to show the loss of innocence, it reminded me a lot of Lord of the Flies. She also didn't feel the need to pull any punches in the deaths, often mutilating her victims in nightmarish ways, making me wonder how well she would do with an adult horror series.  - The characters were okay, some better developed than others and some obviously more sympathetic than others. I think Rue and Cinna were my favorites, they were mysterious enough that I was intrigued but they were also loveable and slightly strange. I would have liked to see more of Gale, he was more interesting than Peeta, and sorry to say but I didn't care too much for the main protagonist Katniss. I also would have liked to read more about the other tributes, what were their stories? Were they really as terrible as Katniss thought?- I enjoyed the surprises, most of them I didn't see coming, although being that the end result was that the majority of the contestants had to die kind of took all the suspense out of the story. But Collins did a good job of finding ways to pump of the heart racing bits by giving us some interesting deaths and unforeseen threats, the big twist/threat at the Cornucopia was a brilliant turn. Again she should try her hand at adult horror or sci-fi. But the other big twist was too easy and obvious, too wishy washy, and a bit of a cop out.  Now onto why I liked but didn't love the book.  - It feels like Collins had one idea for her lead, and then didn't like it and changed her mid-book, making Katniss seem confused and not that intelligent. She is a smart character, resourceful and somewhat sympathetic, although at times it feels forced, but she is far too thick when it comes to Peeta and Gale. Sometimes I am rooting for her, other times I can't wait to see what tortures are coming her way because she seems so dense.  - Collins' writing style, especially the first person progressive narrative, drives me up the wall! I don't think you can fully tell a story that is engaging when you write in that style, where everything is happening to the protagonist as she is describing it, something is just missing. Speak of describing it, Collins seems to be the \\"don't show, tell\\" kind of author, not allowing the audience to read what happens but instead sums it up in brief and bland descriptions. I would have liked to get more detail, more anything, it just felt like something was missing half of the time. Also, she writes in an annoyingly choppy style, which probably comes from it being straight from the character's head, but still it was taxing.  Overall this was a fun ride, I was excited to read the next chapter, enthralled by the concept if let down by the execution and main character. I cannot wait to see the movie, the cast, at least for the minor characters, seems spot on and the changes are what I am really looking forward to.  Grade: B-
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I've been hearing buzz about this book for quite some time. I heard the basic premise and thought it sounded awful. It finally reached the point where at least 10 separate people had recommended this book to me so I gave in. And... I finished it in a day. I couldn't put it down! The plot of the book (reality tv show featuring a brutal fight to the death) is very well thought out. It takes place in the future but the plot is realistic enough that it makes you think \\"could this ever happen here?\\" I don't want to give too much away but I will say if you enjoyed \\"Ender's Game\\" by Orson Scott Card you will definitely like this book.
B005P4PBKU|5.0|Since I posted my review of this episode a lot has changed.  I'd like to think that my review made some difference, but even if it didn't my objections in the original review have all been corrected.  The first season I had previously purchased is now available, all seasons are now available for purchase on Amazon.com, and all seasons are now offered in HD.  Because of that I am revising my review to a 5 star rating.  I've left the original review below so that people who didn't see it know what I'm referring to.  I hope the person(s) behind the licensing of \\"The Big Bang Theory\\" and other series start to realize the huge market they have in digital distribution.  Oh, just for anyone who might read this that has any power over licensing for Amazon Instant Video.  I don't own a TV and haven't for many years.  I stopped paying for satellite when I missed an episode of \\"The Big Bang Theory\\" on my DVR and found there was no way for me to watch the missed episode legally.  I now only watch TV online.  I have owned VHS tapes and DVDs.  I refuse to buy the same movies, or others, on Blu-Ray.  I'm tired of the copyright holders changing formats and expecting us to re-purchase products we already own.  This also applies to music with audio cassettes and CDs.  Copyright holders keep complaining about how file sharing is costing them money.  What about the money I've wasted buying items that I can no longer use?  I have spent quite a bit of money on duplicate copies of copyrighted material.  One more thing in this little rant.  The copyright holders also tend to not release some products in new formats.  I have a number of items that are OOP (Out Of Print).  Since the copyright holders don't think it worth it to re-release these items people who wish to purchase them are just out of luck or have to find an old and rare print.  Original review:  ----------------------------------------  So, they have decided to sell the fifth season of \\"The Big Bang Theory\\" on Amazon.com.  Meanwhile, I can't access the first season I've already purchased because of \\"licensing restrictions\\".  What a joke.  I don't know who is in charge of licensing on \\"The Big Bang Theory\\", but they should be fired.  It just proves once again that the companies in charge of TV, movies, music, etc. have no clue when it comes to digital distribution.  This is in no way a slam at Amazon.com.  I've been very happy with them.  This is a slam at whoever is in charge of licensing the TV series \\"The Big Bang Theory\\".
B000NQRE0K|5.0|This is a great movie in just about every way. First of all, it's a beautiful movie to watch. The cinematography is excellent and the scenery is amazing. The film's score, by James Horner, works perfectly with the scenes to create different moods. The battle scenes are realistic, the love scenes are romantic, and there are a lot of light-hearted moments. Many epics suffer from being boring at times, but this is interesting throughout. My only slight complaint is that they changed the facts quite a bit, but if you don't know the history already it shouldn't bother you.
1439133948|4.0|If you're a fan of the Vorkosigan series, then you have to buy this book. No, it's not the best book of the series. But you want to know what happens, don't you? And, if you are anything at all like me or anyone else I know who likes this series, then reading one necessitates going back and reading them all. Cyroburn can help with that, too- it comes bundled with a CDROM that has every anthology in the series. For those keeping count, the only Miles book *not* included is [[ASIN:067187845X Memory (Miles Vorkosigan Adventures)]], because it was never published in an anthology. Now, Baen has made the cd-rom available for free on the internet, as well; but I prefer to show support for the publishers and authors who make such brave choices in tangible ways.<br /><br />None of my local book stores carried it, sadly. Amazon to the rescue.
B000002P2V|5.0|This 1978 historic Who album (given Keith Moon's immediate demise following its release) may be worth the words reiterated in this review title alone! While it will forever remain a tragedy that a maniac like Moon cut his own life so short, at least his musical legacy will never die. As for his bandmates, having to supplement for his rather poor playing on this record--Pete Townshend recorded the 6/8 percussion on \\"Music Must Change\\" using his own footsteps!--at least allowed the original 9 tracks (+5 bonuses for this remastered release) to remain heartwarming and memorable after all these years.   The album kicks off with an eardrum blasting power chord from Pete on \\"New Song\\", proceeds to back-to-back gems from John in \\"Had Enough\\" and \\"905\\" (the latter of the two is almost tear-jerking), and never loses its touch. The theme of many of the compositions herein reflect various means of musical, literary innovation--in reflection of the incomplete Lifehouse project supplemented on Who's Next seven years prior. After listening to brilliant rockers like \\"New Song\\", \\"Guitar and Pen\\", \\"Music Must Change\\", and \\"Sister Disco\\", your own creative juices will be flowing in no time! After doing all that thinking (a basic requirement for enjoying Who music), it's time to dance your heels off while jamming to the album's title track--which delivers all the comedy, outrage, and musicianship imaginable in 6 minutes (bearing an alternate second verse in the bonus track version at the end of the album). You are then treated to a tender tribute to touring with \\"No Road Romance\\"--a previously unreleased Townshend solo act--along with Pete's original version of \\"Empty Glass\\", which would shape his upcoming [second] classic solo work in 1980. The final three bonus tracks are all alternate versions of earlier songs on the album with tiny alterations/extensions: \\"Guitar And Pen\\", \\"Love Is Coming Down\\", and \\"Who Are You\\".   Definitely a keeper, this album. The only regret I have is that Ibought my own copy in late April 2002, and John Entwistle died two months later (similar to the gap between the record's release and Keith Moon's death). Let's hope this type of thing isn't a curse on the record every time it's received.
B004U52VPS|3.0|For a toy named 'Knock on Wood' I expected the pieces to be made out of wood - they are plastic, in a wood look.
B004EPZ08E|2.0|Me and My wife watched this movie a few nights ago with some great expectations. The theme of the movie is a great catch and has nothing but potential to be a great movie. It does not do well in my eyes however. Yes, there are some funny parts that had me laughing, but overall, there is more \\"corny\\" comedy, or that \\"trying to hard\\" comedy than just natural flowing comedy. The first 15-20 minutes of the movie is best, introducing the bosses, after that, it's just a wild goose chase of non sense. Director should have taken a more character approach to each persons scenario, then got into the plot to get rid of the bosses.  Overall I was fairly disappointed, because this movie can be so funny if they had used some better actors, and more natural situations. This movie reminds me of something like \\"Epic Movie\\" or so. A bunch of non funny actors, trying really hard to be funny...with horrible timing. The whole movie dwells on one boss, that's it. Only the ending brings the other 2 bosses in.....Anyhow, just talking about the movie gets me frustrated, I rated 3 and changed to 2. This movie is just bad. Why do these directors do this......!!! Could have been a GREAT MOVIE!!
B004H22RTY|3.0|Ok, I liked the movie, I give it a four for a higher budget horror movie.  But the steelbook which costs 49.00 for a new one is just a bad idea. In fact making blu rays more than ten bucks on older titles is a poor idea and new titles should never be more than 15.00-20.00. Some poor smuck paid 50.00 for this and could have bought the same item in a normal blu ray case for far less. Probably thinking , wow it's going to be collectable!  NOPE.  It isn't at all. Forget steel books and just get a regular cased blu ray. In fact the higher pricing ploys only hurt sales in the long run for all of the blu ray  medium.  That's why regular dvds can now be had for quite cheap, and some were collectors items too. We don't need steelbooks or digital copies or a dvd copy in blu ray packages either.  instead we should have lower prices to sell the format before it's too late and bad ideas like steelbook turn people off from collecting blu rays.  As for the movie it's typical of the series, lots of zombies attack the few survivors left and even some mutants are on the loose too. Will anyone escape alive?  , well mila will and that's ok! The picture looks great and sure NOW you can get a cheap steelbox one used , but if  you can get a regular blu ray cased version it's all the same too.  The extras are on here as well too.
B003UD7JEO|5.0|Our family started to watch the first season and we were all pleasantly surprised. We all know the women are very gorgeous, but the acting is outstanding and writing of this series.  We all watched the 2nd season premiere and it was excellent.  Maggie Q is a really great actress and on a personal level she is said to be very nice and pleasant and giving to charity and those less fortunate.  We hope this series continues for a long time.
B00004T9VY|5.0|I've always loved the songs by Cat Stevens, I've listened to them for years on 45RPM records. I recommend this CD to everyone.  Thank you  Sparkles
B004Y1USJE|5.0|First, I am a Panther: I loved Drama.  For me, this is the long-awaited follow-up to Drama: It has the same vibe of Drama.    I have a buddy who loves Yes, but he didn't like this album:  But he didn't like Drama.  If you liked Drama, I think you'll like this album.  If you didn't like Drama, well ...  Fly From Here: A good long Yes tune: how I miss the epics!  It has a classical structure with an Overture that hints at musical ideas coming: The structure is interesting, the keyboards, guitars, bass, drums and voice: all interesting.  I love this piece.  I keep listening to it over and over in my office.  This is the song Downes and Horn wrote for Yes and prompted them to be in Yes for the Drama album.  The Man You Always Wanted Me to Be:  Kinda poppy but a very catchy tune: Sounds like some of the better Asia work.  Nicely voiced by Chris Squire.  Life On A Film Set: A song that should have been on \\"Buggles: Adventures in Modern Recording\\":  originally called \\"Riding a Tide\\" (Tiger?)  Hour of Need:  Sounds like something off of Fragile  Solataire: Steve How solo piece  Into the Storm:  Almost sounds like something from Tormato  If, like me, you can't get enough of this album: Go check out \\"The Buggles: Adventures in Modern Recording 2.0\\":  It has Buggles versions of \\"Fly From Here\\" and \\"Life on a Film Set\\" and some real interesting Buggles outtakes (Blue Nylon and Fade Away are great)
B005D0RDTS|4.0|am overall very pleased with this, love this miles era.<br /><br />the recording is surprisingly good. only caveat: it's all mono...which in itself does not bother me, but it makes for a better speaker experience than a headphone experience (and i LOVE listening to music on my overpriced-but-amazing earbuds.)<br /><br />the musicians are in top form, and the performances are dynamic, and more adventurous than we've heard in the songs in other recordings.<br /><br />a great gift to miles davis fans!
0312370849|5.0|I could not put this novel down for a moment. An extremely unique voice for a long told story is fresh, vibrant, and uniquely empathetic.
B000RH0C8G|5.0|the story of the oakland a's back then is just inspiring. i would reccomend this book to anyone who likes sports.
B000FCKGPC|2.0|Unbelievably disappointing.    *****SPOILER ALERT*****: Nothing happens.  And then nothing else happens, and then some more nothing, and WAIT HERE'S A TWIST: it's nothing.  I can't even give you a spoiler alert, because there's nothing to spoil.  NOTHING HAPPENS.  Character go on quests...that they never complete, get close to completing, and are in no way ever even close to the right path.  Characters train and prepare for trials that never happen.  Plots are hatched and then forgotten.  Nothing happens.  The first three books were really phenomenal and engaging and I can't recommend them highly enough.  But skip this one.  Here, I'll spoil the plotlines for each of the characters followed in this book:  Brienne: Nothing happens.  She goes on a quest to find and protect Sansa (or maybe Arya, too) and is never within 1000 miles of them.  And since you as the reader know exactly where Sansa and Arya are, you know she's spending 3 chapters traveling to the wrong place.  Jaime: Nothing happens.  He's mulling over his tarnished honor and lost hand, but also trying to train to use his left hand to sword fight, so you're kind of thinking maybe at the end he's going to be in some morally ambiguous situation where he tries to regain some of his lost honor by standing up for some injustice, even though he knows he'll likely lose left-handed...but no.  He's training and preparing for a conflict that never occurs.  Nothing happens.  Arya: Nothing happens. Hey check out this temple where they train badass assassins.  I guess I'll do that or maybe I won't but I'll hang out for awhile and maybe get a little better at being kinda zen, but maybe not.  Sansa: Nothing happens. Hey I'm all hanging out at the Eyrie and no conflicts occur except for one slight annoyance quickly handled by somebody else.  Oops, it's snowing, guess we'll go down the mountain for a bit.  Sam: Nothing happens. I'M ON A BOAT.  That never gets attacked.  And nothing really happens except for a love interest against my vows exactly like what Jon did in the last book.  But then it's all okay and nothing happens.  Asha: Nothing happens. Hey I'm kind of a cool sexy pirate chick although you never actually get to see me fighting anything and I'm tough and I want to lead the Ironmen but they say I can't because I'm girl and oh look they're right they want some other dude as king and he says they're gonna take over the world but then they don't do anything except raid a couple of islands.  Arianne: I've got a plot to start a war but it doesn't work and then nothing happens.  Cersei: Okay, this is the ONLY character where anything is different at the end of the book than at the start, so I won't spoil this one...but really only read the last 3-4 Cersei chapters and you'll get the whole picture.  Even then it's not that surprising, and you don't get to see the ultimate conclusion anyway.  On top of the fact that nothing happens...none of the stories have ANYTHING to do with each other.  Except for Jaime and Cersei (and even then it's only in the first few chapters), none of the characters ever meet any of the other characters, or impact each other in any way.  It'd be like watching Star Trek, except for the entire series Picard is on one starship and Riker's on another and every other character is on their own ship with different crews in different parts of the galaxy and none of them know each other or ever meet or interact in any way and they don't do anything anyway.  Why are they in the same story?  They have nothing to do with each other!  And it's not like the potential isn't there! You'd think Brienne might actually meet up with Sansa and have a confrontation with Jaime or Cersei...but nope.  Or that the Ironmen and their conflict are fleshed out because they're going to capture Sam's ship and then all go off to find Dany together but...nope.  Or that Jaime is going to investigate Arianne's plot with his daughter...but nope.    And the worst...you get to the end and discover that the next book in the series runs concurrently with this one.  And since nothing happened in this book...no big new wars broke out, no undead monsters descended upon the southern realms...that means nothing is going to happen in the next book, either.  It's going to be another giant snooze fest where absolutely nothing happens.  tl;dr: nothing happens.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|I like this keyboard the best since it does a super job of predicting what you meant even if your typing sucks.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|Great app. Very easy to play with and very entertaining. Would recommend for those who love startegy and puzzle games.
B0042RJWTC|5.0|This complete set is riveting. I really hate they took the series off TV. I watched a few of the reruns and decided to see if I could buy the DVD. Then I went to amazon.com and they had the complete set.I highly recommend it.
B005KAH7QU|5.0|The characters maintain their roles, the storyline is tight, the action is constant, watch it!  You cannot go wrong on this one.
031603441X|4.0|It was a very interesting read.  It's amazing a person could do all that he did and still be alive. This is the background of one of the most legendary  bands of the last 40+ years.
B005KAH7QU|2.0|The film had a great concept but in many places the execution was poor. Often became aware of cast acting and the scenes looked very manufactured. What a shame considering the cast available. The pace was so often stalled with arty sections that the whole pace was painfully disjointed.
B005KGPC4S|4.0|This is the first film that I know of that director Kevin Smith has directed that isnt just fun and games. It is definitely a hell of an action film and it has its occasional goofs but I thought it was outstanding. If nothing else the film is cult status assured. Definitely worth watching. Kevin make more films like this or maybe a good horror film.
1936719118|1.0|Derek's advice in this book can be summarized with the lyrics of a popular South Park song:<br /><br />\\"Do what you wanna do<br />as long as what you wanna do<br />is what everyone wants you to.\\"<br /><br />In other words, he thinks you should do what you love. He also thinks you should only do what is successful and abandon stuff that isn't making you money.<br /><br />What isn't blatantly contradictory advice is simply rambling nonsense (I'm making a leap of faith by separating the two). Like how Derek recounts how incredibly customer-centric it was for him to ship a guy a squid. Why? Because the guy asked for one. Of course this generated some internet video that Derek thinks you should go watch.<br /><br />Like many books of this mold, it is ridiculously well loved by people who like the guy who wrote it. But that doesn't stop it from being a waste of time and money for anyone who bought this expecting to find any level of insight, no matter how shallow it might be.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|The DVD was perfect. This is one of my favorite movies of all time. I could watch it every day. The music from the sound track is amazing.I would recommend it for everyone. Ordering from Amazon.com is really simple to do.
B002YP4FOQ|5.0|good quality, and i love the music so its got an A+ from me but thats speaking more for the music than vinyl quality cause im a noob in the vinyl business.
B004HYGF18|5.0|I purchased this CD because I loved \\"Post Break Up Sex\\" and \\"If You Wanna\\" and if it is possible to wear out a CD,I will be getting another copy! If you like catchy,fast,fun tunes,this is one for you. It's the perfect road trip CD. Hopefully,lead singer Justin Young's throat problems are straightened out,because the guy can really sing and I am looking forward to hearing a lot more from this band in the future!
B003L77G2Y|4.0|I LOVE this show, it is bold, intelligent, entertaining.  They did so many interesting things this season and I looked forward to hearing more about it on the DVD but....honestly there was nothing extra.  I have the show, downloaded faithfully from itunes and always look forward to the DVD to get the inside dish but this season it was completely lacking.  Really not much added from the producers and nothing from the actors.  Don't bother to buy Season 3 if you already own it (legitmately, support artists legally) from elsewhere.  Do continue to support the show.  Keep the ratings up so it will be back for Season 5!
B000BNTM96|5.0|I saw QOTSA at Lollapalooza in 2005 in Atlanta. They were one of the main bands I went for. But was dealt a t.k.o. blow when frontman Joshua Homme's voice was give out so the bassist done ninety percent of the singing. But enough of my story cause this d.v.d. made up for it, even though its not with me in the crowd. The band tears up a good number of their best songs in perfect style. The c.d. included is songs from the concert which is cool too. If you are a fan this is a must have because I other live d.v.d.'s that has been recorded of their shows. If someone knows of another please let me know.
B001DDBCUA|5.0|great price and fast service. Came in great condition. This is a great movie and I bought the next one. This is where I buy movies and music.Can't beat the price .Will order from this seller again
159562015X|1.0|I order Strengths Finder 2.0 (Hardcover) by Rath, Tom. I order this book for my son, the book has a access code number. When my son entry the # it had already been used,this was suppose to be a new book. This book was order from Books N Media..Now what?
B004UID2LC|1.0|tried to download 4 different videos and it wouldn't. changed a couple of setting and tried again, and again. I got nothing. don't bother to download. good luck finding any YouTube downloaded that works.
B004UUKDNA|5.0|Last Fall when the satellite alt channels starting playing \\"Pumped Up Kicks\\",I was hooked. After buying the CD,I still am. It's full of fun,catchy songs that are great to listen to when you are driving,doing something around the house or just hanging out with friends. If listening to \\"Helena Beat\\" doesn't lift your mood,you are seriously clinically depressed!
1612680003|5.0|Kiyosaki does a pretty cool job of illustrating the events in his life that have determined his mindset about money today. What most people will realize after reading this book is that a large portion of society has the wrong mentality when it comes to money. Go to school, get a good job, buy a nice house, take on some debt and hope to hell they don't get fired and lose it all. The purpose of the book isn't to give you an exact road map to wealth. The teachings of rich dad wanted Kiyosaki to figure that out for himself. That being said the book will surely help you understand how rich people think about money as opposed to how poor people think (or better described as us average people) think about money. I normally don't read many books like this but it really struck a cord. It's 2011 and the economy is crap for a lot of people right now. If you read this book it may not be so bad in the future for you.
B000SP1SEO|5.0|If you have not seen this film you definitely have to watch it. I think it was Guy Ritchie's second film after Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. The cast is superb especially Brad Pitt, lets just say its the most unique and hilarious roles Pitt has ever played. The movie is a great gangster/comedy film and I think it's Ritchie's best film to date. A must watch.
B00005JNJV|5.0|The Movie is excellent.  I would recommend this film to my best friends to view.  Christian Bale's portrayal of The Batman was the best.  Michael Caine's portrayal of Alfred was very good.
B00127RAJY|5.0|First of all let me just start by saying this dvd is amazing. I am and forever going to be a Jillian Michaels fan. She kicks butt. I read so many others review and just wanted them to get straight to the point. I have never exercised on a regular basis before I just got sick of seeing myself in pictures looking swollen, and everybody telling me how big i was getting. So i told myself i need to change up my diet and start exercising. I started looking around and I found this and let me just say I give GOD the glory because if it wasnt for him guiding my footsteps they wouldnt of landed on this. I am 5'3 and my starting weight was 184 i am now 176. My starting waistline was 38 and it is now 35. My skin is less flabby and i have alot more definition so it wasnt the 20 pounds but to me its still something and because i had to do this everyday I have no problem exercising regularly now. Stick with it she delivers. As far as my diet I stuck to 1400 calorie diet, i ate the same foods but i cut down on portions and i finally stop drinking all that soda and juice. WATER everyday all day and sometimes ill treat myself to one cup of juice or soda. It's worth it. My main problem right now is my midsection i have to get rid of this muffin top so i just started her 6 week six pack and i know in my heart and my mind ill definitely get my waistline down to at least a 32 by the end. GOOD LUCK!! Just post a comment if you have any questions for me.
B00065GX64|4.0|I recently bought a used DVD of 'M'- The Criterion Collection. I had not seen 'M' since I was a film student, long ago! This two-disk set has many insights into the times of the early 30s when it was made. It enhanced the careers of both  Fritz Lang & Peter Lorre as well as focusing on a sensitive social problem - Pedophilia! As one of the very-early sound films, Lang was way ahead of his time in his handling of the many problems of sound work of the day. His Mastery of the medium led the viewer to see the Lorre character as the horrid creature that he was,  with overlapping sound and visual enhancements, like close-ups and shadows and silhouettes, which we take for granted today! A well- developed script and unique story line helps to make this film a real classic.  The extras on the 2nd disk really help, too.<br />  I reasoned that anyone buying this would have a certain reverence and not mistreat the disks, so don't be afraid to try the used product!  I'm very happy to include this in My Collection!
B0006IUDXA|5.0|My wife and I enjoyed Burn Notice so we were looking for something similar and then I recalled watching MacGyver on TV; we both hate TV because of all the infernal ads. We like watching the inventive DIY machinations, especially when in a tight spot, like using a mirror from a compact and a coat hanger to foil a video camera.  For people who like this sort of thing I recommend MacGyver.
B0007MWZEK|5.0|I had one when they first came out and thought it was great.  My only problem was cleaning up the hair it picked up, but I handled that.  When it finally wore out (from overuse, I think), I bought the second-generation red version with the collapsing handle.  I did not like they way it felt, as the handle never felt secure, and the battery didn't last very long.  I then found this original version on Amazon, and I am, again, very satisfied with the one I purchased.
B005J2UM9S|4.0|Actually when I first started watching this film I thought it was going to be terrible. But after about half the way through there are plenty of scares and wicked beasts that a ghost hunting crew run into while investigating an old asylum. I cannot wait to see what the directors will put out next. Definitely worth a watch and it's a whole hell of a lot better than that paranormal activity crap.
B005N0PJJO|5.0|and kept checking to see if it was available.  I had only finished Fifty Shades the day before and don't know how I would have coped if I'd had to wait any longer than I did.<br />I just loved Fifty Shades and devoured every page.  I was incommunicado until it was finished.....unable to hold a conversation until the words \\"the end\\" appeared.<br />I was so hoping the sequel didn't disappoint and was relieved that it was just as good as, if not slightly better than the first book.<br />Christian and Ana have the most amazing chemistry that just burns up the pages.<br />I am secretly in love with Grey - that guy is one hot character with a great sense of humour.<br />The email exchange makes a return which I was so happy about as this is something I really loved in the the first book.<br />I liked reading about Grey's past - I want to know what makes this guy tick.<br />Ana is wonderful.<br />Don't honestly know how I am going to cope waiting for book three - one day was bad enough! let alone months.<br />This series is one of my favourites.<br />Thanks again to E L James for creating such wonderful characters and sharing them with us.
0307279189|5.0|Highly recommend, especially if you are a runner!!  A real page turner.  Very motivational and inspiring.  Hope you enjoy it!
B005D9MUWY|4.0|love this keyboard. just needs to add more languages. The would love to see a korean keyboard. also maybe an option for wider buttons. especially the space to the left of the a.
B00005JNBQ|1.0|Wow and I thought joe's apartment was bad! MTV has lower there standards from making this film. Never want to see any movies that has Jon Heder in it. Shame on everyone who wasted money on this!
B0000266T2|4.0|Sometimes people forget......that's what pete townsend said in\\"eminence front\\" but sometimes people do....These two guys had not played together in concert when this concert took place in more than 20 years except for a couple of impromtu performances one which was at the grammys that year or maybe the year before that(I can't remember exactly,if you can remember you were'nt there.....LOL)well that's a cliche now but at the time it was very much the case...These guys did just about everything that had ever been played by them in their heyday.....plus a couple of gems that were'nt performed very often even then...probably the best live version of \\"Old Friends\\"\\"Bookends\\" that they have ever done and a great \\"Parley,Sage,Rosemary and Thyme\\" what can you say....Simon and Garfunkel together wrote the songs that make us what we are today...........The Toad.........Lives
B0057O6IDW|5.0|I just received my copy yesterday and watched the film last night, and the transfer is remarkable. The three Lucio Fulci blu-ray's I have is Zombie which is the best transfer ever of the film. I also have one of my favorites on blu-ray too which is City of the Living Dead and the transfer is good but not as good as the other Fulci blu-ray's, but it still looks nice. Now all I am waiting for is The Beyond, which is my personal favorite. I hope it comes out soon.
B0052U59F4|5.0|I can't thinking about this book after devouring every page....even to the point of hiding my Kindle at work so I could snatch sneaky reads. It was that good, I just had to finish it.<br />Loved the chacters of Christian and Ana.  Ana's inner monologue is brilliant as is the email exchange between them.  Really did love this bit of the book, especially Christian's sign off on some of them, they truly were hillarious.<br />Christian certainly has inner demons and I really can't wait for the next two books so we can explore these further.<br />This book is definitely hot and erotic.<br />The growth between Ana and Christian is absolutely wonderful and I thank this author for such a great read.
033045367X|5.0|Biography of a young man who journeyed into the Alaskan wilderness to find himself.  He dies in the discovery process.  Very sad but moving story.
0385534639|5.0|The circus arrives without warning - and, like the circus, this debut novel took me completely by surprise with it breathtaking descriptions, ingenious plot, and surprising characters.    The Night Circus is only open when the sky is black and the stars are brightly shining. The black and white theme permeates the tents, the costumes, the food - creating a backdrop for the brilliant performances by a whole cast of intriguing characters. But, the entire circus only serves as an intricate stage as Celia, the illusionist, and Marco, an unlikely challenger, are pitted against each other in a duel of magical skills that leave spectators breathless, yet unaware of the intricate game and it's implications.  Simply stated: The Night Circus was amazing. Morgenstern painted a picture with words so vivid that I could smell the caramel popcorn, see the lights for Le Cirque des Reves, and watch the magical acts that are beyond logical thought. I really enjoy stories that are slowly revealed; I actually revel in a bit of ambiguity and mystery as long as the answers are eventually supplied, and this was how The Night Story was told. The characters were complex and, while not always redeemable, I connected with them and wanted to learn about each of their lives.  Overall, this book greatly exceeded all of the hype and my personal expectations. By far, the best book I have read thus far this year.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Despite the alarming widespread dissent of the diehard fans, the Star Wars saga on Blu-Ray has shattered records to become the best-selling Blu-ray release ever. I pre-ordered mine (along with a Sony Blu-ray player) from BB and have now watched all of the feature films in the set, and I have to say that this set is simply amazing.  I found it pretty humorous reading all the \\"reviews\\" on Amazon and elsewhere whining and ranting about George Lucas's changes to the films (specifically the original trilogy) PRIOR to the the set's release. I watched the films very carefully  with my tablet in front of me opened to a page with a great in depth guide  to all the changes (google \\"dvd active star wars the changes\\"). Surprisingly there are actually very few MAJOR changes in terms of new or altered scenes--far less than the DVD Special Edition release--and most of them (imho) are positive. The only changes that pissed me off were Obi-Wan's \\"dragon call\\" on Tatooine and the entirely pointless and horribly choreographed new scene with Jabba confronting Han Solo in Mos Eisley (both in Episode IV, the latter actually added for the SE DVD's but \\"improved\\" for the Blu-Ray release). The lightsabers in the Original Trilogy don't always look right, but they're supposedly improved from prior releases.  The picture quality for all of the films is absolutely AMAZING. The first three films (prequel trilogy) especially look gorgeous. EVERY single time there was an environmental shot of Coruscant I would stare in awe at how beautiful and detailed it looked. The sound quality (I have a 5.1 setup) is equally superb across all 6 films. I've only looked at the bonus disk for the prequel films, but they're nearly equally as amazing as the films themselves and are brimming with extra content in HD. Unfortunately, the bonus disks lack the trailers seen in the DVD releases.  Overall, this is a MUST HAVE purchase if you own a Blu-Ray player (I bought one for my TV so I wouldn't have to use my laptop). Even at the original $129.99 msrp it's a buy, but at the $79.99 most retailers are selling it for it's an absolute steal. Let the fanboys whine, since they're missing out on an awesome product. May the force be with you.
0738727326|5.0|Purchased this deck a few weeks ago, and have spent the first few weeks simply getting to know the new cards. Today I did my first reading with them, and it was wonderful! The deck itself is beautiful, the artistry of it is magical. It seems at first to be a very foo-fooish deck; a little too happy. But once you get to know the cards a little better, you will see it has its dark moments, and not all the readings that it gives you will bring you happiness.   Truly inspiring artwork, and I would recommend it to anyone.
B00009Y3L4|2.0|If there ever was a film most undeserving of its' iconic status, \\"Cabaret\\" is it. It is overrated, dull, tedious with zero chemistry between stars Liza Minnelli and Michael York. The \\"plot\\" itself is very weak and uninteresting. Take my advice--skip this and watch Liza's 1991 misfire \\"Steppin' Out\\" instead. It's ten times more fun and entertaining than this mess.
B0058VA2U4|5.0|I have to say right off the bat, I did not like much from Anthrax from about the mid-90s onward. But this album is a throwback to a better time, a time when quality metal ruled the music world. Even the 2nd rate bands back then beat most of the new bands of today. Worship Music will INSTANTLY grab you, song by song. I don't know if I can say it's their best ever (it just may be), but I CAN say it's their best in a very, very long time. Joey belongs with Anthrax, even though there might be better singers out there. I think one of the best things about Anthrax is that there is a groove to their songs. Not a bad track on here. Enjoy!
B004WCTLNY|5.0|This movie starts out boring, for first 20 mins.  Then it turns into a major trip.  The original matrix.  Drama, ideas, concepts, true sciences fiction... not action.  This movie really makes you think.  Whether you're religious, philosophical, or clinically diagnosed insane, you will enjoy this movie. A Scanner Darkly was a hilarious and excellent book.  The movie could have never delivered the concepts in the book well or, in most cases, at all.  If you can get past that... and Total Recall, you will understand this movie on a very deep level.  And appreciate it for the notions of distorted and contrived unreality, and the acting and portrayal of a great work of science fiction, not to be confused with modern sci-fi fan fiction.  Which is about all you can find after the early ninties.  To reiterate, not an action flik; a physchological drama with high production values.  I may not be the first to say it, but 'radical and awe inspiting achievment'!  Even if you are one of those people who has low regard for Matt Damon's acting abitlity, you should see this!
B0045HCIYA|5.0|A Few Good Men it's not, but if you want to simply sit back and enjoy a light and delicious comedy with great performances by Moore, Reynolds, Rhames & Assante, this is likely the flick for you.  It's packed with pathos & Moore's hard-body is \\"to die for.\\"  I loved it so much I bought it!
B003EYVXXW|5.0|I had heard of this movie from friends and went to every Wal-mart and BestBuy around and could not find this title.  Why do I ever look any further than Amazon?!  Movie Mars has now satisfied my searches for hard to find or out of circulation movies over a dozen times in the past.  If I ever look for a movie again-and I know I'm gonna (probably this sometime week)-I'll just save myself the trouble and legwork and check out MovieMars first!    As for the movie, I loved it. It's nice to see a well-made movie with lesser-known actors playing the starring roles, as the whole movie theme doesn't scream \\"Look at me, I'm Russell Crow/Brad Pitt/Tom Cruise!\\" The acting was very believable and the screenplay well-written.  The effects were convincing enough without all the CGI that usually cloys the production of such films.  I've watched it twice now and I like alot.
B003QS9VYE|5.0|That Dumbo was and remains a masterpiece in the 21st Century is a bit of an oddity. After the exhausting, high pressure work put into Fantasia and its predecessor Pinnocio, the Disney studio was faced with two problems- global war and faltering  morale. With this in mind, Dumbo proved to be a veritable vacation for Disney's animators. In a word, it was \\"fun\\". For the first time in years, the feature animators were able to go back to the sensibilities of \\"cartooning\\".  The film abounds with sight gags that defy the laws of gravity and physics. It is sentimental and wacky at the same time. Keeping costs and complexity down, Dumbo did not rely on breathtaking \\"special effects\\", but finds its strength in solid character animation and a truly lovable story.   This is not your typical gooey sweetness. Dumbo's friend Timothy the mouse, is a street smart tough guy with a heart of gold--complete with a Bronx accent.  An innocent drunk scene (the water trough is accidentally spiked with booze) told through vivid neon hallucinations and such creative wackiness (as opposed to silliness) that the puns and imagery still play well today.   Then there are the \\"crows\\". Even in a world of political correctness, there is nothing embarassing or hurtful here (OK, so the mouse refers to the crows as \\"you boys\\" Your kids won't notice through the playfulness and you'd do best not to point it out). Remember, this is a film of caricatures as opposed to realism. It simply works.  So here we have a low budget piece of fluffery that truly deserves the status of \\"a classic\\". It is fun, sweet and sassy all at once. There is nothing riveting or frightening- no demonic villains or death scenes- just an hour+ of animated joy.   And now the real kicker-- through tasteful digital remastering, the films colors and rich nuances literally leap from your video screen. This digital release looks and sounds so good that Uncle Walt himself would be dumbstruck!  If you have kids, love animation, or just wantan evening of sheer delight, you owe it to yourself to spend an evening with this adorable film. Two thumbs way up.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|this is a great app. It is a quick and easy view of the weather without having to launch the app.
0767821629|3.0|That said, I saw this in theaters when it first came out.  Maybe a different decade, maybe a hot woman, maybe never seeing the lead actor in end up in scary movie 4.  Something really hit home with me.  Now, I see what terrible acting was involved in this movie.  If you like movies for the concepts they deliver, you will like this one for going deeper into the sci-fi end of the matrix concept.  Drama galore, film noir.  Probably already seen it yourself or you wouldn't be looking at it on Amazon.  Reminder, Vincent Denofrio is the only good actor in this movie... no brainer, right.  And you should know not to purchase the 1.33 aspect ratio version like I did.
0393338827|5.0|This very readable book chronicles the extraordinary odyssey of an extraordinary group of people: the handful who foresaw the mortgage meltdown of 2007 AND bet money that it would fail. When in 2005-6 they bet against securitized mortgages, everyone in finance was convinced that real estate investments were as safe as US Treasuries.  The most successful of this handful of people was Michael Burry. He started reading actual mortgage-backed security prospectuses in 2003. He was the only one to do so.   By 2005 he was convinced that the Wall Street bond market `had lost its mind'. It was buying $100s of millions of extremely bad loans. They were made to unqualified buyers who \\"were one broken refrigerator away from default\\".   Finding no way to bet against Sub-prime mortgages, Burry persuaded the banks to develop credit default swaps that let him do just that. The banks and mortgage finance companies thought he was crazy but welcomed this new business. He bought millions of credit default swaps. Having paid pennies on the dollar, his bet paid off handsomely. When the housing market collapsed in 2007-2008, he collected $725 million. Only three other individuals followed him into this trade.   What is so incredible is that the banks believed their own pitch on these mortgage-backed securities. They believed that their securities were as rock solid as the ratings suggested. None ever bothered to examine the underlying mortgages. Not only that, due to the complexity of these instruments, Banks actually guided the rating agencies in the `proper' assessment of the risk. They believed that a variety of bundling strategies, made the resulting 'tranches' less risky than some of their component parts.  For example, they asserted that by bundling FL with CA mortgages, geographical diversification would minimize the total risk.  But when these instruments collapsed, the sources of failure had nothing to do with geography. The same reason was at work around the country: mortgages became unaffordable when the rates reset from `teaser rates' (some as low as 0%), to much higher ones. And the Bozos at the rating agencies were not bright enough to see the truth. Their faulty assumptions let them generate ratings almost on a par with US Treasuries. (And the world's banks and sovereign debt funds bought them!!)  The author suggests that the banks and others had a huge incentive to jump into this business. The fees they collected were huge, and offloading the risk via securitization made selling the bonds and credit default swaps seem like easy money. As a result, they may have chosen to ignore early warnings. By the time they saw the inevitable default rates start to rise, it was too late to buy any default swaps at reasonable rates. They could not switch sides in this bet.  This is another classic example of an \\"Extraordinary Popular Delusion and The Madness of Crowds\\"(Chas Mackay, 1841). It appears such crazes have infected the popular mind periodically over time.  Bernard Baruch, in his Oct '32 foreword assures us that these market declines have always ended. He characterizes what typically happens as unreasoning greed, followed by unreasoning fear. That seems reasonable to me.  Now that we're in the grip of fear, the congress has created a new 'Consumer Financial Protection Bureau'. That this will stop unreasonable greed in future, is not credible. Since the bankers themselves were clueless as to the actual risks, the pols are delusional in thinking that another bureaucracy will be smart enough to head off the next madness.
B005974CNA|5.0|I will echo the comments of others... upon reflection, I'd say that this is certainly DT's best album since Scenes from a Memory, and maybe their best album ever.  Falling Into Infinity (and every album after Scenes from a Memory) all have their moments, but they are also marred by frequent occurences of cheesy, cringe-inducing songwriting/lyrics/production choices.  ie: stuff so bad that you are unwilling to introduce this band to your friends, in spite of the great music they are sometimes capable of).  Black Clouds was downright terrible (Nightmare would have been fine without Portnoy's vocals).  The only worthwhile part of the album was the bonus disc of covers.  This album is a welcome return to (good) vintage DT.  Bridges in the Sky and Breaking All Illusions are the standouts, but there's not a single bad track on the album and it's been a long time since DT managed that.  Sure, Build Me Up Break Me Down sounds like Linkin Park, but it would be more accurate to say it sounds like what Linkin Park would sound like if Linkin Park were much better players, and that's not a bad thing.  Petrucci is the MVP as usual, but Rudess adds a lot of texture and you can hear Myung for a change.  LaBrie stays within his range and sounds better than he has in years.  What changed?  Portnoy is gone.  Listen to Portnoy's terrible new band Adrenaline Mob, and the rest of the band's comments about how \\"controlling\\" Portnoy was, and you'll start to suspect that Portnoy has been responsible for a lot of the low DT moments of the last 10 years.  Portnoy was a superb rock showman, if you ignore the spitting on stage, but Mike Mangini is a more than capable replacement:  he can play most of Portnoy's stuff with one hand, and he's capable of much more subtlety.  He's a little low in the mix, but Portnoy (unsurprisingly) used to put himself quite high in the mix and I guess the band was looking for a less drum-dominated sound.  As mentioned, the overall sound is very balanced.  Manginihad nothing to do with writing the album, so I look forward to hearing what he's capable of in that department.  Even without contributing a note of writing, he seems to be contributing a much more positive energy.  A few more albums like this, please!
B003ZSJ212|5.0|STAR WARS has never looked better in your living room.  The quality of these Blu-ray DVDs is outstanding, and you'll find yourself seeing things that have always been there but you've simply never been able to see before.  Color looks consistent and natural, and the image is full of sharp, clear detail.  Sound is also excellent with dialog punching through the mix where it's easy to hear.  The special features are very good though the menus can be a little cumbersome to navigate.  While I like the idea of dividing up the features by planet, it makes it hard to remember where you might have seen something in particular.  If you're a STAR WARS fan or film buff then this is pretty much the must-buy boxset of the year.  If you're a so-called \\"fan\\" who is bitter and cynical and hasn't been happy with anything Lucas has done since THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK, seriously, who cares what you think?  You know you're going to buy it anyway just so you have something to complain about.  Hey, everybody wins.
B0001DI0FI|4.0|I will grant that the video quality on blu-ray could be better, and should be better. However, what continues to bother me about this and other book-to-film translations is how O'Brian fans are nerd raging about how Weir doesn't capture this or that, or how characters are poorly cast. Here's what anyone viewing the movie should know:  1. Face it, folks: books cannot be completely captured in their complexity or splendor in a 2 hour film, and that's about all the time you get to hook the audience, and then proceed to tell a story from its very start to completion. Wrap your mind around that, and you will not make the mistake of judging a movie by its book ever again!  2. Books are a different medium. They rely on imagination entirely. You can't reasonably expect for any visualization of one person's interpretation to match up or even come close to your fantasy of how the book should look in visual form. That's just a fair assessment, folks. Lighten up. That goes for who should've been cast in your opinion, as well as what the scenery should've looked like.  3. Finally, the movie as a stand alone work is excellent. Forget what the books are about, or who the characters are in the books. I haven't read them, and have been inspired to pick up the collection because of this. It's a joy to take in, and it will make you want more, which I think is a mark of success for a book-to-film translation. It is not a bunch of action sequences with gore or explosions like you would get out of a summer blockbuster like Pirates of the Caribbean. It's thoughtfully and tastefully done, and thoroughly enjoyable for those reasons.  Bottom line is this is one to own. I'm not sure if the blu-ray special edition is worth the extra money, but you should own this movie. That alone is enough to know.
B003FSTN5C|5.0|You shouldn't watch this show and compare it to NCIS.  It's a whole set of different people and their work is different to NCIS.  It has action, humour and mystery (The characters backgrounds are reveiled bit by bit).  Highly recommended!!
B00479SVBU|2.0|I was going to buy one these, but the way the picture looks it looked like something that you can fit in your pocket, but when I watched the demo video on you tube, I was very disappointed, that I made a bad plan.  I just wanted a FM transmitter to play from my computer and has a full format player built in.  Also this has RDS, which could been useful for broadcasting like<br />creating a ID while doing live sessions.  Most people who listen to music don't always have a vehicle, they walk or take buses.  They need a portable version that runs on AAA batteries<br />and has a connector for the cigerette lighter or another way that it clips on and off the car lighter holder plug.  And as for mp3s, mp3's are getting to be poor quality so I would perfer<br />FLAC format over mp3.
B001EC3JME|5.0|I am really pleased with this item. The construction is very sterdy, the flashlight fits very snug, and the ratchet feature is definitly a plus.
B005G4TJI4|5.0|It's Transformers people! Did you really expect \\"Gone With The frikin Wind\\"? If you did what the frak is wrong with you?<br /><br />Anyway, I can't wait to get my hands on the 3D version. I know it's comming and im not going to go repeat the mess \\"Avatar\\" put me through! I have a 60in 3DTV and im close to getting a 3D projector so i'll wait. NO double (or triple) dipping on me!
B00005NTJM|5.0|This CD was actually purchased for a friend. I bought it on his behalf because I alresdy own a copy, and I thought it would be a great addition to his collection since this person is younger and was unfamiliar with this CD.
0547258305|5.0|I seem to be turning to YA a lot for the sort of book you can sink into for an adventure and this was superb. I loved this book. It's actually hard to write a review because it's the sort of book you recommend to all your friends and yet don't quite want to talk about because you've enjoyed the world so much. And I want a meatball grace.
B004BLJQOK|5.0|When I first read the reviews \\"Chillingly real\\" I didn't really understand what they meant until I watched the movie. It was exactly as the critics said \\"Chillingly real.\\" This movie had me asking where Director Matt Reeves was taking me. I have really come to appreciate Matt Reeves' ability to capture human behavior and add a twist that makes it seem like the supernatural could truly exist. The movie played on my emotions where I develop a sense of protectiveness towards Abby and Owen. I know that what she is and what she does is wrong but I accepted her choices and actions for my want for her to survive.<br /><br />Kodi Smit-McPhee (Owen) and Chloe Grace Moretz (Abby) do an amazing and impressive job acting. Really good movie.<br /><br />I did not purchase this movie it was available on Netflix Watch Instantly. I have watched it again because I have enjoyed the actors abilities to get me to fall in love with them. Should the movie no longer be available to watch instantly I will most definitely buy the movie!
0307716988|5.0|I received the book in perfect condition, I can assure you that this is one of the finest autobiographies I've read. All the genius and magic of Michael Jackson said in this file picture book ever! I recommend it!
B003CYKCHW|5.0|I just got the cyborg rat 3 gaming mouse its a great mouse even the the drivers wont install correctly but that's just because of my computer.Even though it says no adjustable parts u unscrew the pinkie rest and then unscrew the one screw behind it and when  you find the right length screw the screws back in place.
B005KWL2IW|5.0|Not only is Joey Belladonna back, but ANTHRAX is back!  This is the best Anthrax offer since Sound of White Noise and the best since Among The Living!  Anthrax as you know and love it is back.  It doesn't matter if your a fan of Belladonna or Bush, this is KILLER Anthrax!
B000O8OTNC|1.0|don't buy this sharpener very crapy sharpening, honestly i could sharpen on a ceramic stone better. if i were you i'd save my money for a better sharpener.
B0055EDCGU|5.0|The item was as described. quality product. I would do business with again. No scratches or any markings on the cd. Came complete with the booklet
B000065AU3|3.0|this album is o.k. but it definetly does not have the heart or the grit to stand up to the restless and wild c.d. something was missing on this one.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|I have had this GPS for three months.  This is my third wrist-mounted GPS.  I previously owned the Forerunner 301 for about 4 years, then the 305 for about 1-1/2 years.  The 405CX is by far the fastest at finding the satellites and keeping signal inside heavy forest and under heavy clouds and even heavy rain.  It is also the smallest and lightest.  It took me a little time to get used to the bezel operations (I'm still working at it), but this feature works well.  I do miss the little map showing the whole route as on the 301 or the 305.    The battery has lasted over three hours on runs and has allowed me to use it for several runs during a week without charging.  It is important to turn off the GPS or the battery will run down overnight.  The Ant connection is superb.  When the 405CX is in the same room as the computer, it automatically connects to Garmin Connect.  When I tell it, it also updates the Garmin Training Center easily.  Overall, a great item for runners.  Much smaller than any previous version I have seen.  (also, I have yet to download the full operators' manual or read it.  Everything is mostly intuitive)
1594744769|5.0|I spotted the cover of this book across two aisles at Walmart - I skipped the short checkout line to go see what this book could be about. Just a quick peek at the dust cover got the book into my shopping cart. My ten year old daughter and I read out loud to each other every night and this has been her book to read for a couple weeks now. We have both truly enjoyed every minute spent reading this book. Granted there are some not-for-ten-year-olds words in this book but we have dealt with them by her just skipping over them like we do in any other book that she reads aloud - they are not horrible words - but there are a few pg13 rated ones to be aware of. The story more than makes up for any small hiccup like a few off color words. It is original, imaginative, captivating and magical. It is one of those stories that makes you want to keep reading well past bedtime and into the wee hours just to see what is going to happen next. We finished the book last night and I have just spent a bit of time tracking down the wonderful news that there will be a sequel - unfortunately not until 2013 BUT one is coming.  Wonderful book definitely worth owning as you will want to read it more than once.
0061537969|5.0|This is a beautiful book.  Especially being a dog lover...  it was so touching and well written.  It moved me - and I miss it already.  Written from the perspective of the dog.  So smart.
B002GYI9C4|5.0|Sanderson knows what he's doing. Truly a master craftsman of the epic saga, Sanderson was chosen by Robert Jordan's wife to finish The Wheel of Time series, and this seminal work is clearly evidence that Mrs. Jordan was a wise judge of his writing.  This is a grand scale epic, crime drama infused dystopian tale told by an author with skill for creating interesting characters on both sides of a conflict, compassionately depicting a two sided struggle.  Sanderson's treatment (through his characters) of religion is particularly interesting. He condemns none, and finds truth and meaning in many.  Pick this up. You won't be disappointed.
B00117S4GS|5.0|This is by far the best show on TV.  Season 7 just started.  I found the show only a few weeks ago and have bought and watched the first 6 seasons.  The Episode \\"The French Mistake\\" in season 6 is one of the funniest things I have ever seen.  To paraphrase a line from one of the earlier episodes, \\"Why not Jump the Shark if you never come down?\\".  Start at season 1.  This show will grow on you VERY quickly and you won't be disappointed.
0679746048|5.0|Entertaining, easy read, not profound or technical. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
B004SBS8LA|5.0|love the game just takes too long for next update...I get into it but then I have to stop playing when I complete cause new boards not updated....
030788743X|5.0|I ordered this before a trip, thinking I might read it on flights, etc... ended up reading it cover to cover.  Lots of fun.
B000059HB7|4.0|Got this in the mail quickly and the DVD worked fine.  Great movie, loved the songs, loved the 3 men together.  Could've done without Angie Dickinson's love interest character, but overall really good movie.
B0058VW36U|5.0|L liked this enough on my iPod that I bought it for my Thunderbolt. I would have been angry at the latest update weeping my progress, if I had not been able to restore from Titanium Backup. Now it seems the update is no longer offered... Hope they are able to better test releases in the future.
B003VS0CYC|2.0|The Blu-ray release of the \\"Robocop Trilogy\\" on Blu-ray is disappointing; while the films look marginally better with slightly improved sharpness, the older HD master is riddled with edge enhancement artifacts and suffers softness. The second and third films look a bit better than the original film but, again, it's a marginal improvement over all.<br /><br />Audio is decent sounding although dialogue can get lost with the first film and that could easily have been remedied during the transfer stage.<br /><br />There are no special features which is inexcusable given that there were special features that could have been licensed from Criterion's edition for the first film or even ported over from the DVD boxed set.<br /><br />Over all the presentation of all three films is careless and sloppy.<br /><br />I'd wait to see if this is reissued again unless you can get it for very little money.
B0034G4OXQ|5.0|I loved it.  It is a quiet, meditative and lovingly made film.  I won't reiterate what other reviews have said.  I have just re-watched this and find that I actually liked it better the second time around.  In a culture where so much of our popular entertainment is in your face, hits you over the head or is just plain imbecilic,  something like this is such a welcome relief.  My advice...go along for the ride and just savor it and appreciate what the characters are doing.  They are just looking for justification and answers...the same as any of us. They are not embittered, they are not hateful. I guess, if anything, they are hopeful.  Good for them.
B000E33VWW|5.0|Philip Seymour Hoffman gives an Oscar winning performance as Truman Capote, a wonderful writer from Alabama with the whiniest voice I have ever heard.  Enjoying the intellectual writing, nightlife in New York City, Truman hears about a murder of an entire family in Kansas.  He decides right away what his new writing topic will be and with support from his employer, The New Yorker, he goes down with his friend played by Catherine Keener, to get the story.  The film takes place over 5 years as Capote interacts first with the town people, the law enforcement people and finally the murderers themselves.  The most intense and troubling relationships are with the prisoners while they await trail and later execution.  Capote hires lawyers to help them but after they confess and then tell him how the murders take place he distances himself from them until the very end.  A good parallel movie to In Cold Blood and a good introduction to the book and the author.
B005BUZJ6O|5.0|As a long time musician myself, I can honestly say that these young cellists are some of the most talented I have ever seen. Their knowledge and love of popular culture shines through their classical training... and they have created a refreshingly breath-taking new sound with historic influence. I'm a big fan of classical pieces... to be able to pop this cd in my car just after listening to the likes of bach or brahms and have it flow seamlessly is a great feeling. I can't wait to hear much more from these  two artists in the future.
1401324517|5.0|Rafa maintains his privacy while revealing how much it takes to excel, both the physical toll and the mental toll.
B0033PQUXA|5.0|I'm overjoyed that this is apparently going to be the 155-minute theatrical version! The extended version tags on another 20 minutes of belaboring the already made point that you can't visit, go back to or recapture the past. I will NEVER watch the extended \\"New\\" version again. The theatrical version won an Oscar for a reason - it was already wonderful!
0553801473|4.0|I was immediately dissatisfied with the end of A Dance With Dragons. As the story ratcheted up the intensity, as events loomed ever larger on the horizon, I began to notice that there wasn't much of the book left. When it was over, it was all I could do not to scream. Six years of waiting for this? Some characters haven't been seen in ten years, and their return is like this? What is Martin doing? The Meereenese knot was this?<br /><br />There's more to it than that initial, visceral reaction, of course. A Song of Ice and Fire was originally envisioned as a trilogy, as most fans know, and the tail end of the saga has gotten longer and longer with time. Currently a proposed septology, which would fit well with the importance of the number seven in the world of Westeros and Essos, A Dance With Dragons signals the end of the story's transition from the blistering action of the first three books, moving the pieces into position for the home stretch. Martin mentions the fictional game \\"cyvasse\\" time and again in ADWD, and it's clear that this board game, which seems similar to chess (a hobby of Martin's, so much so that he's written at least one short story about the game), is an allegory for the story he's telling here. Hidden strategies and plotlines come to the front, and while he keeps many a mystery shrouded (with a few extra for good measure), he also continues to grow the struggle for power in Westeros. The scope of the point of view characters widens, including one old character which was fascinating to finally read the story through.<br /><br />The book is quite long, and for such a lengthy tome it seems like the plot doesn't always move very briskly, but the quality of the writing is generally on par with the series at large. Martin's very detailed description of the foods, architecture, and heraldry of the world of Westeros and Essos is never brief, but it also draws a complete picture of the story being told.<br /><br />My big issue with this book is what isn't included. It feels about 100 pages shy of a proper conclusion, because even in a story like this, told in large chunks, there should be some sense of the end of certain events with more to come. Both George and his editor have confirmed that some rather momentous events were removed from the end of the book, moved to the beginning of the Winds of Winter, and while it will certainly keep that next book moving smartly, it also leaves the end of A Dance With Dragons wanting. There's a rumbling volcano of a plot here, but the book is over right before it erupts.<br /><br />A large complaint within the fan community is that they had formulated their own ideas about what would happen here. While I found one character's journey to be frustrating at times to read through, with less progress than I'd hoped for by the final page, the story is Martin's to tell, not mine to forecast and then be disappointed by. It is the height of hubris to decide what one wanted to see, and then excoriate the author for not delivering on one's own personal predictions. If Martin has done one thing well with his series, it is defy the expectations of his readers, keeping them guessing and and occasionally stunned by events as they play out.<br /><br />I am probably the biggest fan of A Feast For Crows I know of; I loved its tour of a shattered, broken realm as seen through the eyes of the smallfolk. The story felt fairly contained and focused, even as it moseyed through Westeros. The story in A Dance With Dragons defines \\"sprawling\\", spanning the entire world Martin has created, at times going even further. It's a big beast of a book, and it doesn't really resolve much of anything, but like his many cyvasse-playing characters, Martin is just setting up the pieces for the end. This is the calm before the storm, the flash of lightning before the rumble of thunder. It lacks in payoff, but when considering the overall size of the story, it's a minor complaint.'t included. It feels about 100 pages shy of a proper conclusion, because even in a story like this, told in large chunks, there should be some sense of the end of certain events with more to come. Both George and his editor have confirmed that some rather momentous events were removed from the end of the book, moved to the beginning of the Winds of Winter, and while it will certainly keep that next book moving smartly, it also leaves the end of A Dance With Dragons wanting. There's a rumbling volcano of a plot here, but the book is over right before it erupts.<br /><br />A large complaint within the fan community is that they had formulated their own ideas about what would happen here. While I found one character's journey to be frustrating at times to read through, with less progress than I'd hoped for by the final page, the story is Martin's to tell, not mine to forecast and then be disappointed by. It is the height of hubris to decide what one wanted to see, and then excoriate the author for not delivering on one's own personal predictions. If Martin has done one thing well with his series, it is defy the expectations of his readers, keeping them guessing and and occasionally stunned by events as they play out.<br /><br />I am probably the biggest fan of A Feast For Crows I know of; I loved its tour of a shattered, broken realm as seen through the eyes of the smallfolk. The story felt fairly contained and focused, even as it moseyed through Westeros. The story in A Dance With Dragons defines \\"sprawling\\", spanning the entire world Martin has created, at times going even further. It's a big beast of a book, and it doesn't really resolve much of anything, but like his many cyvasse-playing characters, Martin is just setting up the pieces for the end. This is the calm before the storm, the flash of lightning before the rumble of thunder. It lacks in payoff, but when considering the overall size of the story, it's a minor complaint.
B005KAH7QU|4.0|Great acting, stunning visuals, excellent soundtrack. There are not enough superlatives for some aspects of this movie. It's kind of deficient in that it lacks a reason for being, as if the The Bourne Identity had been made without a Marie character for Jason Bourne to develop his human side for. But the amazing little girl (Saorise Ronan) runs so hard, so fast, so sympathetically through such an idiosyncratic landscape you never have to time to really feel that until the movie is suddenly over. Not a top 10 movie or anything but a very compelling action movie. If that is your cup of tea, watch this ASAP.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I bought this disc on the day it released. I watched episode 1 and 2; and part of episode 3 on the weekend. Today, when I tried to play the rest episode 3, a red screen poped up, telling me to update my blu ray player! My blu ray player is very updated! My question is: WHY ON EARTH, this disc can be played a week before, but can not be player later on?
B0055SWM08|5.0|It plays like the old pok&eacute;mon ice caverns, but you have a limited number of moves. Fairly challenging. Very fluid. Great music. Simple, effective graphics. I truly enjoyed it. Worth the dollar.
B005D66AZA|3.0|Season 5 2 episodes in so far. Astor makes the show very hard to watch. Maybe it's just me, but her reaction to everything that has happened, and blaming Dexter for everything seems far-fetched at best. I find it hard to believe any child would react quite so strongly towards Dexter in that situation.
B0051T47NQ|5.0|Trollhunter is about a group of student film-makers that are investigating poached bears. A few leads point them to a man named Hans. They think he is the poacher. They find out he is a hunter, but not of bears.<br /><br />A lot of comparisons are made of this film and Blair Witch Project. The biggest similarity is the hand held, found footage setting of the film. But unlike the motion sickness and claustrophobic style of Blair Witch. Trollhunter takes in the scenery. The characters are more professional in their filming style. If you watch this film you won't need motion sickness medicine.<br /><br />It is labeled horror film. After watching it, I felt as if I had watched a fantasy wildlife documentary. The reason is because Hans is not hunting the trolls because he is looking for glory. He is hunting the trolls because it is his job. A dirty, smelly, ungrateful job.<br /><br />As you follow the students and Hans on his nightly hunts, you find out about the trolls. The movie treats them as large mammels. Hans hunts them, but he also respects them too. In one scene, he retells a story that shows a dark chapter in his life, that had to do with the trolls. He agreed to let the students film him because he wants his job to end and the public to know the truth.<br /><br />Why doesn't the public know? Because the government is keeping trolls a secret. No reasons are given to why. You can assume public safety, or protecting an endangered species, but you never know the real reason. Han's boss, Finn, is a bureaucrat. Not evil, but willing to do anything to make sure the public never finds out about the trolls.<br /><br />Is it a horror film? There are some scary parts. A few horrible deaths, mainly goats. You can watch this film with the lights off, you will not have to worry about nightmares.<br /><br />There are a few funny bits. My favorite was the Polish \\"painting\\" service that is hired to help cover up the truth about the trolls. They are the only people that speak English in the film. The short scene they are in is one of the funniest. Especially, if you have ever been in a situation where you had to rely on incompetent people to help you with a job.<br /><br />I do recommend this movie. If you are a fan of fantasy, or large monsters, or just want to see some amazing shots of the scenery in Norway, buy this movie. It is well worth it.funniest. Especially, if you have ever been in a situation where you had to rely on incompetent people to help you with a job.  I do recommend this movie. If you are a fan of fantasy, or large monsters, or just want to see some amazing shots of the scenery in Norway, buy this movie. It is well worth it.
B00479SVBU|5.0|When I ordered this I was a little skeptical but when I plugged it in it worked great!  Much better than those pieces of junk you can buy at WalMart or Target.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|this game will provide hours of entertainment for people who like fun puzzles. all in all a fun game. I now need to meet the review word min.
B0052WSX32|5.0|Loved all the songs but Disney Girls, Happy Endings, and My Buddy, really touched me. I am from New England and Doris singing about old Cape Cod in Disney Girls made me feel back there again. The intro to Happy Endings was heart wreanching and Terry sounded wonderful.  I know about the Mother/Son bond of Love and friendship that Doris and Terry had.  My Mother is gone five years now and we had the same bond.  She is always with me as Terry is with Doris.  Life is eternal as Doris always says and her voice singing is a joy forever. What a glorious gift for us,
B001DUKHXQ|3.0|This album is great, the record sounds fine, but it comes in cheap wrapping.  There is no paper sleeve for it, and the album jacket is just a thin plastic: there is no true album jacket
B000FBJHZS|5.0|I am a Dan Brown fan!  I am not a huge reader, but I find that Dan Brown's novels just have a way of captivating me.  I have read all of his books except The Lost Symbol (which I intend to begin reading right away).  I love the way he drops you right into the story.  Whether your walking the streets of the Vatican or looking around inside a mysterious government agency building.  Anywhere he takes the story, there you are.  Deception Point is no different.  I thought the beginning was a little slow (as I do with all of his novels).  Once it picks up though, the book is very hard to put down.  Brown does a great job with character introductions and development, which is where I thought it got a little slow.  However as he starts jumping from character to character with each new chapter, you will appreciate the detail he provided.  I thought that this was a great book.  If this is your first DB novel, it's a great one to begin with.  The book stands on it's own.  If you've read him before, it's exactly what you have come to expect!<br /><br />  The book begins with the introduction of two of the six or so main characters, Senator Sexton and his daughter Rachel.  You learn that their relationship is somewhat rocky and that the Senator is running for the Oval Office.  Soon after learning what Ms. Sexton does for a living she is asked to meet with the President reguarding a very top secret situation.  This is where Dan Brown introduces one of many pieces of little known government technologies.  She is flown to the Arctic to assist in a huge NASA discovery.  I will not ruin the story in any way so I will end with a very general overview.  Ms. Sexton meets some very interesting civilian and government scientists.  She is asked to give her opinion on the NASA dscovery and the action explodes from there.  This is a great novel and if you enjoy action-adventure fiction mixed with real world places and technologies, you are going to love this novel.  One more amazing book by Dan Brown.  Enjoy!Enjoy!
B005JZ18IY|5.0|I have never heard such a perfect album. It truly is timeless. I stumbled on him accidentally and I've been totally floored. The funny thing is that this isn't my type of music either and I am in love with the entire album start to finish. It sounds like a greatest hits! The kid is a genius. Awesome!!!!
0738727326|4.0|I was really anticipating the arrival of this deck!  When they arrived, I didn't open the box for two days because I wanted to have time to really study them.  I am sad to say that although these cards are truly beautiful, they are also much too small.  I want to be able to really see these beautiful works of art and I can't.  I am surprised that the artist allowed her creations to be treated with such disrespect! It's really a shame.
B0002F6AZC|4.0|George Kennedy & more star in this 1987 horror anthology sequel.<br />\\"Old Chief Woodhead\\" features a dime store Native American<br />statue coming to life to despatch teens who murdered and<br />robbed the owners. \\"The Raft\\" features a group of teens<br />trapped by an oily substance craving their flesh. \\"The<br />Hitchhiker\\" features an unfaithful woman terrorized by<br />an undead hitcher. This isn't bad, but the original is<br />better. This dvd has nice picture and sound plus<br />some neat extras. I recommend this.
B0053Q9DHW|2.0|Having read the book multiple times and viewed several of the previous movie versions of this brilliant story, I must admit that there was much lacking in this presentation.  There was so little character development as to draw me in to truly empathise with our heroine.  Her earlier years at both Gateshead and even more so at Lowood were what shaped her character and ideals.  To have the relationship with Helen Burns so lightly touched upon was a shameful neglect of the story.  Many other pieces of the story fell flat as well, notable the relationship with St. John and his sisters.  Understandably she felt indebted to their kindness, but there was no build up of (family) connection that it made you wonder why she was generous in a financial way when she inherited Mr. Eyre's wealth.  Too many sketchy details and too much jumping back and forth in time leave this movie with much to be desired.
0345349571|1.0|this is an excellent writer - her \\"Guns of August\\" was my first read. This book was printed with a very<br /> small font , making uncomfortable  reading - I had to return it unread. Wish you  could have indicated the small print.
0385339100|3.0|The suspense throughout the book is great and, as in any Grisham, the lawyers do their thing. But near the end, it all falls apart and the hero is left without his $113 million and without his girl (who, presumably, took his dough).
B005HV6Y5W|5.0|This is it ladies and gentlemen, the moment that a handful of people have been waiting for, The Tree of Life. Really it's almost a miracle that this film didn't come off of the backbone of a 20 year hiatus just as The Thin Red Line did. Seeing as this film is larger in scope that all four of his previous films combined (Which, good Lord, I truly didn't think that was possible). In this film director Terrence Malick covers everything from the infinite to the infinitesimal with utter grace and passion. This is the epitome of a Terrence Malick film, from the opening frames through to the final ones, everything about this film proclaims a perfection of craft for Malick. This feels like the film he's been trying to make throughout his career. It is hard to really comprehend and recant just how graceful this film is. Even when nothing is particularly happening to move the plot forward, the viewer always feels Malick's omnipotent spirituality on every frame. Malick's films have always done a wonderful job of resonating with the audience in a very unique way, but it seems he won't settle for mere resonance anymore, he's aiming for transcendence, to create a true piece of art in every sense of the word. A film that not only poses questions, but for some, may provide answers.  Lovers of narrative beware, because there isn't much of it to be found here. For the most part, The Tree of Life grips the viewer on a more thematic and emotional level in a way that a conventional plot couldn't achieve. I hear a lot of critics referring to echoes of  '2001: A Space Odyssey' as an obvious influence, and I would have to agree. However what really differentiates the two is Malick's sense of the spiritual, the passion for and the nostalgia of human experience, and the aching need to understand it and not only accept but transcend it. From the films frequent references to the book of Job (which the two really share quite a bit in common, thematically speaking) to images of dinosaurs grazingon a shore, to cells multiplying, to the relationship and internal struggle between a father and his son, between man and God, there isn't a single forgettable moment in The Tree of Life.  Malick's use of the O'Brien family (in particular Jack's voyage into adulthood) works as a perfect archetype for all human behavior and understanding, it is doubtful that one will find they cannot relate to these people. The father with his wisdom, anger, principles and strict disciplinary actions, and the mother representing a more forgiving, affectionate and benevolent kind of parent. Jack's odyssey and his eventual understanding of his parent's flaws and his angst is a surprisingly broad representation of the human impulse to fight against the universe, to conquer it, to be completely secure and in control of one's own existence.  The film's epilogue (or coda or whatever you'd care to call it) is really the most perplexing and arguably ambitious sequence in the film. It is interesting to note that really, in any other filmmaker's hands the film would have ended with Jack's internal struggle unresolved. However Malick chooses to take one bold step further, with a rather mystifying sequence which will leave room for many audience interpretations, although it's place and intention is clear: To help us make peace with our own demons. If that isn't the true essence of art, then what is?
B004UUKDNA|4.0|Fantastic album with every track being a great listen.  As a discerning buyer, I'm weary of buying an album with one or two 'radio hits' and filler, but Foster the People's \\"Torches\\" is a great all around listen.  The lyrics are fun, if not a bit morbid, and the pacing of the songs are perfect for a Saturday evening drive or an hour at the gym.
0517543052|1.0|Make sure you look at this book before purchasing. I clicked the \\"show me a page\\" on amazon and it showed the foreword, etc... I started reading it and thought it would be a very interesting book- HOWEVER, BE WARNED, the foreword (and any page with actual written text) of the book is only a few pages long. From there, the majority of the book is nonsense written in different sizes all over pages with drawings, phrases in other languages, and babble. I suppose he was trying to take you into his psyche- but that is the LARGE majority of this book- it was a waste of money. I did give it a full-hearted attempt, however- I have never felt more cheated and disappointed in a book purchase.
B0002IQAMW|5.0|I have had this disc for quite a while, and was surprised to read some reviews about the SACD treatment lacking in certain aspects.  Quite simply, there is no better way this album will ever sound.  In a full range five-speaker system, you are present both in the Fillmore and in the studio.  The clarity and balance of the guitars, keyboards, drums, bass and vocals is without comparison to any other version of this album.  This recording conveys a BIG sound and is not digitally sharp or brittle.  Duane's slide wallops you with that fat Les Paul tone.  The rhythm riffs Duane plays during the Dickey Bett's solos are wondrous on the live material.  The rest of the band plays on extraordinarily, but in my opinion when Duane is in any recording, he steals the show.  This is the best Peach without a doubt.
0030862108|5.0|I received a gift from my oldest daughter in Colorado.  She gave me a book called \\"Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee\\" by Dee Brown.  It is an American history of the Native American.  I thought it was nice and put it aside to read later.  It sat for several months on the table in the living room before I finally picked it up and began to read a little from it.  As I began to read, I found it to be compelling and I could not seem to put it down.  I would often be brought to tears to read of the outlandish things that happened and the atrocities that occurred on both sides of this sad event that was unfolding. This history of how our ancestors, native and non-native inter-related to develop this country and this continent.<br /><br />I would think as I read some of the histories, these things sound right, but they aren't the way I remember being told of them when I went to school.  I remembered how the settlers had to forcefully take the land or be wiped out by the Indians.  Kind of the John Wayne, good guy, Indians, bad guy attitude that was more prevalent when I was growing up in the fifties.<br /><br />After reading the book I was puzzled enough about the difference to go and check some more recently published history books that were in the library.  My God!  I thought to myself; They rewrote the whole thing since I was a kid.  The modern books related a similar story to \\"Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee\\".<br /><br />There is something else I noticed as I read \\"Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee\\".  There seemed to be something that gave the Indian an ability to survive and even conquer against enormous odds.  Something more than just defending their land and families.  We all thought we were doing that.  They would go into battle and it would cost five to ten American soldiers lives to take one Indian life.  They had something.  A belief it seemed.  They had a belief that was so strong and continual in their manner of living that they could survive against unbelievable odds.  They seemed to know something in their belief system that gave them strength.  I thought of what my Dad used to say was his motto from Sir Galahad, \\"My strength is of the strength of ten because my heart is pure\\".  They had that!<br />I had never considered the Indian as spiritual or necessarily good hearted.  How could I have missed that?  Everything that I knew was based on the idea that their beliefs weren't much more than good stories to tell to kids.  Indians were colorful, resourceful, nature minded, brutally warrior like and of course, defeated.  They were a defeated people who had lost their pride and will to a dominating society.  They sat on reservations and waited for \\"we the tax payers\\" to send them money and supplies while they complain that we don't live up to the treaties that we agreed to.  It was that \\"I'm right, you're wrong\\" thing creating a barrier between the cultures so that no one would really want to know much about each other. Now I was seeing a whole new people in the Indian.  A people I never knew existed.mething in their belief system that gave them strength.  I thought of what my Dad used to say was his motto from Sir Galahad, \\"My strength is of the strength of ten because my heart is pure\\".  They had that!  I had never considered the Indian as spiritual or necessarily good hearted.  How could I have missed that?  Everything that I knew was based on the idea that their beliefs weren't much more than good stories to tell to kids.  Indians were colorful, resourceful, nature minded, brutally warrior like and of course, defeated.  They were a defeated people who had lost their pride and will to a dominating society.  They sat on reservations and waited for \\"we the tax payers\\" to send them money and supplies while they complain that we don't live up to the treaties that we agreed to.  It was that \\"I'm right, you're wrong\\" thing creating a barrier between the cultures so that no one would really want to know much about each other. Now I was seeing a whole new people in the Indian.  A people I never knew existed.
B0055S348W|4.0|I have to say, for an Android option to print, this is really sweet. I'm a tad disappointed that it doesn't print the .doc and .xls file that I created with Document's to Go on my HTC Evo, but I'm sure its just a matter of time. I assumed that the app printed just the raw files, but apparently there's some disconnect in what device creates the .doc or .xls files. It works with ones created on my PC though. Still an amazing app. If that can be fixed, it will be a near flawless app. If I could rate it a 4.75, I would. Still very impressed so far.
B0000UHFC6|5.0|Again, Howard Shore offers us a great music... But this time a DVD about the making of the music is include!!!  A great package...
B005CMGKTG|5.0|The is a fantastic achievement of re-telling the Starblazers tail in the original Japanese.  Well written and worded, great characterization and good flow to the movie will keep you interested.  This story was the inspiration for my own Battlecruiser Series, which is published here on Amazon.  The characters even looked like the ones in the original cartoon that came out in the mid-to-late 70's.  A classic much buy.
B004SCN2F6|5.0|keeps bringing me back in hours apon hours of non stop strategic gameplay also its simple yet extensive design allows you not to get lost in the game but at the same time never gets boring can play the game over and over always fun.... waiting for online lol
B002ZG98Z0|5.0|excellent movie - i love the girls though so im not a fair one to rate them  no matter what they;'d do together i'd love it !!
0451207521|5.0|I'm a big Ken Follett fan, really like most of his books, but this one, along with Lie Down With Lions, deserves top rating!
B004E2XAHK|5.0|I was pleasantly surprised by how unique this CD is! Sometimes you worry that a band will get stagnant after a while, but I have to say that this is probably my new favorite Within Temptation album. I enjoy every song, which is really saying something for me. The music is new, fresh, and exciting, and I will probably break the CD from the number of times I've had it playing in my car. Highly recommended!
B001F6TXME|5.0|I love this thing I shake a lot and this put a stop to it. The price is cheap for what you get I highly recomend it .
B001CDLATE|5.0|Whilst cinema is an art form, Baraka is a piece of art.   It is like no other film you will ever see.   The film is an extraordinary collection of sounds and images from across the globe. There is no dialogue or explanation of what we are seeing. The images are left to tell their own story and take you on their journey.   There is no pretence to what we see:  the viewer is invited to find beauty in dancing African tribesman one minute, then and busy pedestrian crossings in Tokyo the next, before being confronted by the harsh reality of peoples who must search through discarded waste to make a living.   Everyone will find their own meaning in the beautiful sequences, and part of the Movie's charm is this presentation of beauty and natural rhythms, rather than the documentary-style where directors hold the viewers' hands throughout the movie and tell them what to think.     Some will chose to be mesmerized by the beauty alone, whilst other will feel compelled by the movie's gradual move from Nature's beauty to the devastation caused by Human existence. Marvelously, Baraka does not require you to do either, challenging the viewer but empowering them to make what they will of the experience.     Baraka requires your full attention.   It requires total immersion.  Do so, and you will be taken on one of the most moving cinematic experiences ever.   Still underrated in terms of its significance, the film was originally released  in 1992. Director Ron Fricke (who made was the cinematographer for what was essentially the film's predecessor, Koyaanisqatsi  pushed the boundaries of cinematography and designed cameras especially for this movie to capture nature at its most stunning and profound moments.   The remastered Blu Ray has been painstakingly restored frame by frame, and now allows us to be properly awed by the original footage in our lounge rooms. Blu Ray and Special Editions include interesting discussions about how the film was reformatted to bring new life to the original print-an extraordinary and painstaking process that has given a magical result.  (As a side note, a high quality audiovisual viewing setup is also required if you are to truly experience the power of this movie).  To be gob smacked by such raw beauty and confronted by such compelling images is rare. Make time for Baraka, and you will understand what it is to be truly awed by the power of cinema.
B003UYUP58|4.0|I picked this up as an intellectual exercise to bring me up to speed on the progression of cancer medicine.  I was astounded by the early practices of doctors and equally horrified.  Some of the major discoveries and the heartbreaking setbacks detailed all contribute to the feeling of a War.  The author it all together will comparisons to earlier characters in the story, showing you how much progress has been made at each step.  The reader is left with a sense of wonder at the abilities of man and the remaining vagaries of nature.
B003L77GH4|5.0|Love the 2nd season of Vampire Diaries, it's exciting from start to finish. It's addicting and makes you excited for the 3rd season of Vampire Diaries. The actors were great and the dialogue was witty. If you purchase it, you won't regret it, (hopefully).
0553296981|5.0|I am reading this diary to my years 5, 6 and 7s and they are mesmorised. I was concerned that they may be a little bored or find Anne's account outdated and long. I underestimated my class. They are around the age she was when she started writing so they relate to her language, thoughts and feelings. How fascinating that in a world of rapid change some things simply remain steadfast. 70 years later yet children are still children. Their thoughts, feelings, observations. I think we often forget this and expect them to think like adults. Looking back I too could relate to Anne when I was her age. We are learning so much (including me!) and are able to relate it to a number of other areas. Thank you Anne for sharing so much.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|Honestly one of the best books I have ever read! I loved it from beginning to end! I could not force my self to put it down!
0061743526|5.0|I have wanted this novel in my collection since my 'school days' copy went missing. Finally it is where it belongs. I loved reading it again and also bought the DVD which I really enjoyed.
B005G4TJI4|3.0|This sequel was pretty disappointing. Not only was the plot bad, fricken Megan fox was gone? what a bummer. I don't like the other girl she isnt a good actor and definitely not as attractive, boo Tranformers
0783225857|5.0|Read Harper Lee's novel then watch this adaptation. You will fall in love with Atticus and his family all over again. How relevent the theme is today and 80 years later how little has really changed!
B002GHIPYI|5.0|For $38 I'd be extremely surprised if you can find a better pair of cans.  These fit perfectly on my big head, and the sound is very good; very accurate.  I wear them around a data center wear I work all day, and the only reason I have to adjust them now and then is because of my big (1/2\\") earrings.  Normal earring wearers or non-pierced folks are golden.  Sensitivity isn't a problem.  With either an iPod or Zune or even my laptop I have more than enough volume.  Audiophiles may chime in here about their performance with an amp. I haven't tried so I can't comment there.  I have 2 complaints, but only regarding the product itself: the highs are a little shrill; just a tiny bit harsh.  I'm not sure if burn-in is something real or not, but if it is maybe they'll smooth out over time.  My other gripe which has no bearing on product performance is the retail packaging.  If I hadn't read the reviews and suggestions of others, from the packaging/presentation alone I'd never even think to buy these.  It's basically a chunk of cardboard and some shrink wrap.  Overall I'm very happy with this purchase.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|i got this game as a free app and I never do reviews, but I have been steadily addicted to this game Some levels had me stuck for days. currently on level 21.
B002SAUCBC|5.0|I read so many review giving only 1 star and saying it was a very long book with no action. King here created a masterpiece - a PSYCHOLOGICAL Thriller . Not all book is about action or even blood and guts. I found in this book a rare and beautiful story of a young boy that finds himself trapped in a \\"game\\" and grows to know himself and some of the other boys he is walking with. We are following him through all phases of his mind, through the realization of the consequences of his action to the fear and pain he endures thorough the miles of the walk. The bond and connection with the other \\"player\\" will soon be unbearable and you will soon feel for them along with Garraty. I recommend this book to everyone that love Psychological thriller and character studies. I agree sometimes that king has a tendency to overwrite and go of on tangents, but this book captured me from the first line until the end of the book. Hope you will enjoy it as much as I did !
B000000HRP|5.0|It's pointless trying to describe this music. Just listen with your full attention and be awe-struck by the sheer virtuosity of it all. If you are a musician, whether aspiring or accomplished, you will find yourself profoundly humbled by the majesty that was Brand X. Shelley summed it up in his immortal line from Ozymandias (see title of review). He may have been inspired by a fragment of a statue of Ramses II, but who cares? I mean, you may practice for a lifetime, but you'll never match this immortal recording -- so why not have your hands amputated forthwith and save yourself the time and frustration? You know it makes sense! (I used to know a guy who said he'd give his right arm to play like Hendrix. Now if that ain't paradoxical, I'm the Cretan liar.)<br />  Here, Phil Collins is at his scintillating best on the circular skins and polished metal discs; Percy Jones' fretless bass playing is deliciously fruity in tone and hugely funky. John Goodsall is at the top of his game on guitar: amazing speed and dexterity, chordal intelligence, arpeggios that delight and exasperate in their unpredictability, lovely tone -- light when necessary, heavy when all the stops need to be pulled out. Everything Robin Lumley does on the keys is clever and tasteful. Mad Morris Pert on percussion is the perfect complement and foil to Collins' drumming and provides the whipped cream to top off this scrumptiously rich cake of an aural sexperience. This was just a side-project for Collins! Jazz-rock (or whatever meaningless label you want to apply to this music) didn't and doesn't get any better than this.<br />  I was privileged to see them live at the Marquee, probably shortly after this amazing album was released (can't recall exactly -- too many brain cells fried) and, amazingly, they were even better live. So tight, so together, it was unreal. The small but devoted crowd of onlookers/listeners were like simple peasants beholding a radiant angel: eyes bulged and rolled in their sockets, jaws dropped (though not quite to the floor) and vestments were rent asunder (well almost).s dropped (though not quite to the floor) and vestments were rent asunder (well almost).
B000UZQI0Q|5.0|Sanderson is great at creating likeable characters and wonderful plot. I have defently been sucked into the Mistborn universe. I would defently suggest these books for anyone who loves a great story.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|Great keyboard. Really worth the price. Makes typing even with small fingers much easier than anything I ever tried? A+
B004G5ZXVQ|1.0|Nobody wins anything.  People behave then they die, then the sun burns out and we become extinct.  Sing about experiences and blast this idiot culture for idiot dreams, don't regurgitate all the propaganda shoved down our throats by this idiot based achievement culture that is collapsing AND can't stop lying or selling us fantasies. Win by making fun of idiot competition and singing songs of cooperation and blast the corporate lie, don't embrace it with this crappy album.
B0034JYC7G|2.0|the headphones worked for several months and then one ear stopped working. I also felt the headphones constantly pulled downwards and that the balance of wieght was off, which was quite an inconvenience. after about a half a year i bought a new pair of headphones.
B0033H7VI6|4.0|This knife is a good value.  When mine arrived it had two scratches on the blade.  Hard to explain because of the cardboard sleave over the blade.  I used a green scrub pad and rubbing compound to renew the surface finish of the blade. A little disappointing for a brand new item.  So, the point is the blade finish is soft, BTW it scratched with the first couple uses again, so my \\"refinish\\" was arbitrary.  The knife blade stock is very thick.  Mine is ever so slightly bent to one side.  Nothing that affects the purpose of the knife, but it isn't straight.  Overall the fit and finish is only Ok.  Again nothing that will hurt function, but if you want a \\"pretty\\" knife, this one isn't it.  It is a neat looking overall knife, just if you are picky about the details, this knife isn't \\"perfect\\".  The function of the knife is as expected.  It is a slightly heavy \\"compromise\\" all-in-one knife.  It is a little big for but will accomplish general tasks, but a little small for hacking.  If you can only have one knife this one will do just about everything Ok but nothing great.  You could carry a 5\\" blade knife and a mid-sized machete to do everything well or carry this knife- I guess that is the point of this knife.  The sheath material is a bit thin, but adequate.  The sheath design is functional, I like the elastic pouch on the outside.  I put a multitool and a firestarter easily into the pouch and it makes a nice bug-out survival piece.  My guess is the closure on the pouch will break eventually, because it is brittle plastic.  All together, the knife is Ok, not awesome.  The blade has the heft to last through abuse, but it is a heavy large knife for general and small cutting tasks.  When choosing between this or my Ka-bar, I would pick my Ka-bar.  Maybe it is just me, but the Ka-bar feels better.    Sorry, to the designer Mistwalker, just my opinion, and I am not a bushcrafting expert.
0765350386|2.0|The main strength of The Final Empire is its unique magic system. I actually highly recommend the first sixty pages of this book, almost on that alone, but also because it does a decent job of establishing characters, and holds your interest in the Ocean's-Eleven style infiltration plan. Lastly, the first Allomancy fight is a treasure to read.  Unfortunately, Allomancy-fighting quickly becomes repetitive. The established characters weaken, and Sanderson's dialogue is purely insipid at times (most who have read Sanderson will agree here - Sanderson's dialogue is his greatest weakness).   Presumably due to Sanderson's teaching position, the book seems somewhat formulaic. At times I can imagine him thinking \\"Well I'll add this device for this reason,\\" and it detracts from the flow. And there is an excess of repetition. The middle of the book almost recreates earlier scenes to emphasize earlier points.   I would also quibble about the believability of a particular plot twist, but will leave off the spoilers.  Perhaps the biggest annoyance was the excessive foreshadowing. I'm not a fan of foreshadowing at all, but Sanderson took it to new lows. I had the ending figured before the halfway point, and he continued to foreshadow it from different angles and by repeating these several things. A couple of unexpected plot twists were somewhat redemptive, but not enough to salvage the plot.  As the reviews I've read suggest this is the strongest of the trilogy, I decided to just read plot summaries for the other two, and don't see enough hope to continue.  -I recommend instead Name of the Wind (book 1, kingkiller chronicle) by Patrick Rothfuss as some of the best fantasy out there. Also Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time series, if you've the patience for a longer, more in-depth read, and George R.R. Martin's Song of Fire and Ice, if you want dark fantasy.
B0051T47NQ|5.0|Hi  Well here's the quick review. It's Norwegian, it's hand held which can be a bit disorientating, but no worse than Cloverfield in that respect and it has Trolls in it. So if any of that doesn't put you off then see it and make your own mind up.  Longer review. Might contain a few spoilers. I first heard of Trollhunter many months ago, went to the website watched the trailer and thought yep have to see this film as it looked like something I'd enjoy. Luckily for me it came out on DVD in America before it even got a cinema release in the UK. So I was able to order it and watch it and it was exactly the way I thought it might look. Yes the Hand held photography is very shaky at times, but it's meant to be that way and because of the story it works in the films advantage. It's really quite funny in places, but i do think it does help having a knowledge of fairy tales involving trolls to really get some of the jokes. But tying a Billy goat to a bridge to attract one was genius in my book.  The trolls look incredible and complete match the quality of the film. I'm really impressed with how far CGI has come in recent years that things can look so totally real. But it's a fun film, maybe a little slow paced at the beginning, but overall it was completely enjoyable. But I would check out the trailer first and if it looks like your kind of film as well, go and get it.
159102594X|2.0|The good:  -The writing keeps you interested for some indefinable reason  -Glokta (character) is a worthwhile read  The OK:  -The fight scenes weren't all bad. The geography and weapon use was mostly commonplace, but there are flashes of quality that show the author's potential here.  -The dialogue was somewhat bearable.  -Passable backstory and world-building, I suppose. Definitely easy-access for new fantasy readers.  The bad:  -The plot, as you'll know if you've read any honest reviews, goes almost literally nowhere. It's just unimportant sideplots cobbled together. After reading the final page, I wondered how I'd missed the ending. It's hard to credit this, as the book is not a character study in particular. Jezal is the only character who undergoes any evolution, in the form of an emotional desire to change (with very little actual change).  -Most of the characters are on the weaker side. Particularly Jezal, a worse-than-stereotypical nobleman, offering cliched dialogue and monosyllables. The proffered explanation for this is his forbidden love for Ardee West, but the dialogue is the same in other contexts. You didn't even love to hate him.  -The mages in the story are supremely powerful, and they tend to kill people in similar ways: burning them inside out, turning their insides to water, choking them, or making them explode by force. All of these happen at instant speed, and can apparently be turned upon anyone.  2 stars mostly because it kept my interest, if somewhat sourly.  -I recommend instead Name of the Wind (book 1, kingkiller chronicle) by Patrick Rothfuss as some of the best fantasy out there. Also Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time series, if you've the patience for a longer, more in-depth read, and George R.R. Martin's Song of Fire and Ice, if you want dark fantasy.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|The photography in this video is nothing short of astonishing! My new 60\\" HDTV and Blu-Ray player really make this video series shine. This is like Discovery Channel HD on steroids. If you've got a Blu-Ray player and HDTV, and you enjoy Discovery Channel or Animal Planet type programming then you owe it to yourself to check this series out. This is definitely the best of the best of it's type.
B0040UAYI4|4.0|I have always been a pc gamer and use keyboard and mouse.  Because of this it was difficult to get used to the playstation controllers.  This allowed me to use keyboard and mouse and was fairly easy to set up.  However, lots of tweaking was necessary to get it to work smoothly.  Once, set up, it was really nice and *almost* like using the mouse on the pc.  I noticed a little hang time occasionally but it worked well.
B001OGLRRO|5.0|The end of the 70's was a great time to be a teenager in my part of the country. The movie \\"Dazed and Confused\\" gives a pretty accurate glimpse into the life of the average teenager at that time (but I digress). Disco was fading, heavy metal was diverging from hard rock and punk was around but never really caught my attention. So late one night in '79 I was listening to my favorite station, the renowned WHFS in Washington,DC and Planet Claire came on. Was it a joke? A comedy act? I couldn't figure out what I was hearing! They weren't gifted musicians in the classical sense. Musically sparse, almost laughable yet with a dance energy and hooks that could drive a party into the stratosphere! Needless to say I went to the store and bought the album the very next day! The liner notes credit Fred Schneider on vocals, walkie-talkie and toy piano? You've got to be kidding?! Ricky Wilson, the guitar player, had like three strings on his guitar! To my brooding, \\"serious\\" music friends, these guys were a talentless bunch of hacks. To my fun, inebriated, college party dancing fools, these guys were great! Some people \\"got it\\" and some didn't but I became a fan. Over the years, as their popularity grew, their albums grew slicker and were at times a bit over-produced. I have yet to attend a wedding reception where \\"Love Shack\\" isn't played! The B's were born at college house parties and that is still where they are at their finest! I think the first two albums contain their best work and are a must have. The B's defy categorization, their sound and energy remains one-of-a-kind. After 30 years, I bet if you went to a college party tonight and threw on their record (mp3 album!)you would have people dancing like fools in seconds! Thanks for the good times B's.
B001ECDVKE|1.0|well a movie with no sound.. not good its was a copy that didnt turn out well.what more can be said
B004JN1D2I|3.0|First let me say that I had no problem with this set on Kindle.  I was very happy to purchase this set after, I enjoyed seeing the HBO version of the first book.  I was new to Mr. Martin's series and couldn't wait to read the rest of it to see how the story ended.<br /><br />That being said I enjoyed reading book one and book two didn't disappoint, then things really started to get bogged down.  I am almost finished book four of the set and I don't think we are getting anywhere. Everyone seems to be wandering around in circles for no good reason. The story has me totally frustrated.  I am not at all sure that I want to read book five although I am so far invested at this point I still want to see how the story ends.<br /><br />When I started I thought this was a great fantasy series, it had the detail of Lord of the Rings without getting stuck in the writing style of the times which often made the Lord of the Rings difficult to read. Now it seems to have lost direction especially after book three.
B0058EBNAO|4.0|This is a nice looking app that works great with very few quirks. It seems to have accurate weather forecasts and data.
B000001DQG|5.0|(A quick bit of background facts: \\"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road,\\" was still on the charts, and MCA (his record company) wanted a followup and wanted it yesterday. Elton had just created his Rocket Records label and said okay, I'll record it but you do the distribution. He also just recorded \\"Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds\\" with John Lennon and in turn sang on Lennon's \\"Whatever Gets You Through the Night.\\" The album was mapped out, songs were set up to be performed, and away they went.)<br /><br />The music was recorded in 9 days.<br /><br />As soon as he finished the initial recordings of the songs, he left on a tour of Japan, leaving the polishing work of background vocals etc. to long-time producer Gus Dudgeon. The result is one of top 3 albums he's ever recorded, which means it's an album worth listening to from the first song to the very end. It's his first 'American' album, as he went from singer/songwriter from England to international superstar and then moved to the United States to record there, as most artists do.<br /><br />10 songs adding up to 50 minutes of music:<br /><br />01 - The Bitch Is Back - Right from the jump, Elton wants you to know that \\"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road\\" was no fluke. His lyrics are blazing hot, as hot as the summer of 1975 was even then, as AM stations around the world played this instant classic.<br /><br />02 - Pinky - one of the very few ballads off the album, it's sexy and slow and it's Elton's tenderness to the lyrics that make this a song he even now still performs, and he even prefers it to other hits of his.<br /><br />03 - Grimsby - a homage by songsmith Bernie Taupin to a town in England by the same name, it became a tribute in homage by Taupin who, as a teen, visited there, drank there, and fell in love with it's roughness and yet dazzling oceanfront piers. It's still a rocker, regardless.<br /><br />04 - Dixie Lily - a song about U.S. southern riverboats? Vicksburg, Mississippi is mentioned - a nice little lazy fun song, which once again is still performed live by Elton now. But wait, we then move to<br /><br />05 - Solar Prestige a Gammon - a wonderful bit of nonsense that, when played repeatedly, will make you memorize the words so carefully you'll be signing it out loud one day and people will look at you with worried looks. It doesn't make sense, it will never make sense, and no one's ever asked Elton what they mindless lyrics really means - but does it really matter? It's a fun tune! And besides, who else had the guts to pull this kind of silliness out of their heads and put it on a a record?<br /><br />06 - You're So Static - this song has the same kind of angry urgency of \\"All The Young Girls Love Alice,\\" just check out a sample of the lyrics:<br />\\"But I can still remember how she laughed at me<br />As I spun around and hit the bed<br />She said thank you honey, forget about the money<br />This pretty watch'll do instead\\"<br />It boggles the mind that this is yet another song Elton performs on the odd occasion too.<br /><br />07 - I've Seen the Saucers - It has a haunting beginning, sounding like \\"Don't Let The Sun...\\" I've tried to figure out the real meaning, but I do remember that at the time the UFO craze was pretty big at the time, and EVERYONE was seeing something in the sky, and this song is a musical story devoted to those people who just knew they saw something... I guess if you look long enough you'll see something.<br /><br />08 - Stinker - a slimy rocker about an even slimier man - he has no morals, he likes it dirty, and he loves his drink. It's a grimy tune full of horns, and the 1970's Philadelphia sound is here, right down to the bluesy song choice.<br /><br />09 - Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me - here is the monster of the album, which to many is pretty much the one song everybody remembers on the the album itself. However, most of the song is pretty much metaphorical gibberish, but the chorus, oh the chorus... it's something you're already probably hummingin your head. When Elton plays this song, the crowds worldwide explode into a frenzy, and why not? It only went to number two in the USA, and why was that? Because \\"Bennie and The Jets,\\" another song by Elton from ANOTHER ALBUM, would not let go of the top spot. This just tells you the relevance and the power of Elton John's music at the time. He just could not stop making hits.<br /><br />10 - Ticking - this song should have been made into a long form video, it would rival anything out there in message. Before the sad tragedy in Columbine, before The Boomtown Rats' song \\"I Don't Like Mondays,\\" Elton predicted the future with the troubles of youth in our modern society, and when they cracked, they would crack, severely. The song (and the album) would end with the endless mammoth drone of a mellotron, glowing tubes shimmering into the night's air, and it's an unusual ending to a project that showed the real work and talent...<br /><br />...pretty good for a man who created a million-selling album in only NINE DAYS.<br /><br />(on the Deluxe Edition, there are 4 bonus tracks)<br /><br />11 - Pinball Wizard - a single released a year later from the film \\"Tommy\\" soundtrack. A rocker to the highest order, further propelling Elton to the stratosphere, but oddly enough, written almost 7 years earlier by Pete Townshend.<br /><br />12 - Sick City - the flipside to the 45 record \\"Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me.\\" An odd song about groupie life, a sixteen year old girl who's drug addicted and only needs a little something to get by.<br /><br />13 - Cold Highway - another flipside, this time from \\"The Bitch Is Back\\" 45 record. Haunting lyrics, wonderful music, but it's understandable why it wasn't included on the album, instead being used as a filler song. It's not his best song, but it still shows promise.<br /><br />14 - Step into Christmas - this time it's an A-side from late 1973, but it never made the charts due to certain regulations about Christmas songs. The song was designed to sound like an old fashioned Ronettes song, complete with Wall-Of-Sound-type effects. the b-side, \\"Ho! Ho! Ho! (Who'd Be a Turkey at Christmas)\\" is actually a really stranger song to hear, and you've go out and track it down. It's bizarre and funny, as it takes place at a drunken Christmas party when \\"the bearded one\\" arrives! The song ends with turkey noises and someone giving the microphone the \\"razzberry.\\" It includes reed instruments, turkey noises, and so much more. What a disaster of a song, but it's one of the funniest songs Elton's ever made.<br /><br />So, what can be said about what I can only call an album second only to \\"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road?\\" in the Elton John discography? Some would say it's a slapdash, hurried attempt for the record company to capitalize on a hot property. Some would say (as I would) that the writing, the music and the makeup of the album (in addition to his half-dozen other projects he had going at the time) only proves to me that Elton was at the top of his game, professionally and creatively.<br /><br />To have made this album in only 9 days, for it to almost eclipse \\"Goodbye,\\" for him to have all of this success in a year and a half can and will be a testament to one of the greatest singer/songwriter collaborations (lyrics by Bernie Taupin, music by Elton) ever in music history.<br /><br />I give it a very healthy 5 stars.<br /><br />If you don't own a copy, find one and then listen for yourself - play \\"Goodbye\\" and then play \\"Caribou\\" right behind it, and you'll find they go together very well, both in content and musically.<br /><br />(Thanks for reading, and please don't forget to leave a comment or a vote if you liked it, or not...)in your head. When Elton plays this song, the crowds worldwide explode into a frenzy, and why not? It only went to number two in the USA, and why was that? Because \\"Bennie and The Jets,\\" another song by Elton from ANOTHER ALBUM, would not let go of the top spot. This just tells you the relevance and the power of Elton John's music at the time. He just could not stop making hits.<br /><br />10 - Ticking - this song should have been made into a long form video, it would rival anything out there in message. Before the sad tragedy in Columbine, before The Boomtown Rats' song \\"I Don't Like Mondays,\\" Elton predicted the future with the troubles of youth in our modern society, and when they cracked, they would crack, severely. The song (and the album) would end with the endless mammoth drone of a mellotron, glowing tubes shimmering into the night's air, and it's an unusual ending to a project that showed the real work and talent...<br /><br />...pretty good for a man who created a million-selling album in only NINE DAYS.<br /><br />(on the Deluxe Edition, there are 4 bonus tracks)<br /><br />11 - Pinball Wizard - a single released a year later from the film \\"Tommy\\" soundtrack. A rocker to the highest order, further propelling Elton to the stratosphere, but oddly enough, written almost 7 years earlier by Pete Townshend.<br /><br />12 - Sick City - the flipside to the 45 record \\"Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me.\\" An odd song about groupie life, a sixteen year old girl who's drug addicted and only needs a little something to get by.<br /><br />13 - Cold Highway - another flipside, this time from \\"The Bitch Is Back\\" 45 record. Haunting lyrics, wonderful music, but it's understandable why it wasn't included on the album, instead being used as a filler song. It's not his best song, but it still shows promise.<br /><br />14 - Step into Christmas - this time it's an A-side from late 1973, but it never made the charts due to certain regulations about Christmas songs. The song was designed to sound like an old fashioned Ronettes song, complete with Wall-Of-Sound-type effects. the b-side, \\"Ho! Ho! Ho! (Who'd Be a Turkey at Christmas)\\" is actually a really stranger song to hear, and you've go out and track it down. It's bizarre and funny, as it takes place at a drunken Christmas party when \\"the bearded one\\" arrives! The song ends with turkey noises and someone giving the microphone the \\"razzberry.\\" It includes reed instruments, turkey noises, and so much more. What a disaster of a song, but it's one of the funniest songs Elton's ever made.<br /><br />So, what can be said about what I can only call an album second only to \\"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road?\\" in the Elton John discography? Some would say it's a slapdash, hurried attempt for the record company to capitalize on a hot property. Some would say (as I would) that the writing, the music and the makeup of the album (in addition to his half-dozen other projects he had going at the time) only proves to me that Elton was at the top of his game, professionally and creatively.<br /><br />To have made this album in only 9 days, for it to almost eclipse \\"Goodbye,\\" for him to have all of this success in a year and a half can and will be a testament to one of the greatest singer/songwriter collaborations (lyrics by Bernie Taupin, music by Elton) ever in music history.<br /><br />I give it a very healthy 5 stars.<br /><br />If you don't own a copy, find one and then listen for yourself - play \\"Goodbye\\" and then play \\"Caribou\\" right behind it, and you'll find they go together very well, both in content and musically.<br /><br />(Thanks for reading, and please don't forget to leave a comment or a vote if you liked it, or not...)
B005DZMODI|4.0|You just cant go wrong with Clapton if you are a fan.  Nobody seems to be abloe to match his style.Nevertheless, it's a fun and carefully selected jaunt through jazz/blues classics by highly respected and popular musicians. And coming back to those pesky liner notes, it's true that the famous have a greater burden to be original and creative and not fall back on their laurels--these guys do all right! Well worth the ten bucks to hear them having such a good time on these tunes! Any combo with Clapton is worth getting...period.... Wish I'd been a fly on the wall of Lincoln Center for this! The liner notes read like a music appreciation lecture  but that's okay--despite using words like \\"contextualizing\\" (arrrgh!), there is also heartfelt recognition, respect, and appreciation. Now to the music. Others have commented that sound quality overall could be better on some tracks--true.
B002ZCDR88|5.0|As a fan of poetry, music, and Natelie, this is one of my favorite albums of hers. I would also (unlike some other reviews) highly recommend this for all parents of young children. The songs are fun and thoughtful... if it prompts your children to ask questions, use their captivated interest to talk about the stories! DON'T DOWNLOAD THIS! The liner notes in the double-CD set are a must. The poems and stories are worth getting the whole package.
0142418471|5.0|I  don't have enough words to say how much I loved this book, but let me tell you this, it was a lot. It's very emotional and thought-provoking, and it's authentic. You should read it, GO BUY IT, NOW, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR ?!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|For all the annoying comments, for all the constant unsolicited input, for everything in general, George Lucas just got the final laugh.   The thing is fans didn't want this set; they wanted something else. But this is what he put out. And in an ultimate ironic twist, George Lucas will sell you now that which you don't want (the butchered original trilogy plus the other three crappy prequels) But hey, they're all on HD!  Will we resist? Or will we flock to the stores and to the online retailers, and buy it grudgingly, but buy it nevertheless?  Who won this battle of the wills?   NOOOOOOOO!!!!!   (Yes.)
1932100660|5.0|The book arrived promply and in perfect condition.  It was a used book but the only detail that makes it look \\"not new\\" is the fact it's got some writing on the very first page.  Nothing to impeed its reading.  A very good read.
B000BT97AO|5.0|I loved Mirrormask, which is a coming of age story for the young heroine, wrapped in extraordinary fantasy art.  Masks abound, both in the \\"real\\" circus world and the dream world that Helena journeys in.  The artwork is really surreal and unique.  I've not seen anything quite like it before and it creates an air of mystery that is very compelling.  Helena struggles with her emerging adult feelings, in particular the conflict between the need to start finding her own way and her love for and need to obey her parents - a universal theme.  The British accents are a little difficult for my American ears to understand sometimes, but the movie is carried as much by the visuals as the dialogue and I never felt lost.  If you want to see more just Google Mirrormask images to get an idea of the atmosphere the movie creates.  Highly recommended.
B0051MKNV8|3.0|Overall a very good concept-however with lots of \\"Holes\\"... It does spurn the \\"Imagination\\"- & Brings a new meaning to-\\" Nothing good comes easy.... If it does...WATCH OUT\\"!!!  I found it to be fairly entertaining - yet fairly slow @ times.... Enough to almost lose interest.  The acting was overall \\"A\\" rated..-how can You miss with the that cast?!  If You like the actors... You'll probably enjoy the film- if nothing else- for the Fantasy aspect.   Don't expect it to change your life.....      Dr.W
B003YUC2FE|5.0|I got these for a great price on a Lightning Deal. My 2 year old LOVES the Toy Story collection and we watch all of them regularly.  I love having them in different formats. It lets us leave the blu-ray set at home and take the DVD's with us.
B0058VA2U4|5.0|I love all the BIG 4 bands! In particular, Metallica, Megadeth and Anthrax are really great bands. Joey Belladona and John Bush are both great singers for me. Worship Music is a marvellous album and I believe it may be considered the best metal album of 2011. Of course, Megadeth's \\"Th1rt3en\\" will be a great album too!!!
B000FC1LOC|5.0|As for only being 11, I thoroughly enjoyed the part that Anna was defending herself for her own rights. Just to say that the movie totally ruins the story throughout, the book had plenty of detail, especially at the parts that weren't seen in the movie. When Kate meets Taylor, I think Mrs. Picoult made the perfect character, as Taylor is experiencing the same thing that is happening to Kate. So I guess my rating for this book is five stars because the author really made this book readable for all ages and made it the perfect story to inspire everyone.
B0050SYS5A|1.0|I was very excited when I heard about this. 24 hours later, not so much! I guess my expectations were too high. It works if you're right on top of your TV, other than that, it has a VERY hard time tracking you. Useless with Fruit Ninja and the newest Kinect downloadable games. I didn't even bother with Kinect Sports with it. I'd rather move my couch than mess with this. Too bad!
0670022411|2.0|I picked this book up in hopes of moving my love of supernatural/paranormal literature out of the YA genre and into adult work. Unfortunately, this book failed me. I won't give a summary of the plot...many others have done that. My biggest gripe was that for so much of this book NOTHING happens.  Diana discovers a 'lost' ancient manuscript that is apparently very interesting to many supernatural creatures. So much so that the is repeatedly threatened with violence. But despite the fact that these creatures want her to work for them (give them the manuscript...which she doesn't have and can't seem to get back) or stop seeing her vampire boyfriend, they continue to threaten and wait in the shadows while she goes rowing, has dinner, does yoga. It isn't until 3/4 (or so) of the way through the book that something bad happens to Diana...but this is quickly (about a chapter) fixed and the threat subsides while she learns about her powers, eats, heals, visits family.  There's a lot of focus in this book on what Diana is wearing, what she's eating (everything) what wines she and Matthew are drinking, the history (highly detailed) of everything she sees/hears. I don't much care about these things. I wanted something to HAPPEN. Also, a couple of the 'plot points' bothered me.  SPOILER: Diana can timewalk...which means she can go back in time (to any time) at will. Now, to me, any time you give a character the ability to go back in time, you take away most of the suspense. If something doesn't work out the way the character is hoping they can just go do it again. There's no pressure to get it right. While the book is well researched and loaded with history (both good things) I don't need to go back in time to get my fill of history. I want things to happen in this time.  Also, the forbidden love angle. SPOILER: Aparently, back in the day, an agreement was made that says supernatural creatures can't date other species (other than humans). So Diana and Matthew can't be together.It's just unnecessary. You've got an extrememly powerful witch (I'll get to that) who is being hunted by other creatures while being protected by an ancient secret society. Her 'love' could easily kill her at any time (and she could kill him) Do we really need another element in play? It was overly romantic and hokey for me.  Not only can Diana timewalk, she also seems to have every known (and some unknown) power of witches. She can do anything!! (though SPOILER: her powers were bound by her parents so she can't actually do these things yet...but she has the ability). Why should I fear for her life if she is all powerful and is developing her powers (and seems to be able to call them when she 'needs' them...in which case it would be unlikely someone could actually kill her)? It sucks the suspense right out of the story.  I didn't know when I started this that it was to be the first in a series (honestly, do authors ever write standalone books anymore? I would LOVE a book that actually ends or several complete novels that feature the same characters over and over while still maintaining a traditional story arc (like the Sookie Stackhouse books or the Amelia Peabody series) and I think that the author's decision to make this a series is a bit of a money grab. Considering that the 'plot' of this book could have been condensed to a book half the size of the current offering, it easily could have dealt with more plot points within one book instead of requiring additional books.  The author obviously put a lot of time into writing and researching this book and it's nice to read something that challenges readers to understand history, but the problems were too great for me. No suspense, no tension, too much hokey romance (romance is fine if it is done well but this wasn't) and not enough of a plot just dragged down my reading experience. This book is something I wish I had left on the shelf for someone else to discover.
0316056863|5.0|I was somewhat shocked to see some of the low ratings this book got.  I thought it was a fabulous light read with some really hilarious moments.  I also loved her honest perspectives on life as a working mom.  Maybe I just happen to understand her situation and her type of humor, but I was very sad when this book ended.
B001P9EQH8|5.0|I watch netflix on my netbook. even with a headset it is hard to hear the audio (admittedly my 70-year old ears ain't their best right now!)   this little thing allows me to turn the volume down!  great $20 gadget
B005LY4B0A|2.0|The spiders move in an unpredictable pattern, rendering any strategy moot. Also, waiting 24 hours for the next clue is a free app feature.
0553582038|4.0|I will not compare \\"A Feast for Crows\\" to the previous books, yet focus on what i liked and didn't like in this one only.  Continuing the stories of all the remaining characters, \\"A Feast for Crows\\" seems to focus and further explore each character in the appropriate chapter in a more personal point of view.  I cannot say that the book is boring, because it is not. It is still very engaging and i was eager to go from chapter to chapter. However, i will say this book is somewhat less thrilling, yet not in a bad way.  \\"A Feast for Crows\\" is described by some as if it lost the momentum of the series. I do not think so.  The character build up and plot is still fascinating and engaging.  There are plenty of moments that will leave you in shock and things you could never expected in the plot. Also new characters are introduced which adds fresh stories and engaged you further into the plot.  My only criticism is that i would have liked the story to have been told in a more thrilling tone.  I wished that there were more shocking events, yet i cannot complain.  \\"A Feast for Crows\\" stands as the fourth book in A Song of Ice and Fire, and it deserves its place with honor.  The books continues the epic tale which i have grown to love so much and am content with it.
B000QCQ8Y4|5.0|Lee uses his usual twists and turns and some misdirection, but true to form he never fails to amaze and excite the reader. There is some sadness in this one, but true to Reacher's nature what can be made right is.  This one is in the top three of the 11 I've read already and so good that I downloaded 12, 13, and 14 within minutes of reading the end of this one.<br /><br />Enjoy!
B0058VW36U|2.0|I had all three stars on every level for every box. That was BEFORE today's update. AFTER today's update...its all gone!
0307946711|5.0|I adored this book but you should know that I'm a bit of a sucker for the tragedy. ONE DAY was brilliant in every way; making me laugh and cry while filling me with nostalgia and longing. And because I'm the same age as Dexter and Emma the time frame here was also totally relatable with little details I had forgotten about from the past two decades.<br /><br />Equal parts heartbreaking and hilarious yet also suspenseful as each chapter takes place a year to the day after the last one so you have to figure out what's happened in that time between. And of course you want the H/h to get together so you're waiting with bated breathe for them to finally \\"see\\" each other too. In the end this also made me want to seize the day like it's my last, phone up all my long lost friends and lovers and look at old photographs. Hmmm and I haven't even gotten into the genius of the writing yet (how do you put that into words?)<br /><br />I knew that writing a review here was going to be difficult (when you love a book this much there doesn't seem to be enough correct words to do it justice) and I promised myself to just keep this short and to the point so here goes... This is one of the most hilarious, perceptive, witty, moving and heartbreaking books I have ever read.<br /><br />Told in 5 parts in alternating POV's and over a span of twenty years Dexter Mayhew and Emma Morley meet in 1988. Em has just graduated from university and hooked up with that boy she's seen around for ages. He is Dexter, beautiful, pretentious and in his mind destined for greatness. As the sun rises they drink wine and talk about their futures. They have their whole lives stretching out ahead of them in an endless number of days and isn't it going to be wonderful they can achieve anything they want to.<br /><br />Starting as lovers Dexter and Emma continue as friends and the book joins them on July 15th of each year (St Swithin's day) through their 20's and 30's and into their 40's. As anyone in their 40's knows, life happens and it doesn't always go as planned, missed opportunities and the like.<br /><br />\\"When I was younger everything seemed possible. Now nothing does.\\"<br /><br />Through phone calls and letters, in different countries and towns, through assorted relationships, jobs and life's little surprises and ruts we join Em and Dex each year in a unique snapshot of their life. They don't always get along but they do think about each other everyday in some way and in case you haven't figured it out this is ultimately a love story.<br /><br />I can't say much more about this without giving it all away. But when I read the last word I wanted to start it again and nothing I've tried to read since compares. Cheers.<br /><br />\\"Live each day as if it's your last, that was the conventional advice, but really, who had the energy for that?\\"ways go as planned, missed opportunities and the like.   \\"When I was younger everything seemed possible. Now nothing does.\\"   Through phone calls and letters, in different countries and towns, through assorted relationships, jobs and life's little surprises and ruts we join Em and Dex each year in a unique snapshot of their life. They don't always get along but they do think about each other everyday in some way and in case you haven't figured it out this is ultimately a love story.   I can't say much more about this without giving it all away. But when I read the last word I wanted to start it again and nothing I've tried to read since compares. Cheers.   \\"Live each day as if it's your last, that was the conventional advice, but really, who had the energy for that?\\"
B00000K3CK|5.0|This is one of my Christmas classic favorites!  I had it on VHS, but wanted it on DVD.  This is still my favorite version of this movie.  Natalie Wood was a wonderful child actress.
B003UESJ9M|5.0|Song \\"Give In To Me\\" sang by Garrett Hedlund, actor in the Country Strong movie, is a 5 star performance!  I have watched and re-watched this movie, basically to be able to not only hear Garrett Hedlund sing all his songs, but OMG ... WATCH him sing. What an awesome performance and man he is so beautiful! (I know men don't like beautiful, but sorry .. he is!  I realize now he doesn't usually sing country music as a career choice, but I am an avid Country Music listener and I would GO BUY anything he sang on a record.  His voice his so moving!  In more ways than I'll explain on a public posting board.  I'll just say ... why hasn't anyone in Nashville gotten with this handsome young talented singer and give him a record deal?  Why not get him to develop Hedlund a country single with the awesome \\"Give In To Me\\" or anything else he sings?    I listened to Faith Hill's singing the song version of \\"Give In To Me\\" and man ... she sucked, big time.  She totally ruined the song and I'm amazed that she is advertising it as her \\"BIG COMEBACK!\\"  Someone needs to let her know that she needs to get another song.  I typically enjoy Faith's songs, but she blew it singing that after thousands of people fell in love with Garrett Hedlund singing that \\"Give In To Me!\\"  Geez, it was even partially played on the Today show!  Millions of hits on the internet, great going Garrett, you could NOT have done any better!  I can watch you sing that songs over and over and over.  I will just say, the CD that was re-done by the pro singers after the movie was a great disappointment!  I think the Country Industry made an error having the CD produced by people NOT in the movie singing the songs.  Gweneth, Garrett and Leighton did excellent performances and that SHOULD BE the soundtrack, not the revised version.  Believe me, people have purchased the Soundtrack CD, thinking it was done by the actual movie performers, only to be disappointed and aggravated by \\"who the hell is singing this?\\"  They should have stuck with the actual movie singers!  Dropped the ball with this one Nashville!  Debi
B003ELOQD4|5.0|Can't imagine what so many people were complaining about in terms of the overall production of this DVD?!  I guess it's paced a bit too quickly for some, but frankly I thoroughly enjoyed the intelligent integration of so many different camera angles.  The quality of picture varies from camera to camera, so some are grainy while others are crisp, but the color is consistent on everything, which is the most important thing to keep it from feeling jarring.  I own many, many concert dvd/bluray discs, from Woodstock and Monterey to The Last Waltz and Shine a Light and the sound is as good if not BETTER than the greatest sounding concert DVD's I've ever heard.  Rich.  Full.  Detailed.  Quite a feat considering this was recorded in an outdoor stadium, not in a club or indoor venue.  As for the concert itself, I couldn't be more pleased.  It's U2 at their best, with every member performing brilliantly.  The grandness of the presentation is capture beautifully by the crane camera and the intimate moments of facial expressions, instrument playing and crowd reaction are there too.  Those who criticize this are entitled to their views, because after all, this is an artistic endeavor, but in my humble opinion those disparaging comments have committed a disservice by inhibiting others from experiencing this truly wonderful gem.
1594744769|4.0|I don't normally read this type of book save for children's books (Harry Potter, Golden Compass, A Wrinkle in Time, etc) but I thought I'd stretch myself a bit.  I'm glad I did, because I liked it.<br /><br />The main character is a teenage boy who's a misfit of sorts.  Who can't identify with that?  When he investigates his favorite grandfather's past, he encounters a group of peculiars and his life takes on new adventures both frightening and kinda funny:  Ymbrynes and time loops.  To be sure, the old black and white photographs enhance the story sort of like a graphic novel.  I was emotionally connected to the characters and after a while forgot that this was a fantasy story (can't everyone make a flame in the palm of their hand?).<br /><br />I will not spoil the ending but I didnt care for the ending like I hoped I would, although I figured out what would happen and hoped it wasn't so.  But it was.  I'm not sure whether I'll follow along with their further adventures, although I am curious about what happens to them, so I may change my mind.<br /><br />There was no indication of any multiculturalism at all, unless you count the fact that the peculiars are different and the main character could be Jewish.  There was a little bit of kissing but no sex so it was totally appropriate for teens and and maybe tweens (if you like them to read scary things).<br /><br />Overall I give it 3 paws and recommend it if you like fantasy.  Do check out the photographs they are an excellent addition to the book.
B004EBUXSA|4.0|I got this at a Physical store in Miami, i bought it cuz i needed to do some serious encoding for some videos i had, and it was pretty fast, still the stock cooler really needs to improve since it cant keep the cpu cool enought when encoding or doing intense Cpu tasks, its so bad that if i am not having any issues its a miracle cuz it makes the temp go about 5 degrees celcius hotter than the max tj intel shows on its site
B0055SWM08|5.0|Such a great game...so simple yet so addictive! Makes time go quickly, and an hour has passed before I even realize it. Worth the money for sure.
B001A50716|4.0|This movie is very different, but it was fun to watch. I would buy it again, and would say it is worth watching. Emir Kustarika is a very creative director, and besides that I worked on this movie as extras casting assistant.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|Being a big game, a lot of these simple phone games do nothing for me. However, Fruit Ninja is very addictive, requires skill to perform well at, and has a lot of unlockables to keep you coming back. A steal at a buck!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Where to begin;<br /><br />New DRM makes it not play on most equipment out there... I have a dozen different players from HTPCs to set top boxes... Only one played them properly, even after updating and waiting a few weeks for even more possible updates... Fox's fault...<br /><br />It was bad enough they changed the original three in the 'special edition'... But they just made them SOOO much worse... I actually cried while watching the original three... RELEASE an 'unedited' version of the originals you film hackers... Stop trying to 'fix' them. They were never broken until you got your grubby hands on them...
B001I0T92Q|5.0|I use this on my PSP 3000 with two microSD Class 10 cards. I am very pleased with this purchase. There is some speed loss with the microSD cards but it is not a problem at all.  Individually, the microSD cards gave me a speed of 14mBps read and 12mBps write. Inside this thing, the speed is around 9mBps read/write.  And as the instructions say, once you put the microSD card in this thing, they can't be read from individually without reformatting. So, I suggest that you put the cards inside, put this inside your camera or PSP, and just leave it in. If you need to read the files on your computer or something, connect the camera or PSP to the computer; do not take out the card and attempt to read it. It might damage the data on it.  If you simply follow the instructions on the small manual, you'll be fine.
B003ZSJ212|4.0|Forget the 1 star reviews whining about \\"this isn't the old school version\\". It never was intended to be, it never will be. Don't like it? Don't buy it. Most of these came from individuals well before the product came out anyways, and shouldn't even be qualified as reviews. That said:<br /><br />I've been a SW fan for years. I STILL remember going to Seattle to see the originals in theater (in the original format, not the new release), and love the series. One of my biggest concerns was that the originals would be 'grainy' or lose picture quality. Not so, and that's a good thing.<br /><br />The sound and video quality on ALL of these is excellent. Of course, I'd expect nothing less from one of the standard bearers in the industry.<br />The special features (to me) were kind of lacking, and many of them in horrible quality video. No worries, I didn't buy the set because of special features, but that does knock it down a bit.<br />The packaging of this product, well, let's just say it's horrible. THIS is how discs get damaged, scratched, printed up. While it was a somewhat decent idea, forcing individuals to grab the discs by the inside of the disc itself (as opposed to grabbing them by the outside of the disc like you should) causes damage to discs. Great for marketing, I guess, I mean you damage a disc, it's got to be replaced, right?
1582701709|5.0|I gave my first copy away because the book is so great. The information helps me every day. If you practice the things they talk about, it will change your life. I wanted another copy to review over and over. I have all of The Secret products.  I highly recommend this book!
B001V7UXG2|5.0|A long-time fan of the P. G. Wodehouse books, I discovered this series on YouTube by accident.  After watching a few episodes and reading a couple of reviews, I decided to buy the series.  I have no regrets.  I was shocked at how well Hugh Laurie captured the character of Bertie Wooster, and Stephen Fry nails Jeeves the valet.  I understand that the quality of the recording is not the greatest, but I haven't noticed it (I don't have a state-of-the-art home theater) and am happy with what I have.
B005LAZIRY|2.0|Very boring put me to sleep..I'm a huge Opeth fan but it sounded like one huge boring song,I'm not a huge growl guy and loved Damantion but this is a disaster
1439181780|5.0|I was ver skeptical about the power and the secret, but went ahead and orderd the vdvd for the secret. After I saw the movie something light up in me. I went ahead and got the cd for the secret. I listen to it everyday in my car while driving and it changed my life. When I saw the power I debated if I should get it, because I thought it might be the samething. I went ahead anyway and got it, my only reget was that I did not get this sooner. It is more advanced than the secret. It really touched me. I now listen to it in my car, at work on my lunch break and at home. I find myself happy all the time now that I know that I can create my own future. Im in control over my life and emotions now. I HAVE THE POWER.
B005HG4C4C|4.0|I've been suspecting for a long time that the influence of Mike Portnoy (as much as I still love the guy) was a driving musical factor as to why the last few DT albums did not sound like DT.  Most bands start off sounding like their influences and eventually find their own sound, while I feel DT has done things backwards.  When they appeared, you could take some educated guesses who they were influenced by, but no one really sounded like them at the time.  The last few albums have been a mix of Opeth, A7F, Pink Floyd, Metallica, Early Genesis, and I can go on and on.  While giving musical shout-outs to your influences is fine in small doses, it drives me nuts when I can pick out the artist and exact song that influenced a band when they're supposed to be writing original material.  That was my biggest gripe with the last 10 years (with the second biggest being backup vocals).<br /><br />With this latest release, I feel a weight lifted.  It's like instead of listening to Master of Puppets and making an album, they listened to Images and Words and made an album.  Better to imitate yourself than someone else, haha!  The guys seem much more focused on songwriting, and making the songs sound coherent and melodic rather than forced.  James Labrie and John Myung are particular standouts on A Dramatic Turn of Events, with Labrie sounding much more into the music, and Myung having more time to shine.  Myung shows his lyric writing chops once again, and it is a welcome relief from \\"The Count of Tuscany\\" tragedy.  Lyrics, as a whole, are better, still not amazing, but I was pleased.  Pettruci and Rudess are solid, and I am glad to hear a little less \\"widily widily weeeeeeee\\" solos from Jordan, although there are a couple. Mike Mangini sounds great, although kind of going through the motions, and the drums seem a bit flat and low in the mix.  I'm anxious to hear what he can bring to the band songwriting wise on their next album.<br /><br />My only WTF? moment came with the Bridges in the Sky burping monk.  Yeah, yeah, I know those guys are supposed to be really awesome, and can have 3 tones at once or whatever, but I wasn't too keen on the intro or ending.  The rest of the song was great though.<br /><br />Overall, I'm very satisfied with A Dramatic Turn of Events, and I am now positive this is a step in the right direction for Dream Theater.
1933952806|5.0|A long review from a tough critic!<br />First off, I am a new DSLR user. Back in my film days, I had a Nikon N90...I was ready to take the plung to digital after more than disappointing results with my photos from the World Equestrian Games the fall of 2010.  A kind soul at one of the shows let me play with her Nikon D300s...it was that point I knew I was ready for a DSLR.  After a month of research, I was convinced I 'needed' the D7000 that was set to release in November 2010...after more research (and reading lots of reviews) I made the purchase of my D7000 in August of 2011 (along with a large wish list that had grown over the months leading up to the DSLR purchase!)...<br /><br />Mastering the D7000 is my third book purchase on the Nikon D7000.  I also have the two books by David Busch (the field guide and the main book Nikon D7000 Guide to Digital SLR Photography).  While these books are nice, and explain the users manual well, they only scratch the surface.  Oh, I do not even know where to start on the awesomeness of Darrell Youngs 'Mastering the Nikon D7000'.<br /><br />This book is hands down, the best of the best.  Each section references the page(es) in the users manual which I really like.  The book also sports a nice index and table of contents.  Each section has a 'thumb-tab' (black edge and chapter number) so you can easily flip through the section. Almost every chapter has a full blank page for notes at the end of the chapter.<br /><br />Darrell gives excellent in-depth explainations of EVERYTHING you could possibly want to know...digging into areas where the David Busch books skimmed over (the David Busch books briefly explained some of the advanced areas, but didn't give any in-depth explaination ---much less an example!).  This book gives personal examples throughout the book and suggestions, even offering his setting for this item (and why he has it set this way).<br /><br />The books has EXCELLENT photos of the menu paths.  Other books have one big picture of the top level menu. This book has at least two and up to six (!), screenshots of the menu path on how to get to the setting and set it!  Where there are multiple screenshots, they are placed horizonally across the screen and numbered to outline the flow (left to right as you would expect).  I love this!!<br /><br />The book is super nice...nice paper, nice color pictures and lots and lots of nice color screenshots of menus!  Nice sized book - 479 pages and small enough to fit in your bag (although the page count does tend to make it a little heavy)<br /><br />The book also uses color coding, numbering and italics/bold....Blue to refer to camera settings, green for functions and settings displayed on the cameras LCD screen, and italics for textual prompts seen on the cameras LCD screen.  I LOVE this feature...it really helps the text 'pop' making the text an easy read.  Darrell also uses outline features: numbering 1,2,3...bullets and alpha a,b,c....this also helps break up the text and makes the text easy to read.<br /><br />I cannot express enough how much I love this book.  I am a hardcore 'book person', and am VERY judgemental when it comes to books and what I like.  When I purchase a book, binding, paper and format are important to me if I am going to read and reread the book...I don't want it to fall apart after light use.<br /><br />Also, I signed up for Nikonian.org, I stumbled upon this site before this book came and was surprised to see forum posts answered by Darrell! This site is the office e-mag site for Nikon photographers....great site, sign up if you aren't already a memeber! This book also has a 50% off coupon for the Gold membership (I actually opted for the cheapy $25 option...you get it free for 30days when you sign up).<br /><br />Buy this book!  If you own/plan on owning a D7000, you NEED this book, or else you are going to be missing features the camera has, that other books neglect mentioning...or explaining how to set up and use!  A 10-star book!  The authors enthusiasm for the Nikon D7000 is clearly shown throughout the book :)<br /><br />Thanks!<br />Ankeghout the book :)  Thanks!  Anke
B005CM9DX6|5.0|I usually take a lot of time writing my reviews when I know they'll be read. I received this album earlier than the release and listened to it non-stop but wasn't ready to review, so I held my tongue and let it settle with me for the week. I did this not because I felt so mixed about the album, I felt its power and beauty from the start. I did this because I was too busy listening and enjoying, I didn't want to discuss it or conceptualize it or anything. I am not a death metal fan, I am not a rock fan, I am not a hip-hop fan, I am not an electronic fan, I am not a post-rock fan... I am a fan of good music, and Opeth is good music. They DEFINE their genre. Heritage is a spectacular observation, with my only qualm being it is too short. Haxprocess is the new pinnacle for an Opeth song as far as I am concerned on 9/24/11, I have listened to it 100 times and I only wish it was 14 minutes long instead of 7 so I can hit replay 50 less times.  I had to write this and put another 5 star up there because this album deserves it. Give it time, there is no doubt it will rise to the height of other stellar music today, matching Deliverance, Black Water Park, My Arms Your Hearse, Still Life etc. in the catalog as well. Opeth never puts out meaningless music. Not a single note have I ever heard as filler. That is why I can list this album among EVERY OTHER and know they are true masters, have continued honing their craft, and Mikaels song writing in particular. It is beyond applaudable. I haven't been touched this much by an Opeth album since my introduction  through The Drapery Falls and Blackwater Park 8 years ago, leaving me with tears in my eyes. The song writing has matured incredibly, and the players are stellar. Metal, Rock, Jazz, Progressive lovers rejoice, Heritage is astounding. Let us just hope it is not Opeth's swan song, this album has literally left my mouth watering for the next release- whenever that may be.
B004EBT5CU|1.0|Again the tonally deaf have allowed themselves to be conned into believing this woman who strains her way through the high notes as though she were constipated is talented. When she attempts to prove she CAN sing and tries to lilt between high and low notes in the same chorus/line she sounds ever more awful and desperate. Then she fails to pronounce \\"HURTS\\" as \\"HURTS\\" opting for \\"URTS\\" in a momentary lapse to her Eastend of London roots, all the more so making for a grating listening experience.  But...if the majority think she is the best talented singer to emerge in years...why not jump on the bandwagon and laud her \\"talent: even though there is none.   That I am afraid is the position of many who are unable to make it through the day without having someone else do the thinking for them. I on the other hand have had my fill and more of this over hyped talent free woman courtesy of Virgin Fm here in Toronto who play her songs with relentless cruelty repeatedly throughout the day that I am not going to even contemplate buying her cd. I know what is in store for me and I thank Virgin Fm which is piped through the speakers here at work for drumming it into my head that this woman simply is unable to sing to save her life.   I hold her boyfriend responsible for leaving her and thereby \\"inspiring\\" her to sit down and pen her sob story into awful songs with which to torture a gullible easily led public. I would not be surprised if by the end of her recording this awful cd she had a bad case of hemorrhoids given her constipated tones. But the tonally deaf and easily led will stream to the stores and buy her cds so they can identify with each other and appear to have musical kudos when in reality they wouldn't know musical talent if it hit them in the face!!! Let's see if we will be talking about Adele a year from now and raving on about her next release...lets see!
B00447G29S|5.0|I bought this to test my 3D TV and it turns out to be very nice. Amazon lost my first order, but the customer service was very nice and did a replacement very quickly.
0316069884|5.0|I cried reading this book. It makes me so very angry that in a \\"civilized\\" nation companies can become filty rich off the misery of others. I have read many books on the subject and continue to be horified. Do you know in this country I can disparge the president  right on the White House lawn but it is illegal to disparge any product by the beef and poultry industry. Almost all murder trials are televised yet it is a federal offense to take a camera into a slaughter house. Even if a drug has been used to treat an illness in another country for 20 years successfully it still cannot be used here until it has gone through extensive testing. Yet the meat and poultry industries can pour completely untested growth hormones right into our food and it's completely legal. The agencies that are suppose to be protecting us have been completely bought out by the usda. What the hell is going on!!!! I became a vegetarian years ago cause I wanted nothing to do with this industry. I just don't know what the difference one person protesting can make. But I guess that's how anything starts. One person at a time waking up.
B004Y1USV2|4.0|I pre-ordered this album, and I'm happy I did. Many songs have a lot of staying power, and I often hear them in my head. I've listened to the album about 30 times now (some individual tracks more than that), and a few sticking points bring me just short of recommending it to, say, people who have never heard Yes.  There's a distinct lack of counterpoint on this album. When backup vocals come in, it's either in dense harmony or the typical repeated phrase filling in until the next utterance by the lead singer. I believe what makes Yes kind of special are the moments where vocal and instrumental counterpoint are featured heavily, such as Close to the Edge, Generator-era Yes, All Good People, etc. Perhaps a lot of that was Jon's influence with his Sun/Son-worship, but those arrangements were totally Chris Squire, and I'm disappointed he didn't have a heavier hand in orchestration. In addition, Bumpy Ride comes across to me as just a series of chord progressions, with one guitar line peeking in once in a while. Surely somebody could have come up with a line that didn't just parrot the syncopated basic progression and made the tune a little more like a roller-coaster or crazy trip on a twisty country road, or the hilarious terror of a plane experiencing turbulence, or a celebration of the difficulties of human interaction - whatever the actual song was meant to convey (because its actual presence is odd and not entirely coherent with the rest of \\"Side 1\\" as it were).  The Opening Suite could have, with just a touch more work, been a much more cohesive unit (and perhaps even a minute or two longer!) - it would not have been very difficult to create musical transitions between the movements, and as such the suite would have been absolutely transcendent. How's about different themes in the Overture other than the backing track from Part III, or themes from later pieces poking their heads in earlier to say hello, or simply playing through from one piece to the next when thetempos are similar? However, I believe they kept it as-is so that individual tracks could be downloaded and listened to without, say, iTunes marking the suite as \\"ALBUM ONLY.\\"  So, there's that.  Alan White is a very good drummer, but he often takes the easy way out, and it's really apparent on this album. He could have done quite a bit rhythmically to heighten both the musical and symbolic motifs throughout with fills and off-kilter drumming, but no - it's bass on one, snare on two, bass on three, snare on four, for most of the album. He's better and more creative than that.  Lyrics were also lacking somewhat - there could have been a bit less forcing on some rhymes and words. Perhaps it's because I'm a stickler for meter, but I absolutely HATE hearing a musical accent on a syllable that would not have that accent in regular speech. It's lazy writing, and some outside collaborator (like the ones Pink Floyd brought in, or whatever) could have been an eye on that kind of stuff. It doesn't have to be crazy-love pseudo-mystical sort-of-nonsense like Jon is wont to write, but it should have proper structure and a coherent framework.  Speaking of lyrics, I can't help but interpret quite a bit of the album as a bitter farewell to Jon (with Into the Storm being the most obvious example) but perhaps I'm merely crazy.  Regardless, however, I think it's their strongest collection of songs since The Ladder (without that album's two or three tracks of filler). It's an LP-length piece, which is great and doesn't overstay its welcome. It's a little pedestrian in places, and I think Trevor Horn could have taken just a few more liberties with production, but on the whole it's certainly a pleasant listen, and a solid companion on morning commutes or evenings at home. Musically, Hour of Need is almost a Nickel Creek song, which is fine with me! Into the Storm is a great back-and-forth (and benefits from Whole-Band writing), several sections of the main suite are really powerful, andit's always good to hear Chris sing lead, as he does on The Man You Always Wanted Me to Be - he has a quality to his voice that is very specific and airy, but supported and grounded.  Okay, so this version of Yes doesn't have Jon Anderson playing the Inner-Child-of-Buddha-within-us-all, but David's range is almost like the voice of Yes coming in for a landing. I sincerely believe they at least have two more good works within them (to continue the flight narrative), traveling to the gate, and arriving at their destination. But for now, I am happy they flew on this journey, even if the scenery wasn't quite as majestic as I would have liked.
B003INBOEM|5.0|Ip Man is the best martial arts movies ever made. Plenty of action in both and a very good story. This man should have been in The Matrix. He was in Blade II but they only used him for one little scene. It's to bad he's gotten a bad taste of American movies. As he doesn't want to do them anymore. They want him in Expendables 2 doubt he will do it. Anyway buy these this movie.
0440178002|5.0|This is as close to a perfect novel as one could want. I've read it every year for the last 20 years and it never ceases to enthrall.
B001MEJY8W|3.0|we watched this film after hearing so much about it and it was ok until the end.  the first half held my attention simply because i wanted to know what if anything was stalking lucy.  once we came to the part of the explaination it got a bit boring.  the movie stated going into a \\"life after death\\" theme with people torturing women (apparently women are more likely to be martyrs than men) so the women could transcend to the afterlife then return and tell themn what it holds...blah blah blah.  the volence is there but i have seen worse (a man beating a woman a few moments each day to beat her into submission).  the violence is more violence than gore.  there is a wee bit of gore in the beginning with the gunshot wounds and blood splatter but after that i don't remember many memorable gore scenes.  the rubber skin suit ana wears looks rather plain and boring.  what lies beyond death was whispered so the viewer never really gets to hear the big secret...i'm guessing this was a leave it up to the viewer to draw the conclusions.  i don't know but it didn't really do much for us.  we popped it out of the dvd player and put in TCM.
B004LWZW42|4.0|In this review, I'm going to highlight the aesthetics of the film. Other people can say something about the plot and mythology, but for me the main plus was the look of the movie. Great costume design has an \\"idea\\" of the 60s without being beholden to the worst in fashion. You also see some set design that is sexy and fun, if not always accurate. Get it for a unique take on that \\"Mad Men\\" look that's been sweeping the country.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I was looking for just this kind of app for all my weather needs.  Has real time radar and accurate temps.  The 5 day forecast is on the spot also.  Takes a little long to load, but may be the Thunderbird.  Best free I've seen so far.
0395645662|4.0|Being a Taiwanese the book of \\"The Giver\\" is a little difficult for me ,but it also attracts me to read more and more....
0385534639|3.0|I heard about this book on the Diane Rhem show on NPR and was intrigued. Ms. Morganstern is an excellent visual writer, and the book is really just a vehicle for that- she said as much in her interview. I look forward to her next novel to see what kind of writer she will ultimately choose to be. This novel comes close to exploring less-than-scintillating themes but is ultimately just a collection of sensations that are not meant to culminate in any sort of worthwhile discovery about anything in the real world. They spoke of a comparison to Harry Potter in the interview- there is no comparison, as she said herself. But the potential is there. I hope she goes for that next level, we already have enough authors exploring macabre and meaningless fantasy.
0321146530|2.0|OK, I understand the need for a simple example to demonstrate the concept, but how much to I have to read about adding, multiplying, and checking equality of dollars and francs before getting to the real meat? Besides, the last time I checked, most compilers were pretty good at floating point arithmetic. It's not as if that's where I spend most of my coding time.  After reading about 30 pages of introductory material I was getting desperate for some real-life examples, especially involving databases. I searched the table of contents, but all the chapters have cute names that give little or no indication of the contents. I checked the index for terms like \\"database\\", \\"entity\\", \\"record\\", \\"query\\" - zero, nada, zilch. But hey, I did learn that it's more important to have an expensive chair than an expensive desk!  I'm sure I can take what I learned in this book and extrapolate it to real-world application development. But if I have to do all the heavy lifting, why do I need a book?
B000GTJT16|1.0|This dvd I got did not work I need a new one. I contacted amazon two weeks ago they refuse to help.
0596805527|5.0|Flanagan's JavaScript Guide is to the professional programmer like the New Oxford Dictionary of English to the English writer: a comprehensive source of vital information. It covers core and client side JavaScript, each with detailed descriptions with examples as well as with an alphabetical reference. The book remains on my desk while I'm programming.
1594744769|4.0|I initially saw this book mentioned in Entertainment Weekly and didn't give it a second glance--it didn't look like the kind of book I usually read.  However, it caught my eye again on the Amazon site and after reading some reviews, I decided to give it a try.  I'm so glad I did!  I enjoyed the way that the author tied the photos in to the storyline--the peculiar children are endearing, and so is the story.  My one complaint is that I felt it ended a bit abruptly.  I would have like a little meatier of an ending.  Still, all in all, a wonderful read.
0062018205|4.0|The book took a little while to get here, compared to the other books that I bought at the same time. But the book got here and it was in great condition.
1423136802|5.0|This paperback collection of the Rick Riordan myth stories is fantastic. My 8 year old son and I are reading them together almost every night. He really enjoys the myths in a modern setting. We are starting to take turns, I read to him and he reads to me. It would be wonderful if this series became his entry to the serial reading stage. I highly recommend the series; however be ready to explain some of the more complex metaphors to younger readers.
B0038BBA4I|5.0|wow, this CD was sooo amazing. I loved every song. I wanted to listen to it over and over again. currently I am forbidding myself to do so, so as not to ruin the CD for myself. But really, it far surpassed all my expectations. I am eagerly awaiting their next release.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|I bought this on a whim and devoured it in a day or so. It's not going to change you life, however i feel that many aspects of the book are relatable when looking back. It was very well paced and kept me on my toes.
0553801473|4.0|Riveting! I'm waiting for his next book to find out what happens to characters in this one. He does know how to write them!
B000DWMYQ8|5.0|AWESOME MOVIE!!! luved it! Was so sad when it was lost! Estatic that I found it on Amazon.com and I was extremely pleased and suprised at how quickly it came!
B0055SWM08|5.0|This is the best and most relaxing puzzle game I've ever played. It gets insanely hard to get gold and that is the best part. It will have you playing for hours. Also great that it can playing landscape mode on my Acer A500.
B002S0OBMS|5.0|I downloaded this entire album from iTunes several months ago.  After I listened to the entire soundtrack the first time, I was on the fence whether or not I liked it.  Then I found the screenplay and read it.  Then I listened to the entire soundtrack a second time.  I was hooked!!!!!  Of course it's not the same as POTO, this musical takes place on Coney Island versus Paris.  The whole feel is very different....but there's a haunting similarity as well.  My 7 year old daughter and I LOVE it.  She totally got into POTO when she was just 4 years old and is also a fan of LND.  We took her, at age 4, to the Orpheum in San Francisco to see POTO live.  I hope I will have the opportunity to do the same with LND.  Great musical!!!!!!!
B0058VW36U|4.0|Love the game, but the update w/Toy Box wiped out all progress and sent me back to the beginning. Luckily the game is fun, but I'm seriously cheesed.
B003Y3MYYU|3.0|Maybe I'll be out of mainstream, but I think that Bohm's Ring high reputation (second after Solti) is unjustified. Bohm's manner of conducting is too fast for me. That's definitely not an advantage to the music especially when the orchestra sounds very thin (at least on these CDs). As a result we have blurred and messy interpretation with all beauties of Wagner's score driven out.   Vocal soloists are overall good or at least acceptable, but for me the major disappointment was Nilsson - her voice is unfocused, singing is blank and uninvolved, void of depth and nuances.
0061997811|5.0|I actually bought two of them, the first one goes to my grandson and he loves it. The second will be stored for future enjoyment by everyone. Alot of really cool items to look at that really look great.
B0055V6EZE|5.0|This was SUCH fun to listen to!!  Since I am a huge fan of the actor Hugh Laurie and the TV show \\"House\\" there was no doubt in my mind that I would order this CD rather than down load the MP3 version.  I am amazed at this truly multi talented and yet humble man.  The accompanying flyer of the CD contains a funny introduction by Laurie himself.  This is so NOT the average CD and is fast becoming one of my all time favorites which I have already played many times and recommended to friends.  Keep it coming Hugh!!  And Amazon, thank you again for such an affordable price.  The blues music is foot tapping, hip swaying great.  WOW!  What a find!!  Go get it yourself.
B005G4TJI4|2.0|EDIT: If there's one good thing about this movie...Scott Krinsky makes a cameo! Yay!<br /><br />So there's this one part where the Autobots get in a ship to leave Earth at the demand of the Decepticons, to avoid a war. But as the ship is leaving, the Decepticons destroy it. Oh noes! The Decepticons destroy most of Chicago, killing a whole lot of people. But it turns out that the Autobots faked their death, they had never intended to leave! So all those deaths could have been prevented! They could have just fought the villains head-on! Wait...WTF?!<br /><br />*Ahem*...Okay, so Dark of the Moon is the best Michael Bay Transformers movie so far. The dialogue is a bit better; there's nothing like the mind-numbingly bad college scenes or the character Leo Spitz from Revenge of the Fallen. The acting is a bit better; instead of Megan Fox we have Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, who's actually pretty okay (there's this one part where she says that Megatron is a certain other robot's biatch...to his face!), and Shaia Labeouf is over the top in a way that's kinda convincing and seems to make sense for the Sam Witwicky character. There are less shenanigans; the movie is focused on its plot, knows what it's about. The cinematography is good; I could actually understand what was happening in the action scenes and there were some pretty cool shots of the sundered world. The 3D is good; especially the parts with Shockwave. And Megan Fox isn't in it.<br /><br />So that's great and all, but here's a problem for you: I just didn't care. I mean I didn't care about anything that was going on in this movie. The Decepticons have yet another plan for world domination, and to beat them there's a lot of fighting to be done. Many Transformers die. But I didn't care about them, because they've never been able to develop personalities. Are you even keeping track of who these guys are? Starscream is never actually called by his name. Soundwave is in like, one scene. Say, was that Ratchet? I see grey parts flying in every direction, not the deaths of characters. One of the only Transformers I came to like was George Coe as Cue the Autobot scientist. The Human characters aren't any better, either.<br /><br />Some of the action sequences drag on and on. The falling skyscraper part comes to mind. Then there's the part where Sam fights Starscream. There's such an insane amount of flailing metal in that one, it's hard to believe that the squishy little Human is still alive. But there are sections with Shockwave and the tentacle thing and parts where Optimus is flying that were great. Combined with the 3D, it really felt like you were zooming through the air.<br /><br />By movie's end there has been so much destruction and so many Transformers have died that it's hard to see the series going on from here. And nothing very special happend over the course of the film (like character development, closure to the series, etc.). Villains came, they saw, and they got their asses kicked. Yeah, it's hard to see the series going on, but it will. There's money to be made.<br />4 out of 10parts flying in every direction, not the deaths of characters. One of the only Transformers I came to like was George Coe as Cue the Autobot scientist. The Human characters aren't any better, either.<br /><br />Some of the action sequences drag on and on. The falling skyscraper part comes to mind. Then there's the part where Sam fights Starscream. There's such an insane amount of flailing metal in that one, it's hard to believe that the squishy little Human is still alive. But there are sections with Shockwave and the tentacle thing and parts where Optimus is flying that were great. Combined with the 3D, it really felt like you were zooming through the air.<br /><br />By movie's end there has been so much destruction and so many Transformers have died that it's hard to see the series going on from here. And nothing very special happend over the course of the film (like character development, closure to the series, etc.). Villains came, they saw, and they got their asses kicked. Yeah, it's hard to see the series going on, but it will. There's money to be made.<br />4 out of 10
B005NUFX68|5.0|I love Doctor Who.  I've liked every season for differently reasons.  The evolution of the writing is what I find most appealing...you never know what you're going to get or what's coming next...  I hope Doctor Who stay for many many seasons to come!:)
B0055SWM08|5.0|this is the best puzzle game available!  easy yet challenging and addictive!  nice music.. .relax and play for a bit
B004DLPXAO|5.0|App is great! It automatically updates to your existing Kindle and its easy to read with. You can adjust the text size and the background color.
B004LP601S|5.0|I love Panic at the disco music', and this cd is not the exception of how great they're. You will not regret buying it, can't decide what's my favorite song yet haha
B004HO6I4W|5.0|This is a great movie and a wonderful collectable product.  The only thing I didn't like was that the digital copy didn't work in my country.
B0040ZA2D6|5.0|I have the cd two months ago and is still playing in the car all mornings! haha, love their music :)
B005CM9DX6|5.0|I wasn't hundred per cent sure on what to expect from Heritage. However, upon receiving it, I must say that:  1. This is a completely new world. You can tell Opeth is still Opeth, Mendez on the bass did an outstanding job and the concept of the album itself was mind blowing from beginning to end. It is not like anything I've heard before from this band and they are making me fall in love with progressive again;  2. It was definitely worth paying the extra bucks for the art and for the extra DVD. On it's entire splendor, this is the best purchase I've ever made.   I'm surprised by every detail on the composition of the album, as well as on the design of the box (the hologram on the cover was a very nice touch).   Recommended as the best album you could get in a long time.  Thanks again, Opeth.
B00129H7VS|5.0|No point rehashing what has already been said.  This mini-series is the best 10 hours of television ever put on film, and it will never (and I'm sayin' never-thanks, Chris Rock) be eclipsed by anything else. Period. (this is hard for me because I don't agree with Hanks or Spielberg's politics, but in this case you can't argue with perfection).  As far as the product and the seller, I would certainly do business with them again.  I read that someone got the wrong edition of the product, but apparently this seller learned from their mistake, and $40 for Blu-Ray was simply ridiculous! Thanks!!
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I love this game. I own on 3 platforms. Nothing helps the commute like a quick game of Plants vs. Zombies.
1933952806|5.0|This is another in Darrell Young's excellent series of books.  His skill in deciphering the camera manual's gibberish is unmatched by any other author of camera guides.  He fully explains each menu option, but more than that he explains the implications of making certain settings.  I also appreciate that he offers his recommendations for settings, along with his reasoning for making those recommendations.  Buy this book and throw the camera manual in a drawer somewhere - you won't need it any more.
B000RZIGVS|4.0|Well i ordered one of this sets lets see what i get. It hasnt arrived yet im making a comment on the series. I will update upon its arrival and inspection. Briefly this is Star Trek TNG you dont necessarily have to be a Trekie to enjoy this. I dont really consider myself a Trekie as I dont particularly care for the other Star Trek series Voyager/Deep Space (maybe the original). Moving on the first season starts off slow and although it has its moments its a little on the Eh side. The series kicks off on the second season and i just enjoy the plots an story lines and the acting. For a point in time the series focused too much on Wesley. This went on a little too far as it seem he was always saving the day. Eventually though this is curtailed. Off hand out of the 176 episodes (178 if you count the last two) I could say maybe 20 or so where Ho-Hum most in the first season. I remember when it was canceled i was upset. An eight season was suppose to commence and i wish it did. Instead Paramount decided to focus on movies with the crew and Deep Space which was cheaper to produce. By then the main cast where established actors which would of prompted more money higher cost per episode and less profit for them. Urban legend has it that Patrick Stewart wanted out and was becoming difficult to work with. How much of this is true and had to do with the series cancellation would never be known. I know this sounds a little funny but it helps puts me to relax and helps put me to sleep easier after i watch an episode. They recently pulled the series off my local station and ive been a little distraught they did that. I decided to take a plunge and get the series. Now i have never purchased a complete series of anything and very rarely do i buy DVD. Just to let you know how much i enjoy watching the series in general. I do believe I have watched it in its entirety at most maybe missed an episode or two. I will update when i receive the set. So far i hear its really put together cheaply.  * Small update the seller canceled the order said he was expecting a shipment that did not arrive.  * Update order another set this one was a fake. The seller did refund all monies. Ordered a used individual box set. Should be arriving in about 2 days. Keeping fingers crossed...  *Update ordered the individual box sets complete for a good price. It arrived today this is the real deal folk. The seller included everything that came with it all the inserts etc. All the boxes where in tact and in great shape. I visually examined the discs and other than some minor surface imperfections all appears fine. I manage to get a pretty good deal in the end.
0792164903|5.0|It is 1799 in Sleepy Hallow. Peter Van Garrett (Martin Landau) has just written a very important letter and sealed it in red wax with his symbol stamped on it.<br /> His driver rides him in a horse carriage in the darkness of night on a road that cuts through a corn field. Peter sees a scarecrow with a pumpkin head on it. Peter is worried enough on this night. he thought they were alone, but suddenly he sees a horseman riding past him followed by the sound of a sword. Peter looks out his window and sees his driver has been decapitated. The scared horses are running wild. Peter jumps out of his carriage. he runs in the cornfield where he meets his doom.<br />  In New York City, the Burgomaster (Christopher Lee) sends Ichabod Crane to the dutch farming community of Sleepy Hallow to investigate the bodies there. Ichabod is told of the legend of Hessian Horseman (Christopher Walken) who fought many men wildly chopping their heads off with his sword. His own death, 20 years ago, was given by his own sword the same way.<br />  Now 20 years later, it appears the headless horseman has returned upon his wild, black horse and is after the Van Garrett family and the people of Sleepy Hallow.<br /><br /> Directed by Tim Burton. Executive Producer Francis Ford Coppola.<br /><br /> From Paramount Pictures and Mandalay Pictures.<br /><br />  Also in the cast: Christina Ricci, Miranda Richardson, Michael Gambon, Casper Van Dien, Jeffrey Jones, Richard Griffiths, Ian McDiarmid, Michael Gough, Marc Pickering, Steve Waddington, Joao Costa Menezes.<br /><br /> Rated &#34;R&#34;. DVD Running Time: 1 hour, 45 minutes.<br /><br /> Rick Heinrichs and Peter Young won the Academy Award for Best Art Direction.<br />  Nominations also given for Best Cinematography and Costume Design.<br /><br /> Shown in Widescreen.<br /><br /> Option of Language in English (Dolby Surround, 5.1 Surround), French.<br /> Option of Subtitles in English.<br /><br /> Teaser Trailer, Theatrical Trailer, Behind the Legend Featurette, cast & crew interviews, photo gallery, cast bios.<br /><br />  Audio Commentary with Tim Burton.<br /><br />Also see:<br /><br /> The Legend of Sleepy Hallow (1949), also known as, [[ASIN:B00004R99Y The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad (Disney Gold Classic Collection)]] (1949-Walt Disney Productions).<br /><br /> The Legend of Sleepy Hallow (1972)<br /><br /> The New Misadventures of Ichabad Crane (1979-tvm)<br /><br /> [[ASIN:6303269915 The Legend of Sleepy Hollow [VHS]]] (1980-tvm) Starring Jeff Goldblum.<br /><br />Sleepy Hallow tv series (FOX, 2013-17).turette, cast & crew interviews, photo gallery, cast bios.<br /><br />  Audio Commentary with Tim Burton.<br /><br />Also see:<br /><br /> The Legend of Sleepy Hallow (1949), also known as, [[ASIN:B00004R99Y The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad (Disney Gold Classic Collection)]] (1949-Walt Disney Productions).<br /><br /> The Legend of Sleepy Hallow (1972)<br /><br /> The New Misadventures of Ichabad Crane (1979-tvm)<br /><br /> [[ASIN:6303269915 The Legend of Sleepy Hollow [VHS]]] (1080-tvm) Starring Jeff Goldblum.
B00000099Y|5.0|After the great \\"Undertow\\" (1993) Tool have finally arrived at their absolute top level. Although \\"Aenima\\" may not be quite as good as \\"Lateralus\\" (2001), this album is an unbelievable experience and a must listen for everyone who can relate to the progressive genre in any way.   The standout songs are the first and the last. While \\"Stinkfist\\" is a deeply touching emotional rollercoaster, \\"Third Eye\\" is an atmospheric, surreal journey through a jungle of sounds. \\"Pushit\\" is also very important and the most progressive song we find on this album.  Some people are confused about the interludes. There are quite a lot (if you count \\"(-) Ions\\", it's six of them) and some are really disturbing (\\"Die Eier von Satan\\" being one of the strangest I've ever heard). I don't think they hinder the flow though. They rather provide some rest that you should use to strengthen yourself before the next unforgetable song streams into you. I respect the interludes as a part of the overall experience that I wouldn't want to miss.   In the end, this album is like a human being. It consists of different complementary elements: derangement, harmony, frustration, calmness, depression, hope - or simply: emotions. Tool gives you \\"Aenima\\" as the tool to explore yourself and mankind. Use it.
1844487172|5.0|I love ribbon embroidery,and got this book so that I could get ideas for making my daughter's wedding sash.  It is fabulous, and has lots of great techniques and ideas.  If nothing else, the photographs are absolutely beautiful! Anyone who likes stitching and ribbon needs this book!
B000EULJLU|5.0|\\"10,000 Days\\" is the Tool album that had to grow the most on me as it might be the most complicated one. And it's a concept album. Those need time and love. I remember having it for a long time until I could finally grasp it. I'm so glad it happened.  And now I know the terrain. Follow me so that you won't get lost. Our journey starts with \\"Vicarious\\" that is the most accessible song on this album. It teaches us something we already know but does it well. Now that we remember who we are, let's get to know \\"Jambi\\" who is one of my favorites. He is not easy to control, he has a breakout every now and then, but he will calm down with time and finally - shine. I feel we're heading for the swamps now. It's getting rainy and someone might sink in the bogs as we will spend a lot of days here. \\"Wings for Marie\\" and \\"10,000 Days\\" are the two songs (that might as well be one) I had the most problems with. They are very slow, melancholic and hard to get into. But after a while I got to know them better and all that remained was beauty. Now we are ready to get out of the pond and move on to \\"The Pot\\" that has some strange tones in the beginning but evolves to being absolutely fantastic. After a little break with a \\"Lipan Conjuring\\" we approach (with the aid of our \\"Lost Keys\\") the central monument of our trip: \\"Rosetta Stoned\\". This song is an outstanding, incomparable work of art. It has some of the most intriguing vocals and mesmerizing riffs that I have ever experienced. The breakout at 8.35 min. is the greatest moment on our voyage. You should take a picture. Otherwiese we can't be sure if we were really here or if it was all just a dream. It's good that Tool gave us some time now to handle the aftermath of \\"Rosetta Stoned\\" with another trouble song of mine: \\"Intension\\". While it is a very atmospheric piece and we might need it to gather energy for our final climb to the summit, it can't really stand out because \\"Right in Two\\" awaits us at the top of the mountain. Now we are close...so close...why giving them a thumb...the monkeys will kill each other in the end...they will. And we fall. At last we arrive and hit the bottom. Don't skip the winds of \\"Viginti Tres\\" and listen to the end of the world. I would show you a nice way home now but there is none anymore.
B002M9WW30|5.0|Just like the title says. This is the best collection to date. The picture is very good, the audio is very good. Tons of extra features to keep you occupied. If you love the Rocky movies, you must get this!
B00005B36H|5.0|This is the best album in existence. This is the Olymph of music. After this, there will be nothing. Before this, there was nothing.  I can't really put into words what this album did to me. Hard to tell how many hours I spent walking around the streets at night, only accompanied by my headphones and \\"Lateralus\\". This album is an experience. Nothing to listen to while doing something else. Every tone is special.  Nearly impossible to pick favorite tracks here. \\"The Grudge\\", \\"The Patient\\", \\"Parabola\\", \\"Lateralus\\" and \\"Reflection\\" are all as good as songs can be but everything else is absolutely great too.   I beg everyone who reads this to give this album a serious try. The songs are all pretty long and complicated and that's why it might take a while until they've grown on you (I think it took me about a year or so). But I tell you, if they finally have, you will see music with different eyes.
1584282584|3.0|DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK. It is not simple. It is not easy to understand. It presumes your knowledge base is at a certain level. DO NOT get this if you are a BEGINNER. I'm sure this is a VERY GOOD BOOK on flash, but there are no simple instructions. There are no walk throughs. I would not have bought this if I knew it was so wordy. I expected something more along the lines of Understanding Exposure, which gives you very simple instruction.   Again, I'm talking to BEGINNING PHOTOGRAPHERS exclusively. I gave this a medium score, only because I can't really assess it properly. But that's my shorcoming, not the book's. From what I can tell this is an excellent and informative book.
B000000993|4.0|This album is not highly praised as \\"Aenima\\" (1996) and \\"Lateralus\\" (2001). However, I think it's almost as good. I feel that each Tool album has its own, unique atmosphere: \\"Aenima\\" sounds aggressive, frustrated and yet very sad and fragile at times. \\"Lateralus\\" is just emotionally overwhelming (Forgive me but I can't phrase it any better. No words can describe this album adequately as it delivers the greatest experience you can have with music). In contrast to those big and epic albums, \\"Undertow\\" feels somewhat dry or simplistic.   It's pretty hard to describe what I mean. Sometimes this album feels as if the sound would come through the wall of your room because it's your neighbour that is playing it. Not that much is going on in these songs but the riffs and melodies just fit very well. My favorites are \\"Intolerance\\", \\"Prison Sex\\", \\"Undertow\\" (which might be the strongest) and \\"4°\\". \\"Crawl Away\\" and \\"Flood\\" are the weaker tracks.  On this album, Tool are starting to shift towards their progressive side. In terms of songwriting, \\"Undertow\\" is a lot more mature than \\"Opiate\\" (1992) but it still feels like the prologue to what was yet to come. It is a slightly flawed but yet very important release by one of the greatest bands this world has seen. Tool have almost fully developed their potential here.
B000O14VAU|4.0|There were many things that made this movie great (and highly underrated) when it first came out. The soundtrack & special effects were fairly good, the fight scenes nice but reminiscent of the Matrix, the acting was decent - if a little trite. The plot was unique - not many movies out there have vampires VS werewolves (in this movie known as the \\"Lycans\\", for Lycanthropes: an incorrect term anyway, but it works) as their plotline, other than the old B-movies. The men (Speedman, Brolly & Sheen) and women are gorgeous: you should watch this movie if for nothing else than eye candy alone!<br />One of the main things I liked about this movie was its originality. Bullets invested with silver nitrate, the idea of \\"death dealers\\", the mixed bloodlines & all it entailed, the costumes (especially the vamp ones: Amelia's outfit was excellent), the realistic feel. Some of the movie could have been more developed - Beckinsale's relationship with Kraven and Michael, Marcus' character/role, etc. Fans of the comic (pretty true to the screen version) are given a little more info & the sequel is in production, complete with more Marcus info. Highly recommended!
B005LY4B0A|5.0|this game is only there to mock those of average intelligance, average and lower. it starts off feeling easy and the next thing you know, your best bug friend has become a snack for that greedy hungry spider. im tired of it eating not only my friends but me as well. i hate spiders, especially the ones that can out smart me.
B000035Z3K|5.0|Obviously, the classic vampire movie! As you may already know, several famous elements often associated with Dracula are not visible in this film (i.e. no fangs or vampire neck mark). Other cliche items are visible though: the cape, suave brooding man, etc. Though not true to Bram Stoker's version (due to the Depression, Universal did not have enough money for an epic and opted to adapt the Hamilton Deane stage play), this movie set the scene for the quiessential vampire, as different from Murnow's version of Nosferatu as a character could get.
B004ZQBOK0|3.0|Okay, so don't call me a hater or anything, as what I'm about to say is truth in every word. This album is somewhat (a LOT) more generic and not anywhere near as emotional as We Stitch These Wounds. You could tell that Andy poured his soul into the that album, and by comparison this one seems more like a the-producer-took-us-in-a-\\"new direction\\" type of album. I understand that Andy had said that he wanted to bring visual-y rock to a broader audience like some of the bands he used to listen to (i.e KISS), but really? I really didn't like this one as much.<br />That's not to say there aren't a few good tracks on this album though. I personally liked Fallen Angels, Love Isn't Always Fair and Saviour.
B0018CWESK|4.0|My feelings about this movie are mixed. On the one hand, I think that the accents/acting were a bit too much. The vampire brides, while looking pretty cool, were as annoying to me as Star Wars' Jar Jar Binks. I liked the special effects & soundtrack, as well as the blending of classics in a homage to movie monsters (Frankenstein, Hyde, Dracula, Wolfman, etc). The plot was decent, the characters overblown, & Hugh Jackman makes a very convincing hero as always. Kate's character was a bit too over the top, though I do think she is normally a good actor...maybe it was just that her accent that was a little too thick & hollywood-ish.<br />For the girls out there, the eye candy was nice: Hugh Jackman, David Wenham, Richard Roxburgh & Will Kemp (VERY funny!) kept me entertained when the females did not. I liked the steampunk-esque costumes, the sets were amazing, and the special features on the DVD are cool - worth a look.
B002ZG976U|5.0|Awesome movie!  I'm not a big Christina Aguilera fan, but the songs are awesome, the story is (somewhat) plausible, and Cam Gigandet is HOT!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I highly recommend this series for anyone to read. The entire series is extremely well written and leaves the reader unable to put the book down....and in those rare cases when they separate themselves from the book, it's all they can think about. It reminds me a lot of The Giver. Enjoy!
B001DF68MA|5.0|I love this bike seat, and so does my 3 year old. We take rides all the time, and he is so engaged, and I can actually hear and respond to him without taking my eyes of the road or speaking loudly. It took about 20 minutes to put together and you can use your bike without the seat as well.
B003V4AK8E|1.0|I play MW2 constatly there is nothing like a xbox360 controller, I had really high hopes for this product I play on PS3 on certain days when I have friends that are on there so its hard for me to adjust. I had way to much lag on both of the analog sticks in the sense of sensitivity and not increasing it in the game settings but actually on the controller that makes it unrealistic for me to use.
B005COO1X6|5.0|Simply classic Stephen King. A good read. A short version of Christine. With the Kindle version, there is a good bit of a preview of his Nov 22 book coming out in Nov 2011.
B001EIOOV8|5.0|One of the greatest movies of all times period! Great acting by all! And the bluray quality is nice too! The bonus materials are also a nice addition!
B0042KZJR8|5.0|Love this two disc set, even though there are a couple of repeat songs.  He's great listening any time! I keep one in the car and one at home!
B004U52VPS|4.0|We bought this game for our 5 year old's Angry Birds party. While it's early days yet, it's proven to be very popular with him and his friends. The slingshot is a little lame, but at least we don't have deadly birds flying through the house. Building the block structures takes the most time. While I can't really give it a good rating for educational, it does provide some engineering practice to build walls and geometry problems in figuring out what strength to pull the slingshot back. I might be reaching here :). Overall, it's a fun little game that's better than having them sit in front of a screen.
B003OF3R0S|5.0|This is now my second favorite Avenged album behind City of Evil.  (I have not heard Sounding the Seventh, yet, so cannot comment on that one).  You can hear in this album that it was on track to be more like City of Evil than their most recent self-titled effort (which I thought was flat, muddied, and overall kind of boring).  Then, somewhere that I'm not sure you can pinpoint, the album changes because of the tragedy that happened.  The songs become instrumentally (if not vocally) more reflective, introspective, and sad.  The album really mirrors the band's emotions, from the excitement clearly heard at the start of this project, to the sadness that comes through the music after the loss of their friend and bandmate.  When you know what happened during the making of this album it is amazing they were able to finish it, and that it would turn out this good.  It is a slower, quieter album overall.    We know why.
1935670913|5.0|I bought the eBook and devoured it. Then, after getting my own books ready for the world I decided that I needed a physical book to highlight, underline and be my overall marketing bible. John Locke - what a guy for sharing his proven system! I'll be putting his information to the test within one week! - Dawn Ireland, author [...] The Puppy Baby Book and Mastering Your Money.
B0009I7NNA|5.0|My favorite Avenged album so far.  I first heard of Avenged through youtube with 2 songs, Bat Country, and A Little Piece of Heaven.  Bat Country was interesting, and Piece of Heaven was just so over the top that I had to start checking them out further.    So, researching them on youtube and in reviews I checked out their self-titled album first.  It was kind of...  blah.  A couple of pretty good songs, but that's about it.  Then, I tried City of Evil.    Wow!  I'm an old-school hard-rock and metal fan going back to Metallica, Megadeth, old Scorpions (Uli-Roth era), Jane's Addiction, etc...  City of Evil blew me away with how awesome it was.  And I read all of the controversy about the change of singing style between Fallen and City.  But, that was fine with me.  Honestly, I can't stand screaming vocals.  Sounds like a rabid sea lion on heroin.  Instrumentally, Fallen is raw, hard, and really wicked.  The barking vocals kill it for me, though.  So, City works for me.    City of Evil:  Great harmonized vocals.    Amazing guitar solos.  Awesome drums that are frantic, rough, and raw.  Which is the one element missing with the new percussion in Nightmare.  Mike Portnoy is... the only way to put it is that he is so perfect in his timing that it almost sounds like a drum machine at times.  Like it was programmed.  Not real.)  And the tempo of the album is pretty much high speed adrenaline from start to finish.  Amazing album.  Check it out if you like amazing guitar hard rock / heavy metal.  Don't pick it up if you like screaming vocals).
0783225792|5.0|Casino stars Robert De Niro as the manager of a prestigious Vegas casino; Sharon Stone as his booze/drug addicted wife; and Joe Pesci as De Niro's 30-year friend and fortune-seeker who comes to Vegas with high hopes and dreams of making it big, of course the underhanded way! Casino also has a supporting cast of many other fine notables.<br />Casino gives the audience a realistic view into the operations of a prestigious Vegas casino, as well as, a glimpse into the seedy side and underbelly of Las Vegas, played to perfection by the film's stars and supporting cast! Casino provides drama and action along the way, and it also graphically depicts in realistic, true-to-life form the consequences when someone breaks the rules or gets out of hand!<br />If you enjoy films which have a mob/maffia type of flavor to them, coupled with the glitter and excitement of Las Vegas as viewed from \\"behind-the scenes\\", then you will undoubtedly enjoy Casino! The film runs nearly 3 hours long, but every dramatic, exciting, and interesting minute is enjoyable. No matter whenever or how many times I see the movie (which has been at least 10 times already), it has never become a bore or tiring, and I always enjoy watching it!<br />De Niro and Stone are superb ... and of course Pesci is always an absolute treat!
B002IFT1ZA|4.0|The very first episode is what caught my attention. We get a glimpse of some scary creatures and dead that come back to life, so i was really excited to see what happened next. After episode 1 however, we never see the creatures again. Oh their talked about, a lot, but that's it, just talk. Don't get me wrong i really liked the show, it kept my attention. 2 of my favorite characters die so I'm bummed that i won't be seeing them in season 2. I'm interested in finding out more about Kalhesi and the dragons though. Overall it's a great show
B004SKIPXW|4.0|I'll start off by saying that this movie is not for everyone. First, you need to have a tolerence for Nicholas Cage -- I don't mind the guy, but I know a lot of people can't stand him. If you're in this group, don't even bother with the movie.<br />This is also not a movie that you expect a reasonable plot from -- you need to be \\"OK\\" (and preferably enjoy) over the top movies that don't make sense at times.<br /><br />If you're okay with that, you'll probably like Drive Angry.<br /><br />My issue with the film itself is that it seemed to be going for a modern over-the-top exploitation/grindhouse type film (something like Planet Terror, the Crazy 88's scene in Kill Bill, or Machine Girl), but it just never reaches that level. Reading the amazon.com editorial review on the product page, it sounds like this is one of the most over-the-top films out there, filled with insane explosions, sex and violence throughout. There are parts in it that just fall flat or could have been so much better. Overall I'd give it about a 3.5/5 for the movie. If you're going to make a movie like that, you've gotta go \\"all out\\" as the storyline alone isn't going to win any awards. Would a \\"toned down\\" Planet Terror be as entertaining?<br /><br />The 2-disc Blu-Ray 3D combo contains a 3D Blu-Ray (3D-only) with no extras and a Blu-Ray 2D with commentary, deleted scenes and more. Somewhat plain for a newer release, and I would have liked to see some more behind the scenes stuff than what's on it.<br /><br />Both discs are in 1080p, 1.78:1 and have DTS-HD Master Audio which sounds great!<br /><br />The 3D in this movie works well -- it was filmed natively in 3D (meaning it wasn't shot in 2D and converted) so it looks much more natural and shows more depth. I didn't find any ghosting in it, but I'm using a newer 3DTV (Panasonic DT30). Most of the movie uses depth - different layers seeming to go deep into the TV, but there are quite a few \\"pop out\\" scenes (including the usual gimmicks you're used to, like flipping a coin up towards the camera so it flies towards you). I thought these made the 3D presentation even more enjoyable, and it was nice to see them use a number of these throughout (opposed to just depth, and 1 or 2 popouts in the movie). The 2D presentation also looks very good, but if possible you'll want to watch it in 3D.t flies towards you). I thought these made the 3D presentation even more enjoyable, and it was nice to see them use a number of these throughout (opposed to just depth, and 1 or 2 popouts in the movie). The 2D presentation also looks very good, but if possible you'll want to watch it in 3D.
0439023521|4.0|I found the first two chapters a bit of a slow start.... Just as I thought the average rating wasn't deserved, the pace started picking up and my mind was transported to unimaginable and brutal world. A story which makes you want to believe that humanity can overcome anything.. Peeta's sentiment that he did not want to lose him, resonated deeply with me. Loved it and will definitely be purchasing book 2!
B00133KFGW|5.0|Louis Connelly, an Irish musician burned out on music and Lyla Novacek, a professional cellist, share a chance magical evening. The result is a child who the father does not know exists and the mother believes died stillborn in a car accident. In reality, the child was put up for adoption by the mother's controlling father. Now, years later, the boy August Rush is searching for parents that do not even know he exists. August, a musical prodigy who can hear music in the random sounds of everyday life, is convinced he can use his remarkable musical talent to reunite himself with the parents he has never known. He has a chance encounter with his father (neither knows who the other is) and both play guitars in a scene reminiscent of \\"Dueling Banjos\\" in Deliverance. In the latter half of the movie, the mother finds out from her father that her baby did not die in the car accident and she goes looking for him. But how can mother and son be reunited when neither knows the others name or location? Love of music will draw the father, the mother and the lost son together in one magical moment in space and time.   Yes, the movie is unrealistic. Yes, it has fairy tale elements. Yes, it is a combination of Oliver Twist (young orphan travels to London and meets the Artful Dodger, leader of a gang of pickpockets) and Harry Potter (young wizard orphan in search of knowledge about his dead parents). But the movie works to pull you in. The musical scenes are magical. This is a feel good movie with a happy ending. If that is your kind of movie, you will love this film.
079073804X|5.0|What I hate the most is how you can only buy the extended version in stores. This is just the original movie: no frills, just right. The movie is great what with the direction and editing, but I'm glad I could get this version as opposed to something gratuitous. And man, did I get it at a great deal! I bought it for three dollars, and it's basically new.
B003EYVXT6|1.0|I did finish the movie, but it was only rallying my willpower.  What a mess! Awful story - recycled from much better movies - done in by embarrassingly bad performances by the leads. If this was not all about a paycheck I'd be surprised.  I'm VERY easily entertained by Sci-Fi stories so it takes a lot for me to hate one as much as I hated this film.
B0058EBNAO|4.0|Great for those who obsessively check the weather. It will warn you about air quality and Ozone levels. Does as a advertised.
0451169514|5.0|I read this book twice and I don't often read books twice. I love the complexity of the characters, a must in my view for the reader to care what happens in the story and which shows a depth of emotional understanding from King. Combined with the 'creepiness' of Derry, makes this a rare read. King pulls off something few can, and that is to draw humour from horror. Yes, some might complain that he goes on a bit at times, but I feel King has vital things to say about what frightens us, and why leave them unsaid? In my view, one of the greatest horror books of modern times.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|What an awesome game. I loved it on my computer, and love it on my phone. O course there are minor differences, but that's pretty much expected when porting over to phone. All in all, definitely worth it. Evo 3D.
B003Y5H4SY|3.0|Suspenseful movie, but it starts out a bit ridiculous. The narrator starts by saying his mother used to tell him a story about the devil coming to earth to torture lost souls and it starts with a suicide. What kind of demented mother would tell her son this kind of story? Sometimes M. Night jumps right past logic. But otherwise, this movie is worth viewing and does keep you guessing until the end.
B000007XUQ|5.0|I have a lot of Christmas albums of varied types; from traditional to jazz. This album is the first to be played and the last; simply stated IT'S Great. They will last forever.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|This dvd is an absolute must have for any MJ fan. It shows how very talented this man was in singing, dancing, producing, etc. He certainly contributed to every aspect of entertainment. Michael, may you rest in peace. Love you forever.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Great game. Very fun and challenging levels. Good scaling of difficulty and things are introduced at a steady pace. Worth the affordable price
1444710338|5.0|My husband and I bought this book and have been following the diet for 3 weeks. We have both lost weight.This is a very easy to follow diet and we would recommend this book to everyone, especially those who have had a hard time with other diets
B000V1Z8KK|5.0|This movie was great! I love a good action movie where the good guys win with a lot of action in between. Had my attention from the very beginning all the way to the end. THIS IS A MUST WATCH FOR ACTION MOVIE WATCHERS!! YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!
1600240003|2.0|CD unnabridged/Thriller: I thought this reading was abridged because it was only five CDs.  However, it is just a really short book. This is my first Connelly book and it was a disappointment. It is really simple, too simple. There is no character development and it seem like Connelly phoned it in to his editor.<br />The narrator should stay away from audiobooks. I am sure he is a good actor, but he has no upper register. Therefore he cannot do female voices. Everyone but Bosch, his partner and maybe a few others have a raspy voice. The victim's wife, 20-year old male, Rachel, and several others, all have sound like little old men trying to get words out.
1609611543|5.0|This book is absolutely excellent - highly recommended. Run, don't walk, to order it! A book for everyone, a real learning experience, great information. Wheat has been permanently asked out of our house, and we're already seeing the positive effects! (Lost five pounds in a week and have seen great improvement in chronic stomach problems.)
B000XAE3IM|5.0|Cheap and same performance. A battery is a battery. Get this, you won't regret it. Works on my SONY DSLR a560 and my eternal CM-160 LED video light. Pretty awesome.
B005KQVDH8|5.0|This blu-ray of a classic is worth the upgrade.  The picture is stunning on my plasma and I see details that weren't there the first time around and the sound is great!  If you haven't seen this (and I don't know how that could have happened) share it with the kids or grandkids cause it's great fun with a wonderfull cast that Donner really knew how to draw out!  Anne Ramsey hit the jackpot late in life with this and Throw Mama From The Train...and then passed on...so this and Mama are the only two roles you can really share her with your family from.  With Spielberg producing, Chris Columbus writing and Richard Donner directing it really is quintessential<br />family entertainment and features some child actors you may have heard of: Josh Brolin, Sean Astin and Corey Feldman among others.  It's coming out the same week as the fourth Pirates movie so get them both and make a double feature out of it.  You'll be hard put to get the kids to say which one they like most.
B004EPZ06Q|4.0|Have you ever heard a very funny joke from someone that you couldnt stop laughing long after the joke was over, and then a little later the same person retells the same joke just a little different (different setting, a new person, etc)? Its of course not as funny as the first time you heard the original joke. Well that is the case with the movie \\"The Hangover Part II\\"  It has the same plot, and same gags just in a different city and some new characters while having some new gags. Which is fine if this were a whole new movie but its a sequel to me the funniest movie ever.  Dont know what Im talking about, Ill sumarize the plot:  Stu, Phil and Allen wake up from a night of partying not long before a friend's wedding. Problem is they cant remember what happened and one of them is missing. Now they must try to retrace their steps to find the other before the wedding. Along the way they will run into full frontal male nudity, run into Mr. Chow and have to return something to someone.  Yeah that sounds like the first, but it is also the plot of the sequel. But a side from that it is a good movie, to which I enjoyed very much. Ill give my full review when the bluray comes out
013168728X|5.0|This is a very good book on Image Processing that gives a lot of examples as it explains a new concept. Highly recommended if you are going to learn image processing from scratch or just want to use it as a reference. However, I do NOT recommend the other version of this book that deals with MATLAB.
B0055SWM08|5.0|it is relaxing and fun. the background graphics are unimposing and pleasant.  the level keeper mechanism is interesting.  the game mechanics are classic shortest path, but the presentation is unique and artful
0307887960|5.0|This diet works.  I bought the book one month ago and I have lost about 8 pounds.  The book clearly explains what the dieter should do.  I most liked the way the doctor explains the medical reasoning for each suggestion.  I learned so much about why I couldn't lose weight before.  I feel better, I look better, and I am feeling more positive about life.  This has really been a blessing for me.
0811877485|1.0|While the decals are very cute, there is a problem with them adhering to the wall.  The two largest ones (caterpillar and butterfly) are packaged so that there is a crease down the middle of them.  Where that crease is constantly pulls the product off the wall.  The other decals stick fine, but the two main ones are worthless.  Too bad -- liked the look.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Forget all the whiney baby reviews!! Ugh. I bought this for my boyfriend, because I knew he would LOVE it. And guess what? He did. I had never watched Star Wars before...or even wanted to, to be honest. We watched it together & now- I like it. The picture quality was outstanding, to say the least. The sound was absolutely superior. That's from someone who has no knowledge of the series previously. As for my boyfriend, he's a connoisseur & could not contain his amazement at the incredibly heightened quality & excitement about some of the changes. This is a must-have for any Star Wars fan, period. You might even introduce someone else to it who never thought they'd sit thru something of this caliber.
B004UIOUHC|2.0|First of all, this browser is super fast and super smooth. It would easily be the absolute best android browser out there except it CRASHES ALL THE TIME. Keep at it ya bunch of energy drink swilling no girlfriend code jockies. You almost have it! Try working on the code in the morning or at least BEFORE 10 HOURS OF GAMING. You might even ask your mom to wake you up a little early.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|i cant even download the game and have  tried twice now!  it is no wonder the review is so low!
B003L77GGK|2.0|I really hate to write a bad review of my absolute favorite show, but I don't have a choice.  Pretending things are all fine and well doesn't do anyone any good, and its intellectuality dishonest.<br /><br />After the fans reacted to the tedium and poor casting choices of Season 3, there was a dedicated and phenomenal course change going into Season 4 that breathed a vibrant new breath of life into the series, and it thankfully dissolved the boring stagnation of black-eyed demons and Buffy-babe clones that was Season 3's unfortunate hallmark.  This welcomed renewal lasted until the finale of Season 5.  If you haven't seen Seasons 4 and 5, you need to watch it now!<br /><br />Unfortunately the brilliance was short lived, and with Season 6 came the proverbial trainwreck.<br /><br />I.  My first gripe is the overall writing.  Season 6 is filled with writers who wrote half-assed episodes using half-assed monsters that are a shameful parade of what this show used to be about.  In my prior reviews of Supernatural seasons, I said:<br /><br />\\"The beauty of Supernatural for the first two years was it generally took lesser known monsters, urban legends, and other spooky stuff, and put a unique spin on it. The show would also introduce supernatural elements that were deliberately obscure, so if we didn't know about it from our own knowledge, we'd have to find out the details in real time with Sam and Dean. This kept things fresh by giving us a good mix of investigation and action.\\"<br /><br />And:<br /><br />\\"Another refreshing aspect of the show, is, it doesn't insult the audience. Existing horror conventions are borrowed, but almost all of them are updated into something new, as it successfully blends the insider info found in cult shows with the broader appeal of horror and action for the more mainstream audience. What we get is a hybrid of the two.\\"<br /><br />Unfortunately Season 6 throws all of that away by giving us some of the most boring, rehashed, and lazy episodesto date.  This season was also plagued with pointless monsters.  For example: Did we really need several more episodes about vampires---perhaps the lamest and most overused monster in pop culture next to zombies?  What, in six seasons did the show run out of monster ideas?  What, there weren't enough monsters in mythology world-wide so they had to go back to the most stereotypical and highlighted monsters that can be found everywhere else?  Another trap the writers fell into was continuing to rip off other shows, but the acknowledging the original source material in-episode as if that clears them of lazy writing.  I mean, c'mon, the Supernatural writers have their own world to create with their own rules!  Why on Earth would they have to have insipid \\"Anne Rice rules\\" for vampires or \\"Star Trek rules\\" for mind-control worms?  At the very least, I'm thankful when they pointlessly brought in H.P. Lovecraft, they didn't have Cthulhu end up being the \\"end boss\\".  That would have been a stupid and monumental sell-out.<br /><br />Along the same lines as above, I also have some issues with Sera Gamble, the replacement for Eric Kripke and the new creative head.  True to her name, her episodes are a gamble.  Like everyone, she has her pros and cons.  She is stunningly fantastic when she's writing the character of Death.  Her dialogue and plot writing for Death is solid gold.  But there-in lies the problem: she's a one trick pony, as most of the rest of her writing is dross.  Looking at all the episodes Gamble has written, she is perhaps the most uninspired and formulaic writer in the whole Supernatural stable.  With only a few exceptions here or there, too often her stories are just ripped off and repackaged plots tiredly taken from other sources.  The bottom line, is, I don't think she was the right choice to spearhead the show.  But Kripke seems to trust her, so maybe he sees something I don't.  Regardless, in the attempt to be fair, I'm still willing to give her a secondchance with Season 7, but she has to step up her 'A Game' and get some new ideas to get this show moving in the right direction again.  Subpar or \\"just ok\\" episodes are not good enough, not when this show has been near-perfect in the past.<br /><br />A final gripe I have about the writing, is: I wish certain writers would keep their damn politics out of the show.  [They know who they are.]  Neither political party seems capable of doing the right thing, and both are screwing us over.  But I don't need one side's particularly tiresome propaganda or slant shoved down my throat.  I tune into this show to escape all the b.s. political wrangling in the real world, so the last thing I want to see, is it crop up its ugly head in-fiction.  There is no place for that in the Supernatural, and it's just a stupid move on the part of the writers.  This country is literally divided 50/50, so it's beyond stupid to potentially alienate half of the audience just to throw in some snarky partisan politics.  If one wants to advertise their own political beliefs, they can do so on their own time.  We don't need that crap here, as this show should not be a vehicle for any petty politics.<br /><br />II.  My second concern, is, this season started out very slowly and it needlessly ran us into several unnecessary dead ends that really didn't accomplish anything except waste our time, or kill off a few long-lasting guest star characters.  It also didn't seem to have a clear path.  The Purgatory arc might have been the overall plan, but it was painfully clear the first half of the season was just a shot in the dark by throwing anything and everything onto the wall to see what stuck.  And it was almost embarrassing watching each idea fail, and quickly be swept away.<br /><br />One specific example was the absolutely worthless \\"Grandpa Campbell & Cousins\\" arc that utterly bombed.  I really like Mitch Pileggli and Colin Nemec, especially since they were both 'Stargate' alumni, but their talent was utterly wasted as one dimensional cardboard cut outs.  This was so painful and so pathetic, it even translated into the show inadvertently when cousin Mark becomes the first cannon-fodder casualty.  When he died, no one even batted an eye, no one said anything, and it was like he didn't even exist.  Ironic, as that's how I felt too!  There was not one ounce of character development given to Mark, thus his death had no more impact than swatting a mosquito.  [And the same mostly held true with the rest of the Campbell clan later on.]  For a show that sometimes tends to go overboard on the crying, whining, man-tears, and emotional roller coasters, I found it very disingenuous that no one would even care he died.  But more to the point, it was an example of poor writing.  The \\"arc\\" with Eve was just as bad.  Haphazard build up, quick resolution, and very little satisfaction because it was pretty clear in her final appearance that she was just shallow plot-filler and time-killer to get to the finale.<br /><br />The most blatant and insipid travesty however, as the dreadful 'The French Mistake' episode that broke the fourth wall and tried to tell a story with the actors playing themselves.  It failed.  It failed miserably.  It wasn't funny, it wasn't clever, and it only severed as a lame and transparent self-indulgent piece for the crew that completely destroyed the suspension of disbelief.  'Wes Craven's New Nightmare' pulled the same stunt, but at least it tried to be serious.  Even 'Stargate SG-1' did a parody of itself, but that was both clever and funny.  The surname of this episode was aptly named.  It was a 'Mistake'.<br /><br />III.  Third, it was even more apparent the show's budget is practically non-existent:  Almost no classic rock.  Almost no location shoots in the first half of the season and more \\"we have to save money so all we can do is shoot in a warehouse or the studio backlot, and redress the sets over and over again and pray the fans don't notice\\"than the first two years of the 'X-Files'.  This is fine with the running gag of the motel rooms, but it's not cool with full episodes.  A show that survived six seasons should be getting a bigger budget because it has proven itself capable of lasting, not the reverse by getting a smaller and small budget each year and sabotaging all that it had built up.  Then we have the monster farce: \\"We don't have any money for special effects or monster costumes, so every monster including dragons will be humans with fangs or weird eyes to indicate different monster races.\\"  I mean c'mon, why even green-light a dragon episode when they couldn't do them to begin with?!  Yeah, like men in business suits really work as \\"dragons\\"...  Boring!  That was a short cut the various Star Trek shows used, except in that case it was just regular humans with slightly different noses...<br /><br />IV.  And finally, there's the pointless season finale.  Without giving away too much, it's just more of the same.  Of all the things they could do---of all the infinite possibilities of plot direction, the only thing they could think of, was to once again make us mistrust a good guy by seemingly turning someone evil.  Well yay...  Didn't we have to deal with that circular and done-to-death plot with Sam the last three years?  I mean c'mon, this is the best the show can come up with?  Drinking from the same well for the fourth time?!  And this was written by Kripke himself!  This endless farce of mistrust and corruption of the brothers or their allies is getting freaking old.  Been there, done that.  Ad nauseam.  Get some new material!  If the creative team or writing stable can't think of anything new for core character development, then they need to be replaced, or this show needs to end.  When I wrote my first review on Supernatural here on Amazon, I was floor by how brilliant it was, and I specifically mentioned how much I appreciated them taking their unique spin on things by being anti-formula.But now I'm ready to drop the show---something unthinkable for me after the phenomenally good finale of Season 5, and I absolutely hate that I feel this way.  I love this show, I love the characters, and I love the idea behind it.  But man, they can do a helluva lot better than Season 6.<br /><br />Taking into account all I said, this does not translate to the cast.  As usual, the acting is excellent, and I'm not at all criticizing them.  [Though with that said, it is high-time for Sam to get a hair cut!]  In fact, they were the only saving grace for me.  Sam, Dean, Bobby, and Cas were the only reasons I kept coming back to watch when I started getting disillusioned.<br /><br />Yeah, this review was certainly a downer, and it pained me to write it.  But as I said before, with the bar having been set so high so early, I refuse to settle on anything less, and this season did not cut it.  It may be tolerable for fans of the actors or for more casual action/horror TV viewers, and that's cool.  But if you are a slightly more discriminating fan with a love of the show but no love for shortcuts or a drop in quality and presentation, this doesn't cut it.  Not by a long shot.  In fact, I can't even recommend purchasing this set, at least not until it drops in price.<br /><br />To its credit, Supernatural has a history of taking into account fan concerns, and proactively righting a wayward course.  Hopefully things will get better in Season 7...
B000GPIPVU|5.0|I first heard the album title song during the closing credits to the movie The Conspiracy and was so moved by it that I checked out the music credits and sought out Ray La Montagne on Amazon and bought the album.  I was a little worried that, as has often happened in the past, the song I heard in the movie would be the only good piece on the album (I'd never heard of this artist before).  But how lucky I was to be wrong about that--I love the whole album.  There isn't even one tune that I FF through. He has an unusual voice of great depth and feeling, and the band accompanies him with great sensitivity.  I feel enriched to have stumbled upon this album.
B005J0VPNC|5.0|truly a great app. my first paid app from Amazon thanks to a gift card and worth the money either way. takes great photos with cool effects and can add effects to photos you've already taken.<br /><br />Messaged the Devs and received a response in less than ten minutes.<br /><br />Flash will be available in next update per their reply and video ability is being investigated.<br /><br />seriously, if you like taking photos with your phone, it's worth it.
B00132D808|5.0|This ranks up there with the best of Van Dyke Parks or the Beach Boys' Smile/Pet Sounds or even Dan Hicks and his Hot Licks.  Way more musically complex and sophisticated than anything out there.  What floors me is how they can sell these kinds of numbers.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|This is one of the most addictive games for an Android phone available! It is right up there with Angry Birds. Awesome graphics, amazingly smart spiders. Tough in the beginning, forces you to think out your strategy prior to making your move. I HIGHLY recommend this game, it is one of a kind. Don't play it too long though, I find myself playing it in my head, even when holding a conversation with someone. Haven't had that happen since I played Tetris back in the day.
B00005LK94|4.0|I loved this on first viewing in the theater, but it lost a touch on<br />revisiting on disc.<br /><br />It's stunningly photographed, and very well acted, and manages to be<br />deeper and more human than the cute story of a girl and her estranged<br />dad uniting to teach pet geese to migrate that Hollywood would normally<br />have made from this material.<br /><br />For one thing, Jeff Daniels has real moments of being a screwed up<br />person as the Dad, and Anna Paquin's grief at the loss of her mother<br />feels rich and true.<br /><br />But a bit too much of the meaty human character stuff gets lost along<br />the way in the birds' saga, and the villains are a bit stock and neat.<br /><br />Still a very, very good film, just not quite the great one that I<br />remembered.
043599445X|5.0|Great book. Came with perfect shape. Though the book took a while to arrive. The book it self is detailed with great pictures illustrated.
1423136802|5.0|great for my college dorm, hard cover editions safe at home. great author and collection to have available to share
0783225482|5.0|Three superb stars duking it out on the screen - it doesn't get any better than that. I love this movie because it's sort of an earlier work of Willis, Streep, and Hawn. They're all absolutely brilliant, although if I had to choose, I'd pick Streep to be the best of them all. Definitely a movie I can watch over and over again.
B004XANKVO|5.0|Like all the high quality Thule racks and car top carrier products I have experience with,  this crossover backpack is no exception.  This thing is bomber.  It is well thought out in terms of functionality with pockets and compartments for all your on-the-go personal and laptop computing needs.  My HP laptop fits perfectly and is well protected from the ravages of road warrior-ing. The quality is exceptional, including buckles, straps and the material it's made of.  All is very strong and built to last.  I must admit, I had sticker shock when I first saw the price but I thought, with Amazon, there's no risk, it's easy to return if I don't like it or it is overpriced.  After I experienced the quality of this pack I was reminded, we usually get what we pay for.  No exception to that rule here, this pack will last for many years.  And, besides being a well-built PC pack, it's just plain cool.
1608870081|5.0|I sent this book to my sister and her children who are huge H.P. fans. She said the book is beautiful and very detailed, not one for the kids by themselves, but something they can enjoy together.
B004UUKDNA|5.0|Torches, Foster The People's first studio album, is a great buy. These guys know what they are doing. If you like Pumped Up Kicks, you will love this CD.
B003UESJH4|5.0|This film deserved every award it received, and several it didn't.  Colin Firth was superb as the stammering Bertie and Helena Bonham Carter was great as his supportive wife.  Geoffrey Rush as the irreverent Aussie speech therapist very nearly stole the show.  Highly recommended!
B003ZSJ212|3.0|I have just finished watching the first three movies in this set. The first and third seem fine, but the second one has frequent audio dropouts - sound just stops for a fraction of a second. It's really quite annoying. I hope Fox reissues this disc and makes a free replacement of it for us.
B005KWL2IW|5.0|I've been following Anthrax since Fistful of Metal.  I have loved Belladona since he joined them and (being an Armored Saint fan) I have really enjoyed the Thrax with Bush.  I thought We've Come for You All was their best since Among the Living.  They have topped that.  This album is their best since Among the Living.  Great job guys!
B000VSAEYI|5.0|Love, love, love this thing!    I can't emphasize enough how perfect it is for toddlers..and apparently up to ages 8.  I've had up to 6 kids splashing around in it.  The size is HUGE..okay, the depth is what, 6 inches..but the length/width is great.    The slide seems to hold up just fine for kids up to 4 years of age so far.  While the inflating/deflating can be a bit of a hassle, at least it makes it easy to move around..and I love that when the toddlers hit the sides..they just bounce right back in!  No scratches or tumbling out of the pool...  It's an absolute must to get an electric inflater.  The bottom does get a little \\"slimy/slippery\\" if the water is left in it overnight..but a quick wipe with a towel and it's good as new.  Ours has taken a beating..we have been leaving it out for about 3 days, then do a partial deflate and move into/out of garage weekly for about 2months now.  There is a small leak somewhere that for the life us we can't find.  Don't care, with an electric motor, we just keep re-inflating.  AFter this season, I may give up on this one if I can't find that leak, but I\\"m definately getting another one next year!
B005P68PCY|5.0|This episode of Supernatural is a great start to the new season.<br /><br />We are given in insight in to the memory of Sam's time in hell and what the memories are doing to him and how it will affect Dean and Bobby in the long run. There are many twist and turns and I will not spoil it for you by revealing to much, but his episode will make you think about what is real and what is not...<br /><br />We are introduced to a very scary, evil and possessed Cas, played beautifully by Misha Collins. There are some very creepy and actually scary parts to this episode.<br /><br />There is a return of some of our favorite characters: Crawley and Lucifer and Death. All three of these characters bring another level to the Supernatural story line.<br /><br />This episode was written by Sara Gamble, one of the many producers for the series and she has written some of my favorite episodes and this will definitely go in to the favorite vault.<br /><br />I highly recommend this episode!
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|I saw this movie in theaters back in May of this year. I knew what it was about going into it. A story like this wasn't easy to convey on the screen. At least it wouldn't seem like it'd be easy to do so, anyway. Of course, there have been plenty of surfer movies made in the past. This one definitely had a different vibe to it, partly because it was based on a true story. That's not to say that other surfer movies haven't been based on true stories. With this one, as I was watching it, I really felt like I could connect with the girl and everything that happened to her. I'm not saying that I went through the same things that she did, but that I was able to lose myself in the film's subject matter and feel as though I was there. It's rare for a movie to be able to do that with me. When it happens, it truly is an amazing experience for me. There are very few movies that actually legitimately make me feel like crying. My Dog Skip always makes me cry every time I watch it. Soul Surfer made me be on the verge of crying at certain points. If you like watching movies that give you hope, then this one is definitely one you should watch.
0439023513|2.0|I love fantasy books but sometimes I keep on wondering why almost all of them have gore endings in the end. I was not satisfied thinking that this is the last book yet there are a LOT of things still missing or at loose ends.
B001UV4XIS|4.0|I thought that Harry Potter & The Deathly Hallows Part 2. had most of the factors that made this a great film ending. The special effects in this movie, was great. The acting in this movie was great too. This movie captured the emotion really well in this film. The only thing that stunk in my opinion about this movie, was the very very end of the movie, at the train station. Other than that, this is a definite watch again. This is a really good end to a saga, as a whole. Would I recommend this to other people, yes.
1433524708|4.0|The Personal Size ESV Study Bible has quickly moved to the head of my list as my favorite Bible. First, there is the translation which I find to be both of high literary quality and very accurate (in particular with regard to the Koine Greek of the New Testament). I may be biased by the fact that I grew up hearing the old Revised Standard Version in church every Sunday; but over the years I have used a number of Bibles of various types and translation philosophies, and I still prefer this one. Second are the study notes which I find to be relatively complete and also relatively unbiased. This cannot be said of all sudy Bibles, and I appreciate the presentation of a variety of views. I do miss the articles in the \\"back of the book\\", that are in the full-sized ESVSB-- but you can't have everything, which brings me to my final two points. I am impressed with the quality of the binding and the printing in this Bible, which even my aging eyes are able to read without much trouble. Finally there is the \\"portability\\" issue: I find myself called to do pastoral visitations as well as preaching and have found the size of this bible to be wonderful for holding in one hand for an extended period of time while doing those things.
B0045TYDNC|5.0|This cap works very well - a lot better than the previous model caps (which shipped with older lenses such as the D90 kit lenses, the 35mm/1.8 DX, etc.). In fact, it may be working too well because if you have a manly (strong) hand with a lot of strength, you can actually tighten these caps onto the lens so that it will require quite a bit of effort to take them back off!
B0034G4OUO|1.0|I rented it from Redbox and Family Video a couple of times and received both same results. No menu. No language menu I can access to for captioning or subtitle. And pix was freezing at times. Makes me wonder if the company made bad job on dubbing DVDs for this movie. I can wait till the cable will giving a showing. I can't rate the movie itself. But I give the DVD makings a zero!
1439156816|5.0|I have been writing a memoir of my farming boyhood.  King's book did several things for me. 1) He had me rolling on the floor laughing. 2) He opened up a world of writing that I could not get to. His words gave me permission to write what I feel and think and stop trying to be a writer. Though no budding Steinbeck, I suddenly was whipping out thoughts and stories the way I experienced them rather by trying to \\"be a writer.\\"  As a consequence, maybe I became a writer, who knows.  King's book is fun to read and very informative, how can you beat that combination.  Oh, his biographical portion was crass, maybe a little.  I loved it.  Peter Cordel
B005CM9DX6|1.0|I can not believe what I just heard. I never thought I would witness the day that Opeth, one of my favorite bands of 15+ years, would change so drastically that I could no longer stand to listen to them anymore. Or at least this album in particular. If you noticed the changes in the last album, it should come as no suprise that this is what we get with this album. But the problem is that it IS a suprise, and a shock too. I take my music very seriously and it is the biggest passion in my life. I have been waiting for the new Opeth album for a long time, just like everyone else. And to add to that, a lot goes on in life sometimes and people like me just might be looking foreward to something to help ease the pain of it all. But this only adds to the pain. This cd is so hurtfull to listen to it has created a profound shock that I was not prepared to experience. Nothing of Opeth's signature sound is left with this cd. The guitars are overdriven at best, no godlike vocals, no power. I love the beauty and the beast of Opeth, NOT the hippie!!! What we are left with is one persons 70's prog rock dream that is a solo album at best. THIS is not Opeth!!! I will admit that I applaud change, but change is not always good. In this case it is suicide in that I compare this album to what Celtic Frost did with \\"Cold Lake\\". I still can't believe this has happened.
B0016CP1Q4|5.0|The extra cd live edition makes a great reason to invest a few more bucks in this if you're a Steve Earle fan or want to get a sense of how he's changed and stayed the same over the years.  The part that stayed the same is the constant desire to get it right, whatever \\"right\\" may be.  When compared to his last works, this collection portrays an angry, incredibly gifted musician who really cares about what he does.  One also gets the sense that he realized what talent he had and seemed to be in awe (haunted?) by the weight of it.  Earle's talent has only gotten better and Copperhead Road plus the live set prove that he started at a pretty lofty place to begin with.
B005CM9DX6|1.0|\\"Horrid\\". The one word my brother in law used to describe this album. after a few listens, downgraded to \\"unspeakable\\". I couldnt sum it up better. Before i'm condemned to its not metal so you hate it for that reason status, let me explain. good music is good music, regardeless of genre or preconceived expectations for any given band. This is not good music. the drums are well played, but dont fit. the production seems all off, with various misplaced notes coming to the forefront with no rhyme or reason. the songs are barely that. remember when radiohead were praised for being geniouses and believed they could do whatever theyd like? yeah, even thom yorke cringes at this...sorry to say it, but this was just a terrible idea all around.
1595828095|5.0|I first came to these stories after both Creepy and Eerie had been canceled for a few years, and Bruce Jones and Pacific Comics were really the only ones carrying the torch for 70s-style horror comics into the 80s, which was FINE BY ME. Having missed those glory days by a few years, I treasured in particular a series of colorized reprints of Mr. Wrightson's work entitled \\"Bernie Wrightson: Master of the Macabre.\\" This fine book will cost you less than buying all of those issues today, and the reproduction of his art is much, much better here as well. Wrightson's imagination is ghoulish, humorous, passionate, and raised the art of horror storytelling to then-new heights. One of the best examples is the Jones/Wrightson classic \\"Jenifer\\": a fiendishly memorable look into sex, murder and obsession, recently filmed by horror maestro Dario Argento for the \\"Masters Of Horror\\" TV series. Even if you're already planning to buy every Creepy and Eerie Archive volume, this smaller book is worth the investment, as much love was lavished on every page. And it's a bargain, too.
B002BU0DPE|1.0|I bought this hoping that it would be better then my first headset which was a long time ago \\"Madcatz wireless headset\\". I was terribly wrong to think the PX21 would be better. PLEASE hear this warning the second day of use neither earphone worked. Afterwards I saw all these terrible reviews about the same problem. When I found the issue I was upset, made a report to turtlebeach which is suppose to take 48 hours to respond and fix the issue. I havent heard anything and its been 9 days, all I got was the confirmation by email that they will respond in 48 hours. THEY FAIL.
B005OP298W|5.0|With a second Emmy under their belts for best comedy, with Phil and Clair both getting comedy Emmys, with most of the rest of the cast also nominated, what's not to like?  Without missing a beat, we opened with the first episode with the whole family at a dude ranch.  Then on the same night moved into this episode, which was life as usual back home.  Our favorite gay couple want to adopt a boy, their daughter Lily is against it, and everyone else erupts into their usual zaniness until the grand adoption announcement is made. This comes on the heels of Clair's getting store security footage to play for everyone (on Phil's back ending her into a pile of cans at the grocery store as he makes eyes at another pretty woman).<br /><br />I just love this show. If you haven't seen it, you are missing the best comedy on tv.
B0041KKYBK|5.0|Finely crafted documentary about the morgage banking crash and the players involved.  Most of us have seen news stories and had some idea of the events as they were playing out, but it can be very difficult to string the various news stories into the whole picture.  This takes a very involved look at all the details in order and the implications of the events to international economies and politics.  It is a lot of information to absorb in one sitting and may require more than one viewing but well worth it.  If someone had wrote this story as fiction nobody would buy it.  It took real people to pull this scam off - Enjoy!!
B005OHSNFS|4.0|The pilot was funny and spunky and good. Will continue to watching to see what type f trouble Jess will get into in the future.
B001NFNFIK|3.0|I've never read any of James Lee Burke's books but he seems to be well thought of and has an avid army of fans. I looked forward to seeing this, partly because of the cast, but also because there has been a pretty good record as of late with studios taking the books of well honed American authors and turning them into films.  This is a hit and miss. Tommy Lee Jones, John Goodman, Peter Sarsgaard and Mary Steenburgen are only part of a large and well seasoned cast. The director, Bertrand Tavernier is also well seasoned with 33 films to his credit, but somehow this project doesn't hang together.  Here's the scoop. Set in Louisiana, Tommy Lee plays a police captain who is ready to bust Sarsgaard, a Hollywood actor in town for a film shoot, on a DUI. To avoid said DUI Peter leads Tommy to an area of the swamp where he spotted a corpse shackled in chains. Even though the body has been dead since the 60s Tommy wants to investigate. Meanwhile, a young prostitute from town is murdered and Tommy wants to make the connection between the two which leads him to investigate all manner of unseemly persons.  Nearly every scene in this movie was written and acted extremely well. A lot of really cool things happened in the plotting. Most of the characters, even the secondary ones, had a lot of personality, but it all failed to dovetail. Like the dead guy in chains. He's what started the whole thing off but very little is done in regard to that part of the story. And it didn't build up tension. It kept a generally even keel throughout. This might be truer to how real life is but it doesn't make for exciting movies.   This is an imminently watchable film with a lot going for it, but if you're at all like me, you might walk away from it shrugging your shoulders.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Unlike some, I've actually watched all six episodes, before writing this review.  I will try to keep it short.<br /><br />The sound in all six episodes is superb.  The video quality of all episodes has been enhanced and special attention has been given to color and object texture.  To be fair, episodes IV,V and VI, while greatly improved, they show their age a bit in some sequences where the background is somewhat grainy.  I've had every version of Star Wars that has been released, and this is by far, superior to all the others.<br /><br />Now, to address some of the nit-picking I've seen in some reviews.  I have no clue why anyone is up in arms about light sabre colors.  They looked fine to me.  About the much debated NOOOO in episode VI, I'm fine with it and felt it was very appropriate for the following reason.  The NOOOO in episode III represented the last emotion of Anakin Skywalker, and the NOOOO in episode VI represents the emotion at the return of Anakin Skywalker.  As far as the CGI rocks in front of R2D2 that disappear later in the scene, it is a minor continuity error, but not a big deal.  After all,we've all witnessed Han Solo being flash frozen with his hands tied together, but the \\"wall hanging\\" of him has his hands at shoulder level facing forward, with nothing tying them.  If people let things like that get in their way of enjoying the movie, the problem is theirs, not the movie's.
0553381695|1.0|I purchased the audio versions of this book and its predecessor. I obviously got some alternate version after reading some of these glowing reviews.  People have been talking about the great character development.  Some characters are single dimensional with unexplained inconsistent motivations. Like the brother of the dead king that is portrayed as wonderful and noble and so charismatic that everybody wants to follow him. Yet, he usurps his older brother's claim to the throne.  Why, we will never know. We are given hints that he is only doing it because he thinks he can. Then, there is the young girl running from the death of her father. She is portrayed as honorable and kind. She even has flashbacks where she regrets killing a stable boy during her escape. She is no ruthless killer.  Yet, at one point of the book, she murders a guard in cold blood just to escape. This wasn't character growth, it was a pure switch in personality. Don't get me started in the brilliant strategist dwarf suddenly charging off into battle leaving nobody competent in charge.  The characters are inconsistent in their actions.  They are as realistic as any daytime soap-opera.  Then there is obvious lack of any editor.  Martin is over fond of the use of the phrase -by half.  I would say that the number of words in his books could be reduced by half without losing anything important. He will talk about an event with forty characters present then proceed to name twenty of them and describe their house and some unimportant physical characteristic. He writes as if he were a college student writing a paper trying to hit a word count with nothing left to say.  I usually give an author two books in a series to win me over. It sometimes takes some time to set up the environment, characters and plots.  Martin has failed to get me to care at all about this realm. He has not hinted at a unified plot line. Worst of all, he has introduced a vast menagerie of characters and completely failed to get me tocare for them.  The only character I find interesting at the end of the second book is the dwarf.  I will not be reading a third book in this series.
030746363X|5.0|Great Book, easy to read and totally engrossing if you enjoy health, science, body building or just alternative views on mainstream fitness. I recommend it to anyone cause it literally has a chapter for any kind of goal you may have (weight-loss, muscle gain, better sex, super endurance...etc).
B005EXA8XC|5.0|So last night I decided to stay up till midnight to watch this on VH1 and it was totally worth it. They didn't show the whole thing, but it was one of the best concerts I've ever seen! I'm going to add this to my HUGE music DVD collection.
B001NLKWLW|3.0|The book starts very promisingly with the mystery of Nell's true identity, but gets thinner in the process of spanning three generations of women. (and when I say it's too long, I loved a number of much longer books; it's just that this one is spread thin).<br />The central mystery is actually easy to solve with a minimum amount of guesswork very early on, so you have to wait for the characters to catch up.<br />I liked the reference to the Secret Garden though, and the maze. The story captures a certain typical English-countryside charm but that's about it. Deaths are a little too frequent and convenient plot-wise for my taste too.<br />Overall, the atmosphere reminded me of Audrey Niffenegger's second book, \\"Her fearful symmetry\\" (also an average book)...
0765357151|4.0|The movie was pointless.  And it missed the point.  This story is engaging and explores a lot more of the character.  And makes way more sense.
B005BZQS1E|1.0|Lowbrow, filthy piece of trash. There was absolutely nothing funny about this movie. I just want to give it less than 1 star and move on with my life.
B004A8ZX28|3.0|I've heard that to get a film made in Hollywood these days you need a big name star and to be able to define your project in terms of other successful movies. To that end, here we have Liam Neeson in a `melange a trois' of David Fincher's THE GAME (the score is even quoted in places) and BOURNE TRILOGY with a bit of Polanski's FRANTIC thrown in for good measure.  Despite that the result is decidedly average. It's certainly intriguing to begin with and there are a couple of genuinely tense scenes (the bit with the scissors in particular had me on the edge of my seat). Ultimately, however, the plot relies of a series of implausibilities (would Harris really rush back to the airport without uttering a single word to his wife?) and I found the denouement unsatisfying.  There's also a rather gratuitous sex-in-the-shower scene that's repeated like a motif throughout. And do we really need to see Liam Neeson with a wife who is so much younger?   Finally, if you know Berlin well you'll be utterly bemused by the continuity and how the film jumps around locations seemingly at random. There's no obvious reason for this, especially in the opening scene as the car appears to teleport back and forth along 17 Juni Strasse.  Having said all that, it was passable entertainment for a Saturday night if you're looking for a vaguely intelligent thriller.
B0002KZAKS|4.0|First of all this is NOT the best microphone ever made.  But for what they cost they certainly are more than I expected.  I give it 4 stars as a microphone period, without even taking the low cost into consideration.  They are so much better than the next cheapest thing that they are worth the extra $5 for sure. I bought one Behringer XM8500 then two more a couple of months later planning to use them as rehearsal microphones for a geezer band start up about 5 years go.  However, we actually have used these for vocals at some live performances when the sound tech's personal SM-58's are busy at another job.  I honestly think we sound about the same either way and maybe a little clearer with the Behringers.  At one time Alice Cooper and his band were using the Behringer XM8500's, however they may have moved on now for all I know.<br /><br />These are not Shure SM-58 clones even though they appear to be cosmetic knockoffs.  They have a slightly hotter output and a more flat response to my ears while the Shure's have a more pronounced lower mid boost that makes the male voice sound bigger and sometimes more distorted if not eq'ed correctly.  They are an ideal backup vocal microphone since the Behringer behaves like a compromise between a microphone tailored for a male voice and a microphone tailored for a female voice and actually works well without heavy eq.  It also is if anything more versatile than the SM-58 as it can be useful as an acoustic instrument pickup microphone working for anything that you would ordinarily use an SM-57 to pick up.  It doesn't overload easily, has a high output and a tight pattern with about the same feedback rejection as the SM-58.  It has a reasonably decent blast filter, so if using it for outdoor instrument pickup you don't have to add a windscreen.  Another strength of these is durability.  My 3 have sustained numerous drops, a couple of falls happened while boom stand mounted so not only did the microphone fall but the weight of the boom stand was behind it adding more mass to the force of the fall.  No damage at all to any of them!  I used to cringe when they fell or got dropped but now I just shrug. One weak point about these is they are more sensitive to handling noise, but on the stand handling noise is no issue.  Mine came in hard plastic foam lined cases with stand adapters.  The stand adapters are sort of flimsy but usable. If you want SM-58's you need to buy SM-58's.  If you want a good all around microphone in the $20 to $40 class then try one of these.  No on-off switch on these but we do have switches on some of the SM-58's we use and frankly the on-off switch is a liability!  I don't think you can find a better microphone new for the money and recommend them as a decent all-around microphone for the price.  You can pay more and get less.was behind it adding more mass to the force of the fall.  No damage at all to any of them!  I used to cringe when they fell or got dropped but now I just shrug. One weak point about these is they are more sensitive to handling noise, but on the stand handling noise is no issue.  Mine came in hard plastic foam lined cases with stand adapters.  The stand adapters are sort of flimsy but usable. If you want SM-58's you need to buy SM-58's.  If you want a good all around microphone in the $20 to $40 class then try one of these.  No on-off switch on these but we do have switches on some of the SM-58's we use and frankly the on-off switch is a liability!  I don't think you can find a better microphone new for the money and recommend them as a decent all-around microphone for the price.  You can pay more and get less.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|It seems that it would be simple and that I would get bored. It is actually fun and addicting . If you like puzzle games you will like this one.
B001RIY4WE|5.0|I just rented this movie from Netflix, expecting just another DVD quality transfer to Blu-ray, as most older movies are just that. This movie looks absolutely incredible on this 'Skynet Edition', so much that it's very hard to believe that it's almost 20 years old. This is one of my favorite movies from my childhood (I know, I know, 8 year olds probably shouldn't be watching this one. Luckily I was taught my right's and wrong's, so it didn't phase me and I didn't miss out on seeing this when it was newly released). This is hands down going to be my next Blu-ray purchase. It looks great in 1080p @ 120hz. I've seen this movie hundreds of times and I'll probably watch it a hundred more times when I get this in my collection. GREAT MOVIE at true Blu-ray QUALITY. Worth every penny!
B000HKWET8|5.0|This a classic Star Trek episode. Great story and acting on this one as it 'spans' twelve years. Special effects top notch and plentiful too.
B001OSIV62|5.0|amazing story, very beautifully told.<br />I am definitely inspired by this man's story. A man who followed his passion even it brought him so close to death.<br />Definitely a must watch for anyone.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|The game itself was a comical twist on the castle defense genre. It was enjoyable, and the mid-level pausing was nice because you never know when you'll need to do something else.  BUT my save game erased around the end of the second playthrough: plants, levels, access to quickstart, achievements, everything - gone. I looked online and it seems to be a common bug with no fix. So, from 4 stars to 2 because the game will become effectively unplayable at some random moment.
B005G4TJI4|4.0|HI Everyone, I was looking into the specs of this Bluray and it doesn't say if it is a Multiregion Disc? In the European site it says... Multiregion.
B000VNMMQG|4.0|Beutifully made and historically accurate drama, few serious faults can be attributed other than the appauling subject matter was far to large in scope to edit down to a movie of 118 minutes. Slaves shipped to death and the movie edited to death means you will have to watch at least twice for any comprehension to dawn on how the story really hangs together. A fine movie for all that believe the best entertainment also educates, it is a shock to learn towards the end that the political tactics that resulted in the abolition of slavery hung on two words: \\"We cheat!\\"  With short paragraphs in school texts and only few movie forerunners (Amastad, Roots), the subject is truely an embarressment to civilization. As history is destined to repeat all that is forgotten, the subject matter is rife for much bigger, louder, longer and even more detailed movies than this true gem. Today we still have the sex trade, the orphan child trade, and the living organ trade .... all moving from one part of the disadvantaged world to another of greater wealth. Few nations raise their voices in objection, and the United Nations behaves as a shrinking violet. This movie is just as relevant today as it was over 200 years ago. Bravo for this movie, buy it, watch it, and you will find you do want to remember it.
1451629184|5.0|Anyone interested in this case should read Jaycee's book. It is a sad story, giving explicit details in the horror she went through but at the same time is a book that is hard to put down! This is a nice book, very easy to read with some short chapters and well spaced print.
006190385X|2.0|I got the hardcover version of this book from the library and immediately wanted to own it. The photographs are sharp, gorgeous, and dramatic; the text was very interesting, because as the title says, it's pretty much all interviews with the band members (plus a few key figures in their lives, like managers, producers, etc.). As most U2 fans know, the bandmates are smart and quite funny, so it's an enjoyable read. However, I could not believe the difference in the paperback version that I received. Several of the photographs from the hardcover version have been deleted (including some terrific family photos), and the photographs that do remain look like they've been photocopied on a cheap copier running low on ink, plus they're all squished together, some of them literally reduced to the size of a postage stamp so they'll fit onto a page. Many are so grainy, they're practically unrecognizable. Totally disappointing! I'm giving away the paperback version and hunting down the hardcover to purchase. If you're going to own this book, why would you skip half the reason for owning it, which is the magnificent photos of the band, many from top photographers. The hardcover version is coffee-table book material for any true fan of U2, the paperback version is for a donation to the library. I'm so glad I saw both versions so I could see the glaring omissions and depressing lapse in quality from hardcover to paperback. Obviously, there will be a difference in quality from hardcover to paperback, but this was ridiculously bad. The only reason I'm giving the paperback two stars is because at least the text is still there!
B004EPZ09S|5.0|First, it's a great catastrophe movie. Star-power doesn't guarantee a good flick, Matt Damon, Kate Winslet, Laurence Fishburn, Jude Law, and a flock others do their best to raise this movie a level, and their efforts pay off. The script gives them a chance to do their best - a believable outbreak, as contagious as SARS and as deadly as Ebola starts in a remote corner of the world. It propagates at the speed of jet travel to every major population center, and then the fatalities start to come in. It doesn't reach \\"Mad Max\\" levels of post-apocalyptic collapse, but does show how social structure sould shudder under the blows. And, in a thoroughly modern touch, the rationality of the CDC is offset by a wingnut internet conspiracy theorist who believes that the government is suppressing life-saving floral extracts.<br /><br />Among all disaster flicks, this stands out for one reason: it gets the science right. Ian Lipkin, M.D. and director of the Northeast Biodefense Center, consulted heavily. The movie virus, although fictional, followed the same path to people via bats and pigs as the real-world Nipah virus did. The movie virus fictionally attacks a genuine human receptor, but the imagined protein actually bonds to a genuine receptor site in biochemical simulations. Lipkin had Winslet pipetting and running gels, and showed Elliot Gould how to handle liquid nitrogen without freezing his hand off (as reported in Science magazine, 2 Sep 2011). Lipkin also suggested the bogus cures spreading across the internet, as actually happened in the SARS outbreak.<br /><br />That said, they didn't do so well on some of the CDC procedures, but hey. They got a big one right, and set the standard for future plague movies. What they did right, they did beautifully right - in addition to making some good entertainment.<br /><br />-- wiredweird
B000BNX4MC|5.0|- Good video quality for a DVD (since we are all used to Blu Ray HD!)  - Old classic movie still fun to watch!  - Quick delivery, and price is right on Amazon
B004XJHBCE|5.0|Way better than I expected. Once you roll up your sleeves and invest a little bit of time in understanding how to use it, you'll realize how useful it really is.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I'm glad I stuck with this book even though it started off a little slow for me.  I just couldn't put it down.  I found myself downloading the kindle app for my iphone so I could continue reading while at places I don't normally bring my kindle.  One of the best books I've ever read.
B004WOS3P4|5.0|Love this one more than David's first album;  he sings with such passion.  Topics are relevant and feelings are genuine.  He inspires me.  David Cook does not disappoint - was worth waiting for.  For once American Idol got it right.
0007196687|5.0|This book has some wonderful pictures and is full of interesting information. I would recommend to any fans of U2 or just those who want to know about them.
B000WYCF6Q|5.0|Have a Trek 7.5' and was using a helmet mirror. After a time it was causing strain on my neck so I wanted to change. This mirror gives excellent coverage when attached to the handlebar, as good or better than the helmet mirror. Looks good, and can be rotated in almost any way you need.
B004V98UKS|3.0|This is a cool little game so far but I've noticed that when I exit the game it causes my touch screen to stop working. I can't scroll or click on icons, only main menu related buttons. I have to kill all processes through task manager, which I can thankfully get to through my top status bar, and then everything functions properly again. HTC Sensation.
B0000041Z3|4.0|Herbert von Karajan's DG Sibelius 7th has held a special place in my heart. Yet, who knew Maazal's 7th with the Vienna Philharmonic would fit the bill even better.<br /><br />Owning the Karajan/Kamu cycle from DG for some time, I've not added another cycle, but certain symphonies by other conductors and orchestras as supplement. However, about five days ago, on a whim I bought this set for seven bucks at my local Half Price Books. I listened in the following order<br /><br />1,7,2,3,4,5,6. If a conductor can't strike a chord in me with the seventh, it's usually the kiss of death for their whole cycle. Maazel can conduct the seventh in spades.<br /><br />Here's what seems to go well for Maazel and Vienna in this set.<br /><br />First, obviously one conductor and one orchestra with great chemistry recording over a short time period allows for more intensity and focus than a cycle with two conductors two orchestras and much time in between recordings. As a result, I never really warmed to Kamu's (a native Finn) 1st, 2nd, or 3rd.<br /><br />Maazel chose overall faster tempi than HVK or Kamu. It makes for a much for compact and overall enjoyable listening experience. The faster tempos make the Maazal's 1st, 3rd, 6th, and 7th much more cohesive and simply more exciting to listen to than Kamu and HVK in the 6th.<br /><br />So much so, that I find I really enjoy the 3rd, and 6th much more as a result of listening to this set. Maazel's 3rd and 6th are superior to Kamu/HVK's set not only due to the quicker tempos, but better dynamics and less concern about the plushness of the string tone. The third and sixth are about rhythm and dynamics period. Where HVK gleens and smooths the dynamics too much in the 6th, going instead for too much beauty in the strings, Maazel knew better. He found this to be no beauty contest unless you think of a cold glass of water as beauty. And that is how to describe this set. Maazel gives the listener exactly what Sibelius intended: a cold glass ofwater. And what majesty that glass is!<br /><br />Maazel's set is probably better for loud car listening than in the headset. there is some background hiss, but remember these were recorded in the early sixties. Decca's sound is big and beefy. Just what Sibelius would order.<br /><br />Again, the dynamic contrasts Maazel achieves in this set can't be over-emphasized. The only non-competion here is the slightly homely fifth. {EDIT 12/13/2013} Actually, after living with this 5th for awhile, it does start off cool, as if the Vienna players are not ready to go. (I've heard rumors that the VH has a history of dislike among its members for Sibelius.) As tepid as the first movement is, the second finds the orchestra and conductor in utmost harmony. This is a warmly played and affectionate movement. The last movement is where this 5th is simply not a competitor with the better 5ths out there. As the final movement begins to resolve, the brass just unravel. Multiple flubbed notes, phrases played out of tempo, and overall weak in the knees delivery exposes the Vienna brass as plainly inferior in this music. (Much to the chagrin of the excellent strings that do their part to maintain the tension Maazel is sort-of trying to build). There are much stronger brass 5ths. One has to look no further than to Bernstein's 5th with the NYPO to fulfill your goose bumping brass fix.<br /><br />This set now holds my favorite recording of the 1st, and overall is not bad for a whim purchase. One could get by with this set as the only Sibelius symphonies in their collection. However, the listener is going to want to supplement that 5th. {EDIT END}
0802473156|5.0|Great Book!! Highly recommend this for All married couples. Very good information for any marriage in helping you understand your spouses primary love language and how to show them you love them.
B001DJLCRC|5.0|Best show on TV ever except maybe The Shield.  Maybe!  If you get this DVD, and the ensuing seasons, I hope your microwave works and your girlfriend isn't horny, and your lawn doesn't need mowing or your pool need cleaning, because the only thing you're going to do that entire damn weekend is watch this DVD.  Hope your favorite food place delivers because this show is better than porn.  Once you hit play, nothing else will matter.  Great, great television show; one of the best ever.  I'll miss it dearly when they bring it to an end.  And I'll pre-order the next seasons.
B003L77GRO|5.0|I am so happy that you had Dexter the 5th season at such a great price.  Thank you so much.  I buy many dvd's from amazon so, I hope to do business with you in the future. Thank you for sending it as promised and so quickly too.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|This sticky note app. has been a very useful tool for my non-functioning memory. And at a great price, too!
1601252463|5.0|For those of you who run Pathfinder and want more, than this book is for you! More classes, spells, magic items and feats.
B004GYNPL2|5.0|Works perfectly. Easy to use and customize. I can't think of anything to change. Well worth the money at twice the price.
B0000DD79B|4.0|Although the CD arrived on time, the jewel case had 2 cracks in it...one on front, one on back.  The CD was not affected, but stiffer packaging needs to be applied when mailing.
0345529057|5.0|Excellent! Arrived just in time, and in perfect state. Great set, great books, can't wait to read them all! Totally recommend it!
B0009P5YXO|5.0|Very close replica from the show, battery life is excellent, sound realistic. A good buy for any 10th Doctor fan!
B003UESJH4|5.0|We can't watch it enough..we love British films and are so grateful that we can always count on Amazon to get the DVD's (even the childrens one's) and books we love to read.
0316098329|5.0|I very much enjoyed reading this book all the way through. I finished it in just 3 days, when I usually take at least 2 weeks to read books this length. Some reviewers said they found the second part of the book less enjoyable, but I actually preferred the character development of the mother and son in this second part. The book is written from a very original perspective -- that of a five-year boy who's been isolated from the world. The author reminds us of things that we take for granted. In that sense, I found the story very powerful. It does a wonderful job of setting aside the sensationalism of a kidnapping plot and focuses more on the relationship between a mother and her son, and a comparison of them with the world outside their room.
B003ZSJ212|4.0|I Popped this into my Panasonic BDP-51FD Blu Ray player, and was not a happy camper when none of the discs would play.  I downloaded the firmware upgrade v1.72 from Panasonic, and now the movies play without any issues. So, really, I just wanted to post this in case other folks have this issue, and save them from thinking it is a problem with the discs, where they return it to Amazon, get a replacement, only to have it do the same thing.  I will update this review once I have watched all the movies (I am NOT bothered by the changes George Lucas made to his movies, so I figure my review will stay at least four stars).
B0043URV8M|5.0|I received my CD much quicker than expected. The second I got it, I uploaded it into my Itunes, and there was not a single problem. The CD came in perfect condition and I LOVE IT!
0765348276|5.0|This is my fav book I've read in awhile.  Clever ideas.  Ending felt a bit abrupt, and I was excited to come on amazon and look to see if there was a sequel - but the reviews don't seem so good.  Which leaves me in the frustrated spot where I feel talked out of it by amazon reviews :)
B000001GQC|5.0|The originals of these performances date from 1978 and 1980, the remastering having been done in 1995. It will come as no great surprise to anyone that DG have done the job very well, something that is apparent from the very first note of Nevsky. This is a great sonorous chord, magnificently scored and magnificently reproduced for us here. As far as the recording goes all the way through, I found myself ticking off the pluses. The enunciation of the LSO chorus is admirably clear: not a hint of distortion in the cacophonies featured in The Battle on the Ice or (slightly less so) at various points in the Scythian Suite: the distant trumpet in Kije may or not be too distant for your taste but it is very clear; and the cornet that gets the famous tune for Kije's wedding (first cousin to Peter's tune in Peter and the Wolf) has the right brashness to it. Is the solo voice in The Field of the Dead slightly backward? Debatable again. This may well have been intended as realistic concert-hall balance rather than the forward in-your-ear engineering that was so popular as lately as the 70's.<br /><br />How one is going to rate the performances will also depend on a few basic assumptions - as usual, I guess. For instance, do you stress over the issue of authentic Russian style? I can't say that I do, one of my main reasons being that authentic national styles do not stay authentic indefinitely, but develop and change over the decades. If nobody had told me who the artists were here I would certainly have known that I was not listening to Mravinsky and the Leningrad Phil. On the other hand, Gergiev and the Kirov these days do not sound much like Mravinsky either, indeed it is quite arguable that they sound more like Abbado and his western bands. If the music is good enough and the interpreters are good enough it will be a matter of the various cultures shedding different lights on the music, much as sculpture or architecture can be viewed in different lights. I actually believe that there is a danger in Abbado's training, and the danger is that it can all turn out too smoothed-over and homogenised. The risk is not that some new and foreign style is foisted on the music but that there can come to be a generalised one-style-fits-all. Anyway, this slight worry stayed at the back of my mind in listening to this disc, and I am not seriously in doubt of the 5-star rating.<br /><br />The performances are thoroughly recommendable, particularly to newcomers to this music. The real masterpiece is the great cantata Alexander Nevsky, and as I have said already you will be given the right impression from note one. The only real question mark in my mind here is the mezzo-soprano soloist. She sings her sad song most affectingly and expressively, but this is not my idea of a great voice, and this is my idea of a little too much vibrato. I don't really have a clear opinion regarding how `highlighted' this solo should be, but what was obtruding itself on my thoughts was the solo in Brahms's Requiem as sung on the Tennstedt set by Jessye Norman. I like to think that this is not trying to rival that, because it would be no contest if it were.<br /><br />The Scythian Suite goes just fine for me. This started life as a ballet score, reminiscent quite often of the Rite of Spring, which it may have been trying to emulate. In particular I like the tempo chosen for the Dance of the Spirits of Darkness. This is marked `allegro sostenuto', which says to me that it should not be too fast, and the galumphing effect is the way I like the piece to be handled.<br /><br />Kije would be better spelt, Russian-style, as Kizhe, because that would make it clear how the nonexistent lieutenant came into existence through a simple error in word-division. The unusual `name' caught the eye of the Tsar, and from that point on people were panicking around to try to provide him with a life-story in case the Tsar asked any more questions. It all began as a film score apparently, and I should say that is all any of us need to know about the programme in order to enjoy the crisp and smart music.<br /><br />Not many things are perfect, and no mild reservations that I may have about this set give me any misgiving in awarding all 5 stars. There is a liner-note, and it is rather a pity that it wastes so much of its brief column-allocation in trying to tell us what to admire. What I find admirable I have just tried to explain, and I can summarise it by saying that this is a well-engineered and highly professional reissue of well-directed and highly professional performances.to know about the programme in order to enjoy the crisp and smart music.   Not many things are perfect, and no mild reservations that I may have about this set give me any misgiving in awarding all 5 stars. There is a liner-note, and it is rather a pity that it wastes so much of its brief column-allocation in trying to tell us what to admire. What I find admirable I have just tried to explain, and I can summarise it by saying that this is a well-engineered and highly professional reissue of well-directed and highly professional performances.
0765365278|5.0|I've already re-read it once, and I often think about the characters involved in my everyday life.<br /><br />Parts of this were slow, and I didn't really like it much for the first 200 pages - but that's what \\"epic fiction\\" means to me :)
B004LWZW24|2.0|Yes, it has a few effective scary moments, but the movie doesn't hold up (at all) because it doesn't know what it wants to be: psycho-horror film, fantasy, comedy or paranormal film. The result is a silly, sorry mishmash of a movie that repeatedly contradicts itself and can't live up to what it leads its viewers to expect. One character claims, \\"It's not the house, it's your son that is haunted.\\" And yet the plot goes back to the same house to depict \\"the further\\"---a supposedly other, \\"astral\\" realm \\"beyond space and time\\" that just happens to be grounded in the wood and mortar confines of the main characters' previous home. \\"Don't call attention to yourself,\\" an astral traveller is cautioned before entering that realm, and yet he enters it, carrying nothing less than a glowing lantern, and calls out repeatedly to loudly question each of the sad mannequin/mimes that themselves are supposed to represent the body-less entities that have been visiting a \\"comatose\\" boy. The dramatic seriousness of the first half comes to a halt with the entry of the comic duo that are supposed to represent the techno ghost busters who explain their tests are \\"to weed out the crazies.\\" But why would there be any need to determine if the problems in the house are just due to madness when we later learn there is a history to the events in the film? And when there are no less than three people who witnessed the supernatural events? And how can one of the geeks instantly illustrate what a psychic describes without being psychic himself? Questions abound leading to the real mystery posed by the film: Did ANYONE bother to read this horribly disconnected script before it went into production?! Two amateur filmmakers would probably have done a better job.  A ghostly old woman, a demon that recalls the wizard of oz, an elfin creature that runs about the house and bursts from an armoire, ghostly young girls, suggestions of an all too human intruder are the grab bag of baddies that populate this confused film. I saw this film thinking I was going to see something else. What turned out to be \\"spooky\\" is that that's exactly what I got.
0765350386|5.0|This is probably my favorite book right now - his world created is a depressing, dark, and utterly alluring place.  Sanderson's one of the brightest writers of our time, and starting with this is a great way to enter his world of writing.
B005869U6G|2.0|I used to think Incubus was my favorite band.  I have listened to this album at least twenty times and don't really like a single song.
B004ZQRJH2|5.0|The best album of 2011 so far, easily beats watch the throne, rolling papers, doggumentary, r.e.d., carter iv. they all get blown away
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I would not purchase this unless you have the PS3. If you are planning on trying this with any older hardware its going to drag down your system and impossible playback problems, good luck if you want to try the kitchen sink.  Pretty poor release to junk buyers with older blu ray players.
B0036S4CTS|1.0|Very rarely do I give up on a book, but I just couldn't bear to finish this one.  After the first few \\"years,\\" I didn't find much substance to either character or to the plot.  I was disappointed because more than half of the reviews were very positive.  Sorry to the author, but this wasn't my cup of tea - even for \\"one day.\\"
0385534639|3.0|The story contained within this book is truly unique and I admit I appreciate it very much on that level.  There are not many tales out there about an unusual competition in a quirky circus.  It really is quite lovely.  There are, however, some problems with the writing behind said story.<br /><br />There are seemingly two stories occurring at close to the same time before finally completely overlapping one another. This is indicated by the dates which appear under the chapter headers, telling the reader what day, month and year the chapter will be set in as well as the location.  This in and of itself should not be a problem, if handled properly, but the time-lines can become somewhat jumbled and at times even inconsistent.<br /><br />Regarding the characters, most of them are very flat and one-dimensional. With others, it's almost as though the author was trying much too hard to make them mysterious or eccentric, with characters smiling slyly or uttering phrases such as, 'You will know in time.'<br /><br />There's also the matter of having too many main characters inside of one book.  When you write every character as some sort of lead, it then appears as though there is too much going on with having to focus on each one individually.  In fact, most of the characters in this novel were leads and not supporting, which makes the fight for dominance a tad overwhelming.<br /><br />The climax of the book, in contrast, is entirely underwhelming; it's not fully fleshed-out and even though there is an attempt to explain the reasons behind holding the competition (something which the writer needlessly convolutes when it should be something very simple to explain), this reader was left feeling that the point was rather, well...pointless.<br /><br />The book is also, for a change of pace, written in the third-person narrative style with present tense.  This doesn't occur too often in books and there's a reason why -- it's the most difficult to pull off and very few actually can.  Aside from the fact that the story changes tense several times throughout the novel, it's also much harder to become immersed in the world the author has created, along with the language sometimes becoming quite limited (see below).<br /><br />Now we're getting into actual language and structure.  This is not the most poorly-written book out there, not by any means, though it suffers in several areas, the first being -- as mentioned in the title of this review -- laziness.  There are far too many incomplete sentences, or sentence fragments, scattered throughout this novel.  Here are some examples:<br /><br />'She tells you facts you already knew.  Information you might have guessed.  Possibilities you cannot fathom.'<br /><br />'Instead, and he is not entirely certain why, he keeps the subject alive.  Bringing it up as often as possible.  Pointing out that he could always go and return to the farm after the fact, that four years is not a terribly long time.'<br /><br />In other instances, sentences are drawn out for far too long, commas separating what should certainly be two separate sentences.  At the very least a semi-colon would have been more appropriate, if not an entirely new sentence. Examples:<br /><br />'It's sort of all jumbled and I don't really like the red bit, when I saw it, it hurt my head.'<br /><br />'That tree is rooted in the ground, it is a living tree even if it does not have leaves.'<br /><br />Some of the language is overly repetitive at times as well.  A lot of this has to do with the narrative/tense, which I previously mentioned.  The dialogue is the worst offender, with each character ending off his/her sentence with 'he/she says' or 'he/she asks'.  There are times when five or six pieces of dialogue in a row end in the same way, as displayed here:<br /><br />'That's the Wishing Tree,' Isobel says.  'It's new.'<br /><br />'I know it's new,' Marco says.  'Why didn't you tell me about it?'<br /><br />'I haven't had time to write you,'Isobel says.  'And I wasn't even sure whether or not it was something you had done yourself.  It seemed like something you might have made.  It's lovely, the way wishes are added to it, by lighting candles with ones that are already lit and adding them to the branches. New wishes ignited by old wishes.'<br /><br />'It's hers,' Marco says.<br /><br />If the writer chose a different tense, it would have opened her up to a much wider array of options which can't be done otherwise.<br /><br />Lastly, in the very last chapter of the book, there is reference to an e-mail address.  I could have sworn the entire story took place before the internet.  I have no idea how that slipped by the editing room.<br /><br />To reiterate, the story is lovely, but the writing could use some tweaking.<br /><br />** 1/2 out of *****<br /><br />Note: Someone pointed out that it is possible the last chapter takes place in the technological era.  This last chapter is one of several throughout the book which is told from a character's perspective (hence the third person narrative) as he tells a story to another man.  In the previous chapter, it is stated that he is telling this story as of January, 1903.  Being that the chapter indicating the e-mail address is part of a story being told in 1903, this is obviously a glaring error.ly, the way wishes are added to it, by lighting candles with ones that are already lit and adding them to the branches. New wishes ignited by old wishes.'  'It's hers,' Marco says.  If the writer chose a different tense, it would have opened her up to a much wider array of options which can't be done otherwise.  Lastly, in the very last chapter of the book, there is reference to an e-mail address.  I could have sworn the entire story took place before the internet.  I have no idea how that slipped by the editing room.  To reiterate, the story is lovely, but the writing could use some tweaking.  ** 1/2 out of *****  Note: Someone pointed out that it is possible the last chapter takes place in the technological era.  This last chapter is one of several throughout the book which is told from a character's perspective (hence the third person narrative) as he tells a story to another man.  In the previous chapter, it is stated that he is telling this story as of January, 1903.  Being that the chapter indicating the e-mail address is part of a story being told in 1903, this is obviously a glaring error.
B002ZG976U|5.0|Hard to review a DVD - the content was great. It was a fabulous movie and I am sure I will watch it many times.
B0059XTTW8|3.0|Just to be clear. I was impressed with the film, its casting, and its direction. And it's impossible to say how I would have reacted if I had come to it fresh, but I didn't, and therefore I can only judge it as I found it, which is as a well made,skilfully acted and directed spy thriller, some way short of the masterpiece which other critics have claimed it as. I never really suspended my disbelief.First of all I applaud Alfredson(director of Let The Right One In) for choosing this subject.The outsider's perspective on British themes,here the subject of spying, treachery,the Cold War. Second,his utilisation of the best of British actors to play the roles and especially Gary Oldman.Thirdly,the compression of the vast material of le Carre's Tinker,Tailor into a two hour film,like \\"stuffing an elephant into a telephone booth\\".I prefer films which explore character and are well plotted,based on reality rather than myth,superheroes,fantasy,the crashbangwallop school of cinema.We are in a grey world of bureaucracy and idealogical struggles,the battle of wits,in a world of human foibles,mistrust,weaknesses.Smiley(Oldman) is brought back out of retirement to track down a traitor in the MI6,facing an adversary as brilliant and inscrutable as himself.Le Carre worked as an operative in the 50s and 60s and his identity was betrayed to the Soviets by the mole Philby,like the one in the film.The mole's option of betrayal is based on \\"an aesthetic choice as much as a moral one\\",the decline of Empire and anti-Americanism.Hurt,Cumberbatch,Firth and Strong all play pivotal roles.  The cinematography reflects well the smoky,claustrophobic,downbeat 70s.We are in a world that's in decline,a world that's passing away,with its drab interiors, filing cabinets,teletexes.The security services are managing decline and denial.Oldman is excellent by understating his performance,avoiding tics,Guinness-imitations, with a hint of menace and steel,not weakened by his wife's adultery,but using it like a chess piece in the game of ruthlessness.I do feel the first 15 minutes put the new viewer at a loss as to what was going on,wonder who half the people are, what their relationship is to each other,what their motivation is.Too much material gets crammed in:Ricki Tarr and the Russian woman,Smiley and Karla,Jim Prideux in a caravan at a prep school with overweight boy. Alfredson has to juggle many balls in the air,using heroic compression via flash back.However the characters aren't as fully developed as in the TV series so their relationships,although complex were more clear.You need the extended running time of the TV series or previous knowledge of the book to fully grasp the story.At the end of it, I found that I liked it, but not as much as I had expected to.The book,TV and film are different mediums and give different experiences.Somehow,here there was a lack of dramatic tension and the unmasking of the mole is an anti-climax.Go and see the TV series and Guinness and then decide how potential moles only have a bit part,the lack of emotional impact at the end.This is a light sketch not a finished artefact.
B004LWZW4C|5.0|Absolutely loved it!  I actually clapped at the end and said it was the best movie I had seen in 2011.  They answered all my questions, the fight scenes were great, and the new mutants (minus angel) were Fantastic!  I would highly recommend - It is going in my collection.
B005BRS8Z6|5.0|This book is a MUST have book...it is a well written book with everyone in mind...once you read this book you will use everything to your day to day living and be more aware of others around you..you will read and reread this book.
0439813786|5.0|[[ASIN:0439813786 The Invention of Hugo Cabret]]  This brilliantly illustrated novel takes you on an amazing adventure. Yes, the book is large, but it has many black and white detailed illustrations theat help your imagination go wild.  \\"ORPHAN, CLOCK KEEPER, AND THIEF, twelve-year-old Hugo lives in the walls of a busy Paris train station, where his survival depends on secrets and anonymity. But when his world suddenly interlocks with an eccentric girl and the owner of a small toy booth in the train station, Hugo's undercover life, and his most precious secret, are put in jeopardy. A cryptic drawing, a treasured notebook, a stolen key, a mechanical man, and a hidden message all come together...in The Invention of Hugo Cabret.\\"  It will make you child fall in love!   His next book: Wonderstuck is just as amazing!!
0761129235|5.0|I have purchased the kindle edition of this book. I was pleasantly surprised. The book gives several effective strategies that evolve around the basic philosophy of the book; a small (or tiny) step at a time will make huge changes in your life before you know it. Thanks to the author.
B001GCUO4S|1.0|If you are a fan of the first 3, never watch this junk.  I love the first 3 movies and this is not in the same class as any of them.  I really thought this was a spoof made by someone else.  It would have been better if it was a spoof of the first 3.
0765365278|5.0|This is an amazing from start to finish. By the end of the book I could not stop thinking about the whole story. The mythology, the characters, the whole world he created (Roshar) - all so well thought out. I am very eagerly awaiting the next installment of this epic series.  Fantasy readers looking for a new series will not be disappointed.
030788743X|1.0|After reading all the glowing reviews, I am at a loss to understand what people see in this plodding, pedantic, juvenile novel.<br /><br />First let me say that I grew up in the 80's (born in 77) and I remember a lot of the video games and movies and other nostalgia that makes up far too much of this book. I love the 80's and it's fun to reminisce. But the author packs SO many 80's references in that it often seems he is just checking off a list to impress us. On pages 62-63, he name-checks 87 eighties movies, songs, bands, TV Shows, etc. EIGHTY-SEVEN! Many of them just in long comma-delineated lists. Seriously, you could get this from Wikipedia, and it would be just as much fun. Throughout the book, the author seems to be screaming \\"Hey! Look at all the cool eighties stuff I remember! Wasn't that a great time! Wasn't I so hip back then!\\" Unfortunately, when he butchers leetspeak by spelling 1337 \\"L33t\\", he loses all geek street cred.<br /><br />As for the story, I realize this is his first novel, but it is so lacking in story, depth and characterization that it is embarrassing. You know those tense moments in most novels and movies, when the hero is unexpectedly confronted with conflict? When the bad guy surprises him and disarms him? When a trusted ally steps aside at a critical moment and reveals his true allegiance is to the enemy?  WELL, there is none of that here. Not to spoil anything, but the heroes basically walk through the story and perform each task they plan exactly as intended with NO challenges, surprises or scary threats. Its as if a middle school kid wrote this stuff.<br /><br />Finally, for a story supposedly based in the future (2045), there seem to be a lot of anachronisms. The author prudently refers to generic \\"internet service providers\\", but then blatantly plugs YouTube numerous times. So often that one questions whether it is a paid product placement. Also, does anyone really think the pejorative \\"asshat\\", which shows up throughout the book,will still be in wide use 30 years from now? (It has already come and gone from modern lexicon).<br /><br />In summary, I really don't want to be a hater. I thought the concept for this story sounded great and I really wanted to like it. But the novel is undone by:<br /><br />1) Its condescending over-use of 80's references<br />and<br />2) Its complete lack of a 3-act story structure (for reference, the 2nd act should entail the story developing through \\"a series of complications and obstacles, each leading to a mini crisis. Though each of these crises are temporarily resolved, the story leads inevitably to an ultimate crisis--the Climax\\")<br /><br />Perhaps many readers are kind in their reviews because they are so enveloped in the warmth of 80's nostalgia, which the author has a genuine fondness for, that they forgive the story's shortcomings. Personally, I'd rather fire up WarGames on demand and then play Pitfall on an Atari 2600 emulator to fulfill that craving.
0060899220|2.0|The fact that it took me 7 months to finish this book should tell you most of what you need to know about this book.<br /><br />There were certainly things I liked. I do love to cook and it was interesting to get some insight into a professional cook/chef's world. However, I felt like the biggest problem with this book was that he didn't know who he was writing for. Portions of the book are written as though the reader knows nothing about professional cooking and goes over some very basic information. Others are written with tons of `inside jokes' and terms that the average person would not know. There isn't much I dislike more than inconsistency in a book.<br /><br />I also felt that Mr. Bourdain was annoying as hell. He was so damn proud of himself, and even his self-deprecating humor didn't do much to convince me that he doesn't think he's the most fabulous person on the earth. The prose was overly complicated and it regularly took him forever to get to the point.<br /><br />The sexism, racism and homophobia in this book really rubbed me the wrong way as well. He was completely unapologetic about it and insisted that it's just `the way things are' and that these people aren't really racist - they just say racist things all the time! Duh! I was embarrassed by the way Mr. Bourdain felt the need to fall all over himself every time there was a mention of a successful woman in the kitchen, as though a few mentions of women makes up for all his sexism. It's kind of like your neighborhood racist insisting that he's not racist because he has himself a black friend!<br /><br />All that said, there were some interesting chapters. I learned a few things and there wasn't really a point where I considered giving up on this book. It just didn't excite me enough to pick up on a regular basis.
B00005JM02|5.0|In my opinion this show is not educational and I don't really allow my child to watch movies that teach nothing however now and again we allow him to watch movies for entertainment. This movie he will watch again and again on movie night and enjoys all the toons and talks about the movie a lot and brings him joy.
030788743X|5.0|Great trip back to the future that was. Movies, music, games. If you ever stood in an arcade with a dollars worth of tokens, watched a Star Wars movie, or bought that new album on the day it was released, you will grok this book.   Re-live, long and prosper!
B000VNMMPM|4.0|First of all I must say I got this as a gift from my boy friend and I did not think I would like it a few min in to it. However I continued to watch because well it was a gift and I am glad I kept watching it!<br /><br />It is a very low budget film so you have been warned! I liked the story myself and it is subtitled. It had a nice lay out and was in black and white i found the director does not need a ton of money and special effects even color to draw you in to the story.<br /><br />I am not a fan of b films or black and white but i did enjoy this movie.
B004LWZVZC|4.0|Tremendous film.  I have no doubt that Redford made this to compare the emotions of Americans then to the emotions of Americans today.  President dead - throw out the law.  Twin Towers - throw out the law.  Booth - trapped with no escape and shot.  Osama - trapped with no escape and shot.  Capture these men and find out more truth.  Nope, I guess the truth is not want we want.  Great film.
0375842209|5.0|This author has a true gift with words and storytelling. I've read many WwII/Holocaust books, but this is the best! The author has created some incredible characters that you can't help but fall in love with. Terrific!
B004FRX0MY|4.0|I wish I could move the play/pause buttons to top of screen. Integration with cloud drive is nice. I like this better than stock.
B004XJHBCE|5.0|Great app for anyone who runs custom ROMs.<br /><br />Android homescreen folders are not transferable between many custom ROM's.  But FolderOrganizer categories are - it remembers all of your App categories.<br /><br />Big added benefit: every time an app installs FolderOrganizer asks you (via the notification bar) to categorize it.  This will make it automatically appear in the Homescreen folder widget.<br /><br />Don't know how I lived without it!
B005LLSZNM|3.0|I have now seen the tackiest wedding in the history of tacky weddings.  The boys are full of pointless perfidy, silly games and noisy, obnoxious behavior that makes me wish I drove an 18-wheeler with a huge snow-blower on the front.<br /><br />I really hope the plot gets more interesting, because right now it makes about as much sense as a Daffy Duck cartoon.  At least I don't want to gag when I look at Taz or even Yosemite Sam.
0439813786|5.0|First, I was thunderstruck by Wonderstruck. Now, I want to commend and herald, Hugo Cabret.<br /><br />Three days ago, I `fell' across Wonderstruck, the new amazing piece of fiction from Brian Selznick.  Then, just HAVING to know it all, I ran back to the bookstore and purchased his first visual creation titled, The Invention of Hugo Cabret, which was made into a movie. Of course, at that time, I did not realize what this man - this author/artist - could do.<br /><br />Hugo Cabret is a young boy who has seen a great deal of difficulty. He had a truly loving father who worked at a museum, and used to take Hugo there to explore. His father had found an `automaton' - a mechanical man sitting at a desk with a pen in his hand. These automatons were wind-up figures with hundreds of little moving parts that magicians used to use in their acts a long time ago; many magicians actually started out as clockmakers, so they understood the millions of movable parts inside an automaton, and they made sure the ones they created would thrill and excite the crowds.<br /><br />When this particular automaton worked, the `robot man' would write down something amazing with his pen. Hugo's father found this and worked for a good, long time trying to fix it in order to discover what this particular creation would write. One night, there was a fire, and Hugo's father was trapped inside.  Everything, in the blink of an eye, was gone.  EXCEPT the automaton and a notebook of pictures and directions that Hugo's father had left behind.  Hugo found the mechanical man in a pile of junk and took it, attempting to make the creation work for his father and himself.  He dreamed about what the man would finally write on his paper - perhaps it would be a message from his own father who he missed so much.<br /><br />Hugo was carted away by his uncle, a man whose job it was to be the timekeeper at the train station, keeping the clocks running. Soon the uncle disappeared and never returned, leaving the hard job to Hugo. Hugo lived inside the walls of the train station, trying to stay away from the Station Inspector so he wouldn't be caught and taken to the orphanage.  To survive, Hugo did steal little things like milk and croissants that people left out at the train station caf&eacute;, and he took things from a little old man who had a booth outside of the train station.  This little old man would come to work every day and Hugo watched him from inside the walls, through the clocks that faced the sidewalk. He would go to the man's booth because there were small wind-up toys that the man created, and Hugo needed the moving parts in order to fix the automaton.<br /><br />From here, the book escalates into one of the most beautiful stories ever told. The man in the booth is NOT who Hugo perceives him to be, and the relationship that they build with one another is a mystery and a beautiful journey of one amazing imagination leading another. Again, like the first book I read, I was taken on a path of dreams, with characters that never gave up on the fact that a `magic trick' can be so much more.<br /><br />This is truly a book that you begin in the darkness, just before the screen lights up in a movie theatre to draw you into a story of action, suspense, love, family, friendship, and kindness - spurring your imagination and making ALL watchers and readers want to be writers.  If all writers could give even 5% of the beauty and love that Mr. Selznick gave in his two stunning novels, than the world would be populated with dreamers and believers - a fantastic group of people!alls of the train station, trying to stay away from the Station Inspector so he wouldn't be caught and taken to the orphanage.  To survive, Hugo did steal little things like milk and croissants that people left out at the train station café, and he took things from a little old man who had a booth outside of the train station.  This little old man would come to work every day and Hugo watched him from inside the walls, through the clocks that faced the sidewalk. He would go to the man's booth because there were small wind-up toys that the man created, and Hugo needed the moving parts in order to fix the automaton.  From here, the book escalates into one of the most beautiful stories ever told. The man in the booth is NOT who Hugo perceives him to be, and the relationship that they build with one another is a mystery and a beautiful journey of one amazing imagination leading another. Again, like the first book I read, I was taken on a path of dreams, with characters that never gave up on the fact that a `magic trick' can be so much more.    This is truly a book that you begin in the darkness, just before the screen lights up in a movie theatre to draw you into a story of action, suspense, love, family, friendship, and kindness - spurring your imagination and making ALL watchers and readers want to be writers.  If all writers could give even 5% of the beauty and love that Mr. Selznick gave in his two stunning novels, than the world would be populated with dreamers and believers - a fantastic group of people!
B0040UAYI4|1.0|This device, at least for me, did not work. At all. Did nothing. Zero. Nada. I programmed it exactly according to the instructions (which are written in an amateurish manner at best). Plugged it in to the PS3. Nothing. Would not recognize any inputs at all from either keyboard or mouse. Repeated the whole process with multiple mice and keyboards. Doubtful it was an error on my part as I am an engineer in the computer field. Am returning it.
0061876747|4.0|Have you ever set aside a book promising yourself to read it later, because another book came along that you were dying to read? Then another book comes along that was well hyped and then another. Eventually you find that first book under a pile of other books you have read. You finally get a chance to read it and it turns out this book is better than many of the other books you read since you first set this one aside. [[ASIN:B004F9OV5C Ordinary Thunderstorms: A Novel]] is that book. Adam Kindred is a young man who strikes up a casual conversation with a stranger in a small Italian bistro in a suburb of London. From this minor encounter his life begins to fall apart like a tumbling row of dominoes. He is  soon running from not only the police, but also a killer who is desperate to find him. Adam sees only one way out, to disappear. But how do you disappear in a city that has more closed circuit televisions scanning the populace than any other city in the world. How do you not leave a trail, when any financial transaction or a meeting with a public official could be recorded and lead back to you. It is after all, the information age. We are all tied in myriad ways to the grid. How do you utterly disappear in the heart of London? I enjoyed this book very much. I felt a couple of the scenarios were a bit thin, but the author pulled them off. The writing was very good overall. The characters were deftly brought to life. I found myself routing for the hero to persevere. Perhaps we all have that subliminal desire from time to time to vanish from our present lives and see if we could start over again. This book was provided for review by the well read folks at Harper Perennial.
B0058A119G|5.0|we are enjoying this selection very much as we drive in the car- we heard about it while wataching PBS special aon t.v.a a few weeks ago.  iz mendel
B00005UWMX|5.0|I was really over joyed by how quick I recevied the item and very pleased with how the movie played.
B0036S4CTS|3.0|good structure.  good sense of humor all over the story.  the characteristics of both two main char are clear.  a little bit too much in some parts, sometimes made me &#34;jump-read&#34;.  actually, dexter was really an idiot!
B00008V5VN|5.0|\\"You can communicate with crickets if your outside. You just have to tap on a hard surface, rhythmically.\\"  Sleep's Dopesmoker is an incredible album. It's an album that is as much of an attempt at an epic fantasy novel, as it is an endorsement of an altered state, as represented by Emu stomach drones and metal-soul tones. Sabbath drip, but no note-for-note trip.   I smoked dope a few minutes ago.   The downstrokes/downbeats in this song/album make you know they have researched the feeling.   This is the only song that really matters.   Even if you belong to the non-imbibing freeloader sect. You will understand why we have to be martyrs of the leaf. You will hear this song and realize why we, the foggy children of Nazareth, have to set these deep frequencies. We have other options but this option is the only one that is \\"badass\\".    ___O____O____O___O____
1604680547|5.0|I bought this for a friend who just bought a long arm quilting machine and she loves the book.  There are a great many designs and she expects to use many of them.
B004LROMSO|3.0|In short, Camelot feels like someone saw how popular HBO series like True Blood are and thought, \\"Hey!  Let's do that to the King Arthur legend!\\"  Camelot is a sexed up, melodramatic retelling of the Arthurian legends, and while it isn't particularly bad, it's not exactly great either.<br /><br />The good stuff:<br />The casting is very good, and the actors all do a really nice job with the material they're working with.  Jamie Campbell Bower is pretty good as Arthur-as-a-young-man, playing the character as both intelligent and naive.  He wants to do the right thing for his kingdom, but he's still just a kid trying to figure out what on earth just happened to him.  Eva Green starts off as a wonderful Morgan, a woman who is vengeful and power-hungry (a stereotype that I'm admittedly pretty tired of), though the character takes a turn for the cartoonish toward the end of the series.  Joseph Fiennes is great as Merlin, playing the character much more morally ambiguously than many Merlins before him, and I'm actually sad that we didn't have more Merlin in this series.  Fiennes was one of the strongest actors involved.  The other supporting characters are also well-played, from Arthur's knights to Sinead Cusack as a Machiavellian nun.<br /><br />The costuming and set design are both lovely if occasionally anachronistic.  I really loved the costumes, and they do look appropriately medieval as long as you don't try to figure out exactly when the series is set.  The cinematography is also very nice, although the CGI leaves something to be desired.<br /><br />The not-so-good stuff:<br />No matter how good the actors are, they just couldn't save the show for me.  The writing isn't great and the pacing is atrocious.  I spent half of the series bored to death, even though I'm sure I was supposed to be riveted based on all of the lying and obfuscation and magic going on.  The entire season's plot felt like it should have been the story for four episodes at most, and if they had condensed some of the more painful elements (the betrayal/romance storyline between Arthur and Guinevere, for example), the show would have been much more enjoyable.<br /><br />The writers did try to turn some of the most familiar elements of Arthurian legend on their heads, but it just wasn't enough.  The big surprises in the plot are laughably predictable, and in the season finale, I spent half of my time saying \\"I told you that would happen\\" to my fiance as we watched.<br /><br />On top of the pacing issues, I felt like the sex and nudity was just thrown in for titillation.  Nothing wrong with a little tittilation, I think, but after about the fifth time we had lingering shots of the women's breasts (and very little in the way of male nudity; come on now, Starz), I was over it.<br /><br />I like Arthurian legend and I like seeing what new adaptations people come up with.  Even though Camelot treaded a lot of new ground, it just didn't tread it gracefully enough for me to really like it.  It's an okay series, but just that: okay.  And since the series hasn't been picked up for a second season, you won't get much closure at all in season one.  Unless you're a big fan of the actors involved, I can't really recommend this show.ments (the betrayal/romance storyline between Arthur and Guinevere, for example), the show would have been much more enjoyable.  The writers did try to turn some of the most familiar elements of Arthurian legend on their heads, but it just wasn't enough.  The big surprises in the plot are laughably predictable, and in the season finale, I spent half of my time saying \\"I told you that would happen\\" to my fiance as we watched.  On top of the pacing issues, I felt like the sex and nudity was just thrown in for titillation.  Nothing wrong with a little tittilation, I think, but after about the fifth time we had lingering shots of the women's breasts (and very little in the way of male nudity; come on now, Starz), I was over it.  I like Arthurian legend and I like seeing what new adaptations people come up with.  Even though Camelot treaded a lot of new ground, it just didn't tread it gracefully enough for me to really like it.  It's an okay series, but just that: okay.  And since the series hasn't been picked up for a second season, you won't get much closure at all in season one.  Unless you're a big fan of the actors involved, I can't really recommend this show.
0307346617|5.0|I really love this book.  It's very well written, believable, and very hard to put down.  I recommend it to anyone.  There is some graphic description, violence, and language.)
B00136Q6DA|3.0|When Sara Bareilles is good she's very, very good. The quality of \\"Love song\\" alone is worth the price of the album. Her voice is reminiscent of many great soul singers, Dusty Springfield for one. But she definitely has her own unique style. Her voice and style can make an uninspiring song worth listening to. There are several tracks on this album which seem to lack something. However, I was very impressed by not only \\"Love Song\\" but also \\"Bottle it Up\\" and \\"Love on the Rocks\\" I would recommend this album for any Sara Bareilles fan.<br /><br />Jennifer K. Lafferty<br />Author of Offbeat Love Stories and More
B004I8WD6E|5.0|The case came as it was described.  Pleased with the purchased.  The screen protector needed some finesse to put it on and definitely not recommended to placing it several times to line up all the proper holes.  However, I was pleasantly surprised by the customer service.  The case had a tiny pink dot at the edge and my iphone was the white which meant that it showed.  The dot really wasn't that big but it bothered me.  I contacted Amazon and they immediately sent out a replacement without charge.  Over all I am very happy with the product and Amazon.
0393338827|5.0|Disclosure: I have spent the last 12 years working in the retail brokerage business in Canada.  I feel that I am familiar with the mindset of investors, having dealt with the average Canadian investor these years.  My experience has been only slightly involved in options, none of them commodities, all of them bets on plain stocks.  I have worked through several massively important events.  9/11 was one such time and the market implosion of 2008 is another.  Even now with the Eurozone poised to the precipice with collapse, with Greek default all but a certainty, there is hardly a day that goes by without a creeping sense of doubt that the masters of the financial universe can hold the whole ball from coming apart.    This is such a great book to read for several reasons.  The author has a gift for story telling that lessor authors grind their teeth in envy over.  And what a story.  For me, one of the most important quotes NOT in this book comes from the film \\"Wall Street\\" where the villainous Gordon Gecko says \\"greed is good\\".  This one phrase captured the essence of all that motivated legions of hungry men as they brought their insatiable appetite for more power, wealth and prestige to Wall Street.  The concept of conscience was anathema.  Higher profits was the reason to take another breath.  There was no price that was not worth paying to scale the heights, even at the expense of the soul.  These same legions of financial soldiers never read the story about Faustus selling his soul to the devil.  The enablers of these legions, one comes to understand, were their own countrymen.  Once the hounds of greed had been unleashed on an equally rapacious public, the seeds of destruction were planted.  This much we know.  What this book comes to explain is that very few had early insights into the black clouds that they predicted would consume the sky, would destroy the very foundations of financial towers.  Perhaps this book is a portrayal of really how very few human beings can separate themselves from the \\"group\\", can have an epiphany that is entirely unique to group mind.  How the very few who actually figure out how rigged the game is and can actually take a stand against the entire monstrosity and with guts, determination and the blessings of good fortune, survive the demolishing implosion of total systemic failure.    I am also reminded of the very few whistle blowers who approached the SEC and laid down the argument that Bernard Madoff could not be doing what he was claiming to do in any legal way - and were scoffed at or ignored.  What I come away with from this book is that my own personal conviction that no justice will be served, that there will be no closure until the heads of the three major ratings houses in New York, Moodys, Fitch and S&P are taken away in chains to serve very long jail sentences.  That the Obama administration has caved into the very deep pockets of the lobbyists hired by Wall Street is a black mark on his presidency.  That nothing of any great systemic change has come about is a disgrace. At the least what Congress must act on is a restoration of the Glass-Steagle Act.  Without these and other measures in place, the monsters of Wall Street will strike again.  Why wouldn't they?  Considering that the government has decided that certain institutions were too big to fail and the precedent has been set to have tax payers bail out the imbeciles who had blown themselves up, had allowed these same companies to reward their chief stewards of mass financial destruction with disgustingly huge bonuses, it is only a matter of time till the next implosion and the next bailout.   I cannot praise this book high enough.  It is a soft pedaled condemnation.  Historians will continue to write their versions of what happened and why.  The culprits are known.  Alan Greenspan, perhaps the smartest Fed Chief in US history who turned out to be an Ayn Rand prole, who was wrong on just about every single assumption he broughtto bear as the most powerful financial decision maker.  Bill Clinton who oversaw the deregulation of Wall Street.  George Bush Junior, who encouraged Americans to believe that it was their natural right for everyone to own a home, regardless of the rules of ownership that past generations were willing to abide and which now were turfed out the window.  The regulators at the SEC who were only too willing to be the cheerleaders of the new Babylon.  The whores of Wall Street who, when not eviscerating each other, were blithely taking advantage of any fool who would buy their products.  The three ratings agencies who could not wait to blindly rate any toxic trash that Wall Street gave them, as long as the fees poured in, who cared?  The American people without jobs or much income who felt that they deserved a gigantic house without any care about how to pay for it.  The list is longer but I've just summarized.  The American people are a great people but one of their greatest weaknesses is their uncanny ability to deceive themselves, especially in times when sober assessments and a calm eye would serve them best. They love to hate Wall Street but most of it sounds like envy and therein lies the roots of the beast.  None of this would have happened if they had demanded higher standards of ethics and morals of themselves.  Wall Street was the sordid and very tarnished image of their own mind set.  It is ugly and revolting and it was unnecessary.  This book sheds light on the circus, on the orgy of greed; that corruption and destruction have followed the circus always happens.  History should be learned from and not ignored.
B00005JNQS|5.0|Our 4 and 6 year old boys watch this movie over and over again in the car...they love the action, silliness, characters and gadgets.  We love the messages about following your dreams, never giving up, and seeking to help others above making money.  It makes conversataions about these lessons fun and memorable.  Two big thumbs up from these parents and our kids!
B00004T0US|5.0|Absolutely one of the King's finest  albums from his long line of albums and singles, which unfortunately became his last official release.  At first, the live stuff was cool, but it really shows the time capsule of the era when listening now, but the singles Way Down and Moody Blue make this a instant smash listen.
0671027344|5.0|this book was cute and adorable and sweet i just wanted to hug the guy the whole time he was so nice though and people were surprisingly nice to him and it was nice the book was a good read and just really cute!
0553801473|1.0|Looks like the name of the game is draw out the series. This book is about a thousand pages of just filler.<br />It took five years to write this mess? Its just goes on and on and nothing happens. What does happen is<br />usually bad. At first it was ok but now it just gets old and depressing. Whenever GRRM runs out of ideas<br />he kills a Stark sorry it isn't clever anymore. Get yourself an editor and lighten it up.
0553384775|5.0|I really enjoyed the book.  The fun in the book is much more in the salacious details more so than any substance.  If you are looking for a serious piece of expose writing, then perhaps there are better books out there.  But what this book is is a rollicking ride through the rock and roll life style Belfort lived for a few years.  I would equate this book more to a [[ASIN:0060989157 Motley Crue: The Dirt - Confessions of the World's Most Notorious Rock Band]], than to a Jim Cramer, or Motley Fool type how to be an investing god type book. I think all the varying reviews on the book really are people who expected one thing and got another.  The downward spiral of Belfort is chronicled in great detail, and its entertaining to read through, in a Charlie Sheen sort of way.
1439181780|5.0|im really not sure how good this book is i bought it fo my gf after she had heard from a fam member that it was a good book. she was very happy when it came but i havent seen her flip 1 page in it. idk ??
B003QCCS36|5.0|I had been hearing two songs on our local radio station from Boulder, CO  KBCO) but kept failing to hear who sang these great songs....I finally nailed it down, and so glad I did.  Ray LaMontagne reminds me of a male Joni Mitchell and a touch of old Steely Dan's \\"Ricky Don't Lose that Number\\" feel.  Soulful lyrics that make you think and take you back.
B002W7J3SO|5.0|The neatest thing about this movie, indeed about so many vintage Hitchcock films, is how well it's aged. The drama and tension is maintained by good acting by really good actors, good editing and a decent story line instead of relying on ever more eye-boggling special effects, chases, wide-screen gore and nothing-left-to-the-imagination sex. In fact, I was surprised at how blatantly sexy and forward Eva Marie Saint's character was ... this is after all 1959, deep in the Eisenhower erea. The young people who watched this movie with me, ages 18 and 24, enjoyed it thoroughly, as they did with other Hitchcock classics like Rear Window, The Man Who Knew Too Much and Vertigo.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|The premise is disturbing, simple and stunning. It is slow moving but enagaging - it is captivating and laced with plot. I recomend this book to anyone.
B001AW156U|5.0|That's it. It delivers what it promisses.  Sometimes it looses itself from the controller, but that's ok.  I haven't been using it much because I have to buy another PS3.
0142410705|5.0|This book is amazing, and it did not take too long to get to me. It was in great condition when I got it too. So far so good!
B004GUSG4M|2.0|The book starts with a nice story and takes you into it. Then it becomes boring because in every page you live same day.. anyway, I also doubt about why she tries to write everything and dont have a tape recorder? is not it much easier and convenient to grab all..
B004EPYZSU|5.0|When did movies stop being truly fun.  Indiana Jones?  Star Wars? Say what you will about them they were fun, above all else.  That's what makes them classics with tons of re-watch-ability.    Cowboys V Aliens is fun.  If i had to describe it i would say mix Indiana Jones with a Luis L'Amour book and a Sci-fi war movie and keep the setting and plot believable and interesting you would get C v A.  Love It.  P S: Don't watch this if you have no imagination.
B005DZMP00|4.0|As always the Dead deliver as one of the best musical outfits of all time.  But I have to say the packaging is horrific... Nothing, notta, just white cardboard sleeves. Do yourself a favor and hit the download button as you will be enjoying it instantly and not be missing a thing.  Celebrate Jerry, The Dead, & support great music!
0142419400|5.0|Don't be fooled by the \\"YA\\" (young adult) category. This book is not just for teens.   I've read some great recommendations for this book, so I ordered it on Kindle on a whim. I'm an avid Francophile and Paris is one of my favorite cities. Didn't know much about the story, so I hoped that it would at least be decent. Little did I realize that this book would not only cater to the Paris fan in me, but also the Anglophile who loves British-accented romantic heroes.   A couple of chapters later, and I'm hooked. Anna is a delightful, refreshing and hilarious young woman who is resentful of her parents' shipping her off to Paris to attend a private boarding school. She leaves her friends and family in Atlanta, Georgia and doesn't care (and know much) about Paris. She can't speak French, is scared to explore Paris on her own, can't figure out the food and the metro, left a budding romance with her crush Toph and misses her friends and family. Her new boarding school neighbor Meredith Chevalier feels sympathy for the newbie and takes her in. She is invited to eat breakfast the day after she arrives at school and meets Meredith's friends Rashmi, Josh, and the charming Etienne St Clair. Things start to look up. She develops an instant crush on St Clair but is disappointed to find that he has a girlfriend and seems to only want Anna as a friend. Anna herself can't decide who or what she wants - her cute \\"could be-boyfriend\\" Tosh who is waiting at home in Atlanta or this witty and gorgeous French-Anglo-American (did I mention that Etienne has a killer British accent and speaks fluent French)? As Anna and St Clair's friendship deepens, so do the complexities. St Clair has a long time girlfriend Ellie, her close friend Meredith also has a crush on St Clair, Tosh still seems interested, St Clair himself is an enigma, and Anna can't help herself and falls in love with her new best friend.  I won't spoil the story for everyone. Needless to say, I found this book utterly charming. Perkins understands that love isn't always easy - and Anna goes through a series of emotional highs and devastating lows. It is funny and sweet, but has its moments of drama. It keeps readers on their toes as the various relationships develop then threaten to fall apart. Anna and her friends and family are fully realized characters and the story and her experiences are completely relate-able. And may I add that Paris itself is an important character in this book. Anyone who has been there will be transported yet again to Notre Dame, the Pantheon, Jardin du Luxembourg and the lovely corners and streets of the Latin Quarter where much of the book takes place. I enjoyed every minute of reading this book. It's an absolute gem and I wish it didn't have to end. I am looking forward to hearing more from Stephanie Perkins and I hope she has many more books to come that are as delicious and enchanting as this one.
B000UD08HW|5.0|After seeing this and recording on the DVR off HDNet, was pleased to get the full concert.  Only complaint was that unlike the DVR of HDNet, the color saturation was terrible on the BRDVD requiring me to go in a reset all the color settings in order to view it with out all of the saturation.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|Great game and a great way to kill time will waiting for the kids, before long time has rolled by - would love  to see it get updates. Thanx
B004SBS8LA|5.0|i love the angry birds saga.  this is a great addition to the original and seasons.  the ultimate time killer and i've even had some nice talks with people in waiting rooms who happened to peer over my shoulder.
B00127RAJY|1.0|I did it for a full month and didn't lose a pound!  I did, however, lose quite a bit of flexibility.  Not worth the time or the effort.
B0032JTV6U|5.0|Got my product in time and had absolutely no problems with my order. Really happy with my product and will definitely be using Amazon again.
B0050SYS5A|1.0|like i'm shocked by the negative commented above the zoom,I started search online and i found that microsoft create the magnieye the only problem they don;t have a realise day.
B003D0ZNL0|3.0|Having known Kempe's recordings for decades, I'm surprised by their elevation to classic status across the board. to my ears he was a \\"centrist,\\" to use the lead reviewer's kind term for conventional, in Beethoven and Brahms. In fact, the Beethoven that reviewers raved over while it was out of print seems like the work of a skilled but unimaginative Kapellmeister. If your ideal of Beethoven, however, is gunter Wand and Eugon Jochum, these  performances are cut from the same cloth. The same is true, with minor differences, for the Brahms and Dvorak. In Scheherazade Kempe is a fish out of water, delivering a stolid German account. The Mendelssohn Midsummer Night's Dream music is unexceptional but certainly good.<br /><br />As general opinion would have it, Kempe surpassed himself in Strauss and was very fine in the opera pit. the discs devoted to that repertoire are as exceptional as you would gather from their reputation. If I were to start anywhere with him, it would be with the great 1958 recordings of Don Juan and Don Quixote with the Berlin Phil. and Paul Tortelier rather than the later remakes in Dresden. But all the Strauss from Dresden, despite dated sound, remains very distinctive and appealing.<br /><br />I think the word \\"humanist,\\" which also cropped up in an earlier review, describes why devotees love Kempe - he is unassuming, direct, respectful, and in service to the great music he conducts.  If you feel the warmth of that glow, these recordings will have special meaning for you. For me, the results are hit and miss. In his generation of conductors, I would place Kempe below Fricsay by a considerable margin, and although he was younger, Kertesz is also superior to Kempe. I don't expect to change anyone's mind, yet I thought it worthwhile to say something in case newcomers get the impression that this conductor was one of the undiscovered or neglected greats. As with Kubelik, greatness cam out on occasion, but you must pick and choose.
030745455X|5.0|The book came in better condition than expected. It came quickly. I enjoyed reading it. I would order from this supplier again.
B004WOS3P4|5.0|Not only is David Cook easy on the eyes, he is easy on the ears also.  I've not found a song on this CD that I do not enjoy; that is unusual.  His voice is pleasant and has a wide range.  He doesn't just make noise - he sings and does it well. I highly recommend this newest release.
0142419400|5.0|Anna and the French Kiss was a fun and easy read filled with romance, humor and fun cultural references.  I have to say that I loved Stephanie Perkins' writing and look forward to more works by the author, especially Lola and the Boy Next Door due out on September 29th.  I loved the Parisian setting.  Personally, I was never the type to want to travel to a country where English isn't commonly spoken (yes, I'm lame), but, thanks to Steph Perkins, Paris is definitely on my list of top places to travel.<br /><br />I liked that all the characters had their own issues to deal with and grow from.  Anna's homesickness and issues with loneliness. Etienne's family issues, fear of heights, and his own fear of being alone.  I felt like all of the major characters in the book had their own subplots and I enjoyed being able to take a sneak peak into their lives.  I really liked Anna.  She started out scared and unsure of herself and slowly gained confidence and much needed insight into her relationships with others.  I enjoyed watching these relationships grow, especially the parallel between Anna's relationship with Bridgette and her relationship with Meredith.  But mostly, I LOVED Anna's relationship with Etienne.  So many times, we read about love at first sight, which I love and often fantasize about; But it was refreshing to watch Anna's and Etienne's relationship grow from a strong foundation of friendship over a long period of time.  It was very realistic.  The awkward moments.  The fights.  The flirtation.  But I really believed in their friendship.  No matter how Anna and Etienne felt about each other, they always had each others backs.  They helped each other grow.<br /><br />I like to base books on how often i find myself laughing out loud, or blushing, or crying.  Basically, how emotional a book can make me.  I loved this book!<br /><br />Review by at Mary Munar for [...]
B003H9M1QM|5.0|\\"Dumbo\\" is available in a Blu-ray 70th Anniversary Edition.  The shortest of the Disney animated classics at a mere 64 minutes, \\"Dumbo\\" has a simple story, told well.  The stork pays a visit to the circus, blessing most of the animals with new arrivals, including the elephant Mrs. Jumbo.  When the new baby sneezes, his ears unfold and they are enormous.  The other female elephants express horror and sarcasm.  Dumbo is relegated to the lowly clown act until he discovers that he can fly.  This turns him into the star attraction, and he and Mrs. Jumbo are rewarded with their own private car on the circus train.  The art work in \\"Dumbo\\" ranks with that of \\"Pinocchio\\" and \\"Bambi\\" and contains wonderful touches, highlighted by the \\"Pink Elephants\\" musical number, a hallucinatory dream sequence set to march tempo that occurs when Dumbo unknowingly drinks whiskey-laced water.  This surreal sequence contrasts with the otherwise realistic circus setting, with sight gags abounding.  The music also includes the Oscar-nominated \\"Baby Mine,\\" a touching lullaby sung by Mrs. Jumbo after she has been chained and locked away for causing a disturbance to protect Dumbo from being mistreated by some of the roustabouts.  \\"Dumbo\\" was in production for eighteen months from the time Walt Disney read the galleys of a story by Helen Alberson.  Critics were effusive in their praise, especially after the experimental, ambitious feature \\"Fantasia\\" failed to entrance either critics or the public.  In \\"Dumbo,\\" Disney returned to a traditional story line, and his artists were able to exercise their imagination, sense of fun, and ingenuity to create a tale with heart.  The two-disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo Pack's bonus extras include a deleted scene, deleted song, two animated shorts, making-of featurette, audio commentary, two games, and the original Walt Disney television introduction. This restored print marks the first time \\"Dumbo\\" has been released in high definition.
0131103628|5.0|The absolute essential first time learning book for new C programmers or as a quick reference for the more experienced programmers who switch in and out of programming in C. It's easy to read, easy to learn, and one of the best written programming books I've ever read or owned. It's missing some more advanced examples, but hits all of the basics (you can always search the web for the advanced stuff).
B0033AI48Y|4.0|\\"Life Is Beautiful\\" is a film that is daring in its attempt to create laughs in the realistic setting of the Holocaust, yet filled with considerable visual comedy  The movie opens in Italy in 1939. Guido (Roberto Benigni) is a carefree drifter with a modest dream of going to the city to open a bookstore.  Guido falls in love with Dora (Ncoletta Braschi, Benigni's wife), who is engaged to a humorless Fascist thug.  Guido wins her heart by sheer persistence and his tireless sense of humor.  Guido and Dora marry and have a son, Giosue, but by now Italy has been overtaken by the Nazis, who soon begin rounding up all Italian Jews, including father and son.  Dora insists on going with her family on the train to the work camp.  To protect his son from the real horrors of the camp, Guido tries to transform their plight by turning unpleasantries into games, always trying to shield the boy from what really takes place.  Benigni won an Academy Award for this film, which stirred controversy because of the conceit of turning the Holocaust -- even in fictional terms -- into a lighthearted comedy, which had never been done before.  The fact that we get to know Guido as a happy-go-lucky clown allows the second half of the movie to work.  Like Chaplin, Benigni has the ability to create big laughs through slapstick and sight gags in one scene, while eliciting pathos in another.  The balance works, as the viewer gets an escalating sense of the inevitable as Guido's games are harder to pass off as frivolity.  In addition to starring, Benigni co-wrote the screenplay and directed.  Blu-ray bonus extra include a making-of featurette, Academy Awards TV commercials, and theatrical trailer.
159420229X|4.0|Reading this book, I realized how much I rely on printed word to remember much of anything. It is the most memorable books that find a way to attach themselves into my memory--by sound, taste, touch, smell, and texture--and live there for a while. Memory is significant, when it links to important parts of what we cherish. We make connections so as to significantly make concrete what was purely an unattainable abstraction. With regards to internalizing books, the narration of how quantity versus quality has overtaken us since the invention of the printing press is an interesting slant to understanding how divorced we have become from really learning things. Memory plays a greater role in understanding, but it doesn't have to be attained via what is often touted as pernicious to a person's learning: rote learning, AKA \\"drill and kill.\\" It would be interesting to see the outcome of implementing these skills in today's schools. In closing, I thought this book was fabulous--if, in the least of capacities, as a narrative of a person's journey to remember to forget.
0385534639|5.0|The author does a wonderful job creating the circus and characters. There is a nice flow of character development and overall really enjoyed the read!
B003L77G6A|5.0|This is a wonderful show. In fact it's my favorite sit-com on TV at present. The first three seasons built in on one another with increasing excellence. This season continues to be the best show on the air; however, it seems to have fizzled a little compared to past seasons. I'm not sure if the novelty has worn off, the jokes a little less witty or the story line is loosing steam but I liked this season just a little less. Nevertheless it remains a hardy 5/5.  Bottom Line: Strongly Recommend.
B001GQSY5K|5.0|very nice product. looks and works great. we like it very much and it didn't take long to get here. we are pleased.
B003RD5WRI|5.0|Before actually reviewing this movie, I would just note that, in order to make sure that I got the correct English language version of this Blu-ray disc, I ordered my copy from the amazon.uk site (I will post a link to that webpage in the comments section).  The amazon.uk website lists the French language-only Blu-ray separately.  At the time of this writing, this Blu-ray is also cheaper when ordered on amazon.uk, even with the extra shipping costs.<br /><br />It should be noted that most of the dialogue for this movie was filmed and recorded in English, not French.  Jean-Marc Barr and Jean Reno and most of the other actors were bilingual/multilingual and spoke in English during filming (or, in the Italian scenes, in Italian).  Barr is French-American and partly grew up in the US, attending UCLA even, thus his unaccented American English in this film.<br /><br />And so the French soundtrack version of this movie is the dubbed version.<br /><br />This is a poetically beautiful movie, and it works on several levels, with the love story between Johana Baker (Rosanna Arquette) and Jacques Mayol (Jean-Marc Barr) anchoring the magical and mysterious ending of the original version of this movie.<br /><br />After watching this movie and being just thrilled by its poetry and beauty, I found a Youtube post of the ending of the American theatrical version, with the pasted-on Hollywood \\"happy ending\\" (Barr returns to the surface with the dolphin and the Bill Conti score cuts into the original Eric Serra soundtrack, blaring its insane happiness in the background).  What to say except that I was appalled by this utterly crass, brainless, and incongruous \\"happy ending\\" version.<br /><br />There are many other parts to this extended version - the beginning black and white scenes showing Jacques and Enzo as children, the beginnings of the rivalry for the deep free-diving records between the adult Enzo and Jacques, Jacques's work with the physiologist/physician Dr. Laurence, and Johana's mundane, boring life in America as an insurance adjustor.<br /><br />This is the extended version, the Director's Cut - comments from the amazon.uk site indicate that most people who have seen all the different versions (the American version, the shorter European theatrical version) think that this is the best, most complete and fleshed out version of this wonderful movie.  I remember the ads for this movie back in 1988, but this is the first time I have ever seen it.  The movie was the most successful movie of French cinema during the 1980's but struggled in the U.S., and I am glad that I never saw the US theatrical release.<br /><br />The story is a fictionalized version of the real-life story of the competition for the free-diving record from the mid-1960's to the early 1980's  between the real Jacques Mayol and Enzo Maiorca (changed to Enzo Molinari for this movie).  It is sad to know that Mayol committed suicide in 2003, alone and depressed.  Would that he had a real-life Johana and their child as companions in his old age.<br /><br />As an aside, I stumbled on this movie one night after re-watching the movie \\"The Name of the Rose\\".  I was curious what had happened to the mysterious and pretty peasant girl saved from burning at the stake in that movie (in the book, the girl burns).  Well, Valentina Vargas survived to play a small part in \\"The Big Blue\\" as Enzo's girlfriend.<br /><br />This is a wonderful, poetic movie, driven by a certain languid and Zen-like pace and philosophy.<br /><br />Go...go and see...urance adjustor.  This is the extended version, the Director's Cut - comments from the amazon.uk site indicate that most people who have seen all the different versions (the American version, the shorter European theatrical version) think that this is the best, most complete and fleshed out version of this wonderful movie.  I remember the ads for this movie back in 1988, but this is the first time I have ever seen it.  The movie was the most successful movie of French cinema during the 1980's but struggled in the U.S., and I am glad that I never saw the US theatrical release.  The story is a fictionalized version of the real-life story of the competition for the free-diving record from the mid-1960's to the early 1980's  between the real Jacques Mayol and Enzo Maiorca (changed to Enzo Molinari for this movie).  It is sad to know that Mayol committed suicide in 2003, alone and depressed.  Would that he had a real-life Johana and their child as companions in his old age.  As an aside, I stumbled on this movie one night after re-watching the movie \\"The Name of the Rose\\".  I was curious what had happened to the mysterious and pretty peasant girl saved from burning at the stake in that movie (in the book, the girl burns).  Well, Valentina Vargas survived to play a small part in \\"The Big Blue\\" as Enzo's girlfriend.  This is a wonderful, poetic movie, driven by a certain languid and Zen-like pace and philosophy.  Go...go and see...
B005COO1X6|3.0|I've always enjoyed King's novels, and happily purchased this kindle single.  I found the story engaging and the characters interesting, but couldn't help feeling that the ending was a bit contrived.  Perhaps the short story format doesn't suit me as well as his longer novels!
B005KAH7QU|5.0|I normally write really long reviews, but this time, no words come to mind except \\"awesomeness\\". Hanna is just awesome. Amazing story. Incredibly-well acted and terrific fight choreography. The Chemical Brothers soundtrack drives you through the whole film. This is an action-packed joyride of awesomeness, and the fact that it features a young woman as the strong figure makes it even better. If you like action/thriller/drama movies, and you don't like Hanna, you're probably not human, and you should probably get that checked out.
B003H9M1QM|5.0|When I was little I loved the movie \\"Dumbo,\\" and thinking about it now I probably haven't seen the movie since.  Now though that I have kids I love that I can re-live the Disney Classics with them, as well as the new movies that come out!  First I will admit I had no clue \\"Dumbo\\" was 70 years old!  I cannot believe it came out in 1941!<br />Now since I haven't seen \\"Dumbo\\" for quite some years, I was super impressed with the quality remake on the Blu-ray edition.  The colors are so vibrant and you would not think it is a 70-year old cartoon!<br /><br />If you have never seen Dumbo before, it is a movie about an elephant who is \\"different.\\"  Jumbo Jr. (Dumbo is a mean name he is called) has big ears and is teased terribly amongst the circus animals, even kids.  His mother defends him and is punished for that by being chained up.  A small mouse ends up being Jumbo Jr.'s only friend.  I think \\"Dumbo\\" is a great movie for kids to see how awful it makes people (or animals in this case) feel when they are teased and how it is okay to be different.<br /><br />With great animation, characters, and songs, \\"Dumbo\\" is a classic not to miss.  With my boys being 3 and 4, having the 70th Anniversary Edition came at a great time!  We have watched this Blu-ray a few times already, I still can't believe the movie is only about an hour long.  The Blu-ray + DVD combo is great because we now keep the Blu-ray inside and the DVD in the car!  Seeing a circus via Blu-ray quality is pretty awesome!
B0000041ZT|5.0|I bought this album because some of the work (Waltz 2 of Jazz Suite #2) was used for the Nero Wolfe series that I have enjoyed watching.  The album was recorded in 1993 but it sounds like it might have been recorded this year.  The music is very well performed, the recording is excellent and the music extremely entertaining.  It's one of my favorite albums.
B003EYVXYG|2.0|Not my favorite Romero movie by a long shot.  What was up with the fake Irish accents when it was supposed to be an island off the coast of Rhode Island???  I think Romero needs to let someone else write his scripts for him, because that is clearly not his strong suit.
B003XURDAY|4.0|Ridley is a great director, but Bud Yorkin (who produced the film and defends the now-missing voice-over) was integral to the greatness of this film, which depends HUGELY on the voice-over. Don't be fooled! This film is better, much better, in the original version. The scenes which are supposed to leave one wondering whether Deckard is also a replicant are lame and stupid - they add zero to the narrative and are precisely as Yorkin loabeled them: a cheat. Not only a cheat, but one which adds nothing to the story.  On the other hand, the best line of the ENTIRE film is in the voice-over, where Deckard sums up why (for heaven's sake why?) would the murderous killer spare Deckard in the end? It is stupid and untethered without it. Those who forgive this vital piece's absence are surely remembering the original, and so know the answer. For the love of heaven bring back the original  in Blu-ray!) and shun this lousy second effort.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|If you have a 3D picture and your bluray 3D equipmet which allows the up-conversion from 2D to 3D, do it!  You will se a huge difference, like watching a totally different movie.  The vewing experience will be improved 100%. Images are clear, crisp and become more vivid!  However, without any up-conversion, the box set quality and clarity looks much better than the DVD counterpart!<br /><br />In a different note, I did noticed that there are a bunch on negative reviews, and the mayority are prior to the box set release. How can someone objectvely review something that he or she has not seen yet? My suggestion is to watch the movie objectively FIRST, then make a comment.  I just see a bunch of heresay, without facts, comments based only on rumors and speculations!<br /><br />This reminds me of the various blogs and comments about the iPhone 5, were people express their opinions with no concrete evidence or facts, specially the phone can still be chaneged as we speak!  This will be a pointless discussion, nevertheless, people do it!  The same happened here, blah blah blah without a single shread of evidence!<br /><br />On the other hand, to our likeness or not, Mr. Lukas is the owner of the intelectual property of these movies and as such he has all the legal and moral rights to do as he sees fit with these movies!  We either enbrace it or we dont.  I have seen every Star Wars movie as they were released and seen all the changes as they were made.  But all the changes made, enhance the movie, take the viewing experience to the 21st century.  And if you pay close attention, the message and the escence of Star Wars is not lost; Good will triumph over evil.... These movies still trasend the changes that were made. Therefore, that's why they are and will allways remain classics!  If it was for some peple here, we will still travel in horse and carriage!  If technology can remaster and allow the box set to be better, why not?<br /><br />If people like the original versions good, the still have the VHS to enjoy enjoy and cherish! This is like The Beatles catalog being degitalized and then remastered.  You will allways have the purist and misconformed whom will say that the original lp's with their clicks and clacks sounded better!  No problems, stay in the analog era or jump to the digital era, your choice!  Regardless of analog, digital or remastered the message remins the same... All you need is Love...<br /><br />Clear your mind and watch the Box Set as if you were seen it for the first time, or pure fun and entratainment!<br /><br />Let's be fair, watch it, then and only then, write a comment.<br /><br />I most strongly recommend this set, but then again, do not take my word for it, take a look by yourself and enjoy!enjoy and cherish! This is like The Beatles catalog being degitalized and then remastered.  You will allways have the purist and misconformed whom will say that the original lp's with their clicks and clacks sounded better!  No problems, stay in the analog era or jump to the digital era, your choice!  Regardless of analog, digital or remastered the message remins the same... All you need is Love...  Clear your mind and watch the Box Set as if you were seen it for the first time, or pure fun and entratainment!  Let's be fair, watch it, then and only then, write a comment.  I most strongly recommend this set, but then again, do not take my word for it, take a look by yourself and enjoy!
B00003CXB4|5.0|This movie is one of my daughter's favorite. Previously had the movie on VHS but had to have in DVD format. It happens to be one of my all time favorites. She unfortunately purchased one on EBay and was scammed out of her money, so Mom came to the rescue and purchased this one through a fantastic web site, Amazon where you just cannot go wrong. I love this movie and especially Amazon! Thank you for a web site people can trust! You truly made my daughter's day!
0393340244|5.0|Fine has collected comprehensive, convincing research that backs up her main message-- that most (if not all) gender difference is learned and that years of assumption and sexism have created the idea that girls are bad at math and better at personal connections than boys.<br /><br />While the science is sound, the writing style (with humor!) makes this an easy read for the lay person. Anyone with a daughter should read this book.
B002ZG98Z0|4.0|I agree with the other reviews. The Sex and the City 2-part finale of the original series was indeed the best.  I also agree that the first motion picture, Sex And The City 1 was a better movie than Sex And The City 2.   All of the Sex And The City series and movies are fabulous! I can't get enough of these ladies. I'm hoping that there will be a third installment. I know a lot of us are waiting for it. Come on Sarah! Give us what we're waiting for. If you are reading this and you have followed Carrie, Mr. Big and the rest, I highly recommend these movies but i'd watch them in order. These are pure enjoyment!
0307346609|5.0|By setting the novel in a world war against zombies, Max Brooks writes from the perspective of characters from around the world.  His short vignettes provide powerful testimony to what is common to all humans:  hope, courage, ingenuity, fear, perseverance.  This is a book for everyone - it's not about zombies, it's about us.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|Used other weather apps before, this is by far my favorite. As accurate as any, gives a great deal of information and the clock is awesome!  A definite keeper.
B0058A11AK|5.0|Streisand's new CD \\"What Matters Most\\" has her voice back in classic form.  \\"Windmills of Your Mind\\" has captivated me for a long time.  Alison Moyet's recording of the song on her lovely 2005 set \\"Voice\\" hovered near the pinnacle of my personal top ten.  Barbara's recording milks the drama and uses a string arrangement upon which her vocals float.  \\"Nice 'N' Easy\\" which was a great Frank Sinatra standard shimmers lovely here with Streisand's silky rendition, \\"We're on the road for romance, that's safe to say; But let's make all the stops along the way.\\"  I love the Brazilian feel of \\"So Many Stars,\\" delicious.  \\"That Face\\" oozes personality in Barbra's vocal reading.  This is a lovely, heartfelt CD that is a classic Streisand set.  Enjoy!
B005CZQ9I0|5.0|Just got around to listening to \\"What Matters Most\\" which I received as a gift last week.  I am a lifelong fan and it is always exciting when Streisand releases a new album, even though the final result is not always what we might be wanting.  But it's STILL Streisand.  This CD, however, is a real gem.  One of the trends that I'd noticed about Streisand's voice in the last 5 years was the raspy quality that sneaks in every once in a while.  It doesn't bother me at all; in fact it lends to her artistry.  But what I have really noticed with this CD so far is that there are a few more \\"belting\\" moments than there have been in the last few collections, and I welcome that.  She does show that she is still in marvelous control of that awesome instrument, and for that I am very glad!  Streisand fans will enjoy the CD!
B003ZSJ212|5.0|This is my most favorite release of Star Wars yet!. I love it, changes and all. The added dialogue to Vader is Seem-less and makes the film feel more EPIC!  [[ASIN:B003ZSJ212 Star Wars: The Complete Saga (Episodes I-VI) [Blu-ray]]]  This is how Star Wars should been seen!  And if you bought this just to give it a bad review, you need to grow up.  But, if you're a True Hard Core fan, buy this and don't complain because it's perfect! Never has any director or film maker thought so deeply about his work of art than George Lucas. For change is good and deeply refining process.  The HD Picture of all 6 films is awesome. It preserves the theatrical release quality of color and detail of each film. It's just like I remember if not BETTER! Also it's certified in THX meaning this is how George Lucas intended the film to too look on Blu-ray!  Also you finally get to see the real deleted scenes from the original trilogy in HD in the bonus features discs!!!  Picture 10/10  Sound 10/10  Extras 10/10  I love it with no regrets and neither should you (ie. the one reading this review.)  I bought this with my own money and watched it. Anybody who reviews this with out the label showing that they bought this blu-ray set is not to be trusted because they don't know what they are talking about.
B005OHSNMG|4.0|The show started out fairly unextraordinarily but grew on me.  The jokes were funny, but the ending was a little over-the-top.  I may watch it again, but it'll be at the bottom of the list, and I won't care much what happens to the show.
0199540594|5.0|Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius Antonius spent the last years of his life on campaign along the eastern margins of the Empire, warding off the incursions of barbarian tribes.  He kept a journal of his personal musings on the meaning of life, as they occured to him, far from home and family.  The format is a series of thoughts and private discourses, infused with the Stoic tradition popular among the Roman elite of his time.  It was a tradition whose teachings called for a simple, disciplined and humble life in acceptance of the will of a higher God, a tradition not incompatible with early Christianity.  Marcus Aurelius ended his days in A.D.180, but his questions and answers of himself are still worthy of consideration by a modern audience.  Highly recommended.
B0052GACNM|4.0|Duets 1 was much better. There are some singers on this Cd that are terrible. There are some singers on this Cd that are wonderful. Tony is the one that helps them all. I love the selection of songs. It is enjoyable.
B004IE9X5W|1.0|I downloaded the sample chapter onto my Kindle and yes, the line breaks are strange. It does not read flush left to flush right, but rather like poetry in couplets. Which is ironic, given how poorly poetry line breaks are done on many e-readers.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|This is quite sad. People have posted the appropriate comments and complaints, so I will not belabor the point. Suffice it to say that this is not worth your time or money. Gorge Lucas has murdered a classic and this release is now no par with the most recent Indiana Jones (another tragedy). Sir, I am done with you and your franchise I will no longer purchase Star Wars products because they are a pale representation of what once was... The sad thing is that I am only 25 and this is blatantly obvious to even me.
B005PDJBRU|3.0|Amazon, son I am dissapoint. I switched over here after iTunes pulled this \\"unavailable\\" nonsense on Doctor Who episodes. Now you tell me that I can buy/download the HD version of Closing Time, but not the SD version? Um. No. I hope it is fixed next week, because I have a season pass and I don't want to double pay for another episode. Yes, I love Who, but I also like paying for things only once.
B002ZG98LO|5.0|I liked the original Predator, but not Predator 2. This film reminded me of the first, as Adrien Brody was Excellent.
B003X5UFWW|5.0|Great story and action! This movie has it all, but most importantly it has great action scenes every so often and it doesn't feel over done or unnecessary as in other older kung fu movies.
0784011176|5.0|Visually stunning; enchanting musical score and an exemplary cast and director. I rarely purchase movies but this was one of those rare stories that touched and moved me.  This is one of my favorite dramas, ever!
B002BGFUPQ|1.0|2 Fast 2 Furious was pretty bad but Tokyo Drift is far and away the worst film of the series. It goes without saying that the first one was the best, but both Four and Five were also very entertaining. This film should be shown mandatory with subtitles because between the Japs and that dude with the Texas accent it's bordering on impossible to understand the dialogue in the film. This film has no redeeming qualities at all other than the Japanese bimbos in short skirts.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|I am a huge fan of Gaga; I have been since The Fame. Not only is she quite creative and very talented, but she's iconic in the way that Madonna was decades ago. She's taking a stand for social progress and inspiring people who feel like \\"freaks\\" (or monsters, LOL) to find their true colors and stick to them. Some people seem to feel that she's \\"trying too hard.\\" I can see what they mean, but I can also see how difficult it is to be in the limelight all the time, trying to make a positive difference, but needing to work on her career as well. I think that Gaga is doing the best she can; she's only human, after all. I personally loved Born This Way the song when it came out. It had such a positive, life-affirming message and was quite catchy as well. It was refreshing to experience the happy, soulful side of Gaga after the darkness of the Telephone video and such (a video I really liked, by the way.) I knew that many people would dislike the song, as it is for a certain taste.<br /><br /> It is refreshing and appropriate for the times to have a superstar who is such an advocate for diversity and acceptance. Lady Gaga may not be perfect, but she's awesome, in my opinion. She is her own person as well as her own artist, that's for sure.<br /><br />As for the music:  While Born This Way is not as strong of an album as the brilliant The Fame Monster, it's still very good. I like it just as much as the quirky-pop of The Fame, although they're very different from each other. BTW is experimental, creative, funky, and appealingly non-commercial compared to the Fame (even though I do enjoy commercial-pop).  The lyrics are clever and often inspirational. My fav tracks are Marry The Night, Born This Way, Judas, Electric Chapel (my fav song on the album; so haunting and wonderful), and You and I. But I loved the album as a whole; it all flows together and is  moody (not as in depressing, but more that it sets a certain energy/mood), very stylish and even a little punk-ish.<br /><br />  Lady Gaga is def. one of the strongest pop artists around these days. She has brains, beauty, a quirky charm, talent, and is a breath of fresh air after the swarm of all-the-same female pop superstars  that have surfaced in the past ten years. I hope Gaga continues to make great music and to be the true artist she is - someone who takes creativity and artistry to a whole new level, even to the point of fashion statements!e of the strongest pop artists around these days. She has brains, beauty, a quirky charm, talent, and is a breath of fresh air after the swarm of all-the-same female pop superstars  that have surfaced in the past ten years. I hope Gaga continues to make great music and to be the true artist she is - someone who takes creativity and artistry to a whole new level, even to the point of fashion statements!
0312370849|5.0|I couldn't put it down!!!!  I specifically liked how the author went back and forth from story to story.  A must read!
B00139XZF4|5.0|I love this movie. I wish that they would make more movies. My mother also loves this movie! I really don't understand what the controversy over this film.
B001GUXJQA|5.0|The Black Ice, Harry Bosch's second case, confirms Michael Connelly as inheritor of the mantle of the Noir genre of mystery/police procedurals from Chandler and Hammett...not that Harry is ever tied to procedures. (For those of you who have not read any Connelly...his books are always self-contained. You do not need to read one to understand the others.) Harry is a lone wolf police detective always bucking the brass in his desire to solve the case. I won't even give the plot away. I'll just tell you that you can't go wrong by taking the time to read this work. BTW, I'm re-reading the series in order just to savor Connelly's writing.<br />Thanks Michael for all of the wonderful stories!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|A painter doesn't go back to a masterpiece after thirty years and paint over it.  A fisherman cannot recatch a trophy size fish and get twice the credit for it.  Changing art after so long of a period of time is an attempt by George Lucas to appear to regain some of his brilliance--that is disgraceful.
1609611543|2.0|While this book did scare me into reducing my wheat intake, I was disappointed to see Davis join the low-carb crowd in the end based on dubious assumptions.  He says that when the government started recommending a low-fat diet in the 1980s, people got fatter, assuming they quit eating high-fat diets and started eating \\"heart healthy\\" grains instead, but most people have obviously NOT taken that advice \\"to heart,\\" and are eating more meat, dairy and processed foods now than ever, hence our national health crisis.<br /><br />While the whole foods, plant-based diet (which includes whole grains) has been PROVEN to reverse and prevent heart disease by Dr. Caldwell Esselstyn and others, Davis offers NO proof whatsoever that his non-wheat, meat and dairy-heavy diet does the same.  The only \\"evidence\\" he offers is Denise Minger's un-published, un-peer-reviewed personal re-interpretation of data from T. Colin Campbell's \\"China Study\\" in the most murky, obfuscating passage in the entire book.  Unlike Cambell and Esselstyn, who are deeply committed to the peer-review process (Campbell has published over 300 such studies himself), Minger is a 23-year-old with an English degree and, apparently, endless time on her hands for creating controversy about a diet that has been proven to reduce \\"diseases of civilization.\\"<br /><br />Let Davis prove his assertions through the long, arduous process of peer-review and scientific consensus building, then I'll be as scared of wheat as he wants me to be.
B003L77GRO|5.0|The 5th season of Dexter was as good as ever.  The package I received it in was VERY damaged. The discs were fine and the outter box was fine too!  Howevever, the inside plastic cases were broken to bits. I didn't return it because I wanted to watch it as soon as possible but, I was very disappointed in the packaging.
B00479SVBU|5.0|I had an older type of FM transmitter which needed higher volume of my stereo whenever I played my FM transmitter. Also, that one was always getting disconnected. This one from SOundfly is really good, fits tightly into the cig-lighter jack and come with a remote. I do not have to increase my stereo volume, thus making it easy for me to switch between CDs, FM radio and FM transmitter.   The other good feature is, it has the ability to recognize folders, so I can switch between different folders which contain different types of music, like instrumental, or just a particular singer's collection etc. It supports SD card and USB flash drives both upto 32 GB.  Overall, its a good buy. I have it for around two months, and I am loving it everyday.
B005MMYCY6|1.0|I cannot imagine what anyone found entertaining about this movie.  It has a idiotic story line with innumerable implausible situations, and at best, depressing.  Even in fast forward mode the movie was slow paced.  I agree with the reviewer who said \\"I kind of felt like I deserved an apology for the two hours I wasted on this depressing mess.\\" A waste of time and $3.
B003Y5HWGI|5.0|Season seven is great, this is a great show, too bad season 8 will be its last. visit wisteria lane at Universal studios in California
0743298039|5.0|I just finished this wonderful story. I think that any reader will or could be familiar with many of the twists and characters. Family, can't live with them and can't live without them... they/it is the best mystery adventure of all.
0783240287|5.0|All I have to say is that I love it! The music is awesome, still love Donny Osmond and he's excellent in this production.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Absolutely love this game, however, was wondering if we will be getting the current updates to this game. (Toy Box level?? And any others)
B004I4M0A2|2.0|It does what it's supposed to, I guess, but (at least for me), the pictures never quite loaded, or if they did, took forever. I'd rather just use the actual website.
B0015DYIH2|1.0|I'm a 34 year old male, who somehow got hooked on this series. Not just for the cool new twist on the Vampire/Werewolf themes, but for the romance too. (Yes, I'm a sap.) I actually thought that book 4 was going to resolve many of the issues built up in the first 3 books -- boy was I wrong! This is the most disgusting book I've ever read. I feel totally betrayed by the author because she destroyed every single character she took 3 books building into, well, actual characters. I admit, the love triangle thing really was written pretty well -- I kind of thought Bella would grow up out of her \\"Edward's so sexy\\" phase and realize there is more to a relationship than whatever she had going on with Edward -- even if she ended up with Edward, I thought Jacob would either die protecting them, or would find CHOOSE a new love -- (even though I think Jacob was a better fit for Bella) but no! Meyer just had to destroy the one truly interesting character in the series. Jacob imprints on the monster child? Even after we're told for what, 2 books Jacob hates magic, (or whatever) and doesn't want to imprint. Even in BD he refuses to use the Alpha voice because he doesn't want to take away people's free will to choose. So what does Meyer do? Tells Jacob to stick it (and all his fans) and takes away his free will! Good God . . .  does the author even understand her own books?<br /><br />I never read SPOILERS, but boy I wish I had now. Let me tell you if you've never read the 4th book, DON'T. It completely ruined the series for me. I don't think I could ever read these books again, and I can never watch the movies either. not for a good long while anyway. Eventually I'll be able to get over this horrific book, but it will be some time. It's a shame too. The stories are good, and somewhat unique, but this....OMG, by the end of the book I HATED Bella and Edward -- what a couple of selfish pricks. I get the idea of a \\"happy\\" ending...I like happy endings. This was NOT a happy ending! Jacob loses his free will...Leah is....well, we don't know, she just vanished half way through the book. In fact we don't know anything about the wolves, all we know is that bella and edward are gonna have sex for all eternity. How anyone can think this is a decent ending to an otherwise interesting series is beyond me....I WISH I could return my Kindle edition and get my money back. I wish I could \\"unread\\" this book. I wish Meyer had given us a twist at the end which would have satisfied more than the sex starved teenagers who now apparently know that sex will cause you to give birth to a monster, but you'll really want it anyway. Oh yes, and free will is bad, and magically getting over one's first love is good. Yeah...that's a healthy approach to life!
B001F6TXME|5.0|Honestly, this is basic. It works perfectly, and does what it's supposed to. There's not really much to say about it. The click / lock is amazing, allowing bulb shooting without having to hold the button down for so long, and accidentally loosen your grip too soon. The cable is decently long, so you don't need to stand like, right beside the camera. It's been invaluable during extended exposures and at night. I have no clue what I'd do without it.  The only possible downside is it takes up the GPS port (at least on my camera), so if I were to travel with both, I'd be unable to use both at the same time.
B0053Q9DHW|3.0|I have read Jane Eyre many times and I found the minor changes to dialogue and plot points very distracting.  They also left out some plot points: for example the crazy wife sneaking in to Jane's bedroom to shred her bridal veil.  I didn't find much chemistry between the two lead actors.  I like the 2007 Masterpiece Theatre version much better.  It has much more detail and a spunkier Jane.
B005LAZIRY|5.0|Waaaaaa!.......it's different. I just wanted them to record Deliverence again. Or maybe Still Life. Why do such talented artists need to create something a little different. I want my mummy.   Seriously, there are some brilliant musical moments, amazing musicianship and really original ideas here. Gets better every listen. Think for yourself.
B005PDJBRU|5.0|You can never go wrong with the Doctor. Always something new with a little bite of old to keep it grounded.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|Mr. More has a way of showing us the light in such a eye oping way. This DVD should be required in all schools for the public to learn the peoples side of views.
B004LROMSO|2.0|What is it that draws studios to keep remaking and reinventing the Arthurian saga? Over and over, productions big and small keep getting made. I can only imagine that it's because it has instant recognition and they don't have to pay a license fee to anyone.  I've probably seen most of them and read a great many written tellings and re-tellings of the story. We've now come to the age where these stories are attempted to be told as semi-historical rather than fantasy. I suppose they feel that makes them more grown-up. Why they simply don't make Bernard Cornwell's trilogy to achieve that is beyond me but this review is about this cancelled Starz series.  This show had potential but got lost. If not for the single episode where Excalibur is acquired I would have given this an even lower rating. Had the entire series been like that I would have given it 5 stars.  Without spoilers I will explain the problem.  The problem is that the story and characters bear no resemblance to anything Arthurian other than a few names. The entire story centers not around Arthur but his half-sister Morgan. It centers around her undermining Arthur's attempt to be the heir to the throne. We get characters we've never heard of and don't care for or about introduced and have episode after episode dwelling on and on about them and their insignificant side-plots to the story.  I'd balk less if they were entertaining but they aren't.  The stories give you no satisfaction to watch. I understand series with a big story arc but the good ones have episodes that stand on their own. I was so fed up with the story I fast forwarded much of the last two episodes just to finish.  Have you ever seen a movie where the entire story falls apart if two characters ever talked to each other as you would expect them to in real life?  Relationships would get saved, the victim wouldn't go into the garden where the monster is still waiting. Someone doesn't do the simplest check if they are being lied to, etc. There is a lot of that.  And Arthur and Guinevere? You won't buy it for a second that it's in this Arthur's nature to give up his womanizing for nothing more than a pretty face.  And as far as Merlin's character, it's clear they were undecided which way they wanted to portray him.
B004GYY714|5.0|Now I get a chance to stream music from all around the world right on my phone. Works flawless. Two thumbs up.
B005NA3B8U|4.0|Nice port of the old game.  However, due to the touch controls, I'm finding it a bit more challenging than how I remember it being back on my NES.  Could you implement a &quot;continue game&quot; feature in the next update so I don't have to start from the beginning all the time?
B005IZLPMY|1.0|Let's start with the good acting. There is little to none. The dialogue is kinda like something a bunch of high end science fiction nerds would write, but they have no clue how anyone talks. The lead character is corny and a boy scout, the lead female has more stones than this guy. The villain is laughable, Mr. Smith cannot do a German accent, schedule=shedge-ule in his accent. The dialogue is bad, the acting is worse, the plot is worse than either one, and its overall a boring mess. IF you're curious, rent it. But don't buy it.   On a side note, that no-name actor from \\"Walking Tall\\" wears a bowler hat constantly. I mean everywhere, he wears it in prison, at the bar, in BATTLE WITH BULLETS FLYING, when they are rappelling, everywhere. It's hilarious.
B002RXHW6S|5.0|Great castle bouncer for younger children. I bought it for my sons 2nd birthday party and its just the right size for 2 year olds who are new to bouncy castles. I would reccommend it for younger children. Its great because you can have it inside or out and its great thing to do on a rainy day.
B00005QGAV|5.0|I got Dangerous in 2001 and it's just a joy to listen to. 13 of the 14 songs just take me away. Michael did a superb job with Dangerous. The best songs are Jam,She Drives Me Wild,Remember The Time,Why You Wanna Trip On Me,Heal The World,Black Or White,Give In To Me,Keep The Faith,In The Closet,and Dangerous.Each song title,lyric,and music beat is phenomenal. Some of these songs I heard when I was in the 1st and 2nd grade and back then I wasn't into Michael Jackson that much but then as the years went by he grew on me as a remarkable singer. I'm sorry Dangerous wasn't as successful as Thriller to me Dangerous sounds a lot striking than Thriller-that's why I call it unique.
B0018QQQK8|4.0|an amazing heart~felt story that keeps you guessing how it will end. I`m usually not after this sort of read but I was pleasantly surprised.
0316098329|5.0|Great idea for a story, incredibly difficult to put into a novel; and the author did a spectacular job!!!!!  Will read other stories by the author!
B0051DSAP8|5.0|German-Romanian power metal group \\"Powerwolf\\" have returned with their fourth album \\"Blood of the Saints\\". Much darker than the average power metal group, \\"Powerwolf\\" combine the traditional up-tempo-melodic sound of the genre with a lyrical concept that touches on metaphysics and horror legends.<br /><br />On one hand songs like \\"We drink you blood\\", \\"Die, Die Crucified\\" and \\"Night of the Werewolves\\" perhaps are far too predictable inclusion while on the other, tunes like \\"Murder at midnight\\", \\"Dead boys don't cry\\" and \\"Son of a wolf\\" are filled with the `wild and reckless', attitude that defined heavy metal in the 80's which never gets old.<br /><br />The line up features lead singer Attila Dorn, guitarist Matthew Greywolf, bassist Charles Graywolf, drummer Roel Van Helden and keyboardist Falk Maria Schlegel. The inclusion of keyboards automatically verifies the melodic essence of \\"Powerwolf\\"s music though, to their credit, they place equal emphasis on both keyboards and guitars to carry the melodic lines on the album.<br /><br />The limited edition of \\"Blood of the Saints\\" one has to agree, is very original, including a second CD featuring five \\"Powerwolf\\" songs, extended, rearranged and performed by symphonic orchestra under the guidance of classical composer Dominic G. Joutsen. Overall the limited edition of \\"Powerwolf\\"s `Blood of the Saints' is a pretty original release, much like conceptual nature of the band. A very worthwhile purchase for fans of melodic/power metal.
B005LY4B0A|3.0|First few levels are easy and fun, and then suddenly by like, level 10, it's almost impossible. I swear I'm not dumb either. Pretty sure I'm not, anyway.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|Excellent heatsink at a very reasonable price. Installed on a processor i5-2400, the temperature idle does not exceeds 31 °C.  Easier to install than others I've tried in the past. Although the instructions in the attached manual are somewhat confusing, the video available on the site of the manufacturer is very clear. I added a second fan and its operation is quite quiet.
B001B93H0O|2.0|this set did not come new in box as stated in the description and since i bought it as a gift for my daughter , that wasn't great.  also it never stated that there's spanish descriptions as well as english descriptions of each move and this is very distracting and wastes time. I would not have purchased this item if it had been correctly described.
0689870280|5.0|This is one of those fun books to share with little ones. It makes me smile! I love the illustrations and the enjoyable story line.
0345349571|5.0|A Distant Mirror is without a doubt the best history book I ever read. Instead of giving us the usual droll parade of facts, Tuchman has written what could pass for a novel about the colorful story of the Fourteenth Century as seen through the eyes of a leading noble of northern France, Enguerrand de Coucy VII. All of the salient facts of this fascinating period come to life from Coucy's perspective. A baron without a formal title, Coucy held enormous estates both in France and in England. Following his involvement in most of the important events and battles of the time gave me an insider's view of the politics and demographics of Europe in the 1300s. Two aspects of this book that have remained in my consciousness are the influence of the Black Death and the Turkish infiltration of Eastern Europe. I also have a lasting impression of the Castle of Coucy, considered the most remarkable military fortress in medieval Europe. Tuchman has piqued my interest to such an extent that I would have paid Coucy a visit many years ago had it not been blown to bits by a retreating German general at the end of World War I. A Distant Mirror is one of my top ten books of all time.
B004UID2LC|5.0|Can download full videos or as MP3 (or AAC). Works as described on Samsung Infuse. Downloads to MicroMedia folder on phone, and can then be moved to other locations on phone our SD card, or transfered to PC.
B00009W0U4|3.0|Gaspar Noe will go down in history as one of the filmmakers who likes to groom himself in the most ominous of human beings. I first saw satin alone and then enter the void. So that I can give an opinion about this Argentine filmmaker, who has established something like the enfant terrible of France.<br /><br />His films are explicitly violent, with a morbid incisiveness that reverberates in our psyche because of the frenetic pace and the excessive use of a dizzying array of images accompanied by a deafening sounds to achieve a gloom bordering on the unbearable.<br /><br />My problem with this movie is that it is a visual exercise, an effect that is nourished by a stunning and heartbreaking beginning to tell us in strict chronological order from the end towards the beginning, a resource that was used by Christopher Nolan, just two years ago with Memento.<br /><br />The main problem revolves around the script itself, since the specific gravity of the film lies in the first thirty minutes. Then he sees a visible depletion of narrative rhythm to tell the scenes of a relationship where there is some humor, a lot of bombast but short on substance.<br /><br />That is why the film suffers from the last sixty minutes. And not the very presence of the sultry Monica Bellucci and even manages to convey a foreboding atmosphere of what is to happen.<br /><br />From this film Gaspar Noelogro bring greater coherence to his next two jobs as I stand alone (his most successful, in my view) and enter the void where he moved to Japan.<br /><br />My dear reader, if you look closely you can see how the elder of the opening sequence, is somehow indicating the drama I stand alone, which seems to suggest that it is a trilogy by this talented director.
0765365278|4.0|A good read is a good read, but a good fantasy epic has additional requirements: it must introduce a novel and consistent system of magic.  Different characters should have differing understanding and skill in the magic, with most having little or any of either.  The magic should be limited enough that it is not the only important aspect for the day-to-day lives of the characters.  In addition, there should be different cultures and ethnic groups, with imperfect understanding between them.  And the characters that exemplify a culture or ethnic group should be presented as individuals rather than stereotypes.  Most important, all this should simply be setting.  There must be characters you care about, a plot that grabs you, transparent prose, and, given the setting, realistic dialog and human motivation.  Brandon Sanderson's \\"The Way of Kings\\" is a huge success in the fantasy genre.  It's a hefty read of over 1,200 pages.  I thought the story dragged a bit about two-thirds of the way through, but it finished with a bang.  And although this is clearly the first book in a series, the major conflicts and story lines were sufficiently tied up for this novel to work as a stand-alone read.  Perhaps the introduction is the weakest part of the book - it reads like a parody of fantasy novels.  But by chapter two the book hits its stride, and it's a cracking good tale from there on.
0812550706|5.0|Even if it isn't you genre, it is such a well written book, and series, that it is hard to put it down. The series ventures from the basic quandaries presented in this first book, to some pretty deep and complex thoughts. Enjoyed the whole thing, starting with the first book. I wish they would make a movie of it.
B00006BIO0|5.0|This box set is great.  It presents the complete recordings of Charley Patton, who is a complete thug.  He belts it out and hammers on the guitar, and is a total beast.  I give this box a 5-star rating for its completeness.  If you want everything Patton recorded along with selections from other Delta blues men, this is a great buy.  The price can't be beat either.  A lot of static on some tracks, but bear in mind they're recordings from 80 years ago.  Notable tracks for me are \\"Revenue Man Blues,\\" \\"Running Wild Blues,\\" \\"Shake It & Break It (But Don't Let It Fall Mama),\\" \\"Jersey Bull Blues,\\" \\"Some Summer Day,\\" \\"Moon Going Down,\\" and \\"High Water Everywhere (Part 1)\\".  Awesome set.
B003U0AHBO|4.0|I'll admit I wasn't really looking forward to seeing this new 'Robin Hood' film. I loved Ridley Scott's 'Kingdom of Heaven' but the trailers for 'Robin Hood' made it seem like a missguided attempt to slap the famous name on another 'Gladiator'-clone. I was very surprised to find out that not only is it a good movie, it actually manages to capture some of the fun of the older Robin Hood stories!<br /><br />'Robin Hood' takes place in 1199 and follows Robin Longstride, an archer for Richard I in his war against France. After deserting, Robin and a few other soldiers travel to Nottingham where he meets Lady Marian and unlocks secrets to his past. All the while the french are planning a big invasion and are manipulating Richard I's brother John to create unrest in england. There's obviously a lot of plot to 'Robin Hood' as well as some gritty historical detail, but the film actually comes off best when it's being fun and focuses on the familiar characters of the Robin Hood legend. I was very surprised at how likeable the main heroes were and the light-humored dialogue brings back fond memories of Errol Flynn. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the french invasion finale which seemed straight out of 'Saving Private Ryan' and ruined the otherwise playful mood of the film.<br /><br />The cast in 'Robin Hood' is solid down the middle. Russell Crowe is a proven action-hero and while he might seem a bit old for the part he's a very rough and charming Robin. Cate Blanchett is wonderful as Marian and her verbal-dueling with Robin is a treat! Max von sydow practically steals the film as Marian's blind father-in-law who knows more about Robin's past than anyone else. Mark Strong (as always) does solid villain work as Sir Godfrey.<br /><br />While the light-hearted story moments might not mesh well with the violent action the camerawork in 'Robin Hood' is absolutely stunning! The actions scenes are exciting as usual but the locales (filmed in Wales) really sell the setting and make the film a place you want to get lost in!<br /><br />'Robin Hood' has a few short-comings but it's overall a worthwhile film. It does enough different with the Robin Hood legend that it feels unique and still manages to keep the more familiar stories' sense of fun and adventure (and doesn't feel the need to fall back on 'Ivanhoe' for inspiration).d make the film a place you want to get lost in!<br /><br />'Robin Hood' has a few short-comings but it's overall a worthwhile film. It does enough different with the Robin Hood legend that it feels unique and still manages to keep the more familiar stories' sense of fun and adventure (and doesn't feel the need to fall back on 'Ivanhoe' for inspiration).
B004DIPLQS|5.0|Chopins two piano concerto's were composed at roughly the same time. The second was the first to see the light of day.The Warsaw Philharmonic Orchestra is conducted by Antoni Wit.Recorded live at the National Philharmonic Hall,Warsaw,2010. The two Pianists are Russians Nikolai Demidenko and Evgeny Kissen, who both have different approaches to playing the instrument. Demidenko is a big man who hunches over the Piano and gently caresses the notes, whereas, Kissen attacks the piano. So you have a contemplative vs the passionate interpretation of Chopins concerto's. Demidenko plays the piano concerto no 1 as if he were making love to the music, and Kissen attacks the piano as if he were a pit bull bringing about  the passion and emotion that Chopin demands in No 2. For encores, Chopins Mazurka in A minor, Etude in C minor, Waltz in E minor. I highly recommend this bluray .
1936719118|4.0|This is another, \\"here's how I did it\\" advice book written in a straight forward, unpretentious manner. It offers good advice to the entrepreneur...both the successes and the mistakes. It isn't exactly a \\"how to\\" guide but it offers wisdom through Silver's personal experience and even though he is in the music business much of his advice translates to any industry.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|One of my favorite stories ever! I feel sorry for the people who wrote lower rated reviews, as they have surely missed the boat on something wonderful.   I really don't even know how to review this book properly. It's somewhat of a creepy, beautiful fantasy that pulls the reader into the story almost like a guided meditation, making YOU not just an observer, but a participant in this magical circus.  A fabulous spin on the \\"good vs. evil\\" theme, but to try to describe the details is like trying to describe art. You just have to experience it for yourself.  Enjoy!
1849531986|5.0|Purchased it, quickly read it--which takes about the same amount of time as casually flipping through the book--but disagree on many of the finer points that the author presents.  In fact, I would argue that he introduces the same argument page after page.  I was disappointed that there were no pictures.  Relevant case studies and serious research is also mysteriously unreferenced.  I also believe that Sheridan is a woman in disguise even though he attempts to attain masculinity with the nickname 'Shed' and wears shiny silver suits (don't believe me, then look at Pee Wee yourself http://www.amazon.com/Sheridan-Simove/e/B0034PXQN6/ref=ntt_athr_dp_pel_1) and blah-blah's about previous accomplishments.  After receiving the book, I performed my own secret experiment:  Using a machete exacto knife, I cut out the book's pages innards and created a hidden compartment within.  Therein I secreted away many tasty morsels of dark chocolate.  After raising the heat in the house to 97.5 degrees F, I sat back and waited.  \\"My precious ... who's going to eat my preciousses?\\"  I predicted that I would be able to find out who read the book based on guilty chocolate fingers.  So far, (name withheld) and (name withheld) have been implicated. (name withheld) is off the hook for now, but I'm still irked that she gums and goobers on my Xbox controller cables especially since she has so many other toys to chew on in the house.  My spider sense tells me (name withheld) has been eating the chocolate, too.  She's expertly removed any traces of chocolate from her fingers, but I swear I taste it on her breath.  I think at times that she may be somewhat passively interested in my manly thoughts apart from sex.  And when it comes to intimate issues, actions speak louder than words and are by far much more of a cacophony than thoughts and \\"thinking about it.\\"  As for me, I prefer to err on the former.  Thanks, Shed, for the book.  Do you accept returns for slightly damaged items infested with chocolate goo?
B004X4RU9I|5.0|I have to give this movie a 5 stars because it's just awesome with all the fighting but after ip man fights the other master it kinda goes downhill with the american boxer. I mean to imagine that someone with boxing gloves would have even a half of a chance against lp man is retarded but the movie is still cool they just should have thought the boxing fighting scenes and plot through more!
B000UX6THK|5.0|To this day it is hard to believe that this ultra-dark, disturbing show was on a regular network.  I would have loved to have seen what David Lynch could have done had it been on HBO or another cable station.  I doubt that we would have known the killer of Laura Palmer as soon as we did, if at all.  That being said, the pilot episode and first season is some of the most brilliant television ever created.  While season two is not as strong, it still entertained (and creeped me out!).  For those unfamiliar with this series, all I can say is watch it and know that it paved the way for many of the shows we now take for granted (Six Feet Under, True Blood, Dexter, etc.  Twin Peaks was way ahead of its time as it brought actual movie-quality programming to our television sets.  *The music from the show is also amazing!  I still listen to it.
B0058A11AK|4.0|I purchased this cd after seeing Barbara interviewed on \\"Sunday Morning'. She is delightful \\"in person\\" and so talented in her professional life.  This cd is in my car and provides romantic, relaxing and mature music for the ride: really fits the bill sometimes.
B0000A98ZP|5.0|I ALWAYS enjoy watching this movie. Five teens are spending their Saturday morning at school detention. They are all from different groups of friends, never hung out with each other. During their eight hours at school they get close. They share a lot of personal secrets. They tell each other why they are in detention and on one small part of the movie they get high.... lol. This is an enjoyable movie to watch.
B000244FDW|1.0|I purchased this adaptation of Jane Austen's classic novel and was extremely disappointed that I only received 3 episodes in the package. It is supposed to come as a 2 disc set but only received one writable disc and it was of a poor quality. So although I recommend this version as the best adaptation of the novel, I am sorely disappointed with the actual product.
B00003CWN3|5.0|First of all I love watching true story movies. This movie is very touching and interesting to watch. I first saw this movie on Lifetime a few hundred times before finding it on Amazon. I was over excited when it came in. I think Hilary Swank did a GREAT job playing Teena Ray Brandon. I don't think they could have picked a better person for that part.
B004GYY714|5.0|Consistently high quality audio, never had issues with disrupted play, not too hard on the battery or memory, accessible and attractive layout, unparalleled selection of local and global stations/programs, sleep timer, favorite options for stations and songs. This is a pretty damn good app.
0805047905|5.0|My baby boy has recently become very interested in books, especially of the board book sort. This book along with Miss Spider's Tea Party is a favorite of his. He loves to turn the pages and giggles at the purple cat and blue horse each time we read it together. Once the book is read cover to cover there's usually a demand for a repeat performance, over and over! It's wonderful to see him so engaged in the pictures and the story. He's not really learning his colors just yet but he's definitely starting to learn the names of all the animals and the sounds they make (I usually editorialize and add in the animal noises although I'm stuck with fish lips and a kissing noise when I get to the goldfish because I'm not sure what noise, if any a goldfish makes!) As an aside, we started reading this book to him when he was around 7 or 8 months old so might like it so much because it is familiar to him, but it doesn't matter the reason, we love this book!
B0052U59F4|5.0|Absolutely loved this book.. I loved the characters, the plot twists, and the sheer raw honesty of it all.  I love the fact that the main character has her dueling points of view...because let's face it sometimes different parts of us want different things :D.  I didn't want to sleep because I wanted to just keep reading the first to installments of this trilogy and am anxious for the third!
B005PDJBRU|5.0|Loved this episode.  Lots of good action.  We get a chance to see Amy and Rory, though briefly.  Craig is wonderful and goes far in helping soothe the Doctor's feeling that he is a harm to anyone near him.  Craig is fantastic.  The Doctor with the baby is sooooooooo funny.  Stormageddon who calls everyone other than his parents \\"peasants.\\"  The ending was AWESOME!  Yep.  We see River again.  Can't wait to see the next episode.  Matt Smith was really amazing.  So many faces.  The grieving doctor, knowing he is going to be facing his own death soon.  The damaged friend who needs a friend.  The amazing hero.  The sad and tired ole man.  AND!  A store clerk!  Such an amazing range of emotions and role and he pulls it out with aplomb.  PS:  Many of the other reviews never actually watched the episode, but complained about tech issues when the episode was unavailable.  That is clearly shameful and childish behavior.
B005N0PJJO|5.0|Absolutely loved this book.. I loved the characters, the plot twists, and the sheer raw honesty of it all.  I love the fact that the main character has her dueling points of view...because let's face it sometimes different parts of us want different things :D.  I didn't want to sleep because I wanted to just keep reading the first to installments of this trilogy and am anxious for the third!
0316056863|5.0|I have loved Tina Fey since she starting appearing on Saturday Night Live in the late 90's.  I have followed her over the last decade impressed by her immense talent and humor, but mostly her grace in overcoming the sexist comedy industry.  This book met all of my expectations.  I laughed out loud more with this book then any other I have ever read.  Her descriptions of her awkward teenage years to self-deprecating beauty secrets to being a working mother kept me in hysterics the whole book.  While Fey shares stories of her upbringing and current family life, she maintains a level of privacy throughout the book that was refreshing in a celebrity tell-all society we are subjected too often to.  Fey also chronicles her career from Second City to SNL to 30 Rock and shares (with humor) her journey of being a women in a male dominated field, and how she changed an industry.  I thought her most honest writing was describing her struggles as a working mother.  I appreciated her down-to-earth reality in this constant balance for so many women (including myself).  Fey touches several social issues but you barely realize it though the sarcasm.  Friends, read this one.  You will be laughing all night (because you won't put it down).
B005J0VPNC|5.0|Great app! Love it. Wish it didnt make the super loud &quot;click&quot; when taking pics though. I was able to turn that click off in my regular camera app.
B004RKXNDU|5.0|I picked this book up in preparation for the movie coming out in 2011. This books made me even more excited for the movie and now anxious that they might screw it up. The books is suspenseful and intelligent. It shows that Le Carre was an actual spy because the minutia of the spy craft and office politics really bring the story a deft realism. These spies aren't like James Bond or Jason Bourne. They don't get into fist fights or stop explosions so it takes a great writer to wring suspense out of these seemingly low stakes events and Le Carre nails it. George Smiley is the anti-Bond who is a good spy in that he is invisible to normal people and subtly working behind the scenes. He is so underplayed that everyone underestimates him. While he is a great spy his personal life is a mess and adds a depth to his tragic character to show that espionage is the opposite of glamorous.
B00007GZR5|5.0|This film is a gem! Technically, it was way ahead of its time. The storyline is unlike any other and Robin Williams performance is amazing. This is one of my favorite movies ever!
B0052UZIFA|1.0|The game exits to the homescreen every other level or so. Makes it very frustrating to play... It's quite fun up until that point though.
B004XJHBCE|2.0|I used it for a few weeks. I believe it slowed my MyTouch 4G down when it was implemented. Also, setting up these folders is unnecessarily complicated. ...but it works.
B001IXXYBA|4.0|gost i found to be a very good movie. the actors worked very good together. It made the movie seem almost real.The end was a sprise,
B005LLXB9K|5.0|Cameron Crowe has made a superb film documentary of Pearl Jam's history including lots of excellent interviews from people who were there and showing some amazing live performances from around the world. The film begins with the story of Mother Love Bone and the death of Andy Wood which then leads to the beginnings of Mookie Blaylock and their search for a voice that would transform them into Pearl Jam. The interviews include great stories from Chris Cornell and each of the members of Pearl Jam who give honest and detailed information about the whole grunge scene and the meteoric rise to fame that threatened to end the band. The reasons behind Pearl Jam's longevity are explained and even the down times in their career are looked upon as blessings for the band. The soundtrack is full of rare demos and amazing live performances that show what a great live band Pearl Jam have always been. Pearl Jam Twenty is both informative and entertaining and represents one of the best music documentaries of all time.
B000FVQM2Y|5.0|Brick is a fast paced film that bears watching repeatedly. (It can be viewed here on Amazon.com -- free with Amazon Prime.) The online transfer is good with a clear and intelligible soundtrack -- but the noir slang may not be familiar to most.    I liked it enough that I bought the DVD. The extras are a mixed bag; the commentary track is a mess and other than telling us the film was totally filmed in San Clemente, California, it is just a curiosity. The deleted scenes are good, and the two \\"screen tests\\" are ok.   The real value of the DVD is in the English subtitles. (Spanish & French subtitles are also included.)  I've included the IMDb.com slang list for this film, because reading it on IMDb reveals plot:  Blow - To leave, depart; e.g., \\"Did she blow last night?\\"  Brick - A term used to describe a pound or kilogram of any drug, in the case of this film its heroin.  Bulls - Cops; e.g., \\"What first, tip the bulls?\\" Also, as a verb, to turn over to the cops; e.g., \\"I bulled the rat.\\"  Burg (or Burgh) - Town, City; e.g., \\"He knows every two-bit toker in the burg.\\"  C - Roman numeral for 100; e.g., \\"He had a C-Note.\\"  Clam - To keep your mouth shut e.g., \\"The muscle blows or I'll clam.\\"  Copped - Obtained; e.g., \\"She copped the junk.\\"  Dose - To take drugs e.g., \\"He dosed off the bad junk and it laid him out.\\"  Duck Soup - Easy pickings.  Gat - Gun.  Gum - To mess things up; e.g., \\"Bulls would only gum it.\\"  Heel - To walk away from (and show your heels to); e.g., \\"I'm not heeling you to hook you.\\"  Hook - Raise interest or get involved; e.g. \\"I'm not heeling to hook you.\\"  Hop/Jake/Junk - Drugs. Back when noir films were more popular, (1940's-50's); hop is often used to reference marijuana and \\"hophead\\" is someone who smokes a lot of pot.  Knives in my eyes - a splitting headache; e.g., \\"I've got knives in my eyes. I'm going home sick.\\"  Lap Dog - A lap dog is defined as a dog that is small enough to be held in the arms or lay comfortably on a person's lap. The termis also sometimes used to describe a person who is very easily controlled, such as a yes man. In the case of Brick both definitions are cleverly combined. If you recall the scene where we first meet Kara, she has a freshman boys head in her lap, who springs to her command of \\"run and get my purse.\\"  On the Nail - immediately; e.g., \\"He wants cash on the nail.\\"  Pick - A ride in a car (as in \\"pick-up\\"); e.g., \\"Did she get a pick?\\"  Raise - To get in touch with; e.g., \\"You couldn't raise em?\\" This is also used cleverly when Brain asks Brendan, \\"You couldn't raise her?\\" referring to Emily whom he could neither contact nor raise, as in raise from the dead.  Reef Worm - A stoner (reefer).  Scape - A patsy to take the blame (scapegoat/ fall guy).  Scraped - Begged off of, cadged from; e.g., \\"Ask any dope rat where their junk sprang and they'll say they scraped it off [name]...\\"  Shamus - A private detective.  Shine - To wield (as with a weapon); e.g., \\"He shines a blade.\\"  Showing Your Ace - Obviously a card reference. An ace is the highest playing card, meaning 'high-quality. When Brendan strips Kara and says \\"I'm showing your ace,\\" he is saying that Kara's most valuable asset is her beauty, which she uses to manipulate people with (e.g. lap dogs, Dode, etc). Not to mention, ace sounds similar to ass, something else of hers he shows off.  Specks - Eyes or Eyeglasses (spectacles); e.g., \\"Keep your specks peeled.\\"  Sprang - Originated; e.g., \\"His gat sprang from Tugger's gang.\\"  Squawk - To give up or snitch on. Or more apt to this, a stool pigeon.  Take A Powder - To slip away; e.g., \\"Why'd you take a powder the other night?\\"  Yegg - A criminal.    Too bad the list isn't on the DVD; but check out the IMDb entry for more goodies.
B004XS97KO|5.0|I love story lines that are longer than one episode and that keep you guessing all the way through the story's plot, which this one does with great success!
B0055SWM08|5.0|Edited my 3-star review after replay; apparently the update got rid of all but one of the nag screens, making the game much more playable. Without all those nag screens, this game is one of the best puzzlers for Android for aesthetics and challenge; and while the replay value isn't too high (once you understand the solutions it's not too tricky), I've replayed some levels a few times just because it's so nice to look at. Off to try Quell Reflect now and hope it's as good as the original (and has no nag screens!).
B005KAH7QU|5.0|This is a well filmed action film with heart pounding scenes. Cate Blanchett and Saoirse Ronan are awesome. The film is well acted and offers something for drama and action fans.
B000LTAY1U|5.0|It's a home run. Works perfectly, looks great, stays wound with less than the eight hours on-wrist as stated.   I replaced the somewhat crude band with a \\"The Band\\" (highly recommended). Only drawback, as with all auto-winders, the watch is thicker than battery driven ones.  So, if this watch endures my rough work and play, it's a winner.
B003YRIM0Q|4.0|Soundgarden have given the fans a great package here that contains a very thorough selection of greatest hits plus unreleased live tracks and an amazing collection of videos. The packaging is very high quality with very cool artwork and a nice fold out design that houses two music discs and a single DVD of all their amazing videos. \\"Black Rain\\" is the unreleased studio track from the Badmotorfinger sessions and it is a killer Soundgarden track that will keep fans satisfied yet hungry to see what their new material will offer. The booklet is really cool with lots of great band photos and two interesting essays. One essay is about the impact of their music over the years and the other essay is by Kim Thayil outlining the reasons for including certain songs and what to expect from them in the future. The audio quality of the music discs is definitely over compressed as other reviewers have noted but I really think that the quality of the bonus material makes this an essential item to any serious fan of Soundgarden. I would have easily given this 5 stars if the remaster was better.
B005COO1X6|5.0|This is a classic Stephen King short story that I picked up(um,downloaded via wispernet) for the Kindle.You will think twice before stopping in an almost empty parking lot of any highway reststop after reading this story!
B003Y5H54W|5.0|I loved this movie..so much I watched it 3 times in two weeks. Shiloh Fernandez should have been cast as Edward Cullen. He is in no way a Robert Pattenson impersonator. He is definitly a better actor and better looking. He played the part as Peter and you would never know that this is a remake of the children's fairytale. I will watch it again and again!This movie is a triple A rating.
B005PDJBRU|5.0|Like others, I have a TV pass and was disappointed not to have the episode available immediately.  However, it was certainly worth waiting for - funny and moving both.  Matt Smith just gets better and better - the scene of him talking with Alfie was amazing.
B004UOCF3W|5.0|BUY IT. And go see them on tour- they are amazing live, and this album is great from start to finish.
B00004TL2N|4.0|The Iceman emerged from the gloom of his IRCAM bunker in Paris to deliver a first-rate Bruckner Eighth in 2000 - he followed it up with an equally compelling performance in 2005 in St Florians itself with the Vienna Philharmonic [[ASIN:B0007XHKRQ Bruckner - Symphony No. 8 / Pierre Boulez, Vienna Philharmonic]].<br /><br />There is much to like about Boulez as a Brucknerian: he is patient and unfussy; his grip on the architecture is masterly; he illicits a lustrous response from the Vienna Philharmonic.<br /><br />This performance is dogged by a systemic failure: one climax sounds like another. This is especially true of the first movement where the epic fortissimo before the Totenuhr sounds no different than its predecessors - it's like Pierre cannot quite shift from fourth gear into fifth. The same comment applies to the last movement: there is a monochromatism to the climaxes.<br /><br />The mere mention of the word 'metaphysics' causes Boulez to reach for his well-thumbed copy of the Darmstadt Manifesto. It is somewhat unfair to decry this performances as being less spiritual than the Furtwangler or Karajan alternatives; it works well enough on its own terms.<br /><br />You will not be shortchanged if you acquire this disc even if, on my part at least, there is no great hunger to hear Boulez in other works by Bruckner.
B0042RJWTC|5.0|Excellent representation of Henry the 8th and his numerous wives.  Great costume drama with all of the major figures of the age.  Just a fab production.
0061714402|5.0|I loved it, though i love Dave Mustaine. I am so glad i got to know some things about the hard life of a musician especially one as talented as Dave, the book was so detailed and personal i understand so much and can feel for him and i am so glad of the outcome. thank you
1401324517|1.0|I am an avid tennis fan and I did not like this book.  It was a snoozer.  Very repetitive and boring.  Even the writing was poor.  There are much better books out there.  He's always hurting but manages to play great and he loves this close knit friends and family.  There- I told you the entire book.  PS-I actually like Rafa, just not this book.
B0002KQNUO|5.0|most definetly if you liked the show... this disc is a must! and not to be missed, this has to be on your collection
B0058VW36U|5.0|Unbelievably fun! You won't want to put it down. Easy to learn but challenging to master. And the little guy is almost unbearably cute. Looking forward to new levels!
B0015DRPJU|5.0|This serie is amazing, but I prefer read in Spanish, it's really hard find the Spanish editions. Could you been more proactive and make this editions type. Thanks
B0039UTDA6|1.0|I bought this by accident on another website not realizing it was the Oprah version. I didn't even know it existed. Oprah's narration is not only bothersome, it is dumbed down to the point that it is absolutely false. For example in the fish episode she talks about the mud skippers filling their lungs with air. They don't have lungs. \\"They breathe gaseous air using a mechanism called cutaneous respiration, where the capillary rich lining of the mouth and throat acts as an oxygen absorbing membrane. They will gulp air and hold it in their mouths. They do maintain water in the gill chamber to keep the gills wet and will mix this water to enhance oxygen mixing in that water, but they have to have gaseous air to survive.\\"-quoted from a web source. But when she talks about their lungs it gets confusing as to what you are watching.     She also says \\"We know what happens next\\" to refer to an animal mating or killing it's prey...basically anything that would take any depth to describe or anything that doesn't need description. She also uses's idioms such as an animal living the \\"life of Riley.\\" Or that a place is a \\"Goby Shangri la.\\" And she says things like that a hippo is \\"Trailed by a school of fish just waiting for breakfast.\\" Her narration is really distracting from what is going on in the film. Worst of all she throws in words that she picked out of a thesaurus to sound authoritative, but they make her come across as condescending to the viewer. I enjoy it better with the narration turned off which is an option on the blu ray, but sadly the Attenborough narration is not an option. The way she says things may be nice for a kid, or an old person, or someone who has a mild mental retardation.    Bottom line...if you want information or documentation from your documentary then get the Attenborough version. Haven't seen it yet, but have seen all his others, always a wealth of information. If you want to show your kids, then get this but your kids will grow up to be misinformed. They will probably end up like the water boy and think alligators are angry because they have all those teeth and no tooth brush.     The camera work, and soundtrack in the movie are second to none. That being said he original version is apparently 1080p vs. the Oprah version I've seen in 1080i. Still looks stunning, but I have no idea why they would reduce the quality. Still absolutely amazing and beautiful. The \\"making of\\" sections of the disc are great...and feature original Attenborough narration.     Also, I understand the British English of the original can be boring for some, but at least there is depth that makes it captivating. They should have had someone like Mike Roe do the American version.     If this is what people in the UK think American's want then I feel really offended, and if American's decided to make it this why...maybe we really are just idiots.
B003Y5HWGI|4.0|And in fact, She did have some shoes to fill in for Nicollette Sheridan. Vanessa's character, Renee Perry arrived in Fairview, She was at first was playing Wilhelmina Slater, The Character she played on \\"Ugly Betty\\". But Renee is not a very slutty woman like Edie Britt. But She's pretty much down to Earth. On The other hand, This happens to be The 8th and final season of \\"Desperate Housewives\\", and here's to the best season-ever. The ladies will leave Fairview on a high note, And as far as the actresses who plays them, I hope you'll find better things down the road.
0201721481|5.0|Beginner programming books are bad! Why?  Because if your aim is to learn C++ it should not also be to learn C.  The problem with many textbooks for C++ is they often always begin with teaching C and interleave C++ constructs which is bad.  It lends itself to a poor start and results in convoluted code.  I used textbooks like Prata's C++ Primer Plus and it sucks engendering this type of C->C++.Learning_Style.  I like the 3rd edition of this book because, while not assuming an entry level perspective, the author presents the material in an as-you-read-it-do-it & learn-it manner.  This of course means that aspects of C++ are introduced in a manner that may be strange or weird but if one has a C++ compiler, types the code in, runs it, and stays with the text, it will flow.  Most important, he begins with C++ like classes, objects, vectors, strings, etc.<br /><br />There are many books about learning to program in C++ and I have come to appreciate C++Primer or Advanced C++ which is pretty much all C++ and no C-style teaching like malloc, strtok, etc.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|One of the better puzzle games available, and very addicting. Starts simple to let you learn, then gets progressively more challenging. Cute and smooth graphics, sound effects, etc.  That makes it deceivingly simple, but it's not.  Kudos to the developers for making one of the best games on Android. Highly recommended. Runs great on Droid X. Dev, please keep new levels coming!
B004ZY0VHY|1.0|One reviewer wrote that this book took place before people were inclined to get psychological help, and intimated that clinicians were not familiar with autism at the time.  This reviewer wrote \\"people didn't actually pursue psychological diagnoses all that much\\" in the early 80s.  Absolutely untrue.<br /><br />Immediately, upon grasping the gist of this book, I wondered why the mental health issues of the whole family were never addressed!<br /><br />Another  reviewer pointed out the same problem I had with the book:  the educated, rich, worldly mother throws her toddler across the room, causes him injury, and doesn't really regret it...except to worry that he will *tell* on her?  Unbelievable...it makes her repugnant.  She hates this child personally and for what he stands for, and she does nothing about getting counseling for herself or the child.<br /><br />I kept wondering, throughout the book, why she just didn't divorce her husband and leave the child with someone who did love him?<br /><br />Honestly, I finished the book because I paid money for it, and because I thought it might get 'better.'  The killing of the daughter and husband were obvious to me many chapters before it was revealed.  I found it not that well written, and would never recommend this book.  Sorry I bought it.
B004DI7HZ6|4.0|I really liked this book, it draws you in and keeps you going the whole way through. This book is about witches and vamps and how they are not supposed to associate but some still do against the rules. The only bummer is the book leaves you wanting more in the end. As far as I know their is no book to fallow and Im not sure yet if there is going to be one. I'm hoping there will be at least one more book.
1572814349|5.0|Beautiful artwork, arrived on time. I am very impressed by the quality of this Tarot Deck! I am extremely pleased with my purchase!
0553801473|3.0|I haven't seen anyone mention the things that bother me about this book.  The long and short of it is so much of what I like about good fantasy is MISSING.<br /><br />Epic fantasy has a past, a present and a future and the audience becomes invested in all of it. In earlier books we learn there was a war in Westeros called the Dance of the Dragons.... why didn't we hear some of that history in this volume?  There is also a hauntingly beautiful duet, properly sung by a woman and a man called by the same name.  There couldnt have been a singer or 3 on one of those boats?  Was it so wrong of me to expect that a book of this title would tell me more about these afore mentioned things?  I feel led on. Cheated.<br /><br />There are no songs in this one. No stories that show us the past and forshadow the future.  Plenty of urination and creepy sexual abuse.  These things are part of life.  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  I am an audiobook listener so forgive me spelling wrong maybe.  Summerhall?  Do publishers really think that the audience for this book has to be  tricked into an attention span through the use of endless suspense?  When suspense is overused anything that is revealed is ultimately a let down.  Haven't we suffered enough after Lost and BSG?  Just TELL the story. Be real.<br /><br />And here is the biggest offense really - this one doesn't feel real.  It doesn't.<br /><br />The Others.  The perfect monsters.  The scariest monsters ever.  The end of all life. Monsters that make murderers wet themselves without shame.  The OTHERS.  They are coming for everyone.  The people. The animals. Every warmblooded living creature.  And most? Really MOST? of the Watch doesnt want wildings to help in the defense of the wall?<br /><br />It kinda takes the scary out of the beast.  I cant be scared if they arent scared.  They arent really scared are they?<br /><br />Lastly, please to all would be epic fantasy writers out there, don't do this.  Don't have every single character a person could possibly like failing utterly all at the same time.  That's not a good story. Its not.<br /><br />But, I am a fantasy fan and I won't abandon the story.  I am invested. All I can do is hope that the next one has the little stories within the story, and the songs, some loving kisses mixed in with trips to the privy and torture, and a focus on telling, rather than hiding, the story.
B005CM9DX6|5.0|Opeth changes a little bit with every album, and with this one they've changed even more than usual. But it's a natural change for the band. Not quite like the way Mastadon went from being one of the most insanely abstract metal bands to being an average sounding generic rock band in the space of two albums. Each song on this album features something different, and they are all high quality, dynamic, progressive songs. Every instrument has something to say in these songs, and they do it so articulately, that it is wonderful to listen to no matter what quality of Opeth's music you like best. The bass stands out like it never has before. \\"The Lines In My Hand,\\" has this really sweet driving bass line that could almost be in a Rage Against the Machine song at times. From a percussion standpoint, I find this album to be the best of Opeth's work. Martin Axlerot did an amazing job on the drums for all of the songs. You can still hear the old Opeth standby of double-paradiddle based drum beats in there, but there's so much more going on around it that it does take on a new identity.<br /><br />I do miss the heavy Opeth a bit, but this is what... their TENTH studio album? I can listen to Watershed if I want some heavy Opeth. Heritage is such a great addition to an already amazing portfolio. And it does get heavy, and it does get dark, but it just doesn't get into that growling, double-bass laden, death metal mode. Think of some of the amazing grooves that Opeth have fit into their metal songs in the last several albums, and then fill every song with that kind of stuff, and you've got Heritage. I love the Jethro Tull style flute in Famine, by the way. I really don't see anything wrong at all with a band like Opeth using their talents to create good music. If heavy metal is what you want, then you've got nine studio albums of it to listen to. I personally appreciate good music no matter what the genre is. Of course, what is good is debatable, but in my opinion, Heritage is excellent progressive music. Forget for a minute that this is a death metal band, give it a listen, and I think you'll agree.ogressive music. Forget for a minute that this is a death metal band, give it a listen, and I think you'll agree.
B003K1EYM6|5.0|The problem is that (at least) iPad 1 does not provide us with enough possibilities when importing photos from our camera. We had to mark the photos one by one. The result was fine. The item is OK. An obligatory condition if travelling with an iPad.
0545123291|5.0|This book is about werewolves and romance.  When Grace's parents find Sam sleeping in her bed, they ground Grace for about a week.  She goes to the studio with Sam on Sunday (the day before her grounding is up) and they record an awesome demo.  Now.  She snuck out of the house while she was still grounded so, she must face the consequences of not seeing her beloved Sam for the next 4 months, until she turns 18.  With an ending so sad and a beginning so exciting, this book will keep you racing on with the werewolves and what they have to face.  I loved this book so much.  I didn't cry during the ending of this book but I was always talking to myself; agreeing and disagreeing about what exactly happened.
B003XF1XOQ|2.0|I'm appalled by the poor quality of the writing in this book.  Collins has interesting ideas, but she desperately needs writing help, perhaps in the form of a good editor.  She violates, repeatedly, the first and foremost rule of dynamic writing:  She tells instead of shows.  Seriously, pretty much the whole book was \\"told\\" to the reader, instead of \\"shown\\" to the reader.  And, honestly, when your narrator is knocked out or otherwise incapacitated for most of the book, what else can you do but \\"tell\\" the story?  You sure can't show it if your main character is unconscious.  I don't know what Collins was thinking using that plot device.  It hampered her story, and her writing, tremendously.  Collins is Queen of the Incomplete Sentences.  The book is just rife with them!  A good, heck, even just a competent editor, would have done wonders for this book.  I don't know who edited this book, but whomever it was needs to be fired.  Collins uses incomplete sentences all the way through the book.  For example, \\"A squad of Peacekeepers checking for returning refugees.\\" Or, \\"The same side.\\" Or, \\"Right on the spot where Johanna Mason hit me with the coil of wire.\\" These are NOT sentences!  Ugh, there's really no excuse for this type of horrible writing.  In one of my college writing courses, I remember the professor saying to the class, \\"It takes a gifted and talented writer to use incomplete sentences.  YOU are not that writer!\\"  Well, I submit that Collins is not that writer, either.    Someone needs to buy her, and her editor, a copy of William Strunk's The Elements of Style.  What's saddest to me is that this book purports to be for young adults.  How on earth are kids supposed to know what good writing looks like if the books marketed to them are so completely substandard?
B0050SYS5A|1.0|I was very excited about the prospect, but in practice this peripheral is absolute junk.  Tracking and accuracy are very much negatively impacted despite several tunings and attempts with many Kinnect games. Even with the included clear plastic applique, the surface of the Kinnect unit is now permanently marred by connecting the device.   I wish Microsoft itself could digitally zoom/compensate for smaller play areas.  That would seem like a better approach.
B00006GO9Q|5.0|Not quite fusion, but far different than anything ever heard in the world of jazz...it just doesn't get any better than this. With John McLaughlin and most of the other people who'd, in a few years, be the leading lights of fusion keeping up a succession of trippy, funky grooves, Miles brings in some of the most poignant, tortured solos of his long and distinguished career...or, at least, sometimes they sound tortured to me. Other times they sound like something entirely else. This is a disc I've listened to and contemplated for years, and there's always something new in it. I couldn't possibly recommend it more highly.
0547258305|4.0|For the past year, I have kept the book Graceling by Kristen Cashore sitting undisturbed on my night stand just waiting to be read.  I can't explain why I hadn't read it immediately.  There were just other books that seemed to take president, while Graceling sat there patiently waiting to be picked up.  When all other books that I deemed more interesting to read have all been finished, I finally picked the book up.  After getting through the first half of the book, I wish I would have picked it up sooner.  Who knew I had such a captivating book, for such a long time, just sitting inches away from my grasp every night.<br /><br />It has been a while since I've read a leading female character that was stronger both physically and mentally than her romantic interest.  The story tells of a girl who is a Graceling.  Gracelings are marked by their two different colored eyes and each have a special talent.  Katsa's talent is fighting.  Though it would seem that such talents would be viewed as a gift, they are viewed as a curse.  Parents watch their babies grow in fear that they may have such a curse and will be taken away from them and given to the king, if he views their talent useful to him.<br /><br />This is the fate of Katsa.  Though she has been the king's assassin all her life, she forms a secret council who carry secret missions to help the innocent and bring justice to those who abuse their power.  It isn't until she meets Prince Po, she starts to question what really is holding her in the king's power.<br /><br />This book had all the elements that I love: adventure, romance and suspense.  I would defiantly recommend the book to others.  It was a great lazy Sunday afternoon read.
0545123275|5.0|This book is about werewolves, in general.  Grace Brisbane, a normal girl who has always been fascinated by wolves.  This one wolf, Sam Roth, watches her through his yellow eyes.  As the weather changes he starts to shed his skin and he turns into a human.  Grace had gotten bitten, but she had never changed becuase she got a very high fever and her dad accidentally locked her in his car on the way for some medicine.  The heat should have killed her, but it didn't.  When Sam changes into a human, Grace has alreay been smitten with him for 6 years, when he was a wolf.  He immediately becomes her boyfriend, and tries to stay human for as long as he can in the wintertime to be with Grace longer.  I loved this book so much that I cried at the end when Grace thinks that Sam is gone for good as a regular wolf, with no memories of anything in all of his human years.  You can look on through both of the eyes of Sam and Grace, and you can clearly see their similarities and their differences; some towards each other.
B004FGMDOQ|4.0|i agree that this book is in two.  The first half makes you think it is a really good \\"who dun it\\".  When he falls into the cellar, it changes drastically.  I wasn't sure I liked that but decided to go along. I have read that several people   were unhappy with the abrupt ending.  I think we often need things to be wrapped up with a bow.  Frankly, I don't care if there is another story.  It stands on its own.  To me, I liked the idea that they got away and went off into the mist.
B002F6FQGK|3.0|\\"Dog Days\\" caught my ear immediately for its bouncing harps, pretty lead melody, and unique structure. But I find the rest of the album hard to listen to much of the time. Florence has an interesting voice with loads of shades and subtlety. I really like her singing in the quieter parts, as it is truly beautiful in ways that you don't hear from a lot of popular singers. Unfortunately, almost every song turns into a howl-fest at one time or another, which to me ends up dragging the album down to the point where I need to turn it off. Aside from that, the horror movie-type lyrics don't do much for me personally, but it is clear she is passionate about what she writes.
0694003611|5.0|This is the mainstay of any parent's bedtime story library. A great little story that may quickly soothe the hyperactive mind of your child, hopefully...
1416585710|1.0|I got one-quarter in and kept telling myself it would get better.... halfway thru I simply felt commited to finishing it.  Tedious is the best description I can give.  It just ... went on... forEVER.... there was no \\"horror\\", no suspense, no nothing.  Just a lot of pages of whatEVER.
B0049VZ222|5.0|I enjoy Walking Dead becauce it deal with real people and how to cope with problems , in this case Zombies , but you can replace the zombies with car problems,or job problems and the story line works , and best of all the zombies are not that frighting they are cute in a weird way- fun to watch.
B003Y5H53S|1.0|While the animation was top notch, the content was completely unsuitable for children. The language was very poor taste, the jokes were inappropriate and it was far too violent.
B005910E06|5.0|One of the earliest DDD recordings in existence, this five CD set of recordings which originally appeared on Denon, is the latest and cheapest incarnation of Maria João Pires' recordings made in 1974 for Nippon Columbia when she was not yet thirty and in the plenitude of her youthful powers: fresh, artless, technically flawless and wholly, selflessly dedicated to the advocacy of some of Mozart's happiest inventions.<br /><br />The extraordinary thing about these recordings is that the Brilliant producers have never seen any need to remaster them and they are right. There is none of the edge or glassiness often associated with early digital technology: the sound is warm, rich and full despite its 37 years. My only observation regarding the clarity of the sonics is that occasionally I would like a little more weight and definition in the left hand, but whether that is due to interpretative or recording choices, I cannot say.<br /><br />I recently spent some time becoming acquainted with the Mozart Sonatas as played by Walter Klien, who strikes me as a similarly unselfconscious artist who placed delicacy, freshness and charm above the desire to stamp his personality upon the music. I do not necessarily always want to hear Beethoven played in this refined, non-interventionist manner - but Beethoven is not Mozart, whose music responds to Pires' simplicity of utterance. Having said that, both artists can make very different choices of tempi, as in the most famous music in the set, the \\"Alla Turca\\" from K331 where Klien's playful impetuousness contrasts markedly with Pires' wistful poise. He hurtles through it at 3:07 while she takes literally half as long again. Both seems to work but perhaps a more revealing comparison may be made between their accounts of K 570, a more mature work redolent of Mozart's later, more profound style. To me, Pires captures somewhat more of the gentle, sighing melancholy of the Adagio; she is surprisingly free with her use of pauses and rubato and seems to make the silences sing - yet I still love the serenity of Klien's steadier pulse. Pires is similarly free with the tempi in the Adagio of K 576 and achieves a hesitant intimacy which Klien eschews in favour a more flowing melodiousness which is more andante than adagio. Again, both approaches work so well that I do not express a preference.<br /><br />\\"Gramophone\\" reviews of Pires' Mozart over the years have been uniformly lukewarm; I appreciate that not everyone responds to the delicacy and grace of her interpretations and can see how more impetus and thrust might be desired but I hear no lack of tension at moments such as minor key recapitulation in the Allegro maestoso of K310.<br /><br />If you do like her style, this super-bargain set in an attractive clamshell box with good notes represents a great bargain.the silences sing - yet I still love the serenity of Klien's steadier pulse. Pires is similarly free with the tempi in the Adagio of K 576 and achieves a hesitant intimacy which Klien eschews in favour a more flowing melodiousness which is more andante than adagio. Again, both approaches work so well that I do not express a preference.  \\"Gramophone\\" reviews of Pires' Mozart over the years have been uniformly lukewarm; I appreciate that not everyone responds to the delicacy and grace of her interpretations and can see how more impetus and thrust might be desired but I hear no lack of tension at moments such as minor key recapitulation in the Allegro maestoso of K310.  If you do like her style, this super-bargain set in an attractive clamshell box with good notes represents a great bargain.
B0058VW36U|5.0|This game is not only extremely adorable but the gameplay is incredibly addictive. Perfect for a short train ride or when you have a few free hours. Definitely worth the dollar, or as I like to think of it, making coffee at home one morning instead of buying it outside.
B004GUSG4M|1.0|Have you every read a slew of reviews and thought \\"what book were these readers reading\\"?<br /><br />That's the question I have after seeing any review that claims this book is thrilling. Or even entertaining. My gut feeling is this book has been guerrilla marketed. Watson is not a bad writer; indeed I agree with the reviewer that said he does a fine job of capturing the experience of a character rewriting her history each day through keeping a journal (stop for a second, however, and ask yourself if this is a good thing).<br /><br />The premise is an interesting one, if not a bit overdone these days (in fact, see \\"Memento\\", the movie, a much more intriguing thriller that examines a protagonist with a terrifying memory affliction). In this particular take on the subject, a woman with memory problems--a wife who cannot retain the previous day's memories (or any long term memory at all) upon waking each morning--struggles to figure out who she is, what exactly happened to her, and perhaps most importantly, who she can trust.<br /><br />Fair enough. There is some interesting potential here.<br /><br />But then that plot line replays for three-quarters of the book! I literally found myself at 80% on my Kindle before I felt like the plot might be finally moving somewhere toward a revelation that was looming for several hundred pages. The first few times Watson's protagonist wakes up and has to reread her journal to remember who she is and what happened, it's mildly interesting. (NOTE: nothing has actually happened to her in these captured pages, other than remembering who she is, who her husband is, and who her doctor is). After this daily replay for a few hundred pages, it's time for the hangman's noose.<br /><br />After all that monotony, however, I thought \\"based on all the reviews, something really exciting (read: THRILLING) must happen soon\\". I mean, the last 20% should knock our socks off, right? Nah. Anyone who couldn't figure out the \\"twist\\" by then needs to put away the sedatives.<br /><br />I wanted to love this book. Seeing Dennis Lehane's (much promoted) single line of praise \\"Exceptional...it left my nerves jangling for hours after I read the last page.\\" really whetted my appetite.<br /><br />Really, Dennis? I am a big Lehane fan; as I said, his endorsement was already enough for me. But there is NOTHING in this novel to make your nerves jangle (unless it is the futile frustration that you will never get those hours back again).<br /><br />For the reviewers (particularly the Top Reviewers who loved the book, I apologize. I am sorry you require so little from a storyline. Save your money, dear readers; here's 200+ pages of the plot:<br /><br />Write new things in the journal, question your husband's honesty, question what really happened to you, talk these things over with your doctor. Rinse. Repeat.<br /><br />Then, with less than 20% to go, prepare to discover what you should have pretty much known all along. Not frightening, not harrowing, not all that surprising. And certainly not thrilling.<br /><br />Certainly nothing over which to jangle any nerves.Seeing Dennis Lehane's (much promoted) single line of praise \\"Exceptional...it left my nerves jangling for hours after I read the last page.\\" really whetted my appetite.  Really, Dennis? I am a big Lehane fan; as I said, his endorsement was already enough for me. But there is NOTHING in this novel to make your nerves jangle (unless it is the futile frustration that you will never get those hours back again).  For the reviewers (particularly the Top Reviewers who loved the book, I apologize. I am sorry you require so little from a storyline. Save your money, dear readers; here's 200+ pages of the plot:   Write new things in the journal, question your husband's honesty, question what really happened to you, talk these things over with your doctor. Rinse. Repeat.  Then, with less than 20% to go, prepare to discover what you should have pretty much known all along. Not frightening, not harrowing, not all that surprising. And certainly not thrilling.  Certainly nothing over which to jangle any nerves.
B005LAZIRY|2.0|I used to be able to say that what Opeth does, Opeth does extremely well.  But with this release they are trying their hand at new and unrelated tricks, and it reveals their limits.  This seems a bit like a mid-life crisis album.  Being extremely successful in a particular niche got boring, and so Mikael wanted to try something totally new, but promote it with the brand power of Opeth.  Unfortunately, the song strength shows that this album was written for the artist's satisfaction and not the listeners.  And while it's important for an artist to be true to his or her self, an artist can't be surprised when their fans don't follow through the long and winding turns of an identity crisis.
B0036T32LQ|4.0|I watched a little bit of it and then got busy doing other things but found myself wondering how it turned out.  Glad I came back and finished it.
B0000DIXLM|5.0|great condition, i wish i like the eagle more than i thought i did, but all in all this was a great buy, good price and great condition
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I'll just say it ... leave it alone! Give us what we want!  The silly \\"nooo-oooo;\\" Greedo shoots first; and young Anakin at the end of ROTJ.  What is going on? Does he just surround himself with yes men?  ITs been said before, and I'll say it again -- PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE give us remastered original theatrical versions. Please!
B000JML7EC|5.0|My quest through the free Kindle classics continued with Treasure Island.Having never read this book it was all new to me.I found it was very well written as it kept me roped in to the story from start to finish and was  perfectly formatted for the kindle.This book should be required reading in school! If you are looking for a good fun read for all ages this book should be on your list.
B005974CDU|5.0|Outstanding new release from Dream Theater. I can't say anything negative- just great progressive,metal, melodic songs. Highlights include Bridges in the Sky and Lost not Forgotten. It seems as though every CD released on Roadrunner has been good. I would recommend their last 3 studio CDs for those of you who left them. The new drummer fits in nicely and the whole band shines.
0316056863|2.0|i have *recently* seen tina fey receiving accolades and praise for her work. not a fan (viewer) of snl, 30 rock or tina as an individual i had no real idea of her accomplishments or how she came to be \\"tina fey\\". i knew little more about her than she does a palin impression. :-/)  i thought this book might shed some insight into how a woman can garner high esteem for her work in a male dominated industry and earn the respect of her peers/the industry. i thought the book might hold some \\"lessons learned\\" from her life and applicable to all life.  it didnt really.  thru out the reading of this manual i had the gnawing feeling that tina's tryin to tell me something, but i never could figure out what. she has a point, i just didnt get it.  the writing is coherent, apt and i suppose even witty. (i suspect her humor is best relayed aloud. altho i recognize that she is being \\"funny\\", i didnt laugh, smile or even smirk a little at any point while reading `bossy pants`.) the sentences are grammatically correct. her sentences form paragraphs. those paragraphs turn into chapters and the chapters ultimately end up being a well-written readable book.   but i gained nothing from the read. lost some time in the process. maybe its just me. i must not be 'bossy pants's target audience. :-??
030788743X|5.0|I've read quite a few books this year but this one takes my top spot easily. If you lived through the 80's then you will definitely get a few grins out of this book. I laughed a lot, was totally engrossed throughout and blazed through it from the sheer love of it. I'm hoping that Ernest follows up with something even just half as good and I'll be in line for it.  Bravo Mr. Cline.
0316098329|5.0|I listened to the audiobook of Room.  It is extraordinary and should not be missed.  This book was made for an audiobook.  The main character is a little boy aged 5 whose name is Jack.  Jack and Ma live in Room.  Ma sleeps with Old Nick who comes from Outside while Jack sleeps in Wardrobe.  Jack is not allowed to see Old Nick nor be in Room without being in Wardrobe when he comes from Outside.  Jack knows only room and has a fondness for everything in it.  Blanket keeps him warm, Toliet is for poo and pee, Stove makes dinner and Table is where Ma and Jack eat.  Chair has some books near it which mom tells Jack in the evening.  All food, electricity and water come from Old Nick.  If gets angry, he can deny food, water and electricity to Ma and Jack.  Why?  Because Ma and Jack are prisoners in Room and locked in by Old Nick.  Ma has raised Jack to live with his surroundings and teaches him through the few books they have, stories she remembers and the TV they are allowed to watch.  At age 5, Ma decides to entrust Jack with the truth of their imprisonment and plots to make an escape.  The books covers not only the escape but the attempt to make sense of the world outside when they finally are found.  Ma is not accepted because she was tainted by Old Nick's attentions and the 2 children she had by him.  Jack is thought to be \\"retarded\\" and unacceptable because he lacked access to the outside world.  The struggle for Ma and Jack to accept their former lives and built new ones makes the second half of the book very moving.<br />The audiobook was very special as each character's voice was taken by a different actor and the woman who does Jack's child voice narration is amazing.  I highly recommend the audio version for this book.
B0052VUNHC|3.0|Told in first person through the eyes of the heroine Abby Abernathy, Beautiful Disaster chronicles the college freshman journey of two very young, emotional charged, highly idealistic, but oh-so-clueless people trying to act like grown up lovers. I honestly did enjoy it, but I think I am just too old (late 40's) to really care about so much self-inflicted angst. They were young with raw and unchecked emotions, too prideful to say what they really wanted to say, and loved those dramatic exit scenes every single time they had a fight (which was OFTEN!)<br /><br />The relationship was anything but healthy, and no way can I buy that these two young crazy delusional kids would live happily ever after. The hero (Travis) was interesting, but his quick temper and need for violence with every guy who glanced at Abby painted him as a dysfunctional and unhealthy human with OCD.  But the book chalks this off as mostly normal. And Abby wasn't much healthier, she had little clue how to deal with her newly developed emotions of love for this guy. She made some odd choices, and many backfired on her. They brought much drama and angst to their own lives, then tried to solve it with booze, sex and fighting.<br /><br />I'm glad I read it and can see why many liked it, but I wont be searching out more books like it. For me, this was NOT an \\"OMG, the best book EVER!!!\\".  Uh, no.
B004UHF51S|5.0|Michael Franks should be considered as one of the greatest songwriters of all time. The words are poetic and creative. Time together is an romantic, insiteful CD on reflecting, and romantic!!! This CD is destined to be another Michael Franks classic!! I put this one up with \\"Passionfruit\\"!!!!
B005LAZIRY|3.0|I \\"like\\" this album, but no matter what, as an Opeth fan, it is somewhat disappointing.  I mean the Opeth I love, The Twilight is my Robe, Black Rose Immortal, Apostle in Triumph, The Amen Corner, Moonlapse Vertigo, A Fair Judgement, Harlequin Forest, Heir Apparent, it is very tough to see and listen.  I've seen them in concert many times, they are wonderful musicians, and I've met them in person, great people.  I am really trying to love this album, it is just hard because it doesn't seem right.  I understand MA, wanting something different, but give us a snippet.  You don't just completely change the whole direction of your music with one fell swoop.  Even Damnation was supposedly a double album with Deliverance.  I don't necessarily need growls, but c'mon.  The Devils Orchard is a good song, I just wish the guitar solo at the end would've been about 30 seconds longer.  I just don't know what to say.  I'm trying.  I hope seeing them that they will play something that gets down and gives me the bangin'.  I read another review here earlier when the guy mentioned Celtic Frost \\"Cold Lake\\", I hope Opeth doesn't end up like that.  I mean I hate Dream Theater.  I don't even know if MA wants to keep going after this tour and album.  Oh well, lots of great music they have put out, and still my favorite band of all time.
0439023491|2.0|:SPOILER INSIDE: The book basically repeated Hunger Games to the point where after I read it I had wished that I had banged my head against the wall for a couple of days instead of committing so much time to this piece of horribly repetitive writing.  In the first book they lead on to this mysterious uprising that was boiling up then they decided to go nowhere with it. This book, aside from the ending leading into the rebellion and their escape to district 13, was a big flop. It was just a kind of meaningless middle piece that's just there to be ignored, much like the second Pirates of the Caribbean or the Order of the Phoenix. My advice is skip this and go straight for the third book. Although I haven't started reading, I can assure you it has to be better than this.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Beautifully made, with very simple mechanics. you understand the game immediately, but that doesn't mean it's easy. really well done
B003L77GGK|3.0|Similar to many other avid SUPERNATURAL fans, I am a bit disappointed with Season 6.  I just finished watching the DVD set (which, by the way, is once again well produced: it has easy to navigate discs, great sound and picture quality, interesting special features, and a great cover photo -- love the snake crawling up Sam Winchester's arm) and I have to tell you it was an uneven ride. As other reviewers have noted, the first 17 episodes are very scattered. Some are excellent while others, like \\"The French Mistake\\" are just plain bad. Taking Sam and Dean and placing them on the production stage of SUPERNATURAL takes the viewer out of the mythology and erodes the integrity of the characters for a bit of cheap self-adulation by the production staff.  The introduction of the Campbell cousins opened up some new possibilities for story archs, but the writers/producers/whoever decided to squander that by rapidly dispatching them in short order. (Bright spot: once dead characters return to life all the time on the show, so maybe we haven't seen the last of the Campbell cousins.) One episode has Dean Winchester running away like a scared little boy from a man who is following him. The next episode he's bad-mouthing a monster and staring him down. It's these types of character inconsistencies that have to leave us SUPERNATURAL fans scratching our heads and asking: \\"Why?\\"     On a more positive note, as with previous seasons, the acting overall is very good. Jim Beaver remains a true gift to the show and Jensen and Jared remain as charismatic as ever. The last five episodes I really liked. They helped to restore my faith that this show can continue to be great, although whether or not the character of Castiel is being developed wisely remains open for debate. Despite what I see as some weaker moments in Season 6, SUPERNATURAL is still a noteworthy show that manages to capture the imagination of its audience. It is worth adding to your collection. Hopefully Season 7 will see the boys returning to what I consider the series traditionally stronger characteristics: consistently high quality episodes, great monsters, tight pacing, addictive storylines, and less calling for help to angels.
B000I9VOCQ|5.0|I am a huge fan of the Western book genre, never really had an opportunity to view the old movies, until now. I am only recently discovering Clint Eastwood's work but I am doing it at a dead sprint now that I have seen High Plains Drifter.
B001UV4XIS|5.0|What has J.K. Rowling created but a masterpiece? This yound wizard, whose name is Harry Potter, has grown in so many people's hearts and now this DVD will show his final battle between him and Lord Voldemort. It is the final showdown and, as we all know, only one will survive. I read the books and went to the theatre and I was still surprised at how this movie was presented. The director did a wonderful job. The entire cast was there, along with some new faces. I left the theatre in tears because it is the last Harry Potter film and I am sure that I am not alone. Maybe Hollywood will find a way to make another Harry Potter film one day (maybe a prequel?)  Anyway, the wait is over. Complete your collection today. I am sure that one day the manufactorer of these DVDs will make one ultimate package of all the DVDs, but that will surely be really expensive.   Just think about how rich J.K. Rowling is.  I am surely going to be watching this movie again and again. I truly only wish it was not the end of the Harry Potter films. Daniel Radcliff (Harry Potter), Rupert Grint (Ronald Weasley), and Emma Watson (Hermoine Granger) all return along with many, many others!  This is a finale worth seeing, even if you are not a Harry Potter fan. If you just like Sci-fi movies, this is your movie too. This movie touches on romance, drama, action, adventure, and comedy in some ways. This movie is a steal at $17.99 because you know the stores will want more. Order yours now, complete your adventure with Harry Potter and when you do finish this movie, head on over to Universal Studios in Orlando, Florida. Why? In Islands of Adventure, they have a Harry Potter ride. It will not be there forever, so go a.s.a.p.   This is the last time you can order a Harry Potter DVD. What are you waiting for? Just remember this: I must not tell lies.
B0055S348W|5.0|I can print from my phone!  Wow, this is most cool!  Download this app while on vacation and just got a chance to try it out.  Opened the app, scanned for printers, and printed a photo.  All in less than 3 minutes.  I can't say anything negative at all.  Amazing, truly amazing.  Now my Android can really do it all. HTC Incedible running 2.3 ota gingerbread.
B000089RVX|5.0|This one of the best albums, Amy Lee has a great voice.  Every song is worth the money.  Bring Me To Life is one of the best songs ever released, it doesn't get old.
6305910340|3.0|Been looking for this DVD forever for grandson. When he started playing chess, I mentioned this movie and he was anxious to see it.  It's a great movie so don't understand why so difficult to find.  A new one was too expensive but the used one I got was just fine.
B004KD5TQI|5.0|We were blown away by Sucker Punch,and the soundtrack was first rate! We ordered it right away, and have been listening ever since. Excellent arrangements of old standards, and creatively written new music. Just watch the film,and see if you don't want to hear the soundtrack again! Dare ya! LB
B00009ATIX|5.0|What is real? Does it matter?   Since Descartes decided that thought was being, or since a man wondered if this could all be a dream, this question has haunted us, now even more insistently with the advent of virtual worlds and artificial intelligence.   Would you reject reality in favor of the dream, as so many virtual gamers unconsciously assent to?  Even for Plato, the realm of Ideas was more perfect and real than the world.  Could you fall in love with someone virtually?  What does it feel like to be a being with artificial intelligence and artificial emotions?  Are we not that, in some way too?  This film probes all this and will stay with you for a lifetime.  It is not slow. It is a thriller. And a love story. And metaphysical.
B00067BBQE|5.0|If you like there music you will love this CD.  This band has one heck up a good time backstage between shows. Just wouldn't want the job cleaning up their dressing room after they leave. Will have to watch the video to learn why.
0547260695|5.0|I am already a big fan of artful, well-designed pop-up books (ANYTHING by Robert Sabuda, Paper Engineer, is great). This book, however, is perhaps the best of my entire collection!  The (English, not French) text is UNABRIDGED (a wonderful first for me) and the paper engineering is truly magical. You have my word you will be inspired and delighted each time you pick up this book.  An excellent gift for adults and older, careful children, but please remember to purchase one for yourself -- you will NOT be sorry!  Enjoy,  Kathryn  Fort Myers, FL
B004EPYZU8|5.0|Wasn't expecting too much when we rented this flick. Boy, was I surprised! High speed action, well done special effects, and a story that keeps interest. Very human without being maudlin. I am recommending it to my friends. LB
B005HGKW00|5.0|Really good movie. I love historical films which peek my interest. Robin Wright Penn is very good in this role. I am not sure how it all played out in actual history, but she had you routing for her.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|very well written game. great for teaching problem solving. try the free version then pay the $.99 it's worth it.
0316134082|5.0|I'm a huge fan of the Twilight books, but I have no copies of my own because my teenage daughter claimed the set we bought as her own. Then I discovered the Collector's editions, and I started buying those. I've been waiting forever for Breaking Dawn to come out in the Collector's Edition, and when it did, I pounced. I love the book sleeve, the fabric covers, and the quality paper irregularly cut. I also like the stamped author's signature in every book. Great value for a collectible book.
B0013D8LKO|5.0|I was slow to warm to the notion that Eyes Wide Shut was going to be a good movie.  I have been a fan of Dr. Strangelove for many years, but, I naively held the idea that Kubrick's films were uneven and a perhaps somewhat overbearing....Clockwork Orange and perhaps 2001 for example.  I prepared myself to receive EWS by reading a large number of Schnitzler's short stories and novellas, including, of course, the one on which EWS is based.  Then, only after extensive immersion in Schnitzler's mindset, did I watch the unexpurgated version of EWS that I found on Amazon.  The film is carefully faithful to the original story.  Its basic divergence is the historical setting.  Now I realized how Stanley Kubrick told the story through the acting genius of his brilliant actors Cruise and especially Kidman.  The extra material on the 2nd disc included interviews with the actors and Steven Spielberg who also shared how slow he was to \\"get\\" Kubrick's films.  When he told me that he watched some of Kubrick's films dozens of times, The Shining, e.g., I realized that there were layers to discover in Kubrick that I had previously left unexplored.  Now, I've seen Paths of Glory, and, I may even revisit The Shining, but Eyes Wide Shut has been a revelation, sometimes very uncomfortable, that life is full of surprises, and that there is much to learn in one lifetime.
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|This is a very uplifing Christian film, showing the struggle that Bethany Hamilton encountered and overcame as a result of her strong Faith in God. Buy this movie today, it is AMAZING!!
B003YV64OI|5.0|All i have to say is wow. i am impressed. This processor runs super fast. destroys everything i throw at it. With certain motherboards you can unlock the forth core (which i did) and it becomes a phenom II x4 B45 processor. This processor performs better than the i3-2100,and it rates a 7.3/7.9 on the windows 7 rater. This little chip is great for gaming or business.Do not hesitate to buy this! you will not be disappointed!
B005HG4C4C|5.0|Great Album !  Melodic , heavy , progressive ! A must buy for any Dream Theater / Melodic Metal fan .... Also check out / buy albums here on Amazon MP3 by these similar bands : MAGNITUDE 9  --- FATES WARNING --- KAMELOT --- HELLOWEEN
B005FNPIG8|4.0|Surprisingly good first, because Jean-Claude even though he is a major character plays a more subtle low-key role which actually works and is a noticeable improvement over several of his past decade or so film attempts. Second, Adkins also subtle quiet assassin performance seemed to fit well with Jean-Claude. Third, the script had a nice flow with a few creative twists and, of course, the usual mayhem. Fourth, the directing was quite good in that it allowed the story to quietly unfold without a lot of visual or auditory noise to mask any inadequacies in the acting, story or setting.   The only real negative is that too many of the elements or sub-plots were borrowed from the truckloads of other similar movies of the past. The hiding ex-operative; the assassin for hire with secret arsenals and quirky abodes; the back room middle man; CIA or similar organizations with some ethically questionable dealings and coverups; adversaries that switch allegiances and team up. All done before but I can see a sequel here.
B004ZGM76A|2.0|\\"Sucker Punch\\" gets so close - it really does. For about 50% of its duration - it absolutely rocks. Employing visuals that borrow heavily from Guillermo Del Toro's \\"Hellboy\\" and The Wachowski Brothers' \\"Matrix\\" (falling empty shell casings, running up and down walls with big guns and even bigger swords) - it serves up huge action set pieces that come at you with the breathtaking audacity of a Punk band doing their first gig. But I'm afraid that's where the good news end, because there is also so much 'wrong' with this film...<br /><br />The story goes something like this - the principal female character (the permanently soppy-faced Baby Doll played by Emily Browning) has five days to escape before the 'High Roller' comes into town and has his perverted way. Baby Doll and her fellow inmates are then instructed by a wise warrior (Scott Glenn) to gather up 5 items from 4 battles - a map, a knife, fire and a Key - the fifth item being an unknown - a mythical thing that will set them free if only Baby Doll can recognize what it is. It helps of course that the heroines look like a SEAL team from St. Trinians - tooled-up twenty-something nubiles with protruding cleavage, laced-up leather bodices, frilly skirts and Cheerleader ponytails.<br /><br />It all sounds like great fun - and as I say - in parts it is. But all that hard-won admiration goes right out the window when we encounter the real world and the 'other' storyline...<br /><br />The girls are really in a Vermont Sanatorium - orphaned and under the watchful eye of a violent slimeball called Blue (Oscar Isaac). The Lennox House for the Mentally Insane is a place where cruelty is an institutionalized norm and use of their bodies a lucrative side business. To alleviate all of this authority-ignored abuse of the inmates, Dr. Gorski (Carla Gugino) teaches each pretty young lady how to dance and thereby 'escape' to where there is no fear and they are free. \\"...That place can be as real as any pain...\\" she wisely councils them - poncing about the theatre area in her own ludicrously provocative outfit that's a composite of teacher, Madam and slut. And as you can imagine - it's these slyly staged scenes that will sorely test the patience of even the most open-minded of viewers. I hate to come across like an old prude here - but the 'girlpower' theme is so obviously exploitive - and worse - the film is blatantly guilty of voyeuristic sleaze it supposedly abhors.<br /><br />But that's not the worst part - there's sickening cruelty doled out by men on the girls. Instead of empowerment of women we get assaults in kitchens, beatings in offices and lap dancing for grotesque male patrons. And \\"Sucker Punch\\" somehow seems to gloat on it too. It smacks of appalling hypocrisy and has of course caused an outcry in the States (as did the graphic violence to children in the sick \\"Watchmen\\"). Women's Groups everywhere may quite rightly feel that Director Zack Snyder needs to be taken outside - given a good slap - and told to grow up.<br /><br />It's a damn shame because you can't help but think that with some obvious rejiggering of the plot - put all the fantasy action sequences together in one go with the Asylum stuff at the end - thereby giving you a big reveal and also giving the girls a freedom of sorts - Snyder might have indeed produced a genre masterpiece that actually said something into the bargain. The actresses themselves could also be accused of being 'suckered' into such an obvious mix of titillation and torture, but they were probably having too much fun swinging around on pulleys to notice.<br /><br />\\"Sucker Punch\\" is not a movie I'm going to watch again willingly - let alone buy - and it's hard to forgive its staggeringly convenient theme about the empowerment of women through sexy clothes and fighting. But some of those action sequences are great and some may feel it's worth a rental for that alone.them - poncing about the theatre area in her own ludicrously provocative outfit that's a composite of teacher, Madam and slut. And as you can imagine - it's these slyly staged scenes that will sorely test the patience of even the most open-minded of viewers. I hate to come across like an old prude here - but the 'girlpower' theme is so obviously exploitive - and worse - the film is blatantly guilty of voyeuristic sleaze it supposedly abhors.<br /><br />But that's not the worst part - there's sickening cruelty doled out by men on the girls. Instead of empowerment of women we get assaults in kitchens, beatings in offices and lap dancing for grotesque male patrons. And \\"Sucker Punch\\" somehow seems to gloat on it too. It smacks of appalling hypocrisy and has of course caused an outcry in the States (as did the graphic violence to children in the sick \\"Watchmen\\"). Women's Groups everywhere may quite rightly feel that Director Zack Snyder needs to be taken outside - given a good slap - and told to grow up.<br /><br />It's a damn shame because you can't help but think that with some obvious rejiggering of the plot - put all the fantasy action sequences together in one go with the Asylum stuff at the end - thereby giving you a big reveal and also giving the girls a freedom of sorts - Snyder might have indeed produced a genre masterpiece that actually said something into the bargain. The actresses themselves could also be accused of being 'suckered' into such an obvious mix of titillation and torture, but they were probably having too much fun swinging around on pulleys to notice.<br /><br />\\"Sucker Punch\\" is not a movie I'm going to watch again willingly - let alone buy - and it's hard to forgive its staggeringly convenient theme about the empowerment of women through sexy clothes and fighting. But some of those action sequences are great and some may feel it's worth a rental for that alone.
B0055SWM08|5.0|this is a great mind challenge is you don't use hints.  I have not used hints yet and will stay on a puzzle till I solve it.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|you guys are out of your minds this book is the BEST book known to man. i have read it exactly six times and each one i have not failed to have a shiver run up and down my spin. i love nessie and bella and edward. [ edward is HOT] i am twelve and i read at a high school grads. reading level.
B005J4TLN4|5.0|I have to say that Attack The Block - written and directed by Joe Cornish - is a pleasant surprise on a number of levels. Given the premise, this could easily have been just another cliched alien invasion movie, but believe me, it is most definitely not. Two things immediately make Attack The Block a cut above any of the myriad films of that overworked genre:  1) As the writer, Cornish actually put a lot of thought into the script that makes this film fresh and imaginative, and (2) as director, Cornish was willing to take chances with his characters not being the usual earnestly cute 'safe' kids from American suburbia.<br /><br />The basic situation behind Attack The Block is that, for some reason, alien beings are suddenly landing (crashing actually) in one of the seedier parts of London and are converging on one particular 'council block' (what here in the states would generally be referred to as a low-income housing project).  The council block in question is home for a street gang of young hoodies who make up most of the main characters in the film, and the situation quickly evolves into a fight for survival as the kids in the gang try to evade or kill the aliens attacking their block who increasingly seem to be coming after them in particular.<br /><br />When it comes to the aliens, Cornish successfully avoids a number of cliches.  These aliens aren't cute and curious, and they aren't invading super-soldiers armed with superior technology.  They're not here to make contact, they're not here to study us, and they're not here to take over the world.  They aren't even sentient, but they are here for a reason, and I guarantee you'll never have seen this in any other movie that's come before; a quite notable achievement on Cornish's part.<br /><br />The physical conception of the aliens is also quite fresh.  I don't want to give away anything, but Cornish does a great job of going fairly low-tech here, relying on older traditions involving physical costuming, lighting and prosthetics rather than CGI imagineering, and again, putting some actual thought into his aliens, coming up with something that isn't a retread.  One detail I can giveaway I suppose:  the aliens' teeth _glow_, a bright, gleaming fluorescent maw of myriad icy blue fangs that becomes a really cool effect, especially when you see them coming after you.<br /><br />And when it comes to the kids, Spielberg this is not.  These kids have hard edges:  they're a gang of young hoodies who swear and smoke pot; they deal, threaten and steal.  The film definitely veers from the safe when it starts right off with the kids mugging a nurse!  It says something though that Cornish can set things up so that while it's clear that these aren't your typical clean safe suburbanite youngsters, he gradually fleshes them out into whole complex characters who can by empathized with if not exactly approved of. Little glimpses here and there remind us that for all their hard edges and their street tough bravado and swagger, they are still just kids.<br /><br />The cast of mostly young unknowns is terrific.  John Boyega as Moses, the gang leader, is a natural, giving a layered performance, often with little more than a wordless look, that gradually brings out just how complicated his character really is.  Alex Esmail's Pest is quite engaging, alternating between being a mouthy little tough one moment and showing surprising frankness and vulnerability the next. And, after he gets chewed on by one of the creatures, being cheeky enough to hit on Jodie Whittaker's nurse as she's tending to his leg. Another great scene gives the girls in the block their due when the boys retreat to their flat and are taken down several pegs by Danielle Vitalis' feisty Tia and her cohorts who openly wonder what stupid stunt the boys have pulled this time to get into trouble. And who end up showing what they're made of when the creatures attack their place.<br /><br />I particularly liked the sub-plot around twopre-teen baby-thug wannabees, played to the hilt by Sammy Williams and Michael Ajao, who keep trying to join up with the older boys - insisting on being called Probs and Mayhem - but who keep getting told by Moses and the others to bugger off and go home. At one point the exasperated Probs chides his pint-sized cohort \\"No one is going to call you Mayhem if you keep acting like such a pussy!\\"<br /><br />The dialogue is quite well done, though as you'd expect, the setting means that there's a fair amount of British working-class accent involved, and the London hoodie slang the kids use in abundance in particular takes a bit of getting used to. But it's quite effective in making the characters feel authentic and believable as a bunch of streetwise kids in their bizarre situation.<br /><br />About the only actor familiar to American audiences would be Nick Frost (Shaun of the Dead, Paul) as Ron, the block's amiably laid-back pot grower who happens to have the most secure room in the building. The other adult actors are mostly from British TV and not really known here in the US.  Jodie Whittaker is excellent as Sam, the nurse who, after having been one of the gang's victims, ends up having to ally with them for survival. As one of the gang urgently tells her, \\"There's worse things out there to be scared of than us tonight. Trust!\\" Luke Treadaway is subtly comic as Brewis, one of Ron's regular customers whose bumbling attempts to fit in with the hoodies earns him their derision but who nonetheless stumbles on the reason behind why the aliens are coming after them. And Jumayn Hunter is perfect as Hi-Hatz, the block's big-league gangster the hoodies only aspire to be.<br /><br />But a lot of what makes Attack The Block work is Cornish's deft hand as director and writer. The pacing is fast-paced and perfect, balancing peril with humor and action with character development so that there's never a point where the film drags or jars. And the balance of ingenuity and folly on the characters' parts makes them all the more believable in the situation that they're in.<br /><br />Highly recommended for anyone who likes a good scifi/horror action movie that's more than just a rehash of things that were done to death long ago.y Williams and Michael Ajao, who keep trying to join up with the older boys - insisting on being called Probs and Mayhem - but who keep getting told by Moses and the others to bugger off and go home. At one point the exasperated Probs chides his pint-sized cohort \\"No one is going to call you Mayhem if you keep acting like such a pussy!\\"   The dialogue is quite well done, though as you'd expect, the setting means that there's a fair amount of British working-class accent involved, and the London hoodie slang the kids use in abundance in particular takes a bit of getting used to. But it's quite effective in making the characters feel authentic and believable as a bunch of streetwise kids in their bizarre situation.   About the only actor familiar to American audiences would be Nick Frost (Shaun of the Dead, Paul) as Ron, the block's amiably laid-back pot grower who happens to have the most secure room in the building. The other adult actors are mostly from British TV and not really known here in the US.  Jodie Whittaker is excellent as Sam, the nurse who, after having been one of the gang's victims, ends up having to ally with them for survival. As one of the gang urgently tells her, \\"There's worse things out there to be scared of than us tonight. Trust!\\" Luke Treadaway is subtly comic as Brewis, one of Ron's regular customers whose bumbling attempts to fit in with the hoodies earns him their derision but who nonetheless stumbles on the reason behind why the aliens are coming after them. And Jumayn Hunter is perfect as Hi-Hatz, the block's big-league gangster the hoodies only aspire to be.    But a lot of what makes Attack The Block work is Cornish's deft hand as director and writer. The pacing is fast-paced and perfect, balancing peril with humor and action with character development so that there's never a point where the film drags or jars. And the balance of ingenuity and folly on the characters' parts makes them all the more believable in the situation that they're in.  Highly recommended for anyone who likes a good scifi/horror action movie that's more than just a rehash of things that were done to death long ago.
B003V6L94Q|5.0|Once again, the Zac Brown Band has delivered a lyrically rich and musically complex collection of songs. Excellent follow-up to The Foundation... So talented and musically diverse. Looking forward to the next release. Can never get enough of their music.
B004H6OWU2|5.0|i love where popular radio music is heading these days. I love the dubstep influence in Katy's songs... nothing over the top but enough that it could be played along side La Roux remixes, skrillex, and bass nectar! anyway, toss this cd in at your next party and you'll be a hit!
B004SUDQ4U|4.0|hooray, its on blu ray, good day, its arrived safely and ready to be played. i have seen this movie on dvd and in the cinema . i found it a gripping war drama. and can;t wait to see how it looks and sounds on blu ray. BTW its not avail on blu ray in australia. so, there's a whole to fill in that market niche.
B001TKD4ZI|3.0|it was a really good book... i want to read the next one... it's mediocre you know one of those stories that's been done a million times especially now with the new vampire rage... but it's one of those books that's good for a quick read... just fun and light... everyone needs one these books every now and then
