B00000JPH5|5.0|Tons! This is such a amazing video! You can never get bored of it. I've watched it two times in one day!Hopefully I get this for my birthday. Everyone can watch this movie because it's not scary. Bye!
0553212737|4.0|Without a doubt, the most whitty and comical Austin novel.  Not as heavy and deep as say, &quot;Sense and Sensabilty&quot; or &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot;...but, just as wonderfully written.  A real treat.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This album is the only I have that I can listen to all the way through with out thinking'enough already' to a certain song. Every song is good! Fiona Apple has more songwriting talent than pretty much anyone today. Her  songs are more clever and original than Britney Spear or Christina Aguilera  could hope to be. <br />The three best songs [I think] are no. 5, &quot;Paper  Bag&quot;, an extremely well-written song about obsession and love; no. 7,  &quot;Fast As You Can&quot; a song warning her potential mate just  &quot;How Crazy, How Crazy I am&quot;; and no. 2, &quot;To Your Love&quot;,  an highly energetic number that tells of how weak and ignorant her lover  is.<br />When she croons  &quot;My DERRING-DO allows me TO Dance the RigaDOON  around YOU But by the time I'm close to YOU I LOSE my DesideraTUM and now  YOU&quot;<br />I get goosebumps.
6305342776|3.0|This movie was before its time in many ways. Not only was it the FIRST Digitally Mastered Soundtrack, it was a forerunner in CG (Computer Graphics) the opening sequence (green computer matrix that ends in a  spiraling Black Hole) was the first of its kind. Not even &quot;Star Wars:  The Empire Strikes Back&quot; released a year later attempted the use of  Computer Graphics! The only drawback is the poorly done ending. Too build  our interest in the Black Hole, only to show close-ups of our hero's doing  flips in their ship after they enter was disappointing.
6305603847|5.0|I watch it over and over again. The more I watch it, the more details I find. Remastering makes it look like it was shot yesterday, and beautiful sound puts you right into action.
0793518326|4.0|This book is great! Except for the fact that the book print is tiny, and in some cases can give one a headache, it is a great book. I have not yet found any of the mistakes I've heard about, but I'm sure they are there.  Also, this book is missing the transcriptions for Free As A Bird and Real  Love, but then no book's perfect, is it?
0790729628|4.0|Ridley Scott's 'Bladerunner' is a visual masterpiece, a stunning classic and original science fiction film noir.  The special effects and set design are well done, especially for their time, and the great attention to detail  and numerous nice touches are evident even after multiple viewings.  This  stark, visionary look at the future of L.A. is absolutely the most highly  original and stylish of any science fiction movie yet.<br />I am disappointed  by the DVD version of the 'Director's Cut', which could and should have  much more in the way of extra features, including out-takes, director and  cast commentary, and many other extras usually included with films that  have state-of-the-art special effects.  This version of 'Bladerunner' has  none of that, only the bare-bones selections for languages, subtitles, and  track access.  <br />This is an inexcusable omission for a movie of such cult  stature.  In fact, I am sure that if the studio were to release a second  DVD containing nothing but the 'extras' for 'Bladerunner', it would surely  be a profitable seller.  This movie was too well-done and too influential  to not have all the DVD extras.<br />So: I give it five stars for content  ('Bladerunner' is the best movie in existence of its kind), and three for  the DVD rendition, for a composite total of four stars.
B000020617|4.0|I like this CD a bunch.  The songs are mostly good; I have to skip a song once or twice, however.  I haven't bought any of the Foo's previous CDs, but I probably will since most people are saying this is the equal to that  -- or even not as good as their first and second albums.<br />Oh, yeah.  DON'T  COMPARE THEM TO NIRVANA.  Sure, Grohl was in Nirvana.  So?  That doesn't  mean the Foo's have to be like them.
6304509162|5.0|Poltergiest is one of the all time great horror films. It has everything, terror, suspense, great special effects (not over done like in more recent films) and  great acting   (even from the child actors),
B0000013G9|5.0|Finally, some talent in the pop world!  I adore this CD -- much more than Fanmail.  All of the songs are dance-able (! ) and have good beats.  &quot;Waterfalls&quot; and &quot;Creep&quot; are my favorites --  &quot;Waterfalls&quot; has a good message, what most artists and groups are  lacking now a days.  So sad that there are so many talent-less groups  around here!  :&gt;
B00000JBCP|4.0|This album is a really good live album from the best latin american group ever(Mana of course), there is alots of differences type of music, such as pop/Rock and Reaggie.  al from beautefull ballads such as &quot;No ha  parado De llover&quot; and Vivir Sin Aire&quot; to the good rock song  &quot;Ana&quot; and the song &quot;Rayando El Sol&quot; which was the band  first hit.....<br />But there were some good song missing in my opinion, that  was the reason why I didn`t gave it 5, and I prefer original album, instead  of live, but this was an exepction of course.  Buy it if you like  Mana.<br />But still I am waiting for a &quot;Best of Mana&quot; album.
0679736646|2.0|I'm a bit of a Sci-Fi buff, but found this book disappointing.  The characters and background were not well explained and I found the final page that other reviewers praise as being so groundbreaking a bit of an  anticlimax - nothing special.  I'd recomend Asimov instead any day -  something like the foundation series by Asimov (the fourth book in the  series is perhaps the best Sci-Fi I've read - pure quality)
B000000WHX|5.0|The best dance album of the 90's period
B0000399WI|4.0|When I first saw this movie, I had no idea what I was in for.  Tim Robbin's portrayal of Andy is spell-binding.  His voice is calm and even, almost monotonous, yet you see the wheels constantly turning.  The twists  at the end were especially clever.  Morgan Freeman's character, Red, was an  accurate example of a man in prison and his refusal to look for hope.  It  was also interesting to see how the once tough-in-prison Red became the  mild-mannered grocery bagger after his release, even forgetting that he  didn't have to ask permission to go to the bathroom anymore.  Some  complained of the length, but every minute was interesting and enjoyable.
0449227545|2.0|Some of Follett's books have captivated me for weeks after I finished them.  This one wasn't even interesting while I was reading it.  I hope Ken can get back to the topics he knows about and quit writing formula books  that don't do his talents credit.
6305657947|3.0|&quot;The Thomas Crown Affair&quot; is a worthy remake to the film starring Steve McQueen and Faye Dunaway.<br />Just so it's clear, Pierce Brosnan can't touch McQueen in any aspect, but the movie is worthy and  sometimes superior in other areas.  The movie is directed by one of my  favorites(John McTiernan) who directs a pretty entertaining movie and  manages to get good performances from his cast.<br />Yes, this does include  Pierce Brosnan, who actually shows hints of personality, sense of humor and  looks interested in this film.  Rene Russo, however, is simply terrific.   She looks fabulous in this film(better than in Buddy) and conveys more  sexiness in her left leg than most whiny young actresses can come up with  in an hour drama.  Her permance is also very solid, and while watching her  spar with Brosnan, you have to believe that if the two characters were  trying to outdo each other in real life, Rene Russo would simply dominate  that match.  Denis Leary does what he can(although it's good work) with the  nothing role of the cop, who's not allowed to solve the case.<br />The movie  manages to be a quite entertaining adventure without a single shot being  fired, as McTiernan sets up clever heist scenes.  Some scenes do run too  long, and others shouldn't be in the movie in the first place(we know he's  rich I don't have to see him take her for a ride on his plane)<br />Although  the ending is weak(that's happening to often nowadays) &quot;The Thomas  Crown Affair&quot; is an overall entertaining movie.  Rent this and promise  never to see Entrapment
B00000K19E|1.0|A Luddite NRA Love Story: boy meets guns, falls in love with guns, shoots everyone (P.S. computers are evil).  Heavily promoted special effects are a lame substitute for everything the movie fails to deliver: beauty, soul,  and truth.
B000021Y74|4.0|&quot;Run Lola Run&quot; is unlike any other recent movie that's been made in several years( that's a good thing by the way}. However the movie is not different just for the sake of being different. This movie is a completely  original and well structured piece of work.<br />The story centers on a small  time criminal name Manni who must have 100,000 marks(whatever that is) in  20 minutes or he will die. He contacts his loving girlfriend Lola and as  soon as she leaves the door to the apartment the movie rarely slows down.  The movie then shows us three alternate and equally entertaining results to  the situation.<br />One of the more interesting innovation was the fact that  the movie shows us how the lives of seemingly insignificant characters are  affected by their run-ins with Lola.  By the third time, since these  characters are significant, you just don't care.  Techno music never  sounded more appropriate(I'm not sure that's a good thing) as it is a good  companion to the fast and sometimes exhausting pace of the movie.<br />The  movie had style to spare and enough substance so that's why I liked it very  much.
B000000ZGO|5.0|he turns walk on by out and makes it his own.also by the time i get to Phoenix.his style has been very influential on many artists.the cut Hyperbolicsyllabicsesquedalymistic a funky workout with The Barkays drops  around the same time as when Sly Stone would use the same kind of way of  connecting words and just before George Clinton &amp;parliament funkadelic  used long titles for songs.his genius to me has been underappreciated.he is  very underrated.his music and contributions is more than Shaft or South  Park.this disc is smoking.
6304539258|1.0|Twenty-three years later I am still bored to death whenever I sit down to watch this film and see what all the fuss is about.  Some films over the years have at least started to grow on me, but &quot;Star Wars&quot; never  has, and probably never will.  I'm a Harrison Ford fan and I like just  about every movie he's ever made, but even the Ford can't do much for  &quot;Star Wars&quot; in my opinion. Cute robots? Oh, brother.
061315231X|5.0|I first read this book when i was in the seventh grade and not a year has gone by when i don't read it.  This novel has everthing immaginable from love to death, religion to war, the possibilities are endless.  Meggie has  a quality about her that makes her one of the strongest women i have ever  read about.  A MUST READ!
B000000OQY|5.0|Two words sum up my review  &quot;CLASSIC ALBUM! &quot
0780624890|2.0|I really hope the people who wrote the reviews here aren't a random sampling of the population. The bad guys had the &quot;cowboys and indians disease&quot; in that they couldn't hit the broadside of a barn with a  machine gun, the acting was mostly bad, there were ridiculous amounts of  blood, the plot was somewhat inconsistent, and I fail to see how a god  could be vulnerable to chemical reactions. I thought the beginning scene  was somewhat clever, but from there the entire movie went  downhill.<br />Fortunately, if you turn your brain off the movie can be  entertaining.
B000000OSE|5.0|I have been a die hard devoted fan of GNR since I was 15. I got to say, 13 years later it still stands the test of time! &quot;Use Your  Illusion1&quot; is a masterpiece of angry,confused and heart felt song  writing that takes you on a rollercoaster ride of expecting the  unexpected!From the opening cords of &quot;Right next door to hell&quot; to  &quot;Coma&quot; gives the listener their moneys worth and then some. Every  song rocks! There are no fillers in this album or any other gnr album.  Worth the wait of 4 years after their masterpiece classic album  &quot;Appetite for Destruction&quot;. My personal favorites are. Don't Cry,  Dust N' Bones, Back off Bitch, November Rain,Don't Damn Me and Coma. Their  cover version of &quot;Live and Let Die&quot; makes the song sound like it  went on steroids! A must have for any GNR fan or metal fans that want a  complete albums worth of material. &quot;Illusion 2&quot; is just as good  but not as heavy.I wish all bands put out complete albums like GN'R does!
B00001QGPS|5.0|Simply put, &quot;Blackout&quot; is one of the finest hip-hop albums to be released in recent memory.  Much of this comes as a result of Erick Sermon's production mastery--his beats are tight and hold together after  repeated listenings.  Two tracks by exec-producer RZA and Rockwilder's  intense &quot;Da Rockwilder&quot; are also stand-outs.  If not up to these  tracks pure energy, the rest of the album still hangs tight with a diverse  mix of experimentation and generally pleasing ear candy.  Guest apperances  by LL Cool J, Ja Rule and Ghostface Killa are also an exceptional change of  pace from the give and take of Meth and Red which is, by the way, in itself  an extrodinary listening experiance.
6304169558|5.0|This movie is just fantastic!  It's got just the right mix of action, humour, and romance.  Definately one of Helen Hunts best movies, she just keeps getting better and better.
B00000JCOV|5.0|If you don't have this cd you gotta get it! This break through band is #1 with me. Slipknot is heavy &amp; hard. All 15 of their songs are awesome. It's the best cd you can get for 12.99. If you don't have it what are you  waiting for, get out there and get it. SLIPKNOT RULES!
6305657947|1.0|i have never wanted to walk out on a film until now. i would have had not my wife wanted to see it. i found the premeis of the movie interesting, but it completly failed to grip. after the first 10 minutes the action is over  and the rest of the movie is a predictable and dull cat and mouse game that  means nothing because it is so predictable. many of the situations are  ridiculas and the script is lacking. if you have a desperate need to see  this then i recommend watching the original.
0679460063|3.0|Reminding this book is suppossed to be a forensics thriller, I liked it. I mean, I wasn't expecting car chases or a M.E. turned cop carrying a gun or wrestling someone into the ground. The descriptions of virus, methods, and  so on are good for me. This is not suppossed to be Tom Clancy or Fredric  Forsyth. If you're interested in forensics this is a great read.
630562285X|2.0|another brain dead movie definitly molded after thomas crown affair. same plot same idea some concept. and nearly as bad. it has a little more action than crown affair but it lacks any real substance, which is a shame because  it could have been great. the ending is weak and much of the film is very  unbelievable. maybe they thought the actors would carry the film. i'd look  elsewhere and give this one a miss.
1570425671|5.0|My younger brother, who works at a bookstore, brought this audio book along on our road trip to Cleveland, Ohio.  I really like David Sedaris' sister who is in &quot;Stranger's with Candy&quot;, so I opted to listen to  this tape.  It was so hilarious, I cried.  I got mascara in my eyes and  almost had to pull over.  I asked my brother to get out my inhaler(I have  asthma)because I was laughing so hard.  David is warped.  I loved it!  If  you listen to this in the car, be careful while you are driving.
0380973464|5.0|You come away with the impression that you may know more about the time period and events in question than the actual participants.  However, the book is in excess of 900 pages, and there are no pictures. Readers whose  attention span is momentary, and who are accustomed to reading text  enclosed in a balloon coming out of the speaker's mouth will find this book  very challenging. The faint of heart would be well advised to put this one  down and return to the comics aisle for the latest edition of the Hulk, or  whatever.
B0000069NM|5.0|With a truly understated approach, Scofield melds his guitar virtuosity with MMW's rock-solid rhythm accompanient, and the result is pure magic.  Although solidly grounded in funk fundamentals, this album has a unique,  sublime sound that is hard to pin down and categorize.  Not that we need to  -- it stands on its own, and gets better with each listen.
1558908455|5.0|Few movies I have seen in my lifetime made me sit up straight on the couch like I did during this movie.  A typical cops and robbers movie suddenly turns into a totally different plot.  You gotta see this one.  I added this  to my DVD collection so should you.
0446910201|5.0|I just saw the movie today and boy, did it get to me.  I'm only 11 years old too!  Rubin Carter is a unique, strong, charactered man.  The other innocent guy that was with rubin that night was a great guy too.  He  could've just said, &quot;I didn't do it.&quot; and he would've gotton off  the hook.  What really kills me is the fact that Rubin was guilty was  because he was black!  He lost that champion boxing fight because he was  black too!  Some people are just...well there's really no word for  them...oh ya, rasict!  I hate those kind of people!
B00000K2SC|4.0|Let's face it.The 90s have witnessed a whole generation of brainless blockbuster Sci-Fi movies.Do the names ID4,Godzilla,Armageddon or the hideous Star Wars:Episode 1(what a nasty way to spoil a really interesting  trilogy)ring a bell? Then arrived The Matrix to save the film industry from  permanent brain damage,at the very end of the Millenium.This movie  proved-for the first time for all I know-that special effects shouldn't be  an excuse to dehuminaze the plot by delivering eye-candies that taste like  really bad bubblegum(hello Jar-Jar Binks).It's no wonder the Matrix has  already been made into a cult film,even more after it was announced that  this was just the first part of a trilogy. The first time I saw the film,I  was shocked,I didn't even want to turn on my computer for a while.At night  I wondered wether I really should  trust &quot;reality&quot; through my  five senses. The movie wonderfully defines the society of the 90s where  computers have &quot;made your life easier and more comfortable&quot;.For  instance,if you want to buy a pizza,you don't have to go the place,you can  order it via Internet.Or say you want to watch a Marilyn Manson concert,you  dint have to go to the show,it comes to your home.In my opinion,the  samazing scene where Neo wakes up to find himself living in a gross  cocoon,doesnt differ much from the world as it is today.People consume  everytime less energy because technology makes all the job for us.We are  turning into plants without realizing it.Even as I write this review,IT is  happenin. Other remarkable features are the Lewis Carroll references,the  monologue by...say,Agent Smith! concerning the evolution of mankind and of  course the action sequences. Of course the film has some weak spots.For  example,Morpheus' first appearance followed by a lightning,which I found a  bit clich. Still,watching Trinity run away from the agents in a leather  outfit  at the very beginning really pays off,among other stuff. And in  case you're wondering how the hell did Agent Smith manage to write tjhis  review from Lima,Peru,think again,dont let yourself be tricked by your own  senses.I am really writing this review? Does Peru really exist? Or do you  think perhaps that's air you're breathing?
156224003X|5.0|Kenny's story alone makes it worth the price of admission!  He's a very compassionate man, and a darn good writer!   There's so much of yourself to recognize and relate to in this book, I would recommend it highly to anyone  involved in creative pursuits.  There's courage and inspiration in the  pages - can't ask for more than that for twenty bucks!
B00003XB8K|5.0|With &quot;The Screen Behind the Mirror,&quot; Enigma has accomplished something incredibly rare.  Cretu, who first began this musical project over ten years ago, never imagined that the first groundbreaking CD,  &quot;MCMXC A.D.,&quot; would grow to encompass a complete, fully realized  cycle of albums.  With each new release, Cretu has managed to push the  envelope of his musical genius further and further.  &quot;The Screen  Behind the Mirror&quot; is no exception.  If you are an Enigma fan, buy it.   Listen to it.  It is, in every way, a worthy addition to Enigma.
1559408758|5.0|Twenty years after its release, This Is Spinal Tap is still in the running for the funniest film ever made.  This astonishingly clever mockumentary directed by Rob Reiner chronicles the \\"First Farewell Tour\\" of an aging British paleo-rock band.  Featuring brilliant ad-lib performances by Michael McKean, Christopher Guest and Harry Shearer and dozens of memorable minor characters, Spinal Tap launched an entire subgenre of sophisticated satire (think the \\"Simpsons\\" or \\"Best in Show\\"), but has never been surpassed.  The score offers such gems as \\"Big Bottom\\", \\"Sex Farm,\\" \\"Hellhole\\" and of course \\"Listen to the Flower People\\".  This band that never was--but somehow had to be--has continued to \\"fill a much-needed void\\" long after the real hair metal bands were forgotten.  Essential.
B0000024JN|4.0|This is this best white boy hip-hop/rap I've ever heard.  I'm surprised I actually like this album because I'm not at all a fan of rap.  This rap is different than most, its humorous, has its own pace, and is just plain  cool.  Out of all the Beastie Boys' albums this is there first and best  I've ever heard.  If you've heard and like the Beasties buy this one.
0684872153|1.0|but I didn't like Angela's Ashes. I thought it was insincere. If I were from Limerick, Ireland, I'd be offended. I find it hard to believe that almost everyone in Limerick is as cruel as Mr. McCourt portrays them. Mr.  McCourt's book is bitter and raw, but to what purpose? I have no desire to  read 'Tis, but I'm hoping that many chapters are devoted to Mr. McCourt's  therapy sessions.<br />I would recommend Rick Bragg's All Over but the  Shoutin'. Bragg deals with the same theme, growing up impoverished and  overcoming a difficult childhood, but he writes with a lot more  sensitivity. Of course, Rick Bragg had a wonderful mother. And, I bet that  makes all the difference.
6300184064|5.0|Brazil was an all around great film with fantastic visuals especially the scene in the Ministry of Information with the boss and his entourage. But where can I find the soundtrack?
B000002MY3|1.0|well just cause im sort of family dosnt mean i gotta like her music.  well sort of family more like step cousins.  but i'll still admit her music is not that very good.  the only good one is &quot;you outta know&quot; thats  not even that good.
B000007T1M|1.0|I didn't actually buy the cd. I also never listened to any other song other than Sugar from it. But if that song was one of the better songs on the album and they made it into a single then whole thing has to be just as  bad. When I first heard Sugar I fell out of my chair laughing at how bad it  was. You people who gave this album a 4 1/2 star average can't be serious  and if you are that's really pretty sad. Please don't encourage this  horrible band to make another album. I really couldn't stand that.
B000002KJM|4.0|Great, hook-laden early songs..some great mellow-sounding grooves, especially on &quot;Certified Blues&quot; and &quot;Squank&quot;, and &quot;Bedroom Thang&quot;..jam at the end of &quot;Backdoor Love  Affair&quot; hints of great things to come.  ZZ TOP's first three albums  are the best!
B00000JYGX|5.0|Depuis les premières semaines il y a déjà 2 ans où le titre &quot;Belle&quot; était diffusé sur les ondes jusqu'au triomphe littéralement incontrôlable qu'a suscité sa représentation au Palais des  Congrès, la comédie musicale (plus exactement, l'opéra-rock, c'est ainsi  que cela se nomme) Notre-Dame de Paris REHABILITE ENFIN la place méritée de  la France. Enfin, je veux dire, de la langue Française (la production étant  surtout québecoise!).<br />En effet, depuis Starmania de Michel Berger, aucune  production musicale n'avait pu susciter de réel engouement. Saluons donc le  talent de Cocciante qui a signé là une oeuvre riche en émotions. Cette  partition est magnifique de bout en bout, et les chanteurs forment un  ensemble tout à fait satisfaisant. Daniel Lavoie est idéal en Frollo, et  que dire de Garou, bien que physiquement il soit un peu trop grand pour le  rôle sur scène.<br />A noter !  : la version DVD de la scène au Palais des  Congrès est disponible en France depuis 2 mois déjà ! Courez-y !
B000002KJQ|4.0|This is the first ZZ Top album I ever bought, and it was down in Houston about '74.  I flat wore it out then, and appreciate it even more now..It just kind ot sums up a period down in Texas - well, a sort of regional  pride soundtrack..ZZ TOP's first three albums are the best!
630562285X|5.0|This is one of the best movies i have seen in a long time.  Sean Connery is great as always and if you don't think of him as Bond he does an excellent job in this movie.  Catherine Z.J. also plays a great part.  Together they make the movie great viewing.  Right from the start the movie  has you thinking and just when you think you have the plot sorted there  comes a twist and you find yourself re-thinking the whole thing.  This  makes it a great movie for the fact that you can't possibly pick the ending  which in itself is a fantastic twist that is sure to surprise many.  <br />One  of the greatest titles of &quot;99&quot; and one that all action/suspense  and indeed Connery fans should have in their collection.  Great viewing for  all.
0783226063|5.0|Not only does this film explore environmental motifs, but also Marxist views, i.e., the Duke's continual references to &quot;...the sleeper must awaken.&quot; In my opinion, the film does not do Frank Herbert's hard copy  novel justice, but it does suffice.
0440224764|4.0|Grisham's The Partner is a fast- paced page turner from page one. I don't understand what all the fuss is about the surprize ending. Is an ending only satisfying if it's acrording to OUR expectations?The powerful force of  greed reigns to the very last page.
B00000K19E|5.0|I thought the movie I saw on the screen reflected accurately the movie I saw in my head as I read the screenplay.  After seeing the movie start to finish at the theater and on video, I watched it scene by scene reading the  screenplay for each scene beforehand.  I was surprised at how close each  scene on the screen was to each scene in the screenplay.  It was also  interesting to see how the mood of each scene, for both place and  characters, was translated so accurately by the directors from the written  word to the image on the screen.  The dialogue on the screen was also very  close to the dialogue in the screenplay.<br />This movie seemed to have a  strong plot that took an unnerving premise and developed it through good  storytelling using bigger-than-life characters that the audience could  still relate to in some way. The action scenes, while dramatic and  forceful, did not seem to get in the way of the development of either the  plot or the characters.<br />The only thing I would liked to have seen is an  acknowledgement by the protagonist (Neo), or one of his comrades (in  reflective exposition by Morpheus perhaps), that Cypher had a valid point.   Cypher's point that life in the Matrix for him could be a better choice  than &quot;real&quot; life outside it.  The price of that choice is, in  effect, slavery but it is a price that after nine years of  &quot;reality&quot; with Morpheus he was anxious to pay.  Extending that  thinking, it's clear that many other humans would share his view and create  something of a problem for the resistance is &quot;freeing&quot; humans,  some of whom would not want to be freed from the Matrix.<br />This idea was  alluded to briefly by Morpheus when he told Neo that many people would have  difficulty being freed from the Matrix and some would never give it up.  I  just thought that some acknowledgement by these freedom fighters that  freedom was a relative thing for Cypher and, by extension much of humanity,  would be a point worth developing.  We often hold onto belief systems that  have little support in the real world simply because we find comfort in  them.<br />The fiction wraps around an idea that forces us to look at and  question not only our beliefs but our reasons for holding those beliefs.   This is uncomfortable for many of us.  Especially if the belief system  questioned is a spiritual one.  It is an idea that should be thought about,  not dismissed for minor plot points.<br />The plot point about batteries, I  think that was merely an anology used within the context of the plot to  explain the role humans had come to play in the new order - they were  serving machines, rather than the reverse - and were doing so through the  bio-technology, if you will, of their bodies that is more efficient than  any mechanical device made by man or machine at that time in the context of  the story.  I believe that the exposition explaining this came from  Morpheus to Neo early in Neo's awakening as a voiceover to the &quot;human  harvesters&quot; scene doing their gathering of human infants from the  fields.<br />It was a well-written, well-directed, and stunning movie at both  the visual and auditory levels with a compelling idea - that our reality is  what our brains tell us it is - and that reality, and our beliefs that are  built on it, can be shaped for us by someone else for their own ends.  <br />Whomever greenlighted this, I'm glad they did.
0790730960|5.0|I own all four Batman DVDs and this one is my favorite. If the story of Catwoman was not pulled from the files of some real-life psychiatrist I'll eat her shiny, black stilettos! This may be my favorite of all movies,  along with the first installment, neither of which ever degrade into campy  humor (if you think there's laughs look again!). Grim, dark, cold, ruthless  . . . Manhattan without the cocktails! This is what moviemaking is all  about! I love this movie! I don't particularly care for the &quot;family  fun&quot; atmosphere of the two that followed it though. Get rid of the  kiddies with the growing pains and get back to the adults with the damaged  brains, filmfolks!  To all involved with the making of the first two Batman  flix, Thank You Verrrrry Much!
6305127689|5.0|Top Gun was an extremely hilarious, action-packed, drama filled movie. I have it on DVD with Predator. The sound quality is excellent, you can hear the jets all around you. I enjoyed this movie very much. The cast was very  good, the storyline was superior.If you have not seen this classic movie (  and tonnes of people have ) go and get it. People who enjoy a good laugh  and like action, not to mention the great aircraft, will love this movie.  This is a superior DVD. Most people will enjoy. Thanks!
B00000I5Y6|5.0|To get the Best of Kansas, buy all the albums.  They are always brilliant, always fascinating.  But this album (and the earlier release of this CD) was the ONLY place in the universe you could get the last song John  Elefante wrote and sang during his stint with Kansas.  PERFECT LOVER is a  great cut, and now you can't get it *anywhere*.  Sure there are two extra  cuts on this release of the CD, but you can get those elsewhere.  What were  they thinking to remove the only exclusive track?
0767811038|1.0|this movie would've had about three more stars if the girl hadn't have gotten killed! I mean, it's bad enough that there's enough violence in this movie to make Braveheart look like 'Barney', but why did the guy have to  end up being lonely. And another thing, the girl died a HORRIBLE death!  She had things sticking all in her and there was blood coming out of her  mouth. And she was ugly and pale in her casket. The rest of the movie was  stupid and unrealistic, so she could've gone down beautiful. She was a very  beautiful girl. I know that it's just a movie and I shouldn't be getting  all worked up about this, but it's the principle of thing, guys! Come on!
6303430570|5.0|Very funny individual skits from start to end somehow weave to tell a story about a day in the lives of 2 clerks. Watch out for the 'independent contractors' discussion. Much better than its sequels.
6303306519|2.0|I expected this to be a really good film but I found it rather dull and a bit stupid. The only thing that I liked was the gloopy scene at the end. If only the whole film had been as good as it's climax.
B000002H33|5.0|Why do I say &quot;The Best of..&quot;?  Simply because this IS the Metallica album of all Metallica albums.  Right from the beginning to the end, the songs are fast, hard-hitting, and true to the core.  I am a  Death/Black/Doom/Grindcore fan, but this album is one of my favorites in my  collection.<br />The album starts out perfectly (Battery), with the acoustic  guitars and then, POWER, lots of power.  The album gets darker and darker  with songs like &quot;Welcome Home (Sanitarium)&quot; (probably based from  One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest), and &quot;The Thing That Should Not  Be&quot;.  Then back to the real world like &quot;Leper Messiah&quot;  (maybe about money and greed), &quot;Disposable Heroes&quot; (about a  soldier, like myself), and &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; (maybe about  coccaine).  And then there are some that just make you want to destroy,  like &quot;Damage Inc.&quot; and &quot;Battery&quot; (two of the fast  hard-hitting songs that is on each ends of the CD).  But, there is a song  that is calm and soothing, even my mother likes it, it's called  &quot;Orion&quot;, an instrumental.<br />This album is not that short, either,  it is over an hour long, so you will have an outstanding listening  experience.  The Metallica songs you hear on the radio, except for  &quot;One&quot;, are nothing compared to this album.  Young kids who are  just starting to listen to Metallica, you will be shocked.  This is what  Metallica used to do, and they still do in their concerts, being really  fast and powerful.  If you guys haven't heard this ablum in your life and  just started listening to metal, this should be the ultimate metal album  for beginners, this is &quot;Metal 101&quot;.
B00000099Y|5.0|Yes. Theres not much more to say. This is simply cool. From Stinkfist to H. to forty six and two and aenema, this is what music is really about.
0060245867|5.0|My 5 yr. old son and I have enjoyed this book over and over . . . and over! It's a great way to introduce sequencing to a kindergartner while having them take the wheel!  It's a good dose of imagination and humor right before bed!
B000009ED0|5.0|Ever since &quot;Early Mornin' Stoned Pimp&quot; was released, I liked Kid Rock.  If I had known he was around back in '90 and '93, I woulda bought CDs of him by the truckload.  He finds ways to keep the audience interested  in the song, and the band couldnt get any better when the infamous Joe C.   &quot;3'9 with a ten foot d-ck&quot;, Joe can bust a rhyme faster then a  jackrabbit on a date.  The song: Only God Knows Why, &quot;Comes from the  heart&quot; Kid Rock states, as this song is a little more serious and slow  paced then the aggressive Devil Without A Cause.  Combining rock with rap,  Kid Rock is yet to tinker with the sound of his band.  Although his word  content is how he expresses himself, keep children 12 and under away from  this CD, unless you want them to run around the house singing profanities.   13 should be the age around where they wouldnt do such things and they  would have evolved out of a habit.  12- kids should get the edited version  (which whipes out all profane words with a 'buzz' or 'honk' that overlaps  the word), and 13+ could probably most likely get the unedited version,  which is far better in terms of clean-ness.
B00002E233|5.0|Definetly a keeper. this movie was great it kept me on the edge of my seat. it puts jaws to shame it makes jaws look like a blow up pool toy!  I definetly recommend this movie to all you love action and very angry  sharks!
B00000FCBC|3.0|you have no idea how nerve racking and teeth grinding it is to hear some metallica fan sing Last Caress or Die Die My Darling thinking they are fans of The Misfits only to find out they never heard of the band.<br />I'm glad  they finally re-released Garage Days Re-visited, its about time. The first  CD isn't all that good, but some songs stick out, the Sabbath cover is mind  blowing, thats some good jamming right there. The Lynard Skynard cover is  very good, James Hetfields voice isn't all that right and the guitar  playing wasen't very planned out before recording but the bands having a  good time playing. <br />The legendary Motorhead recordings are on this one,  it was on Lemmy's(thats the lead singer for motorhead you stupid  new-metallica fans) 50th birthday, Metallica got all drunk and dressed like  him and butchered 4 Motorhead songs. Very funny stuff, i really like James  impersonation of Lemmy, that was hilarious.<br />When the band plays punk,  uggh they outta just stop. Metallica sucks(like load and reload) when it  comes to punk. They take such loud and powerful headache inducing songs and  take them down to a dull pace. Their version of Die Die My Darling sounds  like a sick horse that needs to be put out of its misery. They even ruin  Anti-Nowhere League's &quot;So What&quot;, thats very hard to do too!  <br />This is a good CD collection and it will hopefully open you ears and  eyes to newer and better bands. If not you can always act like metallica  wrote these songs.<br />oh yeah and The Misfits will always rule over  metallica.
B00000I78Y|5.0|Without the two bonus tracks this cd was great by itself. with them its the best cd ive ever heard. marmalde is the best system song ever.  it is a must have for system fans
0767819543|5.0|A 1999 Oscar nominated film, Central Station tells one of those simple but deep, chaotic but harmonic, witty yet poignant tales taking place in Brazil.  Against the backdrop of the gorgeously shot Brazilian country  side, a misanthropic retired teacher (now a letter writer at central  station) sets on a journey looking for the lost sparkle of life by the side  of a energenic boy eager to find his father. <br />Superbly portrayed by  renowned actress Fernanda Montenegro, Dora the letter writer finds herself  entangled in a boy's life in the midst of Central do Brasil's chaos after  his mother was killed in a car accident.  At first uncertain how to prevent  Josue's presence from disrupting her old order of living, Dora is later  troubled by some haste decisions she made as her maternal instincts emerge  to help her find her way.  In Portuguese, Father and Country are similiar  words, then not so ironically, the audience is enthralled to Dora and  Josue's tireless search in the Brazilian plains stretching endlessly into a  future of uncertainty for both seekers.  <br />A movie of no answers, Central  Station only kindles certain hidden vibe inside everyone of us, a hidden  chord ready to echo at the first calling of human touch.  Just like what  the tagline says: He (Josue) was looking for the father he never knew.  She(Dora)was looking for a second chance. A tale of renewal of faith as  well as a resurrection for the long-dead soul, this will surely tickle some  forgotten spot in your memory with Brazilian warmth, laughter, and tears.
B000002H6C|2.0|This is a great CD.  Not Metallica's best, but definately up there.  The problem I have is the lack of Jason's bass.  Why didn't they mix this CD better?  I would rather wait for the REMASTERED edition which will  hopefully come out soon.
0684874350|5.0|If we all could look at a cold and unforgiving world thru the eyes of young Frank McCourt and see a silver lining on the most grim events of our own times wouldn't the world become a better place for us all? Not only was  I awstruck by the poverty laid out before me but at the same time warmed by  the way a child can cultivate his interpretations of dire circumstances  with the innocence of youth and a never-ending thirst for tomorrow. I raise  a glass to the author for reminding me of the blessings of youth and for  reminding me how lucky I am. If this book touches another as I have been  than you are truly a product of the childhood you so couragously shared  with us!
0345423496|1.0|This would have to be one of the worst books I have ever read.  It lacks imagination, which is the backbone of all good science fiction books.  The book starts slow and is predictable all the way through.  The only exception to this is to believe that dinosaurs are recreated, via cloning, to be domesticated servants.  <br />This book lacked intrigue, suspense and  the dramatic finish that the initial concept of 2001 offered.  The  characters lack substance and the dialogue between characters was at the  level of young children.<br />Here is a typical passage: Do I detect a hint of  sarcasm?  Thanks to our computers, we can run political experiments in  cyberspace before trying them out in practice.  Lenin was unlucky: he was  born a hundred years too soon.  Russian communism might have worked - at  least for a while- if it had microchips.<br />Revetting stuff isn't it?<br />This  would have to be the low point in the series and I doubt whether there is a  lower point for it to go.
B00000JY1X|5.0|I read a rave review of 69LS that made me curious enough to download some of the samples from Amazon.  I didn't much care for them -- too tinny.  Then I read another review just before going to a record store, and for some reason impulsively bought Vol. 2.  I didn't like the first two tracks, which are throwaway oddities with lo-fi overdubbing, but then gradually the thing won  me over.  The lyrics are rarely less than clever and frequently inspired,  the tunes are often almost irritatingly catchy, the arrangements are spare  and interesting (the lo-fi sounds good on a stereo for some reason), and  Stephin Merritt is a fine interpreter of his own songs.  In a bit of fiscal  insanity, I ended up buying the whole set and giving Vol. 2 to a  friend.<br />Most show-tune, Tin Pan Alley-type composers have been stumped by  folk, rock, electronica, and country.  You get stuff like the musical  &quot;Rent&quot; -- bad as Broadway, bad as rock 'n roll.  Merritt seems to  have found a way, at least in this collection, of fusing the ironic  literateness of the best Broadway music with the directness of rock and  country. The result is... well, I've played it so much that it's driving my  wife crazy.  &quot;I really like it too,&quot; she says, &quot;but can't we  listen to something else?&quot;
B00002MZ4W|4.0|Those of you who loved 'Tidal' must get 'When the Pawn!' The new album is much more versatile and varied than Fiona Apple's debut album. Many more potential hits than 'Tidal.' What stands out to me in Fiona Apple's work is  her poetry. To me, it greatly rivals Jewel's work in that Apple's poetry is  more simplistic with just as great an emotional impact. And second, Apple's  poetry is so intwined with her style of music. This is a fantastic piece of  musical art!
B00000K2SC|1.0|Please save your money, don't buy this movie. The story line has great potential, but the movie falls short of expections. If you have seen the previews of this movie, you have already seen the over rated graphics. The  most impressive effects are done better in the Gap ads. The dialog tries to  be futuristic and intellectual, it's so bad it comical The makers of this  flick should hang their heads in shame.
B000031XCR|1.0|Listen up.  First of all, I like Celine Dion's music, but I'm a hard-core Mariah fan.  Listen, people who review Mariah's albums don't start comparing her to Celine Dion, that's because they have respect for both  singers!   Why are you people so ignorant and always have to compare her  to Mariah Carey.  It's always Mariah Carey this, Mariah Carey that..I'm  SICK OF IT!   Celine has a powerful voice and her song &quot;that's the  way it is&quot; is a great song, but stop hating on Mariah Carey, u people  need to hear better music overall....Celine's music is nothing compared to  Mariah's music!
B000002L61|5.0|need i say more to give a legend just five stars man thats not good .i say give dio more then five stars this album kicks its that good.mystical and magical dio is great atmospher to his work .he is truly not only a music  artist but a artist in general ....gives you feelings of medieval times and  dragons ,princesses,kings castles nice feelings come from listening to  dio.need i say more.this dude still has it ..the last in line is by far one  of the best metal albums ever and needs to be recognized and not forgottne  as so many of these real metal bands have thats why we need the underground  bands to push them mainstreamer back where they came from so this stuff can  make a come back rather then be forgotten.thanks cya
0380973464|5.0|This book was indeed a slow read, but in a good way.  It was a book that could be savored rather than devoured.  I found the mathematical and technical discussions both entertaining and interesting, it is one of the reasons one reads Stephenson, definitely not a negative.  Pure pleasure!
B0000060NF|5.0|This is by far the most mature, awe inspireing albumn by any artist in any genre. The complexity in song structure and lyrics trancends soul music in to something new and beautifull. If you do not own this albumn you are  missing out on something quite incredible.
0618001905|5.0|This is an excellent book to describe the evils of colonialism.<br />It commences by describing the greed of King Leopold in subjugating the Congo. The native people suffered under the most unimaginable cruelties in order  to satisfy the demand for the products--ivory and rubber--that the  colonizers demanded.  About 50% of the population were destroyed by these  policies.<br />A few heroes exposed the atrocities to the world and gained a  strong following. With the vast amounts of money available however, many  prominent people were co-opted to support the King in a vast PR campaign.  What is most shocking is that after the Belgian government was able to  displace the King and take over the colony, the same cruel policies  continued.   Cruel policies that exist in all the colonial  territories--British, French, German, Portugese,  etc.<br />Unfortuately--although the colonies have obtained their freedom--the  same policies probably still exist because the third world lives in quasi  colonialism under the new world order of &quot;free trade&quot; of WTO,  NAFTA, etc.
B0000041LA|5.0|This version is really spectacular. Obviously the best known concertos are No 1 and 3. All of them suggest an aura of strangeness and beauty just at the beginning of a century (1900) which is perceived plenty of  contradictions and hope though (no matter if after all, finally resulted in  one of the more violent centuries out of the human history). Keep in mind  that these concerts where ambiented during the pre (or in fact)  revolutionary times of former Soviet Union. Vladimir Ashkenazy performs  intense, fresh and decisive staccatos, attaccos and ostinatos with dynamic  development of the themes not allowing any mannerism or the boring  relentless of other excessive romantic versions of these concerts. The  repetition of themes is performed so excellently that you can catch their  own personalities and singularities. The development of the themes flows  easily and smoothly. Conduction by Andre Previn is simply superb. A perfect  mutual synchronism can be appreciated between conductor and soloist even  though is not possible to see the moment when these concerts where  recorded. The percussion is brilliant and pretty well marked. It is very  interesting to appreciate how, in the 3rd  concert (First movement), the  conversation between piano and orchestra is excellently fashioned. As an  example of this, the orchestra convincing the piano to come in initiates  the main theme, then it decides to do it with the opportune attacco, and  finally later on, the crescendo of the main theme is leaded, now, by the  piano instead of by the orchestra. This suggests that the piano is finally  convinced of the theme and likes it, reinforcing it with more intensity  until reaching the finale. Really it is amazing how this perfect  coordination and attainment of this sensation can be carried out. I like  usually to listen these concerts together with their counterparts: Violin  Concertos No. 1 and 2; it is really a unique experience. The rest of the  concertos are excellent too with the same mentioned comments, the  difference is that the ones more performed in Concert Halls are the first  and the third.
6300263673|3.0|I can still remember the first time I saw Dirty Dancing. It was just after I watched my favorite movie &quot;Planet of the Apes&quot; for the 27th time. It wasn't nearly as good, but the part where Baby dances with Martin  and Johnny gets mad is funny. I also enjoyed the scene where Lisa is  kissing Brian and her boyfriend Chris walks in. Whew! What a predicament.  You should buy this movie. It's pretty good.
B0000041LA|5.0|This version is really spectacular. Obviously the best known concertos are No 1 and 3. All of them suggest an aura of strangeness and beauty just at the beginning of a century (1900) which is perceived plenty of  contradictions and hope though (no matter if after all, finally resulted in  one of the more violent centuries out of the human history). Keep in mind  that these concerts where ambiented during the pre (or in fact)  revolutionary times of former Soviet Union. Vladimir Ashkenazy performs  intense, fresh and decisive staccatos, attaccos and ostinatos with dynamic  development of the themes not allowing any mannerism or the boring  relentless of other excessive romantic versions of these concerts. The  repetition of themes is performed so excellently that you can catch their  own personalities and singularities. The development of the themes flows  easily and smoothly. Conduction by Andre Previn is simply superb. A perfect  mutual synchronism can be appreciated between conductor and soloist even  though is not possible to see the moment when these concerts where  recorded. The percussion is brilliant and pretty well marked. It is very  interesting to appreciate how, in the 3rd  concert (First movement), the  conversation between piano and orchestra is excellently fashioned. As an  example of this, the orchestra convincing the piano to come in initiates  the main theme, then it decides to do it with the opportune attacco, and  finally later on, the crescendo of the main theme is leaded, now, by the  piano instead of by the orchestra. This suggests that the piano is finally  convinced of the theme and likes it, reinforcing it with more intensity  until reaching the finale. Really it is amazing how this perfect  coordination and attainment of this sensation can be carried out. I like  usually to listen these concerts together with their counterparts: Violin  Concertos No. 1 and 2; it is really a unique experience. The rest of the  concertos are excellent too with the same mentioned comments, the  difference is that the ones more performed in Concert Halls are the first  and the third.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|I'm not a really big fan of Rage Aganist the Machine I have Evil Empire and I thought it was a very good CD.  One of my best frieds is really into rage so I got to isten to there new CD a lot and I liked it enough to buy  it.  I think it is very good and anybody who likes Rage will enjoy it and  people that don't like it won't. That is all there is to it.(Pink Floyd  still cant be beat)
B0000041LA|5.0|This version is really spectacular. Obviously the best known concertos are No 1 and 3. All of them suggest an aura of strangeness and beauty just at the beginning of a century (1900) which is perceived plenty of  contradictions and hope though (no matter if after all, finally resulted in  one of the more violent centuries out of the human history). Keep in mind  that these concerts where ambiented during the pre (or in fact)  revolutionary times of former Soviet Union. Vladimir Ashkenazy performs  intense, fresh and decisive staccatos, attaccos and ostinatos with dynamic  development of the themes not allowing any mannerism or the boring  relentless of other excessive romantic versions of these concerts. The  repetition of themes is performed so excellently that you can caption each  one with their own personalities and singularities. The development of the  themes flows easily and smoothly. Conduction by Andre Previn is simply  superb. A perfect mutual synchronism can be appreciated between conductor  and soloist even though is not possible to see the moment when these  concerts where recorded. The percussion is brilliant and pretty well  marked. It is very interesting to appreciate how, in the 3rd  concert  (First movement), the conversation between piano and orchestra is  excellently fashioned. As an example of this, the orchestra convincing the  piano to come in initiates the main theme, then it decides to do it with  the opportune attacco, and finally later on, the crescendo of the main  theme is leaded, now, by the piano instead of by the orchestra. This  suggests that the piano is finally convinced of the theme and likes it,  reinforcing it with more intensity until reaching the finale. Really it is  amazing how this perfect coordination and attainment of this sensation can  be carried out. I like usually to listen these concerts together with their  counterparts: Violin Concertos No. 1 and 2; it is really a unique  experience. The rest of the concertos are excellent too with the same  comments of the mentioned, the difference is that the ones more performed  in Concert Halls are the first and the third.
B000002U82|5.0|If I was stuck in a tropical island and could olnly have one CD it would be Dark Side of the Moon.  This album is pure thought and emotion.  The first time I heard this I was hooked and because of this album I became one  of the biggest Pink Floyd fans on Earth.  The yeven helped me pass High  School with an English report.  Sometimes hearing this album brings a tear  to my eye and there have been seveal times I have gotten into fights  defending this record.  Truely perfection.
B0000041LA|5.0|This version is really spectacular. Obviously the best known concertos are No 1 and 3. All of them suggest an aura of strangeness and beauty just at the beginning of a century (1900) which is perceived plenty of  contradictions and hope though (no matter if after all, finally resulted in  one of the more violent centuries out of the human history). Keep in mind  that these concerts where ambiented during the pre (or in fact)  revolutionary times of former Soviet Union. Vladimir Ashkenazy performs  intense, fresh and decisive staccatos, attaccos and ostinatos with dynamic  development of the themes not allowing any mannerism or the boring  relentless of other excessive romantic versions of these concerts. The  repetition of themes is performed so excellently that you can caption each  one with their own personalities and singularities. The development of the  themes flows easily and smoothly. Conduction by Andre Previn is simply  superb. A perfect mutual synchronism can be appreciated between conductor  and soloist even though is not possible to see the moment when these  concerts where recorded. The percussion is brilliant and pretty well  marked. It is very interesting to appreciate how, in the 3rd  concert  (First movement), the conversation between piano and orchestra is  excellently fashioned. As an example of this, the orchestra convincing the  piano to come in initiates the main theme, then it decides to do it with  the opportune attacco, and finally later on, the crescendo of the main  theme is leaded, now, by the piano instead of by the orchestra. This  suggests that the piano is finally convinced of the theme and likes it,  reinforcing it with more intensity until reaching the finale. Really it is  amazing how this perfect coordination and attainment of this sensation can  be carried out. I like usually to listen these concerts together with their  counterparts: Violin Concertos No. 1 and 2; it is really a unique  experience. The rest of the concertos are excellent too with the same  comments of the mentioned, the difference is that the ones more performed  in Concert Halls are the first and the third.
B00002MZ12|5.0|It's a wonderful album, all the known songs are very well performed and the new ones are really amazing. The best song : Uninvited, excellent, wonderful. Alanis is the best, the rest is rubbish
1559408758|5.0|The official explanation was that he choked ON vomit...  It was actually someone else's vomit... They don't know who's vomit it was, they don't have the facilities in Scotland Yard...  You can't really dust for  vomit.<br />BRING THIS DVD BACK.  I NEED IT!   My 6-year-old VHS copy is  wearing out after the 100+ times I have watched it!
B000001EHS|4.0|There is no question that this album is awesome because it has almost all the best Def Leppard songs off all time wich are all classics. But there's two problems with that greatest gits C.D. 1: they could had easily put on  17-18 songs instead of only 15 . 2) Hysteria is maybe over-represented and  Rocket shouldn't be there and also the track Two steps behind is really  weak and maybe one of their most average song they ever made. Anotehr thing  where are the songs from On trough the night?  they call it 80-95 and  there's no songs from 1980's album. Wasted and Rock Brigade should  certainly be on that cd. The greatest hits Cd as to show all the work from  the band not only a part of it. Also songs like Lady Strange and Let It Go  should be there. The adrenalize CD is in fact under-represented and a song  like White Lightning should be on that. In all a very interesting album  with all their more powerful successful hits ( Sugar-Photograph-Love Bites)  surely a must buy but we miss Too Late For Love...
078311513X|5.0|Rutger Hauer plays the key role of the pursuing psychopath in this mid 80s thriller. By far his best performance. His character is cool to the point of maddening. If a movie star can be a one hit wonder, then this was Mr.  Hauers. Also, nice supporting performance by Jennifer Jason Leigh as a  truck stop waitress who unwisely decides to help C. Thomas Howell, who has  been falsely accused of hauers killing spree. If you like psychotic  thrillers, you wont do wrong here.
B000001DVD|5.0|Simply an incredible album, (it was only their second!) that shows how great the guys from that band were when they really put their heart into the music and when it shwos clearly that they had fun doing music and when  they were abble to give you through their music the excitement they had  during that time to you when you listen to the record. It's raw great  guitar from  Pete Willis  and Steve Clark and cool lyrics. It's as good as  Pyromania and in my mind maybe even better. Forget about the Def Leppard of  the 90's and all that, This album shows you the talent of Steve Clark and  the effect he had on the otehr members of the band. You have to tell the  things like they are , When the guy died the music of Def Leppard very much  died with him. There is not one average song on that album, all great songs  with the highlights being Switch625, Saturday Night, Let It Go and  especially the stunning Lady Strange. If you want to hear music at its best  and that band at its best buy this album along with the other 2 being On  Through the Night(80) and pryomania(83) and you will have probably their 3  best songs : Photograph Lady Strange and Wasted. Too bad that version don't  have Me And My wine. Buy it and hear Def Leppard at their prime!
0451196716|5.0|This was my first Stephen King Novel and i have to say he definetly did not leave me disappointed.  I would not recommend this book to readers you like closure to their readings.  According to some readers, this book lacks  the ending which i disagree with.  If one just thinks about it, the ending  makes perfect sense.  There could not be any other ending.  Overall the  book was great, i couldnt put it down.  I can honestly say that this was  the first ever novel that i finished in two days.  It's a must read.   Everything the characters went through, I felt also.  I felt like i was  part of the long walk.  It was only the matter of how long i could last.   And I still question myself about it.  After reading this, it will leave a  reader satisfied.
B0000025R3|5.0|What can one say about men at work.  For any aussie who has travelled and lived in a foreign country &quot;down under&quot; is our national anthem.    The album is pure AUSSIE class and just simply one of those absolute  CLASSIC groups and albums of the 80's.   I am a HUGE 80's fan and this  particular album you simply just CAN NOT MISS!.
B00001ZT0K|1.0|At this point, the group should've dropped the Uriah Heep name, and started calling themselves The Mick Box Band (or something similar). The best songs on this album are the four cover tunes--\\"On the Rebound\\" (Russ  Ballard), \\"Hot Night in a Cold Town\\" (R.A.F.), \\"That's the Way That it Is\\"  (The Bliss Band), and \\"Tin Soldier\\" (Small Faces)--and all of them are  better by the original artists. The cover art is gruesome and the album's  even worse. Skip this one unless you don't have anything better to spend  your money on.
0140067477|5.0|This is the greatest book I have ever read! I now understand my purpouse in life! I am much more peaceful now! I love living! Thank you winnie-the-pooh. I recommend this book to everyone!
B000007P79|5.0|Although for the modern viewer the abstract stage sets and frenetic overacting will take some getting used to, this film is well worth the trouble.  <br />Grandparent of all of the modern horror films (from the 1930's  Dracula and Frankenstien films up to modern works such as Halloween and  Spawn), this is the classic story of the Dark Outsider; here personified by  the Somnambulist Cesare and his evil master Caligari.  There is of course  the primal rape scene of the nightgown-clad woman menaced by the stealthy  killer, as well as the more baroque elements of Original Sin and Gypsy  Curses.  The ending will be a surprise to most who are not familiar with  the film, and begs a second viewing.  <br />Much of the dreamlike,  halucinatory photography is effective, as is the peformance by the actor  playing Cesare (uncredited in my copy). <br />If you can suspend your  disbelief (and your urge to laugh at the campier moments) you will be  rewarded with some truly distubing images which you will not soon  forget.....
B000003TAR|4.0|This is a great Nirvana Album. It has A few Greats, (such as Heart Shape Box)very hard core for this band, but fails to repeat the sucess of Nevermind. Although it is very good it is not the best. A lot of the songs  on the album are noisy and badly produced, but A punk rock fan will  treasure this album for life. A great album.
B0000025F7|5.0|This cd kicked off Michael's great run of top ten hits.  And, this cd was done before Michael had all of the surgerys and tried to become something he's not.
B000005HLV|5.0|Any one in to black metal! Well love this cd uttila and euronymous are killer!
B0000025F7|5.0|This cd kicked off Michael's great run of top ten hits.  And, this cd was done before Michael had all of the surgerys and tried to become something he's not.
0679735909|1.0|A.S. Byatt is obviously a gifted writer and intellectual.  I enjoyed her ability to convincingly write in the &quot;voice&quot; and varied style of her different authors.  My problem is that I could care less about any of  her characters and the development was painful and slow.  I am sorry to say  that this book is clearly for those literary intellectuals.  Not for  everyone.  My blessing to those who love it.
0440213525|5.0|This book is one of the finest books that I have ever read. You learn a lot about the way law and court works. The book itself is full of suspense and is thrilling. This book is recommended to everyone.
B000002JSV|5.0|i am 36 years old and seen acdc 5 times with bon scott. and i love all of the bon scott albums but this is the best. the songs the guitar licks every thing. sin city has to be the all time acdc song, just for the rawness of  it. dont get me wrong all the bon scott stuff is true rock, but theres  something about this one that gets me.acdc died with bon scott, poor brian  what shoes to have to fill. when you see bon and angus together theres no  better . long live bon in our memories.
6305603847|5.0|Some people have mentioned the 'secret buttons'. This kind of reminds me of when the album first came out. If you played the track 'Empty Spaces' backwards on a turntable you would hear the following:  'Congratulations;  you have discovered the secret message. Please send your answers to Old  Pink, care of the Funny Farm, Chalfont'.  This was thought to be a  reference to Syd Barret but was more likely to have no meaning at all -  just one of Roger's little jokes. Looks like he might be up to his old  tricks.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I love the cd. At first, I too, brought the cd just for the song &quot;I knew I love you&quot; but after listening to the rest, I fell in love with the songs. I play it over, over, and over agian when I'm bored. It's easy  listening and it gets you hyped. The first cd, I brought just for the song  &quot;truly Madly Deeply.&quot; That was an awsome cd as well. I love the  song &quot;universe.&quot; Overall, I'm a huge fan I savage garden.  Hopefully, they will stay great and have another cd out soon.
B00000JNNY|5.0|I discovered this album totally by accident and while listening for the first time I was totally taken in by this captivating singer. Of course, I've heard &quot;At Last&quot; in a few ads and movies and always liked the  song, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that it's only one great song  by this singer. I've listened to this non stop since I got it two days ago  and I bought a second copy to go in my car. I highly recommend this!
067158037X|5.0|There is absolutely nothing like hearing a wonderful story straight from the horse's mouth.  I had heard from several people they felt this was a depressing book, but hearing it exactly as Frank McCourt intended, made it  a very different experience.  He made me laugh out loud, he brought tears  to my eyes, he made me fall in love with this book!
B00000DCHI|4.0|I had previously purchased this set twice in cassette form. Unfortunately, they have omitted Billy's version of &quot;Shameless&quot;. Needless to say, I bought the Box Set. Garth Brooks does a wonderful job on  &quot;Shameless&quot; but it's Billy's!
B00000K19E|4.0|O.K. I never saw this film at the theater.  So when I got it for Christmas I wasn't too sure about It.  No I don't live in the booneys or anything.  I just never got around to seeing it, and usually I at least rent a film  before I buy it.  So I watched it on my DVD player with Dolby Digital, and  I was blown away!   This is the defenition of DVD, what it is made for.   Even the standard version has plenty of extras.  I havd a DVD-ROM and  there is included features for that.  So on the DVD side it is defenately  worth it, especially for reference (and to show off your system).  However,  the movie itself has some weakness, especially with any person being turned  into an agent.  This is not explained too well.  Also Keanu Reeves cannot  die and come back to life, the love scene is unreal! He died in the  &quot;real&quot; world, not a computer simulation.  This is just one of the  small things, other than that this is awesome.  By the way, if you have  this DVD don't bother buying the soundtrack, it is already on the disk!    However, you need a DVD player for it (duh).  I hope other movies can  follow this technology!
B00000AA6C|5.0|The movie is an absolute must for everyone young and old.It is one of the first to deal with, and overcome racial bias! When will it ever come out on DVD?
B000002KIE|5.0|Reading reviews of Never Mind the Bollocks is pointless. This is one of those album that you HAVE to own. One of the best punk albums ever. Every song is good, and while Sid's bass playing isn't as good as Matlock's, the  songs he does are still pretty good (Bodies is a classic).<br />Never Mind the  Bollocks is one of the most influential records ever, and it's one that you  simply have to own, whether you like it or not. But you will like it.
6302415993|5.0|Just want to say, I saw this show when it first came to our town Anchorage,Ak in 1970 with Woodstock '69. Totally blew all of us away with its almost live sound of the time in a theater setting. farout
0380973464|5.0|the book is huge, but that corrects for the flaws of DIAMOND AGE.  there, i think he cut out too much and the plot appears to drift.  here, the guy is brilliant, offering fantastic observations about little things that  still just make you think.  that's what is great about his prose: he make  the reader think through many of the mundanities that seem to bore us too  often.  his writing points out that if you think creatively about life, you  don't have time to be bored.  <br />the book is big, but he's always teaching  us cool things about the world.  i've read Robert Harris' excellent ENIGMA,  a world war II thriller about the guys at bletchley park.  but stephenson  masters the topic of cryptography.  (is he weird--or francaphone--enough,  as a post-modernist author that the text itself is an encrypted attempt the  neuro-linguistically hack the reader's consciousness....okay, i've read  SNOW CRASH one too many times.)<br />finally, love him or hate him for his  verbal gymnastics, any discussion of contemporary science fiction must  quickly cover his work. <br />completely fascinating.
0684867621|5.0|This is one of htose books that is so intense that you want to keep on reading because you need to know that there is a happy end around the corner. I loved the book, my girlfriend loved it, my brother loved it and now my mum's got it and she loves it. Stephen King knows how to make normal  life scarry as your worst nightmare.
6301969251|5.0|I rated &quot;The Greatest Story Ever Told&quot; five stars, because it was the first movie of Jesus'life, I had ever seen.This was a film that showed me what Christ was all about. I wish that I was George Stevens right  now and that it was 1965. I loved the acting but I would have fixed some  things.Iwould have done it more along the lines of Jesus of Nazareth, and  the gospel of Matthew. I think The director should have used the ultimate  Script the Bible as his guide and make the film a word for word harmony of  the Gospels. The scene where Judas Kills himself should have been as the  Bible had written it where Judas Hanged himself and not throw him self into  the alter I love Max von Sydow's version of Jesus, But I Would have told  him to give Jesus More Joy! To Smile To laugh  To literally say to people  &quot;Hi My name is Jesus...And I Love you like you can't imagine! &quot;  to wrestle with his Disciples, and be totally&quot;Cool&quot; When jesus  heals a leper,and the leper is healed,he Knocks Jesus to the ground in hugs  and thankfulness,and Jesus is loving every minute of it! I would have not  had all those Co-Stars in the film just three or four are enough. Telly  Savalas made a Great Pilate,But Laurence Olivier Would have been a better  Choice.Charlton Heston Is just too awesome!I Love his portrayal of John the  Baptist! But when the Sanhedrin order John to stop He should have  said&quot;You Brood of Vipers! Who told You to flee the coming wrath  Produce fruit in Keeping with Repentance,&quot;and that God could make  children for Abraham out of mere stones. &quot; Leave unknown actors for  the other characters, just leave Von Sydow,Heston,and Savalas(Or  Olivier)And use the Bible and only the Bible as the script, It would and  will be The Greatest Movie ever Made!
B000002URV|5.0|This album's got nothing to do with House, yet I found it on the Dance&amp;DJ page of Amazon. Maybe because all great albums I bought from Amazon are on these pages. MCMXC A.D is probably one of my best 'relax-CDs'  and it made me buy Enigma's other CDs as well.
055321263X|5.0|Collins, a contemporary and great friend of Charles Dickens, unfairly has never been given the attention Dickens received, though in recent years, his star has thankfully risen, due in large part to his detective novel,  THE MOONSTONE and this book, his finest. It is also one of literature's  finest.  Extremely suspenseful, the plot is simply brilliant. And the novel  contains two of literature's greatest characters: Count Fosco, a villian  perhaps matched, but not surpassed, and Marion, one of the strongest female  characters to be encountered in fiction.  This is a must - and great fun,  as well.
B0000025KI|5.0|I can't help it.  Whenever I put on the first disc of this album a smile comes across my face.  The atmosphere that the first couple of songs gives off is one of pure enjoyment.  I can see Bruce, Steve, Clarence, and the  rest of the gang kicking back, playing music, and having a great time at a  house party somewhere on the Jersey shore.  <br />If you like fun rock and  roll get this album just for the first disc.  If you like somber,  reflective songs, the first disc alone has Independence Day and The River.   The second disc is also a great addition to the Springsteen cannon.
B000000W5B|4.0|Growing up in the 70's I was never really a big Stones fan until I educated myself on rock history and the origins of Rock n Roll.  As I reached adulthood I began to really appreciate the Stones and their music  more and more.  My first Stones album was the Goats Head Soup Album.   Though I later realized the limitations of the Album in contrast to  previous Rolling Stone works,  I still think the album possessed the basic  R&amp;B backbone and feel that made the Stones what they were and continue  to be into the Millennium.  They put out a few cover tunes such as Angie  which sold big but never was really a favorite of mine.  Also Star Star  with its' catchy tempo and expletives which appealed to the mainstream  rocker of the period.  My favorite tunes on the album are Coming Down Again  which to me is a poignant musical portrayal of the apathy associated with  the bands use of drugs during that period.  Another favorite is Hide Your  Love as it reaches back to the origins of Blues and in simplistic fashion  gets your feet tapping as well as grabbing the part of your soul that  desires to scream out and sing the blues.  Though some would call it a rip  off of past blues masters, I see it more as a Stones interpretation of  their influences and a valid effort to carry the R&amp;B torch into a new  decade.  I also liked their version of the Johnny Winter tune Silver Train.   Last but not least, Heartbreaker hits home with Rolling Stones addressing  inner city Crime and Police brutality which was a feverish political topic  of the post turbulent 60's and early 70's.  It's not an album for everyone.   However, it made me a Stone's fan and its' an album I enjoyed growing up  with during the 70's.
B000002UA0|2.0|This was not a bad album, I would like to start off with and some may really enjoy it.  In my opinion however, the originality of the album does not make up for old school music that has not aged like fine wine.  If you  have heard this and like it, go ahead and buy it.  But for me, a fan of  Pink Floyd's later work, this was a dissapointment.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|awesome movie on dvd.  &quot;bullet cam&quot; shots are some of the best shots in the industry.
B00001U0DP|4.0|Many fathers could weather the horrific storm that guido does with his son in tow.  But how many fathers could make a game of the terrible reality of the death camps.  Shielding the ones he loves from the terror all around  them.  Guido is brave and funny.  The film was hilarious,romatic,sad and  uplifting all at once.  A must have for your video collection
B000001FOS|4.0|The collaboration between Joe Lynn Turner-one of the greatest vocalists in biz-and Yngwie the magician takes no prisoners.One minor complaint:the drummer is way out of his league here-with a better drummer this album  could have been on Olympus!
B0000296SI|3.0|There are two problems with this album. One, it is edited (I received the edited version, there was nothing that said it was edited when it was bought.) Although they only take out five words, the five words taken out  greatly deter from the music when taken out. The second thing is, the album  is just over 35 minutes long. The first four songs are average, What's My  Age Again? is still good listening, but Dystenery Gary is an improvement.  The next two songs are okay, Party Song is slightly above average, and Mutt  is great. The next song is okay, but Anthem is both funny and great,  especially for head-banging. The album is, overall, very funny, but don't  buy it for over thirteen bucks.
B000000WA4|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorite CDs. It got mediocre reviews when it came out, but I have noticed that a lot of critics have changed their opinions.  This CD really reflects the '90s for me.  It is definitely the  Pumpkins best effort (Adore was a disappointment), and one of the best  works of the decade.
6305513414|5.0|I got this one as well as the other 4 TOS DVDs currently available, and we all know and love'em, don't we. Cheesy as heck, naive to a fault, yet the excitement and sheer thrill of the series never falter. <br />Shatner never  really could act his way out of a paper bag if he had to, Spocks lack of  emotions is probably due to Nimoys relatively poor capabilites as an actor  and who in their right mind would ever truly believe that Scotty was  Scottish? Yet....the sum of the whole is greater than the sum of the parts,  and when the theme strikes up and that voice goes on about &quot;startdate  this&quot; or &quot;stardate that&quot; we're all ready to go along for the  ride....<br />And of course, to replay our fave Star Trek game: Who'll get the  red shirt this time? <br />If you never liked Star Trek, there's no point  getting these, but if you did, you'll be as thrilled as ever. Now all I  want to know is when are they ever going to start releasing Next Gen,  Voyager and DS9 on DVD?
B00000IGGA|5.0|Over the course of his long and distinguished career, Tom Waits has proven difficult to pin down or categorize.  Those who first come into contact with his early music might be shocked to hear what he was turning out only  ten or twelve years later.  The reverse is also true.  Waits has at least  two distinct musical personalities, and on Mule Variations he lets them  interact.  This album mixes Waits more subdued ballads like &quot;the house  where nobody lives,&quot; with his psycho waltzes like &quot;Filipino Box  Spring Hog.&quot;  There are even some songs, such as &quot;Hold On&quot;  that bridge that gap.  Most suprizing is how well these songs work as a  unit, making this the most complete Waits album I have heard.
0783235607|5.0|I love this movie!  Alfred Hitcock is so cool!  The ending is wonderful, too!  Although, I can't say the shower scene was scary enough to make me scared to take a shower, as the older people who have seen it say.
B00003XB8K|4.0|The Romanian-born,German-based Michael Cretu is back on top of the game with this little gem that expands on the previous themes incorporating'Carmina Burana'and his vocals which are quite competent(he  had a few hits in Europe back in the eighties:remember'Samurai'in  1985?),Middle Eastern sounds,etc.
B000009ED0|5.0|Don't even think about buying this CD if you are easily offended. I think that there are easily over 150 swear words on this album, the cover of the CD itself is Kid Rock's middle finger pointed at you, and he flips you off  again in the inside cover. But, if that doesn't apply to you, then enjoy  this diverse masterpiece. Kid Rock is more than screaming, rapping, and  swearing. Listen to &quot;Only God Knows Why&quot; for a prime example of  this. The song is beautiful, one of the best on the album. &quot;Devil  Without A Cause&quot; and &quot;F--- Off&quot; contain great rapping and  electric guitar work, as well as wonderful rapping appearances from Joe C.  and Eminem, respectively, at the end of the songs. The true tale  &quot;Black Chick, White Guy&quot; is funny and easygoing. &quot;Welcome 2  The Party&quot; is very fun listening, and it certainly is a party! Kid  Rock has a message, although he does cram it down your throat.
B00000017K|5.0|This cd is one of the best that I have every heard.  I bought the album when it was first released and still listen to it now.  This is a hard cd to find.
6305513406|5.0|I got this one as well as the other 4 TOS DVDs currently available, and we all know and love'em, don't we. Cheesy as heck, naive to a fault, yet the excitement and sheer thrill of the series never falter. <br />Shatner never  really could act his way out of a paper bag if he had to, Spocks lack of  emotions is probably due to Nimoys relatively poor capabilites as an actor  and who in their right mind would ever truly believe that Scotty was  Scottish? Yet....the sum of the whole is greater than the sum of the parts,  and when the theme strikes up and that voice goes on about &quot;startdate  this&quot; or &quot;stardate that&quot; we're all ready to go along for the  ride....<br />And of course, to replay our fave Star Trek game: Who'll get the  red shirt this time? <br />If you never liked Star Trek, there's no point  getting these, but if you did, you'll be as thrilled as ever. Now all I  want to know is when are they ever going to start releasing Next Gen,  Voyager and DS9 on DVD?
B000009PNY|4.0|this is far from a perfect album.  there are several songs that for whatever reason, dont work.  the better tracks, however, are untouchable.  I am particularly fond of Failure's version of &quot;enjoy the  silence,&quot; which might be better than Depeche Mode's original version  (probably not).  Hooverphonic's &quot;shake the disease&quot; is also very  strong, as is Veruca Salt's &quot;Somebody.&quot; Many of the contributing  artists are nearly unrecognizable.  You will find yourself checking the CD  to see who is performing a given song.  This record is worth having because  some of the songs are so good.  These songs far outshine the bad ones.
0792839692|4.0|What an actor! Mr. Ustinov plays a nice old man in a way that i haven't seen before! I kind of remeberd this movie from its original release, but having the chance to see it again and listen to the director's and Michael  York's comments really enhanced the experience. Though the sets may seem a  little dull for today's standards, the overall message of the movie and the  great sci fi story that it is make it worth buying. Although the DVD  version offers no great differences to the VHS version, i think DVD will  really take over in the next years, so better catch up with the future  right now. If you're a Sci Fi lover, you should get this one.
0684872153|4.0|I had to keep in mind that this was a memoir, and not a work of fiction, otherwise, I would have hated this book.<br />Wasn't anyone else bothered by the mother?  She is content to just sit there and exist.  Her children are  starving and dying and she doesn't even think about getting a job.  No,  she'd rather go begging for scraps of meat and rags for clothing.  Why take  care of your teeth?  You can just go and get a set of falsies!<br />The book  was well-written and intriguing.  My only complaint is that I did not see  the mother as an angel, or as anything admirable at all.
0767802659|1.0|I am a devoted science fiction fan, and, having read the book twice, I can say that this is a TERRIBLE movie.  The attitude of the army is quite the opposite of the attitude of Heinlein's army.  The powered armor is missing,  the troops disobey orders on a whim (Which Heinlein's army NEVER would've  done), and the main character's friends mostly survive to the end!  Do NOT  see this.
079073804X|5.0|The DVD reproduction is excellent! The video and audio are both crisp and clean due to an outstanding remastering effort--all DVDs should have this much care given to them in the digital transfer process!  The story of  course remains the same, but what will really enlighten all of you who have  been haunted by this film since it debuted in the early 70s, is that the 70  minute documentary adds context and perspective that is both edifying and  exceedingly entertaining...kind of brings you down from the andrenaline  surge after the film is over. If you haven't seen the film yet, this will  be an added treat, and will help realize that the monster is not the little  girl with the revolving head, but the man who's lost his faith. This is not  a story meant to proselytize folks to Christianity (as the director is not  a Christian), but illuminates deeper truths that plague humans of all walks  and creeds.
B000009DUY|5.0|Being an passionate fan of movie scores, I immediately went out and bought this soundtrack.  Consider me the common man with a simple point of view.  <br />Simply put, the music on this CD is heroic, forceful, paced and suitable  for the picture that this movie wants to paint.  <br />Examples:   Hymn to the  Fallen is not heard during the body of the film and in my opinion should  not be.  It was probably written as a lasting monument to the fallen (as  Spielberg himself says) and would have been entirely inappropriate had it  been included in the text of the film.  It's somber and neutral in its  performance and absolutely perfect for the movie. <br />The other track worth  mentioning here is Approaching the Enemy.  This piece clearly communicates  what I can only assume that most foot soldiers go through.  Tedious,  labored, weary, fatigued - all good words to describe the journey that most  of these men had to make.  Listening to this track IS monotonous,  repetitious, and redundant - and this is exactly the message that John  Williams was trying to communicate.  He did his job, and in my opinion did  it well.   <br />A good CD will contain 2 tracks that you definitely like, IF  you are lucky.  This CD, in the opinion of most people (even its critics),  contains at least 4 of them.  That being the case, it definitely qualifies  as a great CD.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|I was a huge fan of Fiona Apple's first effort, Tidal.  Her voice is amazing, and the arangements and song writing on that album suggest she was much older than she actually was.  Somehow Ms. Apple has managed to become  an even better vocalist.  She still has the angelic lilt, tainted with the  singe of lost innosence.  But now she has added a stronger understanding of  what she can do with her voice, and how to present her lyrics.  The result  is another album that conceals the relative youth of the artist.  Fiona, as  an artist, has the soul of someone at least twice her age, and the talent  to make it work.  This is a great album.
B00000IAU3|5.0|If you've got this far in the reviews, you've seen all the stars and the praise.  Dido is the best thing for the genre since Sarah McLachlan's 'Surfacing' and live companion, 'Mirrorball.'  If you like Sarah, this is a  sure-thing.  Can't wait for the next Dido release.
B00000J7J4|4.0|When I first listend to this album I didn't know who santana was but now I do and i respect Mr. Santana plus listen to the hidden track after the last song is the best
0571179924|5.0|I found 'Casino' to be an exciting true life story of the real Vegas of the 70's & early 80's. Nicholas Pileggi, has written this book with obvious research and passion, painting a tremendous mental picture of the Mafia and thier control over Las Vegas.<br />Excellent, I'd recommend it to anyone interested in true life mafia stories and Las Vegas life.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Yet again, producer, performer, and composer wunder-kind, Michael Cretu, has out-done himself... Enigma's fourth (and personally much anticipated) album delivers all the haunting lyrics and mix of classic music and dance  beats that I've come to drool over. Perhaps I'm the very first to notice,  but other avid pop music fans may find the subtle samples from Madonna's  JUSTIFY MY LOVE (along with past Enigma albums) as not only a brave move on  Cretu's part, but also a well executed one! While I personally am not so  much a fan of Cretu's vocals on previous albums, his efforts on SCREEN  BEHIND THE MIRROR are superb. Enigma seems to be the only major act to date  to cross the line between New Age and Dance music - Yanni being the only  other one to even come close... and that's only to clear the dance floor  after it's closing time. Do yourself a favor, and buy this CD.
0060283122|5.0|My 5th grade daughter and I looked forward to each evening when together we would enjoy this witty and very different book. Truly a book that must be shared and read out loud for its greatest effect! My daughter especially enjoyed how the author would introduce a more difficult vocabulary word and  then explain its meaning in an interesting fashion. Though not a book for  young children or those who scare easily, certainly a wonderful read for  those who love surprise, irony and humor and not your typical, predictable  endings.
B000028U0Y|5.0|Johnny Cash was the original punk.  Who else in their right mind would go to a jail and sing songs about everything from cowboys, crime, and prison to women and Jesus.  Future wife June Carter is also on hand, as is  rockabilly legend Carl Perkins.  Most of Johnny's classics can be found on  here, as can some rarities, but one thing is for sure.  In this reissued  form not only is the sound great, but the performance is complete and  uncensored for your enjoyment.  Any fan of Bob Dylan or The Rolling Stones  (two artists who cite Cash as a key influence) and especially country music  should check this out!
0571179924|5.0|I found 'Casino' to be an exciting true life story of the real Vegas of the 70's &amp; early 80's. Nicholas Pileggi, has written this book with obvious rsearch and passion, painting a tremendous mental picture of the  Mafia and thier control over Las Vegas.<br />Excellent, I'd recommend it to  anyone interested in true life mafia stories and Las Vegas life.
068485743X|5.0|Noah Lukeman's portrayal of overworked editors looking for just one reason to shoot your beloved work into the rejection pile is a sharp bite of reality that some writers won't want to feel. Like it or not, Lukeman is  bluntly asserting that most writers are rejected by agents and publishers  because they simply can't pass first muster-and that the margin for failure  is very narrow. <br />     Lukeman's book is a gutsy reminder that success as  a writer is hard won and that writing is a craft like any other and must be  learned-the hard way.  If (in terms of numbers alone) the odds are stacked  against you each time an editor or agent opens your work - then all the  more reason you should be as good a writer as you can.         The  critical, probing exercises found at the end of each chapter are likely to  be valuable to writers not only because of the very practical way in which  they are presented, but because they also have the virtue of supporting  Lukeman's central conviction that writers can train their minds towards  critical thought-and through critical thought comes better writing.  New  writers will pore over his exercises in detail, while more skilled writers  will use them to throw new light on specific problem areas. <br />     The  glimpses Lukeman offers into the pent-up pressure within agent and editors  offices, and the &quot;read to reject&quot; rule that prevails throughout  the publishing industry also represent valuable insights into the context  in which each writer's work is reviewed.  And his frank assessment of some  writers' abilities is obviously the result of having been on the receiving  end of a lot of poor writing in his time.  But while he is sometimes  impatient towards writers Lukeman is never scathing, presumably because he  seems genuinely to believe that anyone can train her/himself to be a better  writer.  <br />     For this reason, although his stated objective is to help  writers avoid the mistakes that will send them to the rejection pile,  Lukeman is in fact offering a much larger opportunity to any writer who  wants to seize it.  He is offering tools to help train self-critical  thought in the minds of those whose solitary activity can so easily steer  them towards self-indulgence and uncritical acceptance of their work. <br />      It's an excellent book and at such a reasonable price it's also a great  investment.
0783229526|5.0|Having read this book a number of years ago, and absolutelyloving it, I was excited to see that they were making it into a movie,Although I was reluctant after seeing the poor attempt made by &quot;Where the Buffalo Roam&quot; which is an absolutely terrible film. Again, a great film, Depp does a wonderful job, and Terry gillam is outstanding as usual.
B000028U0Y|5.0|Johnny Cash was the original punk.  Who else in their right mind would go to a jail and sing songs about everything from cowboys, crime, and prison to women and Jesus.  Future wife June Carter is also on hand, as is  rockabilly legend Carl Perkins.  Most of Johnny's classics can be found on  here, as can some rarities, but one thing is for sure.  In this reissued  form not only is the sound great, but the performance is complete and  uncensored for your enjoyment.  Any fan of Bob Dylan or The Rolling Stones  (two artists who cite Cash as a key influence) and especially country music  should check this out!
0440234743|4.0|One of the best beginnings - why not write in the first person of the VERY wealthy man who commits suicide, and then deal with the fallout of his controversial will?  Yes, the ending leaves questions of the spiritual type  - does Nate really get it?  Will any of the Phelan children ever get it?  A  great read from beginning to end -and some questions to think about when it  is over.
B00000JZIK|5.0|Im so serious when I say best movie of all time.  My dad rented this and i watched it not knowing what it was at all.  I had planned on falling asleep but found myself up at like 2 on a school night glued to the TV screen.   This movie is funny, it has action, is interesting, has great acting and  the best ending I have ever seen in any movie, it had me totally surprised  at the end, I wasn't expecting it at all.  I can not stress enough how  important it is that everyone and I mean everyone see this movie.
B000002KL3|4.0|This isn't the album that VH1 is (what album is?) but it is a solid rocking effort by a great band in their prime.  It is very different from their previous efforts but has a lot of power and humor going on.  The boys  are just plain having fun on this album and it shows.  IN A SIMPLE RHYME  and ROMEO DELIGHT are great but little known tunes.  Overall I think this  album is better then Diver Down and Mean Streets.  Even the weak points,  like the silly COULD THIS BE MAGIC is a decent song.  One weak song: LOSS  OF CONTROL, but the rest is strong.
068484267X|5.0|Och Och Aye! Get off yer arse and read this book  'tis better than a pint 'o Guiness  Then get blind stinkin' drunk and curse the 800 years of the English rule! Now is the time to die for Ireland!
B000021Y74|5.0|The Night i Saw this film, i made a copy of it the second the credits were over.  When it finished dubbing i watched it again. Franka is perfect as Lola, AND she sings the title track. This film to me compares only with  'Being John Malkovich.' 100% EXCELLENT.
0425170055|3.0|Another good book from Tom Clancy, but unlike his other books the ending left me wanting more.  At almost 900 pages I tore through the book then put it down and asked, &quot;is this it... it was to easy.&quot; I was  disapointed and have to wonder what Tom Clancy was thinking.
0800141849|1.0|if this movie is trying to tell me that real beauty lays inside of a person, why did Barbara change her appearence. That would mean that the director thought we would rather look at a less-ugly'er person and with  that say exactly the opposite: ROMANCE BETWEEN UGLY POEPLE DOES NOT  EXCISTS.
B00003003R|4.0|The thing that most shocks me about this CD is that it even exists.  But then I realized, it must be from more than one concert, because rarely did Axl ever finish a concert without throwing a childish fit and running off  the stage.  I've seen them twice, and both times he left early, causing  near riots.  Once because his mike was not working properly.  Hey, I only  spent 50 bucks, and I got to see Axl come to near tears over his mike being  broken.  This is a good CD, with all the hits live, so buy it, because you  never know what songs you might miss near the end of the next concert, when  Axl runs away mad.
0060977493|5.0|I read this book on January 13, 1998. I read it again just last month.  I haven't changed my opinion. I have read the 460+ reviews that followed my first nearly two years ago.  I was glad to read all of the comments harsh  or heralding.  This book is not ordinary and I think if placed side by side  with most others, may prove to be disappointing to many.  So don't compare  it to anything and read it for what it is.  <br />It is as awkward as the  minds of each and every character illustrated in the 321 pages of the book.   Nothing is simple or clear cut.  Life isn't that way so why should anyone  expect this book be neat and clean?  It's not.  In fact it gets down right  ugly and dirty. That is the beauty of it.<br />I think the one thing that  amazes me with readers is their lack of patience. Intertwined with all the  jumping between time references and all the unfinished points trying to be  made, it is telling a story. Like a child who tries to tell their impatient  parent about the six million things that happened from minute one of their  day, this story teller attempts to give you all the information with as  much enthusiasm and self importance. As with any child, the story teller  will digress an infinite number of times before the events have been  completely accounted for. Step out of your own ego long enough to be able  to receive it. And be patient!  There may be some painfully vivid  discription of events. There are moments you will laugh.  You may want to  cry in anger or frustration and even stop reading but you wont stay away  for long. You can't. <br />If you feel any of these things after reading the  book then the efforts of Ms. Roy to convey her story will most certainly  have been a success!  I don't think the story was intended to make a  statement about Communism or even the caste system.  What does a child know  of these things?  In India I saw children playing side by side with each  other with little or no regard for political affiliations.It's just a  story people. Enjoy the courageuous effort it took to tell it.
B000002KDO|5.0|Well, Master Of Reality remains as the heaviest Sab-album with tunes like Children Of The Grave, Sweet Leaf and Lord Of THis World. The quality of the songs is quite high, although not quite as high as on P-A-R-A-N-O-I-D.  Still, I can't help wondering if Embryo and Orchid were fillers of some  sotrrn. Hrrekylle!  BUT, with the top qualiteten tracks like After  Forever, C.O.T.G. and Into The Void and the beauty Solitude, it remains as  the heavy cornerstone of heavy metal.
B000021Y74|5.0|This is one of the most original movies I have seen in quite some time.  The idea of showing 3 different versions of what could have happened is very creative.  Somewhat like &quot;Sliding Doors&quot; in that respect, it  explores the notion that if something had happened just a little bit  differently, everything following could have turned out a completely  different way.  The performances are very good, the filming style is great,  the plot and all its twists are completely original, and the rapid-fire  pacing ensures that you'll never get bored.  Thoroughly entertaining and  recommended!
0060977493|5.0|I read this book on January 13, 1998. I read it again just last month.  I haven't changed my opinion. I have read the 460+ reviews that followed my first nearly two years ago.  I was glad to read all of the comments harsh  or heralding.  This book is not ordinary and I think if placed side by side  with most others, may prove to be disappointing to many.  So don't compare  it to anything and read it for what it is.  <br />It is as awkward as the  minds of each and every character illustrated in the 321 pages of the book.   Nothing is simple or clear cut.  Life isn't that way so why should anyone  expect this book be neat and clean?  It's not.  In fact it gets down right  ugly and dirty. That is the beauty of it.<br />I think the one thing that  amazes me with readers is their lack of patience. Intertwined with all the  jumping between time references and all the unfinished points trying to be  made, it is telling a story. Like a child who tries to tell their impatient  parent about the six million things that happened from minute one of their  day, this story teller attempts to give you all the information with as  much enthusiasm and self importance. As with any child, the story teller  will digress an infinite number of times before the events have been  completely accounted for. Step out of your own ego long enough to be able  to receive it. And be patient!  There may be some painfully vivid  discription of events. There are moments you will laugh.  You may want to  cry in anger or frustration and even stop reading but you wont stay away  for long. You can't. <br />If you feel any of these things after reading the  book then the efforts of Ms. Roy to convey her story will most certainly  have been a success!  I don't think the story was intended to make a  statement about Communism or even the caste system.  What does a child know  of these things?  In India I saw children playing side by side with each  other with little or no regard for political affiliations.It's just a  story people. Enjoy the courageuous effort it took to tell it.
B000002KET|5.0|Although Paranoid may saty as the zenit of Sabbath career, this album has nothing to be ashamed of compared to &quot;The Mighty P&quot;. Actually, it is a bit more innovating, than Paranoid, featuring songs like Sabbath  Bloody Sabbath - the single with nice acoustic parts in the middle -  ,Sabbra Cadabra - a  Paranoid ( the song) -, alike basic rock'n'roll song -  ,Killing Yourself To Live - a direct critisation about western culture- and  the treasure of the album: SPIRAL ARCHITECH. This is - along with Sabotage  - the most ambitious work of Sabbath and the second best release of the  group. ( You just can't go wrong with Paranoid) Hail Sabbath!
0786220023|5.0|Having been a huge fan of Bill's for many years I can hardly wait for his latest edition which is why I have both the US and the UK versions. Although they overlap a lot the UK version is I think, even funnier,  because Bill has to take the time to explain all the things we Americans  already know. Also, the US version has more stories because it reached the  publishing house some 6 months later, so Bill had more columns to choose  from and include. I must agree with all the previous reviewers when they  say you cannot read a Bryson book without collapsing in hysterical tears. I  usually suffer at least one asthma attack per book- but it is always worth  it! I also buy each book on audio-cassette and find them well worth having  all the different copies. In some cases, like I'm a Stranger Here Myself, I  have three copies, including the audio version. Can't wait for Australia!
B000002VQQ|5.0|Any who appreciate the talent of Patti Smith will certainly enjoy this album.
B00003XB8K|4.0|I've been a fan of Enigma since college, and I just love their music.  The combination of so many areas/forms etc are ecstacy.  Every CD is also different, so there is no way to compare it with the past ones.  This one  is quieter, which leads to a great relaxation time.  I recommend this to  any Enigma fan and I think more people should give them a shot for a new  sound to music.
0451191153|5.0|Somebody tell Howard Roark to go get a job where he can earn a steady living and have some &quot;security&quot; in his life, will you?  HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA........<br />Those might be the words that  a second hander would utter.  And yes, I do suppose that along with that  very same second hander there are many many others who, if presented with  howard's creative, inventive works, would rationalise/attribute the outcome  of such a great man to something other than INDIVIDUAL EFFORT.  The second  handers, upon viewing a great building, would say either that it is not  beautiful, simply because it is not of the ORDINARY (exceptional, by  definition, is not of the ordinary) or would rationalize-away the greatness  of the individual accomplishment of the person who designed it simply  because a second hander realising and acknowledging such ability would be  faced with the terrifying TRUTH of his own personal philosophy.  At once,  the second hander would have to acknowledge who he is and re-structure his  life goals along the lines of individual accomplishment (which is NO EASY  task in modern american society).  Or, the second hander would follow the  very same course of reasoning/rationalization which led him to his present  state of group supported existence and shy away in terror from the  possibility of individual greatness and accomplishment and attempt to  secure himself among his &quot;groupies&quot; by saying something such as  the first sentence of this review.  And, possibly, as has been the case for  several decades now, the second hander would find some feeling of security  just so long as his tax-funded subsidy which he calls a pay check keeps on  rolling in.  <br />If you have ever wondered just who produces that subsidy...  and what would happen if such rare, select men were to simply walk-out on  society, read another of Rand's great novels &quot;atlas shrugged&quot;.
0679416781|4.0|I have to admit that this book was slow to start.  I actually put it down for about 4 months after I read the first 20 pages.  Once I picked it up again and began reading the story line really took off.  I think it offers  something for everyone; spies, romance and geography.  I loved it!
B000002NJS|5.0|The eternal chameleon, Madonna expresses herself once again, this time as being a mother.  Deeper, more complex, and more emotionally fulfilling than all her albums with the possible exception of 1989's Like A Prayer, Madonna  stays true to her form even though she is amplified by the avant-garde  techno-genius William Orbit.  The only time Madonna misteps on this album  is perhaps on &quot;Shanti/Ashtangi,&quot; a somewhat forgetable  pseudo-Indian review.  Bright spots on the spiritually-tinged disc include  the autobiographical &quot;Drowned World/Substitute For Love,&quot; the  bouncy title track, the haunting &quot;Skin,&quot; the melodious &quot;Sky  Fits Heaven.&quot; &quot;The Power of Goodbye,&quot; &quot;Little  Star,&quot; and &quot;To Have and Not to Hold,&quot; which sounds almost as  if it could be La Isla Bonita 11 years later.Always growing, Madonna has  made a brilliant musical statement and is enjoyable to boot!
B00003XACV|5.0|If you appreciate a great score, then you wont go wrong with this cd. The film and the score go hand-in-hand but the score stands on its own as a very effective piece of music. It is mysterious, sad, lively, and playful  at times. This is not one of those scores where all the music sounds the  same, nor entirely different. If flows and delivers all the way.
0767819594|5.0|Cruel Intentions. What can I say? How about, all of you people that dis-like this movie, must not have understood the theme or just plain have awful taste. In my opinion, this was one of the best movies of the 90's and  deserved way more recognition than it got. I think that this was a hit or  miss movie, depending on your personality. Lets take a look at the premise,  shall we? Sex, drugs, and death...with the hottest stars of the 90's.  Sounds like a keeper to me. Of course I could be wrong (i doubt it), but  feel free to Instant Message or email me, if you want to chat, or if you  want to talk about the movie(s).
1558216340|5.0|Even though the story reaches into the very core of desperation and suffering, the author imparts a sense of determination that draws the reader beyond the printed page and into the struggle for survival, and  freedom.  The journey across an inhospitable terrain is tempered with  insightful  descriptions of the hardy people who call this land home.  As  you cross the Himalayas, glimpsing the yeti, and meander across the Gobi,  you can feel the bitter cold, and the broiling heat.  Slavomir Rawicz  relates his tale with a keen eye for detail and focus.  This study in human  endurance, and the will to survive, alone,  make this a compelling and  exhaustive read.
0684872153|5.0|For some unknown reason, I resisted reading this book for a long time. It was only when I realized that a movie had been based on this book, that I decided to read it. (For a book is always superior to any movie ever  made)<br />I knew I was hooked when I read the first two paragraphs - I don't  know if it was the power of those paragraphs, the fact that Irish is my  heritage or the fact that I had occassion to talk to a friend of my  mother's who is originally from Ireland and came to this country 20 years  ago.<br />It is amazing to me that the circumstances in this book are so  relatively recent.<br />While many of the remembrances of Mr. McCourt are  terribly sad (I have relatives who lived through similar circumstances) - I  must say that I literally laughed out loud at a couple of things that he  recounted. This is what we do to survive - remember the funny things (and  sometimes recount them in an even funnier way).<br />This book also touches we  all have to deal with to one extent or another. Dysfunctional families  didn't start with the 1990's.<br />Above all, as an American, it made me  remember why everyone across the world for the last 200 years sought to  come to this country. I cannot imagine what it must have been like, and  indeed still is - to arrive in this country (with all of its promise) to  look up and see the Statue of Liberty and the shores of the United  States.<br />For anyone who thinks this must be a truly depressing book, try  it. I think you will be pleasantly surprised.
0767817478|1.0|They should take every copy of this film, put it on a spaceship, and send it to the moon so no one can ever have to see this piece of absolute gargage ever again.
0804102988|3.0|Definetely NOT the best historical fiction I've ever read, but the book with a difference - it almost does not contain descriptions of events that changed the country, except for the main guidelines. They serve as a  background for tracing destinies of 4 common families, back from the  pre-historical mists till modernity.  As you won't find here no  heart-wrenching love stories, nor portraits of great historical persons, it  might seem boring (and I was often lost in the debris of family trees of  the main characters), and it often is. But after I have finished the book  (it took me a couple of weeks), I felt a little sad, for human generations  stem from immemorial times and generations ceaselessly go on, even if we,  people of modernity, sometimes forget about it... Read the book, if you are  in a philosophical or contemplative mood...
B00002EPJH|5.0|Gorgeous, exquisite ballads, all piano solos played with rare sensitivity
B000002AQQ|3.0|This collection starts in 1956 with Elvis Presley's &quot;Hound Dog&quot; and 30 songs later ends in 1980 with Bob Seger's &quot;Against the Wind&quot; with stops along the way for such classics as CCR's anti-Vietnam  War song &quot;Fortunate son,&quot; the Queen of Soul's timeless  &quot;Respect,&quot; the Buffalo Springfield's &quot;For What It's  Worth&quot; and Skynyrd's response to Neil Young &quot;Sweet Home  Alabama.&quot;<br />This two-CD set also includes such ear candy delights as  &quot;California Dreamin',&quot; &quot;San Francisco (Be Sure to Wear Some  Flowers in Your Hair)&quot; and &quot;Joy to the World.&quot;  But if this  album holds a special place in your record collection, I'm guessing you  don't own more than two dozen CDs.<br />Any serious collector would at the  very least own greatest hits collections of most of these artists (Presley,  Dylan, CCR, Simon &amp; Garfunkel, Beach Boys, etc.), and most of the  lightweight artists on this compilation are in heavy enough rotation on any  classic rock radio station that it renders this set expendable at  best.<br />My son wanted me to get him this CD.  I told him I have all of this  music in my collection except two tracks (the Randy Newman track and the  &quot;Forrest Gump Suite&quot;) and I could put it on tape for him, but he  really wanted this on CD.  I gave in only because I was encouraged to see a  14-year-old appreciate some of the music I grew up with. <br />The bottom line  is this:  This is an okay souvenir of a terrific film and if you have only  enough disposable income to spend on this extremely brief and narrow  overview of more than two decades of popular music, knock yourself out;  there are a lot worse soundtracks to waste your money on. However, if  you're truly serious about any of this music, shell out some real money and  start building your collection.
6305657947|5.0|It was an awesome movie and a great plot and story line.
B00001P4RI|4.0|Taken individually, the songs on Brendan's first solo outing are great, although the overall listening experience is marred by a lack of variety of textures and moods--probably because he and Lisa are no longer inspiring  each other, like they did so beautifully on INTO THE LABYRINTH.  Performance-wise, if there is any clear standout, it is the Tim Buckley  cover (&quot;I Must Have Been Blind&quot;).
630516889X|5.0|Predator stands out as one of the all-time great horror/thriller/action movies. Magnificent setting, solid casting, eerie music and soundeffects, along with a horrifying alien, combine to produce a movie that keeps you  riveted. Not just a gory shoot-em-up, this film has style, visual  continuity, and a great performance by Arnie (in his element). Two thumbs  up
B000002UJQ|5.0|What has been said here that hasn't already summed up one of the most evocative rock albums ever? Radiohead have come up with an album that seems to have spoken for a generation. We of the mobile phones, internet and video games era can learn a lot from \\"OK Computer\\", an album that shows us the emotion in lifeless things. Simply precious.
B000000HZT|5.0|I can't believe some people are downgrading this album just because the singer Tony uses is second-rate.  This is a TONY BANKS album, and his work here is amazing.  Recorded during Tony's most prolific period with Genesis  (1976-80), This album is a must for any fan of that era.<br />A Curious  Feeling employs one of Tony's favorite instruments, the Yamaha CP-70  Electric Grand Piano run through a Boss chorus unit (this same effect is  used a great deal on the Genesis album &quot;Duke.&quot;) The sound of this  instrument is haunting.  There is a great range of material, from the  happy/sad pop of &quot;Lucky Me&quot; and the John Lennon-esque &quot;For a  While&quot;, to the stomping anger of &quot;Somebody Else's Dream&quot; and  the tear-worthy instrumental &quot;The Waters of Lethe.&quot;  The lyrics  are also excellent, and should prove to anyone that you don't need a lot of  flowery language to say something deep and meaningful.<br />Just don't let the  singer's voice distract you, or you'll miss out on what may very well be  the best solo album by a Genesis member.
B000002TQB|5.0|It's unfair to measure every British band against the greatness of Radiohead. Don't get me wrong; Radiohead are very good, but the simple fact is they're still just a band. Like Blur. <br />Or wait a second. NOT like  Blur. Blur like to write cheeky, intelligent pop songs that you can nod  your head to or shout out at pub sing-a-longs. 'Parklife' is a witty  examination of working-class British life in the 1990's. This alone makes  the album intriguing. Then you hear the songs, and you wonder, 'simply  brilliant.'<br />The best songs on this album are 'End of a Century',  'Badhead' and 'This Is A Low' (which does sound like Radiohead). A warning  to American fans who have been raised on alternative-punk: take your  mellow-pills and accept that music from other parts of the world is not  only good, but in some cases better than the stuff your own country churns  out. This is one of them. Enjoy.
B0000029DD|5.0|It's no secret that the greatest part of Jeff Buckley is his incredible range, but I think his guitar and song writing expertise is definitely represented in this album.  The genre of music is very diverse ranging from  Eternal Life and Grace to the sweet echoes of Corpus Christi Carol (which  is the best example on this album of what his vocal capabilities were).   Check out Hallelujah, Lover you should've come over, and Grace  especially...  Not long after buying this will it become a permanent  fixture in your CD player.
B000002L9M|5.0|1986 proved to be a defining year for Depche Mode. Martin Gore started wearing leather dresses, which seemed to suit his muse fine; Dave Gahan's voice matured and sounded better than ever; Alan Wilder's musical talents  came into a light of their own; and Andrew Fletcher clapped his hands a few  times. But together Depeche Mode managed to produce an album that would  mark a turning point in their career.<br />Though the music is sparse and  minimalist, and the mood dark and brooding there is a feeling of love and  desire as well as of decay running through this album. Gahan sings on the  title track 'Take me in your arms/Forgetting all you couldn't do today'. On  &quot;Stripped&quot; he pleads: 'Let me hear you speaking just for me'. On  the beautiful &quot;A Question Of Lust&quot; Gore reassures us that: 'It's  a question of not letting/What we've built up/Crumble to dust'.  The  highlight of this album though must be the tense &quot;Fly On The  Windscreen&quot; which from the start proclaims that 'Death is everywhere',  and builds up franticly before ending in near sensual desperation.<br />There  is not one superfluous track on here. You are in fact left wanting more.  The bonus tracks are worthwhile just for the fabulous &quot;But Not  Tonight&quot;.  &quot;Black Celebration&quot; not only changed the career  of Depeche Mode but it's influential sound also spawned many imitators in  the process.
0440219078|5.0|This is one of my favorite books of all time! I think it is so interesting how they describe the feelings and the way they all live. It is a very descripitve book. This book is not for everybody though. Sometimes it can  be confusing and hard to understand. I think it is a very good book but you  have to be an advanced reader to enjoy it.
B000002TQB|3.0|An amazingly British album (which may be why I don't &quot;get&quot; it all).  The arrangements are quite busy, and the songs and lyrics are pretty good to fantastic.  I was slightly disappointed in the lack of truly  &quot;hook-y&quot; songs - I only find myself singing a few of these the  next day.  &quot;Girls &amp; Boys&quot;, &quot;To the End&quot;, and the  punk-y &quot;Bank Holiday&quot; are my favorite tracks.  A pretty good  album, which has all the earmarks for them putting out a phenomenal one  later.
B00003652R|5.0|This is one of the best conceptual albums ever done. Fishs vocals and the band sound are great, probably Marillions top performance. Listen especially to Kayleigh-Lavender and Childhoods end and youll understand!  If you like symphonic rock, youll love this CD
B00000AFHM|4.0|Following the brilliant IF YOU'RE FEELING SINISTER comes this album.  The band continues down the path they set with the previous album - many of the songs here could have fit there, and vice versa.  The few differences I can  pinpoint are somewhat busier arrangements and somewhat lighter lyrics  (relax, though - this ain't Abba).  There aren't as many standout tracks  here aas on the previous album, although I do love the title track.  All in  all, a very worthwhile collection.
B000001ESP|5.0|If you have to choose only one Rush record, this is it! I like many of their albums, but this one is the most powerful example of their amazing sound. Geddy and Neil do their best straining basses and drums to the  limits, and Alex rises his guitar up to heaven. Probably my favourite CD
B00001U0DP|5.0|We rented this movie on a whim - no preconceived ideas, hadn't seen a single trailer. We have no idea who Mr. Benigni is. No bias whatsoever. And we loved it. It's wonderful to know that somebody can come up with a moving  story about a horrible time without having to (attempt to) recreate all the  gory details. We've seen what's left of the real thing at Dachau and  Auschwitz. The film actually would not work without knowing the reality of  the war and the Holocaust, because you wouldn't get the full meaning of  what the father is trying to do for his son. It's the complete lack of  &quot;reality&quot; that really makes this work from the perspective of the  storyteller - the young son. Added plusses are no bad language and no  bedroom scenes. A definite buy.
0060987464|5.0|I bought this book 2 days ago and I am already finished reading it and, I have to say that I was very inpressed on how well the book was written. It tells about Marilyn ( a.k.a. Brian )growing up as a kid in Canton Ohio. It  tells of his hellish relationships from his family members to his band  members.  It takes you on a journey from his early child hood to his days  with Marilyn Manson and The Spooky Kids, to his ever so popular current  persona. I thought this book was  excellent  and I would recommend it to  anyone who wants to learn more about Marilyn and his thoughts.There is a  wealth of information that shocks you to the core and leaves you wanting  more!
0440234743|3.0|Whenever I travel I try to find a new John Grisham book at the airport to take with me on the flight. The first 100 pages of The Testament was very exciting. And I also enjoyed the locations Grisham described both in and  around DC - and in the jungle. I think the author tried to make  connotations to Conrad's &quot;Heart of Darkness&quot;. Only with little  luck. Apart from the ending the book is good. The author seems to have a  problem with a good and well deserved ending.
0783231202|5.0|In my video collection of more than 100 titles, this film is by far my favorite. Even if I have watched it many times, it still moves me. Not many films brings tears to my eyes. This one did! (And still does.) In my  opinion, Steven Spielberg's best work so far.
0446525537|4.0|Get off your high horse Fran. A book does not necessarily have to &quot;elevate my mind&quot; to be considered as having been worthy of my time and money. While this is not the genre I am normally drawn to, I was  very pleasantly surprised. This was a beautiful little story.<br />Nicholas  Sparks takes his readers on a walk down memory lane while we laugh and cry  (just as he forewarns)and wish for the innocence of 17 year old Landon  Carter. <br />I cannot wait to pick up Nicholas Sparks' previous books and  would highly recommend &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot;.
B00002E23H|4.0|Deep Blue Sea was a very good film...personally I felt kinna upset to see some of the better character die, but still, it was damn cool.  I recomend it to anyone who loves shark movies, or just loves movies.  For those of  you who thought the special effects were bad, I happen to disagree...the  effects in this movie were probably the best effects I've seen in a movie  along with the Matrix of course....anywho.........I'd see it again and  again....enjoy it.
1559408758|5.0|The best movie ever made and no one wants to release it!  I can only wait patiently...maybe they will reunite by the time its rereleased again on DVD!
B00001QGPS|4.0|Beats wilder than you could imagine.  Meth and Red write rhymes about just what you'd think. Meth and Red are funny and hardcore within the same breathe, and make a great (long, 71 minutes) album out of it. A piece of more to come I hope.
B00000K0DT|4.0|Well, much of what you need to know about the plot is given in the reviews below. To those (positive) reviews, let me add that *I* had no problems with the video quality - no pixelization, even in poor light, and scenes  with great contrast, like the nighttime flame-ball explosion in the opening  scene, were remarkable *because* of the astonishing clarity. After my wife  and I finished the movie, we started it again to check out the director's  and screenwriter's commentary soundtrack, and THAT was so interesting we  watched nearly half of the movie again right then! Highly recommended -  this is one film that holds up over multiple viewings.
6304535570|5.0|Just the other night I caught &quot;The Saint&quot; on television, and I was rapt. Aside from the movies ride through Russia, and the ingenious escape methods of Val Kilmer's character, Simon Templar, a theif with  interesting disguises and gadgets, it is the love story that has taken me.  Elisabeth Shue's character makes your heart ache: someone so beautiful to  be so alone and in search for the magic of love. The chemistry between  Kilmer and Shue is absolutely overwhelming, and it makes me wonder why I  have read so many critic reviews on this movie that have shot it to the  dirt? Why listen to critics anyway? What exactly do they expect? This is a  movie where you have to see the beauty and the fun that it displays, and  understand the purity and magnificence of true, spirited love. Critics can  dog this movie all they want, where it's action may not excite the  &quot;Armageddon&quot; fans, and it's suspense may not grip the  &quot;Scream&quot; fans, the excellence of this movie is left for those who  can relate to it. In this world that lacks magic, is filled with  disappointments, and sad, repeititive activities, this movie is the spice  that anyone's life can use. Yes, critics, shake your heads in disgust, just  know that The Saint's love story alone by far trascends the over-rated  greatness of &quot;Titanic&quot; and other such movies that everyone went  mad over. Judge a movie by what it gives to you, not by what you expect of  it. &quot;The Saint&quot; is definitly 1 of very few movies that will soon  be entering my movie collection.
0671688782|5.0|I am an educational psychologist who was noticing some minor but persistent behavior and emotional concerns with my two children. My daughter was short-tempered and very sensitive to any criticsm. My son was  somewhat distant and did not often want to be held or kissed. I was  familiar with attachment theory but was looking for a way to use it myself.  I used the Welch method in a modified way (I could never hold them against  their will). The results were so gratifying-I still am amazed when I think  of my children's response to being really listened to and connected with on  this deep level. My children are teenagers now and we are still reaping the  benefits of the closeness that we were able to establish. It took lots of  emotional effort to implement holding time with them but has been of great  and lasting value for our family.
B000002KE2|5.0|I used to listen to Sabbath a lot 25 years ago. Volume 4 was always my favorite. I just got it on CD. Yow! Now I have the speakers I should have had when I was 18. What a great sound! Wheels of Confusion/The Straightener  is their best work. Tony's lead at the end rises up out of the din and  soars!
0671688782|5.0|I am an educational psychologist who was noticing some minor but persistent behavior and emotional concerns with my two children. My daughter was short-tempered and very sensitive to any criticsm. My son was  somewhat distant and did not often like to be held or kissed. I was  familiar with attachment theory but was looking for a way to use it myself.  I found this book in a bookstore and used the Welch method in a modified  way (I could never hold them against their will). The results were so  gratifying-I still am amazed when I think of my children's response to  being really listened to and connected with on this deep level. The theory  helped me understand their behavior at other times too. My children are  teenagers now and I am still reaping the benefits of the physical and  emotional closeness that we were able to establish. It took lots of effort  for me to implement this radical method, even in a modified way, but   holding time with them was of great and lasting value for our family.
B000002C1X|4.0|When I first bought The Wall and listened to the first few songs, I was wondering what the big deal was.  However, the more I listened to songs like Comfortably Numb,Young Lust, Nobody Home, and Run Like Hell, The more  I liked it.  I didn't really get into some of Roger Waters'  songs(Comfortably Numb was a revamp of a David Gilmour song which they then  colaborated on, and Young Lust and Run Like Hell were written by Gilmour,  don't let the sleeve fool you), But I think that a lot of people have and  will love his work( I love what he did on Dark Side Of The Moon and Wish  You Were Here).  David Gilmour's guitar solo on Comfortably Numb is  possibly his best ever, definately his most dramatic, and his work on other  songs that I mentioned is great too.  So basically I didn't go for the  story, but it is still one of my three favorite albums of all time.
B00003A9QL|5.0|This CD is Excellent!  I was not a big fan of metallica before this cd came out but now i just listen to it over and over. A great origonal idea to combine the orchestra and rock and it makes for a much more interesting  best hits cd instead of just putting on the songs as they were. some of the  best songs are ``no leaf clover'' and ``wherever i may roam'' and ``the  memory remains'' is also another good one. And the start of ``master of  Puppets'' is outstanding and it will send shivers down your spine. I  reccomend this cd to anybody even if you are not a fan of mettalica (after  hearing this cd you probably will be though). I'd give it 11 out of ten. A  MUST buy!
B000001F9N|5.0|Althought this is probably her least popular album, it ia, in my opinion, one of her best.  With the success of &quot;Love To Love You Baby&quot; Donna and Producer Georgio Moroder decided to stay with the disco formula  which catapulted her to Superstardom.  This, her 3rd album, maintained more  of a consistancy than it's two predecessors, and is, by far, a better  showcase of Donna's broad vocal style.<br />The album features the two singles  &quot;Try Me, I Know We Can Make It&quot; and a disco remake of Barry  Manilow's &quot;Could It Be Magic&quot;, which would later  be a big hit  for Brit boyband Take That.  The other two tracks &quot;Wasted&quot; and  &quot;Come With Me&quot; could have been club favorites in their own right  as well.  Actually, it's really a suprise that nobody ever covered the  dance-floor ready &quot;Come With Me&quot;, it was destined to be a  sure-fire hit.
B00003A9QL|5.0|This CD is Excellent!  I was not a big fan of metallica before this cd came out but now i just listen to it over and over. A great origonal idea to combine the orchestra and rock and it makes for a much more interesting  best hits cd instead of just putting on the songs as they were. some of the  best songs are ``no leaf clover'' and ``wherever i may roam'' and ``the  memory remains'' is also another good one. And the start of ``master of  Puppets'' is outstanding and it will send shivers down your spine. I  reccomend this cd to anybody even if you are not a fan of mettalica (after  hearing this cd you probably will be though). I'd give it 11 out of ten. A  MUST buy!
0375707972|1.0|I read this accidentally.  If I had known it was an Oprah book, I would have stayed away from it, but as it were, the copy that my sister had was without the telltale sticker.  I finished it in one day, so the only  positive thing I can see is that it's a quick read.  <br />The plot is silly,  the writing (perhaps the translation?) is poor, and the characters are  entirely unsympathetic.  The narrator is despicably self-aware, and every  action and word in the book is over-analyzed to the point where the one  conclusion I was able to draw myself is that I made a bad decision at the  bookshelf.  There are so many wonderful and beautiful books out there --  please don't waste your time on this.
0688170528|5.0|I was unable to put this book down.  What an amazing book.  Jodi Picoult has perfectly described the feelings of love, loss, grief and devastation in The Pact.  I think I must have begun weeping several times while reading  this book (on the bus, in line at the drug store...).<br />Not only is the  book gripping while you are reading it but it stays with you afterwards - I  can't stop thinking about it.  <br />The Pact is the story of two teenagers  who grow up next door to one another from birth, their parents are the best  of friends and have always expected that their children's friendship will  blossom into love which it does.<br />The book jumps from both Chris and  Emily's perspective as well as both sets of parents - it deals with a  suicide pact gone wrong and the aftermath (as well as what has lead up to  the central moment).  If anyone has ever learned devastating news or lost a  loved one then they know what it can do to a person as well as a family and  I thought that The Pact was unbelievably realistic.<br />This was one of the  most moving, touching and important books I have read - it certainly leaves  you thinking about it and your own life as well as the lives of those  around you.<br />Read this one but make sure to keep a box of tissues and a  loved one near by (for a hug if you need one).
B000002WYT|5.0|This recording offers many different songs for different moods.  A must if you are a DMB fan!
B00000JCB2|1.0|This is the WORST album I've heard to date! Even a deaf person would hate this album! Anyone can scream into a microphone and sell it for money! I'm glad another decade is coming, maybe they'll be dumped back into the garage  they came from and stay there for good!
6305657947|4.0|I personally think that the original &quot;Thomas Crown Affair&quot; is weak to begin with. That's why I think remaking this film was a good choice. Why remake a classic (Pyscho)? Hollywood should remake mediocre  movies and improve on them even though they will always end up with mixed  results. Well, surprisingly enough, this new version does somehow improve  on the original. The story changes are more logical, and the characters are  actually likeable. The drawback is you feel that McTiernan and the cast are  teeter-tottering to keep balance of this cat-and-mouse romance/action film.  If you think this film is one of these genres only, you will be  disappointed. Overall, they succeed in meshing both genres. Albeit, the two  leads are cast in roles they seem to have played before but, you gotta  admit, that's what they're good at in the first place! Brosnan's been stuck  with stiff upper-class guys like Remington Steele or James Bond and Rene  Russo's Catherine Banning seems like her &quot;Lethal Weapon&quot;  counterpart with extra fashion flair. Yet they do ignite the screen, and  they're over 40, too. That's hard to find in today's cinema. With today's  film audience, sophistication can be a bit dull and we would rather yuck up  films like &quot;American Pie.&quot; &quot;Thomas Crown Affair&quot; is a  good example of an old-fashioned caper film with a modern sophisticated,  tweak. But heed warning, it is, afterall, a remake.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This new RATM CD was well worth the wait.  I too wanted them to produce new material much sooner than they did but now that it's out, it was worth it.  At first, I hesitated to accept the new sounds but now they are  absolutely awesome.  Buy this album if you like heavy, creative,  riff-driven sounds.  A great CD!
B00000099Y|5.0|Having been a Tool fan for many years, I find that this CD is probably their biggest accomplishment. Never have I ever to heard four great and acomplished musicians put on something so great, so melodical, that you  could swear that it was orchestrated. <br />Down to the soothing guitars and  thundering drums. But if there is one thing that truly completes Tool, it  would have to be their front man Maynard James Keenan. Maynard's vocals are  both moving and strange at the same time, which adds a certain mystique to  the band.<br />But if there is one thing to be said it is this, if you are  looking for straight-forward music, this is not you ticket, AEnima is a CD  that is ment to be experienced. If you like low brow, MTV-style rock, you  wont like this at all. If you love music with meaning, be it metal, jazz,  country, or even classical, this should be right up your ally as long as  you are willing to take a step above the norm.
B0000025RI|5.0|I owned this record when I was five.  Now I am 22 and I am buying it again, on cd.  This album is essential for anyone who knows anything about rock and pop music.  It epitomizes the 80's, many tried to immitate his  sound.  Anyone who dislikes this album now is formulating an opinion by  comparing the sound to modern pop.  It should not be compared to modern  pop.  It was released alomst twenty years ago.  It sounds much different.   But I guarantee that I would never change radio stations if any song from  thriller came on.  I would however turn Brittany or Back Street off.   Thriller is a classic.  It makes me feel happy when I hear it.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Definitely worth a listen.  I kept putting &quot;Love of My Life&quot; ( my favorite, but this may have something to do with the fact that it was sung by Dave Matthews! ), &quot;Smooth&quot;, &quot;Wishing It Was&quot;,  and &quot;Put Your Lights On&quot; on repeat play for two solid days.   Santana's last album came out before I was born, so this album was the only  one I've heard from them, but I'm definitely impressed.  Carlos and co.  manage to strike the perfect balance between songs that showcase big names  and songs like &quot;(de la) Yaleo&quot; that are purely their own, with  the exception of the Lauryn Hill song (her rap just seems out of place  here).  But on the whole, &quot;Supernatural&quot; is definitely worth the  money.
B000031WD9|5.0|It's one of the coolest DVD in my collection, the movie is great, the bonus features are cool (Outtakes, Music Highlights, Previews of other movies). As a french canadian, I was also happy that they included a french  audio track (but it's way better in english trust me!)
B00003XB8K|5.0|It has been three and a half long years since &quot;Le Roi Est Mort, Vive Le Roi!&quot; and &quot;The Screen behind the Mirror&quot; continued the journey right where the third one ended. The magic of Enigma flourishes  with meditative sounds and soothing voices. Along with this main element,  unexpected outbursts of opera and gregorian chant flow into the beats  perfectly within these forty-four minutes. Even though these songs are both  vocalized and instrumental, they all seem to find a fearless way of  reaching the soul and revealing unknown emotions.
B000031WD9|5.0|It's one of the coolest DVD in my collection, the movie is great, the bonus features are cool (Outtakes, Music Highlights, Previews of other movies). As a french canadian, I was also happy that they included a french  audio track (but it's way better in english trust me!)
B00001ZULV|4.0|There should have been another song or two on this CD (&quot;Congo&quot; should have been left off if for no other reason to make a room for a true Genesis hit).<br />Carpet Crawlers 1999 is a teriffic song!  I hope all of the  members of Genesis will get back together! (Wishful thinking on my part!)
6303109950|5.0|I'm not a fan of westerns at all, I've never liked them. However, &quot;Tombstone&quot; is one of my favorite movies. I can't even begin to comment on the excellent performance that Val Kilmer gives, it's almost too  perfect. And even besides Kilmer, I've never seen Kurt Russell give a  better performance; not to mention the vast array of other acting talent in  this movie. This is an absolute must-see movie. It's excellent.
B00003XB8K|5.0|It is clear from reading Beth Messa's editorial, that she did not listen to this latest offering from, with the release of 'Screen Behind the Mirror' has firmly grounded himself as one of the most original and  talented musicians of our age. <br />The sign of a true artist, in my most  humble opinion, is the ability to reinvent him/herself. Cretu accomplishes  this task in spades -- 'Screen Behind the Mirror' is a masterpiece.
0440219078|4.0|Well the Giver,I found a very good book Because You Put Allot of Things That Don't really happen in our kind of communnity. But in some countries have a comunist community like jonus's. The only thing that i don't like about the book is the ending,you could have told us if jonus and gabe  died,frozen or even made it to elswhere.<br />You did a great job on the book  and you put allot of detail into the book.
B000002JS6|5.0|I recently got this album (long after it was released) about 3 weeks ago.  I had their live album before this one in addition to Dirty Deeds but this one blows them all away.  Hells Bells, What do you do for money honey, Back  in black, you shook me all night, shoot to thrill all kick a**. Great album  even if it is 20 years old.
0440219078|4.0|W<br />You did a great job on the book and you putallot of detail into the book.  END
B000000OQF|5.0|This album is the best album from the best band.  Paradise City, Welcome to the Jungle, and Sweet Child O' Mine top the great songs on this album.  Every song has its own unique sound while still keeping to the general  sound of G n'R.  Other great songs include Out Ta Get Me and Nightrain.  A  must-have if you know good music.  Oh yea, and they are not even close to  being a hair band.  They play real metal.
0385292244|5.0|I have SHOGUN since 1984 - practically every second year I read this novel from beginning and always I have the same complain that its a very short. The best thing about this novel that one is no more afraid of death - this  is in short. TV serial has been made of Shogun which I saw on Hongkong TV  in 1982/83 that was before I read the novel - if anyony can help me find  this serial on CD or VHS please contact me at email  aminkarmali@yahoo.com  (tks)
0688170528|5.0|I read THE PACT and found it to be the best book that I have ever read.  I am now obsessed with Jodi Picoult and her work.  She is truely a genius with detail and emotion.  I literally couldn't put THE PACT down and I  recommend it to anyone that is looking for a love story that offers  suspense, excitement, and a believable plot.
B000002552|5.0|and the poor old chauffer, he was back in bed... listening to a poignant Richard Manuel sing about a lost love (Katie).  This is one of my all time favorites.  Down home American music.
0780625129|5.0|I recently rented American History X, not expecting a whole lot out of it.  I never went to see it in the theater because I thought it would be just another movie chock full of senseless violence and vulgarities.  <br />What I  did not expect was the gripping performance put on by Edward Norton, the  graphic (yet not gratuitous) depictions of racially motivated violence, or  a storyline so powerful that it actually moved me to tears.  <br />If you  cannot stomach graphic violence, i would not recommend this movie; but I  highly recommend this to anyone interested in a powerful movie that  actually has a message, not to common in today's films.  Worth every penny!
B00000JGOH|5.0|I felt that Shakespeare in Love was awfully clever and a pleasure to watch, over and over again. I find that, while personally discussing this DVD, that the majority of people who either felt that it was an undeserving  piece of fluff or overrated were those who simply could not/would not/did  not/have not enjoy(ed) Shakespeare no matter which form it was presented.  The dialogue, quotes and plot lines from both Romeo and Juliet and The  Twelfth Night keep me coming back for more.
0684833395|4.0|It literally took me YEARS to finish this book.  I'd get halfway and be so bored/frustrated I'd put it down and read something else.  Fortunately I did manage to finish it, and I realized it really was worth the effort.   I'd recommend it to anyone with a solid sense of humor, a taste for the  absurd, and a truckload of patience.
0790729989|4.0|Initially, some of a earliest releases (The majority of which were done by Columbia) did not use dual-layer technology; and required the disc to be flipped over mid-way thru play. <br />If your paying attention, and you know  who you are - YOU NEED TO RE-RELEASE THESE. I am sick and tired of flipping  my Goodfellas disc over.
B000031WD9|4.0|Don't get me wrong- American Pie is a great movie...a perfect Porky's for the 90's...HOWEVER...the \\"Unrated Version\\" isn't worth the extra hype.  It's supposedly \\"raunchier\\" than the original, but it's  not.  The only difference I found was a slight difference in the infamous \\"pie scene.\\"  I won't ruin it for you, but I will tell you that I liked to version that made the movie better than the supposed \\"raunchy\\" version.  I still can't figure out what was \\"raunchier\\" about it. Do yourself a favor and get the rated version.  Don't buy into the hype.
B000002J0B|5.0|This IS Led Zeppelin. I find this one to be their most solid work. It's the first one I bought and is still the standard of how I rate their other albums.  Definately my favorite. From the very first (hard-hitting) notes  of Page's sweet sounding guitar in TheSongRemainsTheSame you know you're in  for something special. TheRain Song is definately one of the most beautiful  guitar pieces I've ever heard. Over theHills  goes w/out saying- a classic  (and yes, still enjoyable after I've heard it on the radio on the radio 100  times)TheCrunge is a little wacky but skip to DancingDays and you'll want  to dance. D'yerMak'er used to bug me until I actually got this album and  after a few more listens it became one my fav's.NoQuarter is a nice way to  calm down before going to TheOcean--This song ROCKS -there is no other way  to put it. The triumphant closing of this song makes you want to  immediately start this track over and do it again. Satisfaction guaranteed  for all those serious about their guitar rock.  Thank you.
0800177177|5.0|Of course it is admittedly different from the novel due to adaptations made for it to be a cinematic success, as all movie adaptations are. But even if you are crazy about the novel this is THE BEST movie portrayl of  Dracula to be found (i know because I own them all) The mood and the  talented acting will swallow you into the movie from beginning to end with  great special effects to boot. Excellent to watch with your signifcant  other and a cornerstone for anyone's collection (horror buff or not)
0684874350|5.0|Just finished &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; a few minutes ago.  Couldn&quot;t wait to pass on my opinion of it.  This was my first biography and certainly won&quot;t be my last.  Frank McCourt tells his story in such a way it kept me wanting more.  Also, my 12 year old daughter would listen  intently as I read excerpts to her or retold parts that weren't too  explicit for her.  We were both in awe of the brevity of the poverty the  McCourt family endured.  I don't think either of us will look at the  unfortunate people of this world or our own hunger the same, ever again. I  am getting ready to start the second book &quot;Tis: A Memoir.&quot;
B00002E23H|5.0|this movie has it all it has great special effects and the shark is very realistic, it is also full of surprises, but don't take my word for it see it yourself, I'd also have to say this movie was better than jaws.(A+)
0060919760|5.0|I was in high school and messed up.....  I was picked on and ridiculed.  I had a very low self esteem.  I got ahold of this book and it opened my eyes.  I grew leaps and bounds.  Most of the books I had read up to this  point would leave you knowing you were a mess, but did not explain how to  fix it.  I couldn't wait for his next book Pull your own Strings, but this  book was just a rehash of the first. If you are letting people control you  and need to get a grip this is a must read. I found the last chapter hard  to deal with. I am now 40 and happy. I will enjoy reading this book again  and rechecking the last chapter
0449002632|4.0|I had not read Rutherfurd's other books when I picked up London, but I imagined that it was much in the epic style of James Michner whom I have read extensively.  In a sense I was correct, but I was unprepared for the  complexity of this book.  It is easy to understand that the main character  of the book is the city itself, the sheer number of other characters is a  little overwelming.  Where Michner takes a few families through the  vagarities of history, Rutherfurd throws several families at us who are  continuously intermarrying throughout the history of the city.  After a  while it got a little difficult to follow who was who, but it did not  hinder my enjoyment of the characters at any particular moment whether he  was a wealthy 3rd century Roman or a poor 19th century  East-Ender.<br />However, the most fascinating aspect of this book was the  historical growth of London.  With each chapter, Rutherfurd reveals more  and more characteristics of London such as how certain areas acquired their  names or their architectual features.  Rutherfurd shows us how gradually  the Thames went from the greatest uniter of the people of London to its  greatest divider.<br />All in all, though London didn't keep me reading until  four in the morning, I always looked forward to picking it up again the  next day.
B0000039LE|5.0|When I first saw this movie,I knew no other movie with an insane killer in it could compare. The plot is the best you are ever going to find. A movie about a day that every one should be wearey about. Jamie Lee Curtis, and  Donald Pleasance couldn't be better. You should also take note of the  director, John Carpenter. He is one of the great's along with George  Romero.
B000002INR|5.0|I REALLY ENJOY SKID ROWS MUSICAND JUST WANTED TO SHARE THAT WITH THE LISTENERS OF SKID ROW.
6303421563|5.0|This was one of the first films I saw Natalie Protman in, and one of the best. She and Jean Reno are two of the greatest actors out there. Natalie's performance was memorable and outstanding. Luc Besson did a great job  directing it.
B000001FA4|4.0|That might sound like an unusual title for this review, but it does have that 'tone'.  Like 'The Unforgettable Fire' paintings, the music from this CD tends to blur certain forms both from a sonic perspective as well as a  songwriting perspective.  Brian Eno's influence has guided U2 away from the  standard rhythm section arrangements (gtr, bass, drums, vocals) in favor of  a more ambiguous setup.  The treatments create a murkier, from the swamp  feel to the album that blur the lines between instruments.  Eno's influence  also marks a change in songwriting direction for the band.  With the  exception of 'Pride', gone are the standard verse/chorus and verse/refrain  song and lyric forms.  The end result is an 'art' or 'progressive' CD from  what would become the world's biggest band.
B000001ESJ|5.0|I can't say that I'm a loyal Rush fan, but when this album came out in the 1970's I was in awe over the uniqueness of the music.  No one comes close to the lyrical genius of Neil Peart. It can be classified as heavy metal at  times but you won't be head banging to any of it.  It's a music all to its  own.  Cygnus X-1 is my personal favorite.  How many songwriters can make a  great song out of a black hole?<br />I have only chosen 15 albums with 5 stars  and this is one of them.  I did this to differentiate the great ones from  the others.  Click on my name above to see if your musical taste is similar  to mine.
B000002JSN|5.0|The fourth album may be the popular choice as their best, but I think Physical Graffiti is the work that sets them head and shoulders above their imitators.<br />This disc demonstrates what their imitators never get right.   Good compositon, good playing, and diverse musical influences are what make  this CD so great.  <br />With their use of odd time meters,polyrhythms, middle  eastern tonalities, this CD stylistically probably stands alongside the  work from progressive artists such as Yes, Genesis, and ELP instead of  heavy metal artists Black Sabbath and Deep Purple.<br />This is proof that Led  Zeppelin was more than just heavy blues music.  This is the essential  Zeppelin CD to have.
1560689986|5.0|It's hard to sum up all that's good about this movie.  It hits right at home to the fanatics who blindly follow religious doctrine.  It's slapstick humor but I think it's more of a non-fiction movie on human psychology.<br />A  must-see movie. Monty Python's best!
B000001EAQ|4.0|This CD may not have the sense of adventure that Achtung Baby and Zooropa had, but the lyrics are some of the best and most personal that Bono has ever done.<br />'Pop', at least musically, seems to lack the sense of  exploration that the rest of the 90s U2 music displayed.  The band had  seemed to arrive at a point musically where the music doesn't progress into  new territory.  <br />My personal view about 'Pop' is similar to 'Rattle and  Hum'.  Both CDs are a collection of well written songs that come at a  certain endpoint in their career.  Even though 'Pop' received lukewarm  reviews and was a relative commercial disappointment, the CD will be  remembered for some truly great songs and as a close to Chapter 2 to U2's  career.  We'll just have to wait and see how Chapter 3 unfolds.  It will  probably be different from what we've previously heard and the exploration  and adventure will be back.
0783110871|5.0|The acting was solid and effects o.k for early cgi. So what gives, I know people hate remakes as a standard did they think this was a remake?
6304494653|5.0|This is a very sweet and touching story about a teen-ager from New York trying to fit in at a snobby California area.  The most touching and enjoyable scenes are the scenes between Daniel and Mr. Myagi. Daniel, who  has no father, bonds with Mr. Myagi, who has no family.  Mr. Myagi gives  him the protection he needs and also wisdom and courage.  It is such an  uplifting movie.  The end makes you cry with happiness.  Very enjoyable  movie for all ages.
0140011749|5.0|Gets the ball of wax rolling, don't you know?  Please don't be alarmed by the first story, which finds Bertie uncharacteristically smitten with the f. of the s.  You've got to give the egg some slack for what he may have  stumbled into whilst Jeeves-less.  Still, it'll all come right in the end,  what?
B000023VR6|5.0|Dre remains a powerhouse of hip hop, tha beatz, tha lyrics are off tha hook. Only a true hata would say this album is wack. If ya dissin Dre,  ya dissin yaself fool!
0684872153|4.0|The book was written in &quot;Irish.&quot; It had me thinking about what was written and then trying to gain the meaning of the words. It was certainly, from this edge, a good read. I was also overwhelmed by the many  tragedies that befelt the McCourts, but also ammused at other parts. For  instance when Frank was troubled by his new brothers name and his mother  sent him to his room. She asks if he wants to come down and if he had  apprecation yet for his new brothers name. He replied that he still felt  the name was bad. She exclaimed that she would surely &quot;rue&quot; his  underside. He not knowing what this meant, but thought it sounded  dangerous, got his act together.  From the sometimes humor to the agonizing  poverty, the book keeps your inerest alive.
0670647500|5.0|I thought Rubin Carter was very moving.  The movie was great also
0440219078|5.0|I recently wrote an essay on this book. My topic was about how there can never be a perfect society. Our society today isn't great but if we force away the bad things then the good things will go with it. Just like in the  Giver. This bookgoes very deep and I would not recommend it to anyone under  8th or 9th grade. this book is really an adult book written so that a 5th  grader could read it.(despite the newberry)  This is a really meaningfull  book and I like it very much.
0553278398|4.0|If you read Foundation and left wondering more about Hari Seldon, the man, as I did then this is a great book.  If you hope that this book will provide some deep insight into psychohistory this is not the book to read.  If you have never read the Foundation series before, this would be a fine  book to start with.  However I think it is a little lacking in the level of  richness and detailed plot that the other books have.  It is however still  a fun book to read.
068484267X|3.0|And I don't know if that is a recommendation, or not.  Yes, I know Mr. McCourt is a Pulitzer Prize winner; yes, I know this book has been made into a movie.  But I kept finding myself wondering if I could go on to yet  one more chapter or sadness, poverty, devestation, etc.  Well written? Of  course.  Compelling?  Not for me.  There was a reason I put off reading  this, even though I owned my copy for over a year.  I was right.  This is  part of the reason I don't read any of Oprah's picks.  This kind of reading  is not for me, but I know why many others might enjoy it, in the meer fact  that it is superbly written.
B000001GBJ|5.0|The past several years I have been drawn to all things Celtic, and I am enchanted by the music that is identified with this.  While maybe not traditionally Celtic, this music has strains of it that I enjoy.  Not only  are the music and lyrics gorgeous, but if you lay back and close your eyes,  a wonderful landscape will appear to your mind's eye and you are magically  transformed to the &quot;Secret Garden&quot;...  Delightful!
0679735909|3.0|I have just finished this book...very well read as a Book-on-Tape. I have just skimmed all the other reviews and I have to side with the reviewers who felt there wasn't enough character development. I never got much into  the characters; especially the modern ones. Still, the plot was very good.  I only wish that that Barbara Vine/Ruth Rendell, who is a genius at these  double-plot type novels, could have had HER way with this story. THEN the  reader would have had both the great stories AND the fascinating characters  these story lines deserved! Also, as I skimmed the other reviews, I wonder  that no one seemed to pick up on the dangling thread story of the maid in  the Ash household who became pregnant and disappeared? I think that we were  led to assume that Ash was the probable father of the baby and then...is it  too farfetched to think...that Roland was descended from this baby? Did no  one notice that this story, told by Ellen, just disappeared? This is why  Maud and Roland were drawn together...it fits perfectly. Any thoughts on  this?
0399143904|3.0|Rainbow Six is an interesting read, but it's not up to the level of Clancy's previous work.  John Clark and Ding Chavez are still great characters, and the insight into their family life is good, but the plot is  sloppy and predictable, the anti-environmentalist stance is thrown in the  reader's face ad nauseam, and the brutality of the situations, while  necessary, is repetitious and eventually tiresome.  I became thoroughly  sick of the phrase &quot;splattered brains&quot; and its less than subtle  variations.  I am looking forward to the next book in the Jack Ryan  universe, but I hope it's written with more care than this.  Clark and  Chavez are great, but bring back Jack!
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine is one of my favorite female singers. Every song of hers is my favorite but my absolute favorite is #10 &quot;That's The Way It Is.&quot; A lot of these lyrics in this song remind me of my personal life...
B00000G6QK|5.0|This is an example of several musical masters utilizing their genius through sound.  This cd truly has magnificent range and a masterful mix of collaborative jazz fusion.  Billy C puts together some of the most amazing  solos and rhythms one could imagine.  Duke and Johnson - need I say more?   This is a definite winner!
B00000JGEI|5.0|Arnold Shwarzenneggar returns as the killing machine created by Cyberdyne Systems.  His mission to protect young John Connor, the leader of the human resistance.  This time a T-1000 returns with less than honest intentions.   The chase is spectacular with Arnie looking cool.   Not as much depth or  story as the original but it still manages to keep the watcher inthralled.   If I was an action fan, a sci-fi fan or Arnie fan buy this, you won't  regret.  Just make sure you buy the Director's Cut and the original as  well.
B000000H48|5.0|This album is very good and definetly not boring. Songs are long and tempo changes many times. Guitar work is excellent like always
B000002MG1|5.0|This CD is truly impeccable, except for the blemmish of song #5.  Every song is great and differant.  My favorite is song 2, Try not to Breathe, and of course it has the classics, Nightswimming, Man On the Moon and  Everybody Hurts.  This is a MUST BUY!
B000000H42|5.0|This album changed the whole metal world, it's evil, heavy and fast. Beware pop-pickers...
0964385619|5.0|It is that book that humbles the individual, it triggers us to take a good look at ourself, evaluate our situation and demands a CHANGE mode if we admit that we have been in the &quot;Rat Race&quot; all this while.<br />I  have changed and although it was tough initially and now enjoying a new  lease of life not having to worry so much about the daily don'ts but  focusing on tomorrows do's.<br />Read it for your self and hopefully it will  help find a better and happier U.
B000000H4A|5.0|This album is a great start from King. Songs are very melodic and Andy plays his guitar so...
0671510991|5.0|Having recently become very interested in history and politics, I can't say enough about how informative and exciting this book is. It gives even the novice like me an understanding of the events themselves, the reasons  why governments acted the way they did, and a context of these events in  their time and their benefits to America today.  With more books like this  we really can learn from our mistakes.
B000031XCR|5.0|To some of the negative people, if you're going to go out on a limb and write a trashy review, at least spell the words correctly!  That being said, this is a great CD and definitely worth a listen.  I'm not a Sinatra  fan, but was pleasantly surprised by &quot;All the Way&quot;.  Celine,  unlike many of today's artists, can sing many different styles of music and  do it well.
6305657939|4.0|Really good movie!  Not an action film as advertised but does manage to keep the audience in suspense.  The story is about an extremely wealthy man (Pierce Bronson) who has done it all and is in constant search of something new and exciting to do; which ultimately leads him into becoming an art  thief.  This course of action gets him involved in a game of cat and mouse  with a woman(Rene Russo) who works for the insurance agency that's trying  to find the art culprit.......The highlight of the movie is Dennis Leary.   He plays a cop who is working along with the insurance agency.  SHAME-SHAME  however on Rene Russo, her character is very annoying and seems to be in  the way in certain scenes.  In addition, she has several topless scenes in  the movie and quite frankly the scenes take away from the film because we  as the audience get to see how old and out of shape she really is and are  left wondering why the wealthy Bronson would find her more attractive then  the other women in the film.  Bronson himself, of course, puts in a  wonderful performance.  It's very easy to believe that he's a wealthy man.   So all in all this movie is worth seeing.
B000001IPL|5.0|This could be their best album, if not Ixnay on the Hombre or Ignition. All songs are good except &quot;Killboy Powerhead&quot; and &quot;So Alone&quot;. If you like Americana, you probably won't like this. Americana  is horrible. Buy Smash.
B000002ADT|5.0|This is the one. Sell all your other cds and buy this one. If you like any kind of music you'll love this. It's the best. There is no other. What are you waiting for? Order it!
B000002C1X|5.0|Pink Floyd in my opinion is quite simply one of the greatest rock bands of all time. There style is all there own and has not yet been successfully duplicated. This cd proves that &quot;The Wall&quot; defines who Pink Floyd  is musically speaking of course. This cd is only a beginning I recommend  all of Pink Floyd's cd's Im sure they will be enjoyed as thoroughly as  &quot;The Wall&quot;
6303402348|4.0|Forrest Gump is definitely one of &quot;those&quot; movies. You know the ones, where you're left speechless at the sheer greatness of it. Tom Hanks, undoubtedly one of the top actors worldwide, puts on a brilliant  performance, with a perfectly retarded drawl (or at least I thought so). A  top-class movie except for the fact that it is against my beliefs entirely!  That's the reason for only four stars.
6302869390|5.0|We can only hope this will be released again someday.  One of the greatest concerts, and concert films ever.  Remember that this show was almost 30 years ago, with many of the participants already superstars then.  30 years  later, Bob Dylan and Eric Clapton are still big contributors, while Ringo  Starr, George Harrison, and Leon Russell are still alive and kicking.   Maybe George Harrison's recent unfortunate attack will revive some interest  in this.
B000001E7L|5.0|Possibly thier best body of work, this album can rock your socks off, while dealing with family issues that could make you cry, and long for home.  Her voice penetrates this cd, and sticks in your head for a long  time.  Another one of the cd's that I can listen to from cover to cover.
0316920045|4.0|Infinite Jest: picked it up when I heard. David Foster Wallace is supposed to be the hip, new guru. A dictionary-sized novel. Enter stuttering prep school boy, a furtive pot addict, and other scorching souls. What I like  about it is that it is so SCHIZOPHRENIC!  I mean, have you ever heard  anyone say that people with mental disorders cannot help but fill in ALL  the tiny, little spaces when they draw? Well I do that. And I'm willing to  bet so does David Foster Wallace. Not that he exhausts every point to no  end. On the contrary, he gathers loose pieces of yarn and draws them into  his story. Footnotes (I did not know until after I wrote my article) which  tell bits and pieces of Wallace's mind--references to fact, often to  fiction.  Witty descriptions of films concepts, lists of pharmaceutical  terms, and so on. A purging of the facts one carries with him/herself.   Anyway it's not necessarily to a fault that this book is ruthlessly  referenced in academia--Ezra Pound did it!--and it's rendered in such a  beautifully, Carverian-clinical way!
B000000W3G|5.0|I bought this on a whim, and it turned out to be great.  There are a lot of cover songs, and some interesting originals.  I wasn't a big fan of theirs unti I bought this, and then I went back and bought their studio  albums.
0440203856|5.0|When I picked up this novel I had no idea how much it would change my life. It puts you right in the middle of the Russian Revolution where you meet Zoya, the cousin of the doomed Romanovs. She is forced to flee to  France with her grandmother and start over as a poor woman. In this book  the emotions flow thick with the gentle but rich and heavy words. When I  read this beautiful book it was like a dam was breaking free and flooding  my mind with so many beautiful images and pictures. When I put the book I  thanked the world and God for such a wonderful and moving novel. I highly  recommend this book.
6305627401|5.0|Believe it or not, this movie is a comedy classic.  It is in no way ment for kids, it's for adults, and that's ok.  This movie crosses lines, that haven't even been drawn yet, and they anticipated any controvery, and made  that the plot!  The fact that it is a musical, makes it even better, the  songs are catchy, and you will find yourself singing them at work.  This  movie will go down in history, and even if you don't like the show, you  will appreciate the film.  My dad even liked it, and now owns it on DVD!
0783235968|5.0|Every time I watch this movie I always find something new.  I could list all the things I found but I'll probably be writing for days.  One of the best baseball films of all time.  This is probably Costner's best role  ever.  Liotta is wonderful as Shoeless Joe.
B000001OAA|5.0|This was their debut album, and at the time I thought it was a masterpiece.  It's still good, and I can listen to it from cover to cover, but Version 2.0, took them to another level.  It was nice to see them grow.   This album is a little more ruff around the edges, darker, but her lyrics  and tone are powerful, and can bring you to your knees. What a beginning,  to what will hopefully be a long career.
B00002Z88D|5.0|For die-hard fans of many bands greatest hits albums are usually a waist of time as they tend to contain very little new material.  S&amp;M is a prime example of this, having only two new tracks on the whole album.   However, (and this is a BIG however) not only are all the tracks on this  album performed live and loud to an obviously loyal audience, but they are  done with the assisstance of the San Fransisco Symphony Orchestra, which  breathes new life into already outstanding music.  Particular tracks to  note are Memory Remains (ReLoad) and Nothing Else Matters (Ride the  Lightning), both of which were already powerful tracks in their own right  but have been given an added edge which makes them truly brilliant.<br />Even  if you own Metallica's entire back catalogue you have never heard anything  like this.
0345350499|5.0|Anyone interested in the Arthurian legends *must* read &quot;Mists of Avalon&quot;. It is a rare perspective that draws away somewhat from the classic male-oriented legends presented in Sir Thomas Malory's &quot;Le  Morte D'Arthur&quot;, instead interweaving the tale with the life of  Morgaine. The book offers a look at Britain from the vantage point of  Avalon as opposed to that of Camelot, likewise pitting the more equalist  paganism of the times against a view of early Christianity perhaps none of  us would expect - or want to. Those points in the classic legends that  cause confusion are clarified beautifully in this book, and the characters  themselves are vividly real. Bradley has written about what I often  wondered - whether the women in the classic legends could really be as  futile as they were portrayed. A warning, though: be sure to put away all  sharp objects and have a box of tissues handy. The book is a poignant one.
B00002EPMF|4.0|Existence is purely a state of being. Turning the state of being into an art form is very tricky business. This especially rings true in the musical sense with all the limitations of genre and the expectations of fans and  record labels. A very fragile existence it becomes for a musician. After  having redefined the genre of thrash and laying the groundwork for death  metal with his first legendary band, Death, Chuck Schuldiner returns to a  more traditional metal style with his new ensemble Control Denied to prove  he is doing ever so more than just existing musically. The music may have  overtones of more melodic thrash or progressive metal but the overall tone  is unmistakable Schuldiner's. A virtuoso guitarist, accomplished writer and  arranger and a skilled producer Schuldiner brings to the table with Control  Denied years of experience writing aggressive music. His natural ability to  translate angst into complex musical arrangements that explore a multitude  of sounds while remaining * The tight musicianship and progressive song  writing of Control Denied is a mark of the excellence carried over from  previous efforts by Death. Recruiting Tim Aymar for the vocal duties  actually presents the biggest difference between the former incarnation of  the Death sound and the new direction of Control Denied. The semi-operatic  shrieks of Aymar are a far cry from the gut wrenching growls in Death and  at times have a very European power metal influence.  For Schuldiner, the  Fragile Art of Existence represents a welcome musical change for him,  allowing him to expand on melodic ideas and concepts that could only be  touched on for breif moments in death metal. This musical growth sees an  even greater level of musical complexity with blast beats working behind  counter melodies and thrash guitar being incorporated into fusion-esque  solos.  All in all, Schuldiner's Control Denied has reigned in all previous  musical expectations, turned them aback and brought forth anew beast armed  with aggression and finesse and fully capable of defining a genre much like  it's predecessor once had.
0684867621|5.0|While Stephen King continually gains respect from literary critics, his work remains controversial to many.  People often dismiss him out of hand as a crass horror author.  Rather than being so narrow minded, I would suggest reading this book.  I will freely admit to being a fan of his work  since I was in junior high, and as a fan, I felt that this novel took me  places that even King's work sometimes misses.  I was IN those woods,  feeling every bug bite and painful bodily function that Trisha went  through.  I held my breath and read non-stop to see if she would make it  out.  And most importantly, I totally bought into her faith in Tom  Gordon--if she could just believe enough, he would be her savior.  Yet, he  was also a part of her own mind, so in essence, she was her own savior.  This work displays King's ability to leap outside of the horror pigeon-hole  in which so many place him.  His writing ascends to the lyric, while  retaining its everyman feel.  I think that this book could convert even  King-haters into his camp.  I've recommended it to a few that I know and  the results have been completely positive.  Even if you do not usually read  Stephen King's work, try this--I think that you'll find it hard to put  down.
6302648750|1.0|I was throughly bored by this generally unfunny movie.  It was stupid wanna be slapstick humor involving dead people that just dont die.  i would have to rate it among the worst movies I have ever seen
B000002UAX|5.0|How can you help but LOVE this album? no, we do not have to call it the 'white CD' now, it's perfectly FINE with me if we call it the White Album. I love these guys, this album accurately demonstrates the beautiful  versatility that four guys from liverpool were able to achieve. John  couldn't even read music! yet, he managed to produce some of the most  amazing rock songs EVER!  This album is an absolute gem, John, Paul, and  George really display their song-writing abilities. I love 'Julia' Mother  Nature's Son, 'While My Guitar Gently Weeps'. Not to mention the brash  social commentary in  'piggies'. There is no better way to follow-up Sgt.  Pepper.
1556154844|5.0|I was looking for a C(++) primer and stumbled on this book.  It was the best investment I could have ever made on programming concepts.     All my schooling was pretty much shot after I read this book.    This is a MUST  for those of you looking to right &quot;perfect&quot; code - or near as you  want.     After reading this book you will be able to not only write code  (of your choice) but write it with a &quot;clean-ness&quot; not found in  standard code.   A must BUY - 5 stars all the way.   I agree with one  comment that says &quot;you will see other peoples mistakes - after reading  this book&quot; - and even thiugh he thinks of this as a negative - I use  it a a positive - to be able to &quot;clean-up&quot; my own code.
6301902645|5.0|I've heard nothing but bad comments about this film from film critics for years and nothing but GREAT comments from everyone else. The critics pan it for it's lack of dialog or less than spectacular storyline. What they are  not seeing is that this was not a film that was written with a story in  mind-it's a film that was built around an audio-visual and emotional event  first. The storyline/dialog was added afterwards. Like one reviewer here  wrote: &quot;WHO CARES ABOUT THE STORY&quot;.<br />This film documents Les  Vingt Quatre Heures Du Mans in the best possible way. It captures the  pageantry, life, the speed and fury unlike any racing film I've ever seen  (the only thing I can think of better, short of being a driver in the race,  would be the release of the video game). It is the best documentary of what  life at that circuit is like during those 24 hours-I know, I've been  there.<br />If you've ever wanted to go to Le Mans, BUY THIS VIDEO. If you've  ever heard of Le Mans but don't really know about it BUY THIS VIDEO. If  you're a NASCAR fan BUY THIS VIDEO-there really is more to life than just  driving in ovals-lots more!<br />Have an AWESOME day! Mark Gilvey THE  UNOFFICIAL SPECTATOR
0425107469|5.0|This is the first novel I ever read written by Koontz, and to this day I must confess that it is still my favorite.  Indeed, it may very well be my favorite book of all time.<br /> The strength of the story, of course, lies  with &quot;Einstein&quot;, and his interaction with the other characters in  the story.  I'm not a dog lover by any stretch of the imagination, but I  fell for this dog deeply.  Koontz does a brilliant job of describing  Einstein's feelings (read the book and this statment will make more sense,  I assure you), so as you begin to view the dog as a human.  It happens so  gradually through the novel that you don't even realize it till it's too  late.<br /> The main theme of this book is LOYALTY.  Not just with Einstein  and the other characters, but more so with the humans he comes into contact  with.  I'm not sure if Koontz is a dog lover or not, but he sure made one  out of me!<br /> I have read this book more times than I care to mention, and  each time I am still filled with the same emotions at the same incerpts on  the same pages...This novel is indeed THAT powerful.  Regardless of whether  you enjoy pets or not, do yourself a favor, and read this novel.
630521610X|3.0|though this isn't really a horror movie, it's got a whole lot of references to 'em. &amp; it kinda openned the doorway for today's horror movies like &quot;i know what you did...&quot;. so if you're gonna watch  this hoping it'll be scary, you're wasting you're time. it's amusing, but  definitely not that funny. real horror fans may find the excessive dialogue  tedious. i'm sure it would have been better if wes craven wrote the story  too. this exact review can also be used for &quot;scream 2&quot; :o)
B00000K31Q|5.0|This movie made me laugh, cry, and had a great plot. I loved the music, it definitly helped describe the actor's emotions. The actor's all were good in thier rolls and they fit the parts perfectly. The character I most  relate to is Bianca, and a little bit of Kat. :)
6304083769|2.0|I haven't seen a whole huge ammount of anime, but to me this movie just seemed to drag on. Just seemed to try much too hard to be complex and intellectual, it ended up boring and long. I don't really think a movie  'needs' huge weaponry and loads of nudity or blood to be good, this just  seemed boring.
0446525537|5.0|I don't know what book some of the other reviewers read because I'll always remember the walk.      Instead of spoon-feeding the reader the ending of the book, Sparks allows you your own interpretation of the facts  which makes it even more intriguing.       I just finished the book at 2  a.m. this morning and can't decide which ending I believe. I know the one I  want to believe, but Landon's looking up to the sky at the end makes me  have my doubts, and what he said about the ring makes me a little uneasy  too. I'm just not sure what &quot;the miracle&quot; was. I don't wanna give  it away, but you've GOT to read it! It will enrich your soul.       It  takes a lot to get my emotions flowing, but Sparks gives a lot. Those  cynics who don't like it are lacking in the soul department. He gets an A+  in my book.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|After purchasing this movie and seeing it again since it was originally released, I could only conclude that Mel Gibson loved this movie. The visuals provided by the brilliant Dante Spinotti have to be some of the  most beautiful ever logged on 35mm. Although some review I read said that  Madeline Stowe &quot;lost her accent&quot; at times and was a bad casting  decission, I couldn't imagine anyone else in the role. Her passion and  beauty are perfect for this film. I'm not saying this film is better than  Braveheart, but somethings smack familiar (themes, music, etc.).  If you  have never seen it, your loss. A modern classic
185984054X|4.0|To the reader from Tennessee below, the reason it is important to read this book - and important to find out if Hitchens' allegations are true - is because Mother Teresa was a very powerful woman who set up a series of  medical facilities which are still in operation.  One of Hitchens' most  disturbing criticisms - which has since been confirmed by former members of  the Congregation - is that the millions of dollars' worth of donations sent  to Mother Teresa by people like you and me were NEVER used to make these  clinics more sanitary or to provide basic medical care for the indigent  people who arrived at their doorstep.  The reason, Hitchens says, that  Mother Teresa is known for her work with the dying is that so many people  died in her clinics!  Listen, folks, if even *one* person died  unnecessarily, that's one too many and more than enough justification for  Hitchens to conduct this long-overdue investigation!
B000005IU1|5.0|First there was music, then there was The Stooges, and then nothing mattered anymore. Detroit's original bad boys turn it loose on their monster debut record. This one never got the recogniton it deserved.  Contains all the early classics...I wanna be your Dog, No Fun, and the  blistering 1969... A must for anyone into punk, rock and roll, metal, or  glam.....
6305657947|2.0|If you will wait for a couple of years, nothing will be lost. In this movie, there is no point, no storyline and as happy ending you can see a mile away. 40 minutes through the movie, I knew what the ending was. My  girlfriend, apparently was not exactly interested since she was quietly  sleeping 30 minutes through. Marketing people really do deserve higher pay  for doing such a good job in making sure that we all get to watch it.
0767830520|5.0|DeNiro, is creepy brillant in this cult classic. Scorsese takes clever to a new level. The misadventures, of a mentally tormented cabbie turned vigilante hero in New York City. There's alot of familar faces, classic  dialogue, and infamous imagery. Everyone must see this movie....
0525244581|5.0|I felt that this book was great because it proved that taoism is really a simple matter and not half as complicated as scholars try to make it out to be.
B00001YXH5|3.0|It shouldn't be a surprise that Cirque du Soleil is impossible to capture on film (or tape).  It can barely be contained in a tent!  <br />As a video, Quidam itself is fun -- as well done as one could hope -- but it will mean  considerably less to one who never saw the show live.  For those of us who  have, the tape is an agreeable souvenir, but the sheer visceral impact of a  Cirque show is missing.<br />Case in point:  the main-a-main, or handbalancing  act.  Live -- in a darkened arena, with eerie, intense sound and strange,  allegorical images of death hovering overhead -- this spectacular  performance becomes a metaphor for age and the human struggle against it.   On the tape, it's simply two amazingly strong athletes performing a  remarkable act.  Impressive, but it loses all of its emotional impact.<br />Go  see Cirque live whenever, wherever you can.  You'll never be disappointed  (besides, every show is a little different).  But I don't recommend buying  a tape of a Cirque show until after you see it live -- when it can remind  you of this amazing troupe's conception and performance, rather than  introduce it.
B000002LQR|5.0|I think this is definately the best cd i've ever heard.  music will come and go but this stays forever
0380804557|4.0|Cotton-candy light and highly entertaining, this a most enjoyable way to pass a couple of hours.  Gaiman constructs a magical world and populates it with vivid, fantastic characters that completely immerses the  reader.<br />This is a book that - with the exception of one moment of  profanity and an instance of sensuality - I can easily see reading to my  children.  A fairy tale with wit, there is something for everyone here.  My  one quibble is that, as interesting as it is, I would have loved to get to  know more about the varied and intriguing cast of characters.  As it is, a  highly recommended diversion.
0920668372|5.0|I first heard this book when I was at a conference and it brought tears to everyones eyes.  The meaning this book brings across is one to hold on to and remember all through your life.  This is a very touching story to read no matter what age you are.
B00003XB8K|5.0|I just bought this CD...and although it reminds me of all the other ones enigma has put out, this one has a ring of something different.  I feel that he reflects in the changing times and musical preferences, and by  changing beats and instruments he produces a collaboration of what is old  and what is popular, great album!
B000003BEM|5.0|This and Sticker Fingers are what I love about The Stones. Everything else I can do without but Beggar's Banquet is one of the CDs I listen to quite frequently. It starts off strong is very consistent throughout and ends  strong. It's just a great album that you anyone who loves Rock N Roll  should get.
B00003XB8K|2.0|Not a terrible CD, but easily the worst of all four Enigma CDs.  I was hoping to hear something new from Cretu, and the first three tracks really grabbed my attention with the operatic voices (in the past he used  Gregorian chants).  However, the remainder of the CD falls into uninspiring  remixes and rehashes of the music styles and sound bytes of his previous  three Enigma CDs.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is just simply one of the best movies of all time. As you can see, there are more than 1,400 reviewers for this movie (&amp; growing), and PRACTICALLY all of us have come to an accord that this movie is just simply  GREAT! I'm sure most people have already seen this, so i'm not going to  start explaining the plot now...but I will tell you that this movie has  sure won over me and my love and obsession for it. (Let's just say that The  Matrix has had as much impact on ppl's personal lives as the last BIG movie  called Titanic...come on, most movies you don't talk about OR EVEN REMEMBER  after the next day! ) Let me just say to those who say they don't like it  just for the sake of it, or for being &quot;different,&quot; YOU ARE JUST  PLAYer HATING AND BEING CYNICAL!      &quot;Free your mind&quot; and you  might have the PRIVILEGE to enjoy The Matrix as the great movie that it is.   =)&lt;(I would just like to say 'Great job!' to the WHOLE cast)
B00000JY1X|5.0|As another reviewer said, the lo-fi instrumentation and arrangements sound great on a good stereo.  I think this is mainly because the true tinniness of the ukelele, synths and drum machines form an elegant backdrop for  Stephen Merrit's low key vocal stylings (and those of his  co-consipirators). If you liked other Magnetic Fields recordings you'll  love this.  If you loved Leonard Cohen's &quot;I'm Your Man&quot;, you'll  love this.  If you're a music critic who thinks albums that stick to a  single genre are boring, you'll love this.  If you don't care about lyrics  and love melody, you'll love it.  If you never listen to lyrics and only  want something to hum, you'll love it.<br />The lyrics are inspired, and the  tunes keep me humming for hours.  Some, like my wife,  consider this kind  of melodic and lyrical catchiness a bug rather than a feature, so consider  yourself warned.<br />This is also the album most likely to cause guests to  say 'what the hell is this?' followed an hour or two later with 'where can  I get this?'<br />For calibration, the other albums jostling for airplay on  my system are Johnny Cash's American Recordings, Moby's Play, anything by  Tortoise, anything by Dan Bern, Leonard Cohen's I'm Your Man, and Sonny  Rollins' Saxophone Collossus.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Enigma has been making great music ever since 1990 and this album for the new millenium does not disappoint.  It kind of blends the first 3 albums but makes a whole new (and beautiful) sound.  I personally found all the  tracks to be good in one way or another, but some of the stronger tracks  are &quot;Push the Limits&quot;, and &quot;Between Heart &amp; Mind&quot;.  What can I say I love all the tracks. If you like good trip-hoppish beats  and great sounds and melodies. This album is for you.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Michael Cretu is a musical God.  Right when you think he'll go back to his original style, he amazes us with a completely new one.  With Hip Hop and Techno influences this time, he takes you on a wild ride into a world of  perfection.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Enigma has been making great music ever since 1990 and this album for the new millenium does not disappoint.  It kind of blends the first 3 albums but makes a whole new (and beautiful) sound.  I personally found all the  tracks to be good in one way or another, but some of the stronger tracks  are &quot;Push the Limits&quot;, and &quot;Between Heart &amp; Mind&quot;.  What can I say I love all the tracks. If you like good trip-hoppish beats  and great sounds and melodies. This album is for you.
B000009ED0|5.0|I'm not your normal listener. I can listen to rap, heavy metal, country, just about anything. Kid Rock kills two birds with one stone as far as I'm concerned. It's a mix between rap with a heavy metal edge. I've played it  so much in the last two weeks it should have melted by now. Do yourself a  favor &amp; rock with the kid.
6300268470|5.0|Not only one of the best Westerns ever made, but also a great film on its own.  This was made when Wayne was still way out in front as a box-office draw, and when Dean was proving he was more than an underrated straight man  for Lewis.  Martin was also reported to have picked out his own wardrobe.   Howard Hawks' direction is first rate and the cinematography, acting,  musical score and dialogue are all excellent.  Wayne and Martin play well  off one another and it's too bad they only made one more film together.  (The Sons of Katie Elder)    The sing-along with Martin, Ricky Nelson and  Walter Brennan is priceless!
0375707972|2.0|The book draws you in with Michael and Hanna's relationship at the beginning, and character development would naturally seem to follow - but it doesn't.  Michael has more passion and evokes more interest from the  reader at 15 than at any other point in the book.  I wish more could have  been written about the reasons for Michael's failed relationships and his  generations' attitudes towards the horrors of the holocaust.  The book just  was not very good.  I expected much more from an Oprah book club book.   Don't waste your time.
B00000K3D4|4.0|This is a fantasic movie using styles and originality that today is lost with computer technology. This is a great movie for anyone, I'm almost 20 and it's still one of my favourite movies to watch.     The DVD edition of  this movie is wonderful partly because of the hour long featurette on how  the movie was made and who helped out behind the sceens.  Jim Henson and  George Lucas do an amazing job on this movie and I can't praise it enough.     Both Jennifer Connoly and David Bowie carry the movie with both comedy  and a slight hint of sexual tension, but is easily disregarded. Like I said  above, I can't say enough, but if you're reading this, you're thinking that  I've said enough already.
1573226521|5.0|The Beach is about a guy from England named Richard who makes a trip to Thailand. Upon arriving in Thailand, a Scotish man who goes by the name of &quot;Daffy Duck&quot; gives Richard a hand-drawn map just before comitting  suicide. The map  gives Richard read-between-the-lines directions to  &quot;the beach&quot; which is supposedly a modern-day Eden. He meets up  with a French couple, Francoise and Etienne, and they make their secret  trip to the beach, although they find out that it is the not the Eden or  Utopia they'd orginally thought it would be. One of the great things about  this novel is that the author gives great decriptions of details and  characters which makes it more realistic.
0385495315|5.0|As a novice in the code world, I was fascinated by the history and the details Singh provided in the book.  As mentioned earlier, I too noticed the mistakes in the text, however, were they really mistakes?  Did Singh  somehow imbed a code within the book itself?  I am naively trying to break  the codes in the back of the book, and I looked to the website mentioned  and found nothing.  I don't want to continue with the work if it has  already been done.  Does anyone have any idea about it?  When will the  website be up and running?  Read the book, it was great.
B000007OY0|5.0|I think this is one of those films that are rarely made these days where there is a story with characters the viewers care about. Anyone who has not seen this film and appreciates good quality cinema, will not regret seeing  this. Not just me, but mostly everyone I have spoken to, have loved this  film. Even those who do not watch films that much. I am not going to go  overboard with my praise because the last thing I want to do is raise  expectations. And what I hate the most is when movies are unnecessarily  hyped and turn out to be damp squibs. I am just giving you my opinion and I  hope this will help you to check out the film. For the storyline of the  film, check out the rest of the viewers reviews.
B00002SWEM|5.0|I think most people who loved the CD, will find that this filmed rendition will take their experience one step further.  This fine film documents Ry Cooder's initiative to gather some of Cuba's finest musicians and create an  album.  &quot;Buena Vista Social Club&quot; allows us a glimpse into the  lives of the musicians, and a haunting tour of run down Havana, a city  longing to be rediscovered as the musicians were. Viewers get a taste of  the passion behind the music, as well as the environment out of which these  masters emerge.<br />Documentaries have a tendency to turn their subjects into  to museum pieces, whereas this film draws us into its sultry rhythms and  quiet passions.  <br />I would strongly recommend this film to those who  desire a good introduction to Caribbean/Latin music but don't want to get  overwhelmed in a sea of repetitive 'merengue' or 'salsa.'  This is the real  thing, played by human beings who know how to keep rhythm because rhythm is  at the very core of their beings.   Those who have access to the DVD format  will maximize their enjoyment of this presentation.  Having additional  material only available on DVD, such as concert footage and musician  information, is like being at a Cuban fiesta where one has a lot of choice  between fine food, excellent drink, and exquisite music.
0684833395|3.0|This book definitely had its good points - Yossarian's antics (&quot;I yearn for you deeply&quot;), the  out-of-sequence structure (yes, I actually liked that), and some of the philosophizing about war which struck  a chord with me - but its annoying points outweighed them in the end.  The  main thing that ruined the book for me was the ridiculously illogical  behavior of almost everyone in the book.  Now, in a military satire, I  expect some ridiculous logic from the commanders, and it's funny at first,  but when EVERYONE behaves without logic or intelligence, it loses its edge  and becomes annoying.  One example:  the Colonel (?) who says &quot;You  mean the enlisted men pray to the same God as the officers?&quot;  OK -  that's not biting satire - that's just plain stupid.  There are endless  examples of this type of ridiculousness, and it turns the novel into a  cartoon.  And please don't give me the &quot;war is insane&quot; line -  while I agree that it is (or can be), the war and characters in Catch-22  are not insane, they are inane.
0425170349|5.0|Tom Clancy is the ultimate writer I know. His latest novel is really one of a kind. The novel really tell us what it would be like to have an anti-terriost force made up by members from various countries special  forces.
630542845X|5.0|If your into things of the Spirit, Then this is a must OWN movie... I can see where folks that don't have a Spiritual eye may not get anything out of this movie, but If your one of those folks who Movies talk too... You will  hear plenty in this one...     My favorite line is when powder says  &quot;There is this little block right here (and points to this girls  forehead) that most people can't see past&quot;...  Get it... You wont be  sorry...
B000003TA4|5.0|I love Nirvana. This CD has to be one of the best CDs of all time. I listen to this CD all the time. It inspires me in my everyday life. Kurt Cobain has left a huge impact in the world of music and will never be  forgotten.
055321263X|5.0|First of all, I'd like to say a word to the reader from Manhattan. I find it hard to believe you thoroughly read this book. How could forget the name of a character as important as Count Fosco? (His name, by the way, is  Fosco, not Falco.) Anyway, about the book . . . it's a super mystery! I was  caught up in the suspense of it all. My favorite character was Marian  because, as the last sentence of the book suggests, she was definitely a  steady, dependable person that Laura and Walter could always count on. If  you love mysteries and suspense novels, this book is perfect for you!
B000023VR6|1.0|I bought this Cd thinking Mr Platinum finally made it back and the old G-days were not totally over. The D-R-E days. This is nothing in comparison to the original Chronic. The man has lost his golden touch. Sad
B000001E7V|5.0|Maxinquaye just blew my mind the first time I heard it. Overcome is the most hypnotic song I've ever heard. Tricky is a musical genius. He did a good job by getting my attention with the first song. I first thought that  no other song on the album could compete with overcome, I was wrong.
0060194995|4.0|I have recently finished Harper Lee's, To Kill A Mockingbird. It is a wonderful book written from the eyes of a child, putting you in her world. Scout and Jem are two very well developed characters that you see grow and  mature through the three year time span in which the novel covers. Their  father, Atticus, is a great example of how the perfect parent should be. He  treats the children as young adults; allowing them to make their own  decisions. Just reading about the children's mysterious neighbor, Boo  Radley, brought back many childhood memories. I truly enjoyed the beginning  when all that Jem, Scout, and Dill wanted to do was sneak a peak at Boo.   Although the book takes a turn into another direction with Tom Robinson's  trial, the ending joins both plots together, making one brilliant  masterpiece. I recommend it for anyone who had a curiousity when they were  younger.
1573226521|5.0|&quot;The Beach&quot; is a fresh, brilliant story of a 24 year old British man, Richard, trying to find himself as is immersed in the culture of Thailand. On his first night, when trying to get some sleep, his neighbor  in the hotel, a bonkers Scottish guy named Daffy Duck says he knows where  paradise is. The next morning, Richard finds a map to this island and finds  Daffy dead. He teams up with an attractive French couple and they head off.  I first picked this up in summer, because &quot;A Life Less Ordinary&quot;  is one of my favorite movies and I wanted to see why the filmmakers were so  interested in this book. I actually finished it on vacation in England, and  I was really blown away by this story. Even though I'm only 17, and this  book supposedly speaks to Gen-Xrs, I found that a lot of the messages in  the book ring true to me and I was surprised how much I could relate to the  central character of Richard, who enjoys immersing himself in a world he  doesn't understand, and is horrified at what he eventually discovers, which  is that &quot;paradise&quot; isn't all that it's cracked up to be. Garland  made a great message about how we try to get away and isolate ourselves  from our modern world it finds us (one of Richard's island buddies has a  GameBoy -- great idea, Garland!), and that paradise can never be a true  reality, because some of those people who want that paradise can cause it's  destruction (Sal, the island leader is case in point), and I loved the  shocking, violent ending where paradise comes crashing down, because it's  residents can really never be free of their outside world. Speaking of  that, the scene -- we get the impression -- is supposed to be EXTREMLY  violent, but Garland thankfully does not go into much detail. Bravo on your  first novel, Mr. Garland. I can't want to explore the rest of the worlds  you create
6304362498|5.0|I'm not here to write a review of the movie with big, fancy words.  I just want to say that this is a five-star movie IF you've read the book already.  Otherwise, there are lots of parts that are not explained and will leave  you in the dark.  Althgether, it fit the image that I was picturing in my  mind while I was reading the book.  MUCH better than earlier versions on  the movie.
630463949X|3.0|A mass of contradictions, this performance.  From high to low:  there's a positively spine-tingling moment in the first encore that gets a more visceral response from me than ANY other moment in any rock video I've  seen.  And Lindsey is a treat to watch -- passionate, engaged, and  musically at peak form.  Mick too looks like he's having fun.  The  musicianship is actually quite good.  And sound and photography are  excellent (thank goodness someone learned from Jonathan Demme that no one  wants to see endless audience shots).  But Christine, Stevie and John all  seem bored to death, and there's a slight undercurrent of antagonism -- the  band members hardly interact at all.
6305177473|5.0|This is such a good movie. I watched it 3 times in a row! And because I had to watch it downstairs in the kitchen because the VCR upstairs wasn't working my family became interested in it too!
B00000K19E|5.0|Hello all Matrix fans!  I was really surprised when I saw this film at the cinema. It was so god! I have never seen a film with so much action and science-fiction. The story of `the Matrix` was brilliant.  Here`s what the  movie is all about! Neo, a computer nerd is locking for an anser.A anser  witch noone can give him, exept from Morpheus.The most dangerous man alive.  One day Neo is introdused to Morpheus and strange things starts to happend.  First Morpheus revivals the real world to Neo!And the trubble ahead is  big.You are n for a big surprise!
0451526384|2.0|after reading P&amp;P and Northanger, i just couldn't slog my way through another of her books. but this one looked more interesting than any of her other works, so i thought, &quot;why not, i'll give it a try.&quot; big  mistake. by far her worst (that i've read, but i still have emma and  s&amp;s to go, and no plans on ever reading mansfield park). but i think it  is safe to say i am not a fan of austen's. she's dull, and she turned an  interesting idea into a dull book. i only gave her two stars instead of one  because the premise behind the book was such a good one.
B000003BF1|5.0|Have your ever waited to long for something then when you get it you say to yourself, I could of had this 14 year ago? I feel stupid. Great R&amp;B. Without a doubt this is the strongest Stones ablum released. &quot;Midnight  Rambler&quot; and &quot;Gimmie Shelter&quot; have shades of Zepplin. Great  for Heads.
0553211978|2.0|another book of hers i've read, and i swear, i can't tell them apart in my mind. it's almost as if you read one, you've read them all. most of them i don't even finish, though i did finish this one. not quite as good as P  &amp; P, but that could just be because that was the first of austen's work  i read, and they all seem like P&amp;P. the ending to northanger was awful.  all tell and no show. but that seems to be a common problem with her, she  summarizes too much and doesn't really tell us a story. still, one of her  worthier books.
B00003E47Z|5.0|This has to be the coolest DVD ever to be released.  If you like Rammstein buy it, and you'll like them even more.  If you don't like Rammstein, you will once you see them perform.  It is simply amazing.  The interview was  also a very cool part of this DVD.  They tell you what their music is  really about and their biography.  It's the best DVD purchase I've ever  made before in my life.  BUY IT!
B00000K0DT|5.0|A great movie for anyone who likes suspence and drama
0792106989|5.0|Only in &quot;The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance&quot; does one enjoy two of America's most enduring and beloved stars- John Wayne and Jimmy Stewart! Despite their advancing years, who else could have possibly played these  roles with such conviction? Add to that perhaps America's greatest  director, John Ford, and the result is a masterpiece- one which was  regretably neglected for years.     Only with several viewings does one  begin to comprehend the many layers of &quot;Liberty Valance&quot;. This is  one of John Wayne's most tragic roles. As the movie progresses you barely  notice how much he sacrifices  himself in order to protect and support  Stewart's Eastern lawyer role. Ultimately, he destroys his very way of  life- that which represents the Old West! Ironically, he and Liberty  Valance are more akin to each other, even though  Valance represents the  evil of that Old West.     Ford tells this story in fascinating ways! Have  you noticed how wonderfully fake and cramped the sets are? Is this what the  flashback mind of Stewart sees? We are not seeing what the camera   traditionally shows us, but what the mind wants us to believe. Notice that  the only real location shooting during Stewart's flashback is Wayne's  ranch. Is this because we see it in ruins at the start of the movie when  the film is in &quot;present&quot; time? Thus, by seeing it ourselves, we  don't have to rely on Stewart's imagination! Even the title makes one  think- who is it describing? Again, choose a level!     What a great movie!  But, I'll stop now before I bore everybody.          Thank You
6304765231|5.0|This film is based on the classic graphic novel by James O'Barr.  In short, for those of you who have  not seen this film, it is one of the greatest ever made, certainly the finest of its kind.<br />It is a tale of  man's two most powerful and ultimately destructive elements, the capacity  for love and the need for revenge.  The film is brilliant in its gothic,  edgy portrait of a  man searching for closure, yet striving to retain his  humanity.  Ultimately, the timeless conflict between the mind and the  flesh.<br />It was directed by Alex Proyas, who is a relatively new director,  yet the most promising in years.  His eye for detail is complemented by his  ability to meld grungy visuals with blistering action, and somehow create a  curious beauty which shows in all of his pictures.<br />As a final note, the  remarkable actor Brandon Lee, son of Bruce, died while finishing this film.   Having lost a friend and companion, Proyas did not want to finish the  movie.  He did so only at the urging of Lee's family, and dedicated it to  him.<br />I am not overstating this movie's sheer brilliance and quality when  I tell you that it single-handedly convinced me that a film could be a work  of art.  With all the hype and no substance coming out of Hollywood, these  films are rare and truly gold mines.
B000002NHN|5.0|This CD is excellent and I gave 5 stars for it. BUT, the song &quot;Marco Polo&quot; is 99.999% Turkish, it is indeed a very famous song in Turkey. (To the contrary of some of you that suggested that this is Indian or else  etc...) If any of you have been to Turkey or have listened to Turkish  music, you will immediately know that McKennitt has almost identically  copied from this music. My concern is there is no credit given back to the  original Turkish source and what does the name &quot;Marco Polo&quot; have  to do with a Turkish song anyway ? Apart this problem which really bothered  me, the album is excellent.
B00002E23H|1.0|Without question, this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  If it was going to be a rip off, at least it could have chosen a classic like Jaws to model itself after.  Instead, it's a poor version of Jaws 3, which  was itself one of the worst movies ever made.  Everything is wrong with  this movie- awful script, dreadful acting, pathetic special effects,  dislikable characters and absolutely no coherence or sensibility in the  action.  It's almost fascinating in its awfulness- the movie would be a  good choice for a film study on how to flub every single element of movie  making...oh, and there's no reason why Jaws' 25 year old shark model is  much better than these.
B000002HGD|5.0|this album is just so beautiful, very grandiose. it gives you the feeling of flying over the arctic and looking at the blue water and the icebergs. the loneliness you feel, the coldness, and the warmth that you have in  knowing that you have something as grand as this record to comfort you.  it's also worth it to read his comments about life and philosophy on the  record sleeve. if it hits you in some way good or bad then it was worth it.
B00003XB8K|5.0|THE SCREEN BEHIND THE MIRROR is the fourth masterpiece from Enigma. I am always wondering if Michael Cretu can write &amp; produce a work as good as the last record,  Then he does it everytime, FOUR TIMES ! Enigma 4 - THE  SCREEN BEHIND THE MIRROR is genius !
6303972810|5.0|I can't get enough of this movie - every time I see it I only love it more. The characters are very enjoyable and well played - particularly Willow, the Nelwyn unsure of his own ability who must find it within  himself to save a child and prevent an evil sorceress from taking over  everything. This is a great movie for all ages - although as a child the  first five minutes did frighten me. I highly reccomend this movie. It has  everything: action, adventure, drama, humor and beautiful scenery.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Enigma returns for the fourth time with their best album since MCMXC AD.  I have been a fan of Enigma since the beginning and after their dissapointing last effort I am pleased to say that that they have come back  full force.  The album is dramatic,  haunting and danceable.  Every song is  a journey.  &quot;The Gate&quot; introduces you to the album and flows  right into &quot;Push The Limits&quot; which is trademark Enigma.  Every  song seems to fit in with the next. Some other highlights are  &quot;Traces&quot;, &quot;Screen Behind the Mirror&quot; and &quot;Endless  Quest&quot;.  If you are an Enigma fan you should have already purchased  this CD.  If you have never listened to an Enigma CD, what are you waiting  for?  It is an experience that should not be missed. Screen Behind the  Mirror is a great place to start.
B000002ORU|5.0|How can the Who be criticised for the massive reissue program that ensued after the release of this box? Yet, because of that reissue series, this box set has been rendered unnecessary or deficient? <br />I don't think so.  When I purchased this box, the reissues with the great sound and extra  tracks were a pipe dream, so the experience of the box was, in a word,  incredible. I listened all the way through - I laughed, I cried, I was  blown away. Great balance of the hits, great album tracks, live tracks and  humorous and poignant speech. And the sound was the best ever!  I don't  know how anyone could have expected more from a Who box. Sure, there's  going to be the gripes.  Like, what about the long version of Magic Bus,  only available on the British vinyl version of Meaty...?   I can't believe  that, with all the reissues and compilation, that version of Magic Bus is  STILL not available. What about another cut or two from the great concert  that produced the monster version of Happy Jack on Kids Are Allright?  <br />So, yeah, there are gripes. There always are. But, considering what  other artists of the time have done with their back catalogs (i.e. the  Beatles and the Stones), I don't think that Who fans really have anything  to gripe about. And please note that this box still has the definitive  remaster of Long Live Rock. Compare it to the the Kids or new Odds &amp;  Sods version yourself and see that I am right. And that's not the only  example.<br />I like the way this set is sequenced. I've got all the reissues  (and then some), but I still listen to this box. Where else can you get  Life With the Moons?
0767802519|5.0|I have seen this film just once and it impresed me much and I know I will never be tired to see it again and again because every time I will find something new something to think about. It is truly the best film I have  ever seen.
0792842723|5.0|Goldeneye is definately one of the top three best Bond movies there is. The storyline was great, but a little confusing at times. Definately worth the buy if you've got the money.
B00000JCB2|1.0|if u r in to some heavy metal like Slipknot or korn u will hate this album.i found this to b one of the worst CDs of the year.Dont by it is a waste of money.and believe me i like sum good music and this just sucked
B00003XB8K|5.0|I have been an advid listner to Enigma since my introduction to there music three years ago. The long awaited forth album is good for the soul, it is the kind of music that the fans of Enigma have been anticipating to  hear. It is nice to know that Enigma stays true to form. With there  tell-tale introduction and closing the core of the album is solid music, it  will weave the listners thoughts and feelings through corridors of light  and dark.          As all of the music of Enigma has done in the past it  leaves the listner craving for more. I hope there will be lots more instore  for us down the road! I would recommend this album to all who want to  travel from the heart, mind and soul.
6305212112|5.0|Here is a perfect movie. The actors (Kathy Bates, Mary Stuart Masterson, Mary-Louise Parker, and Jessica Tandy in particular) are credible, rounded, warm, funny, absolutely perfect. The plot is (in its way) epic, involving a  long time span, with significant developments in both past and present. It  is a total must-see!<br />This film too offers tons of memorable moments. It  will also supply those quotes to use when one tires of the usual Gone With  the Wind or Wizzard of Oz items. You will NOT forget &quot;Towanda,&quot;  or &quot;The Secret's in the Sauce&quot; in any near future.<br />This movie  is a masterpiece, and a masterful presentation of some most significant  lives, and of a way of life which should have survived.
B000002AD0|4.0|I love this double cd especially when I compare it to the Sacred Fire cd which sounds like a Wayne Newton concert. FILMORE burns because it is loose and dangerous the way Carlos and Co attack the compositions that are fresh  and evolving,just listen to persuasion,hell I even dig Marcus Malone's  conga drumming more than any other,mainly because he is free from the  timbales that can be meddlesome at times.The only let down is overlong jam  at the end, but it easily beats anything Santana is doing now.
6305627347|5.0|This movie has everything you can hope for in a movie - entertainment, comedy, funny songs and music and the awesome Trey Parker and Matt Stone. I really enjoyed the Satan and Saddam bits - they were so funny - and Kenny,  Stan, Kyle and Cartman (especially) were the best - of course. <br />If you  enjoyed watching the volumes (which I also reviewed and recommend) you're  going to love this movie. I recommend it strongly to persons under 25 years  but over 13 years.
B0000062FL|4.0|This album still sounds strong after all these years, on the strength of it hits, black magic woman,oye como va, etc. The songs also brought into focus, an intensity from a band that usually engaged in long jams. Check  out Live at the Filmore also.
B0000060NH|4.0|This line, of course, comes from the title track from this underated soundtrack album by Marvin Gaye.  One of the most autobiographical songs he recorded, it also feature great sax work by Trevor Lawrence.  The rest of  the album is good too, featuring some great instrumentals (&quot;T&quot;  Plays it Cool,&quot; the main theme).  Definitely worth picking up.
078322172X|4.0|It was extermly intersting with a well crafted plot and intreging story line.  Altough it was good it was disturbing with in-human aspects of torture.  Brad Pitt was a large overacter; however, Bruce Willis was  excellent.  A msut see for all sci-fi lovers!
0062502182|5.0|There is only one thing to say about this book:  no matter where you are in life, it will change you.  It is a simple tale, yet wonderfully profound.  It teaches with a subtle grace, pointing out the existence of  small miracles in everyday life, and the presence of God in everything we  do, so long as we know how to look for Him.  This book will give you hope,  boost your faith, and lift your spirit.  It will show you the value of  having a dream, and following your heart.
1572522232|4.0|The way to enjoy Suspiria as a horror film is to put aside all consideration of logic and drama.  For above all else, Dario Argento is a weaver of visual palettes married to blatant scores, and in that area he  has no peer in the horror-film genre. Even if George A. Romero is an  infinitely better director of actors, editor and writer; even if John  Carpenter is subtler -- Argento surpasses them all in imagery, composition  and lighting, and Suspiria is his masterpiece in that regard.<br />Much has  been made of the film's use of outdated stock and wild colour schemes and  that still stands.  Suspiria is one of the few films willing to abandon  reality almost entirely.  There's no physical reason why this room is blue  and one spot by the bed is red...but why not?  Suspiria is a horror show,  and its merits lie not in the construct as a whole (the writing is very  shaky and the narrative even worse), but in key sequences of almost  delirious power.<br />It helps that Jessica Harper gives what may be the best  performance in an Argento film to date (Daria Nicolodi in Tenebrae and Asia  Argento in Trauma come close), saying little but expressing much with her  face and mannerisms.  The Goblin score proves the power of rhythms and  motifs within a film score (instead of the boring classical film scores  coupled with Carpenterian &quot;stingers&quot; in most '90s horror films)  and is entirely horrifying.  And the set pieces -- a room filled with  barbed wire; the famous maggot storm; the seeing-eye dog plaza sequence;  the incredibly vicious stabbing on the ceiling; the final destruction --  are breathtaking.<br />Get past the bad performances (Harper excluded) and  terrible writing (dialogue *and* plotting), and just absorb this film with  your senses.  Suspiria is a sensory experience, and on that department it  carries enormous power.
B00003XB8K|4.0|I have loved Enigma since the song &quot;Return to Innocence.&quot; Having bought all of Enigma's albums, I awaited this one anxiously. Cretu has definitely hit a high note here. While I will be the first to admit that  some lyrics in the albums of the past have crossed the line into hokey  new-ageism, all of the content here is worthy of thinking about. The music  is also great, mixing familiar Enigma sounds with exciting new samples with  the voice of Olive's Ruth Ann leads to create the highlight of the album,  Gravity of Love. It's a great song that makes me yearn for that often  promised new album from Olive and makes me appreciate Cretu's talent to  weave great music.
0385334206|5.0|I have read every work Vonnegut has written, and this is by far one of his best works. The characters are all very real, and allow the readers to get to know them. Illustrated by Vonnegut himself, this book is definately easy  to read, yet hard to put down. The main character, Kilgore Trout, a  Vonnegut favorite (perhaps Vonnegut himslef?) appears in yet another tale.  As an aside, some of the books Vonnegut describes that Trout wrote, would  make excellent sci-fi books. I'm surprised Vonnegut (or some literary  plagarist or hack) hasn't expounded on any of the themes. The book is  great, and if any reader has never read Vonnegut, this is a great one to  start with. You'll be hooked!
B00003XB8K|5.0|Finally I got the new E4 album I listen to it I  was hook,Micheal Cretu did it again,the music is awesome.This album has more instrumental music then the other E2-E3 album.This album is very moody and  relaxing,&quot;Everybody get the new Enigma album you won't be  disappointed&quot;.YEAAAAAAAAH!
B000002G7E|5.0|I've noticed a few of your reviewers have expressed some disapproval of &quot;The Gift&quot;, I feel I should leap to its defence. For a start the Velvets were one step ahead of you: Cale's voice is in one stereo channel,  the music's in the other, so if you're bored with the story simply listen  to the music channel. I love the story, sure it's corny but it's pure campy  nasty Reed and Cale's Welsh accent is so wonderfully un-rock and roll. Even  better, I love the music on this track, it showcases all of the individual  original line-up's best musical qualities. Reed's feedback drenched lead  guitar is remarkably inventive for a guitarist with so little traditional  &quot;technique&quot;, I'm constantly amazed at the sounds Reed achieves on  this track (and throughout this album in general), quite different from the  Hendrix-derived or blues-based leadwork most late 60's guitarists aimed  for, he doesn't really sound like anyone else, apparently he used a very  odd customised guitar. As for Sterling Morrison, his rhythm guitar work is  so identifiably his, trebly almost funky, straight ahead but very clever  and, I have to use the word again, inventive. Cale's bass playing on this  track is incredible, it's got a really dirty grungy sound that I don't  think any bassist had used before (maybe Entwistle) - and, because he's not  actually a bassist at all, what he actually plays is so unusual, brutal  even moronic with all sorts of strange musical asides and effects that no  &quot;proper&quot; bass player would ever contemplate for fear of blowing  their musical &quot;cred&quot;. Finally, Mo, who just keeps on going and  going like an automaton - I have a theory that Mo Tucker is the true  progenitor of electronic music, certainly Can, Kraftwerk, Neu and all that  mob were listening very closely to her. Finally, in Eastern Europe, during  the Communist era, amongst the underground movement, two bands ruled - The  Mothers and The Velvets and the favourite Velvets track of all (certainly  in Czechoslovakia, according to Havel) was &quot;The Gift&quot;. One more  thing &quot;Sister Ray&quot;, the best example of group improvisation I've  ever heard in rock - and this from a band that &quot;couldn't play&quot;.
B000023VR6|5.0|This is another classic by Dre. Xzibit shines and is very underrated, he's the real X. I cannot wait for his upcoming solo release. Snoop and Eminem are great but then that should go without saying.  Dre's rapping is at peak form and flows with ease. Everybody else kinda  falls off. The best track is &quot;The Next Episode&quot; unfortunately  it's too short. Some tracks have the best production skills but the rapping  is average... barely. The best example is &quot;XXplosive&quot; but I like  Nate Dogg and his rap/singing. Really though these songs have either great  production, great rapping, or both. The outro with Tommy Chong(the legend!)  is pretty funny. One last thing to those die-hard Dre fans is that he's on  the new Nine Inch Nails album &quot;The Fragile&quot;, he mixes a song  called &quot;Even Deeper&quot;. I've also heard that Dre and Trent  Reznor(who IS NIN) are working on a project together and if that's true you  know it'll be the best. Looking forward to the new N.W.A. reunion album.
B00003CWHS|3.0|The movie ARMY OF DARKNESS is great and I recommend it. However, if you have never seen the movie before, just get the regular version- you can get it for 5 dollars. This version I paid $18 for. It claimed that it was,  quote, &quot;The uncut version originally turned in(...) before it was  edited.&quot; It also quotes &quot;Now bootleggers can find something else  to sell at conventions.&quot; The first statement is a lie and the second  goes along with it. This video is NOT complete. Although it does have a few  scenes, there are scenes that are shown on television that are not on ANY  version of the video! I bought this because I thought they would include  all the missing scenes, including TV scenes. One of the more interesting  scenes was a longer battle scene when Ash is captured, where he actually  threatens Arthur with a sword. This is missing in the so called  &quot;uncut/complete&quot; version! I could have kept my Japanese laserdisc  bootleg and saved my money, but because I thought this would be so much  better, I spent my money on it. As for the &quot;bootleg&quot; comment- I  still have a copy of the version I taped off of television, so no this  doesn't stop bootlegging. And don't pay too much attention to the word  &quot;letterbox&quot;- there are two little tiny lines across the top and  bottom. There is so little trimmed off the sides in the &quot;pan and  scan&quot; version that a letterbox release is unnecessary. All in all, I  feel ripped off. Not only this, but also, there is a Limited Edition(which  I am commenting on) and a &quot;Collector's Edition.&quot; The Collector's  Edition has a behind-the-scenes special and the trailer but not all the new  scenes. These are NOT on the Limited Edition, even though it is $5 higher  in price. In other words, Anchor Bay is saying &quot;Ha ha loyal fans of  THE EVIL DEAD. We are releasing several versions of the movie and you must  buy them all just to get the parts you want! Ha ha ha!&quot;<br />Please,whoever edits these &quot;uncut&quot; versions: When you claim you have the  undedited version, make sure it is actually unedited. I wish I could return  this rip-off of a video. Take my advice- if you buy this movie, be prepared  to find scenes missing(even though it claims to be undedited). What annoys  me even more is Bruce Campbell is the one who wrote this inside the video  liner notes! Did he just not know better?
0792139771|5.0|Braveheart is simply an amazing film, with one big BUT, Why isn't it available on DVD!  There is a solutions however.<br />If you search for &quot;Braveheart&quot; for DVD on this site, you are greeted by a message  which allows you to be informed when the DVD is available. It also states  that the studio will be informed that a customer is waiting for this  release. So if lots of us DVD fans start giving our Email addresses to  Amazon for this movie, then the Studio might get the hint!
B000005HN6|5.0|Opeth has done it again! The seven song cd is nothing but pure blis. Each song progresses from one hellishly divine chord to the next, then with two instrumental scustic tracks, it sets the perfect mood for any situation.  The vocals, guitar progressions and extensively wonderful percusion with  double peddled bass drum gives this cd the greatest of possible sound.
B00002MZ2C|1.0|The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries. This recording is, most assuredly, one big misery. For a band that really  understood the finer points of Marx, check out Gang of Four's  &quot;Entertainment!&quot; &quot;The Battle of Los Angeles&quot; makes for  great, angry listening among people who like to see the world in simple,  black-and-white views and point fingers. It's also the ideal soundtrack for  your next trip to North Korea. Meanwhile, in the former East Germany, stuff  like this draws big laughs. One day soon Rage Against the Machine will  learn that corporations--like those distributing this record--are benign  entities compared to the wrath and bloodlust of state regimes. Turn it up,  Pol Pot!
B00000DHRZ|2.0|The Offspring prides itself from removing its music from the &quot;poison&quot; of pop.  However, their latest effort, &quot;Americana,&quot; is not only pop, but an embarrassment of its  incarnation.  The album is filled with tiresome vocal delivery, an  attribute so important in the success of their earlier sets, &quot;Ixnay on  the Hombre&quot; and &quot;Smash.&quot;  Though &quot;Pretty Fly (For a  White Guy)&quot; serves its purpose, the only saving grace of  &quot;Americana&quot; is &quot;The Kids Aren't Alright,&quot; an 80's  metal-fused, power anthem.  In the end, &quot;Americana&quot; isn't  Americana.  At least, let's hope not...
0880381736|5.0|This book is the first of the trilogy Dragonlance Chronicles, and all three books were great. They all hold your attention from cover to cover, and the characters are wonderful.  I would recommend these books to anyone  who enjoys reading fantasy type books.
B0000065M3|5.0|Simply the best acting work he did. A movie that was \\"happening\\" for the time. A slice of inner-city history with a sound track that you can tell Elvis was really getting into. These songs are not just fillers for a  hurried album. A must have!
0374172897|3.0|The Hours is a beautifully written homage, but in the end it does only make you crave the real thing. Virginia Woolf uses the technique to soar into her character's subconscious, the Hours doesn't fly except as an  homage to her genius.
6304406096|3.0|It was a movie that a lot of people wish had never been made. Despite holding the rights to the novel Thunderball, in 1983 Sean Connery was divorced from the Bond film machinery that was that same year churning out  the lacklustre Octopussy with Roger Moore. So it means the film is without  a John Barry soundtrack, the custimary M, Q, &amp; Moneypenny actors, and a  Pinewood Set.<br />Having said that Connery aquits himself admirably in the  role, just avoiding looking as old as Roger Moore. There was no reason  Connery shouldn't have played Bond during the entire Moore Era, as this  film proves. The script, with contributions from Dick Clement and Ian Le  Frenais sparkles with wit and is helped by such star turns as Rowan  Atkinson, Klaus Maria Von Brandauer, and Kim Basinger. Yes, the plot is the  same as Thunderball, but this overlooks the fact that there is only one  James Bond plot anyway.<br />A re-release on video' is well overdue.
B000002U82|1.0|The plague-like proliferation of these songs on the airwaves wought to be cause for a great many of us to rise up and sue Pink Floyd for what needs to be defined, legally, as a sort of audiovisual totalitarianism. Ingesting certain herbs may make it seem profound on your first few listens, but the clear light of day shows DSOTM for precisely what it is -- Meditations-on-Mortality Lite. \\"Dream Weaver\\" may have sunk still  lower, it's true; however, all those Classic Rock stations play \\"Dream  Weaver\\" about 1/20th as often.<br /><br />In interviews, the band -- R. Waters especially -- always claim that they \\"hit it\\" with this record -- and it's true that after they kicked out Barrett, the Floyd's work remained rather aimless until DSOTM, which work defined all their consequent output. But in this case it's like saying, \\"I have just had a profound thought. If I now lobotomize myself with this power drill, I will have that same profound thought over and over again. For the rest of my days. Over and over again. For the rest of my days. Over and over again. For the rest of my days...\\" ad nauseum.
0887306667|4.0|If you need a quick lesson on what to do and what not to do in Marketing this is your book. I studied for a Marketing degree and this encompasses the major key learnings.
B000002UTH|5.0|BUY this album. George Clinton produced it and it is by far the FUNKIEST RHCP album to date. Brothers Cup, Jungle Man, Hollywood, and the cover of Sly and the Family Stone's &quot;If You Want Me To Stay.&quot; are funk  classics. Definetly a must have.
6300213714|5.0|This is a great movie. Lots of action, drama, and suspense. The fight scenes are off the hook. It's one of those movies you watch in the wee hours of the night (between 1am-4am) to get the full effect of the film.  The Radio D.J. in the film is classic. She is my girl!  Campy fun.
B000031XCR|5.0|This CD is absolutely wonderful! and I will have it worn out in no time.  The songs are the best and the sound and clarity is excellent.  You won't be disappointed in this one.
6304457383|5.0|Although this film may not be as effective in the shock department as it was upon its release almost 35 years ago, it's still a thriller to be reckoned with...........A doll containing a fortune in heroine is planted in Suzy's (Hepburn) home while an incredibly elaborate and sinister scheme ensues.  A gripping tale of a blind woman being terrorised in her own apartment builds up into a frenzied tale of GENUINE jump-out-your-seat suspence! - this is actually one of the first films of that evasive and unique genre........  As the cat and mouse game gets going, Suzy proves to be an elusive and formidable match for Arkin and company........... I distinctly remember seeing this movie at the State Theatre in Woodland, California at the age of 7, (1967). The scene where practically the whole audience jumped off their seats IS jolting and (obviously) unforgettable!
B0000203Y5|5.0|Simply incredible ! For us who simply enjoy the living history portrayed by Cuba's music, this movie is a living masterpiece full of soundful convictions, memories and an overflow of musical nostalgia that left all of  us who witnessed this art piece (at the movies), at the edge of our theater  seats until the very last credit rolled down on the screen.  The music is  masterful, including cuban greats like Ruben Gonzalez, Omara Portuondo,  Ibrahim Ferrer, Elciades Ochoa and Compay Segundo (all of whose CDs I have  ofcourse), not to mention others.  These musicians live &quot;music&quot;  and let us know in every way how music is an essence in their living and  how it can become one, with us in any corner of the world. Whether it is a  bolero, son or trova the movie brings Cuba's soul to you.  Characters and  music blend in one to tell a story that again, is simply life  itself.<br />Buena Vista Social Club is a must buy movie, not only because it  celebrates one of the best birth spots of latin music, but because it  teaches us perfection and achievement through the enjoyment of all those  little things that we love to do the most.  <br />pd: On the 28th Buena Vista  Social Club will visit Puerto Rico. &quot;I will be there !&quot;<br />Pablo  Vega
B00003XB8K|3.0|The much anticipated album by pop ambienters Enigma soars out of the stores and falls flat on its arse. granted there are (only) 2 or three songs that make one break out in a cosmic map of goosebumps. The lead-off  single, Gravity of Love is bland as yesterday's gravy, and sounds like a  reject from the last album. Track 4 (Smell of Desire) at least has a whiff  of listenability, as does Between the Mind and Heart, wherein Sandra's  much-missed breathy nasal tones lift the song up. The rest are  Euro-pop/disco at its worst. Mr. Michael Cretu, you are one of the most  talented producers and soundscape artists around, but please, never, never  NEVER sing.  In your case, Silence Must be Heard. Your search for your  vocal abilities is an Endless Quest, and don't try to Push the Limits of  our patience.  All in all, those expecting the brilliance of tracks like  Return to Innocence and The Eyes of Truth and other great moments in  Enigma's  modern crusade will be disappointed. At least the last album had  tracks given poignancy by other-worldly Gregorian and tribal chants. Here  we have Michael Cretu yelping away. Bring back the Monks, I say !  All in  all, there are Traces ( of magic and wonder), but  the good bits remain  obscura. Oh, my advise is to give the execrable Track 5 (Cretu, say Mea  Culpa !) a large berth. Bewteen my Mind and Heart I wanted to love this  album, but, I am very sorry to find that I can't. It has been on my CD  player for days, and still only those few tracks can be enjoyed.  Try  again, Cretu. Back to basic. (this does not mean sampling chants and tunes  from MCMXC a.D. as you have done here ! Ripping off your own work !)
B000002UKS|5.0|This album is the album Dave Grohl has finally got over the immencely huge shadow of Niravana, Cobain and the mere recognition he had as a &quot;drummer of Niravana&quot;. The power and his shere desparation in his  expression of his music was far greater and stronger in his first album  &quot;Foo Fighteres&quot;. IN colour and shape he has finally established  himself as a confident frontman. Everlong is probably by far the best song  they have ever done. (Good Grief does come pretty close) His power in his  drums and speed and rift of the music will carriy the lyrics so far that it  will blow your mind. Anyone who likes to drive in a motorway at a 150miles  an hour, this is the song to listen to. It's the new era of Dave Grohl!
B000002UV9|5.0|I have had nothing but respect for the Seattle band Queensryche, since I purchased and listened to &quot;Empire&quot;. This band writes and plays some of the most intelligent and thought provoking music out there. From  the opening song,&quot;Best I Can&quot;, this cd weaves a tale that  captures the mind. Geoff Tate has one of THE most powerful and unique  voices I've heard.  From his sorrowful plea , &quot;Don't slam the door on  your way out&quot;, in &quot;Another Rainy Night(Without You)&quot;, to his  quiet reassurance in &quot;Silent Lucidity&quot;, Tate has the power to  make you FEEL what he sings. This band has got to be one of the best today,  and I strongly recommend this CD to you if you're a fan or even if you've  never listened to anything by them. Queensryche is most awesome.
6300215717|5.0|Hepburn's first starring role is a charmer as a princess bored with her official visit to Rome; she slips away and has fun as an average girl would. A reporter discovers her little charade and decides to cash in on an  exclusive story. Naturally, they fall in love!  Written by blacklisted  writer Dalton Trumbo, it was &quot;fronted&quot; by Ian McLellen Hunter.
B00000K2SD|2.0|Ok right off the actor Reeves is not a good actor. Worst of allhe was suppose to be this martial artist but he had no movesperiod. The way they exagerated the fights was horrable.  On the other hand the special effects were great and the story line and idea were good but if you saw Dark City you would realize where they got the idea for the movie.  Best part about it was that it makes you question the reality that you were given and shown to you.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I would like to say that rage has got to be one of the coolest bands ever and they have the coolest blends of punk and rock to make puck.
B000002MG1|5.0|The album is great no matter what anyone says.  REM has raised the original bar for other rock bands in the 90s by continuing to work hard striving to keep their clean image.  Many bands self-destruct, but REM has  reached a plateau of greatness which it should never come down from.
B000002L8R|5.0|It's too bad the Cult faded out so fast.  This is their masterpiece, one of the best albums of the 80's.  Billy Duffy's guitar work is stellar while  Ian Astbury shows shades of Jim Morrison.  Standout tracks are  &quot;Phoenix&quot;, &quot;Revolution&quot;, and &quot;Hollow Man&quot;.   If you like wah-wah and lots of fuzz in your guitar, you'll love the sounds  that come out of Billy Duffy's Rickenbacker.  I was in high school when  this came out, and it was a breath of fresh air.  Though this record is  more firmly rooted in 60's psychadelia than their other subsequent records,  you sense that they were onto something big.  Much of the music at that  time seemed over-produced, tinny, and pedestrian by comparision.  The other  night I came across this gem by accident and remembered how much I loved  it.  As one reviewer noted, it does have a dark side to it.  It also rocks.   Definitely one of my favorites.
B00000JMOF|5.0|FRANKENSTEIN was released 10 months after Universal's smash DRACULA; this film was made for a mere  $250,000; it grossed an astronomical (for 1931) TWELVE MILLION. &quot;If you have a weak heart and cannot stand intense  excitement or even shock, we advise you NOT to see this production. If, on  the contrary, you like an unusual thrill, you will find it in  FRANKENSTEIN&quot; so went the original advertising for this landmark film.  Physically, Karloff was put into agony for the role: thirty pound boots  which made him over 7 feet tall; a weighty artificial skull and many layers  of greasepaint and strips of cotton gave Karloff the look known to millions  as the monster. The incredible make-up was done by Jack Pierce. In 1931,  audiences literally screamed at the sight of the MONSTER (Frankenstein, of  course was the doctor's name!) and the movie was an astonishing success.  The scene where Karloff throws the little girl in the pond was shown in  England but censored in the U.S. Interestingly, the original choice for  Elizabeth was a 22-year-old ingenue named Bette Davis-alas, she was deemed  too agressive by Whale when he saw her costume test!
B00003XB8K|5.0|I've been waiting for over three years for something new from Enigma.  This album takes the other three albums and puts them together.  But it is put together not like recycling, but (to use what Michael Cretu calls  it)... alchemy.  The music is great, combining the intrigue from E1 (MCMXC  a.D.), the philosophies of E2 (The Cross of Changes) and the production of  E3 (Le Roi Est Mort, Vive Le Roi!).  Great album to own (definitely a must  for Enigma fans).<br />For all the Enigma fans that might have doubts... you  shan't be disappointed with this one.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Since I came accross MCMXC a.D. all those years ago, I became a huge fan of Enigma. Now with E4, Michael Cretu has scored again with another huge hit album. All the songs, especially Push The Limits are just wonderful.  Only criticism is that the tracks could have been a couple of minutes  longer, but nevertheless, simply amazing. A must for all you Cretu fans out  there.
B00000DFRS|5.0|I bought this CD because I loved the song &quot;My Love is Your Love&quot; and I couldn't find a single of it.  I ended up listening to the whole CD, and loving it!  &quot;Heartbreak Hotel,&quot; &quot;If I Told You  That,&quot; &quot;It's Not Right But It's Okay,&quot; and &quot;My Love is  Your Love&quot; are four of her greatest songs ever.  The CD is sort of  relaxing and soothing, fun to listen to anytime.  The songs are good to  dance to as well.  And the song &quot;When You Believe...&quot; what words  are there to describe it?  It's so inspirational and beautiful.  Buy this  CD, it's worth it!
B000007VCM|5.0|It's too bad the Cult faded out so fast.  This is their masterpiece, one of the best albums of the 80's.  Billy Duffy's guitar work is stellar while  Ian Astbury shows shades of Jim Morrison.  Standout tracks are  &quot;Phoenix&quot;, &quot;Revolution&quot;, and &quot;Hollow Man&quot;.   If you like wah-wah and lots of fuzz in your guitar, you'll love the sounds  that come out of Billy Duffy's Rickenbacker.  I was in high school when  this came out, and it was a breath of fresh air.  Though this record is  more firmly rooted in 60's psychadelia than their other subsequent records,  you sense that they were onto something big.  Much of the music at that  time seemed over-produced, tinny, and pedestrian by comparision.  The other  night I came across this gem by accident and remembered how much I loved  it.  As one reviewer noted, it does have a dark side to it.  It also rocks.   Definitely one of my favorites.
B000002I4W|5.0|A lot of people are unnecessarily afraid of Ornette Coleman because the words &quot;free jazz&quot; and &quot;avante-garde&quot; have been applied to his music.  But his music is quite approachable.  This album is a great  place to start for people who are new to Ornette.  This album caused a stir  in 1959 when it was released, with jazz critics exploding in wrath.  The  reason for all this furor?  Ornette chose not to use a chordal instrument  on this music.  No piano, no guitar.  He and Don Cherry harmonize to imply  chords, and occasionally Charlie Haden (bassist supreme!) supplies the  occasional three or four note chordal riff, but mostly the music consists  of melodies (and very melodic solos) played over an implied structure.  Ornette's tone is sharp and lemony on the sax, while Don Cherry's cornet  tone is sweeter and more rounded.  They state themes and then toss melodies  back and forth, while Haden and drummer Billy Higgins interject and  support.  The music on this album is like listening to four intelligent,  funny people having a conversation.  The musicians are obviously listening  to each other and bouncing ideas off one another, which is exactly as it  should be in jazz.  The music is played with wit, soul, and emotion, and in  spite of the skeleton crew instrumentation, the melodic and rhythmic ideas  are of such quality that you can listen to this CD many times, and get  something new out of it every time.  How many records can you say that  about?  I wish more of the new jazz artists would base their creations on  this kind of innovative, interesting music, instead of rehashing the same  old swing and bop cliches as they tend to do.  Ornette's &quot;Shape of  Jazz to Come&quot; is still as relevant as ever.  Listen especially closely  to Charlie Haden's bass playing on this CD and note how far ahead of his  time he was; there wouldn't be a more innovative jazz bassist until Jaco  Pastorius came along twenty years later.  This is indeed the shape of Jazz  to Come; hopefully one day the rest of the music world will catch up,  because I guarantee you the world will be a better place when they do.of Jazz  to Come; hopefully one day the rest of the music world will catch up,  because I guarantee you the world will be a better place when they do.
B00000IL1K|4.0|&quot;Eden&quot; is probably Sarah's most finely produced CD.  I have followed her career since &quot;The Phantom of the Opera&quot; and have fallen in love with her voice and the way it makes me feel while listening  to it.  She truly treats and uses her voice like the instrument it is, and  this is conveyed throughout the CD and in concert (I had the pleasure of  seeing her live, which is what made me buy this particular CD). The music  also arouses great emotion and is the perfect complement to her voice.  However, although her voice is completely mesmerizing, one cannot get over  the fact that many of the tracks are monotonous, making them seem boring  and long.  The first few tracks, in my opinion, are the best, especially  #4, my personal favorite.  If you are a true Sarah fan and are familiar  with her style, this is an important addition to your library. The  companion video of the premiere of her &quot;Eden&quot; tour in Sun City,  Africa is a great buy as well.
B00002E233|1.0|Hollywood must think we're all mindless to put this kind of trash out there. Even when suspending ALL belief this movie is horrible. How is it that a 45 foot shark that is a good 8 feet round (at least) in the middle  can fit through a hatch just big enough to fit a human through? And how is  it that said shark can also swim freely in chest deep water and yet still  have room to jump like a dolphin, straight up out of it to eat a parrot?  And didn't anyone else find it strange that these sharks who could apply  &quot;about 8 tons&quot; of force to open a 4 inch thick steel hatch would  have a problem breaking an oven window? C'mon! This movie was an insult to  all of us. The CGI was terrible, the acting was horrible (except LL), the  script was horrendous and continuity was not even present. Save your money  and a bit of dignity,  rent it before you buy....that's all I can say.
0395389496|5.0|This book is a keepsake for our family.  It is given extra care due to the quality of the story and book.  The pictures are large, beautiful and unique.  The art work was what first caught my attention.  It is a wonderful Christmas story, but we read it throughout the year.  I think it  is an extra special story for boys.  My 5 year old son loves this book.
B00000JZC4|4.0|I too, dared to buy this album after hearing the amazing song &quot;Take A Picture&quot; expecting to hear lots of industrial sounds and screaming.  Some of the songs were a bit heavy but most of them were much more suddle  than there first album.  I was amazed when I heard that Richard Patrick,  lead singer, said on an interview that &quot;he was tired of just screaming  like most heavy rock bands and on Title of Record, he was experimenting  with his voice.&quot;  It shows, there is little screaming but lots of  actual singing.  I think this is a great album.
B0000203YT|5.0|This movie was so well done that I feel to act in it, must have been any easy job.  The dialogue (if one understands and catches all of the humor) is full of raw emotion and humor that anyone who has truly been in love  will be swept away.  Paltrow and Fiennes were phenomenal and were so  natural in their roles.  If the Oscar's were not so political, Fiennes  would definitely have been nominated for best actor and could have possibly  won--he made Shakespeare seem more man than myth.  Dench's performance was  absolutely Oscar worthy, but although Paltrow was excellent, I feel that it  was an easy role for her.  All in all, this movie is fantastic, a romance  movie that men and women alike can enjoy together, one that leaves you with  a good feeling.
0375707972|4.0|I loved this short little book which brings up so many deep questions about life.  A 15-year old is not emotionally mature enough to cope with such an intense relationship and will more than likely be affected for the  rest of his life.  How well do you know the people you become involved  with?  Is it wrong to love someone who has done bad things in the past?  Do  we ever really &quot;get over&quot; anything?  And how true, the last  chapter is.  Whenever I cry for any little thing, I cry for the unhealed  emotional wounds of the past.  I will be thinking about this book for a  long time to come.
B000001Y5X|5.0|One of the best album is this one when he begin his music and this album catch me from the start every song keeps getting better and better so I hope you pick this album because it rocks go order it now....... Marilyn  Manson 4-eva
B00000J7J4|5.0|Carlos Santana just continues to evolve. He is one of the most talented musicians of our time. The music he creates does not just move our bodies...the man moves our souls. Supernatural is a must. Make sure to turn  up the volume and let it take you away.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica is one of the greatest bands of all time.  All of their albums have an energy that just isn't there with some of the current metal bands of today.  &quot;S&amp;M&quot; is no exception.  Some people like old  Metallica and some like their newer stuff.  I personally love both, but  this album bridged the gap between the two almost perfectly.  I liked how  they stayed away from &quot;Unforgiven I and II&quot;.  &quot;No Leaf  Clover&quot; just rocks.  And most of my other favorites were there too.   My only question is &quot;Where is 'Orion' through all of  this?&quot;<br />This CD should make any normal person's Gotta Have  List.<br />PS:  A ways down the list, you'll see some bad reviews.  Don't  listen to them, &quot;S&amp;M&quot; rules!
B00003XB8K|5.0|As the years pass, still no one can catalogue Enigma in one genre, so they created a new one: Enigmatic music. In this fourth album, Enigma creates an atmosphere of spiritual emotions that go from relaxation to passion. It is  an album that cannot miss on a complete disc collection. As in its past  three albums, Enigma makes a mixture with native arabian chants, french  sighes, and emotional lyrics, and of course Carmina Burana, perfectly well  synchronized with the music. You can't miss this one, you'll never, EVER  regreat of buying it.
B00000AFGM|5.0|The best c.d and the best singer is Marilyn Manson mechanical animals the whole c.d rocks every song on this c.d rocks I been a fan for about 5 years and this is one of his best one yet seems like every c.d he released keeps  gettin better and better marilyn manson 4-eva!  And also read my other  review for the antichrist superstar the title called marilyn manson keeps  gettin better
015626224X|3.0|The best part of this book is the first half- the down-n-out in Paris half.  Orwell creates an amazing window into Paris of this time.  The immigrant neighborhoods, the jobs, the swindlers, all excellent material.   The last half, homeless in England, is far less optimistic in tone, but is  powerful reading.  You may not agree with his conclusions, but the  descriptions of these experiences are clear and perceptive
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Let me start this by saying, as a general rule, I hate rap music.  I like rock, metal, and others.  I also don't like many of the rap/rock/metal groups out there (Limp Bizket in particular).  RATM, however, is one of my  favorite bands.  Their instrumentations kick it and their lyrics actually  mean something.  Just turn on &quot;Testify&quot; and you'll get a sense of  the energy RATM releases.<br />buy this album
0783221487|4.0|This is the quintessential love it or leave it movie.  If you are in to deep complex plots, that take about 3 times through to really get, then you will love this movie!  It is a good plot, great story, and is a fair  adaptation of the book.  It is a definite buy because you have to watch it  several times to understand it!
B00003XB8K|3.0|Enigma 4... from the time I heard of its inception, I was compelled to see what Michael Cretu would offer us in what is now part four in his ongoing &quot;story.&quot;  This is a story without words, told with textures and  rhythms.  Sounds and samples.  Heart in soul.  Though not as good as  &quot;The Cross of Changes,&quot; I would still recommend this to any fan  of ambient music.  There is a lot in this CD to be discovered.  Enigma  after all is a mystery
B000001G16|4.0|While not receiving the hype that a nwe Bon Jovi album would, Richie Samboras first solo album is a beautiful peice of work.  The title song &quot;Stranger in this Town&quot; is the perfect blend of power and  passion.  Taking all the style of the Bon Jonvi days, and blending his own  style of guitar and vocals, Richie Sambora struck gold.
B00003XB8K|3.0|Well, Enigma almost gets it right. I could realy do without the Carmina Burana samples, they detract from what could possibly be an excellent cd. The first sample of Orff, to my ears, is the largest flaw in the album.   The cd starts off as the previous 3 enigma titles do and then explodes with  &quot;O Fortuna&quot;.  Not only is it out of place but at the end of said  sample a horrible job of fading  back into the mix is made.  The sample  shows up in a few more places buried beneath some nice layers,  unfortunately it is still there.  <br />I have to say that it is far superior  to Enigma's last effort.  Still, I probably won't listen to it  often.<br />Instead of buying this, buy OLIVE-EXTRA VIRGIN. Ruth-Ann is the  voice featured on track 3. Buy Olive, or don't. What do I care? <br />My  advice:  Trick a friend into buying Enigma 4 and copy it if it's to your  liking.
B000005JA8|5.0|This is the best and most creative album I have ever heard. It is still the standard for genius (weirdness). Try &quot;Bill's corpse&quot; and &quot;neon meat dream of an octafish&quot;.
0805047905|5.0|My son received this book as a first birthday present.  We started reading it then and are still reading it now that he's turning three.  The rhymes in the book are sweet and appeal to toddlers.  And the pictures are big and  colorful. Great for helping to learn colors when they are a little older.  We've enjoyed it immensely!
1570427496|5.0|I am a librarian and have suggested this book to anyone that walks in.  Nicholas Sparks is a true master of the heart and soul.  Many may feel empty and morbid afterward (according to the reviews seen here). I have  never felt anything but up-lifted and feel a renewal in the nature of  man-kind after a weekend with a Nicholas Sparks book.  Perhaps the happy  ending would be that she lived.  That would have been nice.  I don't think  the Lord works quite that way.  We here agree that the miracle was the fact  that it took her death to save him and his soul.  His path to what to do  with his life was through her.  He never regretted his decision to marry  her.  And to honor her for giving him his life, he devoted his heart to her  memory.
0930289455|5.0|If you want a single story that defines &quot;Batman,&quot; it is &quot;The Killing Joke.&quot;<br />There are other &quot;must read&quot; Batman stories (&quot;Arkham Asylum,&quot; &quot;Year One,&quot; &quot;The  Dark Knight Returns&quot; and &quot;The Long Halloween&quot;) but &quot;The  Killing Joke&quot; is the most elegant and most illuminating.<br />Brought to  life by Moore and Bolland, this blend of speculation and depression, the  mix of sane and insane, the willingness of Moore to break several of the  established guidelines of comics...<br />You MUST read &quot;The Killing  Joke.&quot;
6302862949|3.0|I know we are supposed to review... so I will.  The best parts of the movie were when Baryshnikov dances.  He's actually a pretty decent actor as well.  Mr. Hines' performance was grating to my nerves as was his  character.  The ending to the movie was somewhat contrived.  It was hard to  &quot;suspend my disbelief&quot; long enough to not laugh at the story.   <br />However, I do have a question, in case anyone ever reads these.  In the  sequence where Baryshnikov dances on the stage before his ex-girlfriend,  she is listening to a piece of music that I really liked.  I didn't catch  the name of the composer or whatever.  Does anyone know who that was?  If  you do, please email me at ycorozco@yahoo.com<br />Thanks!
0812589041|5.0|Ender's Game was recommended to me and I just couldn't put the book down.  I wouldn't consider myself a sci-fi geek but I was completely captivated with Ender's Game.  I was fascinated with Ender's attempt to do all he  could to avoid his destiny to be the ultimate destroyer, only to fail over  and over again. Can you say Oedipus?   Ender eventually learns that in  order to defeat one's enemies, one must come to level of understanding not  only of that enemy, but also ourselves. Is Scott trying to tell us  anything?  You decide after reading the book....
B00001U03Q|4.0|This album is great.  It starts off with a great heart felt tune &quot;Blue eyes blue&quot;, which to me is probably the second best song on the cd.  But, ultimately my favorite song is &quot;Bad Love&quot;, what can  I say?  I love it.  But this album truely is the best of Clapton, because  it shows how diverse he really is.  It has him playing blues, acoustic, and   more rockin' type tunes, which shows how he is developed over his years of  playing.  <br />OVERALL: I recommend this album to any Clapton fan, and to  anyone who wants to become a Clapton fan.
0767817710|3.0|it has a lot of fight scenes, you get to see Sharon Stone and it's set in the wild wild west. You can't ask for anything better. It does have leonardo in it, but he was good in Romeo and Juliet. Overall it's worth  seeing
0060926317|3.0|It was slow going in the beginning and a bit far-fetched but once I got past and LISTENED to the message I was fascinated.  Enjoy!
B00000G3PA|1.0|Absolutely one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Should have been titled Dumb, dumber, dumber, dumber and dumber. Plotless, overblown, offensive, and probably even too macho for professional baseball athletes.  Deep Impact is far better &quot;rock hits earth&quot; entertainment.
0064400557|5.0|We liked this book and gave it five stars because it had a lot of caring. It is about a pig named Wilbur who meets a spider named Charlotte. Charlotte helps save Wilbur's life. Bryn and Christian liked the caring in  the book. Emily and Angela liked the way the goose talked. Jake liked the  scene at the fair. Sara liked the funny characters.
B000002UB3|5.0|This album is a masterpiece. Each song is a gem. It is amazing that the album is such superb quality, considering that the were barely speaking to each other. Abbey Road switches moods and modes in near perfection
B00002Z88D|2.0|I'm sorry, but the s &amp; m sucks.  It is &quot;old MetallicA&quot; songs in a sort of &quot;new MetallicA&quot; sound.  It's kind of depressing that metallica has aged to the point that their music can be called just  &quot;hard rock&quot;
6305657947|3.0|The 1999 \\"high-tech\\" remake of The Thomas Crown affair is charged with unexpected and delectable bends and twists..   It definitely is entertaining and worth adding to your DVD or VHS collection.   Pierce  Brosnan shows us he can, actually, perform much better than in any of the  three James Bond he did so far, but it is Renne Russo who steals the show !     Despite being a much different person in real life (which reminds us of  Anne Parillaud in La Femme Nikita),  she really lives her character.   The  story is captivating and John McTiernan, known for his strong action movies  (Die Hard, The Hunt for Red October), does a good job directing it.     Casting Faye Dunaway as Crown's therapist, and making repeated use of  Michel Legrand's Oscar winning wonderful musical score Windmills of My  Mind, of course, reminds us of the 1968 original \\"affair\\", and there is no  way but to admit that Steve McQueen's performance is superior there, the  chemistry between the two is much more intense, and there is more craft and  subtlety in director's Norman Jewison's unfolding and revealing it to us.    Watch and enjoy both \\"affairs\\": !   (rating - 1999: 7.0/10; 1968: 8.5/10).
079284078X|2.0|The whole time that I was watching this movie, I kept thinking to myself what a shame it was that it's so bad, when it has so much potential.<br />And this movie really does have a lot of potential.  Starring Arnold  Schwarzenneger, who we already know can do sword-and-sorcery quite well,  and Brigitte Nielson, who is gorgeous and neat in the title role, this  movie certainly had the potential to go forward in that regard, and it was  directed by the same guy who did Conan the Destroyer, and we know he can  handle these movies at least somewhat competently, so what went  wrong?<br />The main problem is the presentation of the film itself.  Whereas  its predecessors, the Conan films, relied on and were centered on their  extremely powerful music and visuals, this movie had pretty weak, typical,  light musical fare that from some composer I've never heard of.<br />Another  fault was the humor.  Barbarian took itself too seriously, but that was  okay as it was a serious movie. Destroyer didn't take itself seriously at  all, which worked out pretty well as it wasn't a serious movie.  This isn't  a serious movie, but it is taking itself way too seriously. The whole thing  from the dialogue through the special effects through the costars are  unintentionally hilarious.<br />Another problem with this film was the  continuity department.  As noted in the previous review...the body blinks.   More stuff like that occurs.  Someone takes an arrow in the back, and then  is laid on her back.  And for us REH fans...How in hell is Arnold the High  Lord of Hyrkania?<br />The special effects are ridiculous, most notably the  pitiful &quot;talisman&quot; which can &quot;destroy the world through  storm and earthquake&quot; and the cut-screening of the queen at the end. I  couldn't quite tell what to make of &quot;the machine,&quot; but I wasn't  very impressed, and the bone bridge was kind of ridiculous.<br />And the  absolute worst thing about this movie is -- the opening.  Sonja wakes up,  beaten and bloodied, and in order to show the viewer the background story,  an angel comes down and tells her, &quot;Sonja, Queen Gedren came, ordered  your parents killed, allowed her soldiers to rape you, and burned your  home.  To get the revenge which you will seek I vest in you great sword-arm  strength.&quot;  BS!   The movies short enough, it would have been helped  by including that scene as an opening rather than as a story being told to  a participant by some weirdo sword carrying angel.<br />However, despite all  the problems with this movie, a couple things stand out, which is why I  gave it a 2 instead of a 1.  First of all, the swordplay.  While at times a  bit overwrought, this is some of the best, most realistic, onscreen  broadsword fighting you'll see.  The other is Sonja herself.  She is a  gorgeous, strong actress whose only fault was deciding to accept a part in  this film.  <br />And the last thing is, despite it all, I somehow enjoyed  this film.  It must be that appeal that all things foolish have for people,  but God help me, I enjoyed the thing.
6304342160|5.0|I loved it! Very believable! The Corgy character sizzles! It's not just another &quot;Oooh lesbians&quot; guy flick. The love scenes are great, but the plot is very exciting. The &quot;roles&quot; concept that might be  taken away from this is only for the really lame - the relationship was  well done. I saw it on HBO before running out and buying it.
0395925037|5.0|This book is scary.  It provides a blueprint for Nazi atrocities, and EVERYTHING HE WROTE ABOUT HAPPENED.  For example, on the very first page, he &quot;predicts&quot; the Anschluss of Austria and the annexation of the  Sudetenland in 1938, and the invasion of Poland in 1939.  He doesn't come  right out and specify these particular countries, but anyone who knows  their history will know exactly what he is talking about.  Further along in  the book, in the chapter titled &quot;Nation and Race,&quot; he tells us  that the Holocaust is going to happen.  If you look up reviews of _Mein  Kampf_ written when the book was first published in English, you will see  that the readers at that time thought Hitler was just some crackpot who  didn't need to be taken seriously.  I wish that the world had paid more  attention to this book; perhaps we could have avoided the devastation of  World War II and the horrors of the Holocaust.
0767819446|5.0|This movie is not a &quot;Matrix rip off&quot;, far from it, it is one of the best Sci-Fi films I have ever seen.  Craig Bierko is fantastic as Doug Hall,  the computer scientist who is the prime suspect in the murder of his  boss (Armin Mueller Stahl), Vincent D'onofrio is great as usual as Doug's  partner Whitney,  this is a great movie with great acting, great special  effects and a great story, This is not I repeat NOT a Matrix retread, it  goes where the Matrix did, and beyond,  this movie is for fans of the old  film noir movies, but still crave good sci-fi, This movie just proves that  you don't need blood and guns, to make a good action movie.
B00000K2SD|2.0|There are something I hate about this film. 1. The visual effects:  If anyone thinks that a good film is based on how stunning its visual and sound effects are? It's absolutely a wrong thing.  Federico Fellini,   Francis Coppola, and Peter Weir can show viewers great movies by catching  the expression that actors provide. 2. Keanu Reeves: Honestly, he did a way  better job in &quot;Speed&quot;. He looked like a freak more than a hero. I  don't blame him for the bad acting, but this film was definately not fit in  to him.  3. &quot;He is the one&quot;: Holy Cow!  Can any Hollywood  director stop doing this, if heroes do exist, we are out of misery. 4. The  Martial Art in this film couldn't excite me, because that was too ugly to  watch, they should all be trained for at least 8 months.<br />And here is one  thing I like about this film: The Ideas.  The idea of that we are living in  the computer-controlled &quot;Matrix&quot; is a real cool idea and the  script writer made the dialogues clear about the technical terms the actors  were speeking.  Anyway I really can't give a higher admires more than that.
B000000QFV|5.0|For me this is &quot;the sabbath sound&quot; because it was the first Sabbath album I heard and knowing nothing about the band's long history I thought all their albums sounded like this!<br />Anyway, I like the 70's stuff  with that Ozzy guy, but for me, &quot;Tyr&quot; is the true Sabbath Album,  with Tony Martin; the greatest singer ever!
B000001Y42|5.0|I like &quot;Three Dollar Bill Yalls&quot; better out of the two Limb Bizkit albums. &quot;Significant Other&quot; is okay, but this one rocks way harder. Each song has better guitar and lyrics and I love the way Fred  sings on this cd. The best songs are &quot;Stuck&quot;, &quot;Nobody Loves  Me&quot;, and &quot;Stalemate&quot;. I would reccomend buying this one  before you get &quot;Significant Other&quot;, if you haven't already.
0380018179|5.0|I am not a fan of romance novels, however, a few years ago, my Mother asked me to read her favorite novel as a favor to her.  She was so certain that I would like it.  That novel was The Thorn Birds.  From the first  page, it was the most breathtaking story I have ever read.  I was  fascinated by Ralph's fascination with Meggie.  I am a Catholic and have  often pondered the vow of celebacy.  There love for each other seemed to  transcend age, time, and even God...       Every triumph and tragedy of the  Cleary family brought tears to my eyes.  The ultimate triumph-of Meggie  carrying Ralph's child was incredibly powerful.  On the back of the book a  reviewer said &quot;Real Life Pales in Comparison&quot;.  I couldn't agree  more!  Many thanks to my Mother and Grandmother who introduced me to their  favorite book.  I cannot wait to introduce my daughter to my favorite  book...
0767817443|1.0|... I don't know what to say. I must not be the only one around noticing that America takes everything and makes it their own, am I? And now they've taken Godzilla. ....<br />Okay, first of all, putting the debate over whether or not the movie is Godzilla aside, this movie sucks. Period. An  unthrilling, boring monster movie, about a stupid looking monster that  attacks New York to lay its eggs. Boring to the end, it even rips off  Jurassic Park with its bland ending involving tons of little  Godzillas.<br />Now, another thing, this movie is definately NOT Godzilla. It  has absolutely nothing to do with Godzilla.  For some reason, all of a  sudden Japan is totally weeded out of the thing, and Godzilla this time  around attacks (surprise) America. He doesn't look like Godzilla, or act  like Godzilla (he lays eggs?), and he is computer animated, not a big guy  in a suit. The guy-in-the-suit thing looks more real (no, I'm serious!),  plus it was funner. The charm of Godzilla is gone with this lame movie. I  own every Godzilla movie, some dubbed, some subtitled, and some in pure  Japanese, but I don't own this. It is not a Godzilla movie. Period.<br />P.S.  I was outraged to discover that Dean Devline (who wrote Independence Day  too, proving how horrible he is) and his gang asked Toho to not make  Godzilla movies anymore. Is that the stupidest thing ever or what? And even  worse: They might be making a sequel to this, ruining the Godzilla trend  even more. Come on people, it's going to be more of the same. This is  pathetic
B000023VR9|5.0|Yet another great album. With Dr. Dre you can always expect the best and how he shows what being a rapper is all about. His best hits on the CD are: Forgot About Dre - (featuring Eminem), Next Episode, The - (featuring Snoop  Dogg), Still D.R.E. - (featuring Snoop Dogg), What's The Difference -  (featuring Eminem/Xzibit) Also he shows that he is still years ahead of  other rappers in the scene today.
6304539258|4.0|Ah, Star Wars. Hate it or love it, it's a movie that everyone has heard of. Let's get started<br />First of all, it is not THE BEST MOVIE EVER!  or worthy of any similar award. It's a fuin to watch neat movie. It's got a  cool story and is unique in many ways, but in many other ways it's not. It  took a lot from Dune and a whole lot from one of Akira Kurosawa's movies.  (George Lucas even admitted this in an interview sometime a while ago). The  biggest problem with this movie, besides it's obvious hokiness, is George  Lucas.<br />Everyone knows he's a bad director (anyone seen Phantom Menace?)  The scene where the storm trooper hits his head on the doorway is a classic  (watch for it when the stormtroopers enter the room where C3PO and R2D2 are  hiding) And George Lucas is a HORRIBLE writer. He can make good stories,  but he can't write screenplays at all. 'Aren't you a little short for a  stormtrooper?' The two Star Wars movies with the worst writing were this  one and Phantom Menace, and they are the only two that George wrote the  whole thing himself for. Just like Indiana Jones, the only one of those he  did himself was the second one, and it's by far the worst.<br />Overall  though, it's a good movie, and it's fun to watch. Definately not the best  movie ever, but fun. And about the special edition: Although it was fun to  see some scenes originally intended to be in there, a lot of the new  sequences were stupid, out of place and side-tracking. George Lucas tends  to release things in a hundred versions though, so it's no surprise
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Easily my best purchase this year, the most mature, heartfelt CD I own, a beautiful follow up to Tidal
B00000K19E|5.0|I avoided seeing any trailers for the film as trailers these days seem to give too much away, so when I saw the video it was with an open mind. The Matrix was filmed in a expertly slick style very reminiscent of Blade.  There was a surprisingly good performance by the often lacklustre Keanu  Reeves who plays Neo a young man unhappy with his life. Laurence Fishburne  gives a stunningly cool performance as the `prophet' figure Morpheus who is  searching for `the One' his `messiah'. The supporting cast were also first  rate.<br />By degrees Neo is made to realise that there is more going on in  the world than dreamed of in his philosophy. What he finds out is that  literally nothing is true, and his whole life has been a cunningly  fashioned lie. <br />The main protagonists in the film are the inhuman and  creepy agents. These beings seem much closer to the true definition of `men  in black' than any other cinema portrayal to date.<br />The Action sequences  throughout are extremely well done and powerful. There are superb balletic  fight scenes as Neo and Trinity take the action to the Agents lair.<br />When  used, the computer generated special effects are of jaw dropping quality,  the hideous octopid creatures were particularly impressive.<br />A major  weakness in the plot was the premise that the machine intelligence was  using humans as batteries. Machines as smart at these would be using  nuclear fusion for power at the very least. A better motive would have been  the use of humanity as an organic extension to the machines own  intelligence, feeding off humanity's imagination to expand it's own  knowledge and therefor power.<br />Those looking for emotional depth in a film  should rent The Piano, those looking for excitement and action have come to  the right place.
B0000024JN|4.0|I had to buy this CD because when I was in 5th grade me and my buddies would wander around listening to it on our boom box.. but I never was able to own it, penny pinching parents:) Worth the money, music is still good,  classic rap music..
B000003TSP|5.0|If you like Dummy, you'll like this CD.  It's not QUITE as good as Dummy (I'd give this one 4.5 stars if I could) but this CD is well worth owning!
0788815490|5.0|An ultimately tragic tale that teethes with passion. The actors triumphs with their heart felt performances. You'll root for all 3 characters, with heart wrenching results because no one is a winner in this game of love.  Helena Borham Carter is the soul of this movie - the devious Kate whom you  long to hate but instead, sympathize with and feel for as the movie  proceeds. Supported by equally competent actors, this is a well crafted  tale that would break your heart. <br />Noteworthy is the last scene in the  movie, I was overwhelmed by the stark tragedy and the impending sense of  doom. I never thought I would cry in movies or for that matter, a love  scene in a movie, but I did. The movie opened a floodgate of emotions. You  have to watch it to understand the despair conveyed. It is a movie, that  long after the credits for the movie ends, leaves you with a sense of  despair and leaves you pondering and wondering.
0780624890|1.0|I thought this movie had great action, great special effects, and terrible writing.  Everything that happens in the movie is a cheesy, overdone cliche - but if you don't care about well-written movies, it's an entertaining  action flick.  I personally thought it was terrible, but some people love  this kind of movie.
0679746048|5.0|As the author of Lost in the Mirror, a book written to educate the public about Borderline Personality Disorder, I read with interest Susanna Kaysen's autobiographical account of her journey to healing after being  diagnosed with BPD. While somewhat cynical about her experience in  treatment, Ms. Kaysen writes with a sensitive appreciation of the metaphor  embedded within her emotional suffering. In describing an overdose as an  attempt to get rid of \\"a certain aspect of my character,\\" she illustrated  how many acts of self-harm are symbolic attempts to eliminate parts of the  self that are seen as bad and somehow separate. In a discussion of  \\"velocity and viscosity\\" of thought, she poignantly illustrates the  flooding of thoughts and feelings alternating with emotional numbness that  is typical of the experience of people with BPD.These rich introspective  vignettes, the essence of the author's writing,are unfortunately lost in  the screen adaptation of the book.<br />Ms. Kaysen also portrays a bygone era  of psychiatric treatment in which hospitals offered a prolonged period of  sanctuary during which healing could often occur. While the biological  treatment of emotional disorders was still in its infancy and psychological  treatment was inexact, more art than science, the hospital offered a safe  environment, emotional support, and enough time for healing to occur. Time  has always been a crucial element of the healing process. Even with the  most sophisticated treatments, wounds take time to heal, a process that  cannot be compressed to fit neatly within the several days or weeks of  hospitalization allowed today to address emotional crisis. The lost  opportunity for sanctuary is one of the great tragedies of modern  psychiatric treatment.
0618002219|5.0|I think this book was magical and fun to read. I think it good for kids 10 to adult
B00000K19E|4.0|This is an exceptional movie - however - the VHS video version has the full frame of the movie - the DVD widescreen letterbox version cuts off tremendously from the top and bottom in the leterbox format, and elongates  in the center way too much in the 4:3 format (keanu now looks like he lost  40 lbs..and is 8 feet tall). Just bought 1/15/00, a brand new Panasonic DVD  player and a 25 inch Zenith TV, I played with all the TV screen aspects,  and modes 4:3, 16:9, but I could not get a decent picture! Why is this  incredible film burnt from the master so poorly?   The VHS has a full  screen but the picture resolution is unfortunately not as crystal sharp as  in the DVD. Can MATRIX be reburnt onto a standard format?  If anyone  compares the VHS to the DVD, the VHS clearly shows a far more percentage of  the screen without it being cut-off. Mine was a Region 1 video, and I'm in  the US. Did anyone else also have Matrix in the VHS format, and notice the  tremendous amount of picture that is left out in the DVD format?  Why  can't MATRIX have been burnt onto the CD like its predecessor - Johhny  Mnemonic - another incredible movie. Johnny Mnemonic was burnt to the DVD  in 2 formats - the STANDARD and the Widescreen. The Standard side (Side B)  has the full uncut picture and looks great!, but the widescreen side cuts  off tremendously on the 25 inch Zenith TV.  I tried all the different  combinations for TV and screen aspect, on the widescreen side, and frankly,  the widescreen DVD side is very very poor picture quality, simply because  it misses so much of the top and bottom. I hope I can find someone to write  to to find a way so that they will burn from the original master the full  picture rather than the cut-off letterbox (widescreen version).
0618002219|5.0|I think this book was magical and fun to read
B00000J7S8|4.0|Impressive musical flavors. My first jazz CD. I think I like it ! Several cuts could become my favorite song. I fell in love with that voice in &quot;I've got you under my skin&quot; I can't believe I would like such a  slow song.
B00000064G|5.0|Nick Drake is really cool, and i love that VW &quot;Pink Moon&quot; ad.  but why didn't he put that other cool song on this cd?  you know, the one in the VW ad where everything syncs up perfectly?  that's a good song  too!
6303430570|5.0|Im serious , this movie almost caused me to have a seziure the first time I watched it , I had to watch it 3 times before I caught all of the dialog because I was laughing so hard ! Get this movie !
0425098478|5.0|This is a classic.  It covers the three essential elements of being a high-speed and efficient manager.  I also like the &quot;business story&quot; format.  In fact when I wrote &quot;The Virtual  Entrepreneur&quot; (BPRI Press, 1999), I specifically decided to write a  business fable due to my favorable experience with &quot;The One Minute  Manager.&quot;  Thanks!
0140177396|5.0|Superbly written, powerful.  I am still amazed at being moved so much by so few words.
B000001FI7|5.0|I confess to this being one of my desert island discs. I confess that Bono turned me on to this CD as well. ( well not personally ) I was reading Rolling Stone a few years back and Bono was quoted to say that  &quot;Dummy&quot; was his favorite album of the year. I looked into it, and  boy, was I ever glad I did! Portishead took the trip-hop stuff from the  U.K. and gave it more heart, and more feeling. Songs like Sour Times and  Glory Box are so painfully sweet that they become glorious. Every track on  this disc also gives &quot;Dummy&quot; one of the most complete examples of  unity within a singe CD. The disc just simply flows, and very beautifully,  I might add. Fans of great female voices and CD's like Massive Attack's  &quot;Blue Lines&quot;, Everything But the Girl's &quot;Walking  Wounded&quot;, and the first Hooverphonic disc, should already have this in  their CD collection, everyone should.
0880381736|3.0|I've read half this book and am having trouble getting through the one-dimensinal narrative.  It reads like a B-movie for Dragonmasters.  While, as a former D&amp;D fan, it is fun to read almost any tale of  fantasy, I have encountered much better.  Consider George R. R. Martin or  Tad Williams.
B00000I9MK|4.0|Although I believe this to be the weakest of the three releases, that by no means is negative. It really has the feel of a college project, but it contains some of their finest work to date. &quot;The State I Am In&quot;  is B&amp;S personified. Humble and pretty, soft and cutting, the song  visits every weapon in the Stuart Murdoch arsenal. Tigermilk also yeilds  personal and fan favorites, &quot;We Rule the School&quot;, and &quot;She  Losing it&quot;. Both are fine examples of where the band were headed. The  fact that this was one of the most limited and most sought after LP's a few  years ago, prompted the re-issue of this recording, now for everyone to  enjoy on CD.
0553573403|5.0|George Martin has created an incredibly intricate fantasy world in which intrigue and treachery unfold with every page.  I enjoyed this book and its sequel, A Game of Thrones, thoroughly.  I am looking forward to the next!
B000002AS3|5.0|From the first time I heard Liam belt out &quot;Live Forever&quot;, I was hooked. This CD really ushered in britpop as we all know it, and defined the middle part of the last decade. Some five years on, it's a CD that is  standing up beautifully. Definitely Maybe is full of raw energy and punk  attitude all the way through. Classic tracks like Live Forever, Slide Away,  and Supersonic, are instantly catchy and powerful. I also really love the  gem, &quot;Married With Children&quot;, (about the only soft song on the  disc). Like them or not, the Oasis boys really made one hell of a rock  record. The disc is full of past styles and refences, not just the Beatles,  but a bit of the Stones, T-Rex, and The Sex Pistols for good measure. This  cd is Definitely one of the decade's best. No if's, and's, or maybe's.
B00000K3D4|4.0|I got this for my birthday and I liked it. So did my cat. And my dog. And my friend Ben. It wasnt too scary. Bye.
B0000029DD|5.0|This could be one of the best CD's of the last decade. The songs are just beautiful and rich. Each track has lush textural arrangements and wonderful melodies. It can rock at times, (&quot;Eternal Life, Grace&quot;) but its  the slower more personal numbers that pull the listener in. Songs like  &quot;Lover, You Should of Come Over&quot; paint a picture in your head so  vivid you can hear the rain drops. The painfully powerful, &quot;So  Real&quot; puts you in the relationship of the lovers in the song. It all  comes down to Jeff being an amazing storyteller. His roots suggest a more  folk approach to songs, but he leaves that behind, leaning more toward the  MC5 and Leonard Cohen, than to Peter, Paul and Mary. Some people need some  time to warm-up to his falseto-ish voice, but I think it's simply amazing,  and so is this disc.
0800103661|5.0|overwhelmingly inspiring to an infinate proportionless explosion of will, love and soul defying humanity that can never be equalled in our lifetime or any lifetime to come
B00002MZ4W|5.0|WOW, this album really amazes me. Every song is so brilliantly crafted. I love it. It doesn't come off as overly produced, her voice seems natural, and all the intruments sound exactly as they should. Fiona's grown a lot as  an artist since &quot;Tidal,&quot; which was a great album, but didn't  scratch the surface of Fiona's talent. By the way, Fiona uses dialogue in  her songs better than anyone has ever integrated it!
B000002LQR|5.0|Not since 1966 (Revolver) has a band taken so many influences, and styles of music, mixed them together, and create a masterpiece. This is hands-down the best album of the 90's(along with Nevermind)and certainly the most  creative.From the first track to the last, this disc is like a great book  that keeps you on your seat, waiting for the next adventure. Not to mention  that this disc probably evokes every kind of emotion that humans can  experience. Must have for any music lover. Too many numbers to single out,  but &quot;Power of Equality&quot; and &quot;Breaking the girl&quot; about  say it all.
B000002HGD|5.0|of the Moby it have so far this is one of my favorites. i has all the best aspects of Moby's musical ability: clever dance/beat, moving tones, and stealthy back rhythms. My favorite tracks are: &quot;Feeling So Real&quot;  fatty bass groove; &quot;All That I Need Is to Be Loved&quot; heavy guitar  and insane synth action in the background; &quot;Everytime You Touch  Me&quot; mad scratching, 'nuff said.
0380977281|5.0|This book is a Master Piece. He is worth to be called the &quot;The Treasure House of Story&quot;. The book is simple and sweet. I simply can't put the book down after few pages. I wish to read to the end as fast as  possible yet I do not want it to end. If you love fantasy, this is the one  for you. Gaiman is a Brillian writer and I've read three books of him and  he is a master of storytelling.
B000000W5N|5.0|If you want quality Rolling Stones get Sticky Fingers and Beggar's Banquet. They are both great CDs. The rest of them are either just ok, or pretty awful. This whole album is consistent and every song is great. When  I listen to this I love The Rolling Stones. Too bad they don't have as many  good ones as The Beatles...sigh.
0684872153|5.0|My sister suggeted I read this book. We were raised by an Irish Catholic mother so my sister thought I would enjoy it as much as she.  I would call my sister throughout my reading to share some laughs and some of the  saddness.  It is compelling reading even though his style can be difficult  to get through at times.   I wonder about the title.  I have some ideas  about the meaning, but I would love to hear the ideas of some other people.   What do you think?
6302150930|5.0|I write as someone with an English ancestry going back three centuries and a passionate love for Hardy's novels and poetry. I live within five miles of Dorset and have visited practically all the towns and villages mentioned  by Hardy using his Wessex aliases. I was prepared to scoff at Tess - Polish  director on the run from US police, a German girl in the title role, French  locations and finance...even a mock Stonehenge. I was wrong, hopelessly  wrong. Today I remain in total thrall to this movie, Roman Polanski and  Nastassja Kinski. I believe it is an artistic masterpiece just as important  in its own way as an Old Master painting or a Shakespearean sonnet. Tess  has enriched my life, and, having it watched it at least 50 times, provides  an enduring source of pleasure to me. Yes, there are moments that jar -  Nastassja's occasionally-heard Teutonic accent as in &quot;Let me see that  ledder (letter)&quot; and, in one hilarious moment, even balalaika music -  but I can forgive them without the slightest hesitation. I know the area in  which Hardy set Tess, and, astonishingly - as he filmed it in Normandy -  Polanski has managed to recreate some Dorset settings with almost mystical  skill. Marnhull, or Hardy's Marlot, for example, has a real-life church on  a hill that can be seen for miles - so does the village as seen in the  film. Was it accidental, or just another example of Polanski's passion for  detail and authenticity for which he is justly renowned? Unfortunately,  Nastassja has made some real lemons since Tess and sadly she may never turn  in another performance of such outstanding brilliance. Or will she? Hardy's  remaining works may give her that chance. How would she fare, for example,  as Bathsheba in Far From the Madding Crowd? If you want my opinion,  divinely.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I was never very familiar with Santana's music, and bought this CD on a whim.  All I can say is, WOW!  It blew me away!  I listen through the whole CD from beginning to end and I love it all!  I'm really turned on to latino  music now.  As for those who've trashed the Lauren Hill track, I think  maybe you should give it another listen: ALL the way through, this time!   Hill does NOT rap through the whole song.  It's actually very good.  My  favorite track is &quot;Maria, Maria&quot;.  It's all great!  Bravo to  Santana!
B000000H64|5.0|Truly a masterpiece of metal, Demanufacture is definitely one of the best albums ever released in the history of modern music.  This powerful mix of industrial rock and heavy metal is by far the most outstanding release of  1995.
B00000255F|5.0|Simply put, the greatest rock album of all time ... bar none
B000002C4J|5.0|This album is the best album ever made, and I think we should called it The Album Of The Millennium, because all the song which this album includes is great, I love all the songs of this album, from ( The Reason )to ( Let's  Talk About Love ), but there is some songs was took a part of my heart such  as ( Immortality ), ( Love Is On The Way ), ( Tell Him ), ( When I Need You  ), ( Us ), ( My Heart Will Go On ), ( Where Is The Love ),  ( Be The Man )  and ( Let's Talk About Love ). It's true that is the best album ever and I  advise anyone to buy this great album and I'd like to tell Celine Dion that  I will love your songs and your albums forever because you're the best  singer in this world, so please go on and on.
6303921248|5.0|I loved this when it first appeared on A&amp;E. It is one of those movies that you just have to have your own copy of to watch again and again.
B00000K2SC|3.0|The matrix has a unique ( for a movie) storyline, but it is very poorly thought out. The concept has gaping loopholes in it ( why did the robotic intelligence bother with the VR if brain-dead bodies produce as much  electricity as normal ones?). Like stated below, the dialogue is simplistic  at best. I understand that most of the viewers are in for the eye-candy and  not the lingo, and I am not opting for the level of lingual sophistication  of the Murder on the Millennium Falcon ( a book, not film), but the  characters could have easily used just a tad bit more plain intelligence...  Another topic: the unecessary violence - just consider this:&quot; We are  going to save the humanity from a virtual prison - and now let's gun down  the twelve hundred guards that stand between us and that door!&quot; I  would have honestly liked the movie a great much better if the plot was  more styled toward th thrill and the mystery rather than the special  effects (all of which have been fully blown in the commercials - technicly,  if you've seen the commercials, you've seen the movie). Classic Hollywood  mindlessness.
B000031WD9|5.0|Let me tell you, this movie is my bible.  Me being a tennager, this movie definately portrays teens accurately, and oh yeah, it feels exactly like warm apple pie.
B000002J20|5.0|This is without a doubt the single greatest recording to come out of the rock genre thus far. Side 3 stumbles a bit but this passes quickly. I'd like to see those who criticize this album take a swipe at those vocals or  guitar lines!<br />Contrary to popular myth it is a very easy recording to  listen to. When I first heard it, late at night with headphones on, I  pictured the members of Yes seated behind their instruments or on their  amps in a semi-circle around Jon Anderson, interacting with one another -  that is the vibe of this music, like a Miles Davis album.<br />It is truly  beautiful and nearly perfect. If I had to choose between &quot;Tales&quot;  &amp; &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; as my only album, I'd take  &quot;Tales&quot;.<br />As a humerous side-note, many of the critics who  lambasted &quot;Tales&quot;, twenty years later hailed the Smashin Pumpkins  sprawling, slow moving double album [40 minutes longer than  &quot;Tales&quot;!] as a ground breaking classic. What was once considered  &quot;indulgent&quot; was now seen as generous. It just goes to show that  Yes were ahead of their time.
B0000057C5|4.0|Rammstein has excellent guitars and synths.  However, I do not know any German, so it is not as catchy for me. Du Hast is cool anyway, but you people who have the same problem as me should consider Anthrax. I do not  have any of their cds yet but have listened to em here and am hoping to get  their stuff soon. Anyway, Rammmstein is good.
B00000F1D3|4.0|Cher has created an album to dance to. This is her best album since &quot;Heart Of Stone&quot;, a popular album from 10 years ago. She is all disco here. The title track was her biggest hit of her entire music career.  Other highlights here are &quot;Runaway&quot;, &quot;All Or Nothing&quot;,  &quot;Strong Enough&quot;, and her hit &quot;We All Sleep Alone&quot; from  the 80's remade into dance material. This album is good to work out to as  it has lots of energy. I'll bet her next album will be even better now that  she has found a style of music that is appealing to the new generation.
0446343129|5.0|This book showcases obvious correllations between sugar consumption and disease in various cultures and times in history. It also addresses other refined foods and points out the superior health of some cultures whose  diets consist of whole foods. Reading this book kept me 100% sugar free for  over a year (Ironically, pregnancy, a time when health should become the  highest priority, made me faulter...)
B000006N61|4.0|When this movie came out, it became the biggest Australian movie ever. It won awards all over the world, and was given an &quot;X&quot; rating for violence in France. Its American releasing company, American International,  was concerned that American audiences would not understand the Australian  accents and slang, so they dubbed it with English voices. Then the company  folded and in the fallout, the movie wound up being released only as the  bottom half of a double bill on 42nd st. in New York City. This dubbed  version is what most Americans are familiar with and what is contained on  this video.<br />The story involves a highway cop in a world &quot;a few years  from now...&quot; where the roads have become dangerously violent. He  worries that he is beginning to like the &quot;rat circus&quot; that the  highways have become and goes on a vacation with his wife and baby. When  his baby is killed and his wife turned into a vegetable by a biker attack,  he puts his leathers back on and gets even, becomming...Mad Max.<br />On a  symbolic level, this movie can be seen as saying today's society is  collapsing into a new dark age, much like the Roman Empire. The cops have  become as violent as the outlaws: one shot of a cop shooting a road sign  during a chase can be seen as symbolizing how the enforcers of the law are  destroying the law; The chief lives at the top of a spiral stair, like a  tower, much like ancient Emperors who were said to likve in tall towers,  cut off from the chaos below. The collapse is accellerated (pun  intentional) by man's relationship to machines, that man is becoming as  unfeeling as machines. The cops shout to be heard over their engines; the  bikers all wear helmets and gear that makes them look a part of their  bikes; one cop, after an injury, speaks with a throat mike (the only voice  not dubbed); even the slang: &quot;is she salvageable?&quot; &quot;stick to  me like a tire on a licorice road,&quot; refers to automobiles.  Interestingly, the black leather outfits of the cops, on character's ripped  t-shirt, and various short haircuts and bleached hair represent one of the  first examples of punk style used in a movie.<br />The techniques for showing  the chase and scenes were nigh revolutionary. Cameras were bolted to the  fenders of the cars giving a &quot;wheel's eye view&quot; of the action.  Quick cuts and close-ups are used a lot giving a hightened feeling of  agitation and simultaneity. When a chase scene stops, you feel like you've  been in it. Mush of the rest of the movie effectively uses techniques form  other genres, such as horror, biker, cop, and western. Most of the most  horrible violence is not actually seen, but rather implied by quick cuts,  close-ups, and music. In a few key scenes horror movie techniques are  skillfully used to heighten the mood of certain sequences, especially  during Max's vacation on Aunt May's farm. The entrance of the Nightriders  into the small town echoes &quot;The Wild Bunch,&quot; &quot;The Wild  Ones,&quot; and &quot;These Are The Damned.&quot;<br />I have seen this film  in the theater, on video, on TV, and an Australian-language widescreen  video. Of course the theater is the best place to see it. Commercial TV  edits a piece or two here and there. The video that I saw had the box  illustrated on Amazon. I got it second hand, but there were some quality  problems with it that I can't be sure were not from the producer of the  video (does anyone else have bad experiences with &quot;Goodtimes&quot;  videos?). The Australian version said it had some footage not in the  American version, but I couldn't find it. I did notice several things,  however: There was a difference in some of the lines. The American version  had cut some Australian slang out; The sound quality was better in the  American version. The lines could be heard better; There were some  additional sound effects in the American version that made the chase scenes  more exciting; Thoughthe bit parts in the American version were  nortoriouly badly played, the main characters were (in my opinion) better  played. The line readings were more interesting, having more character (or  maybe I'm just used to them and was thrown when I tried to say the American  lines along with the Australian actors).<br />Footnote: In my high school  Shakespeare class, I wrote a prequel to &quot;Mad Max&quot; using  &quot;Richard III&quot; as the plot. The Nightrider was Richard.the bit parts in the American version were  nortoriouly badly played, the main characters were (in my opinion) better  played. The line readings were more interesting, having more character (or  maybe I'm just used to them and was thrown when I tried to say the American  lines along with the Australian actors).<br />Footnote: In my high school  Shakespeare class, I wrote a prequel to &quot;Mad Max&quot; using  &quot;Richard III&quot; as the plot. The Nightrider was Richard.
B00003A9QI|5.0|I bought this CD on impulse decision and of course my faith in Miramax Motion Picture choices. I have never come across Rachel Portman pieces but I can say more will come after this. Truly exceptional pieces that soothe a  person's mind. I am glad that I acted on my impulse and bought this truly  beautiful soundtrack. 2 words.. powerful and moving.
B000003BEV|4.0|I don't care what anyone says, this album is not trash.  The influence of the beatles' sgt. pepper is obvious, but what does that matter now.  It's not like it's a bad imitation either.  The album is actually more like the  beatles' magical mystery tour than sgt. pepper, accenting the bizarre side  of psychedelic music.  Songs like &quot;in another land&quot; and  &quot;2000 Light Years from Home&quot; are just as good as &quot;Blue Jay  Way&quot; or &quot;Baby, you're a rich man&quot; from Magical Mystery tour.   There is even some good folk rock mixed in with &quot;2000 man&quot; and  &quot;The lantern&quot;.  Other good songs include &quot;Sing this all  together&quot;, &quot;She's a rainbow&quot; and &quot;On with the  show.&quot;  Maybe the reason there is no respect for this album is because  the only rocker on the whole album is &quot;Citadel&quot;.  Or maybe it is  because of the inessential eight-minute psychedelic piece of junk  &quot;Sing this all together(see what happens)&quot;.  While this is not a  typical stones album, it is definitely worth a listen, especially for fans  of the Beatles' psychedelic period.
B000003S5H|5.0|Of course this is not &quot;dance&quot; music, although Dunckel and Godin obviously have a lot in common with their old friend Alex Gopher and the Daft Punk clique that made all the international appeal possible. However,  this is cleverly crafted POP for the second half of the 90s. And not only  smart club kids will enjoy the album. For all those born before 1970 it  will bring back fond memories of growing up in some quiet european small  town, a suburb, or maybe even a wealthier part of some larger city. Even  though Air do revive their childhood in lots of ways, they still manage to  add something new to the mix: A subtle feel for rhythm that white 70s music  almost never offered. This and the love for simple melodies plus a very  small sprinkling of fuzz makes their music very appealing indeed. One or  two filler tracks cannot spoil the overall rating: This is a nice album to  listen to at home, nice background music for some sophisticated bar, nice,  kind and gentle. Just file it under &quot;mellow&quot;
0452270073|4.0|What a unique look at the lives of the first world war soldier. I found myself totally engrossed in the rehabilitation of the men in this book. It questions the whole idea of what it was to be a man in this period. With  shocking flashbacks to the reality of the trenches we are made aware of how  horrific the conditions of the war were. Barker intertwines facts with  fiction in a way I have never seen before. We find ourselves questioning  whether Pat Barker was even there!
B000001FFJ|5.0|This album's got it all: the growl, the stagger, and the drunken stupor. I listen to it everyday and it never gets old. The odd instrumentation (baritone &amp; bass saxes, pump organs, etc.) and the percussion keep the  album going from one song to the next without a stop to rest. If Franz  Kafka wrote down and out blues music, this would be it!
B00003XB8K|5.0|The release of a new Enigma album is always a big deal for me.  I can still remember my reaction when I first heard &quot;The Voice Of Enigma&quot; on their MCMXC a.D. album.  Well, all the wonder and emotion  is still there with this truly awesome fourth album.  It combines all the  elements of Enigma with a new fierce sound.  Adding to this is Micheal  Cretu's sampling of &quot;O Fortuna&quot;, which melds beautifully in  &quot;Modern Crusaders&quot; (one of the best songs on the album) and  &quot;Camera Obscura&quot; (a short, chaotic segue).  You have to wonder  where Cretu comes up with a new sound each time.  The Screen Behind The  Mirror is definitely one of the best albums out there now.  Definitely  check it out!
0679746048|4.0|This book is pretty Good. I recomend this to anyone whose sanity has been questioned by themselves and by others. I like the story to be perfectly honest. I hope the movie does the book justice.
630542828X|3.0|As a lawyer and someone who read the book before seeing the movie, I highly recommend that you buy the book rather than this movie.  While the movie does somewhat accurately depict what happened, it really minimizes  the serious and close relationships that Jan Schl..(travolta's  character)developed with his clients, and also barely gets into how much  time Jan spent researching and developing this case.
6305308659|5.0|Question:  What happens when two typically jaded 90's kids meet up with the hot-breakfast-loving cast of &quot;Leave It To Beaver&quot;?  Answer:  You get, PLEASANTVILLE!  In order to truly enjoy this unique, one of a kind  film, you must first suspend all reality and just allow yourself to  &quot;go with the flow.&quot;  Once you accomplish this, however,you are in  for a treat!  In the movie, two contemporary teenagers are  &quot;sucked&quot; into a 1950's black and white sitcom that takes place in  (where else?)totally bland suburbia!  While there, the kids, with their  sophisticated ideas and refusal to adhere to their assigned  &quot;scripts&quot; manage to turn this two-road town upside down, (in  addition to turning black and white into living color)!  As the teens help  the repressed citizens of Pleasantville &quot;discover&quot; their real  potential,they also end up coming away with some valuable insight into  themselves!  An extrememly engaging film, bursting with satirical humor and  funny peeks into the world of TV sitcoms!  Definitely worth seeing!
0440234743|5.0|As a Grisham fan, I somehow prepare myself to be let down when I start one of his books, but once again-and thankfully-I'm was wrong.  What a wonderful story!  Yes the characters are similar to other Grisham  characters, but you can't stop reading.  I think Nate's struggles, in  regards to his life situation in general, are similar to ours.  We all at  some point in our lives wrestle with these thoughts and Grisham does a good  job of putting into words these dilemmas.  If you haven't yet, rush out and  read it.
630471193X|5.0|The phenomenon about Phenomenon is that it wasn't more of a hit at the box office!  I found this movie to be extremely &quot;watchable,&quot; and if you harbor any lingering doubts about Travolta's acting abilities, this  movie will extinguish them for good!  Travolta delivers a stirring  performance as George, and ordinary guy who gains extraordinary powers  after being struck on the eve of his thirty-seventh birthday by a  mysterious blinding light, out of the blue.  George then gains superior  mental abilities, which, ironically, meet with many negative consequences  in the small town where he lives.  This movie is very haunting; it  definitely stays with you.  It is also DEFINITELY worth seeing, and makes a  beautifully unique addition to any movie collection.
0062502182|5.0|Author Paulo Coelho wrote this magnificent and simple story of a boy and his dreams. His night time dreams and his life time dreams. The boy has a dream that there lies a great treasure at the Pyramids in Egypt. After  meeting with an elusive king, he sets on his journey to find not only his  treasure, but to fulfill his Personal Legend. Wonderfully told, witty and  inspiring. I felt I knew the character, the boy in his travels and  understood his trials as well as the people he came in contact with. Coelho  has written the classic story of the hero leaving his homeland to  understand the world he lives in, on a spiritual adventure. This book was  given to me as a gift from two close friends, and this book reminded me of  the simplicity in life and appreciating each moment that comes to us, and  treating each of those moments as an omen - to be fully aware that this  moment in indeed a gift.
0671015206|1.0|A cluster of statistics and not much else.  Very disappointed
B000005J56|5.0|Are people actually writing stuff like this:<br />Ry Cooder is an intrusion? Ry Cooder's slide playing doesn't belong on this album? Ry and Joachim Cooder shouldn't be playing with such musicians?<br />To any one who has  submitted anything like this: <br />Get your head out of your you-know-where  and start LISTENING to the music. STOP being such SNOBS. It reflects badly  on the music.
079073804X|3.0|THIS MOVIE IS PRETTY GOOD. BUT A BIT OVERATED. IT IS NOT THAT GREAT. PRETTY GOOD FOR A 70'S FLICK
B00000K2SC|4.0|I wonder if George Lucas saw this little gem of a movie coming.  Not only did it steal some of its thunder, it stole some of its box office preventing it from beating Lost World in opening weekend stakes!<br />What!   How could a film hosting Keanu's brilliant acting abilitys steal some of  'The Phantom Menace's' thunder.  I'll tell you why!  Breath-taking action  and fight sequences, amazingly cheesy dialogue.  Yes, you got it in one!   Even cheesier than the dialogue found in 'The Phantom Menace.'  <br />One  major problem, maybe the action scenes are too few and the explanation of  the matrix too many.  I find now, when I watch it, I fast forward to all  the action sequences cos lets face it.  Everything else about the film on  second watching is boring!<br />On a whole, this film is a well-polished  little gem that sneaked up unawares on the public just like in the story of  'The Tortoise and the Hare!'
B000002UVX|2.0|I usually give a Hendrix album more than 4 stars, but this album never did anything for me. Yes, I understand that some people think that this is Hendrix's most outstanding album, and I respect their opinion, however I  feel that this was not his best work. It's without doubt that Jimi had  developed his 4-5 chord songs into 4-10 minute long compositions, and had  utilized this experimentation to the most sufficient ---a la, 1983 A Merman  I Will Be, Cross-town Traffic, Bold As Love, etc. On Band Of Gypsies,  Hendrix has converted these techniques onto the live stage; however, he may  have taking it too far. For instance, Who Knows begins with a stylishly  constructed funk rhythm which has Buddy Miles and Billy Cox as the  groundwork. The songs work for about two minutes, but what follows is a  horrid improvisation of bass/drum thrumming and Buddy Miles uttering  birdcalls which he calls &quot;scat&quot;. In addition, the final track  &quot;We Gotta Live Together&quot; is one long, free jazz jam session which  goes on and on. At this point, I feel I'm tapping my feet to boredom. All  in all, this kind of Hendrix material works well as a studio album, but not  as a live album. It's like my idea of a sports game: the only way that I  would be interested in it is if I were at the show itself.
B00000F2QO|3.0|Air Force One!  Typical blockbuster movie with material that everyone would've seen one time or another.  The one thing that pulls it through however is the fact that they have Harrison Ford in the lead.   Unfortunately, this doesn't help the Devil's Own!<br />      Are we actually  meant to feel sorry for the plight of a terrorist?  Even though it's a  fellow country man, no-one would condone the killing of innocent people.   This appears to be what Harrison's character struggles with in this movie  as he has a dilema of wethering to kill Pitt or not.<br />      This movie may  go down well in America due to strong Irish roots, but in Britain, where  these acts of terrorism were faced on a weekly basis, it will bomb.<br />       This double pack is good value for money and I can see it going down really  well with Harrison Ford fans.  The sad fact is though, these two movies,  just like Seven Days, Seven Nights' are designed for the cinema.  Good on  the big screen, wouldn't want to own them though!
B00003XB8K|5.0|If you are new to Enigma or a long time fan, you have to purchase this album.  It is wonderfully produced with great drums and guitars.  It ranks on par with the previous three albums which means its excellent, of course.   A must buy for the new millenium.
1573226521|3.0|I first bought this book because of the hype surround the upcoming movie version. I expected to find exciting adventures of backpackers on a remote beach in the islands of thailand. What I ended up finding was a moderately  penned book with a very stupid Lord of the Flies type ending. I really  tried to enjoy it, but it ended up being only.......ok.....at best.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|She is so awesome! Living in the Bronx didn't hurt her career at all. If anything it helped her with her style. It is so original and exellent! She is just great, and a good role model for all girls everywhere.
B000002A6N|5.0|catchy songs + great riffs + imaginative designs = this album. &quot;More than a Feeling&quot; is number 84 on the 100 Greatest Songs of Rock. It beat out &quot;We are the Champions!&quot; Brad Delp's vocals defy physics  as they shoot way past high. It could be called squelling, but I think it  has a beauty all to its own. They are so clear for so long. Match that up  with the inventive riffs of Tom Scholz, and you've got one hell of an  album. 16 Million+ can't be wrong (well, sometimes, but not here).
B00000J7RZ|5.0|She is so awesome! Living in the Bronx didn't hurt her career at all. If anything it helped her with her style. It is so original and exellent! She is just great, and a good role model for all girls everywhere.
6303433766|5.0|Peter Jackson is a genius. It's Winslet's best film. Everything is perfect.
B00002Z88D|1.0|I saw this sea of 5 star reviews for this album, so i decidedto try and sway at least a few people away from popular belief. Wellwhat can I say but, What happened here? I remember a band that gave me such classics as Master of Puppets and Ride the Lightning. I remember a band that could tear the place apart with incredible speed and intensity. I remember a band that didn't need to have an &quot;image&quot;. Which leads me to the question....what is this? They've gotten progressively worse over the years, first with black,then again with load and reload, and yet again with the horrid garage inc. But I was not ready to give up on this band yet...well until I listened to this. The orchestra actually detracts from the experience of these songs, and while they can still keep up to their old pace somewhat, it just isn't the same. Couple that with dreadful vocals, and a poor song selection(outlaw torn? the memory remains? devils dance?) and you've got another one for the dumpster. Today is a sad day for metal, for metallica has abandoned us....
0140282033|5.0|Lovely and lyrical. If you love chocolate, you'll like CHOCOLAT. And if you like CHOCOLAT, you'll love BITTERSWEET JOURNEY.
B000002UAF|5.0|I love this Cd! I listen to it all the time and never get tired of it. These 4 are still one of my five favorite of groups of all time and always will be. No one could be what they were, and no one better try. If you are  a Beatle maniac like me, this is one you should not be without. The movie  is just as fun and full of energy!
B00000DCER|5.0|big leggs tight skirt is a great jam.i dig the tracks with Carlos Santana,Bonnie Raitt but the duet with Van Morrison was hitting the best.a true Legend who still makes his Guitar rock.a solid disc.
B00000K2W1|2.0|i don't get all the attention that she gets.she was a bad singer period.i like  me&amp;Bobby McGee,&amp;Mercedes Benz.but her work is lacking for me.she wanted to be Bessie Smith but sadly she never even comes close.
B000001TVD|5.0|eddie Hazel makes a guitar talk back and sing to you.he rips up Maggot Brain.a very essential album.it is still tight after all of these years.this band is bad period.the skills and talent that they display on  this set is awesome.they are music pioneers.George Clinton is a Genius and  this set shows that point off and more.a must have.
B0000060NF|5.0|This is, of course, one of the greatest albums ever made, but considering my 1986 copy also includes the wonderful &quot;Let's Get It On&quot;, and the pair clock in at 66 minutes, this single LP on a CD is an outrageous  ripoff.
B00002E233|5.0|After reading the positive reviews for this film, I decided to buy the DVD,and I have to say it was money well spent. The best thing about this film was seeing samual L jackson torn to shreds just as he was making this  speech. I was really shocked at this, cause you don't expect Mr. Jackson to  die(well not so soon). I recommend this movie to everyone, you won't be  bored, the DVD is top quality, picture and sound are great.Turn the lights  off, turn up the sound system, and enjoy.
630529142X|5.0|This movie is soooo cool it is hilarious. Adam Sandler did sooo good. If you are thinking of buying it and you like comedy BUY IT!
0899668585|5.0|To Kill A Mockingbird is a candid testament of the trials and tribulations of growing up.  I can honestly say that book has had a permanent effect on me, one I cannot forget. I feel the  strongest aspect of this novel is it's  realistic characters and detailed adventures.      Atticus is a character  that has such depth and sincerity it's amazing. Atticus is an excellent    example of someone who is ahead of their time, he has an unbelievably large  amount of love in his heart, and his children really are his life. He is  very up front and honest with  Jem and Scout, always treating them as  equals. Atticus has no problem with defending a black man, something the  town looks down on him for.      Jem is a great example of a boy going  through the average adolescent pains. And Scout, the stereotypical tomboy,  is along for the ride. Scout however, is changing just as much, and has a  lot of growth ahead of her.      From the beginning of the book, I was  drawn to the mystery and uncertainty of  Boo Radely. The stories about him,  became more and more interesting and forced me to consider who and what he  was. As I  reached deeper into the book, I found more and more to relate  to. I know I am reading a good book, when as I am reading it I can see a  movie in my head. It's an extraordinary feeling to see a book acting itself  out. To Kill A Mockingbird has every element needed to make it a classic,  but  I recommend children of all ages to read it because of how unique it  is. I have read other coming of age novels, and none compare to this  literary masterpiece. It provides facts about the past and insight to the  future. It's a book that anyone can relate to. I found myself witting down  quotes from the book, because some of the things in it left me speechless.  I found that so many  things in this book remind me of my childhood. It  lets you see the world from the objective of a child, something many people  forget. With an emotional end, and a wonderful flowing ofincidents, To  Kill A Mockingbird gives everything anyone would  need to know about Maccob  County ,and the word itself. Possibly the greatest work I have ever laid  eyes upon,  I recommend this book for anyone, who has the patience for  something different.
6302752337|4.0|I don't know where the previous review supposedly written by Ken Kesey came from but I can state categorically and totally qualified, I never wrote that review and I have always spoken very highly of the movie; loved  Dennis Hopper and Nicholson and Fonda. The ending was a bummer but  &quot;don't bogart that joint&quot; will forever be a part of American  jargon. &quot;Going down the highway, looking for adventure . . . born to  be wi--ld, born to be wi-ld.&quot; Great stuff. A 60's classic.
B000003TA4|5.0|this is the greatest cd i ever bought. it's just fantasic and you can actually listen to it the whole day without being bored. buy it!
0671578278|5.0|The readers of the Science Fiction Romance newsletter voted A Civil Campaign the best Science Fiction Romance of 1999.<br /> Personally, I'm glad I didn't read it in public, because the disasterous dinner scene, the bug  butter fight, and numerous other highlights had me howling with laughter,  and many key points had me shouting, &quot;No, Miles!  Don't!&quot;
B000006OAM|4.0|Like one of the previous reviewers, I was bummed the first time I heard this CD.  So many &quot;downers&quot; it was depressing.  Call me an insensitive slob, but while I admire the strength of her convictions, the  convictions themselves are just a bit too pretentious for me.  Natalie, the  world isn't THAT bad!  In the end, however, I can overlook her dour message  because this CD has the saving grace that all of her work has -- her voice.   Forget 10,000 -- she's one in a million.  She is blessed with that rare  gift -- a voice that truly sounds heaven-sent.  Whether she's belting one  out (go back and check out &quot;Poison in the Well&quot; from &quot;Blind  Man's Zoo&quot;) or singing softly, the same amazing vocal talent shines  through.  Plus, there are some great arrangements on this CD.  &quot;Break  Your Heart&quot; is one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard, and  not just because of her singing -- the bass line is excellent, and the  muted horn riff that accompanies the fade-out is wonderful.  Bottom line  for me: Natalie Merchant is always a good listen, if not a good read.
B000007MVU|4.0|I reserve 5 star ratings for truly classic albums, so this gets only 4 stars.  But it truly is an underrated and overlooked gem.  The way Ringo's voice works with the wonderful arrangements and production (George Martin)  is perfect, just perfect.  This is a great way to expose yourself to some  really great pop standards of the first half of the 20 century.  Ringo does  not disappoint.  In fact, the only Ringo albums that are as enjoyable are  Ringo, Goodnight Vienna (maybe) and I Wanna Be Santa Claus.  OK, and  Vertical Man.  Ringo forever!
6302548195|5.0|For almost one year i have been trying to get this video, but no can du. Nothing.. If you have a copy contact me ! haukurmassi@excity.com
0767830555|5.0|Martin Scorsese and Robert De Niro, you have all seen what they can create.                          This is not an exception
B000000H6D|5.0|This TON album was the very best.  Peters vocals are much better in this album than any of the rest.  His deep vioce is soothing and I think, along with the rythm and unique chords, that is what makes Type O so great.  He  sounds great in all of the songs and so does the rest of the band members  (Kenny Josh and Johnny). I know you think you are forgotten but it's you  that make Peter sound so great.  Rock on.  This album is what got me into  Type O.  I heard it at my friends house and borrowed it from him.  After a  while I had to give it back so when my birthday came around he got it for  me.  This is a must have for any TON fan.  Type O might be my fovorite  band.People think this is a dark album in which I agree to an extent, but  hey are not dark people.  If you've heard the second track on October Rust  you'd realize that they aren't sinister or demonic.  I listen to Type O but  I'm not dark or wear black every day or have long black hair.  I'm not  fascist like some thought about them after listening to Bloody Kisses.  I  wear regular clothes and have short blonde hair.  Some people must be  idiotic for stereotyping people that they don't even know except for  hearing their vioce or guitar.  You may stereotype me for listening to Type  O but I also listen to some rock like Guns n Roses and Metallica, but I  like Type O.  Call me crazy but I like it all.
6305609691|5.0|I dont want to reveal to much about this incredible good movie. I think if you look at the people who has made this film you will understand that this movie belongs in every persons DVD-collection.
0679746048|4.0|I read Girl, Interrupted a day after seeing the movie and was not suprised to find they were two different animals. The memoirs of Kaysen are so frank and universal you find yourself in the room along with Suzanna and  Georgette.<br />Kaysen speaks to your fears and you will find it very calming  to realise you are not alone in some of your darkest, wildest thoughts.  What the book does best is shed light on an imperfect science that  struggled along with popular ideas on how the mind works. I was, however,  dissapointed when I had finished the book. It's only flaw is that there  isn't enough.<br />Altogether a quick read, I definately recommend this for a  cold, winter's day when you have a couple hours free.
B000002AOD|5.0|Awesome CD ! The orignal arrangements of Why Not! and Just Kidding were good, but they got better !  What I would do to have a band that played like this.
B000003BF4|5.0|This has got to be the Rolling Stones best live album ever! All killer, no filler! I especially love to hear Mick and the gang do &quot;Carol&quot; and &quot;Little Queenie&quot;, probably the best two cuts on this CD. I  also enjoy &quot;Love In Vain&quot;, &quot;Midnight Rambler&quot;, and  &quot;Jumping Jack Flash&quot;, the latter of which gets this CD off to a  roaring start. This is one in which you have to play loud in order to  enjoy. Crank up the volume!
B00003XB8K|5.0|I anticipated the release of this album for so long and was simply blown away by it's content! Better than the second or the third album this one stands right next to their first release &quot;MCMXC a.D.&quot; In regards  to the person who commented on Michael Cretu's singing he is mistaken!  Cretu sings but only one line on one song during the entire cd! The male  vocals are mostley done by Andru Donalds who has an increadible, versitile  voice. The majority of the album is very instrumental with lots of spoken  parts of female voices and two different females singing on three of the  songs. I don't expect Enigma to bring back the Gregorian chants. That was  already done. This album has something new to offer and despite it's  downright immitaters and posers (and we know who they are!) no one, I  repeat NO ONE can compare to or top Engima! In fact, anyone else whom from  this point on thries to copy the sound of the previous works of this band  will quickly sound outdated and cheesy as Enigma is way beyond that now. I  most highley reccomend this masterpiece. It's packed with so much energy  and intesity which words simply cannot explain. So buy this ... now! You  won't be dissapionted unless you're crazy ;-)
B000003BF4|5.0|This has got to be the Rolling Stones best live album ever! All killer, no filler! I especially love to hear Mick and the gang do &quot;Carol&quot; and &quot;Little Queenie&quot;, probably the best two cuts on this CD. I  also enjoy &quot;Love In Vain&quot;, &quot;Midnight Rambler&quot;, and  &quot;Jumping Jack Flash&quot;, the latter of which gets this CD off to a  roaring start. This is one in which you have to play loud in order to  enjoy. Crank up the volume!
6305657947|1.0|Ok, you have Rene Russo who is this sort of super human insurance detective who is able to solve any case within minutes (without any evidence she targets Thomas Crown as her first and only suspect). The movie  turned boring right after a masterpiece was stolen from a museum, about 15  minutes into the film. Everything from there on was amazingly predictable.  Oh, and be sure to take notes or whatever it takes to keep up with the  plot. Apparently I was not paying attention for a second and hence didn't  quite get the ending... but then again, I didn't really care
B000002IZM|5.0|There has been a lot written regarding this soundtrack.  We still wonder why on earth it took Vangelis twelve years to finally release this treasure.  There is still much speculation as to the reason why this  happened, but in any case, after being forced to listen to grim renditions  of the soundtrack and bad-sounding bootlegs, Vangelis' &quot;Blade  Runner&quot; is well worth the wait.  Many have attacked this work for  having certain exerpts of dialog from the film on some of the tracks.  I,  however, find that this inclusion makes the tracks more interesting.   Deckard's exchange with Rachael and Tyrell is a great introduction to  &quot;Blush Response&quot; with the eerie music in the background.   &quot;Wait For Me,&quot; apparently inspired by the film and written in  1994 when the disc was released, is a hypnotic and seductive track with  select,very well-chosen lines from Rachael.<br />Unlike the bootleg, Vangelis  makes each track flow into one another. He does so with such fluidity and  grace that one has to marvel at the production.  Additionally, many have  attacked this disc because Vangleis decided to leave out some crucial  themes from the film, such as the &quot;Main Titles and Prolouge&quot;  (which is included on the bootleg).  I agree that the disc could have been  more encompassing of all the music from the movie, but if you notice on the  disc itself, it does not say &quot;music from the official motion picture  soundtrack&quot; anywhere-it's essentially a Vangelis album with Blade  Runner as its theme.     <br />Another attractive aspect of the disc is, while  there are some themes missing from the film, it does include four  unreleased tracks not included in the film or the bootleg.  These are:  &quot;Blush Response,&quot;&quot;Wait For Me,&quot; the spine-tingling  &quot;Rachael's Song&quot; and the somber and enigmatic &quot;Damask  Rose.&quot;  Most of the other tracks are familiar, such as the heavily  atmospheric &quot;Blade Runner Blues&quot; and the emotional and melancholy  &quot;Memories of Green.&quot; In any case, it is worth noting that this  disc makes up tremedously for anything it may lack.  <br />Lastly, in my  opinion the most memorable track on the disk is the devastatingly  beautiful, &quot;Love Theme,&quot; one of the most passionate, mesmerizing  and haunting themes ever done by Vangelis-or anyone.
6305657947|1.0|Ok, you have Rene Russo who is this sort of super human insurance detective who is able to solve any case within minutes (without any evidence she targets Thomas Crown as her first and only suspect). The movie  turned boring right after a masterpiece was stolen from a museum, about 15  minutes into the film. Everything from there on was amazingly predictable.  Oh, and be sure to take notes or whatever it takes to keep up with the  plot. Apparently I was not paying attention for a second and hence didn't  quite get the ending... but then again, I didn't really care
B00000BKI4|4.0|Exhibiting uncanny melodic ability and wrapping their &quot;songs&quot; in a musical framework that's all frills and garland, Mercury Rev have forged a kind of alternative music that sounds like it was created a century ago.  But beneath the sheer orchestrations lie sombre, irony-tinged word-plays  that are a little dense at first, but reward fully in the long run.  &quot;The Funny Bird&quot; has grand orchestral flourishes (and the  distanced, timid-sounding voice works astonishingly well given the  context)while &quot;Hudson Line&quot; (about riding a commuter train) adds  great sax accents and a cool, metronomic shuffle-beat that creates the  perfect visual. Comparing it to anything would do no justice to them or the  compared object. But if you enjoy pop music filled with ideas and thought,  image and structure, then these pieces (they're more than songs) will  always amaze.
0316286850|3.0|I found the photos facinating and I enjoyed Kevyn's writing style - very honest!  If I'm not mistaken, his beautiful sister Carla is on Alley Mc Beal (Billy's new secretary).  If not, the girl sure looks like Carla!   After I read about 3 chapters I got a hold of my tweezers and followed his  suggestions and made an easy and noticeable improvement.  I look forward to  reading the other chapters !
B00000DQSV|5.0|I've been a Duranie since age 12, when Rio was released, and still hold steadfast to the new wave roots of my childhood.  <br />Notorious, by far the band's best effort, is a collection of Duran's maturing, introspective  poetry squarely founded on the colorful, highly-charged sound of their past  hit albums. &quot;Winter Marches On&quot; recalls the somber romance of  Rio's &quot;The Chauffeur&quot; while &quot;So Mislead&quot; and  &quot;American Science&quot; reflect the group's fusion experimentation,  probably directed by producer Nile Rodgers and Average White Band drummer  Steve Ferone.  Andy Taylor did lay down the guitar tracks, then left Duran  for a solo pursuit.  John Taylor's bass sound grows up on Notorious,  maturing into well-constructed groves,  especially on &quot;American  Science&quot; and &quot;Skin Trade&quot;.  <br />Nick Rhodes, whose signature  synthesizer sound brought distinction to the band's new wave hits in the  early Eighties, appropriately broadens his musical pallete to add new  ambiance to each song, especially on &quot;Matter of Feeling&quot; and the  title track.<br />Duran's strength has always been to create a new world of  sound and poetry with each album, while courageously hanging on to their  new-romantic identity, despite the attacks of industry critics.
B00003XB8K|5.0|At fist I was a little dissappionted because of the short time length, and the fact that many of the beats and some vocal were sampled from older Enigma CD's. However, much like the other CD's, this one will grow on you!  If you remotely like Enigma, this is well worth the buy!
B00000J7J4|5.0|Another excellent album from Santana.  I like every song on the album, even if the duet with Clapton is a little long and hard to sit still through (it is a great backround song though).  I particularly like the  collaborations with Lauryn Hill and Everlast.  Definatly one for the CD  collection.  Now if they just put it out in a DVD form...
0393317552|5.0|When I bought this book, I was looking for a popular science book that would explain a new subject, and maybe broaden my mind a bit. As such, Guns Germs and Steel is a great success. <br />Firstly, it's a fascinating subject.  I mean, the question he's answering is how come Europeans ended up  colonising the world, and not the other way round? Secondly, it's well  researched. To answer the question, he compares the histories of human  development on all the different continents over the last 13,000 years. By  the end of it, you end up knowing a bit about the history of every  continent. (eg, did you know that people on the island of Madagascar, off  the coast of Africa, are actually the descendants of Polynesians?)<br />But  the main reason it's so good is the way he structured the book. I've always  thought that the best part of following a sports team is the pre-season,  when you sit around comparing the strengths &amp; weaknesses of the various  teams in the comp and having endless debates about who's going to win. Guns  Germs and Steel is a bit like a form guide for the sport called &quot;human  development&quot;. It starts by looking at the state of human development  in each continent 13,000 years ago (in the &quot;pre-season&quot;) so that  you might make predictions about which continent should have ended up  dominating the world. And then it traces human history in each continent to  show why Europe ended up winning, which continents came close, and which  were the non-contenders, and why. <br />Along the way, you learn a little  history about every continent. You're also challenged by brilliant  questions like how come horses were domesticated  but zebras weren't? Or  why weren't acorns ever domesticated as a food source when some acorns can  be edible? Or how come when Europeans met Americans for the first time,  European germs killed many Americans, but American germs didn't affect  Europeans? <br />The general writing style the author uses is that he poses a  question, then spends time answering it. But this leads to another  question, which when answered leads to another question... and so on. It  ends up that you can't put the book down, because at any given time, you've  only just heard the question and haven't heard the answer yet! And if you  did just hear the answer, you've got another question! I found that this  really drew me into the whole subject. By the end of it, I wanted to study  some more anthropology!<br />I was surprised that some other reviewers didn't  rate this book highly. But many base their bad reviews on the fact that  Diamond debunks the &quot;White Race Is Superior&quot; theory, which they  subscribe to. But that shouldn't detract from the fact that this is a  well-researched, well-written, deeply interesting book about a deeply  interesting subject.
B000021Y77|3.0|With all the critics out there praising this movie from beginning to end, I just couldn't help but be a little curious. So I purchased it, hoping that it would at least live up to half the hype. Well, for all it's worth,  Lola doesn't lack anything in the style department as promised. The critics  weren't kidding when they said it had stunning visuals, a pulse pounding  soundtrack, and a pace only a cheetah could catch up with. Unfortunately,  it just plays out like an extended MTV music video. The plot starts off  interesting and easy enough, but the twist and turns all end in such a  predictable and almost rushed way. Almost like the director gave up on the  last half of the movie. Sure, I like the whole &quot;cause and effect&quot;  feel, but it could've been polished more. To keep it simple, Run Lola Run  is a roller coaster ride of a movie with adrenaline pumping speed . Just be  forwarned, it's not for everybody.
B000002UYZ|4.0|This is an album to get if you are not a serious Beatles fan but like some of thier earlier hits.  I love all the songs on the album especially In My Life, Yesterday, and Eleanor Rigby.  However they could have added a few  more songs on, especially ones from their album Revolver, such as Taxman,  I'm Only Sleeping, Good Day Sunshine, etc.  Overall, this is a good album  to start off with.  Oh, as for &quot;A Music Fan from Pennsylvania&quot;,  what's your idea of good grownup music, Celine Dion?
0345377370|4.0|Even if there is no more &quot;Wall&quot;, this book stands the test of time. Written in short chapters, it is highly readable without being cheap literature. Amazing!
B000002UDB|5.0|I'm a huge Beatles fan and yes even I'll admit the plot of the movie is pretty pointless but I bought the movie anyway; mainly for the music.  This is why I recommend you buy this cd.  I love all the songs from the movie,  especially The Fool On The Hill.  But the album also includes songs that  were originally released as singles that weren't in the movie such as  Strawberry Fields Forever and Penny Lane.  Great songs...great albums.  And  as for Lkeener, will you get a life?  For someone who hates the Beatles so  much, you sure like talking about them. I'm with &quot;music fan from Blue  Jay Way&quot; on this one....shut up!
B00000J7J4|1.0|This cd is way over-hyped. It's trite and the lyrics are unbearingly predictable. It's commercialism to the max. and any integrity is totally watered down to appeal to a broad mass of pseudo-spritualists. It reminds  me of Madonna's album which was supposed to be about enlightenment and her  discovering spirituality. Oh please..<br />This cd is a sell-out and is to  spirituality what Britney Spears is to pop music. <br />This cd makes me want  to vomit!
B00000K0E5|1.0|Brosnan has the right look and the teaser sequence is fun. That being said, this is a big expensive nothing with no suspense or sense of Ian Fleming. It's a generic action picture with a brand name attached.
0446364495|3.0|It's not a bad book. I think it's well written (a little on the &quot;artsy&quot; side). It's a book about &quot;chemistry&quot; between two human beings. The kind of chemistry that you can lose yourself in.
B00003XB8K|4.0|The fourth installment from Enigma is powerful indeed, with a feel that is more akin to their 3rd album than the previous two. The album opens with a mysterious, hypnotic female voice conveying scientific data about some  alien world amidst Enigma's characteristic new age sounds. The second song,  &quot;Push The Limits&quot;, is perhaps the most upbeat of all the  following songs on the album, and in my opinion is probably the most  powerful, evocative song on the album. The next song &quot;Gravity Of  Love&quot;, is much slower in rhythm, and contains more vocals. ( A nice  love song ) &quot;Smell Of Desire&quot;, the fourth song on the album, is  also very engaging, with the sounds of a flute and guitar dominating the  song. &quot;Modern Crusaders&quot;, the next piece, is essentially an  average &quot;rock&quot; song, and I think hinders the album. It's packed  with overpowering vocals, which I think obscures the hypnotic, ambient  sounds and chants that most Enigma fans hope for from this band. Song six,  &quot;Traces (Light And Weight)&quot; is a peaceful song, no more, no less.  It has a calming melody, but seems to lack substance. ( Since it consists  of this simple melody being repeated over and over with little addition or  alteration as the song progresses) &quot;The Screen Behind The  Mirror&quot;, the album's seventh song, is very good, with an engaging  rhythm and hypnotic feel. The vocals in it seemed almost unnecessary  however, and hindered the song's potential. The blend of chants and drums  in the song could simply have stood on their own. &quot;Endless  Quest&quot;, song eight, is simply excellent, with a flawless blend of  flute and drums. (Guitar as well) Song nine, &quot;Camera Obscura&quot;, is  a very short, average &quot;rock&quot; song. Song ten, &quot;Between Mind  And Heart&quot; is essentially a blending of what seems like a half dozen  different forms of music. The outcome is surprisingly good, and is  reminiscent of the songs producedby the group &quot;Deep Forest&quot;. The  last song &quot;Silence Must Be Heard&quot;, is yet another  &quot;rock&quot; song, with vocalizations being stressed.                                                                                        Well,  overall this album is very good. If you love the combinations of drum,  chant, flute, and other instruments, this album is for you. If your looking  for these elements alongside a moderate amount of male singing, than this  album is also for you. I have always considered Enigma the king of  combining chant and drum, with groups such as &quot;Deep Forest&quot; and  &quot;Delirium&quot; taking a back seat. But as Enigma continues to draw  more vocalizations into it's works, I'm worried the band will fall into a  traditional &quot;Rock&quot; category rather than the ambient, new age, yet  &quot;upbeat&quot; one it has always been considered. But the music of  Enigma still compels me to eagerly wait for number five.
0060926317|5.0|I found the message in this book as important as any message in the Bible.  Easy and Fun to read.  This is pure truth.
B00000K19E|5.0|Unbelieveably with all the reviews that I have read about &quot;The Matrix&quot; some people just don't understand what the MATRIX is or they don't want to understand. Let the record state that no matter what people  say about the movie, it is still number 1!  So long as the directors don't  come out with the sequel(only if it is as good as the first)!
B00002MZ4W|3.0|I really adorded tidal. Not only was it the most imaginative debut of 96, but one of the best album's of the decade. So heart stoppingly beautiful, dreamy and wistful, did i ever stop playing it? So 3 years on and an  anxious wait for her fans,  we get a follow-up, which is in itself good and  versatile, yet lacks that beauty that made her first album so appealing.  Fiona is still unknown in the UK, despite my efforts to tell everyone about  tidal, but I feel this album will not help bring her into the limelight  over here. She is amazing, and those lyrics,well...., so it's just a pity  that those tunes aren't as memorable. Pity!
B0000027I6|5.0|One can't help but love this cd.  It has everything that a Floyd fan could want.  (I just put all the Gilmour,Waters,Pink FLoyd,Barrett stuff together to avoid confusion).  It has some sweet sounding songs like What God Wants  pt.1, Three Wishes and Watching tv.  It is much better than Pros and Cons  of Hitchiking and The Final Cut and even better than Momentary Lapse.  I  would call Division Bell an Amused a dead heat as far as quality goes.   Most tracks here are just great sounding with the exeption of a few.  I  really love Three Wishes and the Bravery of Being out Of Range.  Give it a  try---&gt;&gt;You just might love it as much as Dark Side like I do. It is  a little more old school than the new albums with the Floyd name on them.   Pretty cool I do believe.  God bless
0792842731|2.0|Holy Moly this is a bad movie. The plot was not very interesting or even feasible.  The Bond girls were horrible.  If only Terry Hatcher's chest was as big as her ego, this matched might have worked.  What was up with  Michelle Yeoh? She's got to be the most unsexy bond girl ever.  I take that  back, Grace Jones (A VIEW TO A KILL), was the worst.  I was hoping that TND  would live up to GOLDENEYE, but I was sadly disappointed.  Good Lord! Did  they give him enough campy one liners?  In the Bond films, you always  accept a few, but this was ridiculous.  The bright spots in the movie, and  oh were there very few, were the decent at best car chase scene and the  motorcycle scene.  I hope for the Bond movies sake, that newcomers do not  view this one first.
B000002B7W|5.0|I rank this cd right at the top.  It is a great collection of songs and shows what Randy and Ozzy were busy doing in 1981---&gt;  Rocking and rolling!  It is a little sad because it had to come out as a  &quot;Tribute&quot; after Randy's death but I guess that also makes this  album very unique.  &quot;Thank you Lord for giving us Randy, I know he is  looking down on us and smiling right along side of you  God&quot;--amen---&gt;  My best wishes to all of those who knew Randy and  loved him!  It has been nearly 20 years since his death and he will never  be forgotten!  God did bless him !
B000002WFF|2.0|The album does not reflect the soundtrack. Compared with the live versions, the studio performances pale into insignificance and do not do justice to the actual performace. I can't understand why the versions from  the film were not released - I rarely listen to this album as the song  versions are inferior.
0783219172|5.0|frightening, funny, nifty. Okay. that's my review. To the guy who said &quot;good special effects for a low budget movie'' I'm pretty sure it wasn't low budget.....I think a few other reviews (by movie critics) said  the special effects were spectacular but not the whole plot or showy.  And  does anyone know where I can get the song at the end of the movie? I know  someone who needs it for a thing they're doing for class.
B000002UB6|3.0|...as the Beatles clearly were when this LP was recorded.  Their professional and musical relationship with each other was disintegrating and, unfortunately, it does come across on this album (even on the cover -  4 separated faces says it all) despite the odd moments of Fab Four magic -  &quot;Let It Be&quot;, &quot;I've Got A Feeling&quot;, &quot;Long &amp;  WInding Road&quot;, &quot;Get Back&quot;.  The Beatles had really finished  as a band by the time they'd recorded the White Album in 1968 and this was  a desparate attempt to &quot;Get Back&quot; to their roots.  Sadly, the  whole thing failed.  Even more unfortunate is the way that the whole sorry  affair was made into a film too, even though the rooftop gig was one of the  better moments.  Ironically, this LP was recorded in early 1969, before the  brilliant &quot;Abbey Road&quot; - the album which I will always regard as  their last true LP.  This album was ruined by Phil Spectors' glossy  over-produced, syrupy treatment of some of the songs (Paul McCartney always  hated what Spector did to songs like &quot;The Long &amp; Winding  Road&quot;) and also his messing about with the mixes.  It also has always  astounded me why none of the rooftop gig songs were included here - even  &quot;Get Back&quot; on this album is a different version to the one in the  film with Lennon's quip about &quot;passing the audition&quot; dubbed in at  the end for effect.  Quite frankly, Phil Spector ruined what could have  been a great Beatles LP.  My suggestion to EMI is this: 2000 will mark the  30th anniversary of &quot;Let It Be&quot;.  Instead of the usual shoddy  re-releases EMI put out, let's have a real treat - the original album as it  was meant to be heard (apparently the original &quot;Get Back&quot; mixed  album is held in a vault somewhere) but PLEASE no more Phil Spector  remixes.  This album is for completists - if you're buying your first  Beatles CD go buy &quot;Sgt Pepper&quot;, &quot;Abbey Road&quot; or  &quot;Revolver&quot;.
B00003XB8K|3.0|While the CD has good and bad, the bad seems to outweigh the good on this one.  It saddens me to say this is probably the worst of the Enigma albums.  There are a few bright spots, but overall I was disappointed with the new  release.  The first three were awesome.  The forth left alot to be desired.
0375751513|5.0|This book is mainly about the corruption of the soul, and it really makes you think. I recommend it to anyone who loves mysterious and critical books.
6302610702|5.0|I think this triology was outstanding and great. All 3 left me speechless, but i have to say i favored 1, and 2 because they were original. But anyways it goes when i first saw the movie i was in awe because it was such  a great movie and everytime i have seen it since then has been the same  good movie. Michael Corleone will always be the godfather.  I would  recomend The Godfather Trilogy to anybody because either way,  you shall  enjoy it. And the soundtrack is just amazing as well. Buy it, buy it now or  you will regret it. All three movies and all three soundracks.<br />-Double D
B000002AV5|5.0|She is the queen of the sexy rythm. This album encapsulates a four album recording career that continues to produce some of the most soleful, sexy music ever heard. If you're planning an intimate evening with that someone  special, you've gotta have this one to set the mood.
0440180295|5.0|All I can say is that this is one wacked out book.  The best line came when Billy Pilgrim was in the zoo and asked for the secret to the universe.  When the Tralmafadorians replied that it is destroyed testing fuel, Billy  asks if there is anyway to stop it.  It was great, but it was twisted.   Read with caution.  This is a very difficult time period to read from and  is very often confusing.
B00000F1D3|4.0|A few years ago i lost someone very special to me and this song brought the memory of him back to me.
B00000DCHI|5.0|This CD is the greatest piece of music I have ever heard and will ever hear again.  I personally bought this song for &quot;Piano Man&quot; and &quot;Only the Good Die Young,&quot; only to find more hits than I had ever  expected including &quot;You May Be Right,&quot; &quot;My Life,&quot;  &quot;Uptown Girl,&quot; &quot;Big Shot,&quot; &quot;For the Longest  Time,&quot; &quot;It's Still Rock and Roll to Me,&quot;and &quot;The  Entertainer.&quot;  A truly great CD that will not be able to be surpassed  in excellence.  Much better than Volume 3, with more songs.  The only thing  missing is &quot;We Didn't Start the Fire&quot; but I wouldn't buy Volume 3  just to get that song.  Not a good album.  Volumes 1 and 2, however,  include the greatest songs ever written by the greatest artist of all time,  Billy Joel.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I have both Limp Bizkits cds and i think there are great.  John Otto has been a huge inspiration in my life cuz i play percussion and hope that some day can be as good as he is.  Thanx for taking the time to read this.
0805054375|4.0|i think it is dissapointing to hear people complain about how this book isn't as good as the movie. in fact, perhaps it would have been better if i hadn't seen the movie first because the originial ideas of Chuck Palahniuk  are the WORDS, not brad pitt or edward norton. if anything, this book  proves it's point to you if you thought is was worse than the movie: 1. you  like things 2. you like to buy things 3. you want things 4. you need  society 5. &quot;you're the faker.&quot;  this book deserves more  recognition than any movie screen can offer, unfortunately somewhere  between birth and our &quot;20-something&quot; lifestyles, we forget to  read. i don't deny how much i'd like to take a peice of brad pitt and take  him home with me, but he is not the brain nor the words of the original  inducer. Chuck Palahniuk isn't the common house name brand. and brad pitt  is? how ironic, chuck.
B000001Y42|4.0|It is a lot better than sign. other it is a lot more crazy and hardcore than the 2nd one.  but i have to give it 4 stars because there are some songs that are boring.  my fav. are pollution,counterfeit-fav. on the whole  cd,stuck,FAITH,indigo flow,leech.  if u like the 2nd one than get this one.   Peace Out
B00000JCOV|5.0|Yeah, baby! My favorite song is WAIT AND BLEED. Please tell Slipknot themselves too read it.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I have both Limp Bizkit cds and i think they are great.  John Otto has been a huge inspiration in my life cuz i play percussion and hope that some day can be as good as he is.  Thanx for taking the time to read this.
6305546797|5.0|This is a great DVD!  The sound and picture quality is A+  The DVD is loaded with extra goodies and the documentary is excellent.  If you have surround sound, this DVD will blow it away. Buy it, if your a Halloween fan  you'll be happy you did.
B000002HPT|2.0|ZZZ...You Not Me...ZZZ...Lines In The Sand...ZZZ...Peruvian Skies...ZZZ...Hollow Years...ZZZ, and i'm still tried.  This is a very weak effort by a band that has potential to be really HEAVY.  I mean, it sounds  like the band is playing it safe, making every song sound like it's  formatted to be a radio jingle.  That's good for a song or two, but not an  entire album.  You just have to leter rip. All those songs mentioned above  are good and accessable but not acceptable by a band that can crank out  metal and prog like no one else can.  Sorry boys, this one's a yawn.
B000009ED0|5.0|Just a classic album from beginning to end. All the fun of early Beastie Boys and the updated late 90's rock of the Bizkit. With lyrics as smooth as Dr. Dre's, this Kid can Rock. A must have for parties out back and for  speeding down the interstates. Note-this isn't some boy band, Spice  Girls-type trend...Kid has the chops and the props to keep on rockin' it up  and down the block.
6305180261|5.0|This video contains almost every Guns video ever made.  They might have omitted 1 or 2 and i can't think of which ones they are. Ohh, the video You Could Be Mine is not here, and thats a crying shame because it's a cool vid  flick.   Anyway, all their epics from Illusion CD's are here.  November  Rain, Estranged, and Don't Cry among other videos from both those albums.   Patience from Lies and Sine I Don't Have You from the Spag. Incident are  also included.  But the real keepers are their most awesome videos off of  Appetite.  Welcome to the Jungle,  Sweet Child of Mine and Paradise City  are worth owning alone.  They all bring back fond, bittersweet memories of  what metal and videos were like in the Rockin' 80's.
0790742322|1.0|I, myself always enjoyed this movie, it's very funny and entertaining, so I didn't hesitate to pick up the clamshell edition.  I guess it was a marketing plan to make the movie more for families or something, but they  have eliminated all strong profanity and elements that are usually edited  in the television version.  YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.  If you want the uncut  version, AVOID THE CLAMSHELL EDITION!
B00000J7S8|5.0|As I listened to Krall's rendition of these Jazz standards, I could almost visualize the Victoria BC spirit in the music.  In fact, Krall talked about her Vancouver Island influence in her music and her style in an interview  with Charlie Rose on PBS.
B000002U82|5.0|This album is definetly the greatest ever. and I know what good is, like Rubber Soul and Led Zeppelin IV. But this album is really a masterpiece. ever song is connected, and all of them have their own personality and  traits. <br />BUY THIS CD, YOU WONT REGRET IT. here is some advise when you  listen. let your mind go free and relax. It will make you feel high (and  its not a drug..). It really makes you feel high while relaxing and letting  your mind roam.<br />GET THIS CD!
0151001820|5.0|Despite the difficulty of capturing the beauty of Perez-Reverte's prose in translation, Sonia Soto has once again proved that you CAN read his books in English and not lose a bit of the flavor.  The Club Dumas has to be read  more than once to discover the more subtle intricacies of plot (and boy,  does he have some) in this thinking man's thriller.  The twist in this tale  is on par with the best serial novel ever written and very satisfying.  I  finished the book two weeks ago and am still delighting in the rich  characters and the beautiful language.  Once again, Perez-Reverte  demonstrates that he is one of the best novelists of the 21st Century.   Highly recommended.
0140177396|5.0|This was the most touching and wonderful book I have ever read.  I totally loved everything about it.  The characters are wonderful and you grow to love them.  It is so sad though!  But that makes it good!  I would  recommend this book to absolutely everyone!
B000001FNL|5.0|This is the Bee Gees greatest and most eclectic album ever. this album has music from disco to country , pop rock to ballads and so on. The best song on this album would have to be COUNTRY LANES. Robin gibb gives this song  feeling. Every time I hear this song it sends shivers down my spine. Other  great tracks is the number 1 hit JIVE TALKIN' , also the follow up single  NIGHTS OF BROADWAY along with SONG BIRD , COME ON OVER and BABY AS YOU TURN  AWAY. This is a definate must have to any Bee Gee fan
B00000JCOV|5.0|I'm not exactctly the most trustworthy reviewer, since i like almost all rock and roll bands to some extent (my favorite band is ac/dc) but I'll give you my 2 cents anyway. This album rocks major, it has all the aspects  of a thrashingly good metal cd: the grinding guitars, the pounding bass,  some REALLY fast drum beats, and of course, screaming mad vocals.  KILLER  TRACKS: sic, eyeless, wait and bleed, surfacing, spit it out, purity,  liberate, no life, diluted, only one, and the hidden song at the end of the  album (i think its called &quot;the mouth&quot;, or something) All the  songs on this album are good, even the little sound effect ditties  (742617000027 and frail limb nursery) make me laugh a little when i hear  them. If you are not into heavy tunes designed for heavy eardrums or are  easily offended, do yourself a favor and steer clear of slipknot. All  others, buy the album, put it in the ol' cd player, and blast the neighbors  into oblivion!
B00000I952|4.0|this album is a good end to a superb career but there are some songs on this album that to me lack that abba-esque feeling the way other songs did on previous albums. the song i didn't like on this album was TWO FOR THE  PRICE OF ONE i think it may have sounded like a good idea at the time but  when its produced a totally different feeling is produced. On the other  hand the must have songs on this album is ONE OF US , I LET THE MUSIC SPEAK  , SOLDIERS and my personal favourite WHEN ALL IS SAID AND DONE. These songs  show abba's maturity as a group. This is a good finish to a great career.
068484267X|5.0|Mccourt has written what I think is the most ambitious true-story in our lives today! Wow, what a book this is, I recommend that everyone should at least read it and decide for themselves, everyone at Amazon should read it  as well. Great reading is what this book is!
0140501711|5.0|I thought the book was a great book for children, parents and teachers. It is a book that could allow children to see the love, and time spent by parents in choosing a home for a family. The relationship that the ducks have with officer Micheal is a wonderful lesson for children to learn about  the people in their community that could help them in a time of trouble or  someone that could just become a great friend.
1573226521|1.0|Having been encouraged by all the hype to read &quot;The Beach&quot;, I was really disappointed. The book read like the first draft of a manuscript that the author should have been told to take away and revise, edit and  rewrite until he had a proper novel, but publishers these days don't seem  to have the staff. In any case, why bother when it sells like hot  cakes?<br />If Alex Garland was seeking to employ the most self-absorbed  narrator in all recent fiction, he succeeded, but the result is that the  events of the plot come out of nowhere. Since the protagonist is so  uninvolved and unaware of the motivations of those around him, it is  impossible for the reader to engage with him or them. There is no  development; things just happen, and the narrator is unaffected by  them.<br />All I can say is that the blank canvas of Leonardo DiCaprio is  probably an apt choice to play the lead role in the film of the book.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Micheal Cretu, with his latest Enigma's &quot;The Screen Behind The Mirror&quot; prooves that this kind of music can survive a decade and will be still VERY intereting to listen. Exploring the beatifully structured  music of Enigma is like being on the hypnotic trip to dreamland. Menancholy  and energy on this album makes you dance, cry and fly at the same time. CD  is packed with mood changing pieces of art from start to the end. Smoothly  but clever arrangement of songs and new sound tricks on this albums prooves  that Cretu didn't loose his talent but gain maturity with his music. Highly  recomended and MUST TO HEAR!
B00000JCOV|5.0|After hearing only the track (sic) I would love the entire album. The songs are so aggressive, they kick you in the chest. Slipknot stands tall above all the current rap-rock type groups, that have followed Korn and have increasingly gotten more lame by album. Some might think that because  they wear masks that that is the band. They're wrong, because the music is  what makes this band, and it is spectacular. Slipknot is the perfect blend  of new metal that only can be defined as Slipknot. They've developed their  own sound, very similar to the way Korn once did. My personal favorite  tracks are the first four actual songs. (sic), eyeless, wait and bleed, and  surfacing. Well worth it's weight!
B000022TSF|5.0|After reading some of the more negative reviews of this movie, I noticed that one theme was their reason for a low rating: the ending.  Well, to those people I ask, &quot;What did you expect?&quot;  Should they have all  happily walked off into the sunset?  Should Evelyn and Noah have just made  up?  Should they have escaped?  No.  Of course not.  If the movie teaches  us nothing less, it's that the world can often (and almost always is)  against us.<br />Take the scene when Jake first meets Evelyn.  He learns a  crude joke at the barbershop and can't wait to relate it to his employees,  unaware that she has opened the door to his office, and is standing right  behind him.  Jake's employees try to warn him, but he shakes them off.   With this scene, Polanski meant to show how often Jake got in over his  head.  How impetuous he was.  How he overestimated his abilities.  And how  he never truly thought something over before diving head-first into it.  He  is flawed and he thinks he's perfect.  He believes whatever happens to him  now is nothing compared to all the stuff that happened to him when he was a  beat cop patrolling Chinatown.  And he must be punished.<br />In short, this  is simply a great movie that deserved a lot more recognition than it  received.  A lot of the negative reviews say that it was overrated; it is  not overrated, it is a story, made for art, not commercial value.   Sometimes stories don't have the happy Hollywood ending, they have the  cold, distant ending that makes the viewer reflect on the wondrous art they  have just watched.
B00000JJQK|5.0|I had originally purchased this album as a teenager in the '80s along with the other Beach Boys standards.  I enjoyed it then, although it was so different from the other hits.<br />I recently came across the tape rummaging  through an old box and popped it in.  Wow.  Now I understand the emotion,  12 years later.  I never recognized the powerful feelings contained in  these songs.  This isn't the kind of album where you say &quot;gee, I feel  good.  I think I'll pop in Pet Sounds&quot;.  There are certain times and  moods when that can really bring out the emotion.  Most of songs really  belong together, and bring the listener through a complete spectrum of  emotion.<br />In comparison, I think that &quot;Days of Future Passed&quot; by  the Moody Blues also has this same kind of &quot;completeness&quot;.  Well,  I'm probably in the minority on that one.  Any thoughts?
6305137293|3.0|Uneven sequel to the original, Halloween 2 is mainly set in a hospital. This is the one where we find out that supernatural menace, Michael Myers is the brother of Laurie Strode(Jamie Leigh Curtis)<br />But the ending leaves  a lot to be desired as both Donald Pleasence and Myers are supposedly blown  up in an explosion in the hospital, thus leaving us thinking both of them  are dead.<br />But it will take a few more Halloween nights before Michael  gets his comeuppance.
6304119046|4.0|The first time I saw this, it really didn't make an impression.  I reacted indiffrently, with no real opinion one way or the other.  The second time, it made a stronger impression.<br />I'll try to simplify the dense, complex  plot by saying it's basically about a man who tries very hard to be good,  (I think), even though everyone keeps telling him how bad he is.  He tries  to build a newspaper empire and succeeds, becoming a Hearst-like  millionaire with a penchant for sensationilizing the truth.  All his other  ventures fail, however.  He marries a president's niece, but the marriage  sours in the space of the famous montage of breakfasts.  He tries to  campaign for president and fails when an extramarital affair is revealed.   He marries the woman he had an affair with and tries to make her an opera  star, but fails because she stinks.  He tries to live like the filthy rich,  building a huge, never-finished mansion in Florida, but fails because it's  unfulfilling.  Eventually, everyone deserts him, and he dies a broken man.   That's basically it, though there is a major plot point I didn't discus.   (You probably know about it and can guess what it is, anyway.)<br />One  reviewer said it's sometimes intriguing, sometimes dull.  I agree.  One  reveiwer said that though the camera work wasn't innovative (It had been  tried before), it was the first time that kind of camera work was brought  into the limelight.  I agree; this was probably the first film where the  camera were a really obvious, integral part of the story.  I can't think of  or haven't seen a film that's ever really equaled the technical wizardry at  work here.  Remember, the technical aspect of the film is what really  inspired everyone to think it was the greatest film ever.  (More on that  later.)  The story has its dull, draggy points, but it does leave an  impression, to me at least the second time.  The acting is kind of  melodramatic, but not terrible.  Orson Welles is pretty good, required toage about 50 years, and in the process going from the 25-year-old he was at  the time to looking almost exactly like he would when he was much older.   That is pretty remarkable, and it is kind of amazing that he made this  (starred in it, directed, produced, and collaborated on the screenplay with  Herman Mancewicz) when he was just 25.<br />Now, about the greatness of this  film.  I had to red a lot of the critical reviews before I got a proper  sense of it; it was kind of apparent while watching it, but not definitly  clear.  Since much of the world considers it the greatest film ever made,  you'd think there must be something to it.  However, some people are turned  off, since most of the people who think it's great or either that crazy  group of intellectuals or people who, it would seem, are just jumping on  the bandwagon.  Here's my opinion, but you can decide for yourself.
B0000039LE|4.0|Halloween - a classic horror movie of the late 70s and the start of a whole load of imitations. Michael Myers is way better than Hockey masked Jason, this film is considered one of the best horrors ever , but I found  it slow in places. Still Brilliant!
B00000FZ1V|5.0|I LOVE this DVD but I have one problem.  It has everything you could possibly want about the movie but it's missing something VERY important.  Where's the original &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; music video?  That one little  edition is all that's missing.
6304675348|5.0|Ok Ok so everyone knows this film, it has become a phenomenon, a great hit for the 90s. I liked this film as it had originality and honoured (and put down ) past horror films, eg: Halloween, Nightmare on elm street, Friday  the 13th and Texas chainsaw massacre.<br />It was so good a sequel was  produced a year later and now in 2000 a 3rd is ready to come out.
B000002OZY|5.0|frist of all rock and roll as we know it would not be any where near where it is now if it wernt for the master piece. i love this c.d IT A MUST HAVE TO ANYONE. YOU WILL THANK ME...
6305089957|5.0|A worthy sequel with another twist ending. Now SCREAM 3 is on the way, I'm hoping that, that one will be as entertaining if not more so.
0345350499|5.0|I loved the book.  The mix of romance and action was absolutely wonderful.  my favorite book so far.  beautifully written.
0060194995|5.0|I have read this book 8 times and am reading it for the ninth time in my highschool novels class. I think it is the best book ever written and teaches us so many lessons for life. I give it 5 stars and 2 thumbs up!
B00000IL1K|4.0|After being ready to dump Sarah Brightman's Time To Say Goodbye, I bought this album. I was so impressed by the sound of this work that I became crazed for her on the spot. Numerically, this album went gold in 11 weeks  after its US release. That's faster than TTSG!<br />My favorite song on the  album is the title track. Most of the other songs are good, too, but I  think TTSG is the best one she did.
0201485672|5.0|Having inherited and written code so incomprehensible it might as well be written in ancient Etruscan, I keep this book with me whenever coding. This book is probably one of the most useful books on programming in my  possession. It takes an example-based approach to refactoring, and includes  a well-written catalog of refactoring methods.
B00000DHR0|3.0|I used to like this chanteuse extraordinaire, but I bought &quot;These Are Special Times&quot; only because Andrea Bocelli was on it. I'm not a fan of Celine Dion anymore (no offense to you other Celine fans out there). She  has a good voice, but it gets so jittery to my ears that when I hear her  voice on the radio, I walk out of the room. Which is NOT to say she's a  horrible artist, not at all, as she had 85 million albums sold between 1996  and 1998. She just doesn't impress me much. That's all. (No offense to you,  either, Celine...)
0385333846|5.0|I caught myself laughing out loud, and two minutes later, almost coming to tears while reading this book. Kurt Vonnugut is brilliant! The ride he takes us on with Billy Pilgrim is amazing, and extremely entertaining. From  Dresden to Illium to Tralfamadore, we cognitively follow Billy's every  step. Good luck stopping at some point, I sure couldn't.
B000002LND|3.0|Hmph! This is Madonna, the Queen of Controversy, in her greatest hits. Yeah they're great prior to her downfall, but Madonna fans who think she's the best female artist out there better THINK AGAIN cause she can't sing.  And she's taken the name of the Virgin Mary in vain! Now I know why  &quot;Like A Virgin,&quot; &quot;Papa Don't Preach&quot; and others have  become controversial.
1559408758|5.0|Please whoever you are bring back this DVD. You have ruened my sad, lonely, meaningless life, and have caused me great disatisfaction. Whoever you are you are an evil man. Why is it out of print? Next you'll be telling  me that they didn't play their own instruments and that these amps didn't  really go to 11 at all. I feel like a preserved moose. What about the White  Album there was nothing on the God Damn cover. Smell my glove you bastards
068815333X|5.0|i have just discovered dennis lehane. What a find. he is compulsive reading. Characterization, plot and style are all first class. Dont let hollywood  mess with his characters though, it could be too distressing. i  look forward to reading all of his books. i'm now about to start on 'a  drink before the war... AND HE'S SO YOUNG !
0790736926|5.0|That John Wayne was not even nominated for Best Actor for his work in &quot;The Searchers&quot; was outright highway robbery.  Hollywood politics probably played a role in the snub- the Duke had been outspoken in support  of blacklisting suspected or former communists.  Hollywood eventually had  to give something to the man who become such an icon that he could no  longer be ignored.  The Oscar the Duke received for his good work in  &quot;True Grit&quot; was more a belated award for his fantastic work in  &quot;Red River,&quot; &quot;The Quiet Man&quot;, &quot;She Wore A Yellow  Ribbon,&quot; and most of all, &quot;The Searchers.&quot;  Of course,  Hollywood later ignored his fine work in &quot;The Cowboys&quot; and  &quot;The Shootist.&quot;<br />I first saw &quot;The Searchers&quot; when I  was 11 early in 1982 and absolutly fell in love with it.  I've since  watched it an uncountable number of times.  It is my favorite western and  my favorite John Wayne film.<br />Personally, the most wonderful parts of  Wayne's performance do not even contain any dialogue.  He is the outsider  on the porch looking at a life he could have had, as he watches Martha and  his brother get ready for bed.  The look of sorrow and concern when he  realizes that he and the Rangers had been duped by the Comanches.  The  expression of pure horror and anger that covers his face when he sees the  burning homestead.  The entire scene when he is framed by the door in the  burning house and finds Martha's dress.  Martha, the woman Ethan loved, was  not just murdered; she was raped. When Ethan finally confronts the man he  holds responsible for that deed- is without a doubt one of the greatest  scenes John Wayne ever did.  The look of pure HATE on his face as he meets  Scar is just awesome to behold.<br />A terrific movie!  A horse opera?  Tell  that to Speilberg and Scorsese who rank it among their favorites too.
B00000JGOH|4.0|This Shakespearean tale is a love story for those of us who are tired of slapstick, prefabricated, formulaic, mass-media-targeted 'flicks.'  Here is a film which includes culture, education, intellect, and skillful  acting/directing.  There were a few moments of lull, but generally moves  along quite well.  Interesting and soul-stirring, this is not your average  love story; beautiful and sentimental.  See it with the one you love.
6303332609|5.0|This movie is'nt for everyone,it's twisted like a kids very bad dream. I love it. Open your mind and let in the natural fear. This movie will take you back if you want to go...Your not to old to be a child again!
B00000ICD9|5.0|What a splendid film!  The cinematography was OUTSTANDING!  The colors and scenes were breathtaking!  And, then, there is the PLOT...  Equally awe-inspiring.  Anyone who has ever found their soulmate or is still  searching, will be deeply moved by the intense emotions portrayed with  exquisite skill by the actors.  This is so much more than a love story: it  is a spiritual experience.  Watch it and transcend.
6303332609|5.0|This movie is'nt for everyone,it's twisted like a kids very bad dream. I love it. Open your mind and let in the natural fear. This movie will take you back if you want to go...Your not to old to be a child again!
6305358613|4.0|While the historical data may or may not be accurate, it is nonetheless, made believable in this film.  It is emotionlly intense and captivating.  A wonderfully interesting story about a historical figure we seldom hear  about in the media.  Wonderful acting, directing, costumes, and screenplay.  It works very well.  Educational and Inspiring.
0780627032|5.0|one word : WOW !  this is so amazing !  I watched all tapes in two days .... Nightmare on Elm street was the first horror movie I saw when I was six and for me this collection is essential for all fans accross the world.  Also to see these tapes in english was really cool because sometime the  dubbing in french sucks .... Since now, I decided to buy all my tapes in  english.  I'll never get bored watching Freddy at work !  Probably the  best thing that happen to horror/suspense movie for a decade !  If you  don't have it, go buy it, you won't regret it !
6305657939|5.0|An excellent turn from all involved, with a superb script, varying levels of uncertainty, and written from a refreshing perspective. Makes other guy-gal movies seem obvious and cloddish. A real romp. I'm a new fan of  Russo's eyes, lips, and cheekbones!
B000002BFZ|5.0|I'm quite sick of reading that 'No Code' is a 'difficult' album, one you will listen to 'from a distance'. There is nothing at all difficult about the album: it's just a collection of 13 incredible songs. 'Hail, Hail',  'Habit', 'Red Mosquito', 'smile', 'lukin' and 'Mankind' are basic rock  songs, great rocksongs, but still rock. What's difficult about that? 'Off  he goes, 'around the bend', 'sometimes' are beautifull slow songs... But in  'I'm open' and 'Present Tense'one can hear the purest form of doubt and  beauty there is to find in the rock catalogue. The only song you can see as  'difficult' is the brillant 'in my tree', with a complex rythm-pattern,  overplayed by sometimes atonal guitar riffs. Of course, it's not really  popmusic, but if you just listen to the music, you can only come to one  conclusion: this album is absolutely brillant
1558807381|5.0|The review by Amazon states that this film is &quot;flawed&quot;, but I fail to see in what way.  I've owned a copy of the videotape since it was first released and I think it's wonderfully directed and masterfully  executed.  The story line is unique - a real departure from the standard  fairytale genre, and the message it sends is worth listening to.  If there  is any flaw in its production, that might only be that certain scenes  &quot;below ground&quot; in the &quot;devil's lair&quot; are a bit dark and  harder to see.  However, the special effects are excellent for their time  (we're talking 1986 here, folks), the music is good and the story contains  sufficient surprize twists to keep an adult viewer (to say nothing of  children) interested.  It's not a fairytale for small children however.   The theme and plot line are too sophisticated for kids under age 10, in my  opinion.  Buy it!  You'll like it!
0887307396|5.0|While making money in the short run seems to be the going craze for most of the young people around, &quot;Built to Last&quot; gives a welcome relief by bringing to the fore what GREAT men (and women) have done to  their companies (and society)by nurturing ideals of achieving time-defying  success that rewrites the rule of success.<br />As the CEO of a growing  education organisation, almost every word of this book struck a chord deep  down in my heart. The notions of long term loyalty to a motive far beyond  money-making is too enthralling ! I tried it out on myself for the past 4  years and presto !  It works !  Sudden extra doses of energies pump  through your veins and the future looks crystal clear...though the haze of  the coming net based society remains an impediment- a welcome  one.<br />Galvanizing workforce across the length and breadth of your  corporation has always needed either an extremely charismatic leader who  could tie all individual goals to something more transcendental or teach  people the virtue of looking beyond the bottomline.<br />I practised this  policy for some years and at the latest AGM of my orgnsn., I was happy to  see the stunned faces of many when I posed the question to them all &quot;A  hundred years from now when all of us would be dead and gone, where would  our organisation be ?&quot;<br />The looks on the faces were telltale. I got  the message clearly. &quot;Built to Last&quot; is the only reason and  motivation that keeps me ticking every day, with an energy level greater  than others.<br />Suggestions -- All the young managers out there...read this  one. It will change forever your life strategy. Yes, it will !
6300274195|2.0|I saw this movie when I was five years old. My parents had to turn it off when I started crying. It's too scary for kids and if you really want to watch this movie watch it without your kids.
6305513414|5.0|We all know 'em and love 'em, and if we don't by now we never will. Questions of acting quality are irrelevant to my mind. The group dynamic that is created between the characters of Kirk, Spock &amp; McCoy, ably  supported by the other regulars, elevate the show for beyong the ordinary.  Its one of those rare situations where group chemistry develops and the  whole becomes far greater than the sum of its parts. Some of the stories  are pure 60's cheese, but some (many) still excite &amp; intrigue today.  <br />I'll be collecting the DVDs anyway. My main reason for contributing this  review is to float the idea of Paramount 'back-engineering' the original  series with modern special effects, a' la Star Wars. I was very impressed  by what was done with the DS9 'Tribbles' episode where the DS9 crew  travelled back to the time of Kirk &amp; co.<br />What do other fans think ?
6301008944|5.0|I love this movie so much that I wore out my first copy. (Now I can't get another copy!)  It has fun adventures of suburban kids in the big city.  It also has romance (both requitted and not) and comedy.  I've loved this  movie since I was a kid and I can't get enough of it!
B00000J7J7|2.0|Sorry, I just don't get it. Listening to this, it seems self-indulgent and while I agree the techniques used are impressive, I keep waiting for the *jazz* of it to emerge. It's pretty, but this guy don't hold a candle to  Bill Evans.
0792842723|3.0|Pierce Brosnan's debut performance as James Bond is something of a mixed bag.<br />It is my belief that Bond films, as a rule, must have a certain formula which ought to be obeyed at all times- the world must be in  jeopardy, the villain must be an insane egomaniac whose plot for world  domination is ridiculously overdone yet somehow plausible (having an  eccentric cast of Bond-hating henchmen is a plus), the action must be fast  and furious, and the locales must be beautiful and exotic. And, naturally,  Bond's female costars must all be ravishingly beautiful women.<br />Goldeneye  falls a little short.<br />Brosnan himself is quite good as Bond. Unlike  Dalton and Lazenby, Brosnan has enough confidence to step into the role and  make it his own knowing that Bond must be a combination of arrogance and  good humor at all times. Lazenby tried to mimic Connery and Dalton, a  wonderful actor, too often confused 007 with Shakespeare. Roger Moore  brought his own talents to the part.<br />Brosnan looks like he's enjoying the  role immensely. To say that he is the best post-Connery Bond is entirely  reasonable.<br />Where Goldeneye fails is with the supporting cast. We have  two Bond girls- Famke Janssen as bad girl Xenia Onatopp, and Izabella  Scorupco as good girl Natalya Simonova. Janssen is quite good as the  Bond-hating villainess who kills men by squeezing them to death between her  thighs. Scorupco is a bit of a disappointment as Bond's bland computergeek  girl. Sean Bean is also something of a disappointment as bad guy Alec  Trevelyan, the former 006 who wants nothing more than to kill his former  colleague. Bean himself is fine, but is given a ridiculously complex  backstory and too often falls prey to idiot villain syndrome (doing dumb  things to save the good guys). Trevelyan's plan for world domination-  utilizing a Russian satellite to zap London with an electromagnetic pulse  (thus erasing computers everywhere) is too expository and clunky for my  taste. <br/>Otherwise &quot;Goldeneye&quot; is fine: The music is okay, the  action sequences are somewhat rushed (the tank sequence in particular), and  the locales are pretty neat (Monte Carlo, Russia, Cuba).<br />Still, Bond's  return from the inactive list could have been better. Not bad at all.
B00000HYXB|2.0|As much as I love Blind Guardian, I cannot believe this record.  This sounds like someone else wrote the album for BG.  It's not a bad record, just not a Blind Guardian-type record.  I must say this album is for  DIE-HARD-BLIND-GUARDIAN-FANS only.  I must say I was thoroughly  disappointed with &quot;Nightfall in Middle Earth&quot;.  Concept albums  are a good idea, but you have to do them well!  Not like this.
B00000IFWE|3.0|I am a tom petty fan i own this album and 5 others by him and more in the past this album is a long step backwards from the wonderfull albums full moon fever wild flowers and great wide open while there r tracks that show  some signs of life most this album is just plain out boring even room at  the top the hit it has a cachy gutar line in it but the rest of the song  just gos on and on it could put you to sleep if you are trying to rtelax  and lisen to it i hate having to give a rock n roll act a not so great  revew but 2 and a half stats is perfect but its not a 2 so i gave it 3  cause there are a few songs worth while but if u dont own much petty save  ur bucks and by full moon fever or wildflowers or maby the best of almost  any one of his others
B000002HPV|5.0|Bjork is just wow. When you listen to her songs, you will be amazed and wonder how anybody could create such a perfect collaboration of unique, chilling vocals, intelligent, surreal, imaginative lyrics, and the most  ear-pleasing blend of musical styles ever. Bjork does it with one eye  closed. &quot;All is Full of Love&quot; is one of the most beautiful songs  ever, period. Definitely check out her video collection, her visual styles  are as unique and beautiful as her music.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I think this album by Savage Garden is one of the best ones I have ever heard. I like them a lot and I fanyone wants to chat with me about them tehy can e-mail me at Discmanwil@aol.com or use AOL instant messenger at  Discmanwil.
B0000028RR|5.0|Seeing as how Amazon.com didn't give this an essential recording label i'll do it for 'em. Rage have crafted a punk/hip-hop masterpiece and shows that you can have politics in your music without coming off like a  preacher. You don't have to act all hurt or scream 'I did it all for the  nookie' to like this. &quot;Freedom&quot; is this albums best song and it's  hit single too. I love all these songs and it's rare that you can have an  album that you can sit through all the way. Rage are an underrated band  even today. They aren't as popular as KoRn or Limp Bizkit, yet those bands  wouldn't even exist without RATM who created the genre. Still, Rage are  pretty succesful and are a critics favorite. &quot;Freedoooom, yeeeaaahh,  freedoooom, yeah right!&quot;
0805017305|5.0|The typical reaction is to angelize a people that our nation has oppressed for over a century.  This is not the truth, although demonizing the native Americans went hand in hand with the systematic extermination of their  culture.<br />Dee Brown takes an even-handed tone in this well-crafted  narrative, journeying through the American West with the advancement of the  United States, each step a broken treaty.  As the world of the Native  Americans is rapidly erroded, reactions are mixed: to treat the invaders as  other Indian populations always fails, as this is a new enemy unlike any  ever seen in tribal societies.  Raids and skirmishes do not deter  aggression--they only invite punishment.  The invasion of civilization is  inexorable, and when this becomes obvious Brown does an excellent job of  covering the various attempts Native Americans make to assimilate with the  invaders.<br />Our nation is by no means innocent.  We are imperialists by  history just as other nations have been.  The only difference is that we  took a mass of land contiguous with our nation, while Europeans sought  patches of land on other continents.  Manifest destiny is revealed for what  it is--and the Native Americans are revealed for the human victims they  were.
B000002KKS|4.0|I must say Heaven &amp; Hell is a masterpiece. Even though I am a huge Black Sabbath fan with Ozzy in the line-up, Ronnie James Dio made the record special in its own way.  Sabbath keeps rocking with this timeless  album. With such great songs as Neon Knights and the title track, this  record is as strong as any other earlier Black Sabbath record.  This is a  MUST have for any person who can appreciate great song writing and  instrument work.
B000002VCO|5.0|I bought this CD for the song &quot;Don't Answer Me,&quot; it is a killer love song which brought back a lot of memories from the early 80's.
B000002HPV|5.0|Amazing album. Two outstanding tracks (they are all incredible) are &quot;Unravel&quot; and &quot;All is full of Love&quot;. If you are a first-time Bjork listener, you might want to start with &quot;debut&quot;  or &quot;post&quot; so you can get a sense of Bjork. She  takes that sense  and stretches it all around on &quot;Homogenic&quot; a must have.
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna's Ray of Light album is by far the most brilliant recording of her career.  It focuses on Madonna herself and not on the same subjects of music you hear on a daily basis.  I have to agree that Madonna herself has  matured and so has her music.  Its not a matter of how high the single will  rank on the charts(even though it did), its more concentrated on the music  itself.  Try comparing this to Madonna's past music!  The album not only  calculates some of Madonna's life in a nutshell, but can also relate to the  listener.  Such songs as &quot;Drowned World(Substitute for Love)&quot; and  &quot;Swim&quot; make you think of how much is has to do with your own  self.  With this album you start to realize that you relate to this musical  genius.  You start to realize that not only are you human, but so is  Madonna.
B000002JS6|1.0|Read my words: If you want REAL demented depraved death-defying rock-and-roll for the ages check out 'Fun House' by the Stooges... now THAT'S a party record you can crank up without shame and without regard for  the fundamental laws of human decency -- and noise ordinances worldwide.  But then again it's too UNSTRUCTURED and SIMPLISTIC and -- dare I say it --  H E A V Y !  You get some primordial sludge like Fun House on your  CD player and you'll come out a fulfilled person; you put on this and you  get mild ribaldry and riffs that sound the way cold oatmeal tastes i.e.  bland as they come. But hey, I can't tell you not to buy it. There's  nothing wrong with sticking to the safe side!
0679746048|1.0|Yes, it's a fast, easy read. But, it is also shallow. Look, I have no problem with shallow. No problem with &quot;junk books.&quot; I just can't stand books that think they're smart. This is not. A psychiatric hospital  should be a haven for interesting characters. Where are they? And what is  most disappointing is how self-aware the author is. You can almost hear  herself thinking, this is funny or this is a really deep thought, or boy,  I'm a talented writer. If you want a passionate, driven, shocking account  of psychiatric hospital life, try Daphne Scholinski's THE LAST TIME I WORE  A DRESS.
B00003XACV|5.0|Thomas Newman's score for American Beauty is one of the few perfect movie scores I can think of.  The music was part of a movie which constantly scaled the heights of greatness both on a technical level and on an  emotional level.  The score fit so intrinsically into the arc of the story  that it seemed almost invisible.<br />On the other hand, by opting for this  elegant approach (and I applaud Newman and director Sam Mendes for having  the good taste to go for a restrained score), it means that as pure music  the score has limitations.  The score album has a diversity of  instrumentation (tabla, piano, woodwinds, synths, guitars) and moods (from  the cynical opening theme &quot;Dead Already&quot; to the achingly spare  &quot;American Beauty&quot; and &quot;Angela Undress&quot;), but overall  there is a slight lack of diversity.<br />I, however, find that to be a good  thing in that this makes the music evocative and subtle.  Instead of trying  to match every musical movement to an emotional climax in the film, the  American Beauty score achieved a rare harmony with the visuals that is  delightful.  And the score, despite its simplicity, is a beautiful piece of  work.  I bring up the lack of dynamics as a clarification, not as a  criticism.  I would wholeheartedly recommend this score for  listening...though, again because of its nature, I would suggest it as a  kind of ambient music -- to be floating around your ear, instead of  painstakingly sought out and isolated.  What this score lacks in punch and  variety, it makes up with ethereal beauty and elegant suggestiveness.
B00000J7J4|5.0|It's easily the best CD all round in 99'!  Santana's awesome
0679745203|3.0|If I can give one bit of advice (which alas is utterly too late) it would be: read the book before you see the movie.  I believe you will get so much more out of it.  I do not believe I liked this book as much as I could have  because I went into it with such impossibly high expectations.  The English  Patient is one of my all time favorite movies and I have seen it several  times.<br />I bought the book about the same time the movie came out (late  1996) but never read it.  I finally picked it up during this year's flu  season...  and expected to be carried right into the same story that I  loved so well.<br />It is very very difficult to shake the images you have  been given by a movie.  I believe I would have enjoyed the book much more  had I been able to draw pictures with my own imagination first  while  reading this book, then later filled out the picture with the movie.  Who  knows, perhaps I would not have been as enamored with the movie then,  although I doubt it - the English Patient as a movie was truly visual  poetry.
B000002VQQ|5.0|This is a great album, tough and strong and lyrically brilliant.  It features one of the greatest first lines of any album.  I saw Patti live immediately after this album came out and she was wild, full of energy and  one of the best live performers I have ever seen, while also being one of  the least polished.  This album only improves with age as the years pass,  while so many other albums from the 1970s and 1980s diminish in stature.   Patti is a great artist and this is one of her best moments.
0440234743|2.0|This was an okay story - I was just expecting GREAT things after reading numerous reviews.  Took this on vacation to read at the beach and it ended up more wet and sandy than read! I have read every Grisham book and have  really liked most of the others, but this one was just  not as good.  I  always feel that these books move along really well, have great characters  and great stories and then just seem to fizzle to an ending.  Is this just  me?  Worth reading, but truly not the best work by this author.
630027179X|5.0|What can I say but a wonderful movie....costumes and locations were most beautiful. Actors were great. Helen Mirren played Morgana Lefay so well....and how could I forget Merlin? :) I'd like to have him teach me a  thing or two... ;)   P.S. Exodusi...please email me :)
0930289331|5.0|It is a shame that, Tim Burton's excellent two outings notwithstanding, the Batman of film and television is the one that is most solidly rooted in the collective psyche of the public. What many current readers may not remember, however, is that the campiness of the 1966-68 TV show was reflected in, and fed off the Batman titles at the time.<br />All of that changed when Dennis O'Neil took over the writing chores and returned the character to the dark roots laid out by the late, great, Bob Kane and Bill Finger. Dennis O'Neil brought Batman comics into and through puberty. Frank Miller brought them into adulthood.<br />Along with the brilliant \\"Dark Knight Returns,\\" \\"Year One\\" bookends the saga of Bruce Wayne by re-interpreting and sometimes redefining the character's roots. In so doing, Frank Miller laid the foundation for the character that today populates the monthly titles. Although not as grim as \\"Dark Knight,\\" \\"Year One\\" nonetheless hits closer to home and is, in my opinion, the best introduction to the character for anyone unfamiliar with it outside of film and TV.<br />The parallel struggles of Bruce Wayne and Jim Gordon to \\"clean up a city that likes being dirty\\" are brilliantly rendered by Miller, possibly the finest comics writer EVER. Miller's Jim Gordon is a far cry from the incompetent beat cop shown in movies and TV. He is a passionate, crusading man, the sort of cop Bruce Wayne might have been in another reality.<br />Opinions have always been strong one way or the other about the art in \\"Year One.\\" For my money, you couldn't ask for more. Mazzucchelli's pencils work wonders even beyond what he did in \\"Daredevil: Born Again,\\" and the coloring is particularly striking in its subtlety, even more so when you consider the \\"beat you over the head\\" standards of late-'80s comics.<br />All in all, this is the definitive Batman origin story. That Miller, Mazzucchelli and Lewis also manage to turn it into one of the finest Batman stories ever told is evidencedby the lasting impact it had on all subsequent interpretations of the characters involved. An all-around winner.
0792839846|5.0|Now I know where Isabella Rosellini gets her hybrid talent and beauty!   I can only say that Ingrid Bergman is one of the most beautiful faces ever to grace the silver screen and that talent of hers was unsurpassed!  A  genuine actress with real talent when Hollywood still had morals.  In my  opinion, the ending is what makes this movie the all time classic that it  is today and unquestionably my favorite.<br />The movie was very hip for its  day:  a scandaluos beloved woman in desperate times - just thinking about  any number of sceens with her and Boggie still brings tears to my eyes...
B000002I27|4.0|Sure this isn't like the debut, but this sure is good!  Some of the songs on this are better then the ones on the debut, like You're Lost Little Girl and Moonlight Drive.  There is still some bad songs on here, Horse  Latitudes, I Can't See Your Face In My Mind, stuff like that.  Oddly  though, I come back to this album the most.  I love it.  Buy this and the  self titled and you won't be sad!
B00003CXA4|5.0|This movie is a story of a simple man who changed the world with his moral and willpower. He showed to the world that truth, morals and nonviolence are the most powerful weapons.
B000002U82|5.0|This is a stellar CD. It could easily become the highest-selling album of all time. The songs are all hits. For anyone who doesn't already have this CD, you should buy it.
B000003BEM|5.0|This recording by the Stones HAS IT ALL!  Good evil rock n roll with the hits Street Fightin' Man and Sympathy For The Devil.  Lighthearted Country(Dear Doctor, Factory Girl).  Some awesome blues tunes like Parachute Woman, Stray Cat Blues, and Prodigal Son.  You gotta love Jaggers  tone on the last tune mentioned.  And how could I leave out the other three  stunners.  No Expectations with Brian Jones' haunting acoustic guitar  patterns.  The gospel flavored Salt Of The Earth and the multi themed  Jigsaw Puzzle with some creative lyrics.  This record is more than just the  songs themselves.  Its about good singing great playing and that each song  has a unique style to it.  This the Stones at peak performance and should  be a part of most any record collection.
B000001FXR|5.0|What a great start!  This album is one of the greatest debuts ever, alongside with The Doors.  The first two songs, Concrete Jungle and Slave Driver are both awesome songs.  Slave Driver is one of the catchiest tunes  you'll ever hear.  The next two, 400 Years and Stop That Train are also  gems, from Peter Tosh.  These songs make you wish Tosh stayed with Marley  for another couple albums before he went solo, because these are great  songs.  Then theres a few love songs too, Baby We've Got a Date, Stir It  Up, and Kinky Reggae are the notable ones.  Stir It Up is one of the most  beautiful reggae songs you'll ever hear.  <br /> This is a magnificant debut,  sure, it isn't there first recording, their early stuff in Jamaica wasn't  released here.  But this was the original, and in my opinion, the best line  up, but I still have yet to check out the other albums.  Albums like this  make you wish Peter Tosh and Bob Marley were still alive.
B000007NYS|5.0|Hi Im a Deadhead at heart, I love good music well performed. This CD actually is stronger than Car Wheels in some ways. It grabs you and makes you listen. I didnt even know there was this historical Lucinda &quot;out  there&quot; til my girlfriend emailed me a site about her mentioning her  previous releases. There are some awesome roots blues songs on here as well  as original Lucinda songs. Extremely highly big-time &amp; (add your own  superlative here) recomended. You won't be sorry!  Buy it - listen! - drink  it in.  You will be happy you did. ........Jim
B00000JPH5|5.0|If you like Witches, Legend, and Dark Crystal, you should watch Labrinth. <br />It is . . .<br />*full of amazing affets, and awe inspiring        costumes and music that you will remember.  <br />* perfect for children, and adults  who haven't grown up. <br />*a perfect way to cheer yourself up<br />Prepare for  an intricate world of the unexpected and imagination. A classic and  masterpeice. <br />Headwor-Hogget-Hoggle =) is endearing, and Bowie spookie, a  movie full of talent and creativity in all aspects, unforgettable and  magical.
B000002J03|3.0|As stated in other reviews that I have written on Led Zeppelin, I am NOT a fan of their music. However, this recording features Jimmy Page at his absolute best. On Whote Lotta Love, Lemon Song,Hearbreaker, and Moby Dick, Page plays some very memorable guitar licks. In addition, his guitar tone is quite pleasant and supports Robert Plants passionate vocals on the mellow ballad Thank You. Then there is What Is And What Should Never Be. Page plays an interesting rhythm which even shows that he may have some jazz chops in his soul.  Ramble On also has some interesting guitar embellishments as well. Whereas I doubt if I could ever become a major fan of this band(mostly due to Robert Plants vocal style, I would recommend this and Houses Of The Holy as two purchases for anyone who likes or is interested in Led Zeppelin.  For those people who only want to read good things about Led Zeppelin, I suggest that you open your minds to different perspectives.  In this review I have tried to state what I like and dislike about this record and the band as a whole. I may not be a fan of the band, but ask those who cast as vote here to understand that I am trying to be objective. This would be a pretty boring world if we all thought the same way.
B000002A3T|5.0|Alright, enough with the internet geeks' shabby and bitter &quot;review debate&quot;. You're supposed to be reviewing the album, not whether old floyd is better than new floyd. I don't know what's stuck in you kids'  ears, but I hear a band that's grown to set standards and create beautiful  music on all of their albums. You shouldn't be calling yourself a floyd fan  if you can't respect what they do. True, their style has changed, but that  has nothing to do with what pink floyd is, a band that has continued (over  many decades) to revolutionize rock music. And, other than bowie, I don't  know of many bands that can even claim a similar achievement to that. I  don't call it being loyal, I just call it knowing good music. And this is a  fine example. So stop with the bitching, you bunch a zits.
B00000JSHZ|5.0|This is an absolutely great horror movie, that  will make you laugh out loud. The &quot; Child's Play &quot; series has always been a fun series to watch, with it's wonderful gore, wonderful humor and ofcourse the wonderful Chucky! I always have had a great time laughing while watching these  movies. And I can't wait for the next film. I mean it's so funny watching  Chucky killing people, because he's so little, and it's also so funny that  in every one of these films he's ultimately determined! Chucky is just a  wondeful horror villain. Chucky has been spawned by the great horror  villains, Freddy, Jason, Michael Myers, Leatherface, Norman Bates, Pinhead  etc. And coming along with these other great horror villains of many  sequels, Chucky has even homaged them in &quot; Bride Of Chucky. &quot;  Well, here's your plot to the film that introduced the little one!  Andy  Barclay's this little fan of the GOOD GUYS t.v. show. He watches it all the  time. And when it's revealed that GOOD GUY dolls are being released, he's  just gotta have one! Eventually his mother, played by Katherine Hicks,  purchases one of the GOOD GUY dolls off of a homeless man.  Only, this doll  isn't your ordinary hug-buddy, he's been possessed by the soul of the  lake-shore strangler, Charles Lee Ray a.k.a. Chucky. And all hell breaks  loose!
0140186409|5.0|I don't know if I can adequately express how wonderful I think this book is.  Steinbeck writes with incredibly vivid imagery and passion in all his books but this is his best and affected me the most.<br />Grapes absolutely  should be required reading, not only because it is Steinbeck or excellent  literature but because it is a powerful story of human nature, social  conscience, prejudice and classism.  This book opened my eyes to the plight  of yet one more minority group, migrant farm workers.  I cannot drive by  fields filled with people picking our fruits and vegetables without  thinking of this book and the lives of these folks.  Thank God for people  like Cesar Chavez and the union he created to help.  But I  digress....<br />This is a heart-wrenching, sad story of a family's search for  relief from the Dust Bowl of Oklahoma and a better life in California.  The  better life doesn't come by the end of the book but the reader is left a  more compassionate person. Quite an accomplishment. Thank you Mr.  Steinbeck.
0782008364|5.0|A thoroughly absorbing caper from the first scene to the last.  If you like sitting on the edge of your seat, wondering what in the world is going to happen next, then you'll love being plopped  down into the intricate  maze of this film.  The story twists and turns unpredictably, and the  billiantly quirky cinematography and seamless editing add to the fun.  Great star-turns by Jennifer Tilly, Joe Pantoliano, and especially Gina  Gershon who never hits a false note.  There's also an edgy, over-the-top  performance by Christopher Meloni as a gleefully sadistic mobster; Meloni  makes his scenes crackle with barely contained malice, and proves once  again that he's a highly capable actor with a commanding on-screen  presence.<br />The DVD presentation of this underrated gem is quite good.  &quot;Bound&quot; is much more enjoyable when viewed in widescreen, and the  sharp transfer offered on the disc is a vast improvement over the VHS  version.  The theatrical trailer and audio commentaries are enjoyable  extras.  A &quot;making of&quot; featurette would have been a nice bonus -  but even without it, this is a great DVD that current and future fans of  the movie will be proud to own.
B0000025DD|5.0|I personally love this album. I must point out, however, that a person should not pit this album against any pink floyd work. Dave did this as a solo piece, and if he wanted it to sound like floyd...it wouldn't be a solo  work. I have alot of respect for an artist that is willing to show his  talent away from his most popular medium. You have to listen to it as if  you've never heard him before...because that's how it's supposed to be.
1878424319|5.0|This book is written with a disarming,child-like and charming simplicity.  Only upon reflection is the depth of this wisdom appreciated. I have found that the Four Agreements cover any aspect of human interaction I have  encountered.  In the hectic pace that most of us experience, it helps to  have a simplistic touchstone to help keep the focus.  I also find that  these agreements (and their explanations) are not at odds with my personal  ethics/beliefs.  I purchase multiple copies of this book and have shared it  with friends.  One friend made peace with her father after over 20 years of  non-communication.  Can I attribute it all to this book?  Probably not.   But it certainly helped.
B00003ZKSP|5.0|Anyone who doesn't have the balls to give this cd a chance doesn't deserve to have ears. Fred Durst may have talked bad about this band but its cuse hes intimidated. ;)
B000031XCR|3.0|This is not a bad album at all. I got it as a Christmas gift from a friend of mine. But HOW can Celine have a greatest hits album without &quot;Where Does My Heart Beat Now&quot;?  &quot;Misled&quot; and &quot;Think  Twice&quot; should be here too. And &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; sounds  better on the &quot;Titanic&quot; soundtrack.<br />Other than that, not bad.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This Cd Used To Be Good, but it got old real fast
0671027344|5.0|I just finished reading &quot;The Perks of Being a Wallflower,&quot; a book I probably would not have read if I hadn't received it as a gift.  Luckily this wasn't my fate.  Overall, the letters sent by Charlie capture all of the feelings that I have experienced and continue to experience as a  high school student.  I highly suggest it to readers of all ages, for even  if you can't relate to everything Charlie goes through like I did, it will  still be an emotional journey into the depths of your being.
B00000K2W1|5.0|janis = power.  what a liberated yet tragic story!  what a voice!  what a soul - she was wonderful and amazing.  this collection is a perfect collection for anywoman seeking a solid introduction to Janis.  This is a  great way to get an idea for they type of blues and sould power that she  possessed.  When I soul search I take Janis with me - I love you Janis!   elleng
B00003XB8K|5.0|If you are a fan of enigma's previous works, you'll be sure to love this latest album. There are a lot of old sounds mixed in with new ones, from the fast paced guitar rifts (e.g. &quot;I love you...I'll kill you&quot;)  to the Tibetan chants to the sounds of a drop of water dripping (from the  first album). With the additions of the samples of &quot;Carmina  Burana&quot; and church bells, there is a sense of dramaticism as well as a  sense of awe. One thing I noticed off the bat was that  Enigma's signature  drum beats are more sharp and powerful in this album. The rythme doesn't  languidly carry you through each track, it drives you through them. When  you play Screen Behind the Mirror, you won't just hear the music, you can  feel it.
0385493800|4.0|I was especially moved by grisham's poignant portrayal of the missionary.  Her selfless devotion combined with selfish bitterness was so remarkably human.  What a beautiful ending.  What a wonderful lesson in a life  comitted to the perfect will of her God.  Every character was perfectly  expressed.  God bless Nate O'Reilly!  Truth is certainly stranger than  fiction.  In this case, fiction has a terrific sense of truth.
0060977493|5.0|I first read this book when it was shrouded by controversy, and everyone had an opinion, especially in the Kerala community - and I couldn't get through the first chapter. <br />Recently, I picked up the book again, and  THIS time, I couldn't put it down until it was over. Being from Kerala, I  was taken aback (and impressed) by Roy's honest assessment of the dark side  of the Malayalee community. <br />For those of you who haven't been able to  finish the book, read it again when all your pre-conceived notions have  faded, and you're not expecting anything. <br />The book is excellent... and  haunting. Its images stay in your mind long after you're done with the  story.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Michael Cretu's latest offering is a must for Enigma fans.  It's methodical beats and haunting chants provide a sensual escape for the mind. It's definitely a great addition to my music collection.  If you liked  MCMXCa.D., you will thoroughly find this CD equally astonishing.
B000002MP2|5.0|Alright. alot of resement comes from other rockers and other fans who think they arent punk....i personally even recieve resentment from all those NOFX fans.....well NOFX fans put this in your pipe and smoke  it......&quot;NOFX STINKS&quot; anyway back to Green Day. Green Day's  combination of heavy guitar parts and a young sense of having fun by  pissing people off. its just a great CD and everyone should have it.
B00000ILBK|5.0|I thought the movie did stand out from the rest of the series with respect to the various twists involved.  Take that away, and you have the typical format layer of play - Away mission goes down and does there thing, while  the ship has it's own priorities.  Over all the most entertaining Star Trek  Saga Yet.
B000002UB3|5.0|In response to several disparaging reviews of this album, I feel compelled to add my 2 cents. The Beatles sound and style may not be analogous to every person's taste in music but to lambast this album as 'childish' or  containing only 'one good song' is to not fully realize the complexity and  genius of this band's songwriting. Perhaps Maxwell's Silver Hammer sounds  childlike but to invalidate an entire album and, in some reviews, the  entire band for unconventional lyrics is too bad. I can only hope that one  day people are exposed to the intricacy and beauty of the Beatles music  that can be hard to appreciate without a deeper understanding of music  theory and their permanent impact on popular music. In response to the  album, I can only say to give it a listen and try to pick out the themes  (musical and lyrical) between the songs You Never Give Me Your Money,  Golden Slumbers, and Carry that Weight. It mimics the structure of some of  the greatest classical composers with the Beatles own brilliance thrown in.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Enigma mastermind Michael Cretu has been remarkably low-key during the electronica revolution despite the fact that his early compositions can easily be viewed as a key catalyst in starting the club-rooted movement.  With &quot;The Screen Behind The Mirror,&quot; Cretu claims his rightful  place among the top-shelf artists of electronica, offering well-crafted  material that could elevate the genre to a new level of creativity and  mainstream credibility. Cuts like the percussive, yet dreamy  &quot;Gate&quot; and the sweeping, cinematic &quot;Push The Limits&quot;  are rich with complex melodies, insinuating rhythms, and the kind of hooks  that make radio programmers sit up and take notice. In fact, the instantly  memorable, hip-hop-inflected &quot;Gravity Of Love,&quot; which features an  enchanting lead vocal by Olive's Ruth-Ann, has the makings of a smash. It's  an excellent introduction to one of the first must-hear albums of 2000.
B000007T1M|2.0|I listened to most of this album. I heard &quot;Sugar&quot; and &quot;Spiders&quot; on the radio, first, and there just WASN'T anything catchy about this band. For one, the guitar riffs are boring. They only  have one guitarist, but the sounds could have been easily made by an  ampilifed rubberband if someone found a way to do that. Second, the  lyricist (if that's what you call him) has the same voice on almost every  song; it's that voice which is long overused in 90s Neo-Metal; the  shivering, angry whining which was made famous by Korn and continues to be  used to this day. I doubt that's what this band had in mind, but it's not  really flattering. If I heard them live, I might give a higher rating, I  don't know. To me this CD is not worth the time; it wasn't  well-orchestrated and there didn't seem like there was a whole lot of  effort put into it.
0792139771|4.0|Well, I struggled through many bashings of Braveheart and a line by tomdan34 finally sparked my actualy writing a response. Tomdan34 wrote: &quot;who wouldn't rather hang out with their loved ones than engage in  monstrous bloody warfare?&quot; Well, it may be true that the message was  not strongly emphasized, but Wallace attempted to communicate that he did  not wish to fight.  He claimed his desire to grow crops and raise a family  in peace.  I don't interpret this to mean that Wallace preferred hacking  off limbs to enjoying a horse ride in the rain with his loved one.     Others trounced Braveheart mocking of the &quot;freedom&quot; that Wallace  searched for but Gibson did not explain.  But I think the ability to marry  whom you wish and to expect that person not to be raped by rulers because  it is &quot;their right&quot; is a pretty clear example of what freedom  is.<br />Wallace may have been wrong that fighting was the only way to attain  the freedom he envisioned, but the movie depicted that he saw it as his  only option. Wallace's personal obligation to freedom was more important  than avoiding brutality.  We may not agree with his priorities, but freedom  was more important than brutality to the character in the movie.  That last  phrase is particularly important I think: to the character in the movie.   The character and the story as Mel saw them.  Not a claim of truth of fact,  but a character and a story as Mel saw them.<br />I would rather spend time  with my loved ones than pillage a town, but I won't call Braveheart a bad  movie because it doesn't glorify my own ideals and life goals.<br />Of  homophobia.  One bashing review claimed that the prince was not shown in a  humanistic light.  I challenge, were any of the characters?  I did not see  Robert the Bruce's father in a humanistic light.  I saw him as a ruthless,  power hungry, back stabbing eel, lacking any of his own convictions.  Not  very human in my thinking.  Not when I think of honor andintegrity and  compassion as some of the more important human capacities.  I hated the  Bruce's father.  I had no hatred of the prince.  I held only compassion for  a man who did not know how to fit into a world that would not accept his  non-aggressive nature, which I do not understand why must be attributed to  his homosexuality.  The prince and his advisor desired for more  non-aggressive tactics for maintaining rule.  How is this inhuman?  The  king was a most dispicably ruthless man, inhuman in his lack of compassion  and understanding.  The prince may have been the most human character of  all, just one that did not fit in his surroundings.  I do not see why this  must be homophobia.<br />In general, those who bash Braveheart seem to be  looking for something to dislike and not appreciating the beauty of what  the movie offers.  Sometimes that beauty is horrifying, but it is the  beauty of accurately recreating the horror of war.  For some it is  disbelief in a love story, when it is creating the beauty of &quot;true  love&quot;.  For some it is historical inaccuracy, when it is the beauty of  his story, Mel's story and not someone else's story.  All in all, it is art  in the 90's genre called &quot;movie&quot; which encompasses acting,  costuming, creating sets, writing dialogue, making special effects,  directing, and the telling of a story.  For those who bash Bravheart, it  seems they miss trying to appreciate the merrits of the film in these  categories opting for degrading it on irrelevant criteria.  This also does  not mean that their claims are inaccurate--they may be right on in some  cases.  I'm just saying that it seems out of place to judge the quality of  the movie on those criteria. Certainly Braveheart has its mistakes, but on  the whole I find it a very professionally created piece of art.
6305165912|5.0|After renting it twice, I'm buying this DVD to save money in the long run. The Dude is one of my all time favorite movie characters, seeming more real than many people. He's the kind of guy that if you were his brother or  sister, every conversation about him would end with \\"...but he's a great guy  and I love him\\". The people who give this movie a bad review would be his  poor parents that just don't understand him or his friends.  This movie is  solid proof that box office reciepts are meaningless.<br />And remember, if  you want a toe? There are ways, I can get ya a toe.
B000006045|4.0|Let me first say that I am no great proponant of the genres that get lumped together as &quot;electronic music.&quot;  Most of the time it leaves me kind of unfulfilled.  Massive Attack, however, has really caused  me to open my eyes to this particular style.  I am still no expert on  &quot;trip hop.&quot;  Im not even sure if that is the correct term for  these artists, but I do know that this is an incredible ablum.  Since I got  it I have bought several of Massive Attack's albums, as well as some  Tricky.  I definately recommend this particular album to anyone who is  interested in possibly getting into &quot;Trip Hop.&quot;  You wont be  dissapointed.
6300214419|4.0|This is a very good movie.  It is a true classic love story!  Boy meets girl..girl meets boy.  They realize it can't work and then in the end they find they are good for one another!
B00000JZI9|3.0|...Kevin Costner had sunk for real in his waterworld, and so would not have been able to spoil my pleasure watching an otherwise fine cast.     Luckily they were too many for him, so he could not ruin it completely. But  I'd like very much to see a remake with anybody else able to act, so I  could put 5 stars.
B00000DLV1|5.0|It was difficult for me to imagine what Portishead would sound like live before I heard this record.  Their sound seems so dependant on a variety of synthisizers and samples, so my expectations were low.  Suprisingly,  however, this is their best album.  Whether it is the addition of the  orchestra, or the different (yet the same) way the songs are arranged, or  simply the less produced vocals, I dont know.  But something on this album  made these songs sound better.  They are more moving, more gut wrenching.   This is a great album.  I highly reccomend it to those of you who like  Portishead, as well as those of you who are simply curious.  I think this  album would make the perfect gift for a person whos musical tastes you dont  know very well, Since Portishead is kind of difficult to categorize, but  consistantly makes beautiful music.
B00002E224|5.0|This movie is just amazing. Ive seen it like three hundred times. I like the way Jesse and Celine fall in love in Vienna, just talking and getting to know each other. Besides, its a romantic and an intelligent film. Also,  the music is beautiful. If you see this movie in a store, do not miss it,  because after you watch this movie, your vision of love and travelling will  change.
0790730960|2.0|See my review for BATMAN. This is more of the same, only even worse. However, it has Michelle Pfeiffer as Catwoman. She single-handedly elevates this into almost worth watching. I still love her, even though this and  FRANKIE AND JOHNNY are her two really good roles...and THE RUSSIA HOUSE.
B000020617|3.0|The Foos do it again! Erm...um...well maybe not.<br />After an impressive self-titled debut in 1995, and a strong follow up in 1997 (The Colour And The Shape), the Foo's third long player is somewhat of a disappointment.  The Grohl growl and snarl that punctuated the Foo's prior albums is  achingly absent here. Grohl trades in the boot-stomping rockers with FM  radio melodic pop. The results themselves aren't entirely disastrous, but  from what the Foo's have shown us, this album is a step in unknown  territory. One only hopes Grohl knows what he's doing.<br />'There Is Nothing  Left To Lose' is not a bad album. Songs like 'Aurora' and 'Stacked Actors,'  remind us why we liked these guys in the first place. And even if this one  isn't as great as the other two, it still makes for a worthwhile and  listen.
0790731002|2.0|At this point, I began to wonder why I bothered, so I skipped it. My brother rented it one night. So I watched this ominously titled film. It is horrible. The script is awful, the performances are just as bad as if  Burton was directing it, and the cinematography, while interesting, is  intrusive and obnoxious. It is impossible to follow the badly-staged action  scenes. Jim Carrey in particular is really, really bad. It introduced the  benightedly bad Chris O'Donnell as Robin. So why in the hell does it get  the highest rating of the series? Because I enjoyed it. Somehow, all the  horribleness of it came together for an entertaining movie. It is also the  shortest (oddly enough, the other three are all the exact same length...).  The big question is why in the hell did they lose the Batman theme, the  best part of the previous films?
B00000BKI4|4.0|Deserter's Songs is a record that will take many spins to fully realise. I can't say that it's one of my favourites simply because it's too left of center for me to wholly appreciate.  I can often listen to most of the  songs but have never played it from start to finish. 'Opus 40' and 'Goddess  On A Hi-Way' are great songs, but 'Endlessly' is cloying. Regarded as one  of the best albums of 1998. I'd say it ranks up there, but listen to it  without those lofty expectations, and prepare to be swept away.
080017948X|5.0|Arrogant and self centred TV weatherman Phil Connors is given a chance to fundamentally change himself in this reworked and updated version of Dickens a Christmas Carol.<br />What would you do if you had the gift (or more  likely the curse) of immortality but were condemned to spend it in the same  tiny provincial town and to re-live the events of one isolated day? Phil  goes through the whole spectrum of emotions as he tries to come to terms  with his unique predicament. Frustration, anger and rock bottom despair.  Eventually he comes to accept his lot and starts to enthusiastically  indulge himself in a completely selfish manner. He tries desperately to  seduce Rita his producer, but she always manages to see through his veneer  of pleasantness to the ugly character underneath. Its hard not to be moved  by Phil's despair when the Ray Charles track `You don't know me' is played.  Much much later on he stops thinking of himself and begins unselfishly to  help the townspeople through their day. As in life we reap what we sow, and  Phil is eventually rewarded for his new found humanity.<br />Groundhog Day is  a truly great film and it works on many levels, as a black comedy, a love  story, and a spiritual journey. It's one of those rare films that you can  watch over and over and still feel it's impact. Bill Murray deserved an  Oscar for his performance and the supporting cast were totally solid too. I  defy anyone to see the Ned Ryerson character (needle nose Ned, Ned the  head) and not feel the urge to damage him in some way. Buy this classic  film and enjoy it forever.
B00002DE0S|3.0|First of all this is a very good recording. Zimerman is a fantastic pianist.  What I don't understand is why he hand-picked each musician! I don't find it obvious at all when I hear the result. It sounds just like  any other Chopin recording. I find the orchestra too heavy and their  sonority is hardly appropriate for the vital and brilliant music of Chopin.  I would instead  strongly recommend the recording with Emanuel Ax and the  Orc. of the Age of Enlighment. Played brilliantly on an Erard piano it  shines high above the Zimerman recording. And the orchestra brings out the  music clear and beautiful. Even though the musicians haven't been chosen  one by one!
0590353403|5.0|I read Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone. One night Harry receives a letter from Hogwarts, the school witch and wizardy.Harry is excited to get away from his rotten Aunt and Uncle the Dusleys. But when he goes to Hogwarts danger strikes. Please read Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone,  If you liked that one read the other two Harry Potter and the Chamber of  Secrets and Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban. I really liked the  book. The author is J.K. Rowling. She has a great imagination.
B000002BBY|3.0|I would like to thank The Beatles, Bob Dylan and David Bowie for making this album possible. If you have no idea what I'm talking about,listen to the tracks &quot;Wonderwall&quot;(the name of George Harrison's first solo  album) and &quot;Don't Look Back in Anger&quot;(derived from Bob Dylan's  &quot;Don't Look Back and David Bowie's &quot;Look Back in Anger&quot;. An  infinitely better song). The only thing this album has going for it is  &quot;catchy tunes&quot; that stick in your head. What this album doesn't  have going for it is originality. And the worst part is that they know  they're doing it and they make like they're creating art. I think the line:  &quot;The sound you make is MUZAK to my ears&quot; from John Lennon's  &quot;How Do You Sleep?&quot; can be said for the Gallagher brother's  entire career. A catchy dud.
0590353403|5.0|Harry POtter and the Sourcers Stone is a great book.It is about a boy named Harry. Harry is a wizard. HE goes to the school called Hogwarts.Harry likes to snoop around. To see if Harry gets caught read this book. It is written by J.K Rowling.
0375707972|4.0|This book is clearly not for the average reader, as it evokes a time that unfortunately few understand.  A beautifully written account, although troubling.
0590353403|5.0|Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone was the best book I have ever read. It is about a boy named Harry Potter. He lives with his aunt and uncle. His room is a cupboard under the stairs. Harry Potter lives with his aunt and uncle because his parents died when he was really little. I really liked  the book!
B000001G89|5.0|Just outstanding! Don't pay attention to the ones that say this is a pure waste of money...it's gold made music wether it's for performance, conducting, recording and of course...music!
B000006O7C|5.0|This is my 1rst Jeff Buckley CD. I saw it at the Virgin Megastore, listened to Jewel Box and bought it on an impulse. I think that the rawness of the songs add to their beauty. I love the haunting We Could Be So Happy,  Jewel Box, Satisfied Mind and Nightmares by the Sea. This is a great cd and  a must for music lovers everywhere.
B000002UDB|4.0|There are some really good tunes on here.  Magical Mystery Tour is a pretty standard Beatles song.  Fool On The Hill is good, too.  The real highlight on the album is Lennon's Strawberry Field's Forever, which is a  masterpiece.<br />Bluejay Way is one of those psychedelic songs from the era,  and it's a nice piece by Harrison.  How could you not like I Am The Walrus?   Closing out the record is All You Need Is Love, which was the anthem for a  decade...need more be said?
0679720200|5.0|All I can say is that this book is simply fantastic. Despite its brevity and spareness... the essence of it, and all the concerns that it addressed remain deeply relevant today. It changed and challenged many of my views  and perceptions on life, God and redemption. It was one of the best books  I've read so far.
0870119435|5.0|I COULD NEVER GUESS SO MANY PEOPLE MIGHT SHARE THE FEELINGS I EXPERIENCED WHEN READING IT. BUT SINCE I DISCOVERED IT IN 95 THIS IS THE BOOK I GIVE TO THE PEOPLE I LOVE DEARLY, A PRESENT OF FRIENDSHIP, AS WORTH AS NOT EVEN A  GOLD RING COULD BE. MURAKAMI IS A MASTER OF PUPPETS, AND PULLS THE STRINGS  OF PASSION AND EMOTION WITH MERCY AND COMPASSION FOR HUMANKIND. GREAT  HARUKI, YOU ARE A GIFT OF GOD!
B00000I952|5.0|The visitors album is a masterpiece which was recorded ahead of its time.I first listed to it back in 1985 and fell in love.In the year 2000 it still wont fade away. Though both couples had post divorce blues,it was abba at  its best.   Can anyone email me the lyrics of this album?
6301966015|3.0|This movie is supposedly about reality and illusion. The illusion is that it's a classic movie. Reality enters it only in the scene when the photographer cavorts with the two naked dolly birds. Imaginary tennis  balls? Give me a break.
0767830555|5.0|The story of a mans journey into maddness and its one hell of a ride! De Niro wow what a performance as the afflicted Travis Bickle,a cabbie whose job and lonliness are wearing him down, he starts a obbsession with a local  senators campaign worker Betsy played by (Cybill Shepherd) he actually gets  here on a date and the guy takes her to a ... well I'll leave that out for  those of you who hav'nt seen the movie yet. The lines in this movie are  classics and people well into the next century will be using the line Ya  talkin ta me? Some other memorable characters are Iris the teenage runaway  hooker played by (Jodie Foster) as a young girl at the time,and her pimp  named Sport played by (Harvey Keitel). The ending is a mind blower  seriously,you get to see De Niro in a mowhawk, and here Keitel say (hey pal  you better get back to your tribe before I have ta hurt ya! A great one  man,the DVD has alot of nice extras too like a script by scene follow  along,and a cool storyboard follow along too,a very worthy purchase,I  reccomend ya by it.
B000003CMB|4.0|This is one of my personal favorites, but the extended jams do not make a good CD for a newcomer.  If you have other stuff by ABB BUY THIS NOW!
B00001U0GQ|5.0|When I first saw the words directors cut I was over joyed that they finally did it. The added scenes make for a better understanding of the story and should never have been cut in the first place, probably the  studios work.The lengthened battle scene at the fort is incredible you  really get to watch the famous British volley , and the incredible effects  it has on some poor French soliders. Oh and this is for the individual who  was bashing the battle scenes in the movie, the reason that Hawkeye and his  companions seem to always hit their mark is this, they were using rifles  and the Hurons and most of the other Indian tribes were using  cheap,unreliable (trade muskets) that the french and English traded  them,you see there is a big difference in the accuracy. Next time do a  little research before you start bashing a film like this. In closing I was  pleased with the DVD but a little disappointed that there was'nt as that  many extras, no theatrical trailer,cast interviews,production notes and no  soundtrack. The amazing power of this movie more than made up for the  little drawbacks though,I highly recommend this DVD to all the fans of this  movie,its a must.
0780626478|5.0|I loved this movie.  Having grown up through the years this movie spans I really got a good laugh at the fun poked at those years.  It was so accurate!   As a mother, I loved seeing the fantasy of what we could  teach our children and how close we could be to them if we didn't have to  deal with  outside influences (espcially of the 90's!). Adam and his family  are so 50's!  The character of Adam, played by Bendan Fraser, is self  posessed, confident and secure.  He lives by the rules and limits he was  taught by his parents and he uses them to successfully navigate through a  world he's never set foot on before. He's able to enjoy the world and be in  awe of the things we take for granted. He's a sane person in an insane  world. He has talent, compassion, curiosity.    Christopher Walken, who  usually scares me, won my heart. His character is  full of childlike  wonder. He is driven by moral and family responsibility and he characatures  a science nerd perfectly. His performance is really funny.  Sissy Spacek's  comic side is also wonderful. The subtle humor of her role is like a  precision time-piece.<br />There is a lot going on this this movie.  You  really have to pay attention to every detail. Blast From the Past is a  delightful time capsule of the last 40 years and fantasy about how nice  things would be if....<br />It is
0440224764|1.0|This was my fourth and last John Grisham book.  It began well enough with the hero being tortured in a South American jungle by God-knows-who.  But my desire to know more about this character quickly dissolved.  Like all of  Grisham's characters, this one, too, was not only cliched, but mega-stupid  (a la Darby Shaw in The Pelican Brief who used her credit card, for God's  sake when she was being followed).  The ending alone proved that.  Why in  the world  any man with even a modicum of intelligence would ever want to  see THAT witch again is beyond me.  Grisham treats us likes he's writing to  five-year olds and I, for one, don't like it.  Goodbye, John Grisham and  good riddance!
B000003BDJ|5.0|Every single rock fan must own this album.  It does not matter what type of rock you are into -- rockabilly, heavy metal, Britpop, teen bubble gum pop, New Wave, punk -- I repeat -- it does not matter.  You MUST own this  album.<br />My one complaint, however, about the CD version of this album is  that it has a rather lame version of &quot;Time Is On My Side&quot; with a  prominent organ on it rather than the bluesy version with Keith Richards'  guitar more prominent that was featured on the LP.  For the life of me, I  can't figure out why this change was made.
B00000IPAX|4.0|People in the punk/metal scene need to get over their &quot;holier then thou&quot; attitude why do people freak out when their favorite band goes from playing &quot;6 bands Eight bucks&quot; shows to $35 dollar concerts. We WANT them to be sucessful, so you knew Blink when Scott Raynor was the  drummer and you tortured your parents with &quot;Depends&quot; off Cheshire  Cat that doesn't mean they're sell-outs now that employees of the GAP like  Blink. Britney Spears and N'Sync don't even write their own songs. Blink  NOT only WRITES their own music, but get this...THEY ACTUALLY PLAY THEIR  OWN INSTRUMENTS! How many Backstreet Boys can do that! No matter what you  listen to, buy this CD. Blink 182 is a versatile band you have &quot;What's  my age..&quot; and &quot;Adam's Song&quot; on one album showing you Blink's  playful and meaningful sides. This band has come along way from their early  days and this CD showcases it's maturity while sticking to their punk  roots. Blink 182 has grown up...I wonder have you?
0684872153|5.0|I totally disagree with the negative reviews of Angela's ashes, that say it is insensitive. It is the way it's written in Frankie's chidish perspective, that makes it so good.Once you pick it up you will find it  extreamly hard to put down, each page gives the next shocking step of the  story. Although it shocks you, it also makes you smile and laugh. It's not  a sorrowful, depressing book as you might think and I would recommend it to  everyone.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|Some of the songs are surely too Tori Amos-y for listeners who avoid that kind of music, but &quot;On The Bound&quot; is just one of those truly intoxicating songs that you can listen to over and over again. A Beatles  influence is hard to ignore, but that's a good thing (given the number of  artists who yearly attempt to copy the sound of Lennon/McCartney, the fact  that she is able to create a song so entirely moving is truly remarkable).   Anyone would do well to hear this song in its entirety and marvel at its  scope and melodic force.
B000002MUW|4.0|She's full of style in this romantic album. In it, there's very good songs, like Take a Bow (her biggest hit on USA), Secret, Bedtime Story and others, but some boring songs like Survival and Don't Stop. I recommend it,  as a Madonna's fan.
B000002TQV|5.0|This is like, the single WORST cd ever...EVER i tell you.  I'm not sure if I've ever heard anything worse than this... no wait, i was at this concert about a week ago, and the band played this REALLY bad song... so that song  was the worst ever, but this cd is a very close second worst.  My favorite  song is Black Star, but I also like High and Dry and number 11 as well as  every other song on this cd.  In fact, this is my favorite cd ever.  I  don't think i've gone a day without listening to this cd at least once.  If  someone tells me how much they like this cd, I'm going to go crazy cause  it's horrible, and it makes me want to do bad things... I think all the  members of radiohead should be banned from music making because this is the  best cd EVER.. I hate it!
6305095442|5.0|The first time I ever saw this movie, I caught it about 15 minutes into the show.  It was nearly 3am and I was really tired but I'll be buggered if I could turn it off. I just watched in morbid fascination as to what was  going to happen next.  The whole movie is an exercise in surrealism.   Later, working in a small video store, I used to recommend this movie to  choice customers on the bet that if they could turn the movie off after the  first 15 minutes, I'd refund their money.  Out of the 50 or so times I  issued that challenge, never not ever once did anyone ever ask for their  money back!  In my opinion, that should say more good things about the  movie that I ever could.
B000002BDB|2.0|The music is fantastic, but the range of sound transferred onto the discs is quite poor.  Very bright, very little bass there at all. The master tapes are probably so worn down by now that they couldn't transfer much of  the original information. This is one of the clearest, most easily  noticeable examples of compact discs sounding so much worse than the  original vinyl releases.  I know many Amazon customers don't use vinyl  albums anymore and I know that die-hard Miles Davis fans will have to have  this box set anyway for the previously unreleased material.  Just brace  yourself to be disappointed.
B000002JKA|5.0|This is the most outstanding piece of music in the 20th &amp; 21st century, these musicians are amazing, this album is NOT for the the musicaly weak!  (Take it with an open mind)
B0000025DV|5.0|Even after 20 years, this is still one of the best albums EVER produced. I challenge anyone to come up with a better sound, better songs, better everything.  I am in awe of Jeff Lynne's skill.
1558908455|5.0|What can you say about this movie that isn't good. Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino make an exellent action combo! To some people this might be amother cheezy action movie with big stars. This non-stop thriller, to  me, Is by far the best action movie of its time. The story line is great,  the special effects are outsanding and the stars really fit their  characters. I've awalys wanted to see George Clooney as a high- temperd  psychopath in a movie and this is the one!
B000002KKC|3.0|Like John said a few reviews ago, find this album on vinyl and burn your own cd.  That's what I've attempted to do, but my burner is broken.  Anyway there are at least two major problems with the CD.  Most people know that  Sara is edited, and that you can actually hear the edit when it takes place  (ouch!).  But then there is also a practically new version of I Know I'm  Not Wrong, and its horrible.  I'm sure there are other differences, but I  only played the CD twice, and then immediatly sold it.  However, on vinyl,  Tusk is a masterpiece.  Lindsey Buckingham proves to be an excellent  producer/songwriter.  Of the 20 songs, 5 are stellar Buckingham songs: Save  Me A Place, What Makes You Think You're The One, That's All For Everyone, I  Know I'm Not Wrong, and Walk A Thin Line.  Despite a few extremely slow  parts (Brown Eyes, Beautiful Child), the other 15 songs are great.  Anyway,  YOU WANT THIS.  Look for the vinyl.  Tusk is BY FAR the greatest FM album,  and my #3 favorite album of all time.
B00000AFGM|5.0|This album is simply fabulous. I am a Manson fan and this really shows wat he is all about. Listen to it again and again and u will appreciate the lyrics which are totally meaningful. I have almost all of Manson's album  and find this one of the best. For non'manson followers, this album will  change you. FANTASTIC
B000002KKC|3.0|Like John said a few reviews ago, find this album on vinyl and burn your own cd.  That's what I've attempted to do, but my burner is broken.  Anyway there are at least two major problems with the CD.  Most people know that  Sara is edited, and that you can actually hear the edit when it takes place  (ouch!).  But then there is also a practically new version of I Know I'm  Not Wrong, and its horrible.  I'm sure there are other differences, but I  only played the CD twice, and then immediatly sold it.  However, on vinyl,  Tusk is a masterpiece.  Lindsey Buckingham proves to be an excellent  producer/songwriter.  Of the 20 songs, 5 are stellar Buckingham songs: Save  Me A Place, What Makes You Think You're The One, That's All For Everyone, I  Know I'm Not Wrong, and Walk A Thin Line.  Despite a few extremely slow  parts (Brown Eyes, Beautiful Child), the other 15 songs are great.  Anyway,  YOU WANT THIS.  Look for the vinyl.  Tusk is BY FAR the greatest FM album,  and my #3 favorite album of all time.
B000003TSP|5.0|It is rather rare to find a REAL good original piece of music these days. Music that blows your mind up on the first time you listen to it, and gets better and better each one of the thousands folowing repeated plays. That turns you inside out, upside down, and into onother dimension. music that in every situation and timing -... focused, day time or night time, alone or accompanied -you can only define as a masterpiece....<br />Thank you, PORTISHEAD.
B000002KGT|4.0|You don't need me to tell you about it; 9 out of 11 songs are played frequently on the radio.
6305627347|5.0|I have seen this movie several times.  It gets more hilarious everytime I watch it.  Cartman was very expiring.  Kenny dies, of Course :)  I could have done without &quot;the mole&quot;.  It is a timeless musical whoose  lyrics will stay with me a long time if not forever.  I am surprised that  the movie made it past censorship, as it has poked fun at all different  types of people and groups.  It also directed an attitude to all of Canada.   I would definatley recommend this movie to adults, but then I am a South  park fanatic.  Way to go Matt and Trey :)
0446525537|5.0|A Walk to Remember, is one of the most inspiring and somewhat educational books that anyone will ever read. It teaches a great lesson, and i highly reccommend it.
067088278X|5.0|Out of a growing collection of board books for my 14-month old, this is one of the nicest I have seen.  The illustrations alone are worth the price of the book, and are always yielding something new to discover at each  reading.  Therefore, it will be exciting reading for a long time to come.   Highly recommend.
6304712499|4.0|I've to admit that I read the Spawn comicbook since the beginning and was expecting al lot of the comicbook in it. The movie is kinda not like the &quot;original&quot; story. However, if you look close you'll notice that  some of the somicbook caracters are in the movie as well. You see Angela,  Sam $ Twitch and some others. For the extras on the DVD... This is great.  I'm not really into MM, but it's nice to see these things as an extra. Like  the trailer, sketches. It isn't just the movie that you buy. It's more.  Much more. Enjoy
0192838679|5.0|The writing style which Laclos employed in writing this book is unlike any other book I have read and provides an interesting break in the usual style of which other authors write.  I enjoyed the story-line he created and  varied personalities he gave to his characters.  Overall, it is a book that  is very worth-while and gutsy.  I would recommend this book, although, to  people that have a broad view and can handle suggestive material--a  &quot;pg-13&quot; book.
B0000399WI|5.0|I have seen this movie very recently and found very good. It has no violence and tricky stunt sequences but a good story line with excellent narration supported by the peak performances of Morgan Freeman and Tim  Robins. The DVD quality is good and fun watching with a component video  enabled DVD player. This movie is worth watching.
B00000420F|5.0|Titled &quot;Se tu m'ami,&quot; the song of Parisotti (although formerly attributed to Pergolesi) which literally means (If you love me), this album recorded in 1990-91 (published 1992) is quite complete. A vast collection  of songs and arias from the 18th century (called arie antiche) Cecilia is  dazzling perfection. Especially enjoyable is Paisiello's &quot;Il mio ben  quando verra&quot; and Caccini's &quot;Tu  ch'hai le penne, amore.&quot;  Not to be forgotten the Vivaldi, &quot;Sposa son disprezzata.&quot; And the  album's &quot;title&quot; song, &quot;Se tu m'ami?&quot; Perfect! There are  so many others. Virtually EVERY song is a familiar favorite. It is a must  have!
0399103422|5.0|A story of the human condition, the Godfather is profound and intense. A perfect balance of description and concept.
B00003000M|5.0|bob marley's &quot;chant down babylon&quot; is a superb cd. i listened to it at a friends house and the following day i went out and bought it. it is by far the best cd i have heard in a long time. it is well worth the money,  if you don't have it, you need it. i definetaly recommend it.
B000002UCE|5.0|This is a product of a true genius! Not only do we have the song of the millenium ('Imagine') by the artist of the millenium but also an excellent assortment of acoustic and rock tracks. 'It's so hard', 'I don't want to be  a soldier', 'Gimme some truth' and 'How do you sleep?' show Lennon's true  characteristic grit with biting fuzzy guitar and equally fitting vocals.  Emotional acoustic ballads like 'How?' and 'Oh my love' go nicely with the  more jolly 'Jealous guy' and the folksy 'Crippled inside'  and 'Oh Yoko!'.  A great performance by John, Phil Spector and the Plastic Ono's and also by  George Harrison who plays brillient slide guitar. Overall, an enlightening  and cheerful album which follows nicely from the outstanding melancholy  album 'Lennon/Plastic Ono band'. Nobody will ever rival John's lyrical  abilities and certainly won't capture John's mood in quite the same way  again. We miss you John.
0880381736|5.0|Simply put, this is one of the best fantasy books out there
B000031WD9|2.0|Don't believe the hype. The unrated version you couldn't see in theaters? Please! About 1 minute of 1 pair of breasts is the only nudity in this film. Funny at times, but if you think  you're going to see something that  wasn't in the theater you'll be really disappointed.
B000001F9E|5.0|Not only is Jailbreak Thin Lizzy's best album, it is one of the best rock albums from any era, 70s or otherwise. The whole album flows seamlessly from lighter pop songs, through the heavy, relentless riffs of  &quot;warrior&quot;, and ends with the classic heavy metal sounding  &quot;Emerald&quot;. Lizzy is not just another &quot;70s band&quot; on this  album. These guys are smart. Guitar solos emerge from the main riffs as a  natural progression of the song, and are not thrown in for their own sake.  One of my friends (a guitar player) had tears in his eyes one time after  hearing the solos in &quot;Cowboy Song&quot;. That is effective  songwriting, folks.<br /> Songs such as &quot;Jailbreak&quot; and  &quot;Romeo&quot; contain maddingly catchy choruses and riffs. Phil  Lynott's lyrics and bass are at turns both cheesy and profound. Heavy metal  fans will notice how Thin Lizzy's two guitar sound has influenced a little  band named Iron Maiden, with duelling solos and the like (check out the  last couple of minutes of &quot;emerald&quot;). <br />Jailbreak is one of  those albums you listen to once, and then put on the shelf, only to play it  the next day, and the next day and the next...I listened to this album for  two days non-stop. I'd say Phil and the boys did quite well with this one,  and I recommend it of course
0312853238|5.0|This is by far the greatest Sci/Fi book I have ever read and anyone who says otherwise has not read the book.  Anyone who says that the idea of a kid leading armys has not read the book.  It clearly states that the  government made him a genius, and therefore he is very very smart you,  fools!  Anyone one who says that is not how kids think is over 20.  I am 13  and I KNOW that is how I think and everyone in my family for that matter.   Don't doubt me, I know how I think.  Anyone who has read a better science  fiction book then tell me about it in another review.  Anyone who thinks  that the characters are &quot;flat&quot; then they have only read books  that have no story, just characters.  Anyone who knows of a book that is  better Sci/Fi or not tell me in a review and I can prove you wrong.  Anyone  who writes bad reviews on this book is exactly the kind of person that says  Lord of the Flies has no meaning.  Anyone who thinks that this should not  be made a classic has only read Goosebumps.  Everyone that likes this book  I like.
0790729652|3.0|Batman is a good example of a movie that can entertain. It has humor, it has action, some nice effects, and a good cast.<br />Most have heard about Batman, but its really not Batman that does this movie, its the movie in  general that makes it good, unlike the sequels.
0792156684|4.0|When I read some of the customer's reviews of &quot;Titanic&quot;, I realize that it is often treated inappropriately harshly. Many dislike the romantic plot and say that the screenplay is just a series of cliches.  <br />People who say that are correct but they miss the point of  &quot;Titanic&quot;. James Cameron intended to bring back the great epic  cinema. He wanted to make a film of such scope, that it would make other  filmmakers say: &quot;This cannot be done anymore.&quot; In many ways James  Cameron succeeded brilliantly. &quot;Titanic&quot; is a film of truly  titanic proportions with striking images worthy of David Lean. Especially  the second half delivers one memorable scene after another. Leonardo  DiCaprio and Kate Winslet do a good job and all the technical aspects of  the film are unbelievably well realized. If Cameron had managed to write an  at least slightly more subtle screenplay without the unnecessary  demonization of the Billy Zane character, the film's impact would be  definitive.<br />The reason for the hatred of many viewers is maybe its  unparalleled commercial success. Of course it is not the best film ever and  one can argue wether it desreved 11 Academy Awards but ultimately none of  these things should be taken into account when you evaluate a film. James  Cameron delievered a sweeping epic that manages to captivate for more than  three hours and I think that this is a tremendous achievement.
0964385619|5.0|This book has changed my whole perspective on my financial future - it is a must read for anyone serious about understanding their finances and the direction they want to take them.
B0000025BL|1.0|If I am really horrible for thiry years, I die and end up in hell; this album will be the soundtrack.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Just like all their other stuff, it rocks. Oh, Micheal from England Nothing Else Matters was on the black album not Ride the Lightning
B000002J09|1.0|What truly amazes me is that you pot smokin' gearheads actually have the money to buy cd's not to mention computers.  Food stamps can pay for the vittles, that I understand, but buying computers?  Maybe our economy is  doing a little too well when we've got high school dropouts surfing on the  time off from the local Mickey D's.
B000002C1X|5.0|This is the greatest buy in this world..no album or musical entity comes even ..... close.. Pink Floyd Rules and WALL is the definition of Pink Floyd (of Roger Water's days in PF). A must must must must buy..
B0000025BL|1.0|If I am really horrible for thiry years, I die and end up in hell; this album will be the soundtrack.
0802130208|5.0|Struck up a conversation with a fellow reader at a Half-Price Book Store one day - he asked &quot;Do you want to know what the funniest book I ever read was?&quot;  and I answered &quot;A Confederacy of Dunces.&quot;  His  jaw dropped and he asked &quot;How did you know that?&quot;  and I  answered, &quot;Because it's the funniest book I ever read!&quot;  Truly,  it is.  And you don't have to be from New Orleans to think so (although it  doesn't hurt)!
B00003XB8K|5.0|Enigma is not a regular music group. The man behind Enigma, Michael Cretu has composed and written some of the best songs of ever! It's not just music, it's the philosophy behind the music. This album is the return to  the basis, but with 10 years of background. That's why it's a magical album  that has to be heard. Don't miss it, and don't forget to listen it with  your mind!
B000002H97|5.0|This is the first Metallica album that I got( no, I am not just an MTV fan). To this day it is still the best album I have.  There are no skipovers, and there still the metallica theyve always been, except with  only 4-5 minute songs, giving more of a variety of songs to choose from.  Get this album.  I have all their stuff, this is the best there is . The  best songs are &quot;Enter Sandman&quot;, &quot;Sad But True&quot;,  &quot;Unforgiven&quot;, and &quot;Through the Never&quot;. If you dont have  the Black Album, I highly recommend you give it a try.
B000002UA9|5.0|this has to be one of the best beatles cd that there is. The songs just bring out the best in you. It is a fun cd and is great for anyone.
B000000OUE|2.0|I got this cd and Rob's cd. Both of them have some songs with good guitars, drums, etc.(More Human than Human,Electric Head Pt. 2), but I dont like any of the lyrics.  This is b/c I am a Christian.  Sometimes the stuff  is just too weird and seems too much like &quot; Devil  music&quot;(especially Super-Charger Heaven, all the pics in the book, all  the lyrics).  Because of this it is difficult to listen to it, especially  if you can understand some of the lyrics.I like heavy music but some of the  contents in this album offend me. It seems blatantly satanic sometimes, and  that is not a good thing.
0684872153|5.0|This book is outstanding. As I read other customer reviews, I see criticisms of McCourt's account of his life in Limerick--that it lacks sensitivity or other writers/contemporaries have said life in Limerick  wasn't as gloomy as McCourt paints. This book is this one man's story. It  begins in the limited perspective of a child and broadens to that of a  nineteen-year-old young man. Rarely have I read a book where I find my self  laughing hysterically at one passage and then crying as I read the next.  McCourt is a master with words. As devastating the reality of his childhood  was, this story was hopeful. McCourt had his sights and mind set on more  than the limited options he had as a poor child in Limerick. This is a  story of a young man setting and accomplishing goals even through  adversity. The story-telling narrative is engaging. If you are criticizing  his telling of his story, perhaps you should steer clear of memoirs.  Otherwise, I would highly recommend this book and his next book Tis.
0440133688|5.0|Great book. Keeps you coming back.  I have rec. it to several young doctors. A must read book if you're in the medical field.
B000002UEB|5.0|Although Queensryche has been shunned from popularity, Operation Mindcrime is an album that should be in everyones collection.  If you think Queensryche is a weak, little pop-rock band, you're right.  However this  album was recorded while the band was in there prime.  The entire album and  storyline will have you hooked.  Well worth the money.  In fact this is the  only Queensryche album worth any money.  Get it.   REVOLUTION!
630562285X|1.0|This has to be one of the most idiotic, pointless, poorly written pieces of junk I have seen this year. (And there has been a LOT of big films I have seen this year.)  The plot is nonsensical. The movie makes absolutely  sense. I hope the actors (who are all pretty top notch) got a LOT of money  for this dog. I only I hadn't wasted two hours of my life with movie.
B00002E233|4.0|Apparently the nay-sayers spents hours watching and studying the Undersea World of Jaques Cousteau, thereby having complete understanding on the subject of sharks. You all &quot;missed the boat&quot; big time. Good  effects, and okay acting considering Samuel Jackson's the only experienced  cast member. You gotta love the jump-out-of-the screen surprises that  jolted the audience in the theater I was in. We're not looking for  Oscar-worthy material here, just a good little flick with a man-eating  monster that makes Jaws look like some flounder.
B00001QEE2|2.0|Although this one is clearly not one of the all-time best Disney films, and the content is mor haphazardly put together than the hair on Hades' head, there are some razzle dazzle moments and sentimental scenes to  warrant a few viewings. But more interestingly, this DVD does include  exclusive alternate language versions of the film (in Spanish and French).  No one seems to have noticed that in the Spanish version of Hercules, the  speaking voice of the adult Herc is provided by none other than singer  Ricky Martin! In essence, we are paying essentially for 3 different  versions of the movie, and while Martin is still hot, an exclusive  collector's item! I am also glad that the alternate versions took enough  care in duplicating the voices as closely as possible. It's hard to  recommend this film on its own merits, as there are few. But these little  extras make the Special Edition DVD worthwhile.
0783225792|2.0|This didn't do it for me. After reading the intriguing Vanity Fair article I was floored by the seedy story &amp; characters. Unfortunately for the flick, the constantly-ridiculous soundtrack and annoying narration ruins  each scene's ambiance. I like Don Rickles, but what's the hockey puck doing  walking around with a shotgun? Totally miscast. I've really given up on  Scorsese. He's gotten predictable and borderline boring. That last line  also applies to Bringing Out The Dead. 2 stars. One for James Woods. The  other for James Woods.
B0000020C4|5.0|I could listen to this CD over and over.  The voices are incredible and the music so beautiful.  My brother used to think I was &quot;weird&quot; because I liked this type of music.  I gave him the CD for Christmas and  now he wants to know what other musicals I can recommend to him.  This,  from a guy whose idea of music was AC/DC and Iron Maiden (no offense!)!
B00000J7JO|5.0|As a long time fan, I am certainly not offended by the new routes in which the Red Hot Chili Peppers are taking us. Surely, any fan must recognise a time for change in a band. It is a part of developing and growing as a whole.<br />With this in mind some criticism has been headed towards the Red Hot Chili Peppers with their apparent lack of funk. Certainly they don't reach the funky heights of earlier albums. But this new approach probably stems from their success with Bloodsugarsexmagik, which combined both ballads and rap.<br />What makes this album so great is the lack of filler. Any song on this album could've been released as a single, indeed the best song was released third. This album is not as timeless as BSSM but definitely warrants a listen from any potential buyers.
0140177396|4.0|This novel makes a strong universal statement about loneliness. It portrays two men who have no family, no place to call home and no plan or goal in their lives. They work and work and then they have nothing to show  for it. You get this idea in novel when George says to Lennie, \\" Guys like  us, that work on ranches, are the loneliest guys in the world. They got no  family. They don't belong no place. They come to a ranch an' work up a  stake and then they go inta town and blow their stake, and the first thing  you know they're poundin' their tail on some other ranch. They ain't got  nothing to look ahead to.\\" (Steinbeck 15) Also, many other characters  demonstrate loneliness. For example, Curley's wife. She claims that she is  always alone while her husband is out watching over the workers and that a  girl her age cannot handle being locked up in the house all day. Another  character is the slave that also works on the farm. He is forced to stay in  his own room and is very segregated from the rest of workers. This is a  result of the discrimination during the time in which the novel is set.  Also, the other workers experience loneliness because they, of course, live  the same life that Lennie and Georger live. The author John Steinbeck chose  to set the novel a few miles south of Soledad, which is Spanish for  solitude and means anger and loneliness. He describes in detail the life of  many men who worked on ranches.
B00000J7S8|4.0|We love Dianna Krall.  First heard her CD this past summer singing &quot;Peel Me a Grape&quot;, and &quot;Popsicle Toes&quot;, and have been hooked ever since.  We've even turned on our rock and roll band friend to  her.  So this Christmas, we ordered a CD for every music lover in the  family, (with the help of Amazon), and enlightened everyone to her style of  music.  My favorite is &quot;When I Look in Your Eyes&quot;...my husband's  is &quot;I've Got You Under My Skin&quot;.  Great CD for romancing........
B00000DLVA|5.0|Gran Turismo is sheer brilliance.  Very few bands can completely change their sound within 5 years, and sound great all the way through.<br />This album is an amalgamation of all the deep, dark undercurrents running  through the Cardigan's previous albums, sliding into it's greatest glumness  during the morose, depressing &quot;Marvel Hill&quot; in which Nina Persson  covertly explains that nothing in life is worth trying for because there  will always be something better to achieve.<br />I won't lie to you; pretty  much all of the lyrics on this album are just plain miserable in feel.  But  that doesn't limit the Cardigans to some of the routine &quot;angry  yelling&quot; or &quot;chord mashing&quot; cliches of other alternative  rock bands today.<br />Instead of screaming, they wail, and every melodic  chord, every trippy drum-beat conveys a different emotion.  The music works  best in a dark room, with headphones on your ears, playing the music  throughout your skull...I'm telling you, it's an amazing experience.<br />I  was impressed by this definitive work of The Cardigans.  It is most  certainly worth your time and money.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Michael is back with yet another amazing wonder.  With this his fourth time around, he has replaced the chanting with Carmina Burana &quot;(o'Fortuna)&quot;.  With the help of Ruth-Ann, from Olive fame on  vocals (tracks 3 and 11). I have been listening to Enigma since 1990, and  with every release Michael still finds a way to impress me.
B000002BBY|5.0|I've tried very hard to listen to this CD from the beginning to the end. I place the disc on the CD player, and start from the first song; but when I arrive to the fourth song, I have to stop and listen to it at least ten  times. Every time. I don't know if, as Paul Weller said, it is the best  song of the 90's, but I'm sure is among the best three. Can anybody tell me  how is this disc after the fourth song?
0141301155|5.0|I must have read this book 100 times! If I could I would give it 10 stars. It is about a poor boy named Charlie. He lives right near Willy Wonka's Factory. Every day when he walks to school he has to smell it, knowing he can't buy a chocolate bar! Then he hears about a contest that you can veiw  Wonka's Factory and get a lifetime supply of chocolate. He then buys 2  chocolate bars, they both don't win. He then feels sad. But just when he  gives up luck, he gets another chocolate bar. It wins!  Then he brings  his Grandpa Joe with him. They tour the factory. Almost everyone does  somthing bad.<br />That is all I will tell you. You should read the book to  find out the ending and the parts I left out. This is the best book!
0780625129|5.0|American History X truly focuses on what racism is really like today. In this film, you see what life is like through the eyes of present day skin heads, as well as the consequences for their actions.  Edward Norton is  spectacular in this film, as well as all the other main actors.  The way  the movie is planned and laid out, the message is sent out very well.  I  tip my hat to this film.
6305268843|5.0|Firelight is the story of a young Swiss governess(played by Sophie Marceau)who comes to reside and teach a young girl, Louisa, in the English countryside.  It is there that she meets the girls father Mr.Godwin (played  by Stephen Dillane)and secrets threaten the once quiet life of all parties  involved. Marceau who plays Miss.Laurier to perfection shines in this role.   She is not only stunning in face and form (perfectly matched for the  period in manner and gesture) she delivers one of her strongest  performances since Braveheart with Mel Gibson. She is luminous, and is a  joy to watch.  Stephen Dillane who plays Mr.Godwin is a wonderful match for  Marceau.  He is &quot;rugged&quot; yet incredibly sensitive and perfectly  suited to play the gentleman of the period.  Marceau and Dillane have an  enormous amount of chemistry on screen, and watching them is both a joy and  heartwrenching at the same time.  If the incredible performances are not  enough to entice you the cinematography and artistic direction should.  The  English countryside in the middle of a stark winter is bleak and gray and  yet oddly beautiful and inviting at the same time.  The colors are  magnificent and the details are impecable. Some aspects are predictable,  but one forgets such predictability when faced with such moving  performances and stunning direction.  It would be a terrible loss to miss  such a wonderful, and yet sadly overlooked film such as Firelight.  I loved  it and recommend it to anyone who loves a beautiful love story and a strong  drama.  It is certainly a &quot;keeper&quot; in my opinion
B00000K19E|3.0|This movie has similarities to Terminator, and Terminator 2, where in the future machines have become self-sufficient, and then when their creaters try to pull the plug, the machines stay alive and enslave the human race.     The Terminator differs in that the machine (Sky-net), created a nuclear  was between Russia and America when their creators tried to pull the plug.    This war killed off humans, allowing the machines to stay on, and using  surviving humans in the nuclear winter as slaves.   A resistance was in  effect to free the human slaves from the machine, where the leader, this  time, was in the past. The Matrix, on the other hand, having a similar  theme to this movie, the humans, I would assume, create a nuclear explosion  to create a nuclear winter to block out the sunlight of the machines, as  they adapted to solar power.    In this respect, Matrix and Terminator are  similar, except in Matrix, the human inventors create an explosion to block  sun-light, the energy source of the machines, while in Terminator, the  machine creates an explosion.<br />I think Lawrence Fishborne's acting was  cool, as in the Event Horizon.   The character-plot was cool.   <br />There is  another movie similar to this that was made a decade ago, that involved  people's minds being placed into a machine for different realities, this  time in the context of a psychristic hospital for treatment, I forgot the  name of that movie.<br />I do not like the Eastern Religious content in the  movie, the scene from the Oracle, I thought was too indoctrinating and  should of been shorter, too much time in the movie was on that.  Secondly,  I do not like the use of God's name in the movie.   Two stars deducted on  that.<br />Three stars, for originality, action, acting, and I had a really  great time watching the movie and felt refreshed afterwards, like I  travelled somewhere.   No movie I watched gave such an effect, except for  mabye Star Wars, to that extent.   A reality vacation.
B000002OVJ|5.0|I'm only fifteen, so, sadly, I wasn't around to see The Who in their prime...<br />I bought this CD with some of my Christmas money at a Fred Meyer one day (where I also picked up Jeff Beck's Blow by Blow and Santana's  Abraxas) and I have not once regretted buying this.<br />Every song on here is  a superlative track, and since it's been remastered with the bonus tracks,  it's even better than the original vinyl version (as is any CD, of  course.)<br />Each player is in ABSOLUTE TOP form, especially Keith (his  drumming is literally supercharged). There's not much more you can say  about it than that.<br />It's well worth your collection of Who CD's (if you  like The Who, of course)
B000001ESF|5.0|Rush has been a part of my life since childhood, it was Rush Rush and more Rush , thanks guys for all the music and good times.  Rob.  El Paso Texas.  Jan 19, 2000.
1882723007|1.0|I can see why all the hype when this book came out, but a better look at this book will reveal that there is nothing metaphysical besides some visual and auditory hallucinations similar to what you would find in a  psychiatric hospital. Easy to read and intriguining no doubt, yet it falls  short in reality.
B00000J2KX|4.0|This is one of the top kubrick films on my list along with &quot;Full metal jacket&quot;,&quot;barrylyndon&quot;and of course&quot;a clock work orange&quot; this is also one of my top 20 scarriest movies along with the  &quot;exorsist&quot; &quot;chainsaw massacre&quot; etc. + the fact that the  book was written by one of my favorite authers Stephen King if you have not  yet witnessed the horror of the shining I highly reccomend it.
B000005DQR|3.0|I can see how many turntablist fans may find this CD very well done. But if you're looking for a head-nodder, Beat Junkies/X-men type album, this ain't it. Instead this album had more subdued beats over more laid back  tracks. Don't get me wrong; DJ Shadow's music is artistic. But if you're  looking for raw, rugged cuts, look elsewhere
6304211740|5.0|This movie was really good! Jane was just how I thought she would look like! I wish there was a little more romance at the end, the end seemed a little different than my favorite book, but it helped me understand it  more. I was impressed!
B000002ITM|5.0|In my opinion, Testament is one of the better metal bands around.  Of their 11 releases over the course of the 90's, &quot;The Ritual&quot; is to Testament as the &quot;Black Album&quot; is to Metallica.  I say this  because of the experimental attitude of the album. Due to the slowed down /  melodic nature of the album, Chuck Billy's vocal range appears to be much  broader.  I hate to break it to the die-hard Testament fans who didn't care  for the speed of this record, but this is the album that will tower over  the band's legacy down the road.  For those of you who haven't heard it,  don't think of it as just another Testament album. Think of it as one of  the greatest metal releases on it's own.  Well worth the money!
0792156684|5.0|Although the doomed R.M.S. Titanic sunk, a compelling romance and undeniable chemistry between the two main stars of this film manages to keep Titanic, THE MOVIE, afloat!  There are so many words to describe this  movie:  awe-inspiring, powerful, haunting, suspenseful,and riveting, just  to name a few!  This movie is defenitely one that &quot;stays with  you.&quot;  It made me laugh, it made me cry, and it forced me think about  all the people's lives that were affected by this disaster, as I'd never  thought about it before!  Titanic makes history come to life, right before  our eyes! I would have a hard time believing ANYONE could view this movie  and remain unmoved by the ultimate race against time that's unfolding up on  the screen!  Titanic is a movie of titanic proportions; definitely a  masterpiece and deserving of the title:  Most Popular Film, Ever!  No movie  collection would be complete without it!
0684874350|5.0|This is a book that will make you cry, laugh, get angry, depressed, happy and all at the same time. It is sometimes slightly graphic, but not so much by today's standards. Mostly it is honest. You feel as though you have  visited a time in history that was very hard for everyone the world over  and you arrived at the lowest common denominator. You can't imagine that it  could get much worse than this, yet there is hope and there is survival in  the end. Frank McCourt has a conversational style that immediately engages  you giving you the feeling that you are sitting around the fireside with  him. I couldn't put it down.
B00002EPMF|5.0|I am a very big fan of chuck and death so i was  very intersted in this album. Chuck has always surrounded himself with great musicians and this is just an example. I loved the singer great addition powerful voice very  melodic, and of course a powerful and talented group of musicians again.  Truly amazing. One more thing my prayers go out to Chuck and his family on  his surgery emergency surgery to remove the brain tumor. You are to young  and to gifted to go now. I hope that anyone out there that enjoys Chuck's  music will pray for a speedy and healthy recovery.
B000002MTR|5.0|this cd is worth buying just for transcending and My friends,which are 2 of their best songs ever.  Most of the songs on this album are good.. one of my best cds
B000001Y2U|5.0|This Cd is great.  This is definitely his best one yet.  It really shows his creative talent and he really knows how to entertain his fans.  For this, he deserves 5 stars.
6303020062|5.0|This is the greatest film in the world.  If you haven't seen this, go out and rent (or buy) it right now!   If I could rate it a 5,000 I would.  If you want a great movie add to or begin a selection, here it is.
B00000K2SC|4.0|it was good a lot special effects the stories was put in our time than as the movie goes on it goes to the furture of our planet over all I would say to buy this one or rent it.
630512762X|5.0|This movie is about Sean Archer(John Travolta) and Castor Troy(Nicolas Cage) who switch identities.  Travolta starts off as the Good Guy who wants to kill Cage for killing his son.  But the only way Archer can catch Troy is to become Troy.  But Archer does not know that Troy takes his identity.  This movie is excellent.  The acting and special effects  rule!
0684872153|5.0|I am an Irish Catholic American who was also poor.  This book brought back many memories of my father and his brothers and the stories they told us while growing up.  After reading Frank McCourt's book and experiencing all  of his emotional highs and lows, I was reminded of a song my family used to  sing.  It went:  On Monday we had bread and gravy.  On Tuesday, was gravy  and bread.  On Wednesday and Thursday by way of a change, we had gravy  without any bread!  I never took that song seriously until now.  Mr.  McCourt is to be praised for his story telling and his perserverance.   Thank you for a wonderful read.
B00001QEE2|5.0|This is thebest movie I ever see &gt;<br /> Thank yo
0688002307|5.0|I am 33 years old and first read this book when I was a junior at college in 1986.  I majored in English and have been an avid reader for years.  At first, I was put off by the title, but decided to read the book anyway.  I  am glad I did.  Robert Pirsig's book deals with quality and his book is a  wonderful, solid example of quality writing.  For me, Mr. Pirsig's  discussion of quality forever altered the meaning of this word.  Like  others, I can say the book changed my life.
0684874350|5.0|Well this book has gotten a lot of hype, But I must admit is is well worth the read, and for sure in the top 5 books I have ever read.. I think you must go into this book not expecting much, you will get alot out of it that  way... McCourt has the ability to make you feel as if you are actuelly the  child, and through out the hole book you are either laughing at the small  jokes, or crying at the drama in it...    A must read for those who love  emotional books.
B000002KCF|5.0|This has got to be the best 'Franks album of all time! If you only buy one; make it this one! Best cut is Popsicle toes. They play that on the radio, you may have heard it.Check out his other stuff too!
6300216268|5.0|Poignant, funny, touching, irreverent, uplifting. This is one of my very favorite movies. Without beating you over the head to make sure you get the message, it makes a powerful statement about the value of life and how one  chooses to live it.
B000001ESJ|3.0|What can be said about this album? Well, for me it was a little disappointing after my personal favourites - 'Caress of Steel' and '2112'. However, I can still remember vividly those times in my mid-late teens when  I was continually playing 'air guitar 'to Xanadu (What am I talking about,  I still do!). In my humble opinion this track is comparable with 2112. I  guess FTK was even more special for me back then because the album was  recorded at Rockfield Studios in Wales.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|when i bought the fiona apple cd, i wasnt sure how it was gonna sound, but as soon as i actually heard it, i was hooked! i havent been able to get it out of my cd player, and my sis is always fighting me to be able to listen  to it. i seriously recomend this to ya, its the best cd ive had in a  while!
B000002L9J|5.0|Sweet, sad, funny, angry, profane...The Smiths have never been better.  Morrisey's lyrics are sharp and Johnny Marr's riffs match them perfectly.  This may be the most personal collection of songs in the band's lexicon and  each one is a classic in it's own right.  The humour of &quot;Frankly Mr.  Shankly&quot; and &quot;Vicar in a Tutu&quot; barely mask aching sadness;  while the heart-wrenching lyrics of &quot;I Know It's Over&quot; never  become melodramatic due to the biting sarcasm in the words.  In short, the  melding of sadness and wit (perfectly on display in &quot;Bigmouth Strikes  Again&quot;) sum up the beauty and angst of these 80s Icons.  A must for  any Smith enthusiast or newbie.
0671015206|1.0|This book presents some interesting facts and ideas, but not very detail and not too practical at all.
0684859106|5.0|I am a teacher who has a dream of owning a corner bakery like the Magnolia Bakery one day.  Therefore, I cook desserts for the faculty at my school at least once a week.  Everything I've made from this book has received rave  reviews. The day I made the apple walnut cake, two of my colleagues went  out bought the cookbook for themselves. The caramel pecan brownies and the  chocolate sour cream cake were also a hit.  Also, the white chocolate  macadamia cookies are much better than the ones at the mall cookie store.   This book is a must have for every new bride!
B000002L61|5.0|People not from Denver will not understand this well,but I remember going to the RJD concert at Red Rocks,it is still one of the best shows I had ever seen.This including Heaven and Hell is one of the best metal discs, I  have ever heard.Definite metal disc of all time.hope it will be remastered  some day. We Rock!   Ant
0590373587|5.0|I thought that the The Giver was a new perspective on life. They all fell no pain or love. By the way my english teacher came up with a funny commercial. It goes like this.......... there is screams in agony and the  you hear a baby crying. The doctor runs out and sets the baby down. Then he  carries the birthmother out. He starts talking to her, and next you hear a  bell. He starts jumping and says &quot;It's time to make a baby! It's time  to make a baby! It's time to make a baby!&quot; We all thought that that  was really funny. Anyway....... the book was good and made you come up with  some questions about your life. Hope you enjoy(ed) the book!
B000007P79|5.0|&quot;Das Cabinet des Doktor Caligari&quot; ia an extraordinary silent film. Its experimentalism is perfectly coherent with this artistic movements (un)laws. Distorted settings, horror superimposed upon them and  an astonishing use of photography and art direction. Conrad Veidt as Cesar  is beyond all superlatives. The plot (as far as there is one) suffers from  the fact that the hospice scenes (at the very beginning &amp; and at the  very ending) offer a logic and proper explanation for the rest of the  action - Lunacy In this way, &quot;normality&quot; (or normalicy?) is  half-restored, authority put in its place, and the whole thimg dismissed as  a madman's ravings. A pity that, really. Still, this is superb film making,  superb set decor and superb acting. Only 5 stars can truly do it justice.
B0000399WI|5.0|I bought the DVD of Shawshank and set it on a shelf for about two weeks until I decided to watch it. I had never seen the movie, but I had heard it was excellent. Whenever I watch a movie, I take everyone elses opinions and  put them aside, so that I may make my own opinion based on what I felt, not  what others felt. So, I decided to watch the movie and wad simply  overwhelmed by the story that is presented. I cringed during parts of the  movie and felt as if I were there actually seeing events taking place. I  felt sick at a certain point in the movie (I won't say where, but if you  have seen it, you know what I am talking about). And I boo-hooed at the end  like a little baby. In all, this movie is one of, if not, THE BEST movie I  have ever had the privilage of viewing. Writing about it even gives me  chills. Don't wait, buy this movie now, you WILL NOT be dissapointed at  all.
6304806418|4.0|For the 1st time I saw it in the theatre....vie[...] was thrilled at that time. I didn't thought that Madonna could play the role so beautifully like that....really....Imagine her as the first lady of the Argentina?  Oho....I don't think so....with her daily appearance...of course people  might have had some doubts about it! So did Banderas.....when can I get the  role as Che on the theatrical performance......I'll always wait! About the  DVD....after I saw it in the cinema....I have a will that someday I have to  own the videos. But, In my country (Indonesia) there aren't many stores   which can sell the video like this. Fortunately I found the video store in  Plaza Indonesia-Jakarta....and I bought it....I have seen it about...15  times...and I'll never get bored of it! The quality for pics and sounds are  excellent.....if you're the video collector...please don't let it go from  your list...OK?
0792838068|4.0|I watched this film on DVD &amp; for anyone who is curious about this picture here's one opinion; The acting is really good in some scenes and hollow in other scenes. I loved the opening, it really sets up Cage's  charactor. I would recomend this film to anyone who likes a good story, the  only problum is that the story is a little weak in some areas, particularly  why Sera is in love with Ben. There are really no special features worth  buying this DVD for, but the picture &amp; sound quality are still better  than anything VHS, so if you want to own this film I would suggest DVD  format. In summery... A film worth seeing, but in moderation.
0671027344|5.0|I LOVED this book!   Charlie, the main character, describes in detail his entire life to an unknown recipient of his letters.  He deals with issues like sex, drugs, school, family, death, love, and all of the others that  occur in the everyday life of teens today.  While some might find parts off  this book offensive, Charlie is only innocently describing the truth, and  his thoughts about it.  A must read!
B00000J7RZ|1.0|saying she has no talent isn't a reach.it makes sense that puffy is her man because they both lack any musical talent.hearing her scream out in her songs is a hurting on the ears.you have to have a pitch.but she is tone  deaf.i'm sure of that.she needs to just stick to 2nd tier films&amp;forget  about putting a hurting on ears.
B000023VR6|5.0|This album is surely Dr. Dres' best album.  The songs are just awesome.  Forget About Dre has to be one of the best songs, eminem is awesome in it. If your a fan of west coast rap, or just a rap fan this is a great pick up.
0899663036|5.0|I felt that A TREE GROWS IN BROOKLYN really expressed the life of a poor, struggling family growing up in the ghettos of Brooklyn.  Betty Smith worked hard to enable the readers to understand this young child's  perspective of life.  The readers were able to focus in on the real  problems and hardships that a child faced, when she was poor, and living in  an unfair society, with uncaring people.   The three children learn to deal  with things and take them as they are, although they are having a very  troublesome childhood.  The novel goes on to tell about the parents,  especially the father who seemed lost in the world.  The father, spends all  of his money buying alcohol, and getting drunk, where as the mother tries  to cover up for his behaviors, and tries to make life seem normal.  But of  course, life isn't normal for this family.   An even though the children's  schools don't offer much of an education, the children discover how much  they want to learn about life, and it's interesting ways.  With only their  mother to boost their self esteem, the children go on to collage, and the  daughter has an editing job, where she earns a large amount of money to  keep the family going. I enjoyed this book whole-heartedly and found it to  be a suspense-holding novel with very good ideas.  The author really made  each character different, but loving towards each other.  I hope all of the  young readers in this world have a chance to read this wonderful novel.
0446525537|5.0|In true nature of Nicholas Sparks, this story is very touching and heartfelt.  It will make you laugh, it will make you mad, and it will make you cry.  Most of all the twists and turns of the plot will surprise you.   I recommend this book for any avid reader, young or old.
B00002Z88D|5.0|First of all, the guy who pretended to be Cliff Burton : That is one of the lowest things you could ever do. Now on to the review of this great CD. The only problem I see in it is that it's missing atleast one of the  Unforgivens. I think Unforgiven (the first one) would have gone GREAT with  the symphony and Unforgiven II would have been just as good. This CD  however is GREAT! It has most of their best songs and the two new ones are  great two. I like how they steered away from that new Garage Inc. stuff  even though I think that there are a few good songs on that CD. Overall  this CD is awesome. If you don't like this CD then you must have some sort  of problem.
630407185X|4.0|&quot;A Bridge Too Far&quot; is the movie adaptation from the book of the same name.  It tells the story of the planning and execution of Operation Market-Garden a combined airborne-ground operation to seize bridges over  the Lower Rhine in Holland.  The producers took great pains to ensure that  authentic equipment and vehicles were used (some items were previously in  museums in Belgium and Holland).  Additionally, participants in the battles  at Nijmegen, Arnhem and Oosterbeek were used as advisors during filming.   The result is a fairly accurate look at the operation from both the Allied  and German perspectives.<br />The use by the author, Cornelius Ryan, of  personal accounts interlaced with conventional history was groundbreaking  in its time.  However, when adapted to movies these accounts gain more  importance than they historically should have, due to  &quot;Hollywood's&quot; use of box-office names to fill those roles.   Overall, the movie is weak where the book is weak:  Neither really goes to  the source of failures in the operation:  a badly constructed plan.  The  real problem of the distant drop zones at Arnhem was the loss of that  &quot;thunderclap surprise&quot; that the Browning character briefs to his  division commanders.  In addition, Browning did not choose to pass on the  latest intelligence concerning 2SS Panzer Corps in the area.  Neither of  these decisions are highlighted in the book or movie treatments.  It was  obvious during planning that there would be communications problems; this  was not the surprise the movie depicts.  The problem of tug and glider  transport, hinted at in a few scenes, is not explored. For example,  gliders/airlift aircraft were used up getting Browning's HQ deployed which  did not have a real combat role (typically airborne forces come under the  command of the ground forces commander once link-up is made).    Having  said all that, it is still a good depiction of the fighting and a good way  to learn about Market-Garden, see the movie, read the book.
B00000DF6O|5.0|If this cd doesn't make you tap your feet and bang your desktop than nothing will. This is pure BB King at his best. His powerhouse ballads and rocking blues numbers make you want to get up and dance. Highlight songs  are &quot;I Will Survive&quot; and &quot;Blues Man&quot;, two songs which  touch the heart. If anyone plans on starting a BB King collection I highly  recommend starting with this one.
1563523302|5.0|This book really helped me begin to re-orient my priorities with regard to finance and being self-sufficient.  My pre-disposition is definitely to be more on the UAW side of things - it's amazing to me now to look back on the five years (post-college) that I have spent in the work force and realize  how little wealth I have in terms of money saved, investments, etc.  I  realized while reading this book how much money that I have spent and even  wasted on high-priced clothes, expensive restaurants, etc. (where does it  all go?)<br />I recently got married to someone who is definitely more  pre-disposed to be a PAW (of course he's the one who bought the book!) and  we agree that this is the most valuable  ever spent for financial advice  in terms of what you're getting for your money.  We are now working on  creating a monthly budget (something that this book highly recommends) and  investing each month into direct stock plans and Sharebuilder.com so that  we don't have to pay excessive brokerage fees.<br />Can't wait until they come  out with a sequel!
0425156842|3.0|Sophie's World attempts to hold the reader's interest though the plot, while the actual philosophy lessons are embedded within it.      As a textbook, it was separated into sections that dealt with stages in  philosophic development, whether it is a time period or a famous  philosopher.  Each section stated the situation during the introduction of  the specific philosophy and explained the development of each philosophy  step by step, through the thought process of Sophie and the guidance of  Alberto.  Each section also had a summary at the end, and had examples and  metaphors on how the philosophy can be applied or thought of. These lessons  were fascinating during the beginning of the book, but then it began to  become tedious.  The refreshing style of the book started to wear off.         As a novel, it had a weak plot.  Although the mysteries were interesting  during the beginning, it quickly began to get repetitive.  The mysteries  are dragged out too much and they are solved long after the reader loses  interest.  The pace begins to pick up in the middle however. Unfortunately,  this pace is not carried out through the rest of the book, as the plot gets  more and more absurd, probably as an attempt building up to a climax.  Although I found this a hard book to get through, I felt it was worth it.
0767809270|3.0|I was like almost everybody around me at that time and loved this movie. Performances and the soundtrack were flawless. I cried a lot, was totally enchanted. So were all the others. And THAT was eventually my problem.  Hollywood made it: there's a guy, this lawyer who once sinned, he slept  around and caught AIDS. Shocking, isn't it ? You get what you deserve...  That's what most people would still think until the end of the movie if  there wasn't this &quot;correct&quot; ending that changes it all: he DOES  die at the end, and what a suffering death ! he sinned and now he  expiates.<br />So, children, no danger. &quot;These people&quot; do bad things  you don't want to know anything about (see how embarrassed the hearing  feels when Hanks relates his encounter in the porn theatre - he hasn't  killed anybody, has he ?), and no matter how bright or good they are, they  have to be punished by death, won't bring anymore trouble in our  respectable society -embodied by Denzel Washington-, so eventually, let's  forgive them. And here it is, the Aids-infected gay guy dies in front of  the whole world! The financial details of the verdict are just too  fallacious to offset such a tragic event.<br />A relevant scene: during the  trial, a testifying woman has AIDS too. She is depicted as friendly as  Hanks' character. But she's not gay, so the movie takes care not to mention  at any time her suffering moments, her dying condition, if there is. In her  case, it is just made unbearable to think that an innocent woman could die  from such a gay disease - she has done nothing &quot;wrong&quot;.<br />All in  all, a moving story, but a regressive morality.
0684872153|5.0|I have read many books in my time, but this book is one of my favorite.  It made me laugh durring one passage and cry the next.  It is a thoughtful account of a truly miserabule childehood that most never have to  expeirance.  It is one of the most ingaging and truthful books I have ever  read, it reminds me of James Herriot.  I love this book and I think  everyone should read it.  'nuf said.
0780020685|5.0|I've seen this movie manyatimes and think it one of the all time best. Or in the millennial cliche: it has to be the best of all movies. <br />To relate the impact of this movie on some young Japanese overseas students who don't  get to see Kurosawa in Japan - which is a bloody shame - and only gets to  see it in N. America, one needs use only one word: Wow!<br />Forget the  derivatives, this - as well as Yojimbo and Sanjuro - is the REAL thing!
B000002GC2|5.0|This cd is great from the first track to the last track.  It should be in every home..
0780622553|5.0|The -only- thing wrong with this movie is Kiefer Sutherland's horrific overacting. With so much going on visually &amp; psychologically, his character's demeanor is a distraction, not an asset.  Less is more, Mr.  Proyas!<br />Otherwise, this movie succeeds on every level. And no matter how  far down you drill, there's still meaning.  Example: the character's name  is John, and he wakes up in hotel room 614. Look up John 6:14 in the bible,  and it says, &quot;when they saw the signs that he had done, they said,  'This is indeed the prophet who is to come into the world.'&quot;  Which,  of course, is our main character.<br />Ebert's commentary is absolutely  excellent. This is a must-see.
B000002GC2|5.0|This cd is great from the first track to the last track.  It should be in every home..
B0000047EC|5.0|This is an absolute masterful CD. Perhaps the best thing about this is just that two wonderful musicians were able to get together and play wonderful music and not have to try and be everything to everyone. Each  song on this CD is as emotive as any song could possibly be. I have said  this before of some of Pat's music, but I will say it again; when he plays  these pieces it is as though they have been written in eternity and I have  always known them in my heart. . . I just needed someone to let them out.  Years from now this will stand as a cornerstone of what music can be.
B000002UZ1|5.0|This will stand forever as my favorite album.  Though it doesn't feature all of there hits from this period it does have a heck of a lot of them.  I first heard this album when i was 13 and i loved it then and i love it now  as well
B000002HD5|5.0|This is an ugly/beautiful collection of songs. You have to wonder what turmoil Greg Dulli had to go through to write songs like these : his visceral vocal delivery is matched by the band for the most part, except on  'I Keep Coming Back', the old Tyrone Davis ballad taken down real low, and  'My Curse', which, legend has it, he couldn't bring himself to sing.  Scream's Marcy Mays does the honours here. This is one CD i can play from  beginning to end (if not too often!), the comparitive calm of 'Closing  Prayer' coming as some sort of relief after Dulli's dragged you through on  his tangled emotional trip. You really do feel as if you've been there too.  Therein lies the magic-genuine magic-of this album.
B00000J7J4|2.0|I have heard this cd and it is a bust.To me, it's like an old lady going in for a facelift and having everyone tell her how great she looks.Santana's music now, reminds of Miles Davis when he came back from  retirement to make meaningless blather, with young musicians that don't  know any better.If you don't believe me,go listen to Caravanserai, if you  have the nerve
B00003XACV|5.0|With the score release finally out in stores after the long wait with only the song album with two cuts from Thomas Newman's score. wasn't enough to hold us over until the score was ready to released. Now that it is finally released on cd the score i mean i am real glad. The score starts things out  with Dead Already which is a peppy and upbeat piece of music. There are  also some very unusual tracks in the cd. Mainly Root Beer which i very odd  sounding but never are these tracks overbearing. Then the last track Still  Dead provides a more peppy and upbeat version of the Main Title. One of the  best scores of the year and surely not to be missed. Remember the score  cover has Mena Suvari in all those rose buds. The song album has the  picture of the movie poster and remember that only has two score cuts in  it. But also one of Thomas Newmans best in my opinion. And was worth what i paid for it. This is really one of the best of the year. The Green  Mile which was released before this one is really good to.
B00003XB8K|5.0|In anticipation for this upcoming album, I had been listening to the single &quot;Gravity of Love&quot;, which was released prior to the albums release. The &quot;new&quot; sound by Mr. Cretu had me yearning for the  album more and more.  When the album was finally released, my ears perked  up after the sounds of the first several tracks.  I had to absorb and sleep  on my first listening that night. It was very unlike the other three  previous albums with its beautifully &quot;dark&quot; uplifting tracks,  though some of the sounds were remenisent of the prior three, nicely tieing  all the albums together. The next day, and there after, the melodies have  enthralled my ears and my mind (along with co-workers and  my  employeer)where I now have three copies of this album- one for work, home,  and vehicle. If this was Enigma's last album (as I wash my hands and my  mouth out with soap for saying such things), what a way to finish!
0780625129|5.0|When i went to the theater with my girlfriend to see this movie i did not think it would be good. Boy was i wrong. It tured out to be one of the best movies that i have ever seen. It was a magnificent movie. I think that it  taught everyone a lesson about the burdens of hate. The acting was great.  Edward Norton was brilliant. He was flawless in this movie. This movie was  a masterpiece to say the least and i hold it in high regards. I highly  recomend this movie.
B000002TQV|5.0|I don't know how to explain how emotionally wrenching this album is.  I don't know how this didn't become recognized as one of the biggest musical accomplishments of the decade.  I don't know why &quot;O.K. Computer&quot;  did.  Every instrument is doing something interesting on every perfect  track at all times on &quot;The Bends&quot;.  This album stayed in my  player for 8 months, and returns to it monthly.  No lie.  Perfectly written  and mastered, the only thing close is Cracker's &quot;Kerosene hat&quot;  and maybe &quot;The Wall&quot; (but that was a concept album so it doesn't  count).  Get it, and don't ever miss them live.
B00000ILE6|5.0|The movie was brilliant as compared to any other horror or action movie I've ever seen. Sure, it *was* action-packed, but it was also rather political, and very dramatic. Unlike the first (Alien) Aliens had much more  depth, considering it was completely thought up, (unlike the first which  was based on the book.) Also, the acting was much better. I'd give this  movie more stars if I could. I'll have to tell you though that this movie  :gasp: will actually make you think! Don't get the Special edition if  you've never seen the original.
B000025RAU|4.0|I think this is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  Jack Nicholson does an excellent job in this movie.  In this movie he is not a weird guy, like in &quot;As Good As It Gets&quot;.  Like I said, one of the best  movies I have seen.  Defenate watch again in my book.
0671027344|5.0|The &quot;Perks Of Being A Wallflower,&quot;  was the best book I have read in a long time.  I find that the characters in the story really conected with me, and my friends.  If you are into the Smiths and making mixed tapes, this is the book for you.
B000006NUW|5.0|Motown has been yielding chart-toppers and smash hits for well over forty years, now. This company is so amazing (i.e.: its first single, &quot;Money (That's What I Want)&quot; which is featured here reached #2 and stayed  there for six whole weeks.) With such artists on its roster such as the  Tempting Temptations, the Super Supremes and the company's reigning queen,  Miss Diana Ross, it's no wonder this company has spawned over 40 #1  singles. In the compilation featured here, you'll find many of those #1's  as well as gold and platinum hits that also take you back. I seriosly  recommend this collection for anyone who has/wants taste. Enjoy! - I did.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This CD is Rocks ,because Fred Durst is such a tight lead singer .Limp Bizkit rules and Fred Durst is soooo hot . Everyone buy this CD !
B000001FA4|5.0|first purchased in '85 (i think...) before i saw them at the Cow Palace with The Red Rockers (remember them?), this album is still one of my favorites.  the mood of this album is perfect for a gloomy rainy day, but  it's value is far beyond that.  where i haven't been at all impressed with  anything they've put out since the joshua tree, and no longer consider them  as much a musical influence as i once did, this album is filled with  PERFECT songs like &quot;wire&quot; and my favorite, &quot;promenade.&quot;   the song &quot;bad&quot; is a fine tune, but is much better live on the EP  &quot;Wide Awake in America.&quot;  all in all a very good buy even after  all these years.
0767827694|3.0|Hi! Sorry for this weird title, just wanted to draw your attention: I'm working on my dissertation paper on &quot;the representation of lesbians in US movies&quot;... can you help me one way or  another?<br />katiabore@ifrance.com<br />than you
B000003TAW|5.0|Rivers Cuomo is God He is an awesome songwriter! When the heck is their 3rd CD coming out?  Pinkerton is also cool, so do yourself a favor and buy both!
6300183211|3.0|It really amazes me how SCARFACE has acquired its reputation. Sure, it has all the right elements; direction by the terrific Brian dePalma, Al Pacino in the lead role, and screenplay by Oliver Stone. Somehow though it just  never gels. I bought this video in a box set with CARLITO'S WAY, much the  better film. I haven't seen the original, so I won't make comparisons. The  story is long-winded, and speaking honestly, it shouldn't run for nearly  three hours. Perhaps they could have fit it into two. What worries me is  that dePalma, like in some of his other films, like DRESSED TO KILL,  especially, just tries to be controversial for controversy's sake. The  excessive use of violence and swearing was unnecessary. But that's enough  of the bad. Pacino is good. Like deNiro, he finds it difficult to lose the  &quot; gangster &quot; label he has acquired, but he equips himself well to  the role. The plot too is fine. Obviously in the 1930s version, a gangster  couldn't be a hero, he has to fall, but it's good that this message is used  in this film. It shows the excesses of capitalism, a world of greed. It  highlights the faults of the American dream, where the world is yours. Some  have given SCARFACE top marks, but I can't agree with that. It's alright,  but never reaches the top level of gangster films, such as Goodfellas or  Godfather Part 2, which I consider to be the two greatest.
6305657939|5.0|Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo create an amazing chemistry as they slowly fall in love.  Compared to the similarly themed Entrapment this is a masterpiece.  The initial painting heist is just superb and the later  'action' scenes will have you admiring this great film.  Romance, action,  drama and suspence this film has it all.  Even better than the original.
0385484518|5.0|This book touched my soul.  I was so glad to have been able to hear Morrie's views on life and people and I'm very grateful to Mitch for sharing them with us.  Morrie was a wonderful man and I'm glad his legacy  is shared with the world.  Great read for anyone, young or old, highly  recommend.
6305622825|1.0|I'm normally a leniant guy when it comes to films.  I enjoy Arnold Schwarzenneggar films and can sit through Superman films but Entrapment bored me to death.  If my bike wasn't chained to my friend's I would have  left.  I recommend this film to insomniacs only.  Use the money you would  spend on this to chuck at a walll, it would be a better use!<br />SERIOUSLY  THE WORST FILM OF THE DECADE!
B0000296SI|4.0|Ok, one thing here, i don't have this actual cd but i have the &quot;explicit&quot; one and it's alot better. See, my friend has the edited one and it throws the songs off. If you people understood what i  just said, basically this. Do not get the edited one.
B000002GYR|5.0|My daughter bought this CD while she was in USA. Upon arriving in Australia &amp; staying with us,her parents, I had the oppurtunity to listen to this un-known singer. I was totally rapt in his style. I decided  to listen to any of his other CDs. After listening to most what is  avaiable, a person behind me said (regarding &quot;Closing  Time&quot;):&quot;That is his best album, don't bother with the rest.&quot;  I would have to agree, this would be THE best TOM WAITS has ever,ever  recorded. I give the CD 6, no, 10 stars. It is really brilliant. Believe  me, you will simply love it!  True, true.
B00003XACV|5.0|As I write this review, I am listening to this CD. I received it yesterday, and have been listening to it almost non stop since. I saw this movie twice during the fall season, and it touched me deeper every time.  It's moral was so brilliant... And, everything in the movie itself was  perfect; the acting, the screenplay, the cinematography, and the music. The  music is so original; so unique. From the heartfelt, tearful piano pieces  to the energy-filled percussion instrumentals, this CD is the definition of  &quot;beauty&quot; in every way possible. It is very mood-influencing. And,  just like for the movie, you will feel satisfied completely by listening to  it.
B000002JS6|5.0|This is one of the greatest AC/DC albums ever.Everybody thought Johnsan wouldn't amount to Scott but he did.The best cuts are the title track,Hells Bells,You Shook Me,Shoot To Thrill and Rock and Roll Aint Noise  Pollution.<br />My Ranking=2nd best album, tied with Dirty Deeds
0375707972|3.0|This book was a quick read.   Started off slightly unrealistic by a woman in her thirties having a love affair with a boy the age of fifteen.  Grew to be more interesting as the book went on.  I would recommend with fair  marks.
B000002JNN|5.0|This is probably there best album next to For Those About To Rock.It defines AC/DC at there best.Best cuts are the title track,Thunderstruck,Moneytalks,Rock Your Heart Out and Are You Ready.<br />My  Ranking=1st best album tied with For Those About To Rock
068484267X|5.0|There are a number of words that might describe this wonderful book - haunting, beautiful, lyrical, tragic, sad, funny and loving.  Frank McCourt grew up in Limerick in the kind of poverty that is unimaginable in the  present day and yet survived to tell the tale of his useless drunken  Protestant looking father with the odd way about him and his neglected,  lazy, anxious and bewildered mother who picked coal off the road and begged  for food and slept with the landlord to pay the rent with love, affection  and, above all, unvarnished truth and supreme wit.  Told through a child's  voice, sparing no feelings on any side,including his own, this is a book  that is so beautifully written and so hard to put down that you will find  yourself laughing and crying until the early hours of the morning.   Unforgettable.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I love this CD!  I bought it origanally for the song &quot;I knew I loved you&quot;. But I ended up liking ALL of the songs on it!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|i *love* this cd. i bought it the day after it came out, as i have no car &amp; couldnt get to the store meself.. it's wonderful, i listen to it almost constantly. my favorite songs are probably &quot;the animal  song&quot;, &quot;the best thing&quot;, &quot;you can still be free&quot;,  and &quot;crash &amp; burn&quot; is the BEST song i've ever heard.
B000021Y77|5.0|Excellent movie. Very surreal. You really don't know what is going on in exactly until about half way through the movie, and for once that's a good thing!
630562285X|2.0|This movie tries to squeeze mileage out of Connery's charm, Zeta-Jones' sexiness.  However neither of them could do much to overcome the plot's clunkiness.  The heist job in the middle of the movie lacks action and  suspense (the Zeta-Jones moves have been shown too much earlier - even in  the movie trailer, yielding no new &quot;insight&quot; to her  &quot;talents&quot;.)  The &quot;entrapment&quot; makes no sense whatever  given the ending.  A movie for Connery or Zeta-Jones fans only.
6305181772|3.0|Good as action goes, lame as story goes.  Acting was solid and the effects were good for DVD but the story was messy and I was pining for the intelligence of the TV series.
0345423496|1.0|This is probably the worst book I have read.  The book lacks imagination and the characters have no substance.  For such a brilliant start of a series 2001 the ending was so bad it is indescribably bad and predicable.
0782008364|4.0|From the makers of _The Matrix_, here is evidence that gangster noir is alive and kicking in the trunk of American cinema's Cadillac.  The acting is uniformly great, the thrills are intense.  _Bound_ has an impressive  number of completely unexpected, perfectly timed moments of tension.  The  cinematography is excellent.
B00000K19E|1.0|The films's entire premise rests on the fact that reality is a dream and that the real real world is somehow different to the one that we perceive. This is Philosophy 101 and while providing a couple of hours of animated  discussion over a few beers is hardly the 'deep' or 'thought-provoking'  original experience most reviewers seem to think, unless they need Holywood  to do all their thinking for them.<br />  The plot is so full of holes it is  unbelievable, any truely great sci-fi film has to stand up to at least  cursory examination (dont use humans use any less sentient but more  efficient beings thereby obviating the need for the matrix(or a more  efficient chemical or nuclear reaction), why have the agents wear  sunglasses and suits? (in fact the whole agent thing is a mess)) and the  level of violence using guns does seem to make this look like a commercial  for the manufacturers, (why use brains or even a plot when you just have to  shoot everyone in sight in gunfights that just seem to go on forever).<br />   Finally I didnt even really care what happened to the characters if that  was humanity's best hope I'm afraid it left me cold.<br />  As to the special  effects you only need to compare two previous efforts with groundbreaking  effects, Lawnmover Man and Toy Story, both led the field in effects but the  first was lousy the second great because, in the end, what matters is the  script and the acting (even by cartoons). The effects soon become  irrelevent particularly as as technology improves all films will be able to  look like the Matrix but I hope at least some will provide a better use of  2 hours.
0385484518|5.0|Thanks, Morrie and Mitch, you give me diet at my age when I am thinking over the topics such as aging and death.
B000031WD8|5.0|There is something about this movie that immediately reminds me of Fast Times at Ridgemont High(1982, Sean Penn, et. al)...sort of a late 90's, perverted recreation of it.  It blends the day-to-day culture and  situations of typical American high school students with overwhelming  hilarity; at the same time covering subject matter such as  &quot;commitment,&quot; &quot;sex,&quot; and &quot;true love.&quot;  I have  to say that American Pie was just a bit more hilarious than Fast Times at  Ridgemont High, while at the same time putting old 80's social issues in  the background (i.e. unwanted pregnancies, infidelity) and replacing it  with &quot;pseudo-serious&quot; issues. It is a perfect reflection of  direct and to-the-point 90's comedy and far-out fun.
B000002ADT|5.0|Perhaps the best album out there. I strongly recommend this one to anybody. In my opinion 'So What' is the most essential song for every musician to know how to play. i love it!
0803723865|5.0|This is a wonderful and engaging book to have in a classroom library.  You can teach various writing and reading concepts such as: inferences, dialogue, patterns, punctuation and rhyme.  Kids simply love it and are  eager to participate in the reading.
B0000065PD|5.0|I love this movie.  The premise behind it is unique and very interesting.  The special effects are excellent for 1994, and the actors are superb.  I really enjoy it.  I reccomend the special edition--extra footage and  widescreen!
6300184080|5.0|wow so powerful and wonderfully acted i could not take my eyes off of it
0812550757|5.0|This is the best book i've ever read.  I loved Ender's Game and I think that this is even better.
B00000272N|1.0|they're is no talent here just screaming and wailing how can anyone listen to such horrendous garbage the music these days is such an insult on the older bands of the sixties a friend of mine  made me listen to this album  and to be honest  it insulted my intelligence!
B000002J23|4.0|This is the album without Jon.  Heresy! <br />Looking at this as a separate band, however, this is one fabulous album.<br />There are no real duds on this album, although sometimes &quot;Does it Really Happen&quot; comes too close  to a funk/disco hybrid that doesn't sit all that  comfortably.<br />&quot;Machine Messiah&quot;, &quot;Into The Lens&quot; and  especially &quot;Tempus Fugit&quot; are very strong.  Jon Anderson has  expressed that he would not be adverse to singing &quot;Tempus Fugit&quot;  live.  Heck, I think they should rerecord this song and issue as a single.   It is that good! <br />This album is certainly heavier than  &quot;Tormato&quot; and is very well produced (thanks to Trevor Horn I am  sure) and the songs are focused.  I'm not horribly fond of Trevor Horn's  voice though, maybe it is being pitched too high in order to sound  like....<br />No Jon?  <br />Heresy.
B000003TA4|5.0|I don't know where to start. Nirvana is an amazing band, with one-of-a-kind talent and sound.  This CD is the greatest representation of their talent.  I would recommend it to anyone who likes rock music.  There  will never be another band that compares to Nirvana.  They have so many  different moods that make this CD...everything from heavey, angry rock  (Smells Like Teen Spirit) to softer tunes.  This CD is without a doubt a  classic!
B000000I0C|4.0|That is how this album ends.  This album was a personal album for Hammill in an attempt to come to grips with his emotions and get &quot;over&quot; the painful split with his longterm girlfriend.    <br />The split came after  being &quot;Betrayed&quot; by his best friend, and, fittingly, this is the  most emotional and extreme song on the album.<br />This album contains less  &quot;classical-style&quot; melodies and has more of a folk/rock  singer-songwriter approach.  This is fitting given the soul-bearing lyrical  content.<br />The album is not without flaws.  There is an odd-tempo change in  &quot;Time Heals&quot; that detracts from the rest of the tune and the  guitar line in Alice (Letting Go) is repeated a little too often for this  listener.<br />The rest of the album is stunning and emotional.  Not one to  play at parties or relax with the girlfriend.  But for personal listening  and exploration, things don't get much better than this.
6304994540|5.0|To watch this movie only once is a disservice to ones own psych.  Having grown through the 60's and myself being one opposed to the war in Vietnam; I feel that the whole movie ties in real well with the casting of the  characters and with the writing of the story.  Not only did I watch this  movie once but, 8 times in 4 days.  It was not until the 4th time did I  realize that there was a character involved in the movie that was not given  credit.  At the end of the movie when Walter and The Dude were scattering  Donny's ashes unto the Pacific ocean, from upon a cliff, and the ashes blew  back into The Dudes face; Walter and The Dude were embraced, and Walter  says &quot;Let's go bowling&quot;...whom is ontop of the cliff in the  background, dressed in black, walking by?  One of the most excellent movies  created without a lot of blood and guts and thrills.  Very well conceived  and portrayed.  My hats off to the Coen bros.  Let's all hoist a good  sasparilla, too, to Sam Elliot.
B000002HMH|4.0|...OK so some fans were a little dissapointed about this, but lets face it, if ANY band releases the same music over and over agian, no matter what guise it may be in, the monotony is bound to drive people away. I feel that  Metallica made a wise decision in taking a slightly different route.<br />So  what about the album?  Until it sleeps and Hero of the Day are my personal  faves although there is nothing on this album that I did not like. It does  lack some the edge of previous albums but this is replaced by a depth which  breaths in new life. Mama Said is probably the best example of this.<br />If  you are expecting more of the same then this album is probably not for you.  However, if you are looking for something a bit different then here it is.  Either way, you should at least give this album a chance, it IS good!
6305657947|3.0|I enjoyed this movie, because it was nice to view some movie fluff for a change. Also seeing mature characters enjoying seduction and romance made this movie very enjoyable. Another twenty something female teamed with an  over forty something male would have been would have been too predictable  and boring. The psychological undertone which ran through out the movie,  was the issue of trust. One of my favorite lines is when Renee Russo's  character states that her lack of committed relationships is due to men  making women &quot;too messy&quot;. An interesting response to sum up  feelings of trust in twenty five words or less.
0451160916|4.0|The Shining is King at his best - striving for (and achieving) quality rather than length.  The story is taut, well-written, relentlessly building toward a terrifying climax.<br />If your only acquaintance with The Shining is  from the movie by Stanley Kubrick, starring Jack Nicholson, you've missed  out on something.  Nicholson's performance, while memorable (who could ever  forget, &quot;Here's Johnny!&quot;), changed the whole story, and not for  the better.  Nicholson's crazed, wild-eyed looks let you know within five  minutes of the opening credits that the main character, Jack Torrance, is  dangerously close to a major breakdown.  The rest of the movie is  anticlimactic.<br />In the book, however, Jack Torrance starts out as a much  different character.  He's an author, a  former heavy drinker who broke his  son's arm once in a fit of rage, got himself fired from a teaching position  by attacking a student, and has barely held his marriage and life together.   But...he _has_ stopped drinking, he's mended his marriage, he's managing  the anger, and he's taken a menial job (tending the Overlook Hotel) to  support his family.  And, because not enough time has passed to restore his  good name yet, he's doing it all while enduring distrust from those around  him, as well as occasional humiliating charity.<br />The caretaker job does  have it's advantages though; long months of complete solitude in which he  can step back from all the problems he's had, and can take the time to  finish making things right with his family.  Not to mention that it's a  perfect place for him to finish his latest book, a story he can already see  is very good - good enough to be proud of, and good enough to put some real  momentum back in his career.<br />In other words...Jack is back, or at least  well on his way; and even his first steps in getting it together show a lot  of promise of things to come.  Unfortunately, the Overlook, and its ghastly  inhabitants, have other plans for him, his wife, and especially his son  Danny, a five-year old psychic prodigy.  The story that ensues is more  subtle - and tragic - than anything Kubrick and Nicholson dreamed of.
B00001OH1S|3.0|I bought this cd after watching the movie...it was Sting singing Windmills that sold me...it's smooth jazz as only Sting can sing it. The disappointment is that the orthestrated samba track was not included in the  cd...that was a disappointment. Also the cd is too short; more elaboration  would have been great, but to hear Nina Simone's Sinnerman is a rare treat.
6303109950|4.0|This action packed western is sure to please western movie buffs.  Be prepared for the exceedingly overblown violence in this movie, though (a big plus sometimes!).  This film features memorable performances by Kurt  Russel and Val Kilmer.
B00000099Y|5.0|There's always been something intriguing about this album.  The songs may not to be so technical as some of the other masterful rock/metal albums i enjoy(Arcturus' La Masquerade Infernale, any album by Faith No More,  Mr.Bungle, Opeth, Acid Bath, Amorphis, ect. ect.), but the songs are  delivered with such innovation and brilliance that I have always came back  for more. the lyrics are offensive but at the same time, intelligent.  The  bass is melodic and thumping.  The drums are executed well and sometimes  make you wonder how they play so well live.  The guitars, on the other  hand, are not very innovative(virtually ALL drop-D tuning and power  chords), but they fit into the music very, very well(I give Adam Jones  credit.  Apart from being a fairly decent guitar player, he is also a  puppeteer.  He did all the puppetry for their videos).  Now the highlight  of this album: the vocals.  Maynard James Keenan has a really strong, if  not, distinctive voice.  I was amazed at how long he could hold his voice  on &quot;Eulogy&quot;.  Not many other singers can do that(apart from Mike  Patton, Garm Wolf, and Simen Hestnaes).  For music similar to this, I  recommend The Melvins' Stag, Acid Bath, and if you want to be completely  amazed, Arcturus' La Masquerade InFernale.  Thank you.   <br />P.S.  Rest In  Peace Bill Hicks.
6303332609|4.0|I just got one thing to say bout KK: &quot;What are you gonna do with those pies boys?&quot;...FIND OUT!  nuff said.
B000002U82|5.0|This is the 2nd greatest musical piece to listen to. If anyone says it sucks then they suck (I know a few)!  With such classics as Brain Damage, Time, and Money. But the entire album is excellant. But Pink Floyds other  album,The Wall, is better.
1558807381|5.0|This movie is the classic battle between good and evil.  Tim Curry, whose voice, appearence and attitude exude villian in every role he plays, here  Underworld.  His makeup artist should have won awards, because the work is  brillant, from the horns, to the grotesque face and body, right down to the  goat hooves.  The music is the perfect complement to the action, beautiful  and haunting.  And in the end, good triumphs over evil, and the lovers are  reunited.  But the ending is saved from complete perfection and sappiness  light without darkness, how can you have one without the other?
020161622X|5.0|&quot;This book will help you become a better programmer.&quot; So states the very first sentence of the book's preface. Loaded with entertaining anecdotes, real-life examples, stimulating challenges, and exercises (with answers), programmers of all levels will find that The Pragmatic  Programmer: From Journeyman to Master does indeed deliver on its rather  bold opening statement. Managers will also find great value in the chapters  dealing with project issues. The book aims for the &quot;soul&quot; without  bogging down in syntactic details, so it is accessible to programmers of  C++, Java, Smalltalk, Eiffel, Tcl, etc., alike.
B000002IOW|3.0|... And Rush felt the need, again.  At this point of their career, it was imperative. Their album sales had slipped dramatically over the past three records, and were now considered a &quot;dinosaur&quot; by many.  And with  a decision to make between staying with the label they had worked with  since the beginning (Polygram), or jumping ship to another, it was a trying  time. And at this time, guitar dominated music dominated the airwaves  again, but now in the form of unintelligent, bland, talentless  &quot;hair&quot; bands that were packaged to sell based on looks.  And all  of them seemed to sound the same, which added further to the shame of it  all. So at this point, coming off of the weak Hold Your Fire, what was Rush  to do?  First, they did change labels, feeling they had begun to be taking  for granted, kind of how a long-standing employee feels when he or she  works for a company too long, and feels a change is necessary to revitalize  them.  Second, with this change made, they reevaluated their approach to  making music, and decided they should return to a guitar/bass/drums core  sound, with the keyboards used to compliment the core rather than drive the  music.  The end result, Presto, works well, but not as well as it should.   The band seems to feel its way through some of the material, not quite  willing to fully commit to the changes they had planned, as songs such as  &quot;Scars&quot;, &quot;Red Tide&quot;, and &quot;Hand Over Fist&quot;  sound much in the same vein as the HYF material.  The next album, Roll The  Bones, would provide better results.  But this album was at least a  declaration of intent. And sonically, in the guitar based songs, Lifeson's  guitar does not quite regain the edge it had lost after Grace Under  Pressure, though it does come close.  The tone is still a bit too bright  (and he admits the Signature guitars he was using at the time did not  produce as heavy a sound as he would have liked). On the flip side of that  negative, Lifeson's playing becomes exciting again.  Rather than playing  the textural parts that had dominated the past three records, he begins to  construct effective riffs again (check out &quot;Show Don't Tell&quot; and  &quot;Superconductor&quot; for some great ones), and this makes the songs  much stronger melodically.As for Geddy Lee, he is once again a bass player  first, and a keyboard player second.  Even though he had always displayed  great melodicism, his lines had become too loose, too complex, and revolved  more around the synth-heavy arrangements, as opposed to working with the  guitars and drums.  The bass parts as a result, did not have enough body on  their own to knit the songs together.  On Presto, his parts are still  complex, yet they are tighter, and he is more locked in with Lifeson.   Listen to many of these songs here, then go back to Signals, and compare.   Lee is also much tighter with Peart (who at this point was beginning to  strip down his rhythmic approach, playing more groove-oriented parts).As  for Neil Peart, here he began to slowly (slowly, because on some songs it  is still very evident) move away from the electronic percussion he had used  so heavily on the past three records, and shifted toward tighter groove  playing, and interspersing fills more effectively.  It was no surprise that  after this record he would scale down his kit and use one bass drum as  opposed to two (using a double pedal to play the more intricate patterns).   And this change would really manifest itself on Roll The Bones, which was  even tighter rhythmically. In summary, this is an album that does not quite  work (thus the 3 star review) due to the sonic transition the band was  undergoing, but it offers a bit of a promise of what would come later.  I  would not recommend this as the Rush album to begin a collection with, but  if you wanted to dismiss the other 80's albums, and most of the 70's albums  as well, I guess you could.  But later on, you'll probablyend up buying  the entire catalog, just as I have.
B000000OPZ|5.0|The last time I listened to this album was in 1989 and I liked it...a lot.  When I played it for the first time in ten years, it could still send a shiver down my spine.  From the opening words from 'Crying In The Rain' to  the outro for 'Don't Walk Away' I was in raptures.  And my favorite song  'Still Of The Night' - which I compare to a mini rock opera - well, no  words can describe what that song does to me except to say that I love that  song so much.  <br />Although the look of the band (big hair etc) hasn't  really stood the test of time, the music certainly has.  If you want an  in-your-face band with great guitar sound then this is the ideal album for  you.
B00000AFWW|5.0|I've got to say that I love this album. It's a far cry from Pretty On The Inside and Live Through This, but bands are always being critised for churning out the same music - it's a good change.  I must admit I like punk  Hole best, but this without a question is rock album, just not punk/grunge.   The songs are flawlessly written - music and lyrics, and the album has  been very well produced.  There is a variety of different songs from the  pure pop of 'Heaven Tonight', to the punk os 'Reasons to Be Beautiful' and  'Playing Your Song', to the atmospheric nature of 'Northern Star' and  'Dying'. The variety is amazing, and all the tracks are strong. Celebrity  Skin is a brilliant opening track and things only get better.  The tunes  might sound 'pop' to Hole's hardcore fans, but there are messages in the  lyrics and plenty of references to the late Kurt Cobain.  I doubt very much  that Hole have 'sold-out' - just changed.  Standout tracks include:  Celebrity Skin, Petals, Reasons to Be Beautiful, Playing Your Song, Boys on  The Radio, in fact to me all of them are standout tracks. This isn't as  good as Live Through This, however it is difficult to compare them as they  are so different. I'd recommend this to Hole fans (even Pretty On The  Inside fans), give it a try and don't write Courtney off as a sellout, she  may be a movie star now, but she still has the punk ethics that sh has  always had. Also new Hole material suggests that this 'pop' stage may well  be only temporary.<br />Just enjoy the album for what it is - a work of art.
B00000DBXL|5.0|because I swear some of these reviews must come from 12 year olds.  I guess if you dont like pmagic you can return it for a Backstreet boys cd.  Or Brittney Spears.  Cripes,  I dont even know what to say Im so irritated  with some of these reviews.  This is a great cd.  The lyrics are alot  deeper than most seem to realize, but not sappy.  By the way, the phrase  &quot;sheep go to heaven, goats.... is from the bible.  You figure the rest  out.
6304675399|5.0|This video is awesome! Not only is it scary and funny, but they also poke fun of sterotypical horror movies-saying how characters are running up the stairs instead of out the front door.This movie is a must see and it will  be remembered by a lot of people for a very long time.
6304708483|5.0|Of course I saw this film when it came out, but now my 4 year old daughter wants to see it over and over. It actually gets better the more you watch it- there's quite a bit of dialog that goes unnoticed at first (especially  if you're American) that is really quite clever. The Beatles themselves are  surprisingly good, considering they are not actors. My only regret is that  the songs are lip-synched, not performed live. Of course, the REAL tragedy  is that it is no longer available. Get a DVD copy while you still can (some  copies are still around, usually an online auction item). Relive the  excitement of early Beatles!
6305089957|5.0|This video is also great like the first-It keeps you guessing and keeps you on the edge of your seat.No movie can be better than the original-but this is as close as it gets!
0792151712|4.0|I requested a copy of the most popular motion picture of all time after hearing endless claims about it's great and all that. Personally, I thought it was well worth its 11 Oscars, but I gave it four stars for several  reasons: the casting of the once-popular Leonardo DiCaprio, the nasty  dialogue (made up for top-notch direction by James Cameron and strong  special effects), and the most overrated song of the century, Celine Dion's  &quot;My Heart Will Go On,&quot; which sold zillions of copies globally, as  well as the soundtrack and yes the film too. Otherwise, it's a visually  splendid retelling of the death of that ship on April 12 (or 15?), 1912.
B00002E23H|5.0|This is a great movie.I think LL Cool J was the best actor in the movie.I really liked how LL could make some scenes funny-like with his bird. The scientist woman(don't remember name)was so stupid-Why would any sane person  give knowledge to something that was big enough to eat them? I do love the  movie anyway.I think a lot of people would enjoy this movie!
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is one of the best albums I've heard in years!  I love this album so much!  Moby is a musical genius, he always has been. Taking from gospel &amp; soul influences, adding on ambient sounds, and bringing the two  together in endless harmony. When compared to some of the music that tops  the charts today, this is Earthshattering!   Not only that, but the man is  one of the best minds that the world has (Just read the liner notes). Rave  on, Moby. Rave on.
B00000K3UR|5.0|This movie is great and shows Adam Sandler in a different role.Yes,of course he is being funny in the movie.The different role that I'm talking about is his character having to take care of a little kid.In Billy Madison  he was acting like a little kid,In the Waterboy his character was being  watched over by his mom.But,in this movie he had to take care of his 'son'  and when he has his son taken away he is upset.It proves that Adam can play  a character that isn't only funny.I think that this movie is great!If you  haven't seen it you should!
B00001ODHH|4.0|Boy, after seeing all the trailers and preivews of Army of Darkness back in 1993, it looked like an enjoyable enough fantasy movie with Bruce Campbell, who starred in Brisco County, Jr. (A truly funny series) at the  time.  But the movie died in the theaters before I had a chance to watch it  and it sort of slipped from my mind.  Then, just last year, I watched Evil  Dead 2 because a friend of mine recommended it; though, I have to say, I  didn't like that movie, but when I found out it was the prequel to Army of  Darkness I immediately went to the video stores and looked for a copy of  the second sequel.  Finding it, I watched it and enjoyed it much more than  Evil Dead 2.<br />The plot begins in The Evil Dead (an okay and serious horror  movie that's a bit too bloody for its own good) where five college students  vacation in a cabin in the woods of Tennessee.  Everything is peaceful  enough until they find a book inside the basement.  After playing a tape  that had recorded the chants in the book, it awakens evil spirits in the  woods and they systematically possess each person.  Eventually, only Ash  Williams (Bruce Campbell) remains an intact person at the end of the movie  and Evil Dead 2 chronicles his continuing battle with the spirits (now  known as Deadites)in the woods (he can't leave since the bridge out is  destroyed).  At the end of Evil Dead 2, a few more chants are read and a  portal is opened, transporting Ash and his Chevy to the year 1300, a time  when the Deadite terror was at an all-time high. The villagers believe him  to be the Chosen One, making Ash reluctantly agree to search for the  Necronomicon, the same book that caused all of Ash's problems in the future  (or past, whatever).  With the book he can help the villagers defeat the  Deadites and help himself return to his own time, but it's only a matter of  time before his own clumsy brain gets him into a bigger mess.<br />Ash is  back, and much better than ever!  After the less than mediocre Evil Dead 2,  Army of Darkness is a major improvement.  This time, there's more action,  adventure, outrageous humor with a comedic tour-de-force performance from  Bruce Campbell.<br />I was thoroughly impressed with the special effects,  which are intentionally cheesy, but done well, nonetheless.  The sets are  pretty good but nothing more than a large medieval castle is really shown  during most of the movie.  Certainly, the best part of the movie is  Campbell's quest for the Necronomicon that leads him to a windmill and a  pack of his clones and a graveyard full of three-stooges skeletons.<br />Army  of Darkness is placed in the horror section in all the video stores, but  it's an all-out action/comedy with snappy one-liners.  The humor can be  somewhat dark but it mostly feels oriented for adolescents and young  teenagers.  There's some similarity in the comedy style between this movie  and Monty Python and the Holy Grail, although I find AoD more entertaining  because of its action sequences and a somewhat more coherent plot.  I also  enjoyed the time loop in this series.  In Evil Dead 2, it was mentioned  that a man ridded the world from the terrors of the Deadites in the year  1300 to which Ash replies that the man didn't do a very good job of it, not  knowing he's the one who defeated the Deadites even though at that point he  hadn't gone back in time yet, although paradoxically, he already had.<br />My  only complaint is that the movie's 81 minute running time is too short.   There is the new version that's 15 minutes longer but it's ending is far  below satisfactory, unlike the theatrical version's &quot;showdown with a  witch&quot; ending.<br />This is a fun, enjoyable, and very entertaining  comedy that's nowhere near as gory as critics seem to think (In fact, Monty  Python and the Holy Grail is just as bloody if not more).  Also, Amazon's  review states that Army of Darkness is strictly for horror fans.  Well, I  know many friends of mine who have seen this movie without knowing it's a  part of a horror trilogy and they found it to be hilarious.
B00000IO4J|5.0|Okay,I know some of the other reviews gave this movie 1 or 3 stars-What are they thinking? This movie IS AWESOME.I'm 15 and it was great 4 many reasons.One reason is you don't know the answers to all the questions in  your head until the end.I think that it's a great movie.Josh Hartnett does  a great job .I think that YOU should check it out!
0385493800|4.0|I won't bore you with the previously mentioned details, but if you are looking for a great paperback book that is an exciting read... look no further.  This is the first Grisham book I have read in about 4 years.  I  enjoyed the Firm and the Pelican Brief.  I also enjoyed some of the film  adaptations of his works.  The Testament surpasses those previous works.   The story touches on a themes we have read about before, greed, redemption,  family, the law.  But I never thought Grisham could pull off a novel of  this quality.  The usual twists and turns are here but unlike some of his  previous works everything that happens here is fairly believable (no 'mob  controlled' law firms or chases through parking garages).  Just a simple  story about some really messed up rich family who has lost everything ever  given to them, a lawyer who has lost everything and a woman who has nothing  material but everything spiritually and emotionally.  The legal details  here are excellent (as one might imagine)... but it is the description of  the jungles, rivers and people of Brazil that blew me away.  Finally, the  way Grisham deals with the ideas of faith and religion are to be applauded.   Though some might say he is, Grisham is not preaching in this novel...he  is exploring the ideas of right and wrong and targeting the truly positive  aspects of religion.  As someone who doesn't necessary view himself as  spiritual or religious, it touched me to faith portrayed in such an  enjoyable manner.  Bravo Grisham, I look forward to the Brethren.
630438551X|5.0|This movie is great.The cast did a great job in making the movie modern and they still had the play in the movie.I think that lots of people would like the movie,I do and I know people who do to.
0684867621|4.0|Always a King fan, I must say, I haven't picked up anything so utterly suspensful in a very long time.  While more complex King books almost always satisfy, once in a while the pure simplicity of a book like this is  like having a really long drink of cool water on a hot day.  This is also  possibly the most reality driven King book I have experienced.  No  supernatural occurences here, only the harsh horror of a worst nightmare  come to life.  A great read!  Demands to be read from start to finish!
6305205620|5.0|Metallica, regardless what people may say, is the best band EVER. I can listen to every song they have put out. This DVD just shows how strong a presence they still hold on stage, where they make their home. James,  Jason, Lars, and Kirk play harder than ever with each performance. Two  hours into this concert these guys are still going stronger than ever.  <br />This DVD just shows that Metallica is the best live band there is, and  on Enter Sandman it shows Metallicas popularity as the crowd sings alnog  word for word. <br />This will simply blow your mind away! The visuals are  pure DVD quality and the 5.1 sound is mind boggling!
B000001DZM|1.0|I suppose if one is hosting a Tacky 70's Polyester Party sometime in the near future this disc might come in handy.  If you and your guests have strong stomachs you can relive some of the worst songs of that era.  Poorly  sung, poor produced, most of these songs are best forgotten.  Even if you  enjoyed the movie, as I did, it is difficult to imagine that you will  actually have any need to hear Charlene's &quot;I've Never Been To Me&quot;  which must rank among the handful of songs of all time.
B000007T1M|5.0|this cd is awesome. it is so hard and great! i'm glad i got this cd! seriously! they aren't exactly like ratm, korn, or limp, and want to make their own music, which they have accomplished quite well. i'd recommend this cd to anyone who's into anything other than the bsb.
0887306128|5.0|I were totally shocked when I first read this book(I borrowed it from the public library but now I want to have my own copy).It just tell the feeling inside the bottom of my heart of how to be an effective executive in the  knowledge-based society.'To get the right thing done'is a simple jargon but  it is also the real essence of being effective in every aspect.I highly  recommend this book to all my friends who really want to achieve something  in their career.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido is an excelant CD... I play it over and over.. you can NEVER get sick of it. She has a great voice and her lyrics are very touching and moving. Her music is soothing...although some of her songs are depressing, they  still fill you with joy. For some reason her songs speak a thousand  words...they give me courage and inspiration.  Her words send shivers doen  my spine.
6303212379|5.0|This movie ... beyond great.  It was funny when I was 8, it's funny for different reasons when I was 18, and I'm sure it will still be funny when I'm 88.  Make sure to buy this movie!  You will not regret the purchase.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Okay I can not say enough about this CD...it is absolutly moving, insperational..it touched me in so many ways. So many songs like #1 &quot;Here with me&quot;  remind me of spring and winter with loved ones  who are no longer here..not just reminding me but I could almost feel I am  there. I bought this CD after hearing &quot;honestly ok&quot; wow this song  sends shivers up my spine.  can not explain the feelings the cd brings out  of  me good enough..you listen and you'll see. It is truly moving. Sorry  Sara I still love your music but I think Dido took the stage! Her voice  flows right through you, touching your soul...spreading her light all  around us. it is almost spiritual. I have never heard a CD like this. I'll  never forget Dido. I relate to so many songs i Thank her for helping me  deal with issues and ffel good about my self..... one of my favorites  &quot;Don't think of me&quot; Great CD
039472903X|4.0|David Ogilvy sums up his years of experience as an advertising legend in a dozen concise and amply illustrated chapters. Critics might be inclined to attack his opinions as dogmatic, and some of the ads he uses as examples  appear corny and outdated today. On the other hand, so do the clothes and  hairstyles in old movies, but it doesn't make them any less valuable as  historical artifacts, or any less interesting. <br />As for dogmatism, it's  actually refreshing to get an unambiguous read on a profession that is by  nature nebulous, and if anyone has a right to an opinion, he's the man.  <br />The chapter on print advertising contains enough densely packed  information to allow an intelligent novice to design and write a creditable  ad, and the book concludes with a series of short profiles of advertising  pioneers such as Leo Burnett that are highly engrossing.<br />Ogilvy's writing  style is exemplary for anyone in the communications field: terse, forceful,  devoid of hot air. Anyone interested in advertising, marketing, or public  relations---or in David Ogilvy as a figure in his own right---will enjoy  this classic.
0312853238|5.0|In a world where religion and multiple children are forbidden, where being a third is a stigma and being exactly what the goveronment wants is curse. Ender, a boy of six starts on a jurney that will haunt him forever, for he  is the one who must save humanity by destroying an entire species, but he  doesn't know that , all he knows is the Game.
B00000ILDE|5.0|This has to be my all time favorite sci-fi film. The first was good and the other sequels were well dodgy, but this is pure class. From quite a  slow start, action-wise, this film builds to a briliiant climax. Some people say that it was not as tense as the first film - rubbish. When the survivors are left in the medical lab and the motion trackers detect  the aliens coming closer it is heart pounding. The performances are also  top notch - Bill Paxton is amazing as the once tough then very nervy  marine. Please see this film if you have not already - even if you have  seen the other Alien films and didn't like them.
B00002MZ12|5.0|In my humble opinion, this is the best album of 1999, a must buy CD.  ;) Alanis sounds better performing live, she transmited us all her feelings that make her wrote her songs, I mostly buy albums from artist that writes their own songs, that's why she's my favorite singer, song writer and  composer.  She not only sings beatiful melodies, but also writes the most  deep lyrics, she makes us feel and think.  This album bring us 3  unrealeased songs, the rest of the songs sounds different than their  original versions, but they still great!   Her music is so addictived!  1.  YOU LEARN, sounds great in any version, but this one sounds even better  than the JLP version, she's not like all those artist that always play  their songs in the same way. 2. JOINING YOU, a melancollic version.  This  song was not on Tv. 3. NO PRESSURE OVER CAPPUCCINO, finally she decided to  put it on this album, I only had to conform to listten to it on the net  before this CD came out.  Is a sweet song inspired by her twin brother.  4.THAT I WOULD BE GOOD, I know many people that now are fans since they  first heard this song. 5.HEAD OVER FEED, This sounds better that the  original version from JLP. 6.PRINCES FAMILIAR, a new song, this is my  favorite one.  What a voice!  This song rocks!  7.I WAS HOPPING,  wonderful. This song was not on Tv. 8. IRONIC, sounds great with the piano!  I became a fan since I first listtened to this song back in 1995. 9. THESE  R THE THOUGHTS, what a great song! great lyrics. It's a ballad,  However I  preffer the studio version, if U want to listten to the studio version you  should get the &quot;Joining you&quot; single, there are many.  This song  was not on Tv. 10. KING OF PAIN, a cover from The police, I have their  album: Every breath you take, To tell U the truth, It wasn't my favorite  song on that album, but this new version rocks!  Sting: don't get mad,  Alanis has took this song out of the freezer and she has unfrozen it with  her warm voice.  There isn't a little black spot on the sun today  anymore!  11. YOU OUGHTA KNOW, sounds like the grammy's version. 12.  UNINVITED, what? do I have to tell you all about this album? What are you  waiting for? go to the nearest store or buy it wherever you want!  This  album is not going to let you down. Believe me, this CD is going to be your  favorite!   She has her own website, with her personal touch. The lyrics for the  new songs are there.  You can fell that maybe her songs where written about  yourself, things that almost nobody feels so open to write about.   This  album is for the ones that still believes in magic.
6305171769|5.0|One of the best sequels, in fact in my view, THE best sequel. The ending was great but I think this is the end of HALLOWEEN now.
B00000IQBM|5.0|Not only does this movie have Jack Nicholson, one of the greatest actors, but it was directed by Stanley Kubrick, the greatest director. Some say the T.V. version that was made a couple years back is better. They don't know  anything. No one can capture the pure insanity of Jack Taurance better than  Nicholson. In the T.V. version, Jack was played by that very mediocre actor  that was on that horrible show, &quot;Wings&quot;. Now I never read the  book, but I've heard that the T.V. version was a lot more like the book.  But, who cares? In movies, I look for quality, not how accurate it is.  Shelly Duvall gets annoying at times, but overall this movie is a classic.  It contains classic Kubrick camerawork, (which I love so much) and  Nicholson's performance is amazing. A must-see.
B0000203Y5|5.0|This is a movie that shows cuban music performed by cuban artists that have been doing this all their lives. Some of them had given up performing and are quite old for musicians, but they come alive with the chance to  perform for a new generation. Their eyes twinkle with love for their craft.  Some of the numbers would be considered old standards for those of us of  latin backgrounds who grew up hearing our mothers/fathers or grandparents  singing them.  For jazz lovers worldwide it is a chance to appreciate the  influence of cuban and afro cuban music in jazz.  I truly enjoyed this  movie and the music is outstanding!
B000001DTM|5.0|U2 is different from others because they express themselves rather than try to find what makes money.  Bono once commented that he believes that the songs are already written and his job is to try not to get in their way  too much.  Achtung Baby, for U2, was the album that revived them (after  what seemed like the end of the road after Rattle and Hum) and gave them a  new meaning of what life as musicians is all about.  Achtung Baby must be  listened to from beginning to end without interruptions or skipping through  songs, as if one was reading a book.  It tells a story of confusion, sex,  love, betrayal, and desperation.  And I have read this awesome book  thousands of times.
0679746048|5.0|I loved this book. It captivated me from the very start. Ms. Kaysen not only recorded her memories, she also cleverly included commentaries on the worlds of both the &quot;sane&quot; and the &quot;insane&quot;. She also  included copies of records like her admittance form. I read the book first.  Last week, I saw the movie with some friends. I kept turning and whispering  to them, &quot;This never happened!&quot; It actually quite annoyed me. I  suggest that you either choose to read the fabulous and skillfully written  book, or see the movie. This novel was one of the best that I have ever  read. I feel that Ms. Kaysen is an author of the same league and talent as  Sylvia Plath and other great woman authors of our time. This is an  exceptional book. I recommend it highly.
B00000J7J4|2.0|I can understand Santana's desire to reach a different, younger crown - but this? Any one cut on his 1st 3 albums (or the 80's &quot;Havana Moon&quot;) kicks this whole album out to the curb. Carlos' trademark was  complex rhythms and musicality - this sounds like music from &quot;Your  Local Weather&quot; on the Weather Channel! On the positive side, maybe  some folks will buy his older stuff again - but if you're expecting more of  this &quot;music to pop Valium and drink herbal tea to&quot; you won't be  happy.
0792839730|1.0|To give the film its due, the cast is awe-inspring: Sean Connery, Michael Caine, Anthony Hopkins (young, at that), Gene Hackman, Robert Redford, James Caan, Laurence Olivier, Elliott Gould, and Denholm Elliott head a  cast seemingly of thousands. However, once one gets past seeing this  assemblage &quot;all in the same room&quot; so to speak, there is nothing  else to be impressed with and many things with which to be annoyed.<br />The  film centers on the enormous WWII airborne operation to take a corridor of  bridges leading to Arnhem. Most of the named stars are the commanders of  units in the operation and many of the same commanders served as military  consultants to the film. Normally I would applaud such authenticity, but it  is this film's Achilles' heel. From the first minutes, we see these  commanders protesting the insane plot hatched by the top brass, including  Montgomery. It is impossible to suspend one's belief so far to assume that  Monty, etc., were as supremely stupid as the film suggests, and after  nearly three hours of this treatment, the ending is tediously inevitable.  <br />The DVD version sets an even lower standard. This epic has lengthy  scenes in German and Dutch, but when listening to the English language  version, no subtitles appear for these scenes. One must turn on English  subtitles for the whole movie--an annoying distraction--and even then the  subtitles disappear in some crucial sections of foreign dialogue! The  subtitles also appear partly over the picture, which is inexcusable in a  widescreen edition. The video is a poor, pixelated transfer, crying out for  a remastering. Finally, the DVD has no extra features, other than the  theatrical trailer.
6300247120|4.0|I cannot say much about this movie because, if I did, I would run out of space. I love this movie, beginning to end. I would ask my health teacher if we could watch this movie in his class, and it came to a point where if  I mentioned this movie again, I would get a detention. This movie deserves  five stars, but I feel a movie has to be really great to get that rating.  This movie reminds me of times in my own life. I guess that is why I love  it so much. Get this movie and watch it immediately, you will not be  dissappointed.
B00002E23H|4.0|I loved this movie.  I loved the special effects and the sharks seems realistic unlike the sharks in &quot;Jaws&quot;.  I have a fascination in sharks so I was excited to see this movie.  It was even better then I hoped  for and it keep me really excited.  I loved the part when LL Cool J had to  hop into the oven to save himself from a shark, that was just too cool.  The moment of surprise with Samuel L. Jackson was pretty good too, made me  jump!  A must see movie for thrill-seekers and shark lovers!
0767819594|1.0|Are you too dumb to hide your own p0rn? Well, by golly, here is a film for you. &quot;Look ma, its based on a french movie!&quot; Well, hot dang, that means culture! Culture! Culture Culture! Do you know what that means, you  heathen barbarians? Back, back! Instead of watching insipid MTV remixes  that take actual peices of art like Dangerous Liasions and distill them  into approximatetly 8 minutes worth of vaugely arousing footage, why don't  you go into the yard and flagellate yourselves? Then those of us who are  superior intellectually can easily avoid wasting our valuable time with  snot brained rat rectums like yourselves by simply avoiding anyone with  blood pouring down their backs! Go watch some real cinema, like A Pure  Formality or Long Day's Journey into Night. Or at least watch Night of the  Hunter, and learn something valuable, like how to beat a fish to death with  an ore.
630521610X|5.0|When Kevin Williamson and Wes Craven teamed up to make the new genre of horror movies, they had no clue how big it would really get. In my opinion, SCREAM is the best horror film since Halloween!
B000001DQG|5.0|Caribou is a little miracle that happens, and then, is forgotten. As someone once said while saying goodbye to the Yellow Brick Road - &quot;That you have to clean the oyster to find the pearl.&quot;
0385495315|5.0|Simon Singh has written another great book (after Fermat's Enigma).  He presents a detailed and interesting history of cryptography.  Stories and anecdotes make for nice diversions, although there were a couple of  instances where the book seemed to stray.  The code challenge at the end of  the book is a nice touch, allowing the reader to apply his/her  code-breaking skills using information presented in the book.
0679428887|5.0|After reading this book I was almost sad that it was over.  The thought of Stalin coming &quot;back from the grave&quot; is a very intriguing subject that deserves the attention that this book should get.  The ending of the  book with the character Zinaidia Rapava is a great twist that was not at  all expected and leaves one wanting more.  For all of the people that did  not like this book and thought it was &quot;dissapointing&quot; I think  that you are wrong.  Harrison paints an excellent picture of present day  Russia and ads a twist of what it used to be like during the cold war.
B000004286|5.0|When I saw the movie I cried, tears rolled down my cheeks without my permission, the music in the background made me emotional. I did'nt have the CD but in my hall one of my friend has it. When he played it I thought  I must buy it. He said me it is cheaper to buy through amazon. So I came  here listening to the tune.
044100590X|2.0|I basically found Dune to be an airball in comparison to the reviews some people gave me. The plot was too intricate, the book was too long, and for God's sake it is a pain to have to flip back to the glossary every page or  so. I actually began to uderstand the book at page 425 when the Baron is  discussing his plans with Thufir Hawat...but I shouldn't have to read that  much for it to get interesting. And I hate to get all of you SF freaks  angry...but Frank Herbert was a BAD WRITER. Some of the things he describes  are very clunkily worded, sentences either too brief or two wordy. Plus he  never used the word &quot;and&quot; in the entire book. An example would be  a sentence like &quot;He walked over to the case, opened it.&quot; It just  got annoying after awhile. It is a long dull story told with modest talent.
B000001DQI|5.0|It's nice to see that even the mentally challenged can find Amazon.com (see one of the previous reviews). Captain Fantastic's greatest cd. Music written over a long weekend. Brilliant. No filler here, just some  experimental sounds that do work. Then there are the classics, and lots of  them. Funeral For A Friend is stunning. Check out the hits. Amazing. My  favorites include more obscure tracks like: Sweet Painted... Dirty  Little... I've Seen That... Harmony... Social Disease... Oh, hell they're  all great. This cd is as &quot;good&quot; as some of these reviews (see  below) are &quot;bad.&quot; Genius.
6305627347|5.0|This movie was super. Not only was it super, it was sweet. My best friend and I saw it in the theater and everyone there could hardly stop laughing. If you like South Park, and aren't offended by ample use of certain words,  then you'll enjoy this flick. It stars Trey Parker and Matt Stone as many  of the voices, with some done by the late talented Mary Kay Bergman (aka  Shannen Cassidy) as well. It starts with the kids going to see a Terrance  and Phillip movie, where they pick up some colorful language. Their parents  blame not themselves, but Canada! An all out war unsues, with Terrance and  Phillip named the war criminals. The kids form a secret club to rescue  Terrance and Phillip from execution. And there's more. Lots more. So go out  and rent it, buy it, do what you will, but South Park fans, see this  flick!
B00003XACV|5.0|I bought the score for the film AMERICAN BEAUTY, and I have listened over 6 times. Thomas Newman is one of the most underrated composers out there, but this may well be his best score yet. With songs like &quot;Dead  Already,&quot; &quot;Structure &amp; Discipline,&quot; &quot;Still  Dead&quot; and &quot;Any Other Name,&quot; this CD is great to listen to.  For those who love percussion, this is an absolute must. Using very unique  instruments like the kim-kim drums and two steel guitars, they mix together  to make an amazing score for truly one of the most original films of this  decade. Go listen to it! You will like it!
0440219078|4.0|I recommend The Giver by Lois Lowry.  I would recommend this book because it was very different from all the books I've read but also very enjoyable.  Did you ever think you would be in charge of your tower when you turn 13.
0767802659|1.0|Quite simply, this movie is terrible. Paul Verhoeven thinks that he is making some clever comment on fascism and the state, but no amount of subtext can redeem this movie. How this gained a 15 rating in England is  beyond me, because the violence is quite horrific - I've nothing against  the use of violence in film, it's just that it serves absolutely no purpose  here other than to titillate teenage boys along with the naked women which  Verhoeven always puts in somewhere. Van Dien is one of the worst actors  that has ever graced the silver screen, and the whole exercise just feels  like a cheap film which was suddenly given lots of money to play around  with. Someone get Verhoeven to realise that all this nasty on-screen  carnage went out in the 80s. We all know that what is implied and not shown  in a film is much more effective. The commentary is horrible because it's  got the director screaming in his nasal twang, the deleted scenes are  boring along with the featurettes and the screen tests make you wonder what  the other people were like if the people shown got hired. Thank God my  friend bought this and I didn't. It went straight back to the retailer I  can tell you. I can't give it no stars, so the one will have to be for  Denise Richards, who's pretty awful in this too. Please, for your own  health, stay away from this film.
B000001EGA|5.0|Everlasting and perfect. Autobiographical in theme. A fantastic mix of rock, pop, ballad, and even a hint of blues with &quot;Tell Me When The Whistle Blows.&quot; Certainly not a cd for bubblegummers. Each song is  well-crafted and creates a pace that is sometimes heart-stoppingly fast -  and then relaxingly slow and steady. As usual Captain Fantastic's music is  perfectly constructed. A genius at work no doubt.
6305470464|5.0|Usually romantic comedies focus on the comedy more than the romance. Leaving the plot line unclear and unrealistic. But in 'Playing by Heart' you know more about the characters. They throw in a few jokes for good  measure, but it's not the idiot comedy people are used to, so it just makes  the movie better.<br />The chemistry between the actors is wonderful. Joan  (Angelina Jolie)and Keneen(Ryan Phillippe) have such a great chemistry  together you'd think they were really in love. Meredith (Gillian Anderson)  and Trent's (Jon Stewart) chemistry is a bit shaky at first, while Meredith  tries to push a way Trent becuase she's been hurt so many times, but then  picks up beautifully when she finally decides to go with her emotions. Paul  (Sean Connery) and Hannah (Gena Rowlands) have such a wonderful chemistry.  Though it starts out angrily (could paul hae been playing around a few  years back) once they reach a reconsiliation it is beautiful.<br />I definetly  reccomend this movie.
0440219078|5.0|This book was one of my favorite books.  It kept me on the edge of my seat the entire way through.  It is about a boy and what happens to him when he receives the most important job in the tower.  If I recommend any book it  would be this one.
0140177396|5.0|It made my heart pulpitate and my tongue quiver in anticipation
044022165X|4.0|This is the sixth book I've read, written by the talented John Grisham, and he has yet to disappoint me. While the first couple of chapters relating to the discovery of the case's drag there feet a little, once  through them it's difficult to put it down.<br />The book reaches its peak in  the chapters relating to the trial, and those around me must have thought  me mad, as I laughed at the way Rudy Baylor topples the legal giants. A  brillant novel.
630445841X|4.0|Certainly Pitt's finest hour yet. I have not seen all of his movies, but I can't say I've seen a better performance out of him. Anthony Hopkins, as always, never fails to deliver. The complications in this movie are many,  but that is what makes each scene important and not left on the cutting  room floor. One scene that I will always remember is Tristan's youngest  brother blinded by mustard gas and caught in the barbed wire calling his  name as German troops set up a machine gun to puncture the life from his  body. If you've seen it once, watch it again. If not, then watch it anyway.
6300270726|5.0|Clint is the Old Wests hand of God in this classic good vs evil western.  A powerful performance by all.
B000031XCR|4.0|This CD is a must have for fans of adult contemporary music.  It has most of Celine's greatest hits, I say most because her breakthrough hit &quot;Where does my heart beat now?&quot; is strangely absent.  They should  have left the &quot;mountains&quot; song off and substituted this instead.   The opening song, &quot;power of love&quot; is by far the best.  As for the  new songs, the first few are good, but the last four are boring; when I get  to the Frank Sinatra duet a find myself hitting the stop button and going  back to the beginning, so I can't really give this 5 stars.  &quot; the way  it is&quot; and &quot; if walls could talk&quot; are great, &quot;the first  time&quot; is only so-so and doesn't match up to the Roberta Flack classic.  But overall this is still a great CD.  There are a lot of nasty one-star  reviews here because someone wrote a very nasty, hateful review of Mariah  Carey's new &quot;Rainbow&quot; CD (which is a good CD by the way) and  identified herself as a fan of the new Celine CD.  These nasty reviews are  Mariah fans getting their revenge.  It's a sad world we live in today when  we can no longer say we dislike someone's music without using insults and  name-calling.
B0000070QS|4.0|I'm a big fan of A Ha since '85 &quot;Hunting High and Low.&quot;  Their big commercial hit &quot;Take on Me&quot; is not even a real taste of their music. I was so into the other songs on the album that I bought every album  they ever produced.  I don't know what it is, but Morten Harket voice is so  unique  I just wanted to hear more and more.  When I found this CD on  Amazon I gave it a try.  This CD  &quot;Wild Seed&quot; is just what I was  looking for.  He has not missed a beat.  He is still amazing.  You won't be  disappointed.  Give it a try...
0780623592|4.0|Good film that shows how a once idealilist politian gets engulfed with power and becomes corrupt. Sad but true about american politics. The politians will do whatever they can to stay on top legal or illegal. Pacino  was excellent as he always is. Cusack was great as the deputy mayor who  uncovers the conspricy. The film shows how politians fall from grace so  easily.
6303020089|5.0|A smart plot and great acting light up this movie!  Harrison Ford is amazing,and so is Tommy Lee Jones.  The plot, unlike the one in &quot;Die Hard&quot; or other senseless action movies, is intelligent.  The movie is  incredibly suspenseful.  You will be on the edge of your seat the whole  time.
0590353403|5.0|I am 37 years old and the mother of three boys 14, 12, &amp; 9.  My Mom sent all three books to my boys for Christmas.  My 11 year old devoured the first two before the holidays were over.  I started reading book one not really knowing what to expect and I finished all three books within four  days.  I was up until 1:00 a.m. finishing the Prisoner of Azkaban.  What a  wonderful gift J.K. Rowling has.  I want to offer my personal thanks to  this author for creating a book my children LOVE to read!  We've had some  great discussions about the adventures Harry goes through.  About how cruel  people can be to those they deem different than themselves.  These books  have opened up a whole new line of communication between myself and my  children.<br />Anyone who can view these books with anything less than total  enthusiam are missing the point.  The reviews by the youngsters show just  how much this series is loved by young and old alike.<br />What I wouldn't  give to watch a real Quidditch match!  Try one of Hagrid's rock cakes and  pet Buckbeak, explore the secret passages of Hogwart's, catch that fiendish  rat Scabbers, who has deceived Ron and caused Harry such sorrow.<br />I  sincerely hope Harry will soon be able to live with his God-Father and get  away from those awful Dursley's.  Three cheers for Albus Dumbledore and the  rest of the teaching staff.  Please fire Professor Snape!<br />Keep up the  good writing, well written children's fantasy books are hard to find.  As  for the violence, go back and look at some of the original Grimm's  fairytales...before condeming.  BRAVA!
B000002BFL|5.0|I should explain that I'm not a fan of the &quot;Born in the USA&quot; Bruce - not because he hit the Top 10, but because the songs were just a bit .. pop oriented.   I used to be somewhat of a fanatic, spellbound by  his poetic phrasing and the raw beauty of the music.    &quot;Greetings&quot; was ambitious, but flawed.   &quot;The Wild &amp;  Innocent&quot; is, in my opinion, one of the most underrated albums in  rock; it's a masterpiece through and through. The fact that casual  Springsteen fans have probably never heard &quot;New York City  Serenade&quot; and &quot;Incident on 57th Street&quot; is a shame.  <br />&quot;Born to Run&quot; is maybe one of the two or three greatest rock  albums of all time, but the Wall of Sound does show its age a little.  Too  bad &quot;Meeting Across the River&quot; never got played on the radio.   &quot;She's the One&quot; and &quot;Backstreets&quot; are classic, as well.    <br />&quot;Darkness&quot; was a good album (&quot;Racing in the  Street&quot;, the title track), but not quite a masterpiece.   &quot;The  River&quot; is my favorite Springsteen album to LISTEN to, but that doesn't  make it his best; it's not.  I like the frat rock of &quot;Ramrod&quot;,  &quot;Sherry Darling&quot; and the ballads of &quot;Wreck on the  Highway&quot; and &quot;I Wanna Marry You&quot;; a good collection of  tunes.<br />&quot;Nebraska&quot; is one of the greatest musical recordings,  period.   What a bold move by Bruce - to release a demo tape of acoustic  songs recorded in his home, with him in a rocking chair?  It paints such a  vivid portrait of desolation. I read someone's review that said he could  only listen to it once or twice a year; I agree.  It's definitely not USER  FRIENDLY! LOL. Still, it's a brilliant and haunting record that stays with  you in the way movies like &quot;Three Seasons&quot; or &quot;Cinema  Paradiso&quot; do - slow and drawn out, but oh my. &quot;Highway  Patrolman&quot; and the title track are stunning songs.&quot;Mansion on  the Hill&quot; is amazing, as well.<br />&quot;Born in the USA&quot;...  It's  not a BAD record, just too &quot;pop&quot; for my taste.  In fairness,  maybe I heard TOO much of the record; play the Hell out of something and it  loses its appeal. &quot;No Surrender&quot; is a nice little tune.  They're  all quite catchy. Thing is, I think of the album and I start to see Michael  Jackson all over again - the whole 80's thing.  Again, it might just be  that radio played it to death.<br />&quot;Tunnel of Love&quot; I didn't like.   The only songs I liked were &quot;One Step Up&quot; and &quot;Valentine's  Day&quot;. I don't get why most Bruce fans rank this as one of his best.    To each his own, I guess.<br />I wasn't really into the &quot;Human  Touch&quot;/&quot;Lucky Town&quot; duet, but a few songs surfaced that I  found quite nice: &quot;My Beautiful Reward&quot;, &quot;If I Should Fall  Behind&quot; and &quot;Pony Boy&quot; is ... cute.  I heard a live,  acoustic version of &quot;Real World&quot; before it was released, with  Bruce alone on piano.  It was VERY powerful!  The version that was released  was too polished.<br />I know.. I'm here to review &quot;The Ghost of Tom  Joad&quot; and I've spent the last 14yrs of my life babbling on about EVERY  Springsteen record.  I guess I did that only to show why I think this  record stands with his best work.  It's, what .. January of 2000 and I'm  just NOW listening to this record?  That's because ALL I heard was how  depressing it was and how Bruce sang in a monotone voice - that every song  was the same.  I didn't want that.  I liked the serious Bruce, yes - but  melody is important to me. The reviews made it sound like this album was  him just reading the yellow pages.  Ohhh, it's not. Listen to the keyboard  provide the right atmospheric touch.  Listen to the guitar and how poignant  it sounds.  This is SUCH a beautiful collection of songs! Even if you're  not into the plight of the migrant worker or the guy at &quot;the rendering  plant&quot;, Springsteen paints pictures - better than most.  He's a true  artist, but his brush is his way with words. He makes us FEEL these songs.    Like &quot;Nebraska&quot;, it is an album that has been haunting me.  I  doubt I'll listen to it much (too depressing), but he has a gift that few  musicians carry - the ability to get inside your soul and touch  you.<br />These may not be songs to dance to or scream out at the local bar,  but they're infused with great beauty - especially &quot;Balboa Park&quot;,  &quot;Straight Time&quot;, &quot;Dry Lightning&quot; and &quot;Highway  29&quot;. Bruce, if you're reading this, stay clear of the top 40 and  indulge your Muse; you have quite the gift. <br />Note: I'd like to go on the  record as saying that my favorite &quot;unreleased&quot; Bruce songs are:  &quot;The Promise&quot; (the original version), &quot;If I Was the  Priest&quot; and &quot;The Preacher's Daughter&quot;.
0953104907|5.0|This book represents a well-thought out, very complete guide for anyone wishing to build their own guitar. Several introductory chapters guide you through the steps of designing your own instrument and address specific  possible problem areas such as frets, truss rods, neck angle &amp; bridge  height, saftey, proper tools, laying out hardware positions, etc.<br />The  next three chapters give step-by-step construction notes for three specific  guitars. (A carved-top set neck model, a flame-maple topped tele, and an  8-string bass featuring some exotic woods) These three guitars were well  choosen for this book: between the three of them you get just about any  characteristic you'd want on an instrument.<br />Final chapters deal with  finish, set-up, and asembling a guitar from components. Although the author  is British, Americans shouldn't have any trouble - measurments are given in  inches and metric, and the author has taken care to explain most British  slang terms in USA-friendly terms. The writing itself is very well done,  easily understood, and has enough humor to lighten the mood without  spoiling it.<br />Out of several similar books I've seen/read, I would vote  this one as best written and most complete.
B00000HYXB|4.0|I purchased this as my first BG exposure based upon the reviews here, and I would have to say that I am pleased with their performance.<br />I may be partial to concept discs since there are so few and it takes quite a bit of  skill to pull one off well (eg, Operation: Mindcrime). I am puzzled by the  previous review who didn't think they did a good job or that it wasn't  melodic, but everyone has an opinion. Perhaps it is because I don't have  their previous discs to compare to or that I haven't read The Silmarillion  (my knowledge of Tolkien is limited to the Lord of the Rings  Trilogy).<br />The lyrics were complex as I would expect from Tolkien, but I  could follow the basic story when I thought about it. BG's arrangements  were suitably complex, each having a taste of medieval times but none  sounding like the other. I felt the main songs flowed together well,  regardless of the short interludes of narration, sounds, or song between  them all.<br />My only real complaint of the disc, which kept it from getting  5 stars for me, was I found Hansi's vocals to be rather irritating at  times, usually when he was in higher pitches or what sounded like yelling  out the lyrics rather than singing them. His voice had a hard edge and  harshness that I didn't care for. There were some instances where this  seemed appropriate, but they were few and far between. His lower range and  when he was truly singing didn't seem to bother me.<br />I think I will buy  the Imaginations disc sometime to see how they sounded a couple years back  and will certainly look for their next offering.
B00000JZC4|3.0|There are about three or four great songs on this album. Unfortunately, that's it: the others are &quot;dogs&quot;. Sadly, you will soon tire of the winning 3-4 and then be bummed out. It still rocks hard, though.
B000002BPS|5.0|THIS CD KIX! MOST PEOPLE SAY SMASH IS THE BEST OFFSPRING CD, BUT I DISAGREE! THIS ONE IS FAR SUPERIOR!IT ALSO CONTAINS THE BEST SONG EVER WRITTEN, GONE AWAY!( BET YA DIDNT KNOW IT WAS WRITTEN FOR DEX'S DEAD  SISTER!) SO WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? BUY IT NOW!  AGGRESSIVE PUNK ROCK AT  ITS BEST!
6303168507|5.0|I don't understand how anyone in their right minds can give this movie anything less than five stars.  It makes me wonder if we saw the same film.  It was the most powerful movie I have ever seen.  When the credits were  rolling, I was so stunned I couldn't move.  First of all, this movie  couldn't be filmed in anything but black and white!  It would've been too  much to be seen in color. Besides most of what we really have seen about  the Holocaust is in b&amp;w.  The opening scene introducing Schindler to  the audience was brilliant.  The direction and photography were stunning  and to those that say different are definitely in the minority.  Of course  you're entitled to your opinion but when I read the ones with one star it  told me one thing and one thing only.  You know nothing about film and  filmaking.
B0000026CN|5.0|Carlos outdoes himself on this one. His guitar playing is bone chilling. Now That You Know,Bella, Blues for Salvador, and Trane really display Carlos Santana genius as a guitarist. Most of this cd is instrumental rock,featuring Santana's vintage guitar solos as only he can do them.This cd won a the grammy award for best instrumental rock album of 1987. I own numerous Santana CD's and  this one is one of my favorites.
B00000255F|5.0|This is the Bruce Man at his best.  Like a Greatest Hits Album only better.  Bruce really brings you into his world with interesting stories about the Bad Scooter, The Barefoot Rat and the Beautiful Girl, Wendy,  Mary, and all these other great true to life characters. The energy that  this recording has is just phenomenal.  The keyboards by Professor Roy  Bittan are just soooo moving.  Clarence is super fine as well.  And Bruce's  vocals really grab at one's heart strings.  This is music straight from the  heart and soul.
0452270073|5.0|Having read the entire trilogy fairly recently, I find it hard to distinguish between the first book alone and the complete work. However, Regeneration itself does stick out by being the most well-researched and  well-informed of the three. I presume that many people have heard about  Sassoon's 1917 public objection to the way the war was being waged, which  caused him to be put under the supervision of Dr. Rivers - but I had not  before reading this novel.<br />The incident was so fascinating that I have  since read further about Sassoon, Rivers and the war experience for those  who suffered from neurasthenia - all of which reading has confirmed what I  initially suspected, that Barker's novel, as well as being exceptionally  well-written, insightful and moving, is also extremely true to events and  situations. For the benefit of the &quot;novel&quot;-reading world, a  fictional &quot;hero&quot; is added, whose life continues in tandem with  Wilfred Owen's into the next two books; yet even he, Billy Prior, is more a  composition deriving from real soldiers' experiences than the  imagination.<br />Not to say that Barker does not apply her creativity to the  full - in her descriptive style, and in stringing together of the various  lives she is describing. She has insight into character which is both  moving and important - it reminds us that beyond the cliches of tragedy lay  a very human, normal and mostly dull war, whose effects were nevertheless  all-encompassing and disruptive.
068816689X|5.0|I could not really believe the dust jacket when I read it.  But, then, I read the book.  I could not put it down. Good narrative style, and such an interesting story.
B000003Z12|5.0|This is one of the best CD's I've ever heard. The cd is all instrumental with a mixture of rock songs and smooth jazz guitar oriented songs. Some of the tracks do have a new age sound to them as well. Send Me an Angel and Boulevard of Dreams really blow me away. Neal's guitar playing is chilling and superb. Schon's solo albums show how much talent he has and wide range of music he can play.I love every song on this album.
0780622650|1.0|It adds up like this: special effects plus art direction minus a plot equals ZERO.  What a mess of a movie!  It's all &quot;eye candy&quot; -- it looks great but there's no real substance.  The script is a collection of  uninteresting, unclever homages to better movies and TV shows  (&quot;E.T.&quot;, &quot;Rocky Horror Picture Show&quot;,  &quot;Alien&quot;, &quot;The Waltons&quot;, etc.) mixed in with boring and  predictable dialogue.  There aren't even any characters worth rooting for:  the Robinsons have been turned into a 1990's dysfunctional family, each of  whom is obnoxious.  Major West has become a sexist clod; Dr. Smith has lost  his campy edge; even the robot is a bore.  The ending credits can't come  too soon, and unfortunately they're ruined by a loud and ugly theme  song.<br />Admittedly, the DVD edition offers a beautiful transfer and has  some neat extras.  The theatrical trailer is a lot better than the movie  itself, and  the interviews with cast members from the 1960's TV series  bring back warm and nostalgic memories, as well as a reminder of what the  big screen version could and should have been ... but isn't.
0684867621|3.0|When I first picked up this book I thought that it was about a little girl who gets attacked or murdered.  &quot;WRONG&quot;  This book is pretty mild, its all about a little girl who gets lost in the forest and it talks about all the things she has to go through to survive.  The book was still  interesting even though it was basic.  It is not really adult reading but  its great for the younger audience.  I don't think it should have come out  in hardcover its more of a paperback novel.
B00000J2KT|5.0|I thought this movie was excelent and I recommend it to the more mature audience. It's the hard core thruth of war, and to some a bit to gruesom. It was very well done. I would compare this movie to Platoon.
B0000025H0|5.0|This my favorite Santana album. It is much more standard rock without as much percussion as some of the others. Every song is excellent and Carlos really plays a smoking guitar on this one. Aqua Marine is really a  masterpiece. Summer Lady and Stay are beautiful lite rock tunes. All I Ever  Wanted really kicks. Alan Pasqua plays excellent keyboards throughout the  album. Alex Litgerwood's vocals are tremendous.
B0000033WC|3.0|Those who complain about this record being less experimental and cutting edge the Velvets first three are correct but they are missing the point somewhat, one of the greatest things about the Velvets is that all of their  albums are so different, they could have been recorded by four different  bands, four brilliant bands! True, \\"Loaded\\" might not be as flat out  stunning as the first three albums, but, if it had been recorded by anyone  else, it would rightly be considered a classic pop/rock album, recorded at  a time when very few people were making classic pop/rock albums. For a  start, there are three of Lou Reed's greatest songs: \\"Sweet Jane\\", \\"Rock  `n' Roll\\" and \\"New Age\\", there are at least two others that come close:  \\"Head Held High\\" and \\"Oh Sweet Nuthin''\\", and even the weaker tracks on the  album are no disgrace, they don't sound much like the Velvets, but what  would you rather have listened to in 1970, this or \\"Tarkus\\" or \\"Atom Heart  Mother\\"? As for the demon Doug Yule, well his vocals on &quot;New Age&quot;  are exquisite and that's good enough for me.<br />Now we come to the expanded  edition of the album and here, I have to admit, I have my reservations. It  seems that CD compiler/ archivists are developing worrying delusions of  grandeur, so much so that they can invent whole tracks that never  physically existed (see the Beatles Anthology) and, here, invent  \\"alternative\\" versions of albums where none existed. So here they  bring us  alternate mixes that either aren't alternate enough or aren't good enough  and early versions that are too early to be anything other than preliminary  sketches. Who really wants to hear a dreary run through of \\"Sweet Jane\\"  with Velvets' manager Steve Sesnick so irritatingly out of time on cowbell  that it makes it almost impossible to listen to the rest of the  track.<br />The real attraction here for me was hearing the original versions  of those songs that Lou Reed had always claimed to be have been sabotaged  byDoug Yule and Steve Sesnick after the fact. So, the \\"heavenly wine and  roses\\" section of \\"Sweet Jane\\" has been restored, but not very  convincingly, with what sounds like a guide vocal by Reed roughly spliced  in. This leads me to believe that this section of the track was removed  rather earlier than Reed has claimed - mind you the fact that, in the eight  million or so times Lou's played \\"Sweet Jane\\" since, he's never played the  extended version could just mean that Lou agreed with Yule and Sesnick's  decision (if they were indeed responsible). As for \\"New Age\\", well a few  extra bars and a slightly longer coda - big deal Lou. <br />Historically, the  most interesting bonus tracks are the five tracks that close CD2, not great  sound quality or particularly well played but fascinating, how often is it  you get the chance to hear The Velvet Underground play \\"Satellite of Love\\"?  The two versions of \\"Ocean\\" (how many's that now released?) aren't as good  as the one on \\"VU\\" despite Cale's (alleged) presence. Ditto \\"I'm Sticking  With You\\". I love the keyboard-based version of \\"Ride Into the Sun\\"  and  Lou giggling his way through an early version of \\"I Love You\\". All in all,  one for Velvets fanatics really (good accompanying booklet with some great  Lou \\"big hair\\" photos), others should save themselves some cash and buy the  original album.
B00000IP2L|5.0|This album has riffage worthy of the highest praise. If someone could become a saint for rocking guitar Zakk would be it.  Every song has great guitar and great lyrics.  Nobody rocks as hard as Black Label society.
0440219078|4.0|this book has got to be in my top 10 favorites. it is so realistic and moving...i have read it over and over and it never fails to please me. i think this book is a must read for all kids. a definate book for people who love to read.
078401213X|5.0|A Wonderful movie which illustrates that which usually occurs . This movie shows how science can and does prove what mysticism, in this case Kabbalah has said for 2000 years. although this is a fictional account of this   phenomenon, there are many cases where this has happened. There is much  wonderful Kabbalistic symbolism in this movie and it is cleverly done
B000002OX7|5.0|The Who peaked with &quot;Who's Next.&quot; Some terrific songwriting, great vocals, and Moons' manic drumming make this recording the gem of the Who's career.<br />It's a shame when groups hit their apex and never again  return to the level of excellence that they established. It happened to  Paul McCartney, Pete Townshend, Jagger and Richards, and many others from  that genre.
B00000JCB2|2.0|I honestly can't figure out, what's all the hype behind LB about. For example, let's take the megahit &quot;Nookie&quot;. It could actually been written by any wanna-be-crossover-king-type of &quot;musician&quot;. So  Fred, PLEEEEase go home and grow up.
B000002JSJ|3.0|The drumming makes this record, though I don't agree that Bonham was the best drummer of all time. He played very hard and loud, that's all. Very little technique. He wouldn't hold a candle to Neal Peart of Rush.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Recently I have discovered foreign films. I used to avoid them due to the subtitles, but thanks to Roberto I have been excited to continue. This film is better than most of the films that went up with it for Best Picture. For  those of you who do not enjoy subtitles, Hollywood Video has a dubbed  version that makes it avaible for everyone. Enjoy!
B000002P2V|1.0|&quot;Never spend your guitar and your pen.&quot;<br />Thanks for the tip, Pete.
6305657947|5.0|Steamy, sexy, erotic, intriguing - Thomas Crown Affair is one of the best movies available! Forget James Bond, Pierce Brosnan shines as the ultra-rich jewel thief who loses his heart (or does he - you have to wait  until the end) to the tantalizing art-bounty-hunter, Renee Russo. Wow, talk  about HOT - the love scenes (on the steps!) are quite erotic and the entire  plot weaves mysterious web of cat-and-mouse. This is a wonderful film that  shouldn't be missed!
630179513X|4.0|This video is a great ending to the Back to the Future Series.  When will the Back to the Future Trilogy DVD come out?  I can't wait!
B00000IQW0|4.0|Don't let the widescreen format of the DVD version fool you into thinking you're going to get a bigger picture. The movie was a combination of episodes 1 and 5 of the series and MADE FOR TV. To make the DVD widescreen,  they cut off the top and bottom of the screen so you lose part of the  picture. I've got this movie in both the VHS and DVD formats, and to be  honest I was expecting a lot more from the DVD. What little extras you get  with the DVD just don't make it worth buying. Also, I didn't notice any  real difference in the audio or video when comparing the two. So, if you're  thinking of buying this movie, buy the VHS.
6303212263|5.0|Nobody can portray The Man of Steel better than Christopher Reeve can.  He has the ideal looks for the part, although the producers could have found a better actress to play Lois Lane.  Teri Hatcher could do better than Margot  Kidder. I can't wait for all four of the Superman Series to be out on  DVD!
B000002J29|5.0|I started listening to Genesis with their &quot;Genesis&quot; album in the 80's (still a favorite), but stopped listening to them as their music became more pop.  I had tried listening to Lamb, but it was a little weird  for me so I didn't listen to any of their other old stuff.  I wish I had,  and I would have if I had started with this album.  For anyone just  &quot;discovering&quot; the old Genesis now and building their collection,  start with their 3 early live albums (SO, 3 Sides Live, and Genesis Live -  they really do great live albums) and then you'll be able to figure out  what you want to explore from there.  I also learned a great deal by  reading the Amazon reviews for their earlier albums (kudos everyone!)
389508459X|3.0|Like all devoted lovers of Jane Austen, I have long pondered why she chose to write this, of all books, at time she was experiencing the intoxicating success of Pride and Prejudice.<br />The protagonist is a loathesome little  priss. Austen herself says so in her letters. Fanny Price is neurotic and  oversensitive where Austen's other heroines are brash and healthy. Even  Austen's own family found the ending as odd and disappointing as do  subsequent generations of readers.<br />So there's a puzzle to be solved here.  The answer may lie in the fact that this book was written when, after a  lifetime of obscurity, Austen found herself, briefly, a huge success. As is  so often the case with writers, the success of her earlier book may have  given her the courage to decided write about something that REALLY mattered  to her--and what that was was her own very complex feelings about the  intensely sexual appeal of a morally unworthy person.<br />This topic, the  charm of the scoundrel, is one that flirts through all her other books,  usually in a side plot.  However, the constraints of Austen's day made it  impossible for her to write the story of a woman who falls for a scoundrel  with a sympathetic viewpoint character.<br />So what I think Austen may have  decided to do was to write this story using Edmund--a male--as the  sympathetic character who experiences the devastating sexual love of  someone unworthy. Then, through a strange slight of hand, she gives us a  decoy protagonist--Fanny Price, who if she is anything, is really the  judgemental, punishing Joy Defeating inner voice--the inner voice that  probably kept Jane from indulging her own very obvious interest in  scoundrels in real life!<br />In defense of this theory, consider these  points:<br />1.  Jane herself loved family theatricals. Fanny's horror of them  and of the flirting that took place is the sort of thing she made fun of in  others. Jane also loved her cousin, Eliza, a married woman of the  scoundrelly type, who flirted outrageously with Jane's brother Henry when  Jane was young--very much like Mary Crawford. The fact is, and this bleeds  through the book continuously, Austen doesn't at all  like Fanny Price!<br />To make it more complex, Fanny's relationship with Henry Crawford is an  echo of the Edmund-Mary theme, but Austen makes Henry so appealing that few  readers have forgiven Austen for not letting Fanny liven up a little and  marry him! No. Austen is trying to make a case for resisting temptation,  but in this book she most egregiously fails.<br />2. Austen is famous for  never showing us a scene or dialogue which she hadn't personally observed  in real life, hence the off-stage proposals in her other books.<br />Does  this not make it all the more curious that the final scene between Edmund  and Mary Crawford in which he suffers his final disillusionment and  realizes the depths of her moral decay comes to us with some very  convincing dialogue?  Is it possible that Jane lived out just such a scene  herself? That she too was forced by her inner knowlege of what was right to  turn away from a sexually appealing scoundrel of her own?<br />3. Fanny gets  Edmund in the end, but it is a joyless ending for most readers because it  is so clear that he is in love with Mary. Can it be that Austen here was  suggesting the grim fate that awaits those who do turn away from  temptations--a lifetime of listening to that dull, upstanding, morally  correct but oh so joyless voice of reason?<br />We'll never know.  Cassandra  Austen burnt several years' worth of her sister's letters--letters written  in the years before she prematurely donned her spinster's cap and gave up  all thoughts of finding love herself.  Her secrets whatever they were, were  kept within the family.<br />But one has to wonder about what was really going  on inside the curious teenaged girl who loved Samual Richardson's rape saga  and wrote the sexually explicit oddity that comes to us as LadySusan.  Perhaps in Mansfield Park we get a dim echo of the trauma that turned the  joyous outrageous rebel who penned Pride and Prejudice in her late teens  into the staid, sad woman when she was dying wrote Persuasion--a novel  about a recaptured young love.<br />So with that in mind, why not go and have  another look at Mansfield Park!
B000023VTQ|1.0|I have read the glowing customer reviews of this movie, and I find myself wondering, &quot;Did I see the same film as these reviewers?&quot;  I found Notting Hill to be painfully boring.  There was no chemistry between Julia  Roberts and Hugh Grant, and the plot moved excruciatingly slowly through  most of the film.  I thought the movie was a discredit to both its stars.   Skip it.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Siamese dream is easily the best alternative album ever. In my opinion the best song of the whole album is Quiet, very emotive. Beautiful and strong lyrics at the same time make of this album not only the best alternative  but the best rock album ever. If you're one of the new sp fans don't  hesitate on buying it, you won't regret.
0440224764|5.0|Why people continue to associate a happy ending (guy gets girl AND money) with a `good ending' remains a mystery to me.  Patrick getting his freedom and learning a good lesson, never trust a smart and beautiful Brazilian  woman again, seems a good enough ending.  The book reminded me of `The  Runaway Jury' where the main characters rely on a lot of luck and for  things to go according to their great plans before they can get away with a  lot of money, but so what if Patrick doesn't.  Good on you, Grisham.  I was  thoroughly entertained and that's all I ask from a fiction.  I'd recommend  it to anyone, anytime.
B00000JJQK|5.0|This is one  of those albums that doesn't have a bad song on it. Once you put it on, you never have to stop it, all the way from Wouldn't It Be Nice to Caroline,No. Even the instrumentals are good. It really is a masterpiece  from the 60's. It is still one of Paul McCartney's favorites. This is one  you HAVE to have!
0385493800|5.0|The Testament is a great book, one you can't put down to long. You always have to find out what is going on next.
B0000060NA|5.0|I am not exaggerating when I say this in my title.  It is truly one of the best albums in any genre.  This album covers all musical ground.  Whatever possessed Stevie to create a musical tapestry such as this one must have spent double time with him, cos this album is really set apart from the  rest.  <br />Such songs are of course familiar, like Sir Duke, I Wish, Pastime  Paradise, Isn't She Lovely, Knocks me Off My Feet, and even As.  But some  of the more interesting songs were songs that brought on certain changes in  his style, without compromising his playing or writing style.  He has  successfully combined pop, R&amp;B, gospel, classical, jazz, rock, and funk  with the ease that only geniuses possess, and wayward wannabes would die  for.<br />The Artist once said it on an award show...&quot;Songs In The Key of  Life&quot; is an album that most musicians want to make, or wished that  they had made.&quot;.  I know that's the truth.  Look for the remastered version ... better sound, graphics, and all that.  I can't wait.
6305095442|5.0|A great bit sillier than its predecessor, ED2 nevertheless comes on strong.  While it may be the weakest in the trilogy, it's not a weak film by far.
B00000JCOV|5.0|All I'm gonna' say is that Slipknot kicks as
B000002AQQ|3.0|This is essentially a 2-for-1 review.<br />Review No. 1 (Five Stars):  &quot;Forrest Gump&quot; is a wonderful movie and this soundtrack will help you relive your favorite scenes.  Not only that, it contains some of the  best songs from the best artists of the era.  &quot;Hound Dog&quot; is  Elvis' signature song.  &quot;Fortunate Son&quot; is the angriest song John  Fogerty wrote for CCR and stands as a testament to the unfairness of the  military draft.  &quot;Respect&quot; is one of the Queen of Soul's finest  moments.  The wonderful harmonies of &quot;California Dreamin'&quot; make  it a classic. The street anthem &quot;For What It's Worth&quot; still gives  the listener chills more than thirty years later.  [And these are all on  disc-1!]<br />The tracks on disc-2 don't stand up to the first disc.  (But how  could they?)  Other than the Byrds (&quot;Turn! Turn! Turn!&quot;) and  Lynyrd Skynyrd (&quot;Sweet Home Alabama&quot;), this is mostly lightweight  stuff.  Sure, a lot of these were big hits--the Fifth Dimension, Three Dog  Night and B.J. Thomas songs all went to No. 1--but these artists weren't  exactly breaking new ground.<br />Like I said, this is a great souvenir and  if you loved the movie this soundtrack will provide hours of listening  enjoyment.<br />Review No. 2 (Two Stars):  You know there's going to be  problems when you try to cover 25 years of music (1956-1980) with only 32  songs--and one of those songs is &quot;Forrest Gump Suite.&quot;  There are  two songs from the 50s and 80s, six from the 70s and twenty-one from the  60s.  Even by limiting the song selection to only American artists there  are glaring omissions.  Missing are Stevie Wonder, Ray Charles Ricky  Nelson, Marvin Gaye, Chicago. Instead, we get lightweight pop from B.J  Thomas, Scott McKenzie and post-Diana Ross Supremes.<br />Many of these songs  have already been anthologized to death on countless other compilations.  If all you're really looking for is a random sampling of oldies, why not  simply tune in to your favorite classic rock station?  This collection  might make sense if your CD collection has fewer than a dozen or two titles  in it, but if you're serious about this music and are looking to add to  your collection you should at the very least be looking at buying some  &quot;best of&quot; collections by these artists and pass on this  hodge-podge collection.oldies, why not  simply tune in to your favorite classic rock station?  This collection  might make sense if your CD collection has fewer than a dozen or two titles  in it, but if you're serious about this music and are looking to add to  your collection you should at the very least be looking at buying some  &quot;best of&quot; collections by these artists and pass on this  hodge-podge collection.
6302824613|5.0|This film is not meant to be a serious Bond-film,so do not compare it with the official ones.The plot is a mess.It is filled with gigantig holes that you could drive an Aston Martin through.Niven should have played an  official Bond,he is terrific,as is Peter Sellers and Ursula Andress.Best of  all is probably Orson Welles as villainous Le Chiffre.His card-battle with  Tremble is one real high-point in Bond-history,most because of it`s  style.Le Chiffre is sadly killed off all to early.Woody Allen is also  great,although he personally loathes the film.The film has eight  writers(only three credited)and five directors,so it is all very unlogic  but,heck,really funny.One of the worst films ever made,still somehow a  masterpiece!
0393307050|5.0|I stumbled upon O' Brian's books, read six of them and to the demise of my social skills am currently living at the beginning of the 19th Century with no return to modern life in sight. Thanks Patrick for your inspired creations.
B000005J56|5.0|I have this CD and if CD's could be played thin this one would be.<br />Last week I went to the movie of The Buena Vista Social Club and if anybody there likes this CD I can say this: GO TO THE MOVIE TOO!
B000002J20|1.0|This album is naff, it's a real stinker from beginning to end. It's self indulgent, pompous and boring. 4 Overlong tracks of symphonic sludge. Gone is Bill Bruford's crisp but enigmatic drum technique. Gone is Chris Squire  crunchy bass riffs. In comes synthesisers galore, temples bells ,  stampeding elephants, you name it everything was thrown on this album. The  album was a huge disappointment as the 3 previous studio recordings had the  best Yes line up. <br />So why am I commenting on it?.<br />The album is a bench  mark. It has become a point of reference of where rock music went wrong. It  was a major that ignited the New Wave.<br />Considering all the rubbish that  is around now, we need something as horrible as this to trigger off  something completely different! .
0679746048|2.0|I had much anticipated reading this book and when I finally got to, I found it was basically boring and slow. It seemed to lack a true plot and it was just like mindless babbling about nothing.
B000002BBY|4.0|I bought this for ten bucks at the local market and couldn't believe my luck that I'd gotten quite a mini-masterpiece for a bargain. I began to wonder why I hadn't paid the full price for this when it first came out! The album is quite lean (only eight actual songs), but Oasis make each song  count. Some of them are way too long, but on the whole very listenable.  'She's Electric' caught my attention, but the popular singles (Wonderwall,  Don't Look Back In Anger) are the best.
B000002NJS|5.0|She's back with her best album. Don't mind about some fool critics. That's only envy. The album is great, totally different, even working with so many people you can feel that the work still has something from her. Frozen,  Power of goodbye, Skin and the title song are my favorites.
B000000OTY|5.0|Das ist das beste LIVE Album den ich je gehrt habe! Musikauswahl, Atmospher -alles,alles stimmt!  LOB! LOB! LOB!
B00002E23H|4.0|If you enjoy watching typical action-movie characters getting systematically chomped on by some cool and not-so-cool special-effect sharks, then you'll like this flick. The sharks are smart, the underwater  lab complex is fun, the action is quickly paced, the hero is a beefalicious  hunk of boybabe, and the plot and characterization are too over-the-top  crazy to take seriously -- and that's why this flick is a fun ride!<br />Some  reviewers here have blasted this movie for its unbelievableness. They miss  the point. This is not a National Geographic documentary on shark behavior  and the effects of humanity's actions on shark habitat. It's escapist  action with bloody thrills. Enjoy it for what it was meant to be.
B000000OTY|5.0|Das ist das beste LIVE Album den ich je gehrt habe! Musikauswahl, Atmospher -alles,alles stimmt!  LOB! LOB! LOB!
B00000JPH6|5.0|I first saw the Dark Crystal when I was 8 years old, and it instantly became my favorite movie. The richness and depth of the characters and  world they live in continues to blow me away. It's enduring story of the  struggle of good vs evil and innocence and heroics continues to delight and  amaze me, keeping this movie as one of my favorites as an adult. I soooo  visual aspects are high quality and being able to see it in widescreen, is  incredible. This DVD is loaded with extra stuff, and I love watching the  making of and missing scenes.<br />Wonderful movie that I highly recommend!
B000002N2Z|5.0|When you own an album such as this one, and you play it over and over and over again, and it never seems as if you can play it out, you've got a classic on your hands.  The Deftones are the best band out there in their  category.  They arent sellouts, they are true to their fans, and they make  great music without following trends.  Buy this album if you are sick of  everything else and you want to hear something pure and distinctive.
B000002ADT|5.0|This is unquestionably the finest jazz recording I know of. Its emotion, passion, and skill runs deep. I find new and delightful intricacies each time I listen to it. And I find I can listen to it over and over without  tiring. I only wish I could find more recordings just like this one.
6305358613|5.0|I am not exactly a fan of royalty, but I liked and have great praise for this film.  I even had the feeling that, perhaps, The Academy of Arts and Sciences should have preferred it over  \\"Shakespeare in Love\\" for their  Best Picture Oscar Award, or/and, not just nominate, but elect Cate  Blanchett as Best Actress Ex Equo with Gwyneth Paltrow !<br />After all, both  films are made in the (US/UK) English continuum, they walk us back in time  to the same Golden Age of Queen Elizabeth I, they even share performers:  Geoffrey Rush and Joseph Fiennes.  Admittedly, \\"love conquers all\\" - we all  empathize with lovers and a love story - but I believe it is Cate Blanchett  the one who has a much greater burden: \\"becoming\\" the Queen of England  !<br />Blanchett is convincing as the young 25 years old Elizabeth, daughter  of Henry 8th, who, \\"on-the-job\\", and upon advise and help from trusted  friends develops the maturity, experience, and sophistication absolutely  necessary to play the role she was meant for:  the greatest woman monarch  of all times.  Geoffrey Rush, playing Sir Francis Walsingham is equally  convincing as her mentor, shrewd diplomat, and effective \\"secret service\\"  agent.  The conflict with the Church subordinated to the Vatican, the  complicated and never predictable \\"political dance\\" with neighboring  \\"superpowers\\" of the time, Spain and France, the more predictable conflict  with men, such as The Duke of Norfolk, the costumes, the music, dances, the  decoration - all are exquisitely laid out in front of us ! Blanchett brings  to life, Elizabeth, a  woman who has her own passions and more or less  secret lovers (Robert Dudley Earl of Leicester, played by Fiennes - better  performance opposite Gwyneth Paltrow), but, when she says \\"I am queen now  !\\" she realizes she can never surrender (authority, control) to anyone, and  has but one spouse:  England !<br />Enjoy a great film !
B000000XH4|3.0|Bill Evans is brilliant as usual. But LeFaro's bass more often competes with Evans than complements him. Very often they seemed to be playing two different works at once, resulting in a clumsy and tiresome mess. If you  appreciate an improvisational feel, then you may care for this, but it too  often feels more like &quot;random jazz&quot; than anything else. I far  prefer the well orchestrated &quot;Everybody Digs Bill Evans.&quot;
B000002J1F|5.0|This CD is one of my favorite
B00001OH1S|5.0|The soundtrack to this movie is just perfect.  I not only went to see the movie for the second time not just because it was good, but also because of the soundtrack.  It's catchy, it lingers, it enhances the movie.
0312853238|5.0|Definitely in the top five books I've read. I won't give it away, of course, but the last few pages are the best.
0790736926|5.0|As &quot;The Searchers&quot; approaches the half-century mark, this 1956 film may fail to conect with modern viewers.  Indeed, the old fashioned acting  styles are jarring and the film's racial themes seem like old  business.  <br />Nonetheless, when seen in the context of its time and to  other films around it, it stands tall.<br />As much as any Ford film,  &quot;The Searchers&quot; is a story about a family reunited, a theme to  which Ford returned time and again.  But in no other Ford film is that  theme played out at such a tremendous emotional and spiritual cost.<br />The  implication that Debbie is Ethan's daughter and not his niece comes from  Ford and not Alan LeMay's original story.  By giving us a date--1868--in  the opening fade, then belaboring the exposition of Debbie's age, Ethan's  long absence, the barely suppressed tenderness Ethan displays toward Martha  and his guilty uneasiness with his brother, it is not hard to do the math.   Debbie is Ethan's daughter.<br />As the theme of family plays out, there is  repeated discussion about what constitutes blood kin, especially regarding  Marty, who was once &quot;saved&quot; by Ethan, just as Ethan will  &quot;save&quot; Debbie.  Ethan discounts Marty's entire existence because  Marty is one-eighth Cherokee.  <br />Conversely, Ethan endures an epic search  for Debbie because she is not only kin and perhaps his last remaining  relative, but in fact his daughter.  The thought both motivates and crazes  Ethan.  <br />Whether Ford decided to hide this dramatic construct because  1950's morality would have disapproved the overt depiction of an  illegitimate child (especially in a horse opera!) or because the idea  simply served to motivate Ford through the movie is unimportant.<br />What is  as important to this film as the scenery in Monument Valley or the chaotic  corniness of a pre-massacre breakfast at the Edwards place or a rough and  tumble wedding sequence is that Ford could submerge information and still  make it resonate through every frame of the film.<br />Perhaps the agonized  Ethan Edwards speaks for Ford when he says, &quot;What do you want me to  do?  Draw you a picture?&quot;  Ford is as important for what he doesn't  show us as for what he does.
B0000029GA|5.0|I was so happy when this album came out, 4 real.  There was like stagnant albums being pushed left and right in the early '90s.  And this album has rhymes that demonstrate the best rap has to offer.  If you cannot  appreciate this, then do not call yourself a fan of hip hop simple and  plain.  This sh** is so good it practically put a man in tears hearing it  when it first was out.  Should be an &quot;Amazon.com essential  recording.&quot;
044022425X|3.0|After reading the other installments, I had hoped this one would regain the luch vision the first 2 books had.  There were points in this book that I found wonderful, and even brought me to tears.  Yet, I found the second  half of the book hurried.  As if the author was attempting to hurry up and  finish the story.  As if she were attempting to tie it up in a pretty bow  and put it on display.
B000002UAX|5.0|This would be the first Album I would buy if I was starting my Beatles Collection. Everything is in here,from Ballads,to hard rock,to the weird stuff,like,&quot;Revolution9.&quot; This Album is almost like 4 solo  records.They said this record broke up the Beatles. I got this album after  I read &quot;Helter Skelter,&quot; about Charles Manson,and the murder of  Sharon Tate. Alot of the songs were mentioned in the book,like  &quot;Piggies,&quot; &quot;Blackbird,&quot; and of course,&quot;Helter  Skelter.&quot; I love almost every song on this CD. From the hard  rock,like,&quot;Everybody's Got Something to Hide Except Me and my  Monkey,&quot; &quot;Birthday,&quot; Helter Skelter,&quot; to the soft  rock,like,&quot;Dear Prudence,&quot; about Mia Farrows Sister,when the  Beatles were in India,and the funny,&quot;The Continuing Story Of Bungalow  Bill,&quot; with Yoko singing back ground,and the Classic,&quot;While my  Guitar Gently Weeps,&quot; and Eric Clapton playing the Guitar. On  &quot;Revolution9,&quot; when the voice comes in and  says,&quot;Number9,Number9.&quot; Play this backwards on your turn  table,and it says,&quot;Turn me on Dead man,Turn me on Dead man.&quot; I've  done this at a party,and scared the hell out of one of the girls there.  After playing the two records,at the end you get Ringo's  fantastic,&quot;Good Night.&quot; Its like saying,thank you for coming to  our two hour party,I hope you enjoyed yourself,and come back again. I know  I have.Over and Over again.
0385302320|2.0|After reading the first 2 books in the series, I was overjoyed to sit down and delve back into the lives of Jamie and Claire.  How disappointed I was as I got further and further into the book.  I didnt like the changes that  were made to the characters, and at points, I actually was disgusted with  them.  This book pales greatly in comparision to the others.
B00000J7J4|3.0|We just listened to the Amazon clips. Some of the songs were typical Santana, others weren't. We decided NOT to buy the CD.
B00003XB8K|5.0|WOW. he surfaced with a new album after keeping us all waiting with bated breath, Worth the wait? Yes. The music transports you to a place where you can let your mind be open, to drink in the sounds of people who lead gentle  and happy lives in some wonderful mountain range, or people who walk the  desert lands, or Monks in a monastery someplace in Nepal.Whatever you get  from this music it is an aphrodisiac for the soul. great stuff.
B0000024RZ|5.0|This album has good lyrics and an honest voice from which the lyrics come from. the tunes are all good. this album is arguably the best Dylan.
B000002U82|5.0|I did a search for Pink Floyd and could not believe that Dark Side had only 4 1/2 stars. Anyone who would give it any less than five stars, hasn't LISTENED to it. I had to do my duty to raise the rating to a five.
B000003TAR|3.0|ok i admit it. Nirvana is not a talented band and yes they DID rip off Soundgarden. Their music is also very trendy. however, this album has more texture than the boring 4/4 time scale nevermind. this album also has a  harder edge and less teenie friendly lyrics. &quot;dumb&quot; and  &quot;heart shaped box&quot; are the best. Radio friendly is also a good  song. &quot;milk it&quot; is a whiny but hard hitting song. &quot;Very  ape&quot; is very..well... very ape. &quot;tourette's&quot; is the fastest  song and shows the band's appreciation for punk rock. buy it if you want  the best nirvana.
B00000JCOV|4.0|This is a great CD for a person that knows about the everyday Hard rock band. Eventhough this is an original clown band.  That is a killer CD.  Go buy it now.  Very good for everybody in attendence or schouold i say the millions and millions in attendence chillen at Amazon.com
B000001FI7|5.0|In an age where music comes and goes so quickly its rare to find an album that stands the test of time.  After listening to it over and over Portisheads &quot;Dummy&quot; never becomes &quot;played out&quot;.  Beth  Gibbons vocals hit a gloriously eerie high.  She shines the brightest on  Sour Times, a track that keeps me up at night.  When all the new stuff  plays flat its nice to know that musicians such as Portishead have the  ingenuity to make an album that can hold its own forever.
0767819594|5.0|This movie sounds stupid, but it's quite witty, with wonderful casting and underplaying by Ryan Phillippe, appropriately wacky zoning-out by Selma Blair, and a nicely controlled performance by Reese Witherspoon.  But the  star of the show is Sarah Gellar, whose general obnoxiousness has finally  found a proper outlet.  Although we're not fooled into thinking that her  character has honorable intentions toward any person or thing, we are  fascinated when the Ms. Hyde side rears its ugly head--and here is where  Gellar shines.  If you like Bette Davis movies, catch this one.
0440234743|2.0|...you should not judge a book by its first chapter. I have seen and enjoyed the Grisham movies, so I finally decided to buy some of his books. I have two and have yet to get beyond half way through either of them  without falling asleep. He always starts off with a bang and a good idea  and somehow loses it from there. So far, from what I can see, apparently  the Hollywood screenwriters buy his stories and fix them up from there.
B000005JAX|5.0|As yet another faithful DM fan, I have truly enjoyed this tape/disc for 12 years now.  I guess those who only like DM for Dave Gahan's voice may not like this, but those who enjoy all aspects that have made them the band  I've loved for nearly 20 (whew!) years, this disc incorporates all of the  good and little of the bad. <br />To the listener shocked when learning these  were covers - uh, hello, &quot;Counterfeit EP&quot; as not just a funky  title, it's a humorous play on the content of the album.
6304806426|2.0|This is bad on so many levels it's hard to know where to start. I think the most fundamental problem is that you don't feel any empathy to the main characters so you don't really care about what they're doing. This makes  the movie seem like it's dragging on forever, whereas it's only 2 3/4  hours. (Ok, so it does drag on forever).  I'm a lover of drama and am sick  of the current movie trend of eye candy at the expense of plot,  characterization, etc., but there are so many better movies out there that  I wouldn't even rent this one unless you just need a way to waste 3 hours.
B000002U88|4.0|Bob Seger made (and makes) some of the most honest music in the history of rock and roll. This album is not his best work but that just makes it twice as good as the normal rock cd, instead of ten times as good. &quot;Shame on  the Moon&quot; is a great song and should've been on his Greatest Hits. The  think I like about Seger's cds is that you get great songs that never  received any airplay. &quot;Little Victories&quot; falls into that category  on this release. Great, honest rock.
B00002E233|2.0|I've seen a some RH films before and counted on him being a Finn doing a good job on this one. However, this was a disappointment. The plot is just so made-up and unbelievable as well as the special effects that this is a  mere insult to watch. Keep your money and buy something else.
0060931671|2.0|I agree with the reviewer who is troubled by the idea that you have to be &quot;Educated&quot; in order to get certain books.  I felt in reading this book that one had to be &quot;hip&quot; to Pynchon's &quot;jive&quot; to have a prayer of enjoying it.  He presents us with a labyrinthine plotline  filled with hipsters, weirdos and satire descended from the beatniks, all  of which, ultimately, does not deliver anything close to a profound  conclusion.  It's as if Pynchon sets the reader up for a revelation and  then, poof, there is no revelation, the revelation is made of feathers and  dandelion puffs.  Which left me feeling as though Pynchon is simply having  fun at the reader's expense, weaving elaborate, dense, and bizarre language  with very little substance.  And the hijinx, while sometimes funny, aren't  entertaining enough to sustain the weight of it all.  This book is ultimately  Dada-ist, which in my opinion is bad enough, but worse, it doesn't mean to be.   It means to be profound and witty and elegantly irreverent.  Please.  Spare me  the self-important novelist's language games.  To be fair, I would try reading  V or Gravity's Rainbow to see how it compared with this novel, since his  use of language and insight are quite brilliant at times.  But as for this  book, whew.  What a let-down.
B00001ZWBQ|5.0|I've bought almost 100 dvds, and this has always been the one that I played whenever we have guests. My friends kept borrowing or buying it off from me. Must have went throught 11 copies or so. Just found out that they  came out with DTS version. It just got better and I didn't think that was  possible.
B00000ADG2|1.0|i didn't think the album was worth my money at all.  plus, i was shocked to find that she's racist against whites, and in my opinion doesn't deserve any respect. she said that she'd rather that &quot;no white people buy her  music.&quot;  good enough for me. if she's like that, forget her.  she lost  my respect. she's obviously very disturbed.  i used to like her and support  her, but when i heard what she said, to the trash with her.
B000001DZQ|5.0|ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE.YOU MUST OWN THIS ALBUM
B000031XCR|5.0|For years I wondered what Celine's Greatest Hits package would look like. What it ended up being was half-perfect, half-not. While the inclusion of 7 new cuts would seem like a bonus, the fact that a song like  &quot;Live&quot;, which has to be one of her blandest performances, could  replace a huge signature hit like &quot;Where Does My Heart Beat Now&quot;  baffles me. The hits included are definitely staples of her career, and  sure they shouldnt bogg the set down with all her singles (who would buy  her other albums anymore?), I do feel that 7 new cuts replacing &quot;Where  Does My Heart Beat Now&quot;, &quot;Nothing Broken But My Heart&quot;,  &quot;When I Fall In Love&quot;, or &quot;All By Myself&quot; isnt worth  it, especially considering the mediocracy of the cuts. The obvious  exception is the first single &quot;Thats The Way It Is&quot;, which is a  miracle of a single choice- just a perfect selection and a welcome respite  from her past power-ballad overkill.&quot;If Walls Could Talk&quot; is also  a great song to make love to-very sensuous. &quot;All The Way&quot; is good  for its pupose- a reminder of why she is taking a break to begin with. But  the rest of the new cuts just are not among her best, and I feel that maybe  Sony should have gone with 10 hits and 6 new songs tops. But nevertheless,  the package is definitely worth getting. Just make sure you also pick up  her UNISON album along with it for &quot;Where Does My Heart Beat  Now.&quot;
0792836634|5.0|Spinechilling horror flick starring Brad Dourif. Childkiller Charles Lee Ray is dead, gunned down in a toystore. But with the help of some evil voodoo he manages to take his soul into that of a Goodguy doll. Andy  (played by Alex Vincent) gets a good guy doll for his birthday, little  knowing the real devilish secret behind this smiling doll before it's too  late. Excellent horror film with plenty of frights and jumps. Catherine  Hicks is excellent as Andy's mother battling against the menacing doll and  Brad Dourif plays the part of 'Chucky' with unholy relish. The plot is very  inventive, the writer convincing us that this could happen!
B000000OTU|5.0|This is maybe my favorite album! (and no I don't say that about every album I review here).  It's loaded full of Aerosmith's commercial classics.  If you really need to read reviews as to how good these songs are then you  NEED to purchase this album because you've missed out on some of the  greatest songs. Period.
B000002U9L|4.0|Labrynth, besides being one of the best sci-fi movies, also has an amazing soundtrack.  David Bowie, makes it was it is.  The instrumentals are beautiful, and the lyrics are great.  If you have ever seen the movie you  know that &quot;The Magic Dance&quot;, is one of the highlights in the  movie, well, listening to it anytime is even better.  3 soundtracks that  you must have are &quot;The Neverending Story&quot;, &quot;Labrynth&quot;  and &quot;Legend&quot;.  All are in my collection, and will remain my  favorites for years.
