B000P0J0DI|5.0|Great movie!!  Great service and received it in less time than expected (overseas serving).
B000244EMO|5.0|The director of Predator, John McTiernan, made the film, his second, shortly before his creative and economic peak.  He would soon go on to direct Die Hard, a film that would not only create an entirely new sub-genre of action films (the trapped on a boat/train/bus/space station movie) but also enter into the pop-culture consciousness as the essence of what an action film can and should do.  But at this point in his career he was just some guy that made a movie where Pierce Brosnan wore an intimidating beard.      The plot of Predator is relatively straight forward.  Dutch (Arnold Schwarzenegger) leads an elite team of mercenaries who are called on by an old friend at the CIA, Dillon (Carl Weathers), to rescue two CIA field operatives who have gone missing in South America.  Despite Dutch's policy that his team works alone (he also stipulates that the team only works rescue missions), Dillon forces himself onto the operation as a liaison between the mercenaries and the government.    Naturally, tensions mount since just about everyone on the team considers Dillon an out of practice pencil pusher.  Whenever a film like this creates a dichotomy between those who are shot at and those who sit behind desks, you can guarantee that the desk jockeys are not on the level.  Sure enough, when Dutch and his team discover the hidden encampment of the rebel guerillas and destroy it with the usual 1980s level of orgiastic violence, they realize that the actual mission was to destroy the guerillas and not to rescue the CIA officers.  This goes against Dutch's mercenary ethics (oxymoron?) and he is furious with Dillon.      You'll notice that I have yet to mention the predator, and that's because up until this point in the film he has made little more than small cameo appearances.  We see his ship drop into the Earth's atmosphere in the beginning of the film and during the team's trek to find the enemy camp, snippets of the film are shown in Pred-o-vision as the alien studies his prey and records some of their conversations.  In fact, the screenplay has a bit of a dual personality.  It acts like a modern day man on a mission movie with a little bit government backstabbing thrown in for good measure, but all of a sudden aliens show up and it becomes an entirely different story.  In lesser hands this would have torn the film in two, but the man on the mission movie serves to heighten the tension.  Like the films Jaws and Alien, McTiernan is smart enough to leave the big reveal until about halfway through the film (and even then the predator is still wearing a mask so we don't get to see his face until the final moments of the movie).  The entire time the audience is left wondering what exactly this alien looks like and when it will strike.      Once the team heads back to the rendezvous point, they soon discover that they are being hunted by something that is near invisible and interested in picking them off one at a time.  By the end of the film Dutch is the only man left.  Through complete luck he discovers that covering himself with mud prevents the creature, who sees through heat, from seeing him.  Dutch uses this tactical knowledge in order to even the odds for the final confrontation.  In a common film motif, Dutch must discard all of his modern weaponry and face the predator with only weapons he can fashion out of the forest.  Scenes like this, when the hero must rely on only the most primitive tools, evoke a realization that living on this planet is not too far from the living on that island those British school children landed on in Lord of the Flies.  Tellingly, Dutch lets out a primordial scream in order to call the predator to battle.      When so many modern blockbusters are trying to be novels, stretching their running time long beyond the 120 minute mark, there is something refreshing when a film like Predator aims to be the perfect short story.  The structure of the film is as streamlined as a fighter plan, giving the audience all the information it really needs shortly after the opening credits.  We see the alien ship drop to Earth and are informed by Dillon that they need to rescue some prisoners.  Then we're off.  That's not to say the film doesn't make use of some great tension before the predator is introduced, but that the simplicity of the film becomes a strength and not a detriment.  A consequence of this terse plotting is that several subplots are never really resolved.  We never know what happens when Dutch returns to civilization after realizing he had been duped, and the real world cynic versus mercenary with a heart of gold standoff between Dutch and Dillon is never truly resolved.  But McTiernan realizes that these conflicts are more important for the tension they create rather than their resolution.  We all know the CIA is corrupt, but the last thing this movie needs is a denouement where Dutch stands before a congressional hearing.      The condensed nature of the film extends to the cast of characters as well.  The filmmakers use the Huey copter ride to give us all the information we need on who these mercenaries are, and, with the precision and grace of a silent kill, they do so with nothing more than a few lines of dialogue.   We get Blain (Jesse Ventura) chewing on tobacco and offering some to his fellow soldiers.  When they refuse he claims the tobacco would make each one into a \\"sexual tyrannosaurus rex\\" like him, naturally (I'm obviously editing out some of this dialogue).  He's the kind of guy who would get on your nerves just because he could.  Hawkins (Shane Black) is first seen reading a comic book and apparently is the gang's source of scatological humor.  Throughout the film he attempts to make Billy (Sonny Landham as the unfortunately stereotypically stoic American Indian) to laugh by telling him absurdly misogynistic jokes.  While this gag relies on easy stereotypes (yes, Billy is also an excellent tracker), it also creates a sense of camaraderie between thesoldiers. Mac (Bill Duke) is first seen sharpening a knife, and throughout the film he plays his character as on the edge.  He first threatens to murder Dillon in the middle of the jungle if he gives away their position (\\"I'll bleed you.  Real quiet like\\"), and later he goes full PTSD when his best friend Blain dies, at one point he giving a soliloquy to the moon about how the two of them were the only men to survive out of their entire platoon.  Of course, given Mac's mental state, he is an unreliable narrator of his own history.  Like most of the relations in this film, and in the best short stories, whole histories are implied but not fully illuminated.  (Note to McTiernan: please never make a prequel to this film.  I don't need to know that Blain became a mercenary because his father was decapitated by a Jedi).    But the heart of the film is really the predator.  A lot of credit must go to the over seven foot tall actor, Kevin Peter Hall.  Hall manages to infuse the predator with a lot of personality, a difficult task when you are hidden underneath a heavy suit.  His movements are simultaneously graceful and unearthly, avoiding the usual clumsiness that accompanies a performance underneath a monster suit.  Certain stretches of the film focus solely on the predator's ritualistic trophy making, using the skulls of his dispatched enemies, and without a capable actor these moments would be, at best, un-engaging and, at worst, laughable.  However, Hall plays the creature as someone who is deliberate and smart.  He plans and he also has a code of ethics (he won't kill those who are incapable of defending themselves).       Of course the predator wouldn't be such an iconic creature if he didn't also have a great design.  Like the performance by Hall, Stan Winston's design manages to be both otherworldly and grounded in terrestrial cultures.  The most striking aspects to the predator are his dreadlocked hair and reptilian skin.  Not only is this an unusual combination,but it makes a kind of dream sense.  After all, what else would you utilize in order to represent an alien creature that apparently lives in the most extreme tropical climates?    Perhaps the most amazing thing about Predator is that its premise seems so flimsy and yet the film succeeds despite itself.  Just try to explain the premise of the film to someone who hasn't seen it: \\"A band of mercenaries are hunted down by an extraterrestrial from beyond the stars.\\"  A description of the film makes it sound like direct to video material.  But the filmmakers took the premise seriously.  Even Schwarzenegger limits himself to one bad pun.  What's more, the movie is endlessly quotable (\\"If it bleeds, we can kill it;\\" \\"I ain't got time to bleed\\"), which usually means the film was in careful hands from the screenplay stage.  The ability of the filmmakers to turn what could have been the plot to an Ed Wood film and turn it into a minor classic not only speaks to the quality of work for those involved, but also to the power of film.  There is a reason many of the earliest filmmakers, like Melies, were also magicians, because given enough film magic, a movie can make the audience believe anything.
B000BZISTE|1.0|Didn't like it after watching the series, I bought it for a friend. And I viewed it and just didn't like it.
B000W91RUG|5.0|If you hadn't seen the first season get it. It is so funny, and interesting to see  the characters and how they have evolved since the first episode. Must see for anyone who likes to laugh.
0061120081|5.0|My daughter is reading this for school requirement for her sophmore year.  She loves this book.  Thank you for your fast delivery.
030726999X|5.0|Awesome ending to the trilogy!  The author did an excellent job with this series of books.  My personal favorite was the 2nd book in the series.  I have enjoyed all 3 books.  All three books had great character development.  I greatly enjoyed the complexities of the Lisbeth character.  Very entertaining series! [...]
0553110098|5.0|My daughter can't wait to read this. It is a school required reading for her sophmore year.  Thanks for the fast delivery.
0971407614|5.0|I occasionally enter endurance events (mostly running) and am fairly active but the cheapest gym around is more than I could justify.  Did the standard run, pullups, pushups, ab exercises, and got an inner tube with sand for squats, but felt I was not as rounded in my training as I should be.  This book made me realize there was much more I could do with quite little (a broom, a door, a floor...).  It makes the whole world your gym.  There are training plans in the back and an index of exercises (2 spots to bookmark) but you will probably go on to make your own workouts.  I think most top athletes learn to listen to what their body needs and modify their training to suit.  These types of exercises allow for a lot of variations.      The books downside is that it kinda kills the allure of going into a small overpriced gym to wait for 'my machine', clean it of other people's bodily fluids, try to remember the settings from last time, then stare out the window on a beautiful summer day at happy people playing in the sun.      Haven't written a review in a long while.  Wrote this mainly to say thank you to the authors.
030745455X|4.0|I really enjoyed the first in this series.  The second was a stretch.  We'll see if the sequel curse is the problem - I've got number 3 on order (from Amazon).  Too darned bad this guy didn't live to see his success, though - the books are good and these are the best I've read in translation (for the genre).  So - to the father and brother - give the poor girlfriend some of the money - you've got more than Midas.
0440237688|4.0|I had to read this book for school, and it was one of the better ones. A very interesting idea, but it does leave some to be desired.
B00004WVTD|5.0|Witty, observational, duotoned 60s pop perfectly realised and made modern. Great lyrics, glorious melodies, a must for any daydreamer...
B00382X4X2|5.0|Mob Rules Deluxe Edition is already one of my favorite cds.  The cd arrived in mint condition and the sound quality is great.  It is well worth it for the bonus live cd.
B003H8WSLQ|1.0|Everything that made Antidotes so exciting, so original, and just so nearly perfect is gone. No more beautiful interplay between guitars and keyboards, no more driving and intricate beats, no longer a whole much greater than the sum of its parts. Now it's just a big smear that sounds like any other junk indie band. Did I mention the bad singing and silly lyrics? A huge step backward for what was one of my favorite bands.
B0029LX2LC|4.0|i like this! i press play and just listen. it's a good vibe to cd. i wish some of the songs weren't explicit so i could play them in my cycling class but it's all good. it's a good cd and i got it for 7.99. you can't beat that. if you're a roots fan definitely get this!
B002DKGWSE|1.0|Take every horror film and drive-in B-movie from 20 to 30 years ago...and miss the point entirely...THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE, THE HILLS HAVE EYES...and now THE LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT.<br /><br />With the original, you knew that this movie wasn't going to be for everyone.  It's a sick, twisted movie, cheap and ugly but with some appeal to the certain strata of horror fans.<br /><br />But to remake it...well...you've got to tone it down, clean it up.  This is going to be for kids now.  They're watching stronger stuff but still...okay, have the rape scene but don't show any actual nudity.  The violence?  Stab, shoot and bludgeon away because the kiddies know it's all fake anyway.<br /><br />That's why I dislike all of these remakes: the \\"horror\\" is diluted.  Today, it's meant to be entertainment.  There's nothing edgy here.  Just waiting for one character to commit some horrible violence on another.  This would be just a very simple revenge story if it wasn't for that last shot of the father with the leader of the gang.  The point was, I guess, that everyone can sink to the same level of sadism.<br /><br />The feeling I got when the movie ended: who cares?
0553212737|4.0|If you liked Pride and Prejudice, this will probably amuse you, but it's not quite as memorable.  The characters are hilarious and the plot twist rather unpredictable.  I enjoyed it a great deal.
B002VPE1B6|3.0|I don't know that I'd ever get AVATAR on DVD because, for me, the best part of the film was watching it on an IMAX screen in 3-D.<br /><br />If I didn't have the inspiring special effects to distract me from the storyline, I don't think I'd enjoy the movie as much.  It has more-than-enough imagination to set the story up...but I wish James Cameron would turn to experienced writers for the script the way he turns to experienced sfx people to shoot the movie.<br /><br />My biggest pet peeve is that this villains are always too over-the-top.  In TITANIC, Billy Zane's dastardly character should've worn a black stovepipe hat and a Snidely Whiplash moustache.  In AVATAR, the badly-scarred Colonel comes across like the most extreme military caricature.  He has no reason, he has no understandable motives in the latter part of the film so he can just completely embody the Bad Guy.<br /><br />My friends derisively refer to this film as DANCES WITH SMURFS or PLANET OF THE GRAPES.  If the story had a little more depth to it, I don't think they'd be able to say that.  And Cameron now has the two top grossing motion pictures of all time, so nobody can take that away from him.<br /><br />But I wish the story had been better.
B0001MIQMG|1.0|The words 'region 2' meant nothing to me when I ordered this. So I get it and attempt to play it and I receive an error. Also, I cannot play it on my computer without changing the region, which I can only do 4 times no matter what. I read some of the reviews for this and I saw no mention of the fact that people in the U.S. cannot view it. So I have wasted my money and will have to go through the process of returning. I wish the seller had been more clear about this.
B000YIGNKE|5.0|Does anyone know what Anne is writing in her diary at the end of the movie?
0446693804|5.0|A Walk to Remember is probably one of Nicholas Sparks' greatest love stories - and if you're a fan of his work, you know that Sparks is not short on love stories. Though I am a huge fan of his writing, I sometimes feel that many of his books follow similar storyline structures and are sometimes predictable. However, this book is by far an exception! Right from the beginning, you are brought into Landon Carter's world of success and popularity and Jamie Sullivan's world as somewhat of a social outcast. Yet circumstances beyond their control bring them together and, soon after, they find themselves falling in love - certainly an unlikely romance. Okay, so I guess that sounds like a typical Nicholas Sparks' story, but I promise you this one will stand out above all others. The two teenagers, Landon and Jamie, are a perfect example of how opposites attract, but also prove that even teenage love can be real and life-changing as well. Though Jamie struggles to overcome her secret illness alone, Landon forces her to open up and allow for him to help her through her heartrending battles with leukemia. As I said before, this is an emotional and moving must-read novel by Nicholas Sparks. Just make sure you equip yourself with plenty of kleenex!     - Monique Ritter, Author of The Song Unsung
B0021L8UPS|5.0|I am shocked after seeing this movie I thought it was going to be a stupid suspense movie, but saw the complete opposite. I mean WOW! the movie is great with lots of suspenseful moments that had me watching it until the very end. I give this movie ten stars.
0743454537|5.0|There are always those books that you'll lend out to friends and family - however, I will forever by keeping My Sister's Keeper on my shelves. This is a book that I know I can read again and enjoy just as much, if not more, the second or third time through. The reason for this is that Picoult is able to realistically capture the moral dilemma of love and family responsibility when dealing with a fatal disease such as leukemia. The novel switches point of view each chapter so that you get inside the head of each character and begin to sympathize with their personal afflictions and frustrations. Every time I came to a decision as to what was morally right or wrong, Picoult would start a new chapter from the mother's point of view or the sister's point of view, and then I'd find myself conflicted once again. My Sister's Keeper will keep you questioning your own set of values as you try and decide what you would do if you were in this particular situation. From the very first page, to the unexpected twist at the end, you will not be able to put this book down.     - Monique M. Ritter, Author of The Song Unsung
0307474712|4.0|This is a compulsively readable book about Dexter and Emma who meet at university and who stay firm friends over the years despite life pulling them in very different directions.  The book's gimmick is that each chapter takes place on the same day (July 15) but exactly one year later, so that the book ends up covering a span of almost 20 years.  After university, Emma grapples to find her place in life, working in a grotty restaurant and eventually dating a struggling comedian.  Meanwhile Dexter falls on his feet with a TV career which doesn't end up going as well as he anticipates.  At different times they seem close to becoming lovers, but then circumstances intervene and you wonder if they will ever get together.<br /><br />It's quite a long book but it's very easy and quick to read.  It does take a couple of chapters to really hook the reader in.  Initially I didn't particularly like either Dexter and Emma, but gradually they won me over - especially Emma - and by the end of the book I felt like I had grown up with them, that their memories were my memories.  (I did feel that Dexter's storyline was somewhat repetitive but I was still curious to see how it would come together.)<br /><br />So on one level it's a great read about a relationship, but on another it gets you thinking about all sorts of things: the way we evolve as we get older, what is fated and what isn't, how limited our time is.  Be warned: you'll be an emotional wreck by the end.<br /><br />A terrific book that I'll be recommending.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|While I like the movie just fine, this product only contains the Blu Ray disc.  The description stating two-Disc Blu-ray/DVD combo is wrong.  Amazon should definately correct this.
0307454541|3.0|Larsson's books are entertaining but verbose and have many implausible events. If his editor had helped him cut the book in half, it would have been a great service to everyone. This is a situation where the movie may be better than the book
1441408487|4.0|Often considered a children's book, Treasure Island, like all great children's books, can be readily enjoyed by all. Though very different from current children's works, it certainly has much that young readers are likely to enjoy - rollicking adventure, an astonishingly quick pace, great suspense, colorful characters, an engaging young narrator, etc. However, it has at least as many elements that anyone can appreciate, such as deft plotting; few works draw us in so immediately or are as well put together, and the action never lets up. It is very hard to put the book down even after more than a century; modern thrillers certainly have nothing on it. For pure adventure and excitement, it is nearly impossible to top. The plain, straightforward prose is still lucid, and Treasure has the great virtue of being easy for anyone to read. Perhaps what really makes the book, though, are its characters. The notorious Long John Silver is the most famous, a splendid and unforgettable creation; he is one of the most lively and simply fascinating characters ever. Many others are also memorable, not least Jim Hawkins, one of literature's most notable young protagonists and narrators.     Treasure belies its children's story origins in several ways, such as strong binary oppositions between heroes and villains in regard to alcohol, religion, thriftiness, etc. However, it has many serious, even thought-provoking themes; for example, it is in large part a very fine bildungsroman, which young readers will certainly appreciate. That said, reading it shows just how much children's stories have changed; such a work would never be considered, much less marketed as, a children's story now. This is most obviously due to surprisingly graphic violence and a strong glimpse or real evil; more fundamentally, it has much to do with moral murk. The good/evil distinction is far less clear than it first seems. For instance, Silver is very hard to pin down; no character can dislike him fully, and muchthe same can be said of readers. This may go a long way toward explaining the seemingly mysterious fact that he is by far the best-known character, is often depicted at worst as ambivalent, and has had his name used for such things as a fast food chain. He somewhat recalls Shakespeare's Richard III in that we are - somewhat perversely - drawn to him because of his evil, but the issue is very complex and subtle. None can deny that he has several conventional virtues, including bravery, determination, and resourcefulness. Conversely, the heroes' actions also give us much to think about, as does Treasure itself; to begin with, it deals with several important morality questions like justice, law, mercy, etc. All this will more than satisfy those expecting something more than adventure, though the book certainly has plenty of that.     Treasure is one of the few books that everyone should truly read. It has become a true cultural institution, still immensely popular and constantly adapted. If nothing else, one should at this point read it just to see its immense effect on the popular consciousness, especially the view of pirates and everything associated with them, which the book virtually invented. There are few books I would recommend unhesitatingly to readers of all ages; this is one, and I recommend it very strongly indeed.
0393061310|4.0|First, I must say that I really enjoyed the author's writing style. His ideas flow quite readily, his thoughts were quite organized, and his arguments quite thorough; and ,if I may so boldly say, mostly appear to be sound and correct. In a nutshell, certain elements are required before advanced civilization can develop from either tribal or small civilization status, such as, inclusively, the existence of high protein, high yield grains, beasts of burden and frequented trade routes. Southern Africa, Australia, North America, the Pacific Islands and Central America were lacking one or all of the above, while Europe, the Fertile Crescent, India, and China had them. However, the question in my mind remains as to why India and China did not advance on their own into the modern industrial age, but instead required prodding from the West. The author proposes that China's topology, flattish and easily travailed, spawned over the millennia an oppressive government that reached with stagnant hand into the lives of every day people, a fine statement, but he doesn't make the logical argument as to why a Chinese government should necessarily prohibit innovation. At any rate, the book definitely belongs on your reading list.
1416575464|2.0|After just adoring the Domino magazine (a Better Homes and Gardens for the trendy set), I've been waiting to find this book, but then ugh! What a waste of time and money.  The book offered nothing new or interesting in terms of decoration.  In fact, I can't even call this a \\"best of Domino\\".  Save your money, instead petition Lucky to bring back Domino.
B003405MF6|5.0|Jeff Beck is a master- I find his new album to be work which totally moves to new ground and has brought me music of a form that is novel and not heard before. It cannot be compared to his other work and indeed each CD or early albums are all stand alone.Comparison is always a dangerous beginning for any critic anyway.    He is an artist and is uncomfortable it seems with a status quo and so always demonstrates this for us his growth. Growth and progression and personal process always seem to attract me to an artist [ musician, painter etc.] here is a man that for me has never disappointed and I have watched him since maybe 1966!    I find this album a challenge and a delight simultaneously! it is not ''guitar shop'', a favorite but goes to a whole new place. Very cool and I hope this note can convey my thanks for his great gifts.
B00005U1YO|5.0|The title track is the most psychedelic song ever written.  If you love LSD then that's all you need to know.
B000K4X5XA|2.0|You have seen the bright and rich looking blu-ray Warner Bros. or the Universal Studio's logo in the introduction of their blu-ray movies ,right ..?  You have seen the great video transfers done with the X-MEN dvds and Pirates of the Caribbean dvd's , right ? Well i have some bad news for you... You are not gonna find that quality in \\"Superman the movie\\"  .!!<br />Its good to see old faces in this movie but that's about it .... This dvd is good for nostalgia but if you're looking for great blu-ray transfer , forget it, you're wasting your time ....<br />Its not my TV , i have the Samsung LN55A950 LED and the Oppo SE blu-ray dvd player and this dvd sounds like and looks like a regular SD dvd ...!!<br />Its just a crying shame , there should be just one standard when making dvd's in Hollywood .. When Sony license their blu-ray technology out , sometimes it seems like every Studio seems to think they know what there doing and ends up creating or transferring pure garbage and selling it to the public...<br />I don't want to cry the blues but this just make me angry ....!<br />Its your money , you make the call ...<br />Romans 10:9-13
B003LXM1RS|4.0|After a four-year hiatus the Scissor Sisters return with Night Work, a work that is darker, polished and more mature than anything they've done before. Is this enough to put them back on top of the bill and take back the title they once heralded, or is this a page turned to write a new chapter in the band's life?    By now the story of how Night Work was gestated is vox populi: frontman Jake Shears was not wholeheartedly convinced of the recorded material working, got a nay from Elton John, split to Berlin for a few weeks, and there, among carefree creatures of the night, conceived what would be the spark to ignite the new sessions. It all sounds great in paper, but did the notion transfer legibly into music?     The first time they previewed material from Night work was in their twin shows at the Bowery Ballroom in NYC earlier this year. Songs sounded powerful, fun, pop flirting with electro and even some southern rock. After a first listen it is clear they took their time editing, with surprising results in some cases.    The title track opens the experience with an immediately enjoyable song that echoes of Ta-dah! but the fears are put to bed soon with lead single Fire with fire, in which Shears wonders \\"Is it just me or is everyone hiding out between the lines / what will we be when we come undone / Just a simple meaning of the minds\\"  Sounding more like self doubt statement than a mere verse, it cues in to the heart of the record.    We are given a glimpse of the world he imagined while dancing in Berlin, of \\"what would have happened if we didn't have that crater (AIDS)\\" with the infectious Harder you get, which you can well guess what it's about. Skin this cat and Any which way you want are the mandatory Ana Matronic tracks, both in their luscious performance and subsequent mid-chorus rant, proving that more than a mere sidekick voice she is, indeed, the fine bridge between vulgarity and sophistication.    Something like this is a quirky tune that is an unmissable as it is perfectly crafted, while Sex and violence will probably be more exciting to hear in remixed mode. The true gem in here is Invisible light, a long time live favorite here given the treatment it deserved. Ian McKellen provides vocals for the suggestive interlude, which builds it into a dance floor anthem where sailors, whores, old party children and sexual gladiators have waken to enjoy the bacchanal.    Scissor Sisters were once the outrageous quintet that mocked the current estate of pop music, but they fed from and grew out of it to become trendsetters. Now they bet for a non complacent palette that pays off. Night work might be the Sister's most cohesive album to date, both musically and in concept, successfully dressing that darker side with the brightness of glam pop without intending to. Which is not to say this is a bad record, quite the contrary: they step (not too far) apart from the honky tonk and singalongs, and invest more on the sounds derived from those 80's bands that shaped them, and if we count among them Kraftwerk, Clash, Siousxie and Roxy Music this is one hell of an achievement.
B003EV6DBW|5.0|I've been a Doctor Who fan since I first stumbled upon a David Tennant episode late one night with a friend of mine. Since then I've come to realize the complexity of Doctor Who and its unrivaled science fiction flare. When Tennant was leaving, I have to say I had my doubts. How could anyone fill that role? But then I saw The Eleventh Hour and Matt Smith, as well as the lovely Karen Gillan, stole my heart. Steven Moffat, who wrote many of my favorite David Tennant episodes, took the helm and made the show what it deserved to be. The added budget and HD quality has only made a great story look fresher than ever. The cinematography has been stepped up, and every episode feels like a movie. This series has also done incredibly well to have nearly every episode bleed into each other and effect the overall plot and finale. I downloaded every episode when they aired, but I'm definitely going to buy the Blu Ray when it comes out. I want to support this series and Moffat especially.
B00006JKOM|5.0|First off, let it be known that,I realy dislike critics. This album just happens to be one of Jethro Tulls best albums as far as I am concerned. I have owned it as an album (still do), 8 Track, Cassette, also cd. My music collection would not be complete without it.
B0015AARJI|1.0|This controller does not come with the USB cable that is required to charge it. What?! You would think that since we're paying $50 Sony could throw a cable in there.
B000VOC90Y|5.0|This is the second one of the same kind I've bought. This is the absolute best and strongest back pack made. Fits nicely under any airline seat.
B00005JOFQ|3.0|This is a movie that has gotten glowing reviews. IMO, it is a love it or hate it movie. I didn't really enjoy it much because, to put it plainly, it bored me to death. The movie drags on at a realistically paced soap opera. I admit the acting was decent and the story was alright, but it was really boring. I would definitely not watch this again, even on a boring rainy day with green eggs and ham.     Problems:    1. The plot of the movie isn't really complex. I won't say it since it'll spoil it for you.    2. The love scenes and love relationship in general feels more like a fetish reenactment or a spare the moment \\"I haven't gotten any for a long time\\" kind of thing. The love never really hits a believable level where you're like \\"yeah, they really care for each other even without the sex\\". Sex is the limit of their love. I know the movie tries to portray it differently but come on now every time they meet there's always some sexual encounter. They never really build their relationship much past that point.    3. The movie was extremely static and slow paced. If I was ever to be tortured, watching this movie again would probably be the finishing move.....    4. Have anyone noticed that the characters don't really change physically even though they said it's been about 20 years or so? In the end when BLANK met his daughter, the daughter almost looked like his wife, the dad and the daughter looked almost the same age!    5. No satisfactory conclusion. I guess that's how it works in real life but again it goes back to the pretty static plot. You would think that there's some sort of better resolve in the end, but it just feels like the whole moral of the movie was \\"love sucks, don't get into it or you'll be like US (echo effect).        I was seriously bored out of my mind. I just thought there would be something that would make this movie more rewatchable or rather....watchable at all. It just bored me to death. I'm very open to different types of movies, but yeah...My thoughts are: I think the only reason this movie got so much attention and overexaggeration is because of one single thing. HEATH LEDGER. Well, that and of course because it stands for homosexuality and the ever growing community which supports it WHICH probably explains the ratings.
B003EYVXSW|4.0|Adrien Brody is one of those actors that can go either way for me. He stands alone as one of the best if you are judging him from his performance in the Pianist. Alternatively, he is starring in the upcoming Predators, which has not been released at the time of ts writing but is fairly reasonable to assume will not be critically well received. Splice stands somewhere in the middle, not award-winning material but something which is virtually guaranteed a cult following. Brody plays a scientist who specializes in splicing DNA, who along with his partner and lover, played by Sarah Polley, fresh off their success with two blob like creatures named Fred and Ginger, decide to splice human DNA with that of a variety of animals. Well, it's really her idea but Adrien Brody's lax, nervous character does not choose to stop her.     The result is a sack of gelatinous material, an egg sack bearing a creature which the pair names Dren (nerd backwards, get it?). Dren is at first something resembling a weasel, and despite Brody's character Clivr's multiple protests of keeping it alive, Polley's character convinces him that the creature will age remarkably quickly and that it will be dead soon enough.when zdren is tee height of a five year old, they put her in a dress and the audience begins to empathize with her as a mostly human character, relatable in a bizarre way.          As Dren matures the scientists encounter problems with her breathing, her size, her behavior among a whole host of others. Eventually an almost fully mature Dren is moved to an abandoned barn owned by Polley's family. Here is where the film finds it's voice as we watch this alien mature and begin to question her position in the world. The character is tragic because the question begins to emerge: is it right to make a life purely for science?             The flaws if Splice are twofold, Sarah Polley turns in an at best mediocre performance with occasionally ridiculous motivations. Brody carries the film, despite the fact that the lack of assertiveness his character practically exudes is sickening. Finally, the film takes a needlessly violent turn in the last fifteen minutes that steps too far from the subtle base established for the majority of the film. And without spoiling anything, there is a stupidly gory scene in the middle of the film not involving Dren at all.               Within the picture this film paints, it's flaws are minimal at best. It carries a fairly high recommendation from me if you can stomach blood and playing with the laws of nature.
0307474712|4.0|Amongst a certain breed of literary snob (to which, I confess I have been known to belong), it is common to dismiss certain works as, not really literature, but screenplays in book form. Well, that is a badge that \\"One Day\\", a Romantic Comedy of the first order, appears to wear proudly... and deservedly so! The fact that it's been written by a screenwriter... AND that it's aready in pre-production as a film, would make it hard to disguise! Ah, but there are films and there are films. If the film version is HALF as much fun/poignance/believable as the book, it could well be the best RomCom in ages. The situation couldn't be simpler. Emma & Dexter meet on July 15. Anybody whose ever even passed a theatre where a romantic comedy is playing, knows that they belong together. It's the most blatant \\"belong together\\" since Harry met Sally (and what ever happened to THEM?). BUT, of course, they do not GET together (else, no book, no movie, no... who knows... sitcom). They part. For 20 years, basically. AND we, the reader, NEVER HEAR ABOUT THEM AGAIN! except for one day (July 15) each year. Until.... oh, come on! Read the book! See the movie! Just ENJOY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0307455874|5.0|Dear Mr. President:<br /><br />As a Returned Peace Corps Volunteer (Honduras, 1975-1977), I request your help to create a new Special Collection at the Library of Congress, the Peace Corps Experience Collection. This would include published memoirs, letters, essays, novels, short stories and poetry inspired by service. By creating such a repository, the Library of Congress would become a historical guardian for the Peace Corps' collective memory and promote understanding (the Peace Corps' third goal).<br /><br />Currently, there is no such treasure. The Kennedy Library only accepts original material. Tragically, even the Peace Corps Resource Library in Washington D.C. does not keep published work written by its own volunteers, the salt of the earth. As the fiftieth anniversary of the Peace Corps' inception approaches, let us correct this.<br /><br />As you know, hundreds of thousands of Americans have heard the call and hundreds have returned to fulfill that pledge to share their experience through literature. Since commercial publishers have historically shown little interest in Peace Corps Volunteer's literature, ninety percent of these books are self-published. The Library of Congress currently will not accept any book unless at least 500 copies were printed. In today's Print-On-Demand publishing world, this excludes almost all Peace Corps' books.<br /><br />Popular government sponsored programs are rare. During the first half of the twentieth century only the W.P.A. and the C.C.C. caught America's imagination. During the second half of the twentieth century, only N.A.S.A. and the Peace Corps have been equally popular. Yet, like the W.P.A. and the C.C.C., first-hand experience books about the Peace Corps are hard to find and our collective memory fades.<br /><br />The Library of Congress has a great set of special collections, several of which include twentieth century work. There is even a collection of \\"Amateur Publications\\" by early twentieth century journalists! The addition Peace Corps literature will serve our nation well at no cost to the tax payer. The books will be donated. Web sites related to the Peace Corps are numerous.<br /><br />Most wise leaders are remembered for supporting the arts and learning. This is an opportunity for President Obama. The fiftieth anniversary was the perfect time to announce the creation of a Peace Corps Experience Collection within the Library of Congress.  You can still do it beefore the election. Thanking you in advance for your kind consideration,ts! The addition Peace Corps literature will serve our nation well at no cost to the tax payer. The books will be donated. Web sites related to the Peace Corps are numerous.<br /><br />Most wise leaders are remembered for supporting the arts and learning. This is an opportunity for President Obama. The fiftieth anniversary was the perfect time to announce the creation of a Peace Corps Experience Collection within the Library of Congress.  You can still do it beefore the election. Thanking you in advance for your kind consideration,
0316017922|3.0|Easy read but mostly confirms the old axiom that \\"Luck is where preparation meets opportunity.\\".
B00006CXSS|5.0|This is the best series I've ever seen.  Notice I didn't say \\"war movie series\\".  I mean best, period.  It will hook you immediately and you'll wish it will not come to an end. We all owe so much to the amazing men of Easy Company, and all the rest of the heroes of the WW2 generation, thanks Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg.
B003A4IFGY|5.0|Tom Petty and The Heartbreakers have nothing to prove. They are not only a worldwide admired band of the most classic sort. That also happens to have a level of integriity rarely heard, seen, and exemplified from any long standing, legendary group.<br />As an artist of this calibre creates continuous work at a high level. The earliest milestones in their career are often looked at as the very best accomplishments because they came first. I don't see that with TBHB. These guys are making music on MOJO that comes from the very best places. The places where they grew up. The places where they first heard music that made them have that moment in their youth that makes a person realize that this is what they want to do for the rest of their lives as a profession.<br />The originality is there in the lines, in the music as music is. The influences are there (Allman Brothers, Bob Dylan, Singer/Songwriters, Delta bluesmen ie; Muddy Waters, Howlin' Wolf, Robert Johnson.) Every musician should bow to these forerunners. Tom, Mike and the rest of the band are tipping their hats and fantastically displaying musical prowess in the process.<br />\\"Good Enough\\",\\"Jefferson Jericho Blues\\", etc. in between. All are brilliant. This album with absolute MOJO will be looked at as the best rock album by a classic rock band this year. I hope so anyway.<br />Plus, and more importantly over anything else. They can bring it on full throttle in a concert setting. Easily one of the best bands LIVE or in studio in the world. Playing the best music that came before them. But creating their own originals around the template. Outstanding and in my review, undeniably great.
B000W7FDBM|5.0|Everything that was stated about this DVD by the seller was correct. I got what I expected adn what I wanted. The DVD is in great condition and so is the outside case. If I have the opportunity, I would definately buy from this seller again. The shipping was very fast. A***** I recommend this seller by ANYONE who wants great products in quick time. Thank you very much seller.
B0029LHWFO|5.0|Dear Mr. President:<br /><br />As a Returned Peace Corps Volunteer (Honduras, 1975-1977), I request your help to create a new Special Collection at the Library of Congress, the Peace Corps Experience Collection. This would include published memoirs, letters, essays, novels, short stories and poetry inspired by service. By creating such a repository, the Library of Congress would become a historical guardian for the Peace Corps' collective memory and promote understanding (the Peace Corps' third goal).<br /><br />Currently, there is no such treasure. The Kennedy Library only accepts original material. Tragically, even the Peace Corps Resource Library in Washington D.C. does not keep published work written by its own volunteers, the salt of the earth. As the fiftieth anniversary of the Peace Corps' inception approaches, let us correct this.<br /><br />As you know, hundreds of thousands of Americans have heard the call and hundreds have returned to fulfill that pledge to share their experience through literature. Since commercial publishers have historically shown little interest in Peace Corps Volunteer's literature, ninety percent of these books are self-published. The Library of Congress currently will not accept any book unless at least 500 copies were printed. In today's Print-On-Demand publishing world, this excludes almost all Peace Corps' books.<br /><br />Popular government sponsored programs are rare. During the first half of the twentieth century only the W.P.A. and the C.C.C. caught America's imagination. During the second half of the twentieth century, only N.A.S.A. and the Peace Corps have been equally popular. Yet, like the W.P.A. and the C.C.C., first-hand experience books about the Peace Corps are hard to find and our collective memory fades.<br /><br />The Library of Congress has a great set of special collections, several of which include twentieth century work. There is even a collection of \\"Amateur Publications\\" by early twentieth century journalists! The addition Peace Corps literature will serve our nation well at no cost to the tax payer. The books will be donated. Web sites related to the Peace Corps are numerous.<br /><br />Most wise leaders are remembered for supporting the arts and learning. This is an opportunity for President Obama. The fiftieth anniversary was the perfect time to announce the creation of a Peace Corps Experience Collection within the Library of Congress. You could still do it before the election.  Thanking you in advance for your kind consideration,ts! The addition Peace Corps literature will serve our nation well at no cost to the tax payer. The books will be donated. Web sites related to the Peace Corps are numerous.<br /><br />Most wise leaders are remembered for supporting the arts and learning. This is an opportunity for President Obama. The fiftieth anniversary was the perfect time to announce the creation of a Peace Corps Experience Collection within the Library of Congress. You could still do it before the election.  Thanking you in advance for your kind consideration,
B000UBMSB8|4.0|I always liked the general concept of Blade Runner of a policeman tracking down superhuman business creations.  The various elements of detailed realistic cityscape models, brooding pulsing electronic music, and interesting future city technology are all excellent.  There are, however, things that don't make sense.  First, the introduction describes \\"robot evolution\\" for the Replicants, but later on, the creator scientist is talking about cells and a \\"newly-formed DNA strand\\"; robots don't have cells and DNA strands, and biological beings cannot put their hands in extremely-hot water and punch their arms and heads through walls and glass and be completely unaffected by such actions; while the movie presents the Replicants' rigid actions in the manner of a robot, the current promotion of the film now describes them as biological beings; the lack of meaningful definition for the Replicants' essence is an important conceptual void in the movie.  Second, after having a calm, meditative conversation with his creator about the possibility of extending life, the Replicant Batty whimsically kills his creator and another man who had helped him; this violent action makes no sense and apparently was put in the film for shock effect and to show the Replicants as a menace to society.  Third, Sean Young's character's stiffened hair and fashion appears to be that of a 1930s-1940s actress that is very incongruent with the futuristic vision of city society.    In this Four-Disc Collector's Edition of Blade Runner, the Final Cut (2007) is about the same as the Director's Cut (1992), which was disappointing to me.  I liked the 1982 U.S. and International versions on Disc 3, because they have Harrison Ford's narration, which gave a meaningful spirit to the movie.  On Disc 4: Enhancement Archive, I especially liked watching the many Deleted And Alternate scenes, which add interesting depth to the movie.    Blade Runner has many excellent elements, but there is no meaningful foundation for the Replicants and their amazing actions.
B003FSTN52|5.0|I realize this is an incredible show, but I really have to ask why it takes them so long to issue it on CDs. They already have the show on tape. They know they`re going to release CDs as soon as they see the ratings. Are they competely incompetent? September?? What kind of joke is that?
B002VPE1XY|5.0|AmazonBasics has introduced another winning product with its Leather Camera Case for Digital Cameras.<br /><br />I ordered this from amazon.com and as usual it arrived quickly. The case fit my Nikon Coolpix camera like a glove! The case snaps shut to keep the camera secure. The velcro strap fits around a belt, which is ideal for me. For those who don't wear a belt, there is a cut out at the top where you can access the ring that holds the camera strap.<br /><br />It might seem like a simple thing, but now that I can securely carry my camera I can take advantage of more photo opportunities anytime, anyplace. For that reason, this accessory is a must-have for anyone who likes to take pictures.<br /><br />I highly recommend this product to all pocket digital camera enthusiasts!
B00003CX96|5.0|My husband had been searching for this movie for a while and finally I found it. It plays perfect and I love it. Fast and accurate service like it should be.
0316017922|5.0|Great book I've gotta say. If you're looking to nerd out on how successful people get to where they are this is for you. From Bill Gates to pilots to seemingly everything the author has boiled success down to a science and uses seemingly odd details such as birthplace, month of birth, and ancestral background to explain a persons potential for success and how under the right circumstances these favored persons become the greats that we dream of becoming. Very informative.
B000FSME1A|5.0|I too am an avid fan of this realistic, engrossing film. However, the producers of Redux did the movie a disservice. The intensity, rawness, grittiness have all been removed. The original version engaged me emotionally and psychologically, in contrast Redux leaves me frustrated and unsatisfied in comparison. I have a copy of Redux, watched twice if anyone wants it for $5.00 plus whatever shipping costs there are. I just want this DVD OUT of my house....so my options are sell it or more pleasurably stick it in a filled straw rice container, drop in a grenade and yell \\"fire in the hole\\"!!!
B00005JOHC|5.0|Bought it for my husband's birthday. He loves it. It is very funny and item arrived in excellent condition. Great price.
B000HC2LI0|5.0|Over the years, I've viewed an isolated eposode of West Wing and it didn't do a thing for me. Now that I have viewed the entire series, I have new found respect for what this series has to offer. It should be required viewing for every american who is at least a little interested in our country. I liken it to taking a course in how our political process works or doesn't. It's so real and topical that's it's scarry. This is the best $80.00 or so that I've ever spent. Have it for your entire family to view periodically. NPN
1416550550|4.0|I really liked this book. It kept me interested the whole time and I didn't think it was overly long, maybe a little drawn out in places, but you really got to know the characters.
B0006JGFNQ|5.0|I love this Gizmo toy so much! Finally my cat gets to meet his namesake. The only thing I don't like is that he isn't real. I want him to be real!! I promise not to feed him after midnight or get him wet. Ha ha. I love his ears. They're so big and adorable. Great toy for any Gizmo lover.
B002VPE1XY|5.0|Who would imagine you would ever see a genuine leather camera case offered for less than $10. Amazon has got a winner here with their AmazonBasics line of products. This case is light-weight, securely stays shut and offers a strong hold velcro flap to secure to a belt, bag or purse strap. I was able to fit my Sony Cybershot DSC and Canon Powershot SD digital cameras with no problems what-so-ever. They easily slide in and out.<br /><br />The hole on the top of the flap is perfect to use when you want to carry the camera case on your wrist by using the wrist strap on your camera. Now I can just throw my camera in my purse without worrying about damaging or scratching it.<br /><br />Amazon Frustration-Free packing offers less wasted packing materials. It comes nicely packed in a small box with no tags, plastic case or unwanted product box (box inside a box).<br /><br />Great product offered at a terrific price.
B002VECMAE|1.0|The same lame joke over and over, with minor, duller variations. So drumming, boring and agonizing to watch a movie which is a really a mean practical joke played on viewers. It's simply, totally, NOT FUNNY, entertaining or in any way engaging, without meaning or worth.     And here I am, spewing empty phrases, going nowhere, without any enlightening, informing, dramatic effect or meaning. Just saying it was awful without saying what it means about American humor and creativity, the taste of stars, producers, writers, even financiers.     The only movie it brought to mind was THE PRODUCERS, which spun a far better, funnier movie about two producers creating a sure-fire failure to lose money, in order to make money, by conning investors. [[ASIN:B000EWBKMG The Producers (Widescreen Edition)]][[ASIN:B000BMY2LU The Producers (Deluxe Edition)]] And the viewing audience too, of course. Either version of THE PRODUCERS is going for $.01, a far, far better investment. And radically funnier and enjoyable, too.      Never will I ever trust the tainted taste of Clooney again. Amazing, the star-power   wasted,not to mention viewers' time and money. The only blessing was that I didn't buy the   movie, but checked it out of a library.    If I ever expressed myself fully on this monstrosity Amazon would bar me from writing a review ever again. Hope I'm not being too subtle.
B003J7HOKU|5.0|if you thought horizons was sick, this album has cancer, butt-aids, lupus and a congenital heart defect all at once.  i'm not going to pick this album apart like the overabundance of aspiring critics that plague this site.  listen to the demos, that's what they're there for...then buy it, you will not be repentant.  ready your aural cavity for an all out assault!!!    PS - these guys are on warped tour 2010...show up, rock out, hug an emo (they hate it), and leave before andrew w.k. gets a chance to bleed on something
B0000042GM|5.0|I cannot imagine life without this set of recordings, compliments of Julius Katchen and London Records. Katchen excels as a miniaturist, which makes him so effective in capturing the inner light of the Brahms solo piano works. His lifetime hobby as a collector of Netsuke corroborates his affinity for the fine detail of beauty in the small.    The recorded sound is nearly 50 years old and is splendid. I read Katchen recorded on Blthner pianos whenever possible. Whatever the instrument, its sound is as fluid and musical as a percussive instrument can be, an effect due as well to Katchen's touch and technique. But the beauty of these recordings transcends technique; the greatest source of my enthusiasm is Katchen's insight into what Brahms is up to in these pieces.    I have heard most available recorded interpretations of Brahms' piano music and nothing compares. Of course, it is not a 100% success rate. For my own library, I have chosen other performers for 9 solo piano pieces where the Katchen performance left something wanting, usually because of tempo issues. Ax (5) and Goode (4) versions were fine substitutes.    And now for the final reason to buy this set. Katchen does not grunt, mumble, or audiblize while playing. Give the man a sixth star.
B001R4CKGU|3.0|i guess i don't read on a high enough level - just an old guy who wants to read something good.  this book reminds me of anderson's winesburg, ohio.  homespun characters who have a certain fascination.  most of tinkers` inner meanings are too deep and beautiful ( ? ) for me.  can i recommend this to my book club?  i don`t think so.
B002LC2DQ4|5.0|Really good deal. The cheapest they were at best buy were $29.99 for the same product. Definately would purchase again. Came quickly and had free shipping. Rock on!
B002VPE1B6|1.0|My title said it all.  When I watch this story I felt like I was watching a 1990 western illustrating how badly the Indians were treated over 100 years ago and other similar stories. This movie was so predictable that to me it was a rerun.   Almost all the technical details was left out to explain why humans were still living under a military rule and the only way to solve a problem is to kill all the men involved.  I did notice that when they went into battle all the women from earth seem to disappear.  So, I give this movie a 1 star because of the amazing special effects.  To bad a good thought provoking storyline could not been added with it.  It reminds me of Star Wars that everyone seems to love too.  Yet, James Cameron had to make a lot of money from this movie because it cost so much to make.
143911000X|5.0|The Bro Code is a book that every \\"How I Met Your Mother\\" fan should have!!
B002HK9IDQ|5.0|This is the kind of movie that you'll long remember for the strong characters and catchy tunes. Rex Harrison and Audrey Hepburn are simply great and the supporting cast perfectly placed. This is a story you'll want to come back to often so it's worth owning.
B003E48AYC|3.0|Tim Burton needs to take a break. If you need any proof of that, look no further than Alice in Wonderland. Not only did this movie make me fall asleep twice, but it's one of those movies where big name actors play characters that barely have any dialogue, and could've been played by no-names and gotten the same result. But that's not the big problem I have. Nope, it's that there's nothing interesting about this iteration of Alice in Wonderland at all. As usual, Burton goes for his usual 'twisted' art style with the classic characters, but he forces so many different characters in the movie that there's nothing but wasted potential here, especially by John Depp as the Mad Hatter. Who was it that was featured the most in the previews for this movie? Him. How much does he do in this movie that you didn't already see in the trailers? Not much. And it's sad too because you can tell that Depp could've done A LOT with this character. But that's just one of many, many problems. While it isn't the pile that a computer put out and then laminated like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was, it's close.    If you don't know the main plot by now, Alice has grown up, and abandons a proposal/marriage when she spots the white rabbit at said proposal location, and falls down the rabbit hole once again. She ends up in Wonderland, now known as Underland, and things aren't as bright and cheery as they were when she was little. The Red Queen has taken over, and she rules Underland with her super weapon- a dragon known as the Jabberwocky. Apparently, Alice is the chosen one who'll save Underland and slay the Jabberwocky, restoring balance to the Force...I mean, Wonderland. She gets the help of the Mad Hatter and several others who are all sick of the Red Queen, including her sister, the White Queen.    Oddly enough, most people who praise this movie only go on about how beautiful it is, or just go on about the art direction, or how they love John Depp. You never hear a single thing aboutAlice herself, and there's a reason for that- she's boring. I've watched this movie three times now- the first two times I fell asleep, and the third time I managed to stay awake. They couldn't have gotten a more flat, dry actress to play Alice. I think Al Gore can display feelings better than whoever this person was. In fact, aside from being \\"the chosen one\\" here, Alice barely does anything in the movie thanks to the other characters being crammed into the story. Depp as the Mad Hatter, like I said earlier, was ok, but he didn't really do that much. Most of the laughs come from his facial expressions and that's it. Helena Bonham Carter as the Red Queen was the main scene stealer, and while I didn't get a kick out of her scenes as most people did, I can honestly say that she's one of two characters that truly stand out. As with all of Carter's performances, she gives it her all, and I appreciate that. The other character that stands out, and the only reason I'm adding a second star to the rating, is Anne Hathaway as the White Queen. She didn't exactly stretch her acting skills, but my god was she -gorgeous-. So gorgeous that she had my full attention every time she was on-screen. Yes, it's a dumb reason to add a star, but when the rest of the movie is so dull, it works for me.    The rest of the cast is a bunch of minor characters, most of who are played by well-respected actors who probably got a million bucks each for their short time here. Christopher Lee plays the Jabberwocky, and literally has only 4 sentences of dialogue. Alan Rickman as the caterpillar? I love Rickman and all, but Burton really needs to stop calling in his buddies for roles and going with people who could probably do a much better job, and cost less than half the money. My other complaints have to do with the use of CG. Don't get me wrong- I'm not one of those anti-CG people who are a dime a dozen these days. In fact, I thought the CG characters looked good for the most part. But...people who are part CG and part real, like Crispin Glover's character, were just distracting. Had they just made the whole movie in CG, I probably would've liked it a little more. Finally, there are a good number of scenes here that were so obviously made with the 3D version in mind that, just like the CG/human hybrids, they were distracting. Alice growing huge, then small, then huge again being the main example.    As for the blu-ray itself, one reason I'm bumping this up a star...it's loaded. The picture and audio are both perfect, and sure to impress people with your home theater system. And the extras have damn-near everything you could possibly want to know about the making of the movie, except for a commentary track. Otherwise, they threw in everything and the kitchen sink with extras. Character concept art, music, behind the scenes, you name it. A lot of it's interesting, and it'll take a few hours to go through the extras. Trust me when I say that I'd need more room for the review if I were to go over everything.    Had Burton focused on the script more than being a 'visionary', this movie could've been so much more. Instead, he continues making movies for himself and his friends rather than audiences. What happened to the guy who made Beetlejuice, Pee-Wee's Big Adventure, Batman, Ed Wood and Edward Scissorhands? I really can't believe this movie did as well as it did in theaters, unless most of the people who went to see it had just got done partying and looking for a certain kind of trip. It seems that all Burton needs to do to make a movie is hire Depp and his wife, call in Danny Elfman for the score, and make sure there are 'twisted' tweaks made to inanimate objects.
B001FB4VXU|5.0|This is great comedy for nerds.  If you know the secret identities of Kal-El and Curt Newton, you'll love it.  And even if you don't know their secret identities, the young cast members are endearingly funny.
B00008G7UF|4.0|This was a movie I fondly remembered and was not disappointed at seeing it again. If you don't mind a little campy acting this is a fun story that is made by a perfect backdrop.
0061711292|3.0|The 1968 movie, with Dame Maggie Smith's superb performance as Miss Brodie, is one of my all-time favorite films. I'd never felt the need to read the original novel until recently. Maybe my expectations were too high but I was disappointed. I was surprised by the writing style which is repetitive and at times confusing. The characters of the \\"Brodie Set\\" seem poorly sketched out. One girl is \\"known for sex\\", another has \\"small piggy eyes\\", another is \\"stupid\\", and so on for all 6 girls - and these descriptions are repeated over and over throughout the novel. Was this a technique? If so, I can't figure out what it accomplished. The story also frequently goes back in forth in time, paragraph to paragraph, which felt messy to me. At times I would see a flash of brilliance, a gem, which took me back to the movie. I gave this 3 stars for these moments, and for the concept (this is not the typical teacher/student mentor movie) which launched an unforgettable movie. There are very few examples of a movie being better than the book - but this is one of them.
B0020MKTOS|5.0|This dvd makes you think a little more about life and the way we think and behave.  It is a great movie.
0156034026|5.0|Changez, a young Pakistani man, sits in a cafe in Lahore relating his time in the US both before and after September 11. His audience is a rather nervous and unnamed American. This is essentially a novel about identity, about \\"us\\" and \\"them\\". There is a sense of urgency as the narrator's monologue unfolds - how exactly does he transition to becoming, in his words, an \\"ex-Janissary\\"? Who is the American, simply a tourist or someone more shady like an operative? What happens with the strange and touching relationship Changez has with Erica, a lovely but deeply sad young woman? It's so beautifully and powerfully written that I found myself going through many emotions. It is also quite funny in parts and I'd find myself chuckling. I rarely buy books these days (instead making good use of my library) but have now felt compelled to order a used copy from Amazon. It's one I will definitely read again.
B0030BYWKU|3.0|Just okay for his first cd. Four out of the eight songs aren't bad, but for such a short list of songs, not as good as I'd hoped.
B003HARV3Y|2.0|[WARNING:  Spoilers!]    Now, I haven't seen the DVD, itself, yet, but I did see this movie in the theaters.  Now, I realize that there do have to be changes between a book and its movie.  That's fine, but the changes to this completely changed the story, making any sequels virtually impossible.  The biggest problem I could see was changing the bad guy.  What is with Hollywood making Hades out to be the bad guy?  First, it was done by Disney's Hercules many years ago.  Now, it's this one, and they even did the same thing in the remake of Clash of the Titans.  What are they going to do with the final battle at the end of the series?  Will it be Hades, along with the Furies, against Olympus?  That wouldn't stand a chance.  Also, they messed up everything from the very beginning of the movie.  Having Zeus and Poseidon meet on the roof, and say they hadn't seen each other for a few years?  In Mythology, they met multiple times a year for the equinoxes and solstices, unless they were being petty about something, of course.    So, they combined Annabeth and Clarice, Hades and Cronus, and I thought there was another, but I've tried to blank as much of this horrid film from my mind as possible.  If the director/screenplay author had at least looked at the mythology that these books were based on, it might have been better, even with combining some characters, but the main enemy still should not have been changed.    I've seen some people compare this to the Harry Potter books, and that's fine.  They had to cut parts there, too, but not the extremely important parts.  This movie was more like the Eragon movie, in that the changes made were bad changes.
B003C1QIO6|5.0|This is a really great CD.  It's more folky than his previous CDs and more focused on instrumentals, but it's really great and doesn't disappoint; still has a classic Jack Johnson element!
B002VPE1B6|1.0|The blu ray disk did not play at all on my Samsung player, even after 2 firmware updates.  It's played ever other blu disk I've thrown at it.<br /><br />Amazon is not allowing me to return it for a refund.<br /><br />What a rip off.<br /><br />Stay away from Blu Ray!  Amazon should update their return policies.<br /><br />Blu ray disks that only play on some players should LISTED WITH WHICH PLAYERS THEY SUPPORT.
0312427646|5.0|Five stars are just too paltry for this book.  Awesome, bright, clever, droll, only begin the list of adjectives that could be assigned to it. The plot is a blatant, if delightful, vehicle for Alan Bennett's philosophy of reading.  The Queen, her very self, meets one of her pages in the traveling library.  Norman takes her on a jolly trek to becoming \\"a reader\\".  She discovers that \\"Literature is a Commonwealth\\".  A book doesn't care what class you are, as long as you read it!<br /><br />Inevitably, her secretary Kevin, the Prime Minister, the household in general and even the Corgis find that the Queen's reading is causing disruption.  She perfects reading in her coach, keeping the book below the window level so as to maintain the royal wave as she travels.  She's tardy for luncheons and openings.  She prefers discussing books with her tea party conversants rather than their method of travel.  Foreign dignitaries are unprepared as she discusses their nation's authors.  Walkies no longer include ball-throwing.<br /><br />Perhaps as Bennett shows the Queen becoming enamored with reading, the rest of the world will catch on.  So, turn off the TV, put away the iphone, unplug the Wii and pick up a book--or a kindle. Be encouraged, the thumbwriters of the world may yet discover adjectives and adverbs.  Meanwhile, buy this book, save it, savour it, quote it, and realize for yourself what an extraordinary gift it is to be able to read.
159448385X|4.0|4.5 out of 5 stars.    Like The Kite Runner, this novel is a moving tribute to Khaled Hosseni's ancestral homeland; but unlike the first novel, A Thousand Splendid Suns is weighted down with unrelenting tragedy.  The brutal story of two women suffering repeated loss and abuse in the war-torn, male-dominated world of 1980s - early 2000s Afghanistan is tough to get through.  There is little light in this novel, which gave the book a heaviness I found suffocating.    In fact, I almost put it down 200 pages in; but I kept going because I knew the writer had so many important things to say.  But it wasn't just the message, it was Hosseini's ability to dig dip into personal pathos and lift from it a story as powerful as his first novel.    I didn't \\"enjoy\\" this novel as much as The Kite Runner, but I have to give Hosseini credit for telling the story of Afghanistan in such a bold and humane way, for telling the story of those souls who have little voice for themselves.    Difficult and dark, this novel is also beautiful in its own way -- particularly the final thirty pages or so, where once again we see that human beings are capable of expressing profound love and compassion even in the midst of unspeakable brutality.
B0015DYIH2|3.0|This series is entertaining and engrossing. I'm okay with the resolution--after all, it's a fairy tale and it should have a happy ending.    However, it is not for \\"young readers\\" (note the publisher is Little, Brown Books for Young Readers). In fact, this book is not for young teens (12-14-year-olds). Although it does not have explicit sexual scenes, it does describe desire and sex between Edward and Bella as newly-marrieds. I really can't see a young teen making any sense of the emotions described, even if they watch a lot of sexually-charged TV.
B00275EGWY|3.0|I was expecting a great movie after this won a bunch of Oscars as when I've watched most of the previous best movie winners it's usually amazing. This movie was average, some interesting moments but still not something you will look back on as amazing. There where plenty of better pictures up for the award that deserved it but looks like it was a political decision to give the finger to Cameron. You want to see an amazing movie that was up for the award see Precious.
0525423842|2.0|Based on John Grisham's novels I had read in the past, I thought his mystery for middle school students would be a worthwhile read for young adults.  However, Grisham must have felt the need to oversimplify and to reduce his descriptions to sappy generalizations.  Perhaps Grisham should have tried to have a more accurate perception of his audience.  I would not recommend this book.
B001SGEUNI|5.0|I fell in love with Halestorm when I first heard \\"I Get Off\\" on the radio. I was then lucky enough to see them in concert at a small club and I am happy to say they are just as good live as they are on the cd. They are true musicians who can rock!
6305971935|5.0|thanks for continuing to carry old classics such as this one. I would rather pay for a dvd and have it to enjoy forever than pay the crazy prices at theatre. Not counting the $12 coke and $25 popcorn which is usually old ! Great job, I will continue to buy dvd's. gary....gardnerville nv
B001EN71CW|5.0|Love this series and it is quite possibly the biggest mistake fox ever made, canceling it.  Quality and sound are great.  Pick one up especially when on sale. Live on Serenity.
7885221660|3.0|Great movie but not as good as the first one (But that is standard with all sequels) After doing some research on who is IP MAN, You realise that Ip was 42 years old at the time of Japanese War in 1935 (Born 1893) and was fit enough to take on threats and keep the legacy of Wing Chun going. Dislikes, The English Subtitles in this film is really poor and when the British people speak English in this film, they still do not make sense. It feels as if they threw any words in there. Please wait until the official DVD comes out.
B003LXM1RS|5.0|Four years after their mediocre sophomore effort, Scissor Sisters is back. Between albums they lost a band member and scrapped an album that was 18-months in the making. Upset, Jake Shears flew to Berlin to escape for a while. He found more than solace there and became inspired by the nightlife in the busy city which in turn became the launching pad of what is arguably the best of their three albums.    What's inside is perfectly described by the Robert Mapplethorpe cover: sexy, dirty, playful. It's an album showcasing a band rediscovering the fun of their hungry years. Night Work could easily be considered a concept album, but feels more like a raunchy history of pop music lesson. The band, with the help of producer Stuart Price (Madonna, Kylie Minogue), have encapsulated 1977 - 1982 in nearly perfect chronological order as homage to the occupation of hitting the clubs. In other words, the night work.    The opening track is an overture to a suite of music easily made into an underground Broadway show. \\"Night Work\\" tells us why we're here while the next track -- \\"Whole New Way\\" -- chronicles Jake's trip to Berlin. When he sings, \\"I found a whole new way to love you...it's going to blow your mind but, if not, this time we're through,\\" he's not singing of a human relationship, but the one with his music-making abilities.    \\"Side 1 continues to take us through the 70s with songs that would make Disco Tex, Foxy and early B-52s proud. It also features background vocal turns by 80s icon Helen Terry on \\"Whole New Way,\\" Kylie Minogue on the excellent \\"Any Which Way,\\" and Santigold on \\"Running Out.\\" The second half is full of Kraftwerk, DEVO and Gary Numan in its journey through the early part of the 80s.    And when we arrive at the last track, \\"Invisible Light,\\" Del Marquis begins his Pink Floyd guitar and slowly the track builds into an epic disco song Donna Summer and Giorgio Moroder were famous for bringing into existence. It's the swirling decadence of an opiumden -- hyper, calming and dangerous all at the same time. Even Sir Ian McKellen shows up for some wickedness.    The only low spots are the bland, made-for-the-masses arrangements of \\"Fire With Fire\\" and \\"Skin Tight.\\" These two songs seem a bit out of place within the confides of an album filled with music that show the band having fun with their sound. Still they're the kind of songs you'd wish were on radio more often.    Night Work is a cocaine-induced night at Studio 54 in its prime. It's writhing pleasure mixed with sweat from physical exertion -- dance related or not. If only all history lessons were this fun.    You Have To Hear: Ana Matronic's hilarious cooing bridge on \\"Any Which Way.\\"
B002UXRGM0|5.0|thank goodness for a narrator who knows what they're talking about! no more ezell's chicken commentary.
B0002KPIQY|4.0|Gia is about a punker masculine energy biker girl who was turned into one of the world's top models. It is an introspective of how she deals with the people in the business and her relationships with a few individuals that she is intimate with. She is herself through all her dealings with them. She seems to not be intimated at all by people who may exude power or fame. Her manner starts out and stays pretty needy throughout the film until the end where she seems to be able to be with herself more and feel comfortable with that. Her main relationships are with her on and off again girlfriend, her best male friend, her agent, and her mother. She gets drawn into drugs yet does not really show much of her dealings with the drug world. It just shows her breakdown of spirit and her eventual suspended state of neediness of people than how it transfered to drugs. Of course she is beautiful but her personality is not about that and you tend to focus on who she is. The story shows exercepts of her journal writing and she tended to want to learn who she was but didn't want to be with herself for long periods of times. She was dependent on her intimate others. They were all flattered and enchanted by her attention but they were unable to fufill her neediness and this always led to the inbalance of the relationship. Thus her need for drugs turned out to be the next source of addiction. The clothes and makeup were fun to watch and added to the glamour of Angelina Jolie. The ending is sober and we get to see the strength behind the vulnerable girl that develops in her last years of her life. The things that I liked, intimate relationships, late nite dinners, closeness, being able to be yourself around all people, the strength of spirit, the modeling, the creativeness of styles, the richness and freedom, and the healing.
B000MGUZM0|4.0|So Arcade Fire's second album turned out to not be as good as their first, but that's okay because few things are. It's not revolutionary, but it's a solid, very listenable album. It's also a bit unexpected in some of its sounds. I really wasn't expecting the most obvious influence on this band from Canada to be Bruce Springsteen. They make all the songs their own, but there's no doubt they were inspired by various American acts that were prone to political messages, as they're no strangers to that here. Perhaps the biggest fault with the album is that it can't quite keep up its energy from the first half to the second. There's still good songs to be found there, it's just not as endlessly listenable as the beginning of this or the entirety of Funeral. I wouldn't really call it a disappointment, because I do think it's pretty darn good. It would just be nice if The Suburbs, which comes out this August, is a little more consistent. At least Neon Bible's jacket is a flip book.    In case you were wondering, the Springsteen influence is definitely felt in \\"Keep the Car Running\\", and especially \\"(Antichrist Television Blues)\\", which might as well have been written by him. They're both pretty enjoyable songs though. \\"Intervention\\" was the lead single, and has a nice energy to it, plus some of the better interplay between Win and Regine. She only gets one lead part this time, and it's only part of a medley called \\"Black Wave/Bad Vibrations\\". But that's a good song so it's okay. The opener \\"Black Mirror\\" has an odd feel to it, but I think it's a good way to get set for the rest of what's coming. \\"Ocean of Noise\\" and \\"Windowsill\\" are two of the weaker tracks, although they both have a couple things going for them. \\"No Cars Go\\" is a recreation of a song from their first EP, and a pretty damn catchy tune. \\"My Body Is a Cage\\" ends things, and while it's not perfect, I like what it does. They were definitely trying to do something different with this album, and I respect that even if it didn't come out as great as their last effort. They're certainly one of the more likable bands playing right now.
0393075966|5.0|A pretty clear reality check point of the values priorities and intentions of this nation.makes it very clear and easy to see why we ended up where we are,nice going America,game over.get off from your horse cowboy stop living in denial.
B0035WTE2U|5.0|I was very satisfied with the product that I ordered and will continue to enjoy it.
0785134352|5.0|\\"The first time I ogled myself in the bedroom mirror I realized how off the mark the comic books had been. It didn't take a trauma to make you wear a mask. It didn't take your parents getting shot, or cosmic rays, or a power ring. Just the perfect combination of loneliness and despair.\\"<br /><br />Yeah, you've heard the news by now. \\"Kick-Ass\\" kicks much indeed. Tons of it. It's ridiculous how much is kicked, really. Mark Millar is a psychopath. For a minute let us entertain the notion that I'm pitching a comic book to you and you are the great and powerful publisher contemptfully fanning yourself with hundred dollar bills as I, the writer, tell you what I plan to do with that money. I am going to create a comic book story about a stereotypical comic book nerd who decides to become a superhero who specializes in getting his rear end handed to him and in doing so I am going to tear into the medium the readers love, douse every page in so much blood that one will feel compelled to don raingear before opening each issue, and use language that could be considered a hate crime against political correctness and decency in every speech bubble. And oh yeah; there's a TEN YEAR OLD GIRL wantonly and brutally murdering people with swords throughout. How do you think it will sell, bossman?  Can I have that advance now? Okay, okay; I'm leaving! No need to be rough about it.<br /><br /> Well, I bought it. Kick-Ass may not be a cerebral philosophical masterpiece like Watchmen, a game-changing reinvention of the way classic characters are portrayed like The Dark Knight Returns, or be as bleak and unrelenting as The Walking Dead, but it does one thing better than most any comic I've ever read. Yeah, that thing it says on the cover. The tale of Kick-Ass is a loving satire/tribute to comic book culture and a commentary on modern popular culture as well. After one near-death experience pointlessly attempting to stop some graffiti artists, our hero gains fame on Youtube when a flailing melee with a group of thugs is captured on a bypasser's cell-phone.  This inspires other citizens to follow suit and indulge their inner geek and lots of garish comic cliches follow. Old-school meets new school when classical no-killing hero Kick-Ass meets the edgy vigilante executioner Hit Girl and her large father (known affectionately as Big Daddy).  Time for a reality check.<br /><br />The art is done by proficient Marvel artist John Romita Jr. and while it's not exactly revolutionary or eye-popping, it is exceptional where it counts: in personality and gore.  Millar's writing is witty and filled with pop-culture references and hilarious dialogue. He even invents a new swear; a male version of the aforementioned dreaded C-word. Tunk. It catches on fast and can even be used as a verb. If you are cool, you will find a place for it in your daily vocabulary. Make it so.  Highlights include Kick-Ass being mistaken for a flasher, Big Daddy and Hit Girl's definition of a Democrat (which is painfully true) punctuated by a sweet headshot from a sniper rifle, a protagonist who has no qualms threatening a group of mobsters while still pulling up his own pants, and Kick-Ass's pathetic origin story juxtaposed in one panel with the classical vengeance angle.<br /><br />Kick-Ass doesn't do quite as much as I was hoping considering the GOAT hype around it, but issue-for-issue it mops the floor with most everything that is out there. And with a higher nerd-reference count than any comic I've read, this one is a definite winner if you know even the first thing about the medium and is about as graphic as graphic novels come so don't buy it for the kids. And yes, friends, there will be a sequel.<br /><br /> So here's the truth of it and the moral of our story. Superheroes and vigilantes are really a lame idea when taken literally. But as pathetic as our little escapist fantasies are, they help define who we are as people, what's right and wrong, and they inspire us to change our world. As vehicles for metaphor and allegory, you cannot beat comic books. Just don't go out and try to live them out 'kay?  This is a definitive graphic novel not to be missed. Somebody should make a movie out of it or something....egory, you cannot beat comic books. Just don't go out and try to live them out 'kay?  This is a definitive graphic novel not to be missed. Somebody should make a movie out of it or something....
B001RCD2DW|5.0|These headphones are the best that I've owned.  Sound is clear and accurate, comfort is long lasting, and construction is solid.
B000003TA4|2.0|Why is this album considered brillant?    A:  Because is sold 10 million copies in the U.S., and 26 million copies worldwide;  36,000,000 total.  The album promoted the Grunge movement in Seattle...  It features great melodies, because Kurt Cobain placed music before lyrics.  It is the best selling Alternative Rock album...  Is that it?  I think so...    Out of all honesty, why does an album like this become considered the 17th greatest album of all time (check: 500 Greatest albums of all time by Rolling Stone)?  It's sad that albums like this acquire, so much attention.  Beggars Banquet isn't as good as this album???  OK Computer?  The Dead Side of the Moon???      A candid review from a Radiohead/Pink Floyd listener.      Would you say I'm too harsh musicially?  If so, would concur with Pitchfork Media,\\"Anyone who hates this record today is just trying to be cool, and needs to be trying harder.\\"
B002VPE1YS|5.0|It's somewhat difficult to wax enthusiastic or even think about something simple and utilitarian like this - until you need one! Normally, when you realize that you could really use a small carrying case, what do you do? If you're like me, you run off to the \\"Dollar Store\\" where, if you're lucky, you'll find something which MAY last a few months (if that).<br /><br />This [[ASIN:B002VPE1YS AmazonBasics Quilted Case for Small Electronics Including Cameras, Mobile Phones, GPS Units (Black)  [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging]]] may cost somewhat more than what you'll find at the \\"Dollar Store\\" but, as far as I can determine, it will greatly outlast anything you'll find there. In my opinion it represents good value for money, certainly far better value that those \\"Dollar Store\\" items. (It even comes with a one-year warranty!) It is what I'll be using from now on.<br /><br />It is nicely made, nicely padded, has a useful draw-string, and has a small cut-out at the top which allows easy access to any tightly fitting item carried. It has a detachable belt-clip. Someone wrote that it is \\"not attractive looking.\\" I say, \\"who cares?\\" It's attractive enough for what it is - you won't be embarrassed if you're seen carrying it! Its form follows its function and I think that that is sufficient.<br /><br />How large is it? Contrary to one other review, it does indeed hold a [[ASIN:B002DN928S Garmin n&uuml;vi 285W/285WT 4.3-Inch Widescreen Bluetooth Portable GPS Navigator with Traffic]] quite easily (with some room to spare). But I am not using it for that purpose; currently, I am storing my [[ASIN:B00020S7XK Sony ICF-S10MK2 Pocket AM/FM Radio, Silver]] which *JUST* fits. (This radio did not come with a case.) And that cut-out I mentioned makes it easy to retrieve the radio.<br /><br />Of course you can use it for anything you like - cell phone, small camera, small toys for a baby, your keys, etc., etc., etc., ad infinitum, and my use of it is subject to change. (No one says you have to use it for one thing only! - And at its low price, anyone can afford more than one.)<br /><br />A bonus is AmazonBasic's \\"frustration-free\\" packaging. Though you DO need an implement to open it, an ordinary letter-opener, a pocket or kitchen knife, or even the edge of a coin is all you need. (IF you have sharp fingernails - I do not - that may work too!) In any case, this packaging is FAR superior to the usual plastic wrapping which requires heavy-duty scissors, much muscle, and a LOT of language which should not be heard in polite company.<br /><br />The five-star rating I give to this item is in view of its intended purposes. For those purposes, I highly recommend this product. Buy a few pending the time you need one.<br /><br />===================================================================================================================================<br /><br />Update: December 8, 2010<br /><br />I like this case so much that I took my own advice and bought a couple more, one for current use, the other as a spare. They arrived today. You just can't go wrong with this very well-made case.<br /><br />For whatever it's worth, I REALLY like AmazonBasics products. All the ones I have purchased are, in my opinion, well-made, fairly priced, and offer very good value for money.And at its low price, anyone can afford more than one.)    A bonus is AmazonBasic's \\"frustration-free\\" packaging. Though you DO need an implement to open it, an ordinary letter-opener, a pocket or kitchen knife, or even the edge of a coin is all you need. (IF you have sharp fingernails - I do not - that may work too!) In any case, this packaging is FAR superior to the usual plastic wrapping which requires heavy-duty scissors, much muscle, and a LOT of language which should not be heard in polite company.    The five-star rating I give to this item is in view of its intended purposes. For those purposes, I highly recommend this product. Buy a few pending the time you need one.    ===================================================================================================================================    Update: December 8, 2010    I like this case so much that I took my own advice and bought a couple more, one for current use, the other as a spare. They arrived today. You just can't go wrong with this very well-made case.    For whatever it's worth, I REALLY like AmazonBasics products. All the ones I have purchased are, in my opinion, well-made, fairly priced, and offer very good value for money.
B003EV6DBM|1.0|OK, sure, it's the new Doctor Who, but. . .they should have just retired it when David Tennant left. BORING. What happened???  I've TRIED to like it, but he's just too lame, too pale, overly animated, and the music is usually too loud to understand the dialogue! No, I won't be buying this series. I'm sure Matt Smith is a nice kid, but he's too young, too stiff, and just not experienced enough to do The Doctor.<br /><br />I'm sorry, kid, but. . .go back to university or something, OK?
B000HC2LI0|5.0|I had been looking for the whole series for a long time, because I couldn't get myself to pay $150 to $300 for the set.  I found individual seasons for around $50, which seemed outrageous to me.  Then Amazon sent me an add for the whole series for just under $100 and I couldn't pass it up.  This is one of the smartest series ever on tv.  When I watched originally, I felt like I got smarter with every episode.  When I began sharing the series with my girlfriend she felt the same way.  Great purchase!  Thanks Amazon!
B001TK3XOA|5.0|If every human being understood and lived by the information contained in A NEW EARTH, humanity would not be on the verge of extinction by its own hand as it is now. Eckhart Tolle does an excellent job of laying out the inner workings of the ego as he describes how and why our dark, ego-side seeks to manipulate us all the time to prevent us from finding peace.  This is fundamental information every person can use to expand their awareness of self and the universe around us regardless of whether they are religious or not.  Tolle's work represents a potential leap of awareness for humanity and as a practicing Tibetan Buddhist following the path of the Bodhisattva I highly recommend it to all seekers of truth and wisdom.<br /><br />Michael James Jaquish<br />Author: A Monk Without A Monastery, NAMASTE: Greeting The Light Within and  Where Did We Come From?<br />[[ASIN:1452877769 A Monk Without A Monastery: An Examination of Self-Discovery]]<br />[[ASIN:1453616926 Where Did We Come From?: And Where Are We Going?]]<br />[[ASIN:1453607455 Namaste: Greeting The Light Within: An Introduction To Buddhism for Young and Old]]
B0039UTDFG|4.0|I can't say this lived up to what I was expecting after the Planet Earth series, not sure if its the 1080i issue or not.  Some of the shots just didn't look as good as planet earth. That said, I'm still glad I purchased the series. Plenty of information, wonderful pictures in HD and only $25. May look at the other version through netflex.
006145205X|3.0|It's an OK book but not as good as the earlier ones (GENOME is by far the best). I've still to finish it (but I will) and it is not a page turner. But he writes well. While I agree things are a lot better than they were, human nature is still much the same and I am not convinced that people are any happier.
0525423842|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this new approach to his tried and true law novels.  I smell a series!
B0029O08WA|5.0|Glad to have gotten the soundtrack for New Moon (finally) and to find one in such GREAT condition!  I was extremely pleased!  Additionally, it arrived within a matter of days, and I was also pleased with that.
B00092ZL80|5.0|We started to watch the DVD on Saturday night.  All was going well....actully, all was amazing....what a great DVD full of multi-talented musicians.....but then the DVD froze.  We did all the stuff one does when this type of thing happens but nothing worked.  Don't know yet if it's the DVD or the player that is causing the problem.  Will check the DVD on another player and see.    But so far, the show is just great!    Thanks, Amazon.
1582701709|5.0|I purchased this product due the recommendation of a friend and, though I am not quite finished it yet, I can tell you that it is an absolutely amazing book!  It arrived fairly quickly and I was extremely satisfied with the condition of the book.  I'm happy!
031606792X|1.0|I vow to keep this short.    I am far outside the target audience for this book, being a male over the age of 50.  I was interrupted while reading \\"Les Miserables\\" by my wife, who stole that book away and left \\"Twilight\\" in its place.  Knowing well the taste of futility, I didn't bother to object but went ahead to read the work \\"assigned\\" to me.    The first three books were okay, plot heavy as opposed, really, to being character driven, but I was a bit intrigued by the triangle (Bella-Edward-Jacob) and the feeling that the author, a Mormon, might have an interesting twist up her sleeve.    This third book dispelled that notion.    After Bella's transformation, which I viewed as a horrific mistake on the part of the author, I had little desire to finish the book, but did so out of a feeling of obligation.    Many, many others here have made clear their disappointment in the ending, so I won't bother to wax on about how perfunctory it seemed and how cheated I felt.  Instead I will go right to this:    Transforming Bella into a vampire was a terrible error.  This should never have happened.  Bella's endearing and flawed humanity is pretty much her only real character trait besides her attraction to Edward.  She should never have been transformed into a monster (vampires *are* monsters, soulless and immortal beings, cursed never to sleep, eat, procreate or to be human in any way...they are simulacra, animated corpses that only appear to be living).    Another problem involves Edward and Jacob and seems to me a problem rooted in Meyers' writing style.  We are told, over and over, how beautiful Edward is, how strong, how magnificent, but we are *shown*, in scene after scene, that it is Jacob who is ready to do anything, sacrifice anything, even his life, for Bella.  For me, being shown is always more powerful than being told.  In the end, I thought that Jacob had proven himself the more worthy of the two suitors.    If we were dealing with a property - and the \\"Twilight\\"series *is* a property, one that has made tremendous amounts of money for the author, her publisher, movie studios and so on - that was not explosively popular, perhaps Jacob could have won the day, but, unless this was done carefully and over time in the books, this final twist could not happen without myriad \\"Twilight\\" fans revolting.    In summary:    Bella should have chosen Jacob over Edward, based on the \\"show not tell\\" rule.    Bella should have chosen humanity and mortality with Jacob - no, not that initial and heady \\"first crush\\" but a solid and more mature choice.  This would have been, to me, far more satisfying, poignant, and life affirming than the awful mishmash we were given instead.    From the very many happy and positive reviews here, I am in the minority in having these views.
B000LAZDQA|4.0|was not porn - just a good indie type film with a twist, enjoyed it, it reminded me of Chain Of Desire which is a great film which it was a little more on the traditional side, where Shortbus went out side the box, I hope for more films like this.
1594202559|5.0|There are over 8400 hedge funds in the world today. Despite a worldwide economic downturn, the managers of the top 25 hedge funds made over $400 million each. Hedge funds are actually set up to reduce risk, but just about every fund is focused on maximizing a hefty return on investment.<br /><br />Money can be made in this lucrative venture and Sebastian Mallaby, will give you an education you won't find in any college. If you want to make a million, don't talk to an economic professor, go talk with a millionaire. If you want to make money with hedge funds, buy this book and do what Sebastian Mallaby tells you to do.<br /><br />James Garton<br />Author of:  25 Ways to Make Money Online
0143038419|1.0|I really wanted to like this book and sadly found that I just couldn't finish it. Rarely do I quit on a book (I think this is the third time in my life) as I always hope that weak stories will grow and get better by the end. I did not read any reviews before checking it out from my local library. Boy, am I glad I didn't waste my money on it!  I didn't even get beyond her time in Italy before I found myself disgusted with the story and wondering why I was wasting valuable relaxation time reading about this shallow New Yorker's pathetic idea of self-realization. I am sorry to say that I found this author to be boring and her personality unlikeable. How Hollywood found enough value in this book to make a movie is beyond my comprehension. I would say if you really want to try reading it, check it out from the library before spending your money on it.
1603425381|5.0|I crochet lots of afghans -- for family, friends, and charity (Project Linus) -- and am always mixing and matching blanket and border patterns, and sometimes looking for a unique idea for finishing off an afghan of my own design. After buying and being somewhat disappointed in several other books of crocheted borders, I think I've found just the one with \\"Around the Corner.\\" This book has a great variety of edgings, from tailored to frilly and everything in between -- many of them different from any I've seen. The book is organized beautifully, with one border and its instructions on facing pages, allowing me to easily flip through and browse until I find just the one I want. Though, of course, spiral binding would be wonderful, at least the pages lie fairly flat because of the publication's horizontal format. And, the yarn colors selected are rich and harmonious so that they inspire.
B001GKJ2FM|5.0|I love this movie!! must have watched it at least a 100+ times in the last 2 weeks.
6305128952|5.0|Beautiful movie. I have always dreamed of going to the mountains in Montana, but haven't got a chance. So I borrowed this movie to quench my desire.
039472903X|5.0|Reading Ogilvy on Advertising is an invaluable experience for anyone in advertising or marketing.  Though it was written decades before iphones, the information is solid and timeless.  The foundations of the primary marketing platforms; television, newspapers and magazines are crumbling under the onslaught of the web.  People are much harder to reach and influence en mass than ever before and one click carries them away at the speed of light.  Advertising as an industry is struggling to reinvent itself and the best way to do this is to study the ads that really worked and why they worked.  Ogilvy was a genius at creating things you wanted to look at and read.  There was always an excitement in his work.  He didn't just show you a product, he made you want to be a part of the adventure his product could produce, whether he was selling you beer or a trip to Bermuda.  My favorite is the Guinness Guide to Oysters, ignore the wording, what this ad says is \\"you have choices\\", the text isn't as important as the implied message, \\"Guinness drinkers make their own choices\\", it is branding at its best because the buyer feels he's in control.  If you posted this on the net today it would still sell a lot of beer.  If you read this book you will sell more of anything you choose because this book will teach you how to reach your market.  If you're into \\"belly to belly\\" and \\"fear\\" selling this book is probably not for you.  Ogilvy also discusses personal ethics which is interesting for an Ad man.  What I found most impressive about the book was that Ogilvy managed to do a great job of selling the product while not selling his soul.
B000LE1GVW|4.0|Arrived on time and in excellent condition.  Don't care for this CD as much as These Streets.
0780631684|5.0|this may not be the best of the FD's but it's still outstanding and is a must see BEFORE u see #2 or the rest. great action, impressive suspense - and wait til the end.<br /><br />6 stars out of 5.
B0000C5RQF|4.0|Ok, I'm a newbie to Opera, and this is the first one I have owned and only the third I have seen. I'll do my best to review this product, and, as always, I welcome any recommendations or help from someone on pointing me to the right path.    Anyways, I'd say this is worth your buck. The audio/video quality is excellent for both the DVD and Blu-Ray versions and it looks quite pretty on your screen.    As for the staging, the set-design is also nice (I have no issue with the dark atmosphere, I think it works well with the humor and story, and in these days of \\"Regietheater\\" it's amazingly conservative) and to mein humble ears, it all sounds well too. I've since watched other Papageno's and from what I've seen, I can certainly agree with the other reviewers that Keenlyside is most definitely the best Papageno on DVD. He steals the show effortlessly, and everything that comes out of his throat is damn-near perfection. He is charming, sweet, and with just the right bit of melodrama. He is everything Papageno should be and was meant to be.    Now, here's where we get to the criticism. Most of the other's are decent, but can be a little pale and boring (Damrau is also an exception, but she only has, what, 10 minutes of stage-time?), but they're still totally watchable and, most importantly, listenable. I just don't see too many stars among them. Keenlyside and Damrau have the power behind them while the others just don't match up in comparison. To be fair, this is intended by the Opera itself.    All in all, this would still stand as a triumph, with everything, on average, being quite exellent. The relative uncharm of Hartmann's Tamino compared to Keenlyside's charming Papageno is no serious defect and is hardly noticeable. It's simply that Keenlyside is so great that he overshadows the rest of the main cast. The glaring and eye-gougingly bad problem with this production (and why it gets 4 and not 5 stars) is with Papagena's clothing. Her pink, retro-inspired outfit clashes horribly with the rest of the set and with what everyone else is wearing. It destroys any sort of visual relation of Papageno with Papagena and makes her character appear as an out-of date hag. We should feel happy for Papageno, not concerned for his life. It's even more disgusting because the actress obviously deserved better. I have no idea how she was able to perform in such an atrocious matter and dressed as she was. If it weren't for her design, the designer(s?) should have been given a medal, now they deserve to be shot, or at least ostracized.
0321525655|3.0|One of the recommendations in this book, apparently drawn from Japanese wisdom, is to stop eating before you're full. It applies to presentations, to design... and to bookwriting too. The book begins very promisingly and it should certainly be read by many people around the world who are delivering boring, pointless and ugly Power Point presentations right now. But then the author forgets its own advice and goes on,and on,and on... long after he has finished saying everything relevant he had to say. In short, I think you should read it. But when you feel you've read almost enough, just drop it.
B0030IIZ3S|5.0|My daughter was thrilled that I bought the blue Ray edition. They do not have a Bue Ray player but the plane first Toy Story disc is all scratched.  Young children aren't careful. Now she hopes to get one next christmas.  When Toy Story 3 comes out and I can afford it will buy it here.  I like Amazon.  Had to have it shipped to my home and drive them down to Millville (25 miles).  Don't blame Amazon since they probably have had problems shipping to unknown shoppers.  I hope to be able to ship directrly to my daughter next time.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I love this book. The love between Bella, Edward and Nessie. Jacob started to love Nessie too. This book is very heart warming and happy at the end. For first time readers of this book they will love it when they are done with the book. I hope they will not cut out the scene where Bella gets bitten.
B000J233SK|5.0|Great music, and great speedy delivery of CD. Marco Polo is great for Middle East Dance, other pieces are great to listen to.
B002HFP0QU|5.0|If you only have one Bee Gees CD, this is it. Great collection of all their best known songs and I few I dont remember ever hearing.
B000RIWAYY|5.0|I love this CD so much that I've given it away and bought another one. Spreading the 'sound' as it were. Joe is my hero and his music really makes my spirit soar. When I listen I'm in another world. The BEST!
B003C1QIO6|5.0|Once I read the background story on the album I was sold. This adds to his already amazing collection of songs. A must for any Jack Johnson lover.
B001AEF6BI|5.0|This is such a great movie! It went into the lives of five different teenagers and had great character development. Great acting! Great quotable lines! This is one of my favorite movies!
B002HWRYJE|4.0|I reluctantly watched this movie on the recomendation of a friend. I was prepared not to like it. I was surprised that the film works well even if you completely disregard the Trekky interests about who came from where or how anything got started. Good sci-fi action flick.
B000O77SOK|1.0|SHAME ON U, FOX, FOR NOT RELEASING THE OTHER SEASONS. THIS DVD COLLECTION DOES NOT EVEN INCLUDE THE FULL SEASON 2, BUT ONLY THE FIRST HALF OF IT. IT MAKES ABSOLUTELY NO SENSE BECAUSE 'THE PRACTICE' WAS SO WELL-WRITTEN & HAD SUCH A HIGH VIEWERSHIP. do your job, studio monkeys!!!!!!!!
B0024FADAQ|4.0|Your company sent me an American DVD region of this DVD when I clearly live in Australia. I had to recode the DVD to watch it on my Australian DVD players.    Please make sure your company checks the DVD region before sending it to Australia.    Thanks    Steve
B00127RAJY|5.0|A little about me; I'm 25, female, six feet tall, and, while not obese, definitely not the amazon goddess I could be. I've never really been in shape in my life; I had low self-esteem all through my childhood and adolescence that left me severely out of shape. While I'm in a much better place now (married to a fantastic guy for three years and working my dream job), I'm still not quite where I want to be. My goal isn't to get a supermodel body, but to simply look good in whatever I want to wear and, more importantly, lead a long, healthy, happy life.    I admit I was a bit worried about this DVD. It's got a reputation for being incredibly tough, and I wasn't sure I'd be able to do it. Certainly there were many times during the twenty minutes each level comprises that I wanted to keel over and die, but I did manage to complete Level One. Make no mistake, however; just because each level is only 20 minutes doesn't mean it's a walk in the park. If you can't or won't work out for hours a day (I certainly don't), then you need to expect the workouts you DO take part in to be hard and relentless. Otherwise, what's the point?    An interesting addition to the routine is that Jillian's two backup girls both do modified versions of the exercises; one of them deliberately does slightly easier versions to show beginners how to get started without hurting themselves, while the other pushes each exercise to the limit with harder variations. Beginners will likely appreciate the instruction since the workout is so intense. Some exercises, however, have no modifications; as Jillian points out, for example, she has 400 pound people who can do a jumping jack, so so can you.    Jillian is actually at her most aggressive in this DVD; whereas in No More Trouble Zones, for example, her tone is very light and chipper, she comes across more as though she means business here. She makes an important point that people are encouraged to be complacent, and told that just \\"taking the stairs\\" once in a while is enough. That's a good first step, but it's not going to change your lifestyle. I actually found it very inspiring, and each time I felt my energy flag, I forced through it.     I'm only at Level One, and my first time through there were multiple times when I felt like I should just quit; the pace is fast and relentless, and less than halfway through my muscles were already trembling with exertion. I kept through, however, and finishing was incredibly satisfying, even if I could barely move after. Don't get me wrong; I'm nowhere NEAR ready for Level Two, let alone Level Three, but I'll get there.    I cycle this DVD with Banish Fat, Boost Metabolism and No More Trouble Zones for 5 days a week, and I'm definitely seeing results already. My husband doesn't \\"like\\" Jillian as far as her personality goes, but he adores her for what she's done for me; she's become a role model, and I've found a lot of motivation through her exercise routines that have brought about dramatic results. I'm on my way to being healthier and happier, and with some discipline, support from my husband, and Jillian's high-intensity workouts, I'm going to get there sooner rather than later.    Best advice: Keep water nearby. You are going to SWEAT if you are doing this properly, and staying hydrated will do wonders for your stamina. I also recommend having something small to eat beforehand, like an apple or a banana, to help boost your energy. If you need to, as Jillian advises, take a five second breather . If you feel dizzy, or in pain, STOP. The DVD cannot read your mind, and it doesn't know what medical conditions you have, or what shape you're in, so it can't tell you if you're doing something wrong, or whether you should be doing a particular exercise based on your body's issues. Exercise common sense about your health, and don't feel silly about consulting your doctor if you need to. Take things slow, but don't be afraid to try, and you'll see results.
B003HLM2QO|1.0|Well I think the new album from Ozzy has a lot to say and it starts with go and get Zakk back.  Ozzy much respect and we all must try somthing new but your guitar player lacks the passion of playing for Ozzy Osbourne.  He is a great guitar player and will go far with the touring publicty from you but the songs lack passion. When you had Jake E Lee it was great he  had passion  for the band and song writing and wanted to carry forward the band and then you found Zakk wich he was a big fan of Randy Rhoads he is the reason I picked up an Axe and to this day he is a God. Ozzy good luck on this tour and alot of fans will see you this year but I won't be one, and I am sure alot of people feel the same.  Good luck always wish you the best but bring back Zakk how could you part with a guitar player like him we are all questioning it.......
B001LF347E|5.0|Bought this because my husband and I got caught up in the series on television and wanted to have unanswered questions filled in for us.  Many of our questions did not get answered and it seems like the story was just kind a \\"started\\" out of nowhere.  We are still glad we bought it but would rather have just rented it or bought it second hand.
B0036EH3X4|1.0|I loved Lost with all my heart. But the last season was an insult. Don't let those guys have any more of your money. They are only in it for money now, as you can clearly see. Don't fall for it. And by the way: No, it wasn't about redemption or character resolution, it was a joke. To those that believed into the little pre-finale promo tour: They are probably still laughing at you right now.
B003KUSUG8|5.0|Eminem has taken his hat off, put some nice jeans on, and writes a seriously proficient album. I was completely ready to be disappointed once I unwrapped this Cd since the quality and content of Eminem's work has diminished since the Eminem Show back in 2002. I greatly respect the fact that multiple times on this CD he admits how diminished the quality of his music has been the past four years. The only source of optimism that lingered is the track's he's appeared on with other artists such as Drake and Lil Wayne over the past few years. The Tim Westwood Freestyle in early 2009 that Eminem preformed paved a realistic road for what this Cd is like. I'd give \\"Recovery's\\" effort, content, quality, and overall appeal a 98% score out of 100%. Because of this CD my faith in Mr. Mathers is once again restored. Favorite tracks: Talkin 2 Myself, Going Through Changes, Love The Way You Lie, Won't Back Down and Spacebound. This album just shows how much time can change people for the better, not always the worse. My best friend was shot and killed a year ago this month, so I can relate to what Eminem illustrates emotionally and lyrically in this record.  With the content of this album it seems that he's opening multiple doors at the same time rather than closing them. I'm very impressed that Eminem is finally clean and approaching trial and tribulations through a new pair of eyes. I'm also impressed to see Em continuing to collaborate with Travis Barker (live version of Won't Back Down and Love the Way You Lie) and at the same time collaborating with a vast array of other artists he hasn't collaborated with before. Anything is possible for Eminem's musical career after this album.
0385504225|5.0|\\"The Lost Symbol,\\" like the author's other books, is remarkably suspenseful and exciting while revealing little known facts about religion, history and science, all woven together to provide a whole new perspective.<br /><br />It takes the reader on a tour of the Ancient Mysteries and their importance for modern American life. With different characters representing different views -- the doubter, the scientist, the believer, the evil one, the religious one, and so forth -- the Freemason symbolism  underlying the architecture of the Governmental buildings of Washington D.C. are revealed and discussed, along with the continuing influence of Freemasonry in the government.<br /><br />Full of surprises and fascinating ideas, this long and very relevant book is well worth reading, and I heartily recommend it as a great modern work.<br /><br />Whether or not the ideas behind it interest you particularly, its quality as a work of fiction is so high and rare that you will find it a wonderful read in any case.
B0000D8HDF|5.0|This 6 CD box set devoted by renowned virtuoso Cyprien Katsaris to the Liszt's mighty transcriptions of the nine Beethoven symphonies is - in my opinion - a must for all those who succumb to charms of grand pianistic displays and love both great composers involved therein. For this set has all you have come to expect from such a repertory performed by such a great pianist, and even more. The outcome is amazing, literally breathtaking throughout, haunting, hair rising at times (all the first movement of \\"Eroica\\").    First, there are the wondrous transcriptions - a revelation! Boldly Lisztian, but so respectful to the original orchestral scores they were inspired by. Assuming to translate into a keyboard language not only their Beethovenian spirit, their incomparable mood, but also their chromatic combinations or particular instruments effects, the transcriptions succeed even in keeping the tiniest detail unblurred and retrieving the finer melodic lines. Full of bravura, unfolding magisterially the strong contrasts of the originals, imbued with irreconcilable tensions (initial Allegro con brio of the Symphony No.5) or serene lyrical soaring (in Adagio molto cantabile of the Symphony No.9, Andante molto moto of SymphonyNo.6 \\"Pastoral\\"), these transcriptions do full justice to Beethoven. On the other hand, they confirm Berlioz's assertion regarding the concept of \\"piano orchestra\\".    Second, they offer a juicy means for interpreter's musical and technical skills to show off. Regarding Cyprien Katsaris, I must praise his qualities, his aptness to the spirit of the scores. There is in his virtuosic performing style a lot of stamina and an unfailing joy of immersing in such a great music. As I heard, he faced successfully the huge challenge of performing these symphony-transcriptions even in live concerts. Demanding, but - I suppose - thrilling experience both for the soloist and the lucky audience! If in the original version, each compartments of the orchestra alternatetheir interventions, the pianist has to supply all these effects by continuously work the keys, by unceasing concentration and high-voltage of his rendition. Bravo Cyprien Katsaris! Highly recommended!
B002ZG99CM|5.0|I can understand why most people don't like remakes, mainly because they grew up on the original and find the remake to be a discrace to the original. But this movie deserves almost 5 stars from me, I rate this movie 4.5 due to some of the lacking of the storyline I kinda thought they rushed it a little.<br /><br />The whole storyline was alot different from the original where a mother and a son move to china due to dre parker's (jayden smith) mother getting transfered to another job over there. But sadly dre gets bullied tourmented and beaten by a gang of karate experts who challenge him to a karate tournament and only dre's hope is his karate expert maintnence man Mr. Han (jackie chan) who is his karate teacher who turnes dre into the perfect karate kid to fight back in self defense and to beat the bullies back and win the tournament.<br /><br />Overall: Great movie I don't care what close minded people think of this movie I think some remakes deserve a chance.
B0024FAR5M|4.0|THIS PRODUCT WAS FOR MY HUSBAND FOR FATHERS DAY, AND HE LOVED IT. HE HAS WATCHED IT SEVERAL TIMES AND HAS ENJOYED EVERY TIME. IT WAS SHIPPED ON A TIMELY MANNER AND IN VERY GOOD CONDITION WHEN IT WAS RECEIVED.
B002LFPAUC|5.0|If you haven't seen \\"Fawlty Towers,\\" you are in for a treat. And if you have, this new set means you are in for a treat as well, with John Cleese's commentary. It's probably the most insightful DVD commentary I've ever heard, as Cleese, 30 years later, shows point by point how he and Connie Booth polished the scripts and how he thinks the writing, the performance or the direction could have been improved. You'll find he is a tough critic of his own work, but at some points he can't help it, the pride shines through at having created these miniature masterpieces. Watch each episode as broadcast first, then watch it again with the commentary on, and you'll learn a lot if you're so inclined. It's a master class in comedy writing. Or just sit back, hit \\"play\\" and laugh yourself hoarse. The only comparison is to early Marx Brothers or perhaps some of the great \\"I Love Lucy\\" episodes. Cleese's goal was to create, not a typical sitcom, but a classic farce, and he succeeded. In 2001 I was visiting the UK and there was one of those pop culture countdown shows on one of the TV channels, \\"The 100 Greatest TV Characters.\\" Cleese's Basil Fawlty came in #2 behind Homer Simpson.
B003FK8V7G|5.0|I've purchased some terrific albums this year: New Pornographers, Hold Steady, Drive By Truckers and more... But American Slang is start-to-finish the best I've heard all year. Do yourself a favor, check it out and get it. Amazing rock and roll.
B003LXM1RS|4.0|'Night Work' is the third album from The Scissor Sisters and is probably the best showing from the group so far.  As you can tell from the `cheeky' album art, the group takes a bit of a different approach with this new release. `Night Work' remains true to their core - 70s/80s inspired dance music that at times appeals to their GLBT audiences - but it's far more consistent than their past albums. Every track fits with the rest of the album, where on past releases the tracks always felt a bit random and coming from too many different genres and backgrounds. If you're looking for music you can dance to, `Night Work' is going to be for you.<br />It's important to note that the group worked with the producer du jour - Stuart Price. He's worked with Madonna on her [[ASIN:B000B8QEZG Confessions on a Dance Floor]] album and on Kylie Minogue's new release [[ASIN:B003IPC5SO Aphrodite]] that's due out in a few weeks. If Stuart Price is good for anything it's putting together an album that feels like a non-stop dance party. His work with the Scissor Sisters really helped to make a more cohesive album and bring the group more into the mainstream. They definitely did not lose their edge: `Night Work' feels like their past albums in that the music feels dated and as if it belongs more so in the '80s than it does in the 2000s. It still feels somewhat aimed at alternative audiences but this release is full of really good dance tracks.<br /><br />The Good: There aren't any real slow songs beyond the album's first single \\"Fire with Fire\\" and in many ways, each track keeps the party and music going from start to finish without many interruptions. The guitar-licked ridden title track \\"Night Work\\" is all about leaving the work week behind and getting into the party mindset. From there the album musically charts the course through partying, love, relationships. There are a lot of fun new things that Stuart Price managed to bring out from the group: Jake Shears goes from singing in a staccato robotic manner on the track \\"Something Like This\\", like a Bee-Gee in a higher register on \\"Any Which Way\\" and even debuts a rather low and sensual vibe on \\"Harder You Get\\". Ana Matronic's vocals also are great on this release as she coos over the provocative lyrics of \\"Skin This Cat.\\" Really, there's something to like about all the tracks on this release, which is rare for any release these days. It helps that each track pretty much fades and blends into the next, giving the album and overall consistent vibe that I've always felt was lacking from the group's other two studio albums. I also liked that the music felt far more focused, controlled and a bit more mainstream. The group feels as if has made an album not just for their core fans but for anyone looking to dance and have a good time. The lack of the typical ballads makes for a carefree 45 or so minutes of fun music.<br /><br />The Bad: I actually have few complaints about this release other than minor gripes about a few of the tracks. \\"Fire with Fire\\", the first single, doesn't really vibe with the rest of the album. It's not at all representative of the real heart of the album or even the style of the songs featured on 'Night Work'. I also felt \\"Invisible Light\\" sort of felt out of sync with the rest of the album. It still has something of a dance vibe but it's far darker, sinister and a bit reminiscent of Michael Jackson's \\"Thriller\\" due in part to Sir Ian McKellan's voice over. The lyrics and words of the song felt really far fetched and ends the album on a bit of an awkward note. Beyond that, I will say that it took two or three listens before the album really clicked with me. After the first listen, I really wasn't impressed but I started picking up on a lot of the themes, lyrics and overall growth the group made between the last album [[ASIN:B000HCO8IQ Ta-Dah]] and this release.<br /><br />'Night Work' is a great dance album that's reminiscent of everything fun from the big memorable hits of the 1980s pop/dance music era. The album as a whole is very strong and tracks are cohesive - while not all of the tracks are great or even good - none of them feel completely left-field and random like on past releases. This is still a Scissor Sisters album even if it's a bit more commercial and mainstream: the group's songs still deal with love (and yes, at times love between a man and a man, a woman and a woman) but there's just something all embracing about this album where it doesn't feel it's just exclusively for their gay or lesbian audience. It's a fun record with no slow, depressing ballads. If you're looking for a great party album or music you can dance to, pick up `Night Work'.<br /><br />Listen to These: \\"Skin This Cat\\", \\"Skin Tight\\", \\"Harder You Get\\", \\"Something Like This\\"album as a whole is very strong and tracks are cohesive - while not all of the tracks are great or even good - none of them feel completely left-field and random like on past releases. This is still a Scissor Sisters album even if it's a bit more commercial and mainstream: the group's songs still deal with love (and yes, at times love between a man and a man, a woman and a woman) but there's just something all embracing about this album where it doesn't feel it's just exclusively for their gay or lesbian audience. It's a fun record with no slow, depressing ballads. If you're looking for a great party album or music you can dance to, pick up `Night Work'.    Listen to These: \\"Skin This Cat\\", \\"Skin Tight\\", \\"Harder You Get\\", \\"Something Like This\\"
0525423842|5.0|This is an excellent book for all ages. The script is well written. The language is clean. I will give this book to my granddaughter to read. She is only 10 but will appreciate the \\"problems\\" young Theo faces as he keeps his word yet finds resolution to the tangled plot against his alien friend at the golf course. Phyllis
B002HNA95E|3.0|This is a shockingly bad compilation from Madonna and or her record company executives.  I am truly disappointed with this release, the track listing the cover art and the general haphazad way it seems to have been put together. Considering Madonna is the greatest female music performer in history, this \\"3rd\\" greatest hits compilation is a mess.    It is arranged in neither a chronological nor thematic way. Her \\"Immaculate Collection\\" in 1990 was a superb compilation and her \\"GHV2\\" was pretty good too.  If ever an artist was crying out for a lavish box set with many cd's, dvd's and a coffee table book of images for good measure, it is Madonna.     Maybe on her 30th musiclal anniversary in 2012?... we can only hope 4th time is  charm :)
0393330435|5.0|I haven't finished this book, but I love it a lot. I'm like Woz in some perspective. i'm a programmer, I love coding, I love software, a lot.  This book shares a lot of interesting story of making early computers and Apple. I'm sure you'll love this book if you're still reading comments here :)
B003LXM1RS|4.0|Scissor Sisters new album \\"Night work\\" is a pulsing Disco affair produced by Stuart Price who also produced Madonna's \\"Confessions on a dance floor\\" and Kylie's \\"Aphrodite\\".<br /><br />Lead-off single \\"Fire with fire\\" starts off a piano ballad before guitars and stomping beats transform it into something that wouldn't sound out of place on the Killers' \\"Day and age\\" album, which was also produced by Price.<br /><br />\\"Whole new way\\" is more downbeat, while \\"Any which way\\" has a Bee Gees feel. \\"Something like this\\" (which urges one to  dance \\"Over and over like a robot\\") sounds like Prince set to Disco, while the slinky \\"Skin this cat\\" (with vocals by Ana Matronic) is the closest approximation to a ballad in an otherwise ballad-free non-stop Disco.<br /><br />\\"Sex and violence\\" is Pet Shop Boys-meets-Giorgio Moroder, \\"Night life\\" a bouncy affair, while \\"Invisible light\\" shimmers and surges and features a Thriller-style rap by thespian Sir Ian McKellen over tribal percussion.<br /><br />\\"Night work\\" is a euphoric night at the disco.
B000UE29SW|5.0|Book arrived quickly. I was surprised that it is hardback. I didn't think there were any hardbacks left.
030726999X|5.0|A thrilling and page turning book.  Keeps the reader guessing.  Lisbeth Salander is most intriguing. A perfect ending to the trilogy.  I would highly recommend this book.
B000M341QE|5.0|I was not sure what to expect of this movie, but I was assuming it would be at least decent because I am a fan of Leonardo DiCaprio. It was an amazing movie. My younger brother, age 13, loved the movie and we had re-watched the movie three times for a day, and watched it again for the next.  The producer did a great job of connecting the characters to the theories of Freud. I had not read the boo so i can not determine if he had stay true to it. However, the movie was great and completely different from what I had originally though, especially the ending. My brother and I very much so recommend watching this movie.
B000I9X668|5.0|If you've ever worked in an office the irony will be glaringly evident.  Every time I watch this movie I laugh hard.  This movie makes me want to get a red stapler so I can make my statement.  If you haven't watched this movie, you're missing out.
B003616M3O|5.0|another great album from mr. katche. a little groovier on some tracks, warm and fuzzy on others. i like it. i like the previous albums, too! personally i could do without the lone vocal track but otherwise highly recommended.
B002ZFQD04|4.0|Great deal you get a fantastic DVD performance of D Woman in Argentina. Her performance keeps getting better. Very Sweet, I love Madonna she ROCKS!!
B0030Y11XS|3.0|I like Michael Moore. I really do.<br /><br />But this movie is too long. Way too long. As part of his \\"intended audience\\", I had a real hard time sitting though it. It was all stuff that I already knew, and I kept waiting for some kind of kicker that would drive the whole thing home. Oh well.<br /><br />Keep working Mr. Moore. I appreciate your efforts, even when they come up short for me.
B001FB563E|5.0|I hadn't read the book or even any reviews of this movie before I watched it.  Having no expectations might have been a good thing but I found this movie very hard to watch not knowing anything about it.      As stated in the other reviews, the setting is bleak.  Bleaker yet more realistic than anything I think I've ever seen before.  In spite of that, or maybe because of it, the movie does a great job of extending the attachment between the man and the boy to the viewer.  So good in fact that I found it difficult to continue watching considering the high potential for a very bleak outcome.  You feel pretty sure that it isn't going to end at some nice safe haven like I am Legend or Children of Men.   On the other side of the equation, the movie would be completely unbearable to watch if it ended like The Myst.  Not knowing the ending creates a huge sense of tension which is almost unbearable.  I really thought that was where the magic was for this movie.      This movie is definitely not for everyone and the bad reviews here are understandable.  The movie drags you and your emotions under into a world of crushing despair and darkness.  In the end, it gives you a little bit of slack to start coming back up, but certainly not enough to get you back to the surface.
030726999X|5.0|This was the best read that I have experienced in a long time.  Larsson was a master.  He establishes a number of sub-plots and ties them together for a thrilling finish!
B002T9H2LK|4.0|Quentin Tarantino returns to form with \\"Inglorious Basterds,\\" an uber-violent World War II revenge fantasy, modeled, at least in part, on \\"The Dirty Dozen.\\"<br /><br />Brad Pitt, replete with noose-scarred neck and Southern drawl, plays Aldo Raine, a lieutenant in the U.S. military, who's recruited a band of Jewish mercenaries - dubbed the Inglorious Basterds - to roam the war torn countryside killing Nazis then removing their scalps as souvenirs.  The few who are allowed to survive have a swastika carved into their foreheads as a warning to all future victims that the boys are coming to get them.<br /><br />The \\"basterds\\" get their best opportunity to inflict maximum damage when Goebbels agrees to premiere one of his Nazi propaganda films in a theater in occupied France, a premiere at which just about anyone who's anyone among the German high command - including Der Fuhrer himself - will be in attendance.  The plan is for the \\"basterds\\" to go in and annihilate virtually the entire Nazi regime in one fell swoop.<br /><br />After years in which we've watched Jews in WWII films being marched off helplessly to death camps, \\"Inglorious Basterds\\" provides an almost purgative function by letting us see the victims finally doling out some long overdue, eye-for-an-eye justice to their murderous oppressors - even if it's a retribution largely consigned to the realm of fantasy and fiction (though the recent \\"Defiance\\" obviously provided us with a factual account of just such a turnabout).<br /><br />Interestingly, though, despite their having star billing in the title, the \\"basterds\\" themselves are actually accorded a surprisingly small amount of screen time in the movie, so that anyone going into it expecting nonstop violent action scenes centered around the group's activities may be sorely disappointed.  In reality, much more of the movie's 152-minute running time is devoted to the story of a beautiful Jewess (Melanie Laurent) who, after escaping death at the hands of a sadistic SS colonel (the brilliant Christopher Waltz in his bravura Oscar-winning performance), is now, as the owner of the theater where the movie will be shown, in a unique position to exact her revenge, both for herself and for all her people who have suffered under this brutal regime (her plan is to burn the theater down with all the Nazis inside).<br /><br />Tarantino has self-consciously divided his screenplay into five subtitled chapters.  The scenes within each chapter run long and all take place in a single setting, but they are rarely static, thanks to Tarantino's skill at composition, his penchant for crackling dialogue, and the suspense that arises organically from the situations being dramatized.  Still, this is far from a fast-paced action-movie crowd-pleaser, so one should be forewarned that a certain amount of patience is required from the viewer.<br /><br />Episodic in structure and deliberate in its pacing - with a healthy dose of black humor and a soundtrack just anachronistic enough to provide the imprimatur of \\"coolness\\" one demands from a Tarantino film - \\"Inglorious Basterds\\" provides an imperfect but imaginative spin on World War II \\"history.\\"ant Christopher Waltz in his bravura Oscar-winning performance), is now, as the owner of the theater where the movie will be shown, in a unique position to exact her revenge, both for herself and for all her people who have suffered under this brutal regime (her plan is to burn the theater down with all the Nazis inside).       Tarantino has self-consciously divided his screenplay into five subtitled chapters.  The scenes within each chapter run long and all take place in a single setting, but they are rarely static, thanks to Tarantino's skill at composition, his penchant for crackling dialogue, and the suspense that arises organically from the situations being dramatized.  Still, this is far from a fast-paced action-movie crowd-pleaser, so one should be forewarned that a certain amount of patience is required from the viewer.    Episodic in structure and deliberate in its pacing - with a healthy dose of black humor and a soundtrack just anachronistic enough to provide the imprimatur of \\"coolness\\" one demands from a Tarantino film - \\"Inglorious Basterds\\" provides an imperfect but imaginative spin on World War II \\"history.\\"
0143038419|3.0|I read this book back in the Summer of 2007. It was recommended to me by a friend who, at the time, was negotiating a particularly nasty divorce. It clearly struck a chord with her. Not so much with me.    Ms Gilbert is a talented, enjoyable writer. There have been some nasty reviews here that take swipes out of her writing ability - well, I'm sorry, but she's a great writer. Whether or not you enjoy her story, it's difficult to take umbrage with her writing ability. She's pretty and witty and gay. For me, however, therein lies the problem.     There's a fine line between being cutesy and wallowing in your morass and leaving your readers reaching for their wrists. Unfortunately, all-too-often, Gilbert leans towards the former. She takes what could potentially be poignant, vulnerable moments and dusts them down, dresses them up and makes nice of them. I just wish she hadn't - I wish she'd told it like it was. I'm a big girl. I don't need the darker moments of life sugarcoating in order to protect me from the Big Bad World.    At best, this is escapism, fantasy, laugh-out-loud funny. Italy's fun. India drags (my word, how it drags). Indonesia's not too bad (if somewhat predictable). At worst, it whines, navel-gazes and appears afraid of looking into its self-absorbent shadow. It wasn't a page turner in the can't-put-it-down-sense. But don't let that put you off reading it. Walk your own path, read the book, and draw from it what you will. There is, after all, lots of positives/lessons to draw from the actual story whether you like Gilbert/her writing, or not.    If you're looking for a true story that will leave you in tears and feeling inspired all at once, I suggest you look up Thea Eurypheesa's recently released memoir, [[ASIN:1848763735 Running into Myself]]. She's a British woman who tells it like it is and writes about her rite of passage to womanhood over a several year period. Accessible and relatable, it makes for absolutely riveting reading(for those of us who don't have the time/money to take off for a year). Every single woman should be made to read it.
B000UBMWG4|5.0|I have wanted to get the Blade Runner movie on disc for several years, but never got around to doing it until recently when I found the 5-disc blu ray set on Amazon for a good price.  My wife and I watched the Director's Final Cut first since it was the first disc in the series.  (She had never seen the movie.) Later on we watched the theatrical release version.  To tell the truth, I liked the original theatrical release version better.  While both are dark and depressing, the original version is less so than the Final Cut version.  Also a bit less violent.  Although I have always admired Blade Runner as being the first of the genre of dark, depressing, dystopian science fiction movies - that has spawned dozens of derivatives and imitators - in the intervening 30 years since its first release my taste for dark and depressing has lessened.  Frankly, the original version is more satisfying to me than the Director's version.  There are three more discs in the set that I haven't watched yet.  My wife isn't interested in the \\"Making of the Movie\\" features that come with many discs, so it will have to wait until I have some spare time.  In the meantime, Blade Runner is a welcome addition to my DVD library.
B001IAOEXU|5.0|Great. That's all I can say. Mine haven't \\"broken\\" or fallen off yet, but they've definitely helped me in my gaming. These should have been on the PS3 remotes from the beginning. Glad I purchased a pair for each of my controllers.
B001SS3JS8|1.0|I had read other Picoult books, which I liked a lot. My Sister's Keeper, Nineteen minutes are good books that got me from page one till the end. This book was hard for me to read. I wasn't interested in the characters, none of them. The author didn't let me get to know Emily very well, I couldn't felt sorry for her. I really got bored with the story.
B0011UBDTK|5.0|I love Sex in The City , and adding thies few episodes i had not seen i am so glad i got this for me .
B003JSU2NU|3.0|The soundtrack for Twilight was amazing. Seriously. I still listen to it all the time. The soundtracks for both New Moon and Eclipse are lacking..something. This one is better, in my humble opinion, than the New Moon one, but just barely. I hope Break Dawn's music is better!
0393927547|1.0|So I ordered this text because while I already own Dorian Gray, my professor was specific in that he wanted me to purchase the Norton Critical Edition, which I thought that I did.  The seller sent me some other edition.  I know it sounds petty, but the Norton has essays in it, as well as both published versions of Dorian Gray -- I was actually looking forward to both the additions.  When I told the seller, he quickly refunded my order, but I wish he had properly advertised his product in the first place.  I was unable to have the book in time for class because of the mishap.<br /><br />So, if you are like me and need the specific edition for whatever reason, contact the seller first just to make sure!  :)
0143038419|5.0|I have to disagree with the reviews of the book being superficial and trite. It is a woman's journey through a year of her life. She was alone, in 3 countries around the world, leaving behind everything she had ever known - what part of that is not self indulgent? I think the problem here is the inability for most of us to conceive of embarqing upon such a journey. The true follower is asked to leave behind all things worldly, relationships, houses, clothes - and trust in yourself to find the inner peace we all search for and hope to obtain. As Liz gives herself a one word description, I give this book the word of \\"Hope\\". It is well written, amazingly detailed and Liz has found a peace I can not wait to reach. Please read it, you will see yourself in so many of the pages it will become your story as well.
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|Great series, love the banter between  Castle and Beckett.  Even though it is supposed to be a crime show it is filled with humor, packed with action, and most impressive is that there is not alot of gore. Can't wait to see next season!
B001QTXM5Y|1.0|I went into Watchmen with high expectations because I know that it's suppose to be like the best graphic novel ever. but I was not only horribly disappointed, but utterly disgusted.   Watchmen is a film filled with over the top preachy narration and lines with little storyline advancement because of all the flashbacks and tries to make you understand the alternate history, that the first 3/4 of the film you have absolute no idea what it's trying to get at (unless, of course you are familiar with the graphic novel it's based upon). Then at the end you realize that it's the same old same old (though only universaly WESTERN idealism):    * human beings are inheritantely corrupt (thanks alot)  * peace can only be achieved through catastrophe, in other words, without apocalyse or apocalyptical events, there can only be war (which I only agree to the degree that if you kept trying to convince people this, the religious fundies ought to be VERY HAPPY when they see this film)  * There has to be a god-like scapegoat for it to be happen, and it's gonna be American (sorry Jesus Christ), and he will not actually be responsible for the apocalypse, only scapegoating it (ergo: if some God-like creature destroyed the entire human race, it's probably not his fault but corrupt human beings')    last but not least that made me most angry:  *women: if you got pregnant from rape, you should ALWAYS have the kid, because the kid will always turn out to be the best thing that ever happen to you.     I have to admit that Watchmen hides its clichedness well, it wasn't until the very end did I actually realize all this. But there was a point in which I thought it might head into a though-provoking direction, that it might actually get at a point that makes you go \\"hmm... interesting,\\" and that's when Dr. Manhattan raise the conscience: what is so special about the lives of human beings, or lives in general, most part of galaxy (or universe if you'll make that assumption that earth is unique with life) get along just fine without life.     Interestingly good point, cool, that made me think for a moment    then it got destroyed by the bottom-of-the barrel foolish \\"epiphany\\" of Dr. Manhattan that he should save human race because of Silk Spectral number two, because she is something good that came out of chaos. Therefore life must be special if \\"good life\\" can come out of chaos.    If you just sit there and think this though for a moment you'll see that this logic makes absolutely NO SENSE WHATSOEVER. Why? because if you already take the assumption that all lives (and non-lives) are equal, as Dr. M suggests because he's so high and mighty and all that, then how would \\"rape\\" be catagorized as \\"chaos?\\" Rape and rape-like things happen often in the animal and, some would argue, plant and bacterial kingdom. It's only the fact that rape brings suffering to human beings, and we, the human beings, must PERCEIVE it as chaos because it brings suffering to us (mostly the women), will makes it \\"chaos.\\" So you must assume that:   1. there's something special and non-chaotic (good) about human lives  2. Rape brings suffering/chaos  therefore conclusion:  3. rape is chaotic.    So this sudden \\"epiphany\\" of Dr. M basically just came out of nowhere, maybe it's because he does believe that human lives are special but just doesn't wanna show it since he's god and all that and it's just too humiliating and difficult to suffer in love in his condition. Not to mention after all the talk of anti-life, he's actually pro-life (not even pro-choice)!!    A friend suggested to me that (he has read the graphic novel) the point is the irony: corrupted human beings (the watchmen) are the ones to rise above to save the human race.   interesting but whether or not the graphic novel perserves this idea, the movie certainly does not. Why? because the watchmen (in the movie) who actually fought the crimes either did it to appease their own vanity (to be like pharohs, to bring divine justice) or did it for thrills (which is like most of them). Hey apocalypse is coming, what better way to spend your Last Days then to have sex and kick some butt? Dude I would totally go for it.     Overall this film is painful to watch, especially for humanists/feminists like me. The only thing I learned from this film is that kept getting people paranoid about world-ending does it's self-fufilling prophecy thing. Sadly I already knew that since I have a B.A. in Psychology.
B00070DK14|5.0|Jethro Tull's fourteenth studio album entitled The Broadsword and the Beast was released in April of 1982 in Europe and early May of 1982 here in the US.<br />After the group's controversial album from 1980 simply entitled A was released, Jethro Tull toured from the end of 1980 into 1981 and assembled the home video Slipstream in th process. Then lead singer/songwriter/flautist/acoustic guitar/Tull mastermind Ian Anderson, longtime lead guitarist Marin Barre and bass player Dave Pegg regrouped after a small break and got two new members as keyboard player Eddie Jobson (who didn't consider himself a band member) and drummer Mark Craney both left to pursue other music ventures. After auditions, the group settled on Scottish keyboard player Peter John Vettese and former Cat Stevens drummer Gerry Conway and another new Tull lineup was born. Also, Ian wanted to utilize Bob Ezrin as producer but due to scheduling and climate conflicts, it fell through. Then Ian (who was rightfully tired of producing Jethro Tull albums) settled on ex-Yardbird member and one-time Cat Stevens producer Paul Samwell-Smith to produce and created another great album, as I found out when I bought the remastered CD in October of 2005 while having a pit stop from leaving Massachusetts in South Carolina while visiting family before going to south Florida where I would relocate to proper in January, 2006.<br />We kick things off with the excellent rocker \\"Beastie\\" which speaks of the fears and problems one has to overcome in life. Next was another great synth induced rocker \\"The Clasp\\" (which would open shows on the Broadsword tour). Next is the catchy and still relevant number \\"Fallen On Hard Times\\" (which the band did released as a single and did well on US rock radio). This song is more relevant now in last few years than it was in 1982. \\"Flying Colours\\" follows and starts out for the intro as a ballad before turning into another uptempo synth laced rocker for rest of the piece. We closed the Beastie portion of the album (as Side 1 was known as on the record) with the beautiful \\"Slow Marching Band\\".<br />We kick off the Broadsword half (a/k/a Side 2 of the original album) with the excellent anthemic \\"Broadsword\\" which is one of the band's best songs and features a great solo section from Barre and Vettesse trading runs. We then have the nice \\"Pussy Willow\\" which is another winner of a track. The fun and upbeat \\"Watching Me Watching You\\" follows and is another great number. Next is the album's best track IMHO which is the atmospheric \\"Seal Driver\\" which alternates between quiet, slow, punchy and a faster solo section which keeps you focused on the song for the whole 5 minutes. We then close with a song which has become a Jethro Tull show closer since called \\"Cheerio\\" which is just Ian, synthesizers and a vocoder. A nice, short and cheerful ending to a great Tull album (all of their albums are excellent in their own unique way).<br />The Broadsword and the Beast also gave Jethro Tull its first US Top 20 album since the double live Bursting Out when Broadsword reached #19 on the Billboard chart but sales fell short of Gold as New Wave and post-punk were fashionable in 1982 (would be the last Tull album to reach the US Top 20).<br />The remastered issue of Broadsword was released in 2005 with a very hearty helping of EIGHT bonus tracks all of which were recorded during the sessions for the album but not on record due to time constraints of vinyl. First is one of my all time favorite Christmas tunes \\"Jack Frost And The Hooded Crow\\" (which I first heard on a US rock radio promo CD in 1998 and loved the tune immediately, glad it made it to Broadsword's re-release). Next is the part-ballad/part-rocker \\"Jack A Lynn\\". \\"Mayhem Maybe\\" follows and sounds like it could have appeared on 1977's Songs From the Wood. \\"Too Many Too\\" follows and is a nice marching, chugging number. The excellent rocking \\"Overhang\\" follows. Then another winner follows with \\"Rhythm in Gold\\". \\"I Am Your Gun\\" follows and is another excellent song. Mixing hard rock and blues with 80s synth sounds with great results. \\"Down At the End of Your Road\\" closes things and is another great song. IMHO, Tull could have issued a double studio album with Broadsword and the Beast but Chrysalis said no. I thank God EMI/Capitol bought Chrysalis out and released a stellar remastered CD issue of the album with superior remastered sound plus fully restored artwork, an essay from Ian Anderson on the album and complete credits and lyrics.<br />HUGELY RECOMMENDED!and is another excellent song. Mixing hard rock and blues with 80s synth sounds with great results. \\"Down At the End of Your Road\\" closes things and is another great song. IMHO, Tull could have issued a double studio album with Broadsword and the Beast but Chrysalis said no. I thank God EMI/Capitol bought Chrysalis out and released a stellar remastered CD issue of the album with superior remastered sound plus fully restored artwork, an essay from Ian Anderson on the album and complete credits and lyrics.  HUGELY RECOMMENDED!
0525457585|5.0|When I was eight years old I remember watching the movie based on this book, The Neverending Story, over and over again, being enchanted by Bastians journey through a magical book. Five years later, after reading the book, I never wanted to see the movie again. The movie was like a disgraceful Tim Allen christmas movie compared to the original book.        When I was thirteen, I hated reading. I rarely did my reading response journals for school, and I would probably read about three books a year, not reaching my 25 book goal for school. After I got suspended for throwing a pencil at someone, I was put into a quiet room with nothing to do for five days. To make time fly, I started reading during the suspention.         I first read old yeller, then an abriged version of Tom Sawyer. I caught an interest in reading at that time, but It certainly wouldnt have lasted if I havent come across The Neverending Story during my suspention. I remember reading it both in school, and at home. No matter where I read the book, I was spellbound. It was Impossible to put the book down.        Reading this book was like walking through peoples dreams because it was so enchanting. Each word would paint a dreamlike picture and keep me reading. When I was done reading this book, I knew for a fact, that my life was changed forever. Simply because I read this book, I now read every single day, and I dream of becoming a published author (And a songwriter as well).         I have read many fantasy books, and many that you may know. Yet I know for a fact that none of them are as half as good as this book. This is a book for everyone, and for all ages. In fact I beleive adults may need this spellbinding fantasy as much as teenagers do. I guarantee that if you read this book, your life will be changed like mine was.
B00395ZYVS|4.0|A lovely and well written story - will take readers on a journey to the two Indias - the urban side and the slums where female infanticide is a norm in life. Also a story of 2 families oceans apart but connected by the thread of a decision made in desperation and courage.
B000002UVZ|5.0|The 18 year old kid I gave this to Loves It! I LOVE IT TOO!  One of REM's best for sure.
B001HN694K|5.0|I was soooo hoping that the feelings I had as a child when I first experienced Alice in Wonderland as a movie would be truly represented, and of course, Tim Burton captured THE MAGIC... when Alice fell into the hole, again, the FEELING was there...<br />When she picked up the little bottle and drank... The FEELING was there... when she nibbled the cake.. well, you know ...<br />it's an intangible thing, but there is a certain SOMETHING with some of the scenes, the smiling cat, the tea party... it all feels \\"right\\"... and of course, the cast was absolutely perfect. Loved everything about this representation, and I didn't get to see it in 3-D, if THAT had happened, I would have been beside myself, I am sure!
B002RSDW80|2.0|There are two stories - the story of Julia Childs and a story about some dumb blogger.  The Julia Child's story stars Ms Streep and Mr Tucci and is great.  The other story has a couple of unknowns who should remain unknown and is basically a waste of time - bad acting and a story not worth telling.  If you watch this movie save time and fast forward through the non Streep scenes and enjoy the rest - you really won't be missing anything.
0307454541|1.0|All hype, no substance. Poorly written (somewhat juvenile writing style), stock dialogue, sick violence, OK characters that we've seen and read about before...Nothing terrible new here, and not worth the money I spent on it. It seems a lot of \\"best sellers\\" are NOT the best books toread these days. Why is that? Maybe I'm getting old nad have read too many books, but this was definitley a bummer! Save your precious time and dollars, get a GOOD book!
B003ICWTR4|5.0|I waited for this to be released and it is even better than expected!  Outstanding picture quality ~ shots that capture the essence of the festival and the sheer joy and love of what Bruce & band are doing! Bruce's voice has deepened and matured over the years and this just makes it better ... these 3 hour long marathons are what he did back in the Asbury bar days and still does so well today.  This is, on my opinion, THE BEST live recording!
B000002J6H|5.0|The Amazon reviewer is off his nut, plain and simple.  Never before have I read nor heard such nonsense.  Stills wrote or co-wrote CSNY's most enduring songs:  \\"Suite: Judy Blue Eyes\\", \\"Wooden Ships\\", \\"Carry On\\", \\"Helplessly Hoping\\", \\"You Don't Have To Cry\\", \\"4+20\\", \\"Dark Star\\", \\"Southern Cross\\".  He and Young were equally heart and soul of The Springfield, whose sole hit was a Stills tune, \\"For What It's Worth\\", and whose best song, \\"Bluebird\\", was also Stills-penned.  As a musician, he leaves the others in the dust, as all three have often admitted.  The band's sound was HIS sound..check out Crosby's meager contributions to The Byrds (aside from his great harmonizing): nothing there points to \\"Guinnevere\\". (The unByrdsy \\"Everybody's Been Burned\\" might be the exception.)  Similarly, Nash's output with The Hollies was pure pop, though his songwriting was crucial.  Still, nothing from that band came close to challenging the earth-shaking innovations being set forth by Stills and Young across the Atlantic.  Stephen Stills' awesome studio skills matched his musical abilities, setting the tone for what became the phenom known as Crosby, Stills and Nash.  Neil Young gave 'em \\"Ohio\\", \\"Helpless\\", and \\"Country Girl\\", and not much else.  Graham Nash's hippie songs are of their time and have dated pretty badly (\\"Marrakesh Express\\", \\"Pre-Road Downs\\", \\"Our House\\", \\"Chicago\\"), and David Crosby has often found himself being carried by Stills and Nash (the DAYLIGHT AGAIN album), while \\"Almost Cut My Hair\\" remains CSNY's dumbest and weakest song ever.<br /><br />STEPHEN STILLS is a great album.  Curiously, the biggest hit, \\"Love The One You're With\\", is the lamest song, but it's followed by one of Stills' finest moments, \\"Do For The Others\\", beautifully written, arranged and produced, exploding with his trademark acoustic guitar sound, which few have matched in any genre.  The man really shows his stuff on this record..soulful vocals, killer organ playing, wah-wahing through \\"Go Back Home\\" before Eric Clapton drops in, out of nowhere, to offer yet another exciting guitar solo.  And the guest list: \\"Slowhand\\", Hendrix, Ringo (credited as \\"Richie\\"..no one ever seems to get this), Mama Cass, Crosby and Nash et al!  On \\"Old Times Good Times\\", Jimi sheds the pyro's and offers one of his best solos, understated (for him) yet brilliant.  This album sounds as good now as it did 40 years ago.  Can't say the same for \\"If Only..Name\\" or \\"Songs For Beginners\\".  (Young's solo stuff doesn't count here; he's always saved his best material for himself.)  My personal favorite tracks:  \\"Do For The Others\\", \\"Sit Yourself Down\\", \\"Church (Part Of Someone)\\", \\"Old Times Good Times\\", \\"Black Queen\\" (Stills and his Martin become, alternately, counterpoint and a single voice, albeit a drunken one..lol),\\"To A Flame\\" (Ringo on drums..yes!), \\"Go Back Home\\", in that order.<br /><br />Hey Amazon:  Fire that idiot writer of yours and hire ME!
B001U0HBQ0|1.0|Ouch. I never thought I'd be giving a DAVID FINCHER movie a rating under 3 stars. As it turns out... you really never should say \\"never\\".<br /><br />Like I said, I love Fincher. I watched this movie primarily for the fact that he directed it. That, AND the fact that Cate Blanchett is in it. Had Blanchett not been in it, it would have been a zero star rating, if I could give it that!!!<br /><br />The movie was bad right from the start. First off, the old lady was so over-acted and WAY over exaggerated. I have NEVER heard an old woman talk like that before, and I was there when my Grandmother (on my mom's side) was sick in the hospital. Add the obligatory Hurricane Katrina reference to that and, yep, it was clear this was going to be one VERY bad movie. Should you encounter a start as bad as this, I ask that you eject the disc from the player, drop it in a bucket of ice-cold water, and call the poison control, as you have something very toxic on your hands!<br /><br />The plot was rubbish for two reasons: One being that it was just a remake of Forrest Gump. Ferchrissake, it was written by the same screen writer! Another being that it was just nonsensical, despite it sounding interesting. For starters, he is a FREAK. He was born an old man. He was adopted. He should have had a rough life but no, he has it all wonderful and what not. There were several parts where I just fell on the ground and flailed around laughing because it was just so hokey and over-the-top.<br /><br />The BIGGEST problem with the plot was that there was not enough conflict. I mean, come on, this movie is almost three hours long, and whatever conflict there is, it gets resolved in 2 minutes. This got on my nerves. Come on, with the whole \\"Midnight lover with Tilda Swinton\\" and \\"Pursuing Daisy\\" story, there should be a conflict. Simply put, there isn't. It got on my nerves.<br /><br />The movie is simply WAY TOO LONG too. Come on, it runs 167 minutes. The same story could have been told in about TWO hours or less! But no, Fincher had to overflow it with so much unnecessary crap (like the Tilda Swinton plot) and 5 minute shots.<br /><br />Oh the ending was lame too. Come on you drag the plot out for THAT LONG and then suddenly try to end with the *GROOOOAAAANNN* inducing \\"Some are mothers, some dance, some get struck by lightning\\" lameness. Way to rush the ending to a very unnecessarily long and slow paced movie. Can someone also tell me why the humming bird was important??? I was just face-palming when it appeared at the end.<br /><br />By the time the movie was over, I just left the theatre feeling depressed and sick. Come on, too much lame-ness and bleakness, it wasn't even uplifiting-depressing, it was just plain draining and depressing.<br /><br />Overall, this movie is a total plagarism and a very overlong and unorganized mess of a film, and I love Davind Fincher. Let's hope his Dragon Tattoo adaptation turns out good. As for this, AVOID!!!!verflow it with so much unnecessary crap (like the Tilda Swinton plot) and 5 minute shots.     Oh the ending was lame too. Come on you drag the plot out for THAT LONG and then suddenly try to end with the *GROOOOAAAANNN* inducing \\"Some are mothers, some dance, some get struck by lightning\\" lameness. Way to rush the ending to a very unnecessarily long and slow paced movie. Can someone also tell me why the humming bird was important??? I was just face-palming when it appeared at the end.    By the time the movie was over, I just left the theatre feeling depressed and sick. Come on, too much lame-ness and bleakness, it wasn't even uplifiting-depressing, it was just plain draining and depressing.     Overall, this movie is a total plagarism and a very overlong and unorganized mess of a film, and I love Davind Fincher. Let's hope his Dragon Tattoo adaptation turns out good. As for this, AVOID!!!!
B002PLALCO|5.0|Thank you I love it and it was shipped to me in a timely manner.
B003L45JLW|5.0|Just finished my second listen. Now, I'm not a huge TP fan, but I wanted to support the new format of hi-def audio.<br /><br />This is a very well put together BD-A. The 5.1 spacing is superb. So very natural and smooth. Just pop in the disc & it plays...so no worry about having to turn on your TV.<br /><br />I am very pleased with the purchase, worth evey dollar!
B003E48AYC|4.0|I alway enjoy Tim Burton/Johnny Depp colaberations and this one didn't disappoint.  I loved this movie and the unique way Tim Burton spun the story.
B002ZG98J6|2.0|Like many others, I read the five books before I saw the movie.  (I'm an adult, but my nephew was reading them at the time.)    My biggest gripe is the age difference.  In the movie version, Percy is older at the start of the series than he was at the END of the fifth book.    I don't really miss Dionysis or Ares, but I think Clarisse (daughter of Ares) was too important a character to be left out.  I also don't like that the heroes weren't sent on a quest.  Excuse me, but going on quests is what heroes do.    Despite the fact that I would rather have seen a much younger actor play the lead, Logan Lerman was very good.  Kevin McKidd's opening scene was much better than his closing one.  Brendan T. Jackson, as Grover, also gave a good performance, but I didn't care for the sexualization of his role.    The special effects and computer graphics were the movie's strong points.    It wasn't a bad movie, but it wasn't a good movie, either.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|I just saw ECLIPSE this morning and it was absolutely incredible! The actors and actresses were all at their very best...not one flaw in the whole movie! I highly recommend this movie to anyone wishing to be taken away to a realist fantasy world for a couple of hours of total excitement. I still do not understand why so many reviews seem to compare the sagas to each other? Each of the movies was unique and superbly created and great in its own right. Each told a different part of Bella's story each one grows in complexity just as Bella's life continues to grow through each succeeding sequel. All three were exceptional and stand alone yet form one girl's complete story. Enjoy each movie and don't waste time comparing them!
B002VPE1AW|5.0|This movie takes you out of your living room and takes you right into the magical world of Pandora. It was amazing in theatres, and now that you can enjoy it at home, you can relive the amazing story of love-- the love between Jake and Netiyri, for Pandora, for nature-- again and again. It's an amazing tale of love, bravery, and fighting for what is right. It may not be the most original of storylines, but the mythology and magic of Pandora make up for that. And besides, there hasn't been an original thought in a few centuries, so who cares?
B0028DRGDQ|3.0|To say this is the movie on which quarantine would be incorrect. Quarantine is a remake of this movie, down to the last scene. I wish I had never seen Quarantine before I watched this film as it ruined it. What makes this movie better is that there is less lame build up time at the fire department. I have a prejudice against these stupid cheap hand held movies. Having said that, this one wasn't too bad as much of the film didn't have that stupid herky-jerky motion, i.e. it was professionally shot and in wide screen. If you watch this film and haven't seen Quarantine, don't bother, or vice-versa.
1401227821|5.0|An amazing trip through the career of Adam Hughes concerning his DC Comics covers. This thorough compilation of his DC art is accompanied by Adam's own insights and commentary.  The special wit and humor that Adam brings to his work are frequently on display throughout as well.  All presented gorgeously in hardback format.  Get your copy while they last!
0786939532|2.0|Okay, I will not put my thoughts of this book in a roundabout manner. I'll try to be as precise as I can, though I will be battling the entire fan base which is, as far as I can tell, very large indeed. Now, I rarely give bad ratings to a book, thinking that in every piece of published manuscript there exists something for someone and that if we do no stick with the way Academia looks upon literature we can only profit in a way. But, every now and then, out of the vastness of published novels, emerge something that really isn't worth the effort. Homeland is one of those things, and when this comes from a guy that spent most of his gaming years in Forgotten realms campaign setting and knows what's he talking about, you should take some note of it. Now, what precisely is the problem, and what does vast community of fans sees in Drizzt Do'Urden and his exploits? It is not that Salvatore doesn't know how to write though sometimes his construction of sentences and overall structure of the novel draws tears to eyes of anyone who has ever tried to write down a story or even shopping list. When writing about Drizzt Salvatore has to move inside the boundaries of the genre and genre here being most generic, bland and straightforward campaign setting for Dungeons and Dragons role-playing game aka Forgotten Realms. It is the world of clear dichotomies, world where ideas like `good' and `evil' have very straight-forward manner and shades of gray rarely exist. It is the world which provides an author with opportunity to write sentences like: \\"He sensed that he was evil\\" and get away with it. You may think that it's no great wonder being fantasy book and all but the problem is that fantasy developed long ago and grew into something completely different, leaving Forgotten Realms and its boundaries as the most anachronistic piece of fan-based literature that was ever written. And yet, one can imagine why that mode of storytelling remained so popular. But that's the thought for some other time.<br /><br /> Problem with setting like that is that you, or at least Salvatore, can't write something very profound in it. Sure, we have a hero whose ways are challenged by his community, forcing him into exile. Community being lawful evil (yes, that's a working description here as well), though its members behave more like lawful stupid, plots and destroy everything on their path to power, and our hero, being special because you have to have lead character that is special, cannot put up with it so he goes away. Wielding two scimitars and defeating everything that comes as a possible obstruction to him. Sure, one can never get tired of this story - of individuals who defies their community, struggling to attain higher principles or do something with their lives rather than fall under the recursive oppression of unquestioned tradition, but when that story is presented in such a straightforward and simplistic manner, one can hardly enjoy it. And, to top it all, it feels like Salvatore takes himself and the story he's writing seriously. There is no humor, or irony, or any attempt towards the deconstruction. Book is full of pathos, grim seriousness and drama which, set in a world as simplistic and banal as FR, comes as parody gone wrong.<br /><br />At least, that is how I felt upon reading this book. This book didn't challenged my worldview, didn't provide me with amusement (other than nostalgic remembrance of FR how it once was), and generally failed to fulfill its purpose on me. Maybe I just got tired of escapistic and overly simplistic worlds whose main sell-points are sword wielding and magic dueling. And if Salvatore is considered as the best FR author out there, I shudder with thought what else lies there.other time.      Problem with setting like that is that you, or at least Salvatore, can't write something very profound in it. Sure, we have a hero whose ways are challenged by his community, forcing him into exile. Community being lawful evil (yes, that's a working description here as well), though its members behave more like lawful stupid, plots and destroy everything on their path to power, and our hero, being special because you have to have lead character that is special, cannot put up with it so he goes away. Wielding two scimitars and defeating everything that comes as a possible obstruction to him. Sure, one can never get tired of this story - of individuals who defies their community, struggling to attain higher principles or do something with their lives rather than fall under the recursive oppression of unquestioned tradition, but when that story is presented in such a straightforward and simplistic manner, one can hardly enjoy it. And, to top it all, it feels like Salvatore takes himself and the story he's writing seriously. There is no humor, or irony, or any attempt towards the deconstruction. Book is full of pathos, grim seriousness and drama which, set in a world as simplistic and banal as FR, comes as parody gone wrong.     At least, that is how I felt upon reading this book. This book didn't challenged my worldview, didn't provide me with amusement (other than nostalgic remembrance of FR how it once was), and generally failed to fulfill its purpose on me. Maybe I just got tired of escapistic and overly simplistic worlds whose main sell-points are sword wielding and magic dueling. And if Salvatore is considered as the best FR author out there, I shudder with thought what else lies there.
B003J27WFW|5.0|I will be totally honest...I have been a Rush fan for well over 5 years now and this DVD finally covers EVERYTHING about the cult band...RUSH! I learned so many new things such as their origin, hobbies, and interests besides playing in front of millions of fans every year. Many music stars make an appearance in the film to share their feelings towards Rush and explain how the band was an influence on them including Sabastian Bach, Gene Simmons, Les Claypool, Zakk Wylde, Jack Black, and much more. The special features are my personal favorite...the dinner in the wooden shack is probably the funniest thing you will ever see. That part just shows that they are not only rock gods but are also humble, funny human beings as well. This is a must own for any Rush fan to really understand how they came about. Best band documentary BY FAR!!!!
B00198X0WW|5.0|I just finished watching a movie that, when I first saw it in 1986, made such an impression on me that I could think of nothing else for days. It came at a fragile and life changing moment in my life and for some seven nights I walked several miles back and forth in a bitter winter to see it at the once splendid Ontario Theatre in Washington, DC. The film was Roland Joff's epic \\"The Mission\\" with the unlikely cast of Jeremy Irons, Robert DeNiro, Liam Neeson and Ray McNally. When I first saw it I thought it to be amongst the most beautiful films I'd ever seen, and nearly 25 years later, think so still. While nominated and winning many international awards, The Mission was mostly ignored by Hollywood, receiving only one Oscar (cinematography).     The complexities of the story telling in \\"The Mission\\" are almost too much to take in in a single film lasting a bit more than two hours, but Jaffe has woven them together with a touch that is both delicate and profound, creating a tapestry as impressive and intricate as any medieval Flemish tapastry, its story held together flawlessly.     While supposedly created for our own preservation and edification, politics and religion have done as much or more unspeakable horrors in the names of God and Man as they have good and in \\"The Mission\\" we see the bloody result, despite the effort of a few rebel priests who believe in the power of love and the natives with whom they try to share their world. The villains are plentiful in this \\"true tale\\" and Joffe never disguises them, allowing the deceptive simplicities of \\"good versus evil\\" run its predictable course, as they twist and turn everything they touch into the inevitable choked and knotted apocalypse of sorrow that is always the end result of greed.     Despite its bleak, often hopeless nature, Joffe nonetheless gives us a miracle: a film of such ineffable beauty that stirs both heart and mind through the combination of remarkable acting, a wilderness captured in breathtaking cinematography, battles both physical and spiritual, and wed it all to one of the most remarkable musical scores of the late 20th century.
B0006B2A2E|1.0|I can't believe I watched the whole thing. Tasteless, pathetic, boring nonsense. Cartoonish bohemian characters. It is not funny or romantic.
B00275EGWY|5.0|Great movie about one of the jobs that have to be done in war times that nobody wants to do.  It takes an almost genuis/warped individual to look at it a different way to keep himself going.  Very intense just try taking a breath.    You can see why it won best picture and best director.
B002Z7FWBI|5.0|This set of films is Clint at his very best as stone-faced, hard as nails, police detective, \\"Dirty\\" Harry Callahan!!!  Granted, the last 2 are not as good as the first three, BUT...the set IS a real piece of Hollywood history, and really enjoyable drama.  I mean, who can forget that line...\\"This is a .44 Magnum, the most powerful handgun in the world. In all this excitement, I can't remember if I fired six shots or only five.  So, you gotta ask yourself one question...Do ya feel lucky, punk?  Well, do ya?\\"  In my opinion, the stunt work, SFX, story, action, characterization, and talented actors (even the \\"bad guys\\" are fantastic!), this set of films has it all.  The only people who wouldn't enjoy Dirty Harry's adventures are the same liberal weirdos who loved \\"Reds\\" or \\"Heaven's Gate\\" or \\"Sleepless in Seattle\\"...LOL!!!  Buy them, you won't regret it...BUT...These movies are NOT for young children to watch under any circumstances...Not \\"dirty\\" but really really really violent...After all, Clint...\\"Dirty\\" Harry...doesn't carry that great big .44 Magnum around to use as it a paperweight!!!!
1423101472|1.0|I am so disappointed in this company.  I have never recieved the book and they have charged me for it.  Now what Amazon!!<br /><br />Diane
B0015HOFZI|5.0|The turntable worked great right out of the box.  I'm using the USB connection via Windows 7, and the OS installed the hardware instantly.  The included software installed fine, but then told me I needed to update to latest version.  Upon doing so, I was told my PC had an old version of C++ distributable; it took me a bit of time to stop everything and install that version.  Subsequently, the installation worked fine.  I purchased this product to copy old vinyl record albums to my computer, and to make CD's of them.  The aforementioned software worked great when using the \\"automatic\\" feature for vinyl recording.  However, the documentation/instructions for the software is totally inadequate for non-techies.  Maybe even for techies, of which I'm one.  The record track recognition does not work, so the operator has to manually break out the tracks.  There is no instruction provided for doing this, which requires several non-standard procedures/commands.  I did it the hard way until I found a tiny help statement on-line in the Sony software site.  Then, the process became easy and I'm 100% satisfied with both the turntable and the software.  Sony should have a local tester re-document the product and software.  By the way, the resulting recordings are superb!  The CD's sound almost as perfect as their professional counterparts, and they were originals made back in 1960-1965, like Frank Sinatra \\"Come Swing With Me\\" and \\"Can Can\\", etc.  I was also able to find the record covers and track titles on-line for my music library.  Overall, I couldn't ask for anything more.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|These earphones work great for online play or getting sucked into the city of Rapture in Bioshock.  Know where your enemy's are consing from.
B003MOHX8S|5.0|I hate using the word \\"epic,\\" but this album deserves it.  If you like intense theatrical scores, you'll probably like this batch of tracks.
0439023483|5.0|This story is frightening and satisfying. The tone of V for Vendetta meets the survival realism of The Hatchet, with a bunch of kids thrown in the middle. Gladiator games for children, kept me on the edge of my seat and lingered in my mind for months.
B002ZG97RE|1.0|\\"Green Zone\\" is truly an excellent fiction flick. Anybody who doesn't realize this Hollywood action movie is merely pumped up political fiction and takes it to heart...well I hear the \\"Wizard of Oz\\" movie still scares children into believing monkeys can fly. However Tornados do happen.     I only gave this fun shoot'em up bang movie a one star is because of the political plot porn. 'Black Hawk Down' is more reliable as to being light years closer to any historical truth compared to \\"Green Zone Acres.\\"         Pssst by the way...the WMD were transported into Syria, one of Iraq's `friends,' just before the war. Watch out Israel.
B0036SUQWA|2.0|I usually like off beat comedies like this.  I think Clooney, Spacey, and McGregor are wonderful actors and I have enjoyed many of their movies.  Everything pointed to me liking this movie, but I didn't.  It could best be described as mildly amusing.
0143034901|5.0|I  simply loved this book , and am not a big fan of dark stories, but the writing is so GREAT, you cant get help but get immersed in the storyline, which is indeed captivating.  but I believe that what stays with the reader is Zaffon's remarkable prose and the way he brought every single character alive..all with a touch of humor!
B002ZG977Y|5.0|What can you say about a classic?  Appreciate it!!  This is such a good film.  Even the giant scorpions are great!!  Add this to your collection of classic films...
B000001GBJ|5.0|We listened to the melancholy and wistful Songs from a Secret Garden when at the Swag B&B in North Carolina just before 9/11, when we were enjoying a welcome break from caring for a loved one. We were so enthralled by its ethereal sounds, that we bought a copy. When the CD was later misplaced by a relative, we went searching for it, without benefit of remembering the title.  With the help of the staff at the inn we were able to find the music through laborious trial and error. Thanks to these beautiful sounds we can again be transported to our idyllic retreat in the Great Smoky Mountains near Waynesville.
B003LXM1RS|3.0|It's listenable and fun, but I believe they've crossed the line this time. Instead of taking inspiration from their influences and building something new, this all rings as a pastiche or lazy love letter to the original artists. Nonetheless, it's brighter than what I've been hearing in Top 40 or I'd drop the rating by a star.    I edited this review with a list of artists and specific songs that \\"inspired\\" Scissor Sisters. Compare the numbered tracks to songs you (and Scissor Sisters, no doubt) have heard before.    1. Sparks - \\"Beat the Clock\\"  2. George Michael - \\"Monkey\\"  4. Bee Gees - \\"Stayin' Alive\\" / \\"You Should Be Dancing\\"  5. Iggy Pop - \\"Funtime\\" (with a little Judas Priest thrown in)  6. Devo - lots of Devo tricks  8. Point Sisters over a Yazoo synth bed  10. Pet Shop Boys - \\"Tonight Is Forever\\" (about zero percent different)  12. Not surprisingly, a Pink Floyd free-for-all with a nod to \\"Thriller\\"
B003IWZ1D8|5.0|Not exactly a review, as just about everything has been said and written about this landmark, ground breaking and unpretentious movie, made very cheaply in resources and production values, with Hitchcock's TV series crew, but very rich in creativity and impact. It changed the narrative conventions on suspense / horror films, on the way the heroine is handled, imposed a great marketing idea, forbidding audiences into the theater once the film had started, push the boundaries on what audiences was allowed to deal with, created a \\"black and white\\" masterpiece orchestral strings-only music soundtrack, etc, etc. And of course its legacy must be mentioned, with Brian De Palma paying hommage to Hitchcock in \\"Carrie\\", \\"Sisters\\", \\"Obsession\\" (almost a remake of \\"Vertigo\\"), \\"Body Double\\" and especially \\"Dressed to Kill\\" as the most obvious examples, not to mention many other film makers up to this day, learning about Hitchcock from their early years to film school to making movies filled with Hitchcock's style. The point is, Hitchcock not only influenced, but he unintentionally set up a mark for film makers to come and some films got more and more creative and daring after that.    But despite all that and most importantly, considering Hitchcock's signature, elegant visual style and camera angles, defending the concept that films and their stories must be told by images first, rather than dialogues or voice-over narratives, where are all the other Hitchcock films on blu-ray, when so many other classics have already made it into blu-ray? Surely Hitchcock deserves much more than just and only \\"North by Northwest\\" on blu-ray so far, with Psycho coming only in October (or August in the UK). Hitchcock paved the way on how films are made and created a lot of technical never before tried landmarks in film history, both technical and creative achievements, so why is it taking so long for the obvious release of many other of his classics on blu-ray? At least Vertigo, The Birds and Rear Window are the obvious choices that should have been already released, so this is more like a wake up call to the blu-ray market and the people behind it, to release more Hitchcock films on blu-ray, if the great Martin Scorsese isn't already doing something about it.
0143118420|4.0|I enjoyed this book very much. Ms. Gilbert is a talented writer and I will be checking out her other stuff. Yes, she is a little self-absorbed (but that's what this book is supposed to be about ... her personal journey!). And she has earned the money herself and can afford to do so! As a somewhat spiritual person, I did find the Indian ashram journey not quite as fulfilling as I had hoped; but her exasperation at one point had me laughing out loud! The author injects quite a bit of humor, much of it self-deprecating. I really don't understand the anger and vitriol in some readers' comments; Ms. Gilbert has not done anything particularly wrong against nature, the animal kingdom or humankind. She's just a self-admitted confused recent-divorcee in search of answers ... HER answers. I felt her to be very brave to lay her thoughts, feelings and beliefs out there for God and everyone to see. I could never do that (makes me cringe to even think of it!). Reading between the lines, I can tell the \\"self-satisfaction\\" chapter was hard for her to write ... but dang it! ... she wrote it anyway! Kudos to you, Ms. Gilbert!
B0023P1D8S|5.0|Great find. Packed well. Shipped about 3 weeks behind a similarly ordered product that was purchased at the same time. Messaged seller to inquire. No reply. By the grace of God, it finally showed up. Item received was just as described. Call me crazy but I would buy this item again from the same seller. Best price & all worked out in the end.
B003ELOQD4|5.0|I am a long term U2 fan since they hit the US in 1980 with their album \\"Boy\\".  Having collected many U2 video concerts, some good, some not so good, some terrible, I rate this one as one of their best!!!!!  The performance was right on. The collection of songlist spanned back to 1983 to current and most importantly, the video and sound quality of this Blueray is superb!    When I say this, I think back on U2 Live from Mexico City where the excited roar of the crowd drowned out the band in the background through musical passages of the performance and was absolutely annoying. Here you see U2 at the top of their game with great video quality, camera angles, and especially great sound. A must have for any U2 fan.
B00328G4V6|3.0|This latest track compilation on the works of Jimmi Hendrix has got plenty of ups and downs. Great tracks crammed together with mediocre or pedestrian tracks.Not essential, unless youre a big fan of the man and his legacy. I recommend as essential items to any rock fan three of his four studio albums (not \\"Axis: Bold as Love\\" for my taste)released during his lifetime and the posthumous \\"The First Rays of Sun...\\" (the title escapes me).
B003EV6DBM|4.0|I was very unsure of whether I would warm up to the new cast even as far as midseason. I had absolutely loved David Tennant and Chris Eccleston, and these were some very large shoes to fill. Fortunately, Matt Smith gave me a delightful surprise and ended up owning the character in his own lighter way. He isnt as grave as the 9th doctor, nor as intense as Tennant's take. Considering the things that were happening in the doctor's life at the time those actors were portraying him (lost love, recovering from a lost people) it is not surprising that Smith's version is less damaged and more carefree. Don't get me wrong, I ADORE the previous incarnations, I'm just saying the evolution in personality at this time makes sense. It's reminiscent of when Tom Baker took over the reins in the early seventies with his big grin and goofy scarf - just replace it with big hair and a goofy (but cool) bow tie.    I wasn't at all sure about Amy until I realised later in the series that we weren't talking about 'just' Amy but her interraction and role in a larger cast of characters including River Song. When placed in the Doctor's 'party' of travellers, she is an effective companion. She certainly isnt pulling off all the notes and expressions of Donna Noble or filling the doctor's heart and soul like Rose Tyler, but at this stage of the doctor's life I think that with the rest of the ensemble she does an admirable job. It's important not to consider her as a replacement for companions of the past because if you do, she doesnt feel (to me at least) like she is completing the picture, especially in the beginning episodes when you really focus on her.    It's definitely not the same as previous seasons. The darkness often appears and a few episodes have very sad moments, but theres a resilience in Matt Smith's doctor and an impeccable sense of comedic timing. If Tennant's doctor towards the end was a 'glass is half empty' kind of guy, Smith's is almost certainly 'half full'. Despite his youthful appearance he comes off as far far older. An excellent change of tone for the series and I am looking forward to next season!
B001C46P2K|4.0|A pleasant surprise, this one. Wonderful cast -  especially the superb Emily Blunt, who looks and convincingly acts the part of the spirited and independent young sovereign. A good script, beautiful costumes and staging - and, from what I know - historically accurate to boot. On that last point, most period dramas fail miserably. Rubert Friend is a very engaging Prince Albert, and he and Blunt have terrific on-screen chemistry as well.  Young Victoria shows you a side of the Queen history never mentions, one that most would never associate with the period named after her. We come to know her as a vibrant, passionate young woman as devoted to her husband as she is to the crown. If there are any glaring faults here, I missed them. Period film fans, this will not disappoint.
B003JYOFIW|3.0|.....which of course isn't necessarily a bad thing. Many of these songs are good and offer a slightly modern update to the Devo sound. They're full of energy - quite a bit more than most anything they've done in the past I'd say. This is definitely an upgrade, Devo 2.0 if you will. But most of these songs sound quite similar to each other; there isn't a lot of variation between them. They use the same synthesizer sound on nearly each one! I guess it's not really surprising for Devo since they've made the claim that music is merely serviceable, a means to an end (which purportedly has something to do with promoting their \\"devolution\\" philosophy). But whatever you think of their motivations, none of them can detract from the numbing, rather boring effect of hearing the same sounds throughout the album. Listening to the whole thing straight through can get a bit tiresome. The big exception is the second-to-last track, \\"No Place Like Home\\", which actually begins with some beautiful piano playing. The song opens up and breathes, a welcome change from the robotic rhythmic cluster heard on the rest of the album. Big fans will no doubt poo-poo this opinion but others should approach with caution. One line in particular from \\"What We Do\\" is quite telling: \\"What we do is what we do/ It's all the same, there's nothing new.\\" Give 'em credit for being honest!
B003KUSUG8|1.0|FOLKS!!! Download the album for free and STOP wasting your money on something that is going to collect dust anyway!!!
B003JLA4KS|5.0|what it takes to be a great rock band.  Rush is one of the most underrated bands of my time and I am glad for that.  It's underrated because they don't follow the mainstream garbage that gets pumped into our ears daily and is considered to be rock.  Rush has stood strong over the decades with keeping their style poetic and the music extremely tight for a 3 man band.  The only thing I am glad Rush did change was the length of their songs (see some of their earlier stuff for examples).  Anyway, watched this on Palladia the other night and it was just incredible.  If you are a Rush fan, this is an absolute must have!
B003L16FAE|5.0|The finally got it right. The first blu-ray release was a down right terrible transfer however this latest blu-ray offering is stunning and for fans of the series this is a must have!. The color saturation is rich and clean and the luma level are perfect. You won't have to ajust your set to get the picture right with this release. I love the first Predator best of all and it finally got a release deserving of its content!
B002BSHWUU|4.0|The older releases really are impressive. There's a real band playing those tunes and it is very clean - can hear things that I never noticed before. And I don't miss the crackles and pops that masked the tape hiss. Something about the later releases doesn't seem right. Most of the white album is irritating for some reason. Re-mixed to bring the distractions out front? Can't quite tie it down - maybe need to listen to the old vinyl to figure out what is different. A bit more hiss in some later songs but maybe that was the only way to preserve bandwidth. And some of the over-done things like in Sgt Pepper's is just as bad as the originals. That's just me though - seems they just got off on a tangent at times and didn't know when to quit. Overall, it been enjoyable to listen to. The only quality issue is that there was no CD in the Revolver cover. It was manufactured by Capitol Records but they can't be contacted. I guess if anything is missing, you're out of luck.     There's video clips also but I haven't watched all of them yet. Plus, there are liner notes with added content about the recordings. A lot of interesting info for Beatles fans. It's packaged nicely with ribbons to lift the two stacks of CDs and a sturdy case that slides into a sleeve.
1142816893|3.0|Newly-orphaned ten-year-old Pollyanna is sent to live with a stern aunt in a distant town.  Aunt Polly forbids her to mention her dead father's name and treats her like an unwanted poor relation--which is precisely what she is.  At least Nancy, the kindly housekeeper, treats the lonely child with compassion.  But Pollyanna has learned from her father to make lemonade out of life's lemons; she tries to be cheerful despite drawbacks and dealings with mean or sour adults. Without realizing it the little girl offers hope and cheer to others in town--in her charming, unsophisticated manner. Soon   the Glad Game is being played by her neighbors--adults as well as children--for light and joy bubble forth from her.     Tragedy strikes when Pollyanna is struck by an automobile and becomes crippled. The town rallies to her support and even stern Aunt Polly--harboring some secret grudge from the past--unbends to prove more human than previously demonstrated.  The 1913 style, when radios were newly in fashion, is quaint by today's standards, but the spirit of optimism, almost overdone, provides a valuable lesson.  We cannot control what happens to us--only how we react to those events; thus, this charming story offers gentle spiritual guidance without being preachy. Truly an American classic for kids of all ages.
B000NA1OXY|3.0|Off the back of two already very successful albums, Avril Lavigne seemed well-placed to continue moving from strengths to strength.  Unlike the darker material that featured prominently on its predecessor, Under My Skin, Avril instead geared this album toward live performances. In interviews, she mentioned her desire to create more upbeat music to counterbalance the rest of her moody material and make the shows more fun for her to perform. However, this did not come without its share of complaints, with many fans complaining that Avril had ditched her mature sound in favour of juvenile attempts to keep her teenage audience. Those who enjoyed her sophomore album tend to find this effort lacklustre, although fans of \\"Sk8r Boi\\" would feel right at home. In either case, the album once again proved to be widely successful, albeit it may not show Avril at her best.    Lead single \\"Girlfriend\\", reminiscent of the cheerleading standard \\"Hey Mickey\\", is an addictive track that occasionally borders on obnoxious. Here Avril proclaims that she can be better than someone's girlfriend, and tells him to leave the girl for her. While the track can get annoying at times, its energy and aggressive lyrics tend to keep it closer to catchy and enjoyable. Following in a similar vein, \\"I Can Do Better\\" is a fast-paced kiss-off track to a disappointing boyfriend. While it is a decent song on its own, it ends up sounding far too similar to \\"Girlfriend\\" when placed back-to-back, causing it to run together. Also, it should be noted that the uncensored version of the track sounds much better, without the \\"shh\\" noises in place of swear words. However, it is clear that Avril has fun with this one. \\"Runaway\\" is one of the better tracks, largely due to the chorus, although it is not the best the album has to offer. Here Avril succeeds at making an exciting upbeat track without it crossing over to become annoying. It's far from the best track of her career, but it serves its purpose for the album.Title track \\"The Best Damn Thing\\" is another one that showcases Avril's abilities to make truly enjoyable pop tracks. Like \\"Girlfriend\\", it has a kind of cheerleader vibe to it, however in this case Avril lists the things she hates when a guy doesn't do. Her assertiveness and attitude on the delivery really sell the lyrics. However, the section in the middle where Avril spells out her won name (\\"Give me an A - Always give me what I want\\") is a little unnecessary. Artists really need to stop spelling their names in songs. \\"When You're Gone\\" stands out at one of the highlights, rather ironically considering that Avril's focus was on creating upbeat tracks for live performances. However, it is hard to ignore her sincerity when she sings about missing someone she loves. The lyrics are simple yet sweet, showcasing how Avril's strength lies in sincere and mature tracks like this. Unfortunately, the maturity does not last long. \\"Everything Back But You\\" is an immature yet funny song about receiving a postcard from a boyfriend where he mistakenly writes, \\"I wish you were her.\\" While this is possibly the most juvenile track on the record, it is also one of the songs that is most convincing. One can easily see how Avril would have fun performing this well-crafted track.    \\"Hot\\", written with long-time songwriting partner Evan Taubenfeld, proves once again how well the pair works together. Again, the lyrics are not the most complex but the capture the meaning of the song well. The bridge is the best section, where Avril takes on a more subdued vocal style, pleading with a guy to never let her go. \\"Innocence\\" proves once again how Avril shines on the more mature tracks that the album has to offer, although they are few and far between. It is another track that attests to her and Evan's songwriting chemistry. This ballad is even stronger than \\"When You're Gone\\", although part of that may be due to the latter's being overplayed as a single. This is another track that shows Avril in a more vulnerable frame, where she sings about not wanting a partner to leave because she needs him. Ballads like this provide a nice contrast to the otherwise assertive, independent uptempo tracks. Unfortunately the streak of strong material comes to an end with \\"I Don't Have to Try.\\" While the track is not all that bad, it comes across quite irritating in comparison to the rest of the material, particularly on the chorus. It also doesn't help that Avril's voice is nearly drowned out by the extremely busy production. Although some may not find this a bad thing, as Avril's voice becomes near squealing in a few places, and her screams toward the end do nothing to add to the track.     \\"One of Those Girls\\" is a thoroughly mediocre track that suffers mostly from weak lyrics on the chorus. The verses, however, redeem the track somewhat. Here Avril sings about girls who take advantage of guys, especially for their money. The track would not have been out of place on her debut. It's a fun track, although quite forgettable once the album is over. \\"Contagious\\" is another unmemorable track, although like the previous track, it is not particularly bad either. Again, the lyrics on the chorus are the real weak point while the verses are better. Both of these tracks make for enjoyable album tracks that pad out the tracklisting nicely but do little to stand out as individual songs. Finally, the album ends up with a bonus, \\"Keep Holding On\\" from the Eragon soundtrack. Although it has become somewhat overplayed (then again, what single isn't?), this is a beautiful track that shows off the other side to Avril's abilities. Her voice also sounds somewhat stronger here, providing another reason for it to end off the album on a positive note.    Overall Mark: 3.5/5    It's ironic that the strongest material on an album that prides itself on being assertive, aggressive and upbeat ends up being the more vulnerable ballads. While Avril is certainly capable of crafting fun tracks that would suit live performances, they do not necessarily lend themselves very well when put together as an entire album. Many of the fast-paced tracks tend to either bleed together or else become very irritating. It may be precisely this that allows for the three ballads to stand out even more in contrast. However, that's not to say the entire album is weak. Much of it is actually quite good pop material although it is doubtful that many of these tracks will later become regarded as highlights of her career. In fact, the upbeat tracks run the risk of becoming dated in a few years time. As a final note, it should also be mentioned that the uncensored version of the album is the better choice (for those who don't mind a little swearing), as the replacement of words (ie. with other lyrics, or simply with \\"shh\\") either renders the sections irritating, or else completely nonsensical.
1594488843|3.0|This book is an interesting read, and certainly gives the reader much to think about. Here are some points I gathered from the book.    Pink asserts that rewards or incentives for good work are actually counterproductive to encouraging the best possible effort from people. BUT (and, there are lots of \\"BUTS\\" in this book if you read between the lines) this only seems to count if the person's base pay is comfortable. Does this mean, then, that intrinsic rewards don't apply to persons making minimum wage? Or, does work for work's sake only apply to white collar workers? Or hobbyists?    Oftentimes Pink will cite a scientific study to bolster his point, but then will casually mention, as an aside, a flaw in the study or something similar. This gets VERY confusing and vexing.    One of the best attributes of this book is his reading list. Not only does Pink cite books he feels support his book, but he gives us a brief synopsis of the cited material. I found this pretty handy and ordered some of the books he referenced.    The writing style is somewhat irritating. Pink lumbers between academic narrative to slang (the pseudo-word \\"ginormous\\" appears) and this bizarre shift in tone bogs down the reader.      Do I recommend this book? Sort of. If you are in a position where you are responsible for motivating people then this book will give you some things to think about. Otherwise, it is not as seminal as Pink would hope it is.
630460291X|2.0|While I received the dvd very quickly in the mail, I am pretty disappointed in the dvd itself.  To be such a short movie, you actually have to flip the dvd over half way through to finish watching it.  That's right.  Flip it over to finish watching it.  Like I said, I'm very pleased with the speed of the delivery, and will order from them again.  Perhaps next time I will splurge for the $10 dvd and get better quality.
B002ZG98Z0|5.0|Let me start out by saying, that I am a Sex and the City fanatic. A Carrie Bradshaw groupie. A Sex and the City nut. So, when I awoke on the morning of May, the twenty-seventh, in the year two thousand and ten, I knew I was in for a treat. Reading the early critical pans didn't particularly bother me, since I have faith in the genius writer-director Michael Patrick King, and my longtime love for these four iconic characters. I was happy to hear that the movie was going to be a little longer than your average chick-flick, since the first one was as well. I knew in a time frame of 145 minutes, a fabulous story built on love, friendship and adventure could be fabulously executed. I was excited to see how these girls were doing, not only in their lives, but by means of fashion. I was psyched to see each character's 50+ wardrobe changes. I can't help but be slightly materialistic when it comes to this series, that built itself on timeless style and elegance.    So, when I arrived at the sold-out theater for the 7:05 evening show, with my tickets pre-ordered, I was told to wait in a line that went around the theatre. As I was talking to nuts like myself, about what we expected in the film, I noticed a general feeling of excitement and happiness, that our two-year wait for an update with these legendary characters was finally over.    And let me tell you, my friends, I wasn't disappointed. I, for one, believe that these ladies, and these filmmakers can do no wrong. There were a few things that I would have done differently, but that goes for any film. The Sex and the City films do what a good film is supposed to do. You don't have to get yourself in the mood for this film, because, as you watch it, it puts you in the proper mindset, and feeling that it is trying to convey, and you feel as if you're catching up with an old group of friends who you haven't seen in far too long.    Sarah Jessica Parker, once again, owns the role of Carrie, who has been happily married for thepast two years, to Mr. Big (Chris Noth), and while still being very in love, they realize that such a dramatic change (marriage) can really change who you are in more ways than one. One thing I liked, in particular, about this one, are the marriage squabbles that Carrie and Big suffer through, are not unrealistic, (she wants to go out; he wants to stay in), and they're relatable for much of the audience, and these characters still seem like real people, who are still grounded in reality.    Cynthia Nixon's Miranda seems alot different in this film, than she was in the first one. She was the hard-headed cynic, through most of the series, and the first film, but in this one, she quits her job, and seems alot more bubbly and effervescent, which is a worrisome change, but it makes sense, through all the misery she encountered in the previous installments, that it's about time this character was happy.     Kristin Davis' Charlotte seems alot different in this film as well, which, isn't a case of sloppy writing, but a situation of character growth, and change. She's now a mother of two, a six year old Lily, and two-year-old Rose. She is extremely exhausted in her new life. She has an attractive nanny who she's terrified her husband will cheat with, which leads her to things like locking herself in the closet, and crying. The character of Charlotte, in the series, wanted nothing more than a normal life, of being a wife and mother, but she wanted true love, and happiness. Now, motherhood has thrown her for a curve-ball, and her life has changed, which happens to us all.    However, Kim Cattrall's Samantha, is exactly the same. After dumping her boyfriend Smith, of five years, she's back in her fabulous life, that she knows and loves. As a fan, you want a happy ending for Samantha, but you know that she's not going to stay with it for very long, because she isn't meant to. In this one, she's suffering, taking forty-four supplements a day, to essentially fight off menopause,which is something that much of the audience can relate to, obviously, and her timeless antics are never-ending, and Cattrall once again steals the show as the most overzealous one of the bunch.    In the film, Samantha takes all four girls on an all-expenses paid vacation to Abu Dhabi, where a hotel owner wants Samantha as their PR representative. This sequence is much better than the Mexico sequence in the first one, because it kind of has to be. This sequence is much longer than that one, and there's surprisingly alot of fun to be had, even in the desert. A scene where all four girls are walking across the Sahara dunes, with a variation of the theme song, playing in the background, gave me a feeling that I'll never forget. In this sequence, there also is a very memorable scene in which all four ladies sing a karaoke cover of Helen Reddy's \\"I Am Woman\\" in an Abu Dhabi nightclub. It's fun, and silly, and completely exhilarating. One of my only problems with this one, is that too much of it is set in Abu Dhabi. The series always referred to New York as its \\"fifth lady\\", and it felt like they were in the middle east for too much of the film.     Another thing that bugged me was, the first film had an ending with all four ladies at a nightclub, and it felt permanent. This one has a good enough ending, but a different ending. I wanted an ending similar to the first one, which makes me hope that this isn't the last we'll see of these girls. There's still much more of them to be seen, and I dearly hope that we'll be able to see them AT LEAST one more time on the big screen.
B000W7FDBM|5.0|Great DVD - I love full screen DVD's.  Does not skip like the widescreen version I purchsed (not at Amazon).  Thank you.
B003JLA4KS|3.0|It looks like if you get the Blueray [[ASIN:B003JLA4KS Rush: Beyond the Lighted Stage [Blu-ray]]]you only get the movie and not the extra bonus disc. Why did I replace my DVD player with a Blueray player If I'm not going to get the extra stuff????????
B003QNXPUK|5.0|I purchased the Zagg InvisibleShield Max Coverage for my new iPhone 4. Installation went on very easy. The key to putting this on is to not over do it with the water spray. Place the film on the phone and position carefully. I used a blow dryer to dry things up a tad after using the squeegee to get out as many bubbles as I can. I let it set for 12 hours and the phone looks amazing. I don't know why others posted so negatively on here. Perhaps they lacked patience and had difficulty in understanding the directions that came with this kit. I totally recommend. Don't let poor ratings concerning people's difficulty in applying this to your iPhone affect your purchase.
0891419063|5.0|I've been wanting to read this book since The Pacific debued on hbo. E.B. Sledge \\"Sledgehammer\\" is a great writter and he nailed EXACTLY how we Marines think. His descriptions are so vivid, you would swear you were landing on Peleliu with him. His words are great, it can be a tear jerker at times but that makes it great. I'm sure E.B. Sledge would be happy that another Marine thinks highly of this book. I actually thinking about reading it again. Semper fi Sledgehammer!
B002GZQY6Q|1.0|This was such a huge disappointment.. An album full of strange noises and hardly anything you could call a piece of music. Its sounds much like the Steven Wilson solo album which I couldnt listen through more than twice. What the heck has happened to Steven Wilson? Dont buy this, instead listen to the previous PT records once more. There is more to find than here.
B000R4SMCW|3.0|Anthony Hopkins performed his stuff as usual and without him this movie wouldn't have been released. It was a good story that could have been told a lot better. For instance, we are led to believe that the character played by AH was highly intelligent;an engineering scientist of some kind. But this was never developed to any degree. The Director need not have dwelt on it for long but just long enough to satisfy the audiences curiosity. Apart from AH and a couple of others the cast was ill selected. The principal part of the prosecuting lawyer was totally unconvincing. And are actors not taught how to enunciate their lines these days. In this movie the 'Method' acting style is used in which the actors speak like they would in an office. One has to keep upping the volume to understand what they're saying. Very irritating. So I give Direction a low score on this account and for the overall presentation. A pity, a dramatic balloon that was far from fully inflated.
0312330537|5.0|Excellent book filled with insights and wisdom. It gives more depth to understanding India and Afghanistan which is discussed in the context of when Russia occupied it. The words flowed poetically throughout the book.   I usually am a speed reader but this one I read every word.
B0010X73ZG|5.0|While \\"The Mist\\" has an abundance of \\"creepy crawlers,\\" especially the skyscraper-sized one that appears near the film's end, it is not those which are the most frightening.  That title belongs to Marcia Gay Harden's \\"Mrs. Carmody,\\" a religious zealot who manages to throw the seeds of mistrust into the grocery store as the assembly tries to map out its strategy to deal with marauding horde outside the doors.  The screenwriter crafted a character that truly believes that she is \\"the messenger of God\\" and that only she can weed out the true \\"evil\\" and she manages to turn others to her side, resulting in brother turning against brother.<br /><br />The film also allows fair screen time from the \\"minor\\" characters, giving each significance and even \\"noble deaths.\\"  Great performances are delivered by star Thomas Jane, Laurie Holden, Frances Sternhagen, Andre Braugher, Ollie Weeks, William Sadler, Sam Witwer, and young Nathan Gamble as Jane's son.  In fact, much praise should be given to the remaining cast members who manage to show what happens when \\"mob mentality\\" takes over.<br /><br />Like any good \\"monster\\" film, they are kept at a minimum, springing out at the right time to effectively maximize the fear quota.<br /><br />A plus on the DVD is the inclusion of a B & W cut of the movie, further solidifying its 50's monster movie origins.
B003E33RDW|5.0|This all comes in a slip cover. There are two separate cardboard cases inside, one of which is pictured. Inside there are two booklets, one in English and the other in Japanese. It also has two pages of stickers to fit on a regular jewel case, which is a nice addition as cardboard cases are easy to damage. Then of course there is disc one of In Rainbows, which sounds the exact same as any retail release, but is put into a smaller sleeve that's rather boring and really doesn't match the rest of the package, but it's easy to overlook. Disc Two, which was originally only released on a non-digital format in a very expensive deluxe edition that sold out quickly is right on par with disc one, and might even be more accessible and enjoyable than that first disc to some listeners. So I highly recommend this to Radiohead fans and newcomers a like, you will not be disappointed.<br /><br />Edit: I bought this when it was around 20 bucks, a much more reasonable price. While I still really like this import version a lot, its price has definitely reached a \\"collector's only\\" price point.
B0035WTE2U|5.0|It totaly rocks I love the music and also the live concerts included I really enjoyed it
0061537969|4.0|A beautifully crafted novel about the human life with all its ups and downs. A heart-wrenching and often sad story that grabs and holds the reader emotionally, but subtly leaves him/her with hope to carry on. A gentle philosophical piece about shaping our own destinies and choosing the high road even when everything is pointing against it. An endearing read. Occasional language will offend some readers.
B003KUSUG8|5.0|While I don't think this is a classic album it is a welcome return to form after 2 sub-par efforts which Eminem has brutally acknowledged in a few tracks on this album. Don't expect this album to sound similar to other classics as Marshall Mathers LP or The Eminem Show or even The Slim Shady LP, it doesn't. What it does do though is provide Eminem with a new fresh direction, he clearly has put a lot of effort and emotion into this album - and it shows.    Best songs on here include: Cold Wind Blows, Talkin' 2 Myself, On Fire, Going Through Changes, Not Afraid, Cinderella Man, So Bad, Almost Famous and Love The Way You Lie. The only downside to this album is a few tracks I just wasn't feeling: No Love and Space Bound.     There are a few tracks which have a rock guitar sound to them, Won't Back Down is one such track, not a bad song but I hope Eminem's next album contains fewer guitar strewn songs and more Dre-type beats that were used to on an Eminem album.    In conclusion, this album is definetely worth owning and is a huge improvement on Relapse and Encore. Whilst a few of the songs contain a Rock-like sound to them, some work quite well. Thankfully the accents have gone (another plus) and Eminem appears to have put more effort, emotion and thought into this piece of work. His lyrics back to being of the high standard we've come to expect from Slim, all in all a great return to form.
B000P0J0AQ|4.0|I received the DVD that I ordered in less than a week and was pleased with its condition.
037571412X|3.0|I chose this novel because I'm interested in the topic of teacher-student relationships and the different perspectives of them in literature. This is the first book I've read by Philip Roth. Although he is obviously very skilled with words, I found that the story overall left me depressed. I never connected with the main character and during much of the book, I hated him. I understood his desire to be free as he was when he was younger and the restrictions he felt his age put on him. However, overall he seemed like a disgusting person who lacked any real heart. Leaving his son and feeling no remorse for it? He acted as if he had to take no responsibility for his actions whatsoever.    Not to mention the way he declared that love and marriage are some pits of hell and that no one on the earth could possibly be happy... he was just so arrogant in his opinions, it was stomach turning. And he didn't even love Consuela... even the one girl who fascinated him above all others, he still couldn't love her. He seems like a machine to me. The novel is of course well written, but the main character is the last person I would ever want to meet in life.     Has anyone read the novel \\"Disgrace\\" by J. M. Coetzee?  I had just read that novel before this one, and it's funny because the main characters are like twins.  They're both old men, university professors, have affairs with a student, and are even both named David.  They both have very bitter outlooks on life, especially love, and if we could make literary characters interact with each other on deserted islands, they would find a long lost brother in each other.  Maybe with the absence of women on the island, and given the uncontrollable lust they have so in common, they could create a homosexual chapter to add to their 1,000 young female conquests.  Or maybe that's when they would finally find love.  That's why they've been so disillusioned!  They've been going after the wrong gender this whole time...
0061537969|1.0|If you are into auto racing or really think that dogs have more wisdom than people you'll probably love this anthropomorphic story told through the unspoken voice of the family pet, a Lab mix named Enzo.     I know I'm bucking the tide but this novel really didn't do it for me.  While learning some aspects of driving in auto races was interesting and I like dogs, learning it all through the contrivance of a talking dog just didn't offer enough substance to make up for the other inadequacies.  I realize that many have found this book inspiring and I don't question anyone else' emotional responses.    The plot is predictable, overly-sentimental, and basically suffers from the crime of being dull. The human characters including the main protagonist are flat, but the hero is the Philosopher Dog who loves to watch racing movies, TV shows, and Hollywood films.  He reveals his 5th favorite actor is Dustin Hoffman, or is Dustin his 4th favorite?  I guess a dog listing his favorite actors was intended to be funny or just cute.      By a quarter of the way through I could see it all coming but knew that a happy ending was in the offing after the yet-to-come travails.  There had to be travails and I knew that Enzo (or Lassie) would be there to help straighten it all out.    The aphorisms and comments on human behavior as told by this Philosopher Dog would be simplistic if they were spoken by a mere biped.     If, on the other hand, you would like to read truly clever observations on the human condition presented through the voice of non-humans, try the collections of the work of the late Don Marquis.  These are short and pithy articles about Archie (the cockroach, a reincarnated free-verse poet) and Mehitabel (the cat) written in the early 20th Century. [[ASIN:B000OLZQ86 The Lives and Times of Archy and Mehitabel]]
0143038583|5.0|This book is fascinating, written with a wry sense of humor.  Gets you to think about food in a new way.
B002ZG997C|4.0|This is a movie that seemed aspire to being Fallout 3, it is a good or atleast decent knockoff off Fallout 3. It is incredibly similar:    Post-apacoliptic settin, check  A wandering hero, check  religious references, check  a burnt wasteland, check  water being fought over, check  Bandits and raiders, check  a militaristic group gathering and perserving knowledge, check  Canibals, check    To me this is a Fallout 3 knockoff but is that really such a bad thing?
B003HLM2QO|5.0|Ozzy comes back with avengence with Scream. I fell Ozzy feels fresh here with new guitarist Gus G. giving the ozzman new breath. The bass from Blasko is amazing too. People say its not like the 80's 90's stuff, but u really want to hear the same material over and over again, not me. The change in music and sound helps alot, making for a great record, with heavy songs like soul sucker and let me hear you scream, to slow songs like Life wont wait and time, the balance is well done. Favorite tracks include Let It Die, Let Me Hear You Scream, Soul Sucker, Life WOnt Wait, Crucify, Fearless, Time, Latimer's Mercy, and I Love You All (one for all ozzy's fans) Keep Rocking!!!!!!!
B00021HBGS|5.0|Fast shipping. Great product. Easy clean up. Place in colander, rinse and let drain overnight. Ready again for next night's bath. Only concern: Once your child sets up the road and drives the cars and vehicles on it, you'll have trouble getting him/her to leave the tub. Lots of engaging fun! A highly recommended bath toy.
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|Yo, listen, get this now. I've been a hip hop & dancehall fan for many years. I rank this album in my top 3 easily. I've got \\"Tribal War\\" bumpin in my Sony X Walkman right now - damn, it's on hit. BUY this album, you will not regret it, well worth all your pennies. The 83 people (as I speak) have ranked this album a 5 for a reason. Nas and Damian Marley collaboration is no joke.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|This is the best show on television.  Can't wait for it to come out on DVD!
B0026P3G12|5.0|This music is very lovely.  It's still hard for me to believe that anyone could be that talented.  I like the large selection of music; it has a little bit of every type of music on the CD.  I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys very soothing music to listen to.
B002VPE1YS|4.0|I didn't think it was possible, but this quilted small electronics case is even uglier in person than it is in the photos. That being said, it does what it does pretty well. It's perfect for my Flip video camera, which is why I ordered it. The size is great, it's well padded, and it appears to be water resistant. I also love the drawstring closure and caribiner (aka, the little hooky thing you can use to clip this thing to your belt loop or backpack or whatever). Very functional. And verrrry ugly. But, given the price, a very good deal.
B0039UTDFG|3.0|A lot of folks have been commenting on Oprah Winfrey's narration, but there is arguably an even bigger problem with the American version of the Life Blu-ray. . . The image quality isn't as good as the original British (David Attenborough-narrated) Blu-ray release. For some reason, this version has 1080i video, while the original British version of the Blu-ray has 1080p video for all episodes except 'Plants.' For this reason as well as the superior narration, I strongly recommend getting the original British version of the Life Blu-ray.
B003O86FMW|4.0|Upon finishing [[ASIN:0439023483 The Hunger Games]], I immediately started [[ASIN:0439023491 Catching Fire (The Second Book of the Hunger Games)]]. As with the first, I couldn't put my Kindle down until the story was finished. Readers again see the action through Katniss Everdeen's eyes and feel the emotional ties she has to her family, friends, and love interests. Collins weaves in references from the first book to support and enhance the second extremely well. In this book, however, the limitations of the first person narration make it difficult for the reader to see the big picture simply because Katniss doesn't see it. Some of the plot points were a little too contrived and blatant, which, I suppose, gives the reader the information needed without breaking the first person narration. At the beginning of the story, I felt that President Snow's intimidation was a bit forced, but as the story reached it's end, I realized this was just part of the limitation of the first-person narration; Katniss was clueless, too, about his purpose. I also felt Katniss and Peeta's motivations to be awkward at times during the final scenes in the arena, which could have been resolved with a third person narration. At the end, though, Haymitch blithely telling Katniss that she couldn't be trusted with the plan, read as a final cop-out to me even though it sets up the final book in the trilogy.
B00004XPPE|5.0|There is no music in this film. There doesn't need to be. The dialogue between characters is gripping, maddening, saddening, and above all...brilliant. There aren't many special effects in this film, but it doesn't matter. The PEOPLE involved and the decisions they make are what matters. All the performances, especially Fonda's are nothing short of Oscar worthy, and it's a shame this film didn't get more recognition. The movie takes you by the throat so convincingly that you become incredibly invested in the decisions that are made, and when the President makes his decision to bomb New York, the impact on me was nothing short of shattering. This film also features one of the greatest openings and one of the greatest closings of all time. Combined they make the movie brilliantly circular, and the film's final line is probably one of the most brilliant I've ever heard. \\"The matador, the matador, the matador, the matador, me...me\\". If you haven't seen the film this may seem bizarre and even a bit ridiculous, if you have...it's jaw dropping. If you haven't seen this movie, you're missing out.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I have been hearing about [[ASIN:0439023483 The Hunger Games]] for a long time and finally got it for my Kindle. I read it in one sitting. While the plot is a version of King's [[ASIN:0451197968 The Running Man]], Collins gives it her own twist and enhances it with strong, well-written characters. We see the story through the eyes of Katniss Everdeen, a 16-year-old girl living in the farthest district from the Capitol of a post-apocalyptic United States. I was put off at first by the limits of the first-person, present tense narration; however, Collins does an amazing job of developing all the characters through the lens of her heroine. The intense action and powerful emotions had me alternating between biting my nails and tearing up throughout the book. I do caution readers, young ones especially, that some of the scenes are brutal.
0007208316|4.0|This is a very reputable one-volume Shakespeare book edited by the late professor Peter Alexander, chosen by the BBC as the basis for its major production of the complete Shakespearian plays. The book has an excellent introduction on William Shakespeare (who he was, his family, his writings & performance of his plays in his life time including the cast in some of his plays)! The book contains all his 36 Plays (catalogued) & 6 Poems (including all his Sonnets), appendix & glossary with 2 500 items (giving meaning to obsolete & difficult words and phrases). Footnote glossary would have been better than the glossary being at the back of the book! The book has been a \\"gold standard\\" since its first publication in 1951, a highly recommended reading.
B000002H6C|5.0|bob rock, and the passing bassist cliff burton were the downfall of these once mighty metal masters. cliffs final album was master, but had influence on this classic. justice was based more on lenghthy song structure than the previous albums. but remained interesting because of the heavy riffage, and tempo changes. it starts outs w blackenend which turns into a speed metal masterpiece and ends the same way w dyers eve. pure speed, thrash, awesome. in between is a rollercoaster ride of amazing riffs from these skilled musicians. this was the end. 4 great, amazing metallica albums. im sorry new fans who have no clue. metallica died over 20 yrs yrs ago. r.i.p metallica. r.i.p cliff.
0385342039|5.0|I loved every single word in this book.  It was a breezy and fun book to escape to.  Witty writer and great plot!
0385523386|5.0|Piper Kerman's memoir Orange is the New Black caught my attention from page one. Kerman writes about her time in the women's prison in Danbury, CT, after pleading guilty to money laundering and drug trafficking charges. Kerman is in her twenties in 1994, looking for adventure. When her partner Nora brings Kerman in to her drug business, Kerman doesn't think twice about becoming involved. Nora seems to have plenty of money and travels to exotic locations.     Years later Kerman has moved on with her life. She and Nora are no longer together, and Kerman is happily dating Larry, the man she will eventually marry, when her past comes back to haunt her. Kerman decides to plead guilty to the charges against her, knowing that by doing so her sentence will not be as long as if she stood trial and was then found guilty.     A decade after her crime, Piper finally begins her stint in prison. Although out of place, she is able to forge some friendships, and find commonalities with the other women there. Kerman's account of prison life does not make it out to be the scary place we see depicted in movies. Many of the prison staff were kind to her, although she did experience a few who were rude and downright mean. And while Kerman does not dispute her guilt or her punishment, she does show in her writing the amazement at that the many women she came across in prison who are in the system for long spans of time for somewhat minor offenses. The cost of this to us as taxpayers is astronomical. Along with that, the types of jobs these women hold while in prison and the lack of any real guidance for them as they re-enter society seems to set them up to return to prison. Many of them have never earned money legally and don't even know how to go about it. Kerman's background is different from most of the women there. She is college educated, has a supportive family that visits often, and has a job lined up for her upon her release. I found Kerman's account of prison life fascinating, and enjoyed hearing about the many books she read and the miles she ran each day to pass time.    Kerman's memoir is absorbing. She is able to provide and insider's perspective on the women's prison system as well as an account of her own life and how the choices she made in her youth affected her years later.
B00005JKJA|4.0|I think my copy has been edited! In the scene where Laura Harring drops her robe, her body has been brush faded, so that there is only flesh tone where her bush would be. I don't think it was like that when I first saw it.
1401223176|5.0|Let me first say that I was an avid comic book collector when I was younger. I have long since passed the days of running into a comic book store to pick up my favorite titles for the week. The graphic novel is the way to go. I love the way Jeph Loeb spins the web, if you like any of his other titles you will love this. My favorites have been the long Halloween, Dark Victory, Superman for all seasons, and Hulk Grey. The story is filled with plot twists and turns, as well as a nod to his great sidekicks and bat-gang. Great story with a wonderful arc and tempo. I loved the mixture of characters, as well as the introduction of a new villain. If you can enjoy a bit of change- you will love this title.
0375842209|5.0|The author, who is Austrailian, apparently grew up listening to stories about his parents while they lived in Munich and Austria watching bombs fall from the sky, also witnessing Nazi's march the Jewish people through the streets of town, ect.  He did a lot of research to make things historically correct, although the story is fiction.<br /><br />I found the narrator extremely interesting...the narrator of the book is \\"Death\\".  If death were a person, this might be what he would say.  Sounds morbid, but it works, Death feels haunted by humans.  Whom better to write about WWII than \\"someone\\" who was all over.  Death encounters a girl, Liesel Meminger several times and finds her intriguing, which is why he tells her story.<br /><br />My problems in life seem very small when I read books like this, I like that they give me perspective.  I have read several novels regarding World War II times, but this one was different.  In this book you get the German perspective on life during Hitler's reign in this book, which was an interesting view point. Not all German's were happy to conform with Hitler, which sometimes caused bad implications on them and their families.  You hear of people like the author's father who didn't want to attend Hilter Youth, or hang Nazi flags in their windows. This book explores many genres of humanity; darkness, light, horror, humor, love, life and death.  The only thing I hated about the book was they took the Lord's name in vain so much.  Even Death says these German's blaspheme too much!<br /><br />It just came to my attention this book is deemed a young adult book (9th grade-adult), there is no misake, this is an adult story written about a girl growing up in Nazi Germany. If I chose to cuss, I would now be profitient in German swearing!  Good for my trips to Germany, driving on the autobahn :)<br />After reading this book I feel thoughtful.  I can see 1940's Germany in my mind and it disturbs me, as it should!  Loved the book, the author is brilliant.
B0037QGS0A|4.0|Atom Egoyan underook a deserved homage and at the same time, a remake of \\"Nathalie\\" a French film dated from 2003 directed by Anne Fontaine (Emmaneulle Beart plays the role of Amanda Seyfried, Julianne Moore played sthe role of Fanny Ardant, and finally, Lian Neeson makes the role of Gerard Depardieu).<br /><br />\\"Chloe\\" is a mature and penetrating study about the existential condition of marriage. When a devoted wife who has lost her ability for keeping the seduction, reads a text message on the cell of his husband.<br /><br />In spite of the fact she is a renowned professional specialist, the desperation will lead her to meet accidentally a alluring young girl a modern Aphrodite. In order to inform herself about how to adopt new intimate attitudes, she decides to hire her to seduce her husband.<br /><br />This is the dramatic plot. But this fact will origin a set of unexpected situations and unknown sensations of complex nature that will lead to a shocking end.<br /><br />Once more, Julianne Moore steals the show as the desperate wife who intends by all her means, to avoid her marriage comes to end. Liam Neeson is fine too like the husband and Amanda Seyfried like the mysterious and perverse femme fatale.<br /><br />Fine direction from the talented Atom Egoyan one of my favorite filmmakers. A must-see.
0452273331|5.0|The Fountainhead novel compares and contrasts the states of psychological independence and dependence. To a large extent, the main characters of the story represent various shades and degrees of these two abstractions. Published in 1943, the book was conceived, written and is set principally in the New York City of the \\"Roaring Twenties\\" and the economically-depressed 1930s--a.k.a. the \\"Red Decade.\\" This was during the rise of the totalitarian dictorships of Nazism, Fascism, and Soviet Communism.    Beyond the fact that the book is a work of art, both in 'functional form' and in substance, these historical facts alone will keep Ayn Rand's novels, and especially The Fountainhead, high on the list of \\"must reads\\" today, and for a long time to come. That is, unless or until the \\"intelligentsia\\" succeeds in finally and fully discrediting both the author and her writings.    That is doubtful.
B002VPE1YS|5.0|I had actually been looking for a simple bag like this for a while -- something you could put the whole iPod Touch or iPhone into, case and all, and just throw in your purse.  It is the PERFECT size for an iPod/iPhone (without any wiggle room) and I'm sure most cell phones would fit.  Check the dimensions carefully for a camera or other device.      I recently discovered that it makes a great sunglasses case, too!  I am getting a lot of use out of this bag.    What I like:  --------------  * It has light padding, providing a little extra protection when your device is jostling around with a bunch of stuff in a purse or bag    * The material is silky, so the item slides right in or out (my iPod Touch has a silicone case on it, making it rubbery, and even with that it's pretty easy to slide in and out of this bag.    * GREAT price!  The perfect \\"I need $5 more to qualify for free shipping\\" item!  ;-)    * Drawstring close to really secure it when you need to    * Black color makes it discrete --  this can be helpful in an urban area where pickpocketing is a problem    What I didn't like:  ---------------------  * PACKAGING!!  Seriously, this thing came in a little box, which was then placed inside ANOTHER box that was over 2 feet long! (I think someone has posted a picture of the ridiculous packaging above.)  I do not understand the need for all of that packaging for a tiny quilted bag...I mean, it CAN'T break...!?    Of course, this doesn't detract from the usefulness of the item itself, but it's excessive and wasteful.  This could fit into your mailbox normally, but with the giant box, it looks like you've been delivered a small table from IKEA or something.  ;-)      Overall:   A very versatile little case at a bargain price.  I'm guessing that even if it doesn't fit the item you have in mind, you'll find something that will fit!  Right now I keep my iPod Touch in it when I'm outside, and then switch it to hold my sunglasses when I'm indoors.
B002VPE1YS|5.0|This is a wonderful little case with a million uses.  I can use it for my cellphone, my sunglasses, my reading glasses, my camera, my GPS and even as a jewelry case in my purse when I travel.  Well made of slick polyester and nicely padded.  The carabiner allows it to be securely attached to a purse, briefcase or backpack.  A very handy little accessory.      As an Amazon Basic item, this little pouch comes with a 24 page booklet in four languages explaining in detail the one year warranty and replacement guarantee.  I suspect that the booklet cost more than the case.  It certainly seems excessive for this item.
B000JIHP88|5.0|This was the third mobile we tried for our daughter, and she is now almost 3  and still uses the music box part on her twin bed. The first mobile we bought was the wind up kind (silly new mom i was...) and i soon realized that only lasted 30 seconds. The music with this lasts about 20 minutes, and by six months my daughter was pushing the buttons herself to re-start the music. We also tried a battery mobile with plastic pieces that slid around and woke her up - mistake - this one is quiet, soothing and just perfect.
B00127RAJY|5.0|For years I've been struggling with the extra 20 lbs.  I consider my self in good shape and have worked out for many years from stair climbing to 5 miles running every day and a little bit of weight training and couldn't get rid off the extra weight until I bought this DVD.  I just don't see how can some one get bore, then said the work outs are challenging???.  I started with level 1 for one week then jumped to level 2 the following week and I am now in level 3 and on time to time I'll do all 3 levels at least twice a week and it has done wonders for me!!  I also bought the 30 days shared diet book by Jillian Michaels and followed her diet plan and that was it baby!! My body took a totally different shape (great)within 30 days!!.  I am definitely buying other of the Biggest Loser videos not only for me but to give to some friends and family member I believe they would also benefit from them.  I highly recommend Jillian Michael's work out videos.
B0039ZF89G|5.0|Highest quality vinyl on any record ever.  No pops just music.  Love this album, just cant take this record off my turntable.  Love it, my guests love it, my girlfriend loves it.  What can I say?     The CD sounds awesome and remastered with great warmth .  Not enamored with the extra CD that comes with it.  The DVD is cool.  Love watching that material.  Such a unique period in my life as well as the Stones.  The book is a collectors item.  Pictures of how cool these guys were.  Cant say enough.  Thanks Stones for this great collection of music , video, and artful poetry from all the Stones.
B003KUSUG8|5.0|Although I've been acknowledging his talent since his debut, I wasn't exactly a fan until now. Was surprised by Not Afraid M/V, was blown away by Won't Back Down, and was awe-struck to see him perform Renegade on David Letterman, which collectively did me in. Had to run to the nearest store to get his CD and haven't been able to put it down since. I own a lot of cds, but it's hard to have so many favs on one album: Won't Back Down, Not Afraid, No Love, Space Bound, 25 To Life, Almost Famous, Love the Way You Lie. Even if you're not a big fan of hip-hop or Eminem, his new album might just turn you around, as it did for me. I have finally opened my ears (and eyes) and have come to terms that this man and his music is truly worthy of our time.
B003SAF76Q|5.0|heavy as ever and great production... i was recently thinking these guys were due for a new album and i am not disappointed!
0385736002|3.0|I found this book to be pretty entertaining, though not particularly fantastic. As a Harry Potter fan, I do love me some stories about magic and mythical creatures and all that stuff, however there were several things in this book that were starting to irk me.<br /><br />For one, I don't like the constant mention of Modern Stuff in the book. The internet and ipods and such, all of that seems so unnecessary. I get that he wants to show us that people like Flamel and his wife have adapted to modern day technology, but when it's mentioned in the books I feel like it pulls me out of the story. I don't think a book that talks about concepts such as Yggdrasill or Hekate should also have too many obvious mentions of laptops and ipods and goodness knows what else. They don't work very well in the same story for reasons I can't entirely put into words.<br /><br />Secondly, Josh Newman is an intensely irritating character. He's the kind of character that is so wrapped up in thinking about how inferior he feels to his sister that he isn't of any help, even in human ways, to anyone around. He's almost a problem, what with Dee now obviously enticing him to join his side. There are some characters that can be written to be horrible and yet still enjoyable, but Josh is not one of them. Whenever he comes up, I want to skip to the next chapter. I hope this nonsense on his part will be resolved soon because I don't want to have to deal with it for the whole series.<br /><br />Otherwise this is a pretty good book for magic fans, or fans of mythology. Michael Scott definitely has potential.
B0039TD7PY|5.0|A great combination - cd/dvd - good value and great show, just like being there in concert with Carole King and James Taylor.  Whether you can or don't get the opportunity to go to the actual show, this is the next best thing and it gets even better, you can watch it whenever you wish!  Would recommend this to anyone who is a fan of Carole King and James Taylor or a newcomer to the music of King and Taylor.
B000065PUE|5.0|Only introduced to The Pixies late and very late at that but better late than never. This is a fantastic album. A must-have in my list .... along with hundreds of others!!!
1597801585|5.0|I've finally gotten The Windup Girl off my to-read list, and having finished it, I'll have to watch Paolo Bacigalupi for future novels.<br /><br />The Windup Girl is something different than I've ever encountered. It's part wild cataclysm, part dystopia, part social commentary, and all action. I'm not kidding on the last, either. Whether it's Hock Seng shrewdly planning the rebirth of his financial empire, Anderson Lake pursuing an elusive new fruit on the behalf of shady agricultural megacorporations, Jaidee's crusade against the corrupt Trade cartel that aims to hijack Thailand's sovereignty for financial gain, or Emiko's constant struggle against her lot as a Windup, something is always moving.<br /><br />In this universe of the future, plagues of disease and gene-hacked insects have washed over the globe and oil is scarce or nonexistent. Not only has transportation crashed, but crops immune to the newest mutations of both are in short supply, and Thailand is one of the last bastions of agriculture not owned wholesale by the various calorie monopolies. It's a snapshot of a future dictated by gene patents, industrial sabotage, energy shortages, and nouveau slavery. Where kink-springs and flywheels are manually wound and filled by human and animal labor, countries fanatically guard their seed banks, and human life is worth less than ever before, because now it's direct competition.<br /><br />It's bleak and terrible, at least in Thailand. Bacigalupi crams this implicit desolation into every paragraph. Each character assumes it, thrives on it, perpetuates it for her own survival. Everything is dead or dying. Disease is around every corner. Starvation is a fact of life. It's very clear the world is now utterly despoiled of its bounty, and the remainder of humanity has been reduced to scavengers of various description. The pressure has brought out the worst in humanity, and the crucible of its survival is underway.<br /><br />By the end of this novel, I was defeated and broken. I hated humanity and all it wrought in this novel's universe. The plight of the Windups clinched my feelings in this regard. They're not people, but assumed automatons, bequeathed no souls by even the most liberal-minded, slaves and tools every one of them. Yet simultaneously they are the future, having faculties and abilities far outstripping their antiquated cousins, if only rendered infertile by public mandate and clever gene manipulation. It's certain that these impediments will eventually be removed, and then in decades or centuries to come, humanity will breathe it's last gasp and the real future will be born. This is the turning point we witness in The Windup Girl. It's a glimpse of the chaos necessary for the transition; a tiny justification of its origins.<br /><br />Despite the unrelenting action, the depressing atmosphere, the inescapable tincture of decay and desperation, this is a wonderful read. I'd dare even call it a classic in the making. Post-apocalyptic fiction is difficult to read, with the inherent hopelessness and depressing imagery, and this was no different, yet I can't help but cheer for Emiko and hope her ending will differ from the one humanity brought upon itself. It's compelling despite everything that makes it difficult to read, and I strongly suggest you make time for The Windup Girl.and all it wrought in this novel's universe. The plight of the Windups clinched my feelings in this regard. They're not people, but assumed automatons, bequeathed no souls by even the most liberal-minded, slaves and tools every one of them. Yet simultaneously they are the future, having faculties and abilities far outstripping their antiquated cousins, if only rendered infertile by public mandate and clever gene manipulation. It's certain that these impediments will eventually be removed, and then in decades or centuries to come, humanity will breathe it's last gasp and the real future will be born. This is the turning point we witness in The Windup Girl. It's a glimpse of the chaos necessary for the transition; a tiny justification of its origins.     Despite the unrelenting action, the depressing atmosphere, the inescapable tincture of decay and desperation, this is a wonderful read. I'd dare even call it a classic in the making. Post-apocalyptic fiction is difficult to read, with the inherent hopelessness and depressing imagery, and this was no different, yet I can't help but cheer for Emiko and hope her ending will differ from the one humanity brought upon itself. It's compelling despite everything that makes it difficult to read, and I strongly suggest you make time for The Windup Girl.
B003FK8V7G|4.0|They play like early days Springsteen ... just as good i must add. How more flattering can it get?
B001GCUO5M|4.0|This film may only be a one time view for some.  There are so many questions that you have throughout the movie and it seems they are answered at the end.  However, the last shot creates a question, so, is what you have at the end the reality or not?<br /><br />Similar in ways to movies like 'The Green Mile' in its depiction of the death of three children or like the surprise you may remember at the end of 'The Sixth Sense.'  This movie is sometimes very riveting and you are wondering if he is getting deeper into problems as the movie progresses.<br /><br />To me, there may have been a better viewership of this one if the trailers did not make it look like a horror movie.  At least to me, seeing what they portrayed made it look like that more than a suspense thriller.<br /><br />Dicaprio does a great job in his intensity and his confusion in dealing with his days attempting to solve a puzzle at the institution.  Is he going after someone, trying to expose a conspiracy, or what?  Ruffalo, Kingsley and von Sydow are just excellent in their delivery.  Kingsley comes across as compassionate, then he is adversarial, then down right confusion.  Since the movie takes place just a decade after WWII, you don't know if von Sydow's character is a former Nazi or not.  This all adds to the issues that Dicaprio is attempting to uncover.<br /><br />I would have viewed this earlier if not for thinking it was more of a horror film.  Overall, the plot is engaging and you are wondering when the next 'big thing' is going to happen.
1439102937|4.0|I was also compelled to write a review after reading some of the harsh reviews.  I really did enjoy this book.  It's a fun, easy summertime read.  Like another reviewer said, it's 100% chick lit.  That's exactly what I was wanted to take on the plane for my mini-vacation a couple weeks back.  I hope you enjoy it too!
B002N8A14M|4.0|For those of you who cannot fit your headphones to the base of this case, get a dremel tool (or a file) and grind down the opening a bit, then your headphones should fit. easy fix.     the armband works greats.
B00275EHIM|4.0|I thought this was an excellent adventure / love story with some wonderful special effects and chase / fight scenes. I'm a big fan of the video game franchise and it's sister series, Assassin's Creed. Because of that I appreciated the winks to the gamers the movie makers inserted here and there, like Dastan standing on a wooden outcropping with the camera swooping around behind him to take in the scenery and the collapse of the temple where he \\"surfs\\" through the sand. I jokingly told my sister who was watching with me, \\"Hey, I remember that level! It was hard!\\" Jake Gyllenhal is darling as Dastan, the doe-eyed Prince of Persia, (love those baby blues!) a character that comes across as surprisingly wholesome and innocent considering he's a grown man and a skilled warrior. The Prince is sweet, unassuming and a bit naive but also honorable, endearing and extremely hot. I watched this with my sons ages 9 & 12 and they both thought it \\"was the coolest movie ever!\\". As one of the critics said the writing could have used some work, it was definitely a bit clunky and forced at times. If you're looking for a deep introspective make-you-think type movie, keep looking. But if you're just looking for a really enjoyable way to spend an afternoon then definitely pick up this fun and funny movie that doesn't try to take itself too seriously. Definitely the best video game movie I've seen in a loooog time!
0060833459|5.0|What can be said about this book that hasn't already been said in the many other reviews. I just wanted to throw my two cents in and give this book another 5 star rating. This book never gets old and it's wisdom just spills off the pages. Thank you Peter Drucker for your insight and style. Great book, very easy to implement and well worth your time to read if you are a manager/leader or aspire to be some day.
B003CIG7AE|4.0|Does not sound very different from their first two albums ... why change a winning formula? If you like the first two, you will like this too.
B00275EGWY|1.0|1.  As in most cases, the intellectual elite, the critics et al just don't get it.  This is no better exemplified with all the hoopla that surrounded this movie.  I'm not a combat vet from the Iraq war, but I've spent my time in the military and this is just another one of those... pseudo documentary military movies with a definite left-leaning perspective on things that basically is based more on the fantasy of those so called sophisticated folks who write / create these movies than \\"reality.\\"  With that being said, I would be ok with it if the movie just wasn't... so boring.  I mean, where's the \\"story\\",  where's the character development.  I'm probably expecting a little too much from movies these days... such as being semi-entertained and enlightened .  With this movie, you'll get neither... for the most part.<br /><br />2.  In summary, save your precious bucks and buy... a decent burger or something.  You'll get more enjoyment and enlightenment out of that compared to watching this dud.
B003FK8V7G|4.0|I have listened to all the songs from the Gaslight Anthem, both off their first album \\"Sink or Swim\\" and \\"The 59 Sound\\". Suffice to say that the band has moved away from the original songs on the first two albums, and have a distinctly new sound on this album. This sound is not so much 'punk' as their first album, and also seems to lack the fast pace sounds of their first two albums.    I read a review for this CD which, quite rightly, states that it is near impossible to dislike this album. It is catchy and beautifully crafted and only matures as you repeat the listens. However, after such a very strong second album, this album had one or two things I was disappointed with. I noticed quickly that Brian Fallon's voice has a different timbre compared with the first two album's, and also that the band's new sound is a very strong homage to Bruce Springsteen, almost too strong. I hope the band realises that we loved them for their originality, and we've already got one Springsteen! The lyrics themselves are also changed, and instead of featuring a seamless intertextuality of old songs, lyrics and allusions, the songs sing as if they are now in the midst of a complete flashback, so its not as subtle for me. I liked the whole modern-punk-band-with-old-fashioned idea.    I love Gaslight Anthem, and I would be lying if I said I wasn't listening to this album near constantly in my car. However, there are just less of those 'chills' on this album. Sometimes the rasp in Brian's voice sounds a bit too affected, and it's lost its cartharsis of the first two albums. There are songs - like Orphans and Old Haunts - that almost reaches those same shivers with a single line like their old work, but alot of the time I just bop along rather then being struck with awe.    I hope this band enjoys much more success, and continue to explore and produce their own sound beyond being simply a tribute band to people like Springsteen. It would be a shame to lose this band's individuality to the pressure of filling the shoes of the old rock era.
0783225849|5.0|Psycho (1960), the black-and-white horror masterpiece from Alfred Hitchcock, is one of the great movies of all time.  It certainly is one of my favorite movies of all time.  Everything about this movie was done so well - the suspense, the musical score, the wise use of black-and-white instead of color, the acting, the scariness, everything.<br /><br />The movies stars Anthony Perkins, Vera Miles, John Gavin, Martin Balsam, John McIntire, and Janet Leigh.<br /><br />Just for fun, a couple of things I found kind of funny...<br /><br />Marion Crane (Janet Leigh) has stolen $40,000 from her employer.  At one point after driving all night she pulls over on the side of the road to catch some zzzzzz's, and when the cop wakes her up the next day, she says she's in a hurry to go.  Well, she wasn't in a hurry before the cop woke her up.  I know she's just saying to the cop that she's in a hurry in order to get away from him because of her guilt over stealing the money and her desire to keep hiding it, but this scene is kind of funny.  After driving all night again, this time in the rain, she stops at a motel for some rest.  The motel is run by Norman Bates (Anthony Perkins).  His house is a short distance away from the motel.  She says to Bates that she's hungry.  Bates says he can bring her some food, and that he was just about to eat himself.  He brings the food, then she says that she really doesn't have an appetite.  Then she says to Bates that as long as he brought the food, they may as well eat it.  They go into the office to eat, but suddenly Bates isn't hungry.  I get a kick out of this.<br /><br />That's all I'm going to say.  I don't want to give away what happens.  Read other reviews if you want to find out everything that goes on in this movie.  The now infamous \\"shower scene\\" is classic, but I think the best part of the movie is when private detective Milton Arbogast (played by Martin Balsam) is questioning Norman Bates at the front desk.  The overall performance of Anthony Perkins throughout the movie is great.  He carries this movie.  Martin Balsam is also great as Milton Arbogast.  Vera Miles and John Gavin give great performances as well.  The overall atmosphere in general is one of the strong points.  The rain, the night sky, the swamp, the motel, the house........it looks like a haunted house.  I like the darkness and shadowy atmosphere throughout the movie.  This movie can easily be put into the \\"film noir\\" category.  In my opinion, the second half of the movie is just as strong as the first half, if not stronger.  Bernard Herrmann's iconic score adds so much to an already creepy movie.  It's one of the great horror movie scores in movie history.  Not only that, but I think it's one of the great movie scores in movie history, period.  The acting throughout this movie is top-notch.  The camerawork is top-notch.  The unique camera angles also add a lot of depth to the movie.<br /><br />Some of the extras on this DVD include The Making Of Psycho documentary, a censored scene, theatrical trailers, production drawings, the shower scene with and without the music, newsreel footage, and photos from when the movie was being shot.<br /><br />If you want to watch a horror masterpiece by Hitchcock, then this is your movie.  Very highly recommended.of Anthony Perkins throughout the movie is great.  He carries this movie.  Martin Balsam is also great as Milton Arbogast.  Vera Miles and John Gavin give great performances as well.  The overall atmosphere in general is one of the strong points.  The rain, the night sky, the swamp, the motel, the house........it looks like a haunted house.  I like the darkness and shadowy atmosphere throughout the movie.  This movie can easily be put into the \\"film noir\\" category.  In my opinion, the second half of the movie is just as strong as the first half, if not stronger.  Bernard Herrmann's iconic score adds so much to an already creepy movie.  It's one of the great horror movie scores in movie history.  Not only that, but I think it's one of the great movie scores in movie history, period.  The acting throughout this movie is top-notch.  The camerawork is top-notch.  The unique camera angles also add a lot of depth to the movie.<br /><br />Some of the extras on this DVD include The Making Of Psycho documentary, a censored scene, theatrical trailers, production drawings, the shower scene with and without the music, newsreel footage, and photos from when the movie was being shot.<br /><br />If you want to watch a horror masterpiece by Hitchcock, then this is your movie.  Very highly recommended.
B0013FXWU6|5.0|When was the last time you saw an actor portray an absolutely vile and reprehensible human being and want to give said actor a standing ovation?  Folks, Daniel Day-Lewis is as brilliant as he is mesmerizing as ambitious oilman Daniel Plainview in THERE WILL BE BLOOD, a powerful film depicting the oil industry in the infancy of the 20th Century.  Over the span of about 30 years, we see Plainview transform from a smooth-talking salesman to a vicious, greedy tycoon; the common theme throughout this transformation is Plainview's utter contempt for his fellow man.  No one--not even his own blood--is worthy, especially if they happen to get in Plainview's way.<br /><br />Day-Lewis is riveting playing such an odious, contemptible character; whether he's feigning compassion or committing cold-blooded crimes he's totally convincing and believable.  This film is a one-man show, as Day-Lewis completely dominates every scene he's in--not in an overbearing manner, but masterfully and brilliantly.  That's not to say the supporting cast isn't up to par, because it is; led by Paul Dano playing a young faith healer with a most annoying girlish scream, the cast augments Day-Lewis's performance.  Honorable mention goes to Kevin J. O'Connor playing Plainview's long lost brother Henry.<br /><br />THERE WILL BE BLOOD is a finely crafted film featuring award-winning cinematography by Robert Elswit and a most haunting musical score by Jonny Greenwood.  Haunting is a great word to describe this film; stunning yet another, as Day-Lewis delivers a most disagreeable character via an exceptional performance.  See this movie!<br />--D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoning
B003JLA4KS|5.0|Sure they've had some hit songs that still get radio play to this day, but Rush has always been a band that just hangs on the outer reaches of fame and popularity. Critics never got them, as you'll see here, and they are still left out of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. After watching this documentary, the reason is quite simple. They play what they want and could care less about what anyone thinks. As a listener, you either get it or you don't. The musicianship is incredible of course, especially knowing that all that depth and skill is coming from only three guys. I've seen them twice in concert (2002 and 2007) and own two of their live DVDs, so I would consider myself a middle level fan.<br /><br />Rush: Beyond the Lighted stage goes into the band's history from the very beginning all the way up to present day. There is some neat old footage of the guys playing at high schools in the late 60's and very early 70's, as well as, an interesting argument with guitarist, Alex Lifeson, around the age of 16, telling his parents he's quitting school to pursue his music career. I don't know who would be filming a conversation like this, especially back them, when everything that happened in your life wasn't posted on the web. It also explores the death of Neil Peart's wife and daughter, which led to his disappearance that went on for years as he traveled the world on his own.<br /><br />Geddy Lee and Alex Lifeson are very likeable and provide most of the humor, but I was also interested in the quiet and often camera shy Neil Peart. Other than being one of the greatest rock drummers ever, he seems like a smart fellow, but also vastly different than the other two guys. They are the ones who interact with the fans at the meet and greets, while Neil Peart's social awkwardness keeps him behind closed doors.<br /><br />There are also several other artists that talk about the influence of Rush on them, ranging from Kirk Hammett and Billy Corgan, all the way to Jack Black.<br /><br />If you are a fan of Rush on any level this is a must see. Even if you're not, this is a well crafted rock documentary that is anything but boring.on any level this is a must see. Even if you're not, this is a well crafted rock documentary that is anything but boring.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|As many others have pointed out, a movie like this without trailers, features, etc is really lame.    Of course I never would have paid for it but it is a fine example of how a major company can  team up with a major movie maker to bilk the public.  If I read that he's giving all of  his proceeds from this pathetic effort to Global Green, maybe I'll change my mind.
B0013N3DSE|5.0|Of course the story is a classic, nothing else need be said about that. I purchased the BD to get a feel for what kind of picture quality was possible for films of this vintage. Although not as pristine as we have come to expect from todays high quality blu ray movies, I was quite impressed with the overall quality of this disk. Will definitely watch again. If you enjoy the genre and appreciate picture quality you may want to get this one. I give it 5 stars due to the pq vs age factor.
0783240236|5.0|The Birds (1963) is another horror masterpiece from Alfred Hitchcock, right up there with Psycho (1960).  This classic stars Rod Taylor, Jessica Tandy, Suzanne Pleshette, and 'Tippi' Hedren.  This movie is based on the novel by Daphne Du Maurier.<br /><br />This was the first Hitchcock movie I ever saw.  I saw it on TV in the early 1980s.  I can appreciate this movie's special effects, even though they're nothing compared to today's CGI special effects.  For a movie that came out in 1963, it's pretty impressive.  A lot of effort went into creating the hundreds of attacking birds with trick shots.  The CGI effects of today are obviously done on a computer.<br /><br />Basically this movie is about Melanie Daniels ('Tippi' Hedren), who drives into Bodega Bay in California.  She's after a bachelor named Mitch Brenner (Rod Taylor).  At one point she's suddenly and mysteriously attacked by a seagull.  This is the first sign that something is going on with the birds in the area.  Pretty soon there are thousands of birds flying into the town and attacking everybody, including school children.  Melanie and Mitch are attacked viciously as well (especially Melanie).  They make an attempt to drive out of town.  Do they make it unscathed?<br /><br />'Tippi' Hedren carries this movie.  She's a looker and can act well.  The cinematography is excellent.  This is one of the most scenic movies I've ever seen, shot in San Francisco and Bodega Bay, California.  The absence of music for most of the movie is highly effective at creating the right feel and atmosphere.<br /><br />This DVD has many extras, including a documentary about the movie, a deleted scene, the original ending, a storyboard sequence, 'Tippi' Hedren's screen test, a promotional film from the time period of the movie's release, mini bios on the cast and filmmakers, the theatrical trailer, and more.<br /><br />I highly recommend this horror classic.  Sadly, a remake is supposed to come out in 2013, which is 50 years after the original.
0375826742|5.0|I'm a big fan of the Inheritance saga by Christopher Paolini.  It's a very engaging read.  I think one of the things I like about his magic is that it obeys the principle of conservation of energy.  As a physicist I think it's a fun idea to be able to shape the world around you but still be bound to the fundamental laws of physics.
B003HGKJH8|5.0|Buzzing, full-length debut from Perth, Australia is a fluid, drift-through-the-clouds, trippy<br />  psychedelic pop/rock gem with an engulfing sense of melody that will sweep you to a fantasy land<br />  where every dust nugget is a glittering golden angel--naked, smiling, beckoning.  Blasted by<br />  sonorous waves of sonic reverb, \\"Innerspeaker\\" is \\"a rainbow sandstorm of stoned riffage, mind-<br />  bending melody and blissed out adventurism...\\".  It's not really a \\"hum & bounce\\" thing; more<br />  of a \\"float & smile\\" trip.  The front cover shows an eternal vortex of clouds, trees, skies &<br />  mystery--a perfect album description.  Some similarities to Flaming Lips, MGMT, Dungen,<br />  Mercury Rev, The Nazz, Bubble Puppy.
0399156690|5.0|Reading a book by Nora Roberts is like gaining a whole set of new friends.<br /><br />Fiona Bristow leads a quiet and fulfilled live on Orcas Island. She runs a dog school, leads a canine search and rescue group and adores living with her three dogs. When she meets Simon Doyle and his dog Jaws (you have to adore him!) she doesn't want to be interested in the moody and blunt wood artist. Ever since she nearly became the vicitm of the Red Scarf serial killer who later murdered her fiance she has been staying away from relationships with men. Simon is also not really interested in starting something with Fiona. Living on small Orcas Island and with his playful puppy is a new experience for him and he enjoys being single. However the more time Fiona and Simon spend together through obedience training for Jaws the more the attraction between them grows.<br />When a copycat killer starts to murder young woman and it seems that Fiona might be his final victim everything changes. Staying back is no longer an option for Simon and he will do everything to make sure that Fiona stays safe.<br /><br />Once again Nora Roberts created a great and very entertaining novel. What I enjoyed about \\"The Search\\" are the likable, realistic characters and especially the detailed description of Fiona's job, her life on Orcas Island and her relationship with Simon.<br />IMO this book is the perfect choice for a quiet weekend when you have time for yourself and can really dip into the story. It took me some pages to get into the book but then I loved it. I always appreciate it when an author describes her characters and what is important to them in detail so I enjoyed reading all the little things about Fiona's life and her business. At the end of the book I felt like Fiona, Simon and co. were like friends. I would definitely have something to talk about with them because I learned so much of their life through this book.<br />I'm not really a dog lover (cats all the way!) but still I enjoyed reading about the dogs and especially the search and rescue missions fascinated me. The book starts with one of these missions and that really helped me to get a connection with Fiona and her dogs.<br />Fiona is a true survivor and she's a very strong woman. I enjoyed everything about her and Simon's relationship. Simon is a bit moody and says just what he thinks. He reminds me a bit of Brody from \\"Angels Fall\\" who is one of my favourite heroes ever. There are some really funny scenes when Simon tries to handle Jaws and also when tries to fight against his feelings for Fiona. I loved how protective he became of her even though he didn't really want to.<br />The mystery part of the book is not too dark and it's not about figuring out who the killer is. It's more like a character study of the murderers and how it affects the life of Fiona and the people close to her. I enjoyed that the book is not overly dramatic because that wouldn't have worked for me.<br /><br />So, if you love a book full of multifaceted characters, an intelligent and thrilling mystery plot and a detailed way of writing then \\"The Search\\" by Nora Roberts is a book you should read.specially the search and rescue missions fascinated me. The book starts with one of these missions and that really helped me to get a connection with Fiona and her dogs.  Fiona is a true survivor and she's a very strong woman. I enjoyed everything about her and Simon's relationship. Simon is a bit moody and says just what he thinks. He reminds me a bit of Brody from \\"Angels Fall\\" who is one of my favourite heroes ever. There are some really funny scenes when Simon tries to handle Jaws and also when tries to fight against his feelings for Fiona. I loved how protective he became of her even though he didn't really want to.  The mystery part of the book is not too dark and it's not about figuring out who the killer is. It's more like a character study of the murderers and how it affects the life of Fiona and the people close to her. I enjoyed that the book is not overly dramatic because that wouldn't have worked for me.    So, if you love a book full of multifaceted characters, an intelligent and thrilling mystery plot and a detailed way of writing then \\"The Search\\" by Nora Roberts is a book you should read.
B000002MZ9|3.0|I absolutely agree with the other reviewer who noted that any of the songs on this Cd would be a welcome addition to any other Neil Young recording but taken together they become uninteresting and monotonous (my words, not his). The drumming is uninspiring -  bang, bang, thud thud, bang bang bang. Were the drums not so up front in the mix they wouldn't be so irritating. I love Neil Young and am a moderate fan of Pearl Jam (love Ten all the way through but prefer most of the band's Cds in small doses). I wanted to like this collaboration more than I do. This music isn't horrible (like that on Re-ac-tor and Landing on Water). It just doesn't grab me. Now if I were a big fan of PJ and a moderate fan of NY I suspect that I would feel differently. Throw Your Hatred Down is a great song and, indeed, to repeat myself, individually I do like most of the songs here. Maybe I just like Crazy Horse more as Young's back-up band.
B003QNXPUK|5.0|I'll keep this short...super easy install, no bubbles left over like some protectors, and a nice grip. Also, less smudging compared to an Apple product I used on my last iphone. Very happy! A bit pricey, but it has a lifetime warranty.
B003MC5N28|4.0|I first read this book, like most, in junior high as an English requirement.  It turned out to be one of the best books I think I read as a teenager.  There was a lot to learn in this book, like all of Lowry's books.  There is so much emotional detail to the main characters it is impossible to avoid feeling the happiness, sadness, confusion and remorse that they feel.  When I am between reads and looking for another, this has become one of my go to books for a quick re-read.  Although I absolutely love the book itself, I gave it 4 stars due to the nature of the read.  The emotion that is so well written into the characters can really be too much depending on the emotional maturity of the child reading.  I do however recommend this book as a quick, fun and informative read to any adult.  It is truly an eye opener into the issue of the problems of conformity and makes you truly thankful for the freedoms and diversity we have for us today.
1556438850|5.0|A really well structured guide to teaching hatha yoga and pranayama, some basic meditations, and detailed instructions on teaching yoga asanas. As a meditation instructor who began his own hatha yoga training with BKS Iyengar and several of his students, I find this a useful contemporary contribution to the field. While one could quibble with some details of the book's historical and philosophical sections, at least there is an overview of yoga philosophy, ethics, etc., which many similar books are lacking. The book's greatest strengths are its in-depth exploration of hatha yoga instruction, detailed notes on the asanas, and organization of classes, which are the author's areas of expertise. Highly recommended for hatha yoga instructors and advanced students.
B0029LX2LC|5.0|As simple as this: if you loved the other Roots albums this is a must have. For new listeners this is a perfect time to start with the Roots. GREAT ALBUM with GREAT FEATURES!
B001UV4XFG|5.0|In my town we had a showing of the first two of the saga for one ticket price starting at 6:30 PM Tues.  Then the premiere at 12:00. Same theater so you didn't have to move from your seats.  This was so awesome.  Eclipse was worth waiting for.  It was super!
B002QEXBGS|5.0|JACQUES OFFENBACH'S ORPH&Eacute;E AUX ENFERS (ORPHEUS IN THE UNDERWORLD)<br />a production by the Op&eacute;ra National de Lyon, ArtHaus Music, 2009.<br /><br />I was not familiar with this work when I bought it. I only ordered it because Natalie Dessay is in it. The box calls it an Opera Buffa. Were Offenbach German, for a second or so I thought it might have been called a singspiel. [The word in German means 'sing-play'. But believe me it bears little relationship to the singspiel I know best, The Marriage of Figaro, so I abandoned that notion post-haste. Singspiels are in every way an opera except in an opera the connections between arias and other melodic parts are declaimed as recitatives, usually accompanied by harpsichord,  cello, or orchestra, whereas in a singspiel they are spoken. A recitative is vaguely similar to a chant. Very vaguely.]The liner notes claim Orphe'''e was the first operetta when it premiered in 1858. Whatever the appropriate category, I call it outrageous, x-rated fun, full of comedy, farce, and slapstick.<br /><br />The story is a takeoff on the myth of Orpheus in the Underworld, where he goes to retrieve his wife, Eurydice. I shall not betray the plot and spoil your fun, but here are some of the incidentals that make it a sketch: The cast all have Dr. Spock ears. The Corps de Ballet is composed of men and women, both in traditional ballet dress. Two of the chorus are visibly pregnant. The Greek dramatic `Chorus' is replaced by `Public Opinion', a woman who reminds me of a prude in my childhood church. Jupiter (called `Jupie' by his relatives, gods and demi-gods on Olympus) is at war with Pluto (his brother and the god of the underworld). Juno, Jupiter's wife, runs around in an old fashioned corset (or something like that; I am not too up on women's underclothes of times before the present) and turns out to be bald. The Olympiad gods, demi-gods, and relatives of Jubie's revolt against the boredom of heaven and of having his providing them only with nectar and ambrosia, instead of the Lyon sausage brought up to Olympus by Pluto from Hades, in snowshoes, using ski poles. Venus and Cupid return in the early morning to Olympus after separate one night stands on earth. There is a drunken orgy in this afterword. And Eurydice and a giant fly make love all the while singing `Zz. Zz. Zz.\\"<br /><br />The music ranges from the intricate, complicated, and adroit to the familiar (Can-Can). All of the voices are superb, with Dessay at her usual brilliant best as coloratura and actress (in this case, comedienne).<br /><br />This production of the Ope'ra National de Lyon was recorded live in 1997. Dessay, singing with it, relative to the Op'era de Paris reminds me of Beverly Sills at the New York City Opera relative to the Metropolitan Opera. I respectfully suggest that you watch it with a bunch of your musically aware buds with lots of wine flowing. You will understand why I say this by the end of the show.<br /><br />Dessay is an operatic genius, if one is permitted to speak this way. Most singers, when they play a role, make it plain they are first and foremost singers, not actors. Even the best of them, in which the acting is superb, never let you forget their primary occupation. Not Natalie Dessay. When she acts I forget she is a coloratura par excellence. I forget even that she is acting. She is her role, whether in DVD's as Olympia in The Tales of Hoffmann (the funniest characterization I ever saw in an opera) or as Mad Ophelia in Hamlet (where the audience with incessant clapping will not, absolutely will not let her arise from the floor at the conclusion of the scene). But the voice is always there. No matter how her body is contorted by the Director or she is moving about to express the role, it is ever the same--beyond belief., instead of the Lyon sausage brought up to Olympus by Pluto from Hades, in snowshoes, using ski poles. Venus and Cupid return in the early morning to Olympus after separate one night stands on earth. There is a drunken orgy in this afterword. And Eurydice and a giant fly make love all the while singing `Zz. Zz. Zz.\\"    The music ranges from the intricate, complicated, and adroit to the familiar (Can-Can). All of the voices are superb, with Dessay at her usual brilliant best as coloratura and actress (in this case, comedienne).    This production of the Opera National de Lyon was recorded live in 1997. Dessay, singing with it, relative to the Opera de Paris reminds me of Beverly Sills at the New York City Opera relative to the Metropolitan Opera. I respectfully suggest that you watch it with a bunch of your musically aware buds with lots of wine flowing. You will understand why I say this by the end of the show.    Dessay is an operatic genius, if one is permitted to speak this way. Most singers, when they play a role, make it plain they are first and foremost singers, not actors. Even the best of them, in which the acting is superb, never let you forget their primary occupation. Not Natalie Dessay. When she acts I forget she is a coloratura par excellence. I forget even that she is acting. She is her role, whether in DVD's as Olympia in The Tales of Hoffmann (the funniest characterization I ever saw in an opera) or as Mad Ophelia in Hamlet (where the audience with incessant clapping will not, absolutely will not let her arise from the floor at the conclusion of the scene). But the voice is always there. No matter how her body is contorted by the Director or she is moving about to express the role, it is ever the same--beyond belief.
B002UM5BXW|4.0|The book is great. There is a lot of useful advice, but it is mostly filled with entertaining stories of working in the restaurant business.     Unfortunately, the kindle version is filled with errors. I don't mind one or two, but there are so many in this book that I find them distracting. This was the first kindle book I've purchased for my iPad, so I don't know if this is a common problem or not. I am, however, quite disappointed with the experience and am therefore far less likely to buy more kindle books for my iPad. I am leaving the review at four stars because I thoroughly enjoyed the book.
1416594787|5.0|This is a long book but every sentence is beautifully placed to bring home the point! i.e. we are a product of billions years of slow and progressive evolution of species, completely debunking the mythological account of creationist.  I like the fact that Dawkins debunks the foolish creationists theory of earth being <6000 years old and all those floods and stuff.   The evidence presented is solid and the book structure is smooth and logical to make informed readers appreciate this game of nature, which we call evolution.
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|This is a must have album for hip hop fans and reggae alike. A perfect mix of both that just sounds perfect. Every track is a classic.
1423113381|5.0|Written by the same author as the Percy Jackson and the Olympians series this is the start of a new series centering around the Egyptian mythology.  Personally I think this book is better written and the characters have more depth. I am eagerly awaiting the next book in The Kane Chronicles.
B002UM5BXW|2.0|First, the content of the book wasn't very coherent.  Didn't seem to be organized in any particular way, but the stories were interesting at least.  I did find it a bit weird that he used fake names for all his former bosses.   Don't you think that they'll recognize themselves in the book?      The bad part is that Kindle edition has a typo in literally every other sentence.  Clearly the result of a poorly OCR'd book without proper proof-reading.   Nearly every foreign word was garbled.  This made reading a book about cooking (lots of French terms) really annoying.   The publisher should be ashamed to put out such a shoddy product.
B001NLKT60|4.0|I loved \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" and also loved the sequel, \\"The Girl Who Played with Fire.\\" Admittedly, this book isn't QUITE as good as the first installment in Stieg Larsson's series, but it comes pretty close. While the story does drag a bit in places, I love that the entire story focuses on Lisbeth Salander, who finds herself in the middle of a triple homicide case and is on the run from authorities. Journalist Mikael Blomkvist is one of the few people who believe Salander is innocent, and he devotes himself to finding the real killers at large. This is a great mystery that's quite suspenseful, and I didn't want to put it down. I'm very eager to read \\"The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest\\" now!
B003KUSUG8|5.0|was dissapointed to not see a heavy dr. dre and d12 and 50 cent featuring cd, but i ended up really liking it! overall great cd, eminem is one of the few artists who can hold down a cd by himself
B003L16FAE|4.0|Oh, yes, much better, PREDATOR is one my favorite ARNOLD  movie and it finally got the improvement, remaster it deserves, there's still a few scenes with minor flaws but overall, I am happy and satisfied with this new blu ray,   nothing to complain about the audio, it sounds GREAT, the dialog, gunfires, and explosions comes alive from my home theatre system, if you're a big fan of PREDATOR like me, this is one movie you must have in your movie library,  ENJOY !!!
B000053GTK|5.0|\\"Unique\\" is definitely the word of the day when it concerns Gentle Giant.   In fact, you know what?  Don't ever say \\"unique\\" again unless you follow it up with the words \\"Gentle Giant\\".  What makes this band so incredible?  Dig this, young grasshopper-    One second you're hearing a beautiful folk rock guitar solo that quite possibly might make you think about old countryside forgotten castles, the next minute you're hearing gently-implemented xylophone fairies dancing in a highly unusual fashion, and *then* before you're able to grasp what finally hit you, some exceptionally weird chant-like Sunday church vocal melody slaps you against the face and makes you a believer for life.      All this stuff happens in just ONE song, and it happens *all* the time!  Now tell me, what other band would have the courage to do all THAT?    Where did this band come from?  What kind of music did the band members listen to while growing up?  Did their parents approve of their (I assume) whacky sense of humor?   Maybe they weren't even normal kids?  Maybe the teacher would smack their wrists with a ruler every time they spoke out of term.  Maybe the band members didn't have any parents and just appeared as aliens.  Hey, you never know. :)    \\"The Runaway\\" opens this completely unique blend of musical creativity on a REALLY high note.  The vocals chug along to the rhythm and the guitar playing except... the vocals don't actually chug along to it.  Yes, it's true!  It's an illusion!  Believe me, I tell you no lie!  The vocals don't chug along to *anything*.   It's tricky business!  Things just appear whenever the band *feels* like having them appear.  Why?  Because no one else would have done such a thing back then.  You had to be different back in the 70's to make it big (or create orchestrated, sappy ballads).    It always WORKS though.  Whatever they try works.  I have no earthly idea how the band members were able to keep repeating the same formula for so many albums and for so many years, and never miss a beat the whole time they were doing it!  True talent of the highest caliber.    That's what makes Gentle Giant so extraordinary- listen closely to the way they lay down their vocals.  Ain't ever two instruments matching up together in a normal, predictable way.  Ain't ever, I tell ya!  If they are, it's extremely hard to notice it.    One thing this band most certainly isn't is boring.  If you think Gentle Giant is boring, you deserve to live in a cardboard box with rats, spiders and bums.  Would be crazy to believe such a stinky thing.    \\"An Inmates Lullaby\\" is a baby shower display of peaceful xylophone taps and even *more* peaceful (and melodically intricate!) vocals.  Actually, this is more like baby delivery room music.  You know, that room in the hospital where all the newborn babies sleep until the mother makes her grand entrance into the room.  That room with a huge window outside of it as you watch over all the sleeping babies.  I hope I never have to go inside that room.  The thought of potentially waking up over 50 sleeping babies would be enough to make ME cry the loudest.  :)    This song is perfect for such a delightful occasion!  Anyway, I love when the vocals rush along at the end of specific lines so the xylophone has a chance to take its turn into the world of dazzling Willy Wonka creations.  It's weird how the band makes it work.  Don't know what I'm talking about?  Doesn't matter 'cuz everyone hears something different anyway!  And with that in mind, I can say no wrong, bubs!    Quite possibly the strangest way to write music my ears ever did hear, but Gentle Giant does the *same exact tricky thing* quite often, so I'm totally used to their style by now.  *You* probably won't be used to it however, if In a Glass House happens to be your very first Gentle Giant experience.  They say experience Hendrix.  No no, experience THIS band.      \\"Way of Life\\" is my favorite song from the album.  I just love the way the vocals aredisplayed here.  Again, the vocals appear to follow along to the rhythm section and the guitar riff, but then suddenly, in a moment of \\"What the HECK just happened?\\" the guitar either overrides the vocals and cancels them out so you can't actually hear the vocals anymore, or the lead singer stops singing the line inexplicitly because even HE can't help but fall in love with the guitar playing, so he shuts his crazy lips and opens his ears.  It's hard to explain which one is actually taking place here!      BUT THAT'S NOT ALL!  The second half of the song features a drop-dead gorgeous blonde... I mean tear-shedding moment of balladry that's so touching and moving that even the devil himself has to blow out his flames and put down his pitchfork.     GOSH what a head scratcher this stuff can be!  You gotta be somewhat crazy to listen to the classic period of Gentle Giant, me thinks.    \\"Experience\\" is flat out freakin' awesome.  I actually like this song almost as much as \\"Way of Life\\".  It's really constructed in a highly unusual way.  \\"Yeah, no duh!  *Everything* Gentle Giant does is constructed in a highly unusual way you rocket scientist!\\" you're probably saying to yourself.  Maybe you're even saying it out loud.  It's perfectly normal to talk to yourself as long as you don't answer your own questions.  That's what I was told.  :)    Anyway, the part at the end when the song completely rocks out in a way that would surely make Huey Lewis proud is definitely quite groovy and might even encourage you to overcome your shyness and shake those sexy buns to the sophisticated tempo changes taking place.  Here's something to think about- if you could dance to this music, you'd be the clear winner on the next season of the smash hit reality show Dancing With the Stars.  I guarantee it.     I probably should have mentioned \\"Experience\\" after that \\"experience Hendrix\\" comment to make my review seem more organized, but oh well.  I'm not going to change anything for the sake of organization.  Besides, you're probably not aware of it, but I have obsessive compulsive disorder, so it's about time I fight my inner battles!  It ends now!    The title song is really cool.  Again, the heavy rocking out section at the end is super melodic and super dang cool, dudes.  I need to stop getting this song confused with \\"The Runaway\\" though. It's a common mistake so you must forgive me.     Oh, did I forget to mention \\"A Reunion?\\".  No, I won't be attending my 10-year high school reunion (Why bother?  I had no friends and all the hot girls are taken!) but that doesn't mean this can't be an exquisite 2-minute piece of fine cuisine music.  My manners immediately become more appropriate just by listening to it.  It's melodic too.  I love it.  I love how the song really DOES capture the feeling of wanting to go back and experience a specific period in time.  Of course, again, it does make you think about fancy dinner parties as well.  It's caught between two very different worlds involving very different people.     I love Gentle Giant.  Their music is actually very easy to get into despite their highly sophisticated way of putting music together.  Everything they did just screams with immediately accessible and repetitive melodies (and I mean that as a compliment because they repeat the GOOD stuff).  Later ya'll.
B002QN7PU2|3.0|Seriously, the close ups of cars, Apple, Red Bull and Sugar in the Raw of all things ? I will never buy those products , it has the opposite effect on me. If you want a good example of product placement, see The Sopranos. I could never tell if there was product placement in the show or if the items were just in the background. Subtlety is key, don't center your shots around the damn thing.  I watch shows like Dexter to escape the type of stress that comes from having a corporate phallus stuck in my brain, not to fellate it. Showtime obviously doesn't respect you or I; if they did ,their programming wouldn't be rife with shill-jobs. You'd think with all that extra money they could hire writers who could cobble together a show with some semblance of its former self.   I'm still a fan, but I'm holding on by a wire, and considering how frequently they make me pay for their show by putting up with their adverts, I will never again a nickle their way thrust.
0743298039|1.0|Robert Graves once said: \\"A thing that's remarkable about Shakespeare is that he is really very good, in spite of all the people who say he is very good.\\" This quote carries a lot of truth, and it is a remarkable thing about Shakespeare, because if you judge books by their Amazon reviews, nothing that's generally considered very good ever turns out to be. This applies to the The Thirteenth Tale. Despite all the people who said it was great, it turned out to be just the opposite. In fact, it was utter tripe. Though I fully expect to be torn apart because of my dissenting view on a book many seem to adore, I must say I found it to be completely awful.<br /><br />The story centers around Margaret, a completely boring character of no or little account, who really likes to read. She loves Jane Eyre (this trend of title-dropping in novels is starting to annoy me, especially since it always seems that it's a Bronte or an Austen title that gets dropped randomly into the mix just to show that the characters can read classics). She was born a conjoined twin and was the only one of them to survive birth. Her dead twin \\"haunts\\" her. The other main character is Vida Winter, a famous author who has never told the truth about her life but wants to tell it now to Margaret, who is an amateur biographer. The story of Vida's life takes up the main plot of the book, and it is a overly-dramatic, badly written, pseudo-Gothic tale of one-dimensional maniacs. I don't have a problem reading about people who are a little, or even very, insane. After all, I love Philippa Gregory's Wideacre. But when every single character is either messed-up, repulsive, moronic, or boring, (or, actually, all four of these things at once) it makes for painful reading.<br /><br />[SPOILERS AHEAD] Vida and Margaret are both uninteresting and they do not play a great part in the story really. The other characters, however, are just irritating. From Isabelle and Charlie (the siblings who have a freaky relationship that's implied to be incestuous) to Adeline and Emmeline (Isabelle and Charlie's twins who are mentally unstable-- Adeline, especially, is abusive, jealous, and fond of ripping apart topiary gardens and stealing perambulators with babies inside them). There was no depth to their stories.  Nothing was revealed about their characters, their emotions. The most complex of all the characters, in fact, was Hester, the governess who is merely a background character. Besides this flat characterization and the author's obvious yet failed attempt at utilizing a Gothic shock-factor, if you will, there is the problem of the author's prose, which is cliche-ridden and embarrassing to read. Margaret often waxes lyrical on the subject of her dead twin, and Vida Winter, who is supposed to be a genius of tremendous proportions, reveals parts of her writing that are mediocre at best. Finally, the last few chapters are handled so clumsily that it seems as though the author wrote it all in about a week and never revised. The big plot twist basically undermines everything in the rest of the story and is basically the disappointing and weak \\"ta-da\\" moment at the end of an unimpressive magic trick. And more to the point, it positively bored me. [END SPOILERS]<br /><br />This novel is an insult to the reader's intelligence. It tries to make itself sound profound and smart but it fails miserably and instead sounds inane. It was largely filled with pop psych on twins, which sounded as if it had been taken out of a book written by a New Age Freud wanna-be. It was completely ridiculous. None of the characters were likable or realistic or, worst of all, engaging. And the writing was messy. I see no reason why I should recommend it at all, so I would say, if there's absolutely nothing else to read except a copy of The Thirteenth Tale, find a cereal box and read the back of that instead.to be incestuous) to Adeline and Emmeline (Isabelle and Charlie's twins who are mentally unstable-- Adeline, especially, is abusive, jealous, and fond of ripping apart topiary gardens and stealing perambulators with babies inside them). There was no depth to their stories.  Nothing was revealed about their characters, their emotions. The most complex of all the characters, in fact, was Hester, the governess who is merely a background character. Besides this flat characterization and the author's obvious yet failed attempt at utilizing a Gothic shock-factor, if you will, there is the problem of the author's prose, which is cliche-ridden and embarrassing to read. Margaret often waxes lyrical on the subject of her dead twin, and Vida Winter, who is supposed to be a genius of tremendous proportions, reveals parts of her writing that are mediocre at best. Finally, the last few chapters are handled so clumsily that it seems as though the author wrote it all in about a week and never revised. The big plot twist basically undermines everything in the rest of the story and is basically the disappointing and weak \\"ta-da\\" moment at the end of an unimpressive magic trick. And more to the point, it positively bored me. [END SPOILERS]    This novel is an insult to the reader's intelligence. It tries to make itself sound profound and smart but it fails miserably and instead sounds inane. It was largely filled with pop psych on twins, which sounded as if it had been taken out of a book written by a New Age Freud wanna-be. It was completely ridiculous. None of the characters were likable or realistic or, worst of all, engaging. And the writing was messy. I see no reason why I should recommend it at all, so I would say, if there's absolutely nothing else to read except a copy of The Thirteenth Tale, find a cereal box and read the back of that instead.
B003J27WFW|5.0|I'm only giving this a 3 for now because I opened the package and instead of seeing the feature documentary, I see two identical discs.  It seems this package has only 2 of the same special features DVD.  Will have to return this and wait yet another week to see this film.  I'm sure it will be great and I've been a RUSH fan since I was 8.  My very first concert, ever, was Moving Pictures.  I wonder if this is some sort of collector's item now?<br /><br />I'll post again once I get a corrected set.<br /><br />I did get the corrected set a week later.  Great DVD!  Loved it!
0545123275|4.0|Everyone had read this book but me, so I needed to give it a try.<br /><br />This book is about Grace, who was attacked by wolves when she was 11 years old. Ever since then she has been obsessed with the wolves that live in the woods behind her house- especially her yellow-eyed wolf- the one that saved her all those years ago. Every summer her yellow-eyed wolf becomes a yellow-eyed boy named Sam, but his time as a human is being numbered. Now that Sam and Grace have met and confronted their feelings, nothing will keep them apart.<br /><br />I didn't love this book, but I definitely liked it. My first impression of this was that it was Twilight for Jacob fans, but that's not exactly true. The only thing that made me think of Twilight was the whole \\"sleeping together without actually sleeping together\\" thing. If my mother read this book, she would be checking my room 10 times a night, making sure I wasn't getting cozy with some strange-eyed boy. The writing was much better than Twilight however, and Grace was a much better heroine. Enough of the comparisons though.<br /><br />Books like Shiver get my hopes up. I mean, boys like Sam don't exist. And if they do exist, they are gay. Sam likes cooking, poetry, writing sentimental love songs, taking girls on dates to candy shops and book stores.....<br /><br />Grace is cool. Even though her parents need a stern talking to. Jeez, they might be a plot device, but they are a plot device that needs parenting classes. I liked Isabel though. I can't wait to see more of her and read more about her \\"perfect ringlets\\". Trust me, if you read this book, you are never are lacking in detail. Every thing is described very well. Some would even say beautifully.<br /><br />Overall, a good YA fantasy book. While I won't rant and rave about it, it didn't make me run for the hills.<br /><br />Oh, and the cover is very good. I didn't even see the wolf on there until I had the book in my hands. And the drop of blood is a very nice touch.<br /><br />Bring on Linger.
B001HN6940|3.0|The classic Alice in Wonderland story by Lewis Carroll is, in my opinion, a thin story. It was a profound statement regarding the fantastic for it's time but does not hold a candle to modern masterpieces of fantasy fiction. But it is nothing if not weird, and weirdness is what longtime fantasy director Tim Burton thrives on. What makes Alice inn Wonderland ultimately nothing special is the fact that it succumbs to the thinness of Carroll's storyline. Burton innovates the same way High School Musical 3 innovates from High School Musical 2, by taking Alice through the same steps that Carroll laid out for her as a teenager instead of a hapless little girl. There is no painting of roses in this take on Wonderland, or Underland, as Burton's creatures continously call it.             As in any Tim Burton film, we find Johnny Depp and Helena Bonham Carter doing what they do best, being strange. Mrs. Carter and Mr. Depp are both very accomplished actors outside of the Burton sphere, but under his direction they are nothing nore than glorified chadpricatures, circus sideshow acts to be ogled at and talked about by audience after audience. They are buzz generating vehicles, which make both the Mad Hatter and the Queen of Hearts very one dimensional characters, interesting but without depth.             I argue that Alice in Wonderland is attractively designed and weird enough to focus a certain degree of interest, but the plot is wandering and boring, with an ineffective, complete with a made for 3-D climax. Best to skip this one.
B003KUSUG8|5.0|Eminem is back and better then ever every single song is off the hook nuff said.
B003REGM3A|5.0|I am some what amazed to tell the truth. When I heard she had a blues album out I had a sick feeling remembering Bob Dylan's attempt at a Christmas Album and was sure she committing career suicide and that I would go deaf if I listened. I am glad to say I was wrong, she has a great voice and does a faithful job maintaining the tradition of these songs.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This book is absolutley amazing. The characters are real and we care about them. The plot is hookimg and suepensful. And even though I've never been in love with present tense narration, I loved it here. Thamk you, Suzanne Collins, for making me fall in love with a new series.
B0030DIP7O|5.0|This \\"Original Album Classics\\" package offers three classic Scorpions titles at a price point much lower than purchasing the titles individually.<br /><br />\\"In Trance\\", \\"Virgin Killer\\", and \\"Taken By Force\\" each come in a mini-LP style sleeve. These three sleeves fit into a box about the size of a jewel case. \\"In Trance\\" features the original album art. \\"Virgin Killer\\" and \\"Taken By Force\\" each have the alternate covers, not the controversial original covers.  Being true to the original LP sleeves, the credit fonts are a bit small when a 12\\" sleeve is reduced to 5\\", so get out your magnifying glass!<br /><br />Sony Music did not include a booklet, or updated Linear notes for this repackage. Also, the albums DO NOT include any bonus tracks. One thing that collectors should note is that \\"The Sails of Charon\\" on \\"Taken By Force\\" is the edited version that runs 4:24, not the original version that runs about a minute longer.<br /><br />The discs themselves are dominated by the \\"Original Album Classics\\" artwork, with the album title in a smaller font near the bottom. It would be easy to mix these up at first glance.<br /><br />As far as the music, the mastering on these titles is not loud and compressed, like so many new titles. I could not find mastering credits on the packaging, and the link on the box that is supposed to show full album credits did not include this title as of June 30, 2010.<br /><br />Despite the lack of credits, bonus tracks, and linear notes, I highly recommend this package to any Scorpions fan, or fan of Classic Hard Rock. The discs sound great, and this package is an excellent bargain.
B003JYOFIW|5.0|It's 1977 all over again and the Spud-boys from Akron, Ohio have not lost their touch.  This is right up there with 'New Traditionalists' and 'Oh No, It's Devo!'.   Lost of stupid-fun lyrics, catchy beats and layered synthesizers.       This album is lots of fun.  Highly recommended.  Are we not men?  WE ARE DEVO.
0739384155|5.0|THE FIRST OF THE MILLINEUM SERIES IS A WOWSER.  LISBETH SALANDER IS AN INDOMIDABLE ICON, NEVER GIVING IN TO A SOCIETY THAT DID IT'S BEST TO VANQUISH AND THEN WAREHOUSE HER.  THERE IS INDEED A DRAGON IN THAT FRAIL BODY.  STEIG LARSSON HAS WRITTEN A STORY THAT ROARS THRU THE THRILLER GENDRE, ALL THE WHILE ACQUAINTS ONE WITH THE POLITICAL, HISTORICAL AND CULTURAL MORES OF MODERN SWEDEN.
1615230823|5.0|This book dissects what factors create a successful person.  Gladwell admits that there must be a minimum of inate ability which exceeds the average, but he demonstrates that ability alone cannot guarantee success.  Other factors that affect success are family background, ethnicity, persistence, practice, and luck.  Being born at the right place at the right time has as much to do with success as education.  This is luck pure and simple. As a student of statistics I know that one can cite statistics to support any theory.  One just chooses particular statistics.  Gladwell's theories are interesting and thought provoking but should not be taken as the gospel. His theories dictate different solutions for educational dilemmas.  Here , however, is an example of a fallacy.  He determines that every music maestro completes 10,000 hours of practice. An ordinary musical performer will complete 6000 hours and music teachers will complete 4000 hours.  He deduces that every highly successful person has engaged in 10,000 hours of practice in his/her chosen field. Gladwell concludes that 10,000 hours of practice is the path to success. But he cannot address the issue of whether or not a more talented musician tends to practice more.  Perhaps, the more talented musician derives more pleasure out of his production and thus is induced to practice more hours.  So does the mastery come from practice or does the practice arise from the talent.  There is no way to separate these threads and Gladwell does not attempt to do so. Perhpas, they are too entwined to be separated.  If you read this book for other theories of what makes people successful but not for rules set in stone, you will be satisfied and rewarded.  Clearly, the implications his theories have for closing the gap between the poor and the rich in schools is itself worth the read.  Still without this analysis most people would agree that a longer school day, more homework, and shorter summer vacations will increase poor children's learning.  He does not address how that same formula would affect rich children's learning.  That is the fallacy.  Still this is an easy breezy read about the social phenomenon of success.
1415717214|5.0|I never watched the show when it aired, but the reruns caught my attention years ago. I enjoyed the episodes, and they were compelling. Recently, I decided to pick up the DVDs of Season One, and I've enjoyed the show once again. Again, the acting is impressive given what they had to work with. It's much better than anything that's on television the past decade. I wanted to make a commentary of some of the episodes. First thing I noticed is how many characters appear in one episode and then be never seen again. Having said that, notice how Brandon Walsh averages a woman per show. He is also a cheat, liar, racist, and drunk driver who could have killed somebody. He is easily pissed off and starts taking somebody's head out if slightly provoked. He acts like a saint with a conscience yet he is the biggest hypocrite I've seen on the show. At this point, I have a hard time debating who is worse: him or Brenda. She seems to have the flair of being so melodramatic, no matter the situation. She tries to take advantage of every opportunity to make the parents to feel worse by creating useless spats. I actually feel sorry for the parents, and I question their ever flowing leniency. On the other hand, I liked the rest of the characters, and they seem to be fine to me, even if they have innocuous glaring faults except for Steve Sanders. One episode \\"One on One,\\" Brandon makes the basketball team yet we never see him playing basketball ever again in the rest of the season. Another episode where Brandon discovers how lowly paid the third world workers are, and he decides to write a report on the owner of the caf&eacute;. So what happened? Really...I am still amazed how the other characters suddenly get dropped out like flies after showing up for one episode. I was thinking also where were the friends of Kelly, Donna, Andrea, Steve because it's impossible that, given their popularity in school, they were friendless before the Walshes moved in Beverly Hills. Meanwhile, I liked the issues such as AIDS, breast cancer, alcoholism, patricide, and homosexuality were brought up in 90210, and they speak for the show's integrity. I know there is a lot of morality problem with the show while the characters delve themselves in the immoralities of life and still think they lead a life of morals. It's a tricky thing; however, the show is watchable regardless. That's why I enjoy it. For the DVD, it has been good, and letting you know, the pilot episodes are actually contained in the Season One package. That means you don't need to buy a separate DVD of the pilot show.such as AIDS, breast cancer, alcoholism, patricide, and homosexuality were brought up in 90210, and they speak for the show's integrity. I know there is a lot of morality problem with the show while the characters delve themselves in the immoralities of life and still think they lead a life of morals. It's a tricky thing; however, the show is watchable regardless. That's why I enjoy it. For the DVD, it has been good, and letting you know, the pilot episodes are actually contained in the Season One package. That means you don't need to buy a separate DVD of the pilot show.
B003LXM1RS|5.0|It's finally here, and boy was it worth the wait!  Night Work is simply the best cd I've heard all year.  I like every song but especially Whole New Way, Fire With Fire,Any Which Way, Something Like This, Skin Tight and Invisible Light.  Each song will make you smile and want to dance all night.  My only complaint is that Night Work seems very short.  Two more songs could have been added easily.  I've seen Scissor Sisters twice in concert at the House of Blues in New Orleans and can't wait to see them again.  Highly recommended.
B001L8687Y|5.0|I love most of Pearl Buck's books and this was no exception. I could hardly put it down and would read a page or two every chance I had.  I feel that I am Madam Liang as I get into the story and cannot wait to see what happens next.
B002VECLVO|4.0|Fashion designer Tom Ford is making his directorial debut with the Oscar-nominated film. If it wasn't such a sad story - a gay British professor of English Studies at an American university in 1962 loses his partner in an auto accident and contemplates suicide and the end of his \\"lonely\\" life - it could be a fashion spread in a magazine. Ford (who co-wrote the script with David Scearce) frames every scene as if he is placing a photo in a magazine. He has obviously watched many films by European directors as you can see hints of Fellini and Godard and Bergman throughout.<br /><br />This is not a fast-advancing film. It moves slowly but it does draw you into want to know how it will end. (I won't be a spoiler and give away the ending.)<br /><br />Colin Firth is the title character and is on the screener at every moment through its 100-minute running time. This is his film. Julianne Moore, as his closest friend gets only a fraction of Firth's screen time but nearly equal billing. While she is good, she is no match for Firth. The film may mean more to gay men than a general audience but the subject of loneliness after looking a lover is universal.<br /><br />The images on the DVD are sharp and the sound is excellent. The subtitles - which appear at one point in the film - are in easy-to-read yellow typeface.<br /><br />Bonuses include a commentary track with Ford (which I did not evaluate) and the now requisite \\"Making of Featurette\\" with cast and crew.<br /><br />The Oscar nomination created a buzz for Firth's performance and the nom was well earned.<br /><br />Steve Ramm<br />\\"Anything Phonographic\\"
B001FB4W0C|3.0|This is more a complaint about the packaging than the show, if you're buying the show I'm guessing you know how it went. First, if you own the first three seasons on DVD know they changed the packaging from a folding plastic/cardboard insert to a new plastic flip book style package with six disc held on three double sided DVD holders attached to the case with a cheap little plastic hinge thingy, which would be fine or even better if any money had gone into making it remotely durable. I ordered this item from [...] and when it arrived four pieces of plastic holding the DVD flipbook in place had broken leaving the three double sided DVD holders floating around in the case, I called the store and they agreed to exchange it for me, I went to the back grabbed another copy took it to the front had them open it to ensure it was in good condition but it was broken as well. I went back and grabbed the remaining two copies and both of those were broken also, fortunately one was only cracked on the side of the case so the DVDs stay in place. If you are ordering this item you may want to stick to buying it from a store that will allow you to exchange with greater ease than an internet site. The season is okay, the packaging sucks. I mean really I can see one copy damaged in shipping but four out of four copies... all broken, ridiculous.
B003LXM1RS|2.0|This is an early response, but my initial reaction to this CD is that I'm pretty underwhelmed.  I love the Scissor Sisters and thought both of their other CDs were *excellent* (and unlike some, I think \\"Ta-Dah\\" is wonderful).  But \\"Night Work\\" has left me indifferent and wanting to put on something else instead.    The songs seem more like \\"homages,\\" rather than heartfelt or innate.  I hate to say it, but a lot of this comes across as derivative and without much unique personality, and very few songs stand out.  \\"Night Work\\" feels \\"small\\" and limiting, almost \\"ghetto\\" in a way--which is the opposite of either of their other CDs, both of which were \\"big\\" in their ambitions and worldview so to speak.  Maybe this will grow on me, but for now, I think I'm up for listening to something else.  (Truthfully, \\"Night Work\\" has put me in the mood for some NIN/Trent Reznor.)    UPDATE:  Having heard this a number of times now, I stand by initial reaction to it.  I do like some songs more than on first listen, but the whole thing just strikes me as a misfire.  If the \\"concept\\" behind the disc, according to something Jake Shears said, is that the music re-imagines what \\"gay\\"/club music would sound like today if AIDS did not stop it in tracks and this is an artistic response to that abyss, while I suppose this is as valid a \\"what if\\" answer as mine would be, I just don't think we would be hearing this music today even if AIDS did not exist.  Music grows and evolves over time, pop music in the 1950s grew into the Beatles and 1960s psychedelia and has since continued to go on its own trajectory, building upon what came before it.  What gay/club music of the 1970s *might* have evolved into, in my best guess, is....Scissor Sisters circa 2004.  Their debut in 2004, which was further enhanced by Ta-Dah, was a very clever and charming evolution of music that still retains its essential gay sensibility and perspective.  So to my minds, \\"Night Work\\" can be best thought of as an inoffensivebut rather uncreative \\"tribute\\" to an era that adds nothing.  Sadly, it also strikes me as a step sideways for a very creative band that still has plenty yet to say and do. They just didn't say and do it this time around.
B003RNXIBK|5.0|To me, this album is similar to \\"Minutes to Midnight\\" by Linkin Park. In the begining everyone hated that Linkin Park switched their style over -- but over time everyone grew into and loved the album. Initially when I listend to \\"Recovery\\" I didn't feel it -- at least not as much as \\"MM LP\\"/\\"Slim Shady LP\\". After listening to the album 5-6 times, I am glad that he's back at it.<br /><br />Favorite song(s): So Bad, No Love, Seduction (Excellent Song), 25 To Life<br /><br />WORST Song: Won't Back Down Ft. Pink.<br /><br />I am a bit dissapointed that Em decided to collaborate with P!nk though -- I almost tasted my own vomit. Really. This song is horrendous. I'd want to see more Dr. Dre beats.<br /><br />Overall, great album. Then again, what else did you expect?
1906694184|5.0|The real title is \\"The Men Who Hate Women\\", not the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo so I call this book part 2 and it is excellent.  The Girl Who Played with Fire is even better than the 1st book although both are important because they address violence towards women, prejudice, corruption, and so many other important thought provoking issues.  It is sad that Larsson died without knowing his books are such a huge success.  It is also very disturbing that he did not make a will and his father and brother speak of his live-in love as his misogynist characters describe Lisbeth.  Read this book and experience an entertaining, disturbing read.  Lisbeth Sander is an unforgettable woman fictional character techno-equipped for the  21st century that many of us wish we had on our side; ditto: for Bloomkvist.  I feel like a combination of them both writing and YouTubing about corruption here in NYC.  My YouTube thoughts on movie and books.... [...].
B003F1WM2K|2.0|I am just angry that there is no disclaimer whatsoever that the photos would not appear in the Kindle version. Also, angry that I had to pay full price for a book that was not a complete version of the hard copy.
B001GCUO5M|4.0|I go to the movies to be entertained, so I won't watch mind-polluting slasher horror movies. I watched the trailer for this movie in the theaters, and it turned me off. The movie certainly looked like a violent slasher movie, even though it was made by arguable the best director in the business Martin Scorsese. Scorsese usually has good taste. So I didn't see this till it came out on DVD.<br /><br />Set in the mid fifties, Federal Marshall Teddy Daniels (Leonardo diCaprio) and his sidekick Chuch Aule (Mark Ruffalo) go to a maximum security metal institute for the criminally insane on Shudder Island. (You've seen this place before, in the Batman movies it's usually called Arkham Asylum, a reference to the books of HP Lovecraft).  The marshals are going to investigate the disappearance of an inmate who vanished as if she \\"evaporated through the walls\\". Daniels sees sights which stir his memories, as a WWII soldier he was amongst those who liberated the Dachau Concentration Camp. On Shudder Island he finds the creepy Dr Cawley (Ben Kingley) and creepier German Dr. Nehring (Max von Sydow) and wonders if they are hiding something.  DiCaprio searchers and unravels mysteries during a hurricane on the atmospheric, gothic Shudder Island.<br /><br />I won't describe the plot and ending further, others have said far too much already. I will say the violence and tension is mostly  psycholgical, not graphic. And I'll say Marty did not disappoint me, despite the trailer, its is a well-directed, well-shot, well-acted, with a good screen play, a suspenseful movie to the end without gratuitous violence I'd feared. DiCaprio is turning into one of the best actors in America.  Having seen the movie, I should go back and re-watch it and see if it is logically coherent, seems like there may have been loose ends, maybe not.<br /><br />It's not \\"The Aviator\\", \\"Goodfellas\\" or \\"Gangs of New York\\" but it's a better movie than I'd expected.<br /><br />Severe mental illness had been dealt with in the past by locking away patients, chaining them to the walls or even beating them. By the fifties, there was the seemingly barbaric electroshock therapy, zapping their brains with high voltage (which I've read actually sometimes works). There was the more barbaric lobotomies, taking a knife, going between the eyeballs and the brain and slicing off the connection between the prefrontal lobe and the rest of the brain which left the violent patients passive zombies. (This happened to singer actress Francis Farmer and many others before being banned) . Then there was the new drug therapies like Thorazine. That was about it. Into this mix came Dr RD Laing who argued, with the non-violent patients, why not let these crazies walk around, act out their delusional fantasies, and talk to doctors like real people. Eventually they will logically conclude they aren't really Jesus Christ, Superman, or who ever these delusionals think they are. And they will be cured with logic and not psychiatry, drugs, knives or electric shocks.tients, chaining them to the walls or even beating them. By the fifties, there was the seemingly barbaric electroshock therapy, zapping their brains with high voltage (which I've read actually sometimes works). There was the more barbaric lobotomies, taking a knife, going between the eyeballs and the brain and slicing off the connection between the prefrontal lobe and the rest of the brain which left the violent patients passive zombies. (This happened to singer actress Francis Farmer and many others before being banned) . Then there was the new drug therapies like Thorazine. That was about it. Into this mix came Dr RD Laing who argued, with the non-violent patients, why not let these crazies walk around, act out their delusional fantasies, and talk to doctors like real people. Eventually they will logically conclude they aren't really Jesus Christ, Superman, or who ever these delusionals think they are. And they will be cured with logic and not psychiatry, drugs, knives or electric shocks.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|I'm sure that anybody reading this can find a great description of this movie in the reviews created before this one, so I won't bother to put one in.  I saw the Japanese version of this film, and I didn't cry too hard.  I assume the subtitles made it less emotional for me.  But, for Hachi: A Dog's Tale, I cried for about a full half hour even AFTER the film was over!  Both versions are GREAT, and I encourage you to watch them both!  This is THE BEST Straight to DVD movie I have ever seen.  I'm kind of confused to why this movie was rejected from the theaters, but don't let that influence your decision to watch this movie! I cried like a baby, and I used up so many tissues.  I have never been this moved my a film!  Watch this movie (and be sure to have your dog and some tissues within reach)!
B0028R3NCU|5.0|This reader is great! it fits perfectly inside my wallet!.... I can even swap the micro sd from my Htc incredible.
B0038P9LTU|5.0|After getting a contractual cornholing from Joey Demaio and Magic Circle music, and being stuck in legal limbo for almost half a decade, Rhapsody are back with one of the best releases of their career and certainly the best since 2002s Power of the Dragonflame, this reviewers previous favorite of theirs. Frozen Tears is a near perfect album without a single weak track on it with a nice diversity , you have several fairly straight-up symphonic power metal numbers, such as Sea of Fate and Raging Starfire, an Italian Folk song type number, one of the best ballads they have ever done: Lost in Cold Dreams, but the real highlight of this album is track 4, Reign of Terror, one of the most bombastic, symphonic powerful songs they have ever recorded, it has everything but the kitchen sink: melody, catchy riff,sheer heaviness, symphonic bobasity, and a dash of black metal. This bands lyrics and subject matter have always been, in my opinion, cheesier than all the lasagna in Italy, but I listen to them for their musicianship and musical craftsmanship, both of which are stellar on this release, unlike the last two albums that I found to be lackluster and unmemorable. If you are already a fan you can pick this up without hesitation. If you are a curious metal head, I can tell you this will easily be one of the best releases of 2010, so check it out.
B003KUSUSQ|5.0|I'm writing this review to balance the stupidity from another reviewer on here because he bought an edited version and was disappointed that it was edited. Plus, this album is the best album since the eminem show and greatly deserves 5 stars.
0375703764|5.0|this book takes time to read and gets tough to read at times, but it's definetly worth it!
0634049011|5.0|If you are a beginner, or are struggling to learn guitar, this book is a must! The wealth of knowledge attainable through the fretboard exercises,especially the learnng of chord roots will give you a solid foundation. I have seen suggestions for mastering the fretboard mentioned in other books, but not to this level of detail. Although the learning process may be slow since memorizing is required, a thorough knowledge of the fretboard is an invaluable and necessary tool for anyone who is serious about learning the guitar.
B00280LYIC|5.0|This book was pack with great stuff and it only took five days to read the book. This was my favroite book hands down.
B003LSTK8G|5.0|Michael Lewis explains the details of the credit crisis so well and doing it with adding in the personalities of the some of the people involved.  Another superb book on the financial system by him.
B0013FXWU6|5.0|When I first saw There Will Be Blood, I was disappointed. While I enjoyed the performance of Daniel Day-Lewis and I appreciated the gorgeous cinematography, the film did not do much for me, and it felt pretentious and overlong.<br /><br />What a difference a second viewing makes. The second time around, I found the pacing of the film to be patient instead of slow, and I was better able to see all the layers of Daniel Day-Lewis' performance: he is absolutely mesmerizing as the mysterious and deeply amoral Daniel Plainview. The lack of any backstory or context provided for him and his son, H.W., will no doubt frustrate some filmgoers, and this film is certainly not for everyone, but I love the ambiguity and find it rather thought-provoking.<br /><br />Every time I come back to this film, I find something new in it; the more I see it, the stranger and sadder it seems to get. Many critics have taken issue with third act, but I would compare this film's third act to the ending of Apocalypse Now; frustratingly messy for some filmgoers, but I loved it. There's an anarchy and chaos to this filmmaking that really does reflect the most negative implications of a libertarian approach to society that enables (if not encourages) people like Daniel Plainview: liberty, self-reliance, and competition can be good in certain instances, but this can lead to a certain cold-bloodedness that can be very problematic.<br /><br />This film really penetrates to the heart of the American tradition of rugged individualism, and seems to comment on the implications of living under a capitalistic economic system: with each new viewing, more layers seem to be revealedthe performances seem to get better and better, and the political commentary grows sharper and sharper. Daniel Day-Lewis has given many fine performances, but this is clearly his crowning achievement, and this film serves as further proof that Paul Thomas Anderson is pretty much the best filmmaker alive.
B003O86FMW|5.0|Well, to each his/her own, but I thought this book was even better than \\"The Hunger Games.\\"  I thought \\"The Hunger Games\\" got slow during many parts of the Games proper. In \\"Catching Fire,\\" the focus is only partially on the Games itself, so when it did get there, it was shorter/quicker, more to the point. Also, unless things change in \\"Mockingjay,\\" I'm Team Peeta, so I loved the development of their relationship here (sigh... hehe), and with Haymitch, too. As usual, there is an OMG, nooo! cliffhanger.  I got my copy from my public library, but I loved it so much, I'm buying it on Kindle. I hope \\"Mockingjay\\" will get released on Kindle the same day as the hardcover.
B000002N9L|5.0|Wow! I can't believe it's taken me this long to get this cd but now that I have it, it quickly became one of my favorites.  You know how you always have that pile of 5-10 cds that are always in the player or right there handy next to it?  Well, it's there.<br /><br />I'm a 40 yr old woman who grew up in suburban Detroit listening to Prince and loving all of his early stuff, Dirty Mind being my favorite.  After Under the Cherry Moon, I sort of swayed away from Prince's stuff because he wasn't putting out anything like those great dance songs I grew up to from the albums Dirty Mind, Controversy, 1999, Purple Rain, and Around the World in a Day, mostly because I was in college then and all I really cared about was dancing at the bars.  A typical co-ed.  But now, with age, and I still love the old dance tunes, don't get me wrong, but I just love to hear a good jam and good instrument playing, whether it be the guitar, piano, bass, or even the drums, and no matter if it's rock, jazz, or blues.  Well, this album has it all.  It's rock, it's funk, it's blues. It's all here.  And, if you're like me, you won't feel the need to skip any songs because they're all great.<br /><br />So, if you're a Prince fan of old, and like blues and rock, you need to get this cd.  Or, at least, find someone who has it and check it out.  Listen to it in its entirety.  It is one of his best, hands down.  Fantastic album!
B003KUSUG8|5.0|This is a very good album but nothing even close to sslp or mmlp. good album none the less! By far the worst song is \\"wont back down\\" feat P!nk in my opinion
B003HLM2QO|3.0|Album sounds a lot like Black Rain part II.  New guitarist is good, but he's not Zack.  Ozzy sounds good (how is it he can annunciate his words when he sings, but when talking you can't understand him?).  Anyhow, song writing is good, mature sound (e.g. Life Won't Wait, Digging me Down), and decent arrangement.  I could do w/out Soul Sucker (due to the over distorted intro).<br /><br />Although I prefer Zack over Gus (No Rest for the Wicked rocks), I will listen to this album a lot.
B001UV4XFG|3.0|\\"The Twilight Saga: New Moon\\" abruptly ended with Edward Cullen (Robert Pattinson) telling his girlfriend, Bella Swan (Kristen Stewart) that he will turn her into a vampire on the condition that they get married first. And so \\"The Twilight Saga: Eclipse,\\" the third film in a series serving as an extended metaphor for abstinence, begins with the two lovingly lying in a field of flowers, and you can sense the anticipation they both feel, especially Bella, who radiates with virginal longing. As bothersome as I found this twice before, this time around I found it oddly amusing, maybe because, after their painfully statuesque performances in \\"New Moon,\\" Stewart and Pattinson are once again allowed to emote. Stewart especially, who takes on a whole different energy when she's given the opportunity to crack a smile.    Alas, it's quickly hampered by a scene in which the metaphor turns literal; Bella wants to have sex with Edward while she's still human, but his chivalrous standards kick into high gear and he refuses her advances. He then lectures her on how, back in his day, he would have courted her, taken chaperoned walks with her, asked her father's permission for her hand in marriage, and so on and so forth. He then tells her that, while his soul is done for, hers is still worth preserving. What I find intriguing is that Stephenie Meyer wove such blatant themes into a fantasy, a genre created specifically as a way to escape reality. Even if sex before marriage is forbidden by Mormon doctrine, what's to stop her from writing about it? If I were her, I would have had Bella and Edward go at it like dogs in heat, all the while remembering that my personal values haven't been affected.    Complicating Bella's situation is the hot-blooded, mostly shirtless werewolf Jacob Black (Taylor Lautner), who professes his love for her as well as his hatred of Edward, the Cullen Clan, and vampires in general. Does Bella feel the same way about Jacob? She's not entirely sure. All she knows is that she needs both him and Edward to protect her, which means they will have to find some way to get along. It seems that, up in nearby Seattle, the evil vampire Victoria (Bryce Dallas Howard) has been busy recruiting an army of young vampires, or newbies, for purposes of attacking the Cullen Clan and getting revenge against Bella; aware of this, the Cullens join forces with their blood enemies, the werewolves, in the hopes of putting a stop to the newbies, who are apparently much more lethal than their older counterparts.    Despite the preachy subtexts, \\"Eclipse\\" is an improvement - albeit a tepid one - from the previous two \\"Twilight\\" films. I appreciated the greater emotional range displayed by Stewart and Pattinson, I liked looking at the none-too-convincing visual effects, and I found the action sequences more exciting, sparse though they may be. All the same, it still suffers from excessive length and unreasonable pacing, and just like before, they're linked to tedious conversations between the leads. I was especially fed up with Edward's repeated attempts to talk Bella out of becoming a vampire, and likewise, with her insistence on going through with it. The more I hear the Cullens describe the required sacrifices, the less I'm inclined to side with Bella; aging and death are frightening, but soulless immortality is unthinkable.    Lautner is still a chiseled hunk for the girls to swoon over, which may adequately distract them from the fact that he spends virtually all of his performance angrily clenching his jaw. When Jacob isn't romantically sulking, then he's furiously confronting Edward. Nowhere is this more apparent than in a tent high atop a snowy mountain, in which Bella, her teeth chattering from the cold, lets Jacob embrace her for his body heat: \\"Let's face it,\\" he tells Edward, \\"I am hotter than you.\\" As Bella sleeps, Jacob and Edward glower at each other, and they quietly but firmly discuss the fact that Bella still has to make a choice,and that, if she had been given enough time, she already could have made it. So I guess the question is simple, especially if you've been eating at Burger King: Is Bella on Team Jacob or Team Edward?    \\"The Twilight Saga: Eclipse\\" will almost certainly please the fans, just as they were pleased twice before. Non fans will have a rougher time of it, although I suspect it will be easier to win them over with this film than it was with the first two. As for myself, I recognize its progress as the third chapter of a series, but it's still too slow, too overwrought, and too didactic for me to recommend it. You've got to hand it to Stephenie Meyer - she really knows how to sermonize. I might have gotten something out of it had the topic been less divisive, however. Aren't there moral themes that we all more or less agree upon, such as treating everyone with respect or being charitable or something along those lines? If I'm going to be preached at, and if it has to be in the form of a vampire romance, at least make sure that the message is making good sense.
031604461X|1.0|I hate this book.    And not just hate.  Hate is not nearly a strong enough word.  I had a physical reaction to this book, and it wasn't a good one.  I loathe and detest this thing to a level not previously experienced by anything else I've ever read.    I'm fairly certain I've never said that about anything that I wasn't forced by a school system to read.  And even then it was few and far between and nowhere near this magnitude.  Almost everything I've ever read I can attribute some sort of merit.  Sadly, I can't say that here.  That being said, I wanted to like this book.  In fact, I wanted to love it, I wanted to cuddle up beside it at night and be blown away by its brilliance.  I wanted all those little nuggets of cryptic information I wondered about in the past books to be pulled together in some divine machination, I wanted sweeping romance, I wanted a deepening backstory and a broadening arc, I wanted characters to evolve past their situations and limitations.  I wanted the relationship between them to come together in a way that would shock me by its sheer simplicity and elegance, only to look back on the ones that came before and say, `you know, I should have seen that the whole time'.    What I wanted, in short, was a payoff.    Maybe that's a lot to ask.    But what I got in return for my devotion and all the inherent flaws that came before that I was willing to overlook for the sake of the ending, was this absolute hot mess of a story that took my beloved hero and heroine and threw them callously in the mud.  And worse is that it makes no sense whatsoever in the thematic context of the series.  It flagrantly goes against all the characterization and plot elements that were set out before it.  The last entry in a \\"saga\\", if we can really bring ourselves to label it that, is supposed to pay homage to what has come before, set you on your course and then pull the rug out in an unexpected, but completely fulfilling way.  The trick of a great finale is that you are supposed to see the path laid before you and then, even before you know what hits you, the story flips in a way that is better than you could have ever thought.      It's been done before.  So it's not impossible.  Evidently it just wasn't possible here.     So for a brief primer on the past, Eclipse left us with Bella agreeing to marry Edward in exchange for changing her himself in exchange for attempting to make love while still a human on their honeymoon.  In my mind, these three items are the primary plotting points for Breaking Dawn.  And on all accounts they're good ones.      1. The wedding  2. The honeymoon  3. The changing    I must note here that I am not a tremendous fan of Eclipse.  I think as far as the trilogy is concerned - BD is by far and away the weakest in the supposed \\"saga\\" - Eclipse has the most holes in its plot logic.  But at its heart, we see Bella coming to terms with the decision she's made, what she's giving up, and who she's chosen, once and for all, playing out thematically the valid questions of choice and consequence.        So here they are.      The top 10 reasons why Breaking Dawn kills this story and destroys it for all eternity.    Problem 1 - Bella Herself    One of the overreaching problems of BD is that there is no real development in Bella's character throughout.  Some might say she does become a wife - not a very good one in my opinion - and a mother - which was not her choice and was a plot device literally thrust upon her.  Eclipse tells us that choice - Bella's choice - is of vital importance to who we become, yet, choice is all but thrown out the window in BD in more than one situation and for more than one character.  But the beginning of BD finds her begrudging once again the Cullen lifestyle she doesn't want and still pining away for a lost Jacob.  Irritating!  She is not imprinted to Jacob.  She is not his soul mate.  She chooses a life and a particular life choice with Edward and up until and including her own wedding day, she is still questioning the decision.  BD turns Bella into an even more unlikeable, insipid and vapid girl - not a woman by any stretch of the imagination - than we saw her in Eclipse.  I liked Bella in Twilight.  I liked her in New Moon.  I questioned her in Eclipse, but understood why and that she had to be that way to figure out what she wants.  But by the time BD rolls along, she shouldn't still be thinking of dear old Jake.  Your husband is waiting, Bella, pull it together!  And further, it is glaringly clear that she still doesn't really want to marry him.  I know we get her supposed revelation to that effect somewhere around page 500.  500 pages later!  Where is the sweetness?  The poignancy?  The excitement of her pending marriage and life with the man she loves?  Poor Edward just can't catch a break!  In fact, Bella devolves in BD.  She never comes to a greater understanding of anything - her life, her husband, her family, her eternity.  She is the same Bella we first met in Twilight, now just with the accessories of a wedding ring and a baby.    Problem 2 - The Wedding    It is a wedding.  It is the wedding of our two lovers.  It should encompass more than a few pages of exposition and barely a page of `I do' dialogue.  I got to the end of the wedding wondering why in the world the darn book was so long.  If one of the major plot points lasted barely a chapter, what would the rest be like?  Not to mention, here's Jacob again, fueling the fire on Bella's continuing and ridiculous questioning of whether she made the right decision even after they've sealed the deal.  And Jacob, man, it's her freaking wedding.  I know Edward invited you and all, but show a little respect.  Don't pick a fight in the middle of the reception.  I guess overall I was just looking for a little more romance.  You'd think a wedding might tend to bring that out.  Or perhaps not.      Problem 3 - The Honeymoon, or more precisely, the Wedding Night    There are so many problems with this one, you'll just have to bear with me.    One of the major problems I have with this book is that it truly just doesn't make any sense.  I pretty much knew going into it that I wasn't going to get the fantastically monumental sex scene that I wanted.  And that in itself, I feel, is a problem.  They are adults - Bella is almost nineteen, people can vote and be shipped off to war younger than that and Edward by his own admission was already presumed a man in his time at seventeen.  They are married.  Married adults have sex.  Outside of the context of this extremely pivotal event in the lives of our beloved characters, not to mention the probably hundreds of pages and thousands of words of dialogue that have paid tribute to this one single event, we, the evidently unimportant reader, are not found to be mature enough to handle this subject matter.  And really, I'm offended by it.  BD is not a high school novel.  The characters, with the exception of Jacob, are no longer in high school, but really does he even go to school, and the fact that we are not given at least one real and satisfying look into the intimacy between these two characters astounds me.  But I get it.  Somewhere along the way, our fearless author was probably told something along the lines of this.  Nine years olds will read this book.  And we want them to because it means more money for us all.  But since they will, you can't write any of the good stuff because freaked out mothers and grandmothers and religious associations and grammar school libraries will drive a stake in us faster than you can say Dracula.  And because of it, the book suffers.  It's way too tame for the level of love - and lust - it's been building up to.    However, this by itself, it not the only problem in our much anticipated wedding night.  It may actually be the smallest of several.  For three books, Edward has been resisting his sexual temptations in a noble effort to a.) marry her first - CHECK; and b.) keep her from getting hurt.  On countless occasions his primary argument has been, I can't put my marble masculinity in your fragile femininity without serious harm befalling you.  Not to mention all the naked friction might release my inner demons and you might end up dead either by fracture up the middle or by sheer blood loss.   And you know what?  He was right!  Apparently down pillows help in the teeth ripping department.  Who knew?  And I for one didn't find the destroyed to the point of utter shambles bedroom and dried feather infested hair very romantic.  What is romantic about a night of passion that requires a clean up crew?  But I digress.  So our heroine wakes up from her night of wedded and bedded bliss bruised and battered from cheeks to toes.  So much so that our morning after which should be enjoyed basking in the glow of newly experienced sex is ugly and insulting and brutally depressing.  What the heck happened?  And what does this tell us?  It tells us that Edward is, in fact, the monster he thinks he is.  And what that tells us further is that maybe he was right about everything and Bella should have never married him in the first place.  Again, what the heck?  The key to the wedding night sex scene, as all us readers know and apparently the author doesn't, is that Edward is much more human than he thinks he is.  That he would never hurt her.  That Bella is right on this one and he isn't.  They should have had an evening of bliss.  She should have woken wrapped in down provided warmth in the arms of the man she loves.  He should be relaxed and open and ready to embrace this new chapter of their lives where what he thought was true may not actually be true, leading him to question all the other things he might be wrong about.  (Flashing lights: His Soul)  In short, they should have both come out of this UNSCATHED.  Again, I am offended that their first night together went to such a horribly bad place.  Further, I found it gallingly unacceptable toassume that Edward in his infinite eye to detail and to the safety and well-being of his wife, didn't ask his omniscient sister what was going to happen.  Embarrassing, yes.  Optional, no.   He would have asked Alice.  And if he had, she would have told him and if she told him `you're going to beat her senseless', newsflash, he wouldn't have done it.  And if he hadn't, the entire rest of the story couldn't have happened.      And that isn't even the most utterly preposterous of the many utterly preposterous plot devices of this piece of garbage.  We all know what happens.  Bella is not only battered but knocked up.  And what does that teach us, fair reader?  We aren't talking pre-marital sex here.  We are talking mostly consensual , loving, respect for one another, committed for the rest of eternity, married sex.  And she gets pregnant right of the gate.  Didn't they even discuss birth control?  They didn't.  And I'll tell you why.  They didn't need to.  Because - and here is Number 1 in the most utterly preposterous plot devices in this book - Edward shouldn't be able to do it.  And you know what I'm talking about.  It's never referenced specifically, which is again a nod to our immaturity as readers, but what is referenced on multiple occasions is the fact that Bella needs \\"human moments\\".  Translation: she has to go to the bathroom.  And Edward doesn't.  It's the same equipment, folks.  If it doesn't work one way, it shouldn't work the other.  And this isn't the only example.  Does he cry?  No.  Does he sweat?  No.  Does he require a shower to maintain his perfection?  No.  And yet we are to believe that he can ejaculate?  Stupid, stupid, stupid.  And again, without this baseless and ridiculous device, the rest of the story doesn't happen.    As for the rest of the honeymoon, it's largely forgettable.  Some evidence of better sex, but by that time the damage, both literally and figuratively, is done.  And, ironically, just at the time Bella decides she likes thismarriage-sex-human situation and wants to continue it on to Dartmouth for a few more years, and Edward comes out of his self-induced funk, a rather unexpected development pops up.  Or more correctly, pops out.      Problem 4 - The Pregnancy    While I've already outlined that the pregnancy itself shouldn't have even happened due to the gaping holes in the plot logic, when I discovered that Bella was, indeed, pregnant with Edward's child, I thought, maybe this could actually go places, maybe there's something interesting to be gotten from this, maybe this could be Edward's redemption - because, let's face it, Book 4, though told by Bella should really have been about their mutual evolution to a better place and Edward's ultimate redemption from the hell he's thinks he's confined to.  But I was wrong.  Upon learning this unbelievable knowledge - truly unbelievable - what is Edward's first thought?  Abort it.  Let me cut you open and rid you of my seed.  I understand the guilt.  To me, I pictured Edward when human was probably Catholic.  He's from Chicago.  Makes sense.  And he's got massive God and Guilt issues.  But the abortion thing seems way out of character.  He's always wanted a life, a real life, a real family.  He tells Bella more than once that she'll regret losing the opportunity to have children if he changes her.  He points out Esme and Rose as examples of women left to deal with a life without possibility for holding a little one in their arms.  He all but tells her that she's too young to understand that yet.  And that he does and he regrets it.  And then upon being given the opportunity, he completely freaks out.  And what does Bella, clear thinker that she's always been, do?  She calls Rosalie!  She doesn't try to reason with her husband.  She doesn't try to make him understand her desire to want it, to keep it, to love it.  They don't work as a team to get through this unexpected and actual bump in the road of marriage.  There are bumps, as any married person can tell you.  Thereby proving once again how she hasn't matured ounce one since the wishy-washy Bella of Eclipse and undermining both the foundation of their relationship and our faith in Edward as problem solver and husband extraordinaire.  What happens?  She cuts him out of the loop altogether and runs off to Rose.  Who by now, she should know is the most untrustworthy of all her new in laws and couldn't care less about her.    Problem 5 - The Return    I'll admit, this is where they lost me.  I'd given up by this time in trying to understand this story.  And had realized that all the epic romance and growing maturity I'd hoped for my beloved characters had been squelched, staked and set on a pyre of fire to die.  Nothing good could come of this.  And it didn't just get bad.  It got really bad.  And not just bad, but boring.  For one thing, we now turn to Jacob to become the voice of our story in his slanted and prejudiced perspective.  I'll admit, I never liked Jacob.  Three books, never liked him.  And interestingly, he is the only character I even remotely liked in BD.  Bella is selfish, immature, emotionally stunted, manipulative, secretive and boring.  Edward is weak, helpless, unconvincing, self-pitying, pathetic and unintelligent.  The fact that I feel such terrible things about both of them speaks of the banal and prosaic quality of this story.  This story destroys our hero.  Makes him not even likable.  Turns him into a fractured shell of the man we loved.  Further, the fact that the entire pregnancy and middle chunk of this book is told by Jacob is a poor, poor mistake.  And here's the reason.  We see Edward, broken, buried, on his knees begging Jacob not only to kill him when the time comes, but to impregnate his wife!  He's pimping out his wife!  I understand this is supposed to be a noble gesture, his love for Bella superseding his own jealousy and thereby giving her the normal child that he can't.  But come on!  This is ludicrous!  In whatworld are we supposed to appreciate this?  Let alone like it?  And we see Bella, and for some unbeknownst reason vampire pregnancies are really super speedy, with the gestation that's turning her into a human weeble-wobble who can't seem to get off the couch except to pee.  Oh right, it's because it's killing her.  Breaking her bones from the inside out.  Again, what a lovely picture.  A baby that's killing her.  No romance there.  And suddenly Jacob's original argument doesn't look quite as insane.  But fundamentally, the fact that we only hear from Jacob exacerbates the problem.  We don't know what's going on behind closed doors.  We don't know what Bella has said to Edward.  What Edward has said to Bella.  We only know what Jacob hears directly or thinks about what he hears directly.  This is a BIG mistake.  Maybe I'd feel some sympathy for either of them if I actually had conversations to mull over.  Since we don't, all we have is what we assume.  Bella is a big pain in the butt who's kicked them all to the wayside except for Rose who doesn't care if Bella lives or dies as long as she's got the baby.  And Edward is hapless and completely ineffectual to talk any amount of sense into his wife or to comfort her and guide her through a strenuous and difficult pregnancy.  Despite his best efforts, a solid marriage these two do not have.  I can't tell you how irritated I became with all those scenes of Alice sitting on the ground with her head in her hands and Bella on the couch in some kind of transcendental state cooing over the fetus busting open her ribs and Rose carrying her to the bathroom or to bed like a crazy nurse maid waiting to steal a newborn from its dead mother and Edward basically throwing up his hands in a big whatever.  Total and complete nonsense!  And I'm not even going to go into all the Bella blood drinking.  The one and ONLY semi sweet redeeming moment in the entire book came when Edward heard his little tykes thoughts from the womb.  What if we'd have an entire book of that?  Wouldn't that have been better than this gigantic pile of crap?    PROBLEM 6 - The Birth and Change    My main problem with this part is not so much the birth itself, which is disgusting and way more graphic than a sex scene would have been, but it really boils down to the nature of Bella's changing.  Why does Edward change Bella?  Because she going to die if he doesn't.  She is ripped apart, the baby eaten, yes eaten out of her by her own husband's vampire teeth, her spine is broken and she's left virtually in pieces and bloodletted to boot.  The fact that she isn't dead already is a miracle.  Yes, I know she's strong, strong enough to keep her heart beating.  Yes, I know she's sacrificing everything for her child, which is what good mothers do.  I got all that.  What I don't get is this.  Bella's changing goes against everything we've been taught about Edward's character.  He has to do it.  He has no choice but to do it.  It's an afterthought.  There are no consequences to his actions.  The story is much more compelling and gives their relationship much more substantial weight when there is a choice to be made.  The entire series we are told the Edward does not want to change Bella.  That he values her human life above everything else.  The fact that her changing is done in such a haphazard and distasteful way speaks volumes to the lack of credibility in this story.  We saw at the end of their honeymoon that Bella wanted to stay human, that she wanted to go to Dartmouth, that she might have even been questioning her decision in a way more profound than Team Edward vs Team Jacob.  And then she is given no choice in the matter.  Or more pointedly, she is given a choice.  Become a vampire or die.  According to Edward, both those things equal death.  We've seen no miraculous metamorphosis of his philosophy in the one month it's taken her to bear his child.  So what's the deal?  A weak plot.  That's the deal.  There should have been achoice made.  A conscious choice made by Edward to end his beloved's life against his better judgment, to condemn her to his existence and be able to live with, or perhaps endure is a better word, those consequences.  The fact that he does it simply because he has to is reckless and thoughtless.  It's a grade F cop out.       Problem 7 - The Imprint    Perhaps the single most horrendous plot twist in all of fiction.  Enough said.    Problem 8 - Bella the Vampire    Happily we go merrily onward with Bella the perfect vampire.  For many reasons, I never wanted to see that happen.  The greatest twist to this saga, in my opinion, would have been if an immortal eternity didn't turn out to be Bella's future.  If what she expected to happen, wasn't what happened.  Could you imagine the possibilities?  And in my mind, they aren't all bad.  I'm not talking about Team Jacob here.  I'm simply talking about, from the perspective of plot and characterization and the most engaging and fulfilling story, what if what we think is going to happen, doesn't happen?   Just something to chew over.  Although I will say, quite honestly, that this is not where I expected this story to go.  I really thought that at its depth, this was a story that would go the other direction.  Humanity would win out for Bella.  That it didn't?  Well, call me surprised.  In any event, it is what it is.  I'm not greatly offended that Bella adjusts so quickly and that there's really no thirst for human blood and that she seems 100% in control of her newly acquired lifestyle.  I know some people that are.  That fact is, by this point, I really just didn't care.  I didn't want Bella to be a vampire, therefore I don't care whether she's a good one.  What I do care about is this.  Once again, this road takes us to a place that flies against everything we've been taught before.  In three books and 1800+ pages, we have never, EVER, heard Edward mention one single solitary time how great it is to be a vampire.  We'venever heard that from ANY of them.  Edward hates being a vampire.  He didn't want to be one, doesn't want to be one, has frequently taken out his anger at being one on innocent victims and just as frequently tried to devise ways of putting himself out of his misery by ending his staying one.  Further, Rosalie, in perhaps the only smart piece of advice in all of Eclipse, tells Bella she's making a huge mistake by so arrogantly giving up her life.  Not that it matters by this point.  But now we are suddenly supposed to believe that everything is lollipops and roses in vampireland.  It's fantastic even.  I'm beautiful.  (Edward supposedly thought she already was).  I'm strong.  (Because everyone needs to be able to smash a boulder with their bare hands).  I'm not the least bit clumsy anymore.  I can hunt deer while wearing a cocktail dress.  I can tear down buildings while having sex with my husband.  I have a really disturbingly creepy daughter who's half human and half vampire and betrothed from birth to a wereworlf, who, I'm sorry, might have some therapy in her future.  And worst of all, Bella inwardly opines that it's almost like she was born for this.  That as a human, she was nothing special, not particularly smart (not true, if you remember in Twilight it was her intelligence that second sparked Edward's interest, we all know her scent was the first), not particularly pretty, not particularly worthy, not particularly anything.  So if all that was true, why in the hell would the mysterious, dashing, charming, articulate, witty, uber-intelligent Edward fall for you in the first place?  It is revolting to a fault.  Bella as a human was nothing.  And Edward was wrong - once again, this is becoming a bit of a habit - to have ever withheld from her such an inspiring life.  Was Edward right about anything?  Moreover, even as happy little vampires, their relationship is never explored, their marriage never deepens.  They never evolve past seventeen and eighteen.  We are told they have more sex.  We are told Bella loves her child.  I don't remember Edward specifically saying that, or being grateful for becoming a father, but I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt.  No mention of Dartmouth ever takes place again.  No mention of living on their own - outside a nearby cottage - is ever suggested.  They remain completely inert.  The fact is, this story has no heart.  It has no soul.  There's no romance.  There's no feeling of an epic journey.  All it is, is Bella becomes a vampire.  Because evidently she's better that way.  And more evidently, she knew that all along and Edward was stupid for not just changing her way back on prom night.  Although now they have a creepy child that will out age them both in just a few years.    Problem 9 - Unnecessary Developments    I see a couple of ways this could have been better.  Either simply end the story with Bella being happily vampired and save an entire forest of trees in the couple hundred pages of story we could have been spared, or perhaps delve, with even a grain of wisdom or insight, into married life for Mr. and Mrs. Cullen.   We didn't get either of those things.  Instead we got what amounted to a completely different story hinging entirely on misunderstandings, unnecessary characters introduced meant to what - I have a sneaking suspicion it involves large amounts of $$$ and additional books on uninteresting and tertiary characters - and the arrival once again of the Volturi.  I don't want an action novel.  If I wanted that, I would have read something else.  Eclipse had action.  BD should have a different mood, we shouldn't be rehashing this fight the Volturi thing again.  It's tiresome, derivative and more than anything else, just some sort of pointless action sequence to put in the movie.  It's like they can't be allowed any happiness.  Even in eternity, happiness is fleeting apparently, even if you're with your one true love who's given up her life for you.  There's always someone who wants to kill you.  Call me old fashioned.      Problem 10 - The Shield    Have a mentioned how much I hate this book?  Ok, so Bella isn't just the world's most well adjusted vampire.  She's also got this super power thing going on.  We are to believe that the gods of vampire destiny sent Bella to Forks to meet and fall in love with Edward - after a brief fling with Jacob - all because she is the vampire savior with this thing she pops out of her head like a cartoon balloon, in which she can expand it to include all her loved ones and keep them safe.  Did we just jump genres?  Bella the Super Vampire?  Does she need a cape and a sidekick?  Oh right, Edward's the sidekick, reduced in this pathetic story to nothing more than sperm donor.  Edward's talent, though it plagues him, is at least interesting.  Alice's is useful despite the mind numbing headaches.  Bella's is just trite and reaching for a now audacious level of absurdity.  Once again reiterating that she was nothing as a human, but that all the doors of the world have opened to her as a vampire.  Humanity, as it turns out, was Bella's greatest weakness after all, both inside and out.  Funny, for three books that was what Edward found most endearing.  Geez, wasn't he an idiot?  Then again, weren't we all?  And the greater question is this.  Why does Bella need a super power?  Why does one need to be invented for her?  I was led to believe Edward loved her exactly the way she was?  I was led to believe that being human was enough.  Evidently, it's not.  Evidently I've somehow found myself misdirected to the Sparkly Skinned Super Friends hour.     In short, I was left shaking my head to the last page wondering how in the world this opportunity to shine went so terribly wrong.  At its essence the culmination of this story should have been a man and a woman growing up, if not in age, then in maturity, making the choices together that would define them and the life they'd build together, overcoming all theobstacles set before them to love each other in a real and powerful way.  Like a roller coaster that jumps the tracks and plummets to the ground, this waste of time took me on a ride that I don't ever want to go on again.  For shame, Ms. Meyer, the characters deserve better than this.
0515141429|5.0|Very quick arrival ofnthis book.  Seems to appear as it was never read.  Like new condition.
0061914177|5.0|I am so please that I bought this book. Super easy fast read. Once you start you just get through it with ease. The words flow, and Gary is just an entertaining in this book as he is on WineLibaryTV. Love it! I am also a wine lover and enjoy watching him on the internet reviewing wines. Love that he is not a stuffy wine reviewer. It makes one want to watch. I'm that way. I've been thinking for a long time how to do what I love. After I picked up this book, along with a few others, not only do I have a plan for my business, I am passing it a long to those I know who have a \\"vision\\" as well.    Job well done - good luck to you Gary!  Judith - [...]   (I'm working on \\"crushing it\\")  judith@wineallday.com
1557280290|2.0|I was prepared to like/love this book, as so many reviewers I respect (including the novelist who wrote the foreword) call it a great novel. It is well written....but about characters I would not want to spend time with in life. The title character, an only child, is flat emotionally, as were his parents.  I read that the author views Stoner's life as a triumph solely because he did what he wanted to do (teach literature).  It didn't FEEL like a triumph. A depression hovers over Stoner and the novel. For most of his career he wasn't a good teacher; his long marriage was a disaster; his university career was dead-ended by a rival. He dies forced into an early retirement, tended by the neurotic wife from whom he has been estranged for decades. I want to find one character who holds my interest in any novel I read--even a villain, as long as (s)he's compelling. I didn't find one here.
B000TGJ7ZY|3.0|This review covers the transfer quality of the bluray disc, not the movie which is one of my favorites and certainly a 5 star film. The problem with the Bluray edition of BSD versus the Superbit release is simple: the transfer to 1080 BD is very uneven. By this I mean the contrast is all over the board; colors are brilliant in one scene and in the next washed out or dull; one moment you are admiring the clarity, the next it's fuzzy and out of focus. The viewing experience is remarkably inconsistant and at times can get a bit annoying to see these very vbisible transfer flaws. I have no problems with the sound of the Bluray release, which sounds very similar to the Superbit DVD DTS AC3 soundtrack.    The BD does come with some nice supplemental bonus features. I will keep this release for that reason. But if I plan to ever watch BSD on my Bluray player, it will be with the Superbit DVD, which when upscaled is leagues better in the video department.
B001GCUO5M|4.0|PROS:<br />*Beautifully filmed<br />*A strong performance from Leonardo DiCaprio<br />*Excellent support from Ben Kingsley, Ted Levine, Patricia Clarkson and Max von Sydow<br />*Good direction from Mr. Scorsese<br />*Some real haunting imagery<br />CONS:<br />*Disappointing ending<br />*Disappointing turns from Mark Ruffalo, Michelle Williams and Emily Mortimer<br />*Sometimes music score too bombastic<br />SUMMARY:  Competent and disturbing thriller that keeps you involved.
B003H6Z0TU|5.0|Peters, Lorengar, and Berry are outstanding in their roles, and Kertesz was top-notch conductor.  For me, Roberta Peters is the one and only Queen of the Night, someone who thoroughly understood this role and mastered it completely.
B003J7HOKU|3.0|For Parkway Drive fans this is a must buy. But if you've never listened to PWD before, I suggest you listen to Horizons and Killing With A Smile first. Don't get me wrong, the music on this album is great, and they are still one of my favorite bands, but Parkway Drive made a BIG mistake in not selecting Adam D, of Killswitch Engage as their producer. Adam did the previous 2 albums and they sounded amazing. Deep Blue definitely takes a step back in terms of production. It just lacks that full, vibrant, in your face, metal sound. When listening to Horizons or KWAS the music literally punches you in the face, you're definitely not going to get this feeling when listening to Deep Blue. The sound of the guitars and drums are not full/loud enough to even compare to the other albums. I will say Winston's vocals sound great like usual. I was expecting SO MUCH MORE though. Again, its a good album but it did not exceed expectations, in fact it fell short. 3 years for this?? Come on Parkway.   On another note, some of the more memorable tracks on the album are Sleepwalker and Home is For the Heartless.
B000HTMQW4|5.0|A long time friend of mine who is the best French chef I've ever known (including all but one French restaurant I've ever eaten at, and she is that chef's equal), recommends the 15th printing of this book from 1967 as the best version. Although she didn't go into details, she explained that subsequent editions change techniques and some recipes for the worse.<br /><br />I was able to find a copy on eBay with no problem, and I've seen it here at reasonable prices. We've owned ours and enjoyed meals cooked from it for many years now.<br /><br />HINTS: Try the French Pan Fried Steaks. You'll never want to prepare a steak any other way again.<br /><br />The Coquille St. Jacques (scallops in a creamy wine sauce) is outstanding, but one warning, quite a time sink in preparation.<br /><br />The Tomatos Provencale are very easy to make and are a great side for most fancy meals. It is permissible to go easy on the oregano depending on your taste.<br /><br />Mushroom Soup is another time sink, yet it will be the best soup you've ever tasted.<br /><br />Crepes: easy to make (just be sure you have a wide, shallow pan), and you can fill them with various things to make either side dishes or desserts.<br /><br />The book will get you to quick and successful souffles. The key is in reducing the heat properly as you put the souffle in the oven. Remember that and you'll never have one fall.<br /><br />Last tip, order a copper mixing bowl at the same time you order this book.
B003KT3NRA|5.0|I love this cd.  Vince kick ass on this disc.  I love the 2 new songs and the cover songs are great.  Nobody fault is the best of the cover songs on this .  If yoou like Motley Crue then you need this. Rock on Vince you rule!!!
B002ZG98Z0|2.0|After watching the first movie Sex and the City (2008) two years ago, I wrote in my review that \\"I wished Carrie, Samantha, Charlotte and Miranda happy lives but I would not want another reunion. Their stories have been told.\\" Well, somebody decided that their stories still were worth exploring, and Sex and the City 2 hit the screens. I did not expect much but thought that the biggest, most glamorous, exotic, and outrageously soaked in the decadent luxury film with four defying age and laws of gravity Manhattan fashionistas best friends could be fun. And indeed, the Abu Dhabi scenes (filmed in Morocco) that take the central part of the movie are spectacular. The super star hotel where four friends were staying which I assume supposed to be Emirates Palace, the most expensive hotel ever built, is most certainly the star of the movie, THE PALACE where the luxury of the Arabian fairy tales combined with the efficiency and quality of services would satisfy the most jaded guest if he/she can afford $22,000 per night or has luck to stay as a guest of a Abu Dhabi's sheik. As always, the fashion site of Sex and the City is colorful, creative, and chic even if sometimes it looks totally out of place and silly. The dresses, bags, purses, accessories, shoes (salivates), the stunning jewelry designed to resemble the eastern patterns are all breathtaking. The problem is that the lavish abundance of all things glamorous could not hide the cruelty and weigh of time towards the foursome, and most sadly - to Carrie Bradshaw. I don't know what happened to Sara Jessica Parker's face - the plastic surgery went wrong or her makeup artist on the set held a serious grudge against her but watching her close-ups was a true torture. Parker may not have been a classic beauty in the past but she used to more than compensate with the charm, gentle voice, gorgeous hair, sparkling big eyes - something unique she had that made her cute and deservingly won her the part of Carrie Bradshaw in the hit HBO series. It is not the problem that even the most fashionable attractive women grow older and change as time goes by but Carrie Bradshaw has been a quintessential \\"girl\\", an embodiment of eternal femininity and desire. In the Sex and the City 2, she was the most attractive while hiding under the covers of the mid-eastern women clothing and stopping the taxi in the same exact fashion as Claudette Colbert in the B/W classic It happened one night. In the latest Sex and the City entry, her looks even contradict with the plot lines. Who would blame Mr. Big for wanting to spend two days a week apart from her to help the marriage work? Who would believe Aidan, who made a surprising appearance in the Abu Dhabi the same day Carrie was there, when he kept repeating in awe how great she looked? I did not. Ironically, both men looked great and have not changed a bit since the days of the show. Another thought came to my mind - for the film with sex and the City in its title, it has very little of both. If anything, the streets of New York City were missed. Of four women, only Samantha still was interested in sex (when she was able to gulp all the medications to fight with menopause), and often in the very wrong places.<br /><br />I don't regret having seen the film in the theater. Two of my friends and I went to the Cinema Cafe on Wacky Wednesday, and the tickets were only $3.50. The movie was fun while it lasted but in the end once again I want to wish four friends the happy lives and to say goodbye to them. Their stories have been told.HBO series. It is not the problem that even the most fashionable attractive women grow older and change as time goes by but Carrie Bradshaw has been a quintessential \\"girl\\", an embodiment of eternal femininity and desire. In the Sex and the City 2, she was the most attractive while hiding under the covers of the mid-eastern women clothing and stopping the taxi in the same exact fashion as Claudette Colbert in the B/W classic It happened one night. In the latest Sex and the City entry, her looks even contradict with the plot lines. Who would blame Mr. Big for wanting to spend two days a week apart from her to help the marriage work? Who would believe Aidan, who made a surprising appearance in the Abu Dhabi the same day Carrie was there, when he kept repeating in awe how great she looked? I did not. Ironically, both men looked great and have not changed a bit since the days of the show. Another thought came to my mind - for the film with sex and the City in its title, it has very little of both. If anything, the streets of New York City were missed. Of four women, only Samantha still was interested in sex (when she was able to gulp all the medications to fight with menopause), and often in the very wrong places.     I don't regret having seen the film in the theater. Two of my friends and I went to the Cinema Cafe on Wacky Wednesday, and the tickets were only $3.50. The movie was fun while it lasted but in the end once again I want to wish four friends the happy lives and to say goodbye to them. Their stories have been told.
B003A4IFGY|5.0|There really is no way around it, \\"Mojo\\" is a great album. Actually, I guess there is a way around it, if you want Tom and the band to perpetually sound like all their great stuff from 30+ years ago and never deviate from that sound you may be disappointed in this release. That's the only reason I can think of for the negative reviews here. I thought this was a great CD from the very first listen and every listen since. Steve Miller has recently stated that he believes no one wants to hear new music from him because all they want to hear is his hits from the late 70's. Judging by his new release \\"Bingo\\" and this release from TP that is a very unfortunate attitude to have. You don't have to give up the old great music, but there's no reason not to embrace the new stuff when it is this doggone good!
B00127RAJY|4.0|After reading the other reviews and deciding to cancel my gym membership, I tried 30-day Shred. The other reviews made me anxious (slightly nervous) to try the first workout - all of the people who run X miles/week and lift weights and are in good shape etc., plus Jillian's tough style. I expected boot camp, but felt up for the challenge. This morning (I'm not an AM workout person but had to due to schedule) I completed Level 1. It was challenging and I felt like I got a good 20min burn, but was not overwhelmed. Definitely do-able. And, Jillian was a little friendlier than I had anticipated from the other comments posted. Now I feel energized and ready for the day, ready to try Level 2 also. I am now wondering if I am up for combining workouts for a 40 min challenege... :-) And I got a great price on the DVD, so I'm happy with this addition to my home workout stash.
031604461X|2.0|WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS    It was a Friday afternoon in October of 2007, and there were only about twenty minutes until my very hectic school week would come to a close. Having completed all of our tasks for the day, myself and a few of the girls in my debate class formed a circle at the back of the room and began to discuss books. After agreeing on the fact that we all loved Scott Westerfield's Uglies series, my debate team member mentioned the Twilight Series. \\"What's Twilight?\\" I asked, imagining some lame Hobbit-esque fiction series. All of the girls looked to me in shock, their mouths open in wide little O's. \\"You haven't heard of Twilight?\\" one of them asked. The next few minutes were followed by the girls urging me to read this mysterious series,spouting out phrases like \\"awesome\\",\\"hot vampires\\", and \\"Edward Cullen\\" as my team member wrote down the order of the three novels on a piece of paper. She handed me the note as the class period came to a close, and I promised that I would begin reading them. The next day was a boring Saturday, and when my mom took a trip to our local bookstore, I tagged along. In the juvenile fiction section, I spotted many copies of Twilight. I was immediately intrigued by the pair of pale white hands offering up the forbidden apple, and I began reading as soon as I got home. I read the entire book in a single six hour sitting, and there was just something that I loved about it. Like Bella, I was seventeen years old, plain, and in a setting with a lot of new people. The fact that her love for Edward was so pure, yet so dangerous at the same time, fully blew my mind. I could not wait for more. Within the next month, I plowed my way through the three existing books of The Twilight Saga. There were only a handful of people at my school who had read them, so I really didn't have anyone to share my enthusiasm for this series with. All I could do was wait in terrible anticipation  for the final book to come out the next August. I purchased Breaking Dawn on the day that it hit the shelves, read it in a little less than eight hours...and immediately wished that I could have those eight hours of my life back. This book ruined any affection that I had for the Twilight Saga, and here is why:    We all know that Stephenie Meyer has some pretty conservative views on family, marriage, and sexuality, and I do not begrudge her for the traditional pearls of wisdom that she tries to instill in her readers.In fact, her conservatism is one of the things that I came to love about the series. Though Edward and Bella felt an intense and passionate physical attraction to one another, they were willing to wait until they officially belonged to one another before they had sex. I knew that the marriage and consumation of their relationship would come in the fourth book, and I could not wait for their happy ending. However, Stephenie Meyer's depiction of Bella and Edward's wedding, \\"first time\\", and the events that followed were very awkward and, dare I say it, grotesque. To me, it almost seemed as if Bella's wedding was happening entirely against her will. Alice Cullen showed up at Bella and Charlie's house on the day of the wedding, took her to the Cullen's home, and immediately forced her into a chair where she began applying her makeup and doing her hair. Instead of thinking about taking an important step in her life, Bella could only focus on how uncomfortable Alice was making her feel. She was then put into her dress and whisked down the stairs to be married. As she and Edward danced, she was still mourning the absence of her friend Jacob. After the reception, Alice forced luggage on Bella that she herself had packed, and then she and Edward headed off to their honeymoon on an uncharted island. Instead of being happy about their first time together, Edward boldly stripped in the ocean while Bella ran to the bathroom for sanctuary. After finally getting up the nerve, she took of her clothes and got into the waterwith her new husband. Now I can't speak for the rest of the readers, but after sitting through three novels that described Bella and Edward's passion in great detail, I expected some kind of sex scene. I don't mean something intensely graphic, but the kind of thing you would see in a PG-13 flick. Instead...we get nada. After stepping into the water with her man, Bella wakes up in a room to find herself covered in feathers and her new hubby lying beside her with a tortured look on her face. She discovers that she is covered head to toe in bruises, and Edward vows to not touch her again as long as she is human. Bella spends the next several days trying to seduce Edward before he finally caves. After her second experience, she decides that she would like to take Edward's advice and stay human for a little longer, go to college, and enjoy being married. However, her plans are thwarted when she discovers that (after a couple of weeks of vivid dreams, an insatiable craving for eggs, and some morning sickness) she is pregnant. She and Edward cut their honeymoon short and head back to Forks to \\"take care\\" of the situation. Though Edward and Carlisle want to get the baby out of Bella for her own safety, she is in love with and wants to give birth to it. After an accelerated pregnancy in which she drinks blood for her health and tries to make peace with Jacob, Bella is killed by the birth of her child and has to undergo emergency \\"vampirization\\" (Jacob's term, not mine). Jacob predictably imprints on the child, and after a feared battle with the Volturi amounts to nothing, all parties live happily ever after.    ...WWWWhhhaaatt?? In my opinion, this book was just one big mess. While I understand Meyer's need to promote traditional family values to her readers, there is no such thing as \\"normal\\" when supernatural creatures are involved. The whole story of Edward and Bella having a child was a little creepy, and hearing Bella describe the urge to drink from her father was a bit unnerving. Also, Jacob was my favorite person of the entire series, but Meyer reduced this very beloved boy into a pedophile in Breaking Dawn by having him imprint on a child. Call me immature if you would like, but that's what it is called when a seventeen/eighteen-year-old male falls for a newborn child with the intent to be romanctically involved with her some day: pedophilia. To make it worse, Meyer tells us that this creature called Renesmee will never mature physically past childhood. Um ,yeah, let's not take that mental picture into account. After reading this book, it made me wonder what Meyer's own marriage has been like. Was her own wedding full of uncomfortability as her future sister-in-law forced her to be her own personal Barbie doll for several hours? Was the wedding night full of anxiety to the point of physical illness, and the morning after plagued by her husband's self-hate? All in all, what was a very romantic series turned into every woman's worst  nightmare with Breaking Dawn. Because you do not get any closure with Eclipse, you must read this book to find out what happens with the series. But if I could spare you, I would recommend not wasting your time on this terribly grotesque waste of 800 pages.
B0018B1O7I|3.0|The Doors still makes various lists as one of the most important albums of the rock era, and certainly as one of the best debut albums of the era.  The album itself has been reviewed extensively, as have the various CD reissues; therefore, I will limit this review to the download version of it.  Since I own the vinyl release of The Doors and wanted to have it available for my iPod without all the crackles and sputters of converting the LP to digital format and didn't feel the need to own the physical CD, I opted for buying Amazon.com's MP3 download.  Each of the tracks clearly states \\"LP Version\\" in the listing for the download; however, Amazon has inexplicably included only the ineptly truncated single version of \\"Light My Fire.\\"  I feel that this is a complete misrepresentation of the album.  Afterall, this is perhaps the best-known song on The Doors.  Also, note that unlike the remixed CD that Amazon includes in the same listing as their MP3 version, here you won't find the \\"missing\\" lyrics of \\"Break on Through\\" and \\"The End.\\"  It is almost as though they have taken the original versions of the songs -- save the single version of \\"Light My Fire\\" -- and constructed a semi-remixed MP3 album.  The MP3 album's sound quality, though, generally is pretty good, and the songs do seem to have a punchier sound, certainly than on the original vinyl release.  Just be warned, the MP3 \\"album\\" DOES NOT include all the material from the original album -- the missing 4 minutes of \\"Light My Fire,\\" is perhaps the best part of the song, especially Ray Manzarek's organ solo and his comping behind Robbie Krieger's guitar solo.  I guess that I should have spent the extra dollar and purchased The Doors on iTunes.  Be forewarned and don't make the same mistake I made...  By the way, be aware that most of the reviews of this album that are included under the heading of MP3 downloads are actually of the CD release.  I believe that this may be the only review that specifies the deficiencies in the MP3 version.in the MP3 version.
B0017YZI7S|5.0|I was at this concert in Austin, October 2006.  It was fabulous, outside at Zilker Park. October was perfect with the breezes and trees swaying in the background while the Stones took the stage and the crowd by storm.  As only they can do.  Get this DVD...if you were at the concert, you will remember it by re-living it.  If you were not there, watching this really loud is a good simulation of being there!  It is great and so fun to see the Stones rockin' hard in their 60s!
0689865384|5.0|In a post-apocalyptic world where looks and beauty are standardised Tally Youngblood is about to turn 16... and pretty.<br /><br />Tally is an ugly and about to receive an extensive operation that every ugly receive when they turn 16 to make them pretty. The only problem is her best friend's run away to a rumoured rebel base called The Smoke and now Tally's in trouble with Special Circumstances.<br /><br />She's given the option of going and finding The Smoke to help all the runaways or staying ugly forever.<br /><br />From the first word Tally's voice leapt off the pages and immediately drew me into her world. There's plenty of action, suspense and questions to keep the pages turning to find out what's going to happen. I know the whole cosmetic surgery idea is not an original idea, but Scott Westerfeld gives a unique spin on things and along with some new inventions (bungy jackets) marks it for a good read.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|A rare peek of life under a communist, socialist government, in this case in 1984 East Germany. East Germany was in the World's spotlight, due to which it had the highest standard of living and the most freedoms of all other European communist block countries. Further, by 1984 things had improved to a considerable degree.  This film is a great achivement, a must see film. The writing and acting are exceptional and the twist in the plot is masterful.  However, to those who know and study this dark period in human history, there has not been other such \\"good\\" men.
0880796863|5.0|This is my first tarot deck and I must say it's fantastic. I wanted to start out with this deck, since it is the basic tarot deck. I've done countless readings for myself, family, and friends and have even turned non-believers into believers who ask me for a reader before they do anything. I connected with this deck right away and about 95% of my readings have been deadly accurate. I would recommend this deck to anyone starting out with tarot.<br />The Key to the Tarot booklet was a bit hard to get used to for meanings for me personally, so I use another book that helps explain the meanings of each card more in-depth.
B002T9H2LA|1.0|Just another venue for Tarantino to express his lust for sadism and mutilation. Doing it to Nazis is safe, who doesn't hate the Nazis? Oddly, in the movie the Nazis are portrayed as intelligent, educated and even heroic. For example, one Nazi with dignity chose to have his brains bashed with a baseball bat, rather than betray his country, while the Americans are the ones perpetrating the atrocities.  Tarantino's premise is that the Nazis, which is short for the National Socialist Worker's Party, were so bad that the heroes in the movie need to kill and mutilate as many of them as possible. Yet, Tarantino gave to Michael More the top French film award for his Socialist propaganda flick.  I endured the movie dragging on for 2 1/2 hours because I read it has an Academy Award potential. There is lots of talk in several languages and with subtitles. The subtitles flash fast, had to constantly stop the movie just to keep up with what is going on, only to read more drivel. Worse, the subtitles are yellow, shown on light background.  Brad Pitt, who is usually interesting to watch, plays a macho redneck with a not well-developed southern accent and only in a small portion of the movie. As to the plot, it is idiotic and boring.
B003BYYCLU|5.0|I'm impressed with this album and surprised because I didn't think that I would like it.
0393072231|5.0|I read Michael Lewis's \\"Liar's Poker\\" back in the late 80s when I was working on Wall Street.  It perfectly described the bulge bracket I-banking world of that era and the culture among the well-educated 20-somethings who worked there.  That book and \\"Bonfire of the Vanities\\" are classics that perfectly captured the spirit of the times.<br /><br />Although Lewis's subsequent books, such as \\"The New New Thing\\" and \\"Moneyball\\" were entertaining enough, they at times were a bit fluffy;  the impressive command of the subject material that Lewis exhibited in \\"Liar's Poker\\" seemed absent.  In \\"New New Thing\\", Lewis became too enamored of his subject, Jim Clark, and he viewed Clark's various Internet schemes with uncritical, fawning admiration that seems hopelessly naive in retrospect.<br /><br />Given this recent track record, I didn't begin \\"The Big Short\\" with the highest of expectations.  Fortunately, I was pleasantly surprised.  Lewis has written his best book since \\"Liar's Poker\\". \\"The Big Short\\" describes the deception, skewed incentives, greed, and ignorance that created the mortgage bubble.  He makes an utterly convincing argument that the bubble and subsequent financial crisis was a completely avoidable event, the result of a screwed-up financial system where almost nobody realized how much risk was being taken.<br /><br />Lewis provides us with the most thorough, detailed, yet understandable description of the creation of the mortgage bubble that you will find anywhere.  But what makes the book truly stellar is his descriptions of the various individuals working within the industry who identified the blatant excesses in the mortgage market before others did and who used their knowledge to make a fortune.  These guys are a decidedly quirky bunch, and Lewis's description of their eccentricities and unconventional behavior is tremendously entertaining.  Still, underlying the quirkiness is an impressive work ethic and doggedness that leads them to do what great investors can do:  to stand up against the tidal wave of prevailing conventional wisdom and bet against the crowd even when clients are screaming at you for doing so.<br /><br />After reading \\"Too Big To Fail\\", I was sure I'd read the definitive history of the recent financial crisis and that no other book could come close.  I was wrong.  \\"The Big Short\\" approaches the subject from a much different perspective and is also a great book.stand up against the tidal wave of prevailing conventional wisdom and bet against the crowd even when clients are screaming at you for doing so.      After reading \\"Too Big To Fail\\", I was sure I'd read the definitive history of the recent financial crisis and that no other book could come close.  I was wrong.  \\"The Big Short\\" approaches the subject from a much different perspective and is also a great book.
1439102813|5.0|Everyone in our book club liked this book.  It is about memory loss,  but is written in a very positive way and the ending is very well done. It's not a difficult read. We had good discussions about the characters and what we thought of them....each was very real.  We plan to read the author's next book soon.
030726999X|3.0|After waiting for this book to come out, I admit to being disappointed with it for several reasons.  The book is long--and heavy--but it's a little slow and not much really happens.  If The Girl Who Played with Fire is not fresh in your mind, you'll spend the first 80 pages or so trying to remember what's going on.  There are so many characters (again), many of whom have very similar names, making it hard to keep track at times.<br /><br />The biggest disappointment, though, is that there's not enough of Lisbeth in this book.  While supposedly the subject of the novel, she's actually kind of a peripheral character through most of the story line and doesn't participate in the action until near the end.<br /><br />So the final book in the series turns out to be more of a police procedural, with way too much newspaper drama and love story setup, and not nearly enough of Lisbeth and her hacker friends.
B000HKM9VG|5.0|This was the author's first and in my opinion, his BEST book.  The plot was excellent and  the book was better than the movie.
0385504225|5.0|I now live in Taipei and I have a decent 45 minute commute each direction.  One train, no changes.  Been reading everything I can get my hands on over here.  Having enjoyed all of his books I picked this one up.  Yes, despite the setting, it is essentially like Angels & Demons and DaVinci Code with a similar pace and surprises, but what I liked about it is that he is still able to take a direction of science (real or hypathetical) and just go with it.  He doesn't just get on his soapbox and scream at what he knows; he turns the possibilities of science into an enjoyable read.  (Science is open for anyone to prove challenge any idea.  The basis of science.)  And reading should be fun.  I really, really liked this book.  I am going to go back and re-read the Divinci Code.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|It seems to be very rare for me to find a CD where I actually enjoy ALL of the songs. A friend played \\"Sigh no more\\" for me and I thought I'd give the rest of the album a shot since I liked that song so much. The lyrics are moving, the music is talented, and the sound is stellar. Of course, music is very objective, but this is my new favorite CD with a great blend of folk and rock-a perfectly modern combination. I am anxiously awaiting their next CD!
B00003CXCD|5.0|This movie is absolutely satisfactory. Comedy, romance. Ahh. Audrey Hepburn performs at her best (according to me), and Gregory Peck just completes the entire package. Filmed entirely in Rome. This movie is an instant classic. My favorite.
B001AUKUSG|5.0|there is good music and there is g r e a t  music...  Otis band could not be better..  and this loveman is much more than a skillful, wonderful soulsinger, he is a poet of the heart
B00009NHC5|5.0|Instead of the gore in today's scary movies, this one is just plain creepy. It gives me goosebumps every time I watch it, and the first time I saw the film I jumped and my mother screamed. Very good and clean.
1905236042|3.0|I am a yoga teacher and mother and was looking for cards my daughter could use to   introduce her to yoga.   I thought the poses would be more classical.  On the plus side, she can play the games when she gets older.
B001HPP2XW|5.0|Audrey Hepburn shines in Truman Capote's Breakfast Tiffany's. The movie is classy and not obscene like the book. Gather together the girls, or classic movie lovers, some popcorn, kleenex, and pop in this dvd.
B001GCUNWQ|5.0|This is a great movie all of your favorite characters are back in this third installment of the series. this movie rocks
B000W799NU|4.0|Obviously, I love all the Harry Potter movies, this one included. After the book, though, there is SO much left out due to time constraints - plus, I'm not a big fan of bugs. Still is a great movie, and is one of the standards in my collection. It's fun and interesting to see the development of the actors since the first movie. They (the actors AND the movies) just keep getting better and better. Don't miss out on this one!
B00001ZWTT|5.0|Will smith is awesome. he plays a good james west and a good cowboy. this movie is awesome this is a good movie
B000NA28HU|1.0|I read the book, and I highly recommend the book. I watched the movie, expecting it to follow it. It didn't. I was sorely disappointed with the movie. Don't buy it.<br />********SPOILER*********<br />It does well with unimportant pieces like how he found the egg, and Brom's story-telling. Those are kind of important, but not key points to the story. Brom and Eragon didn't go to any of the populated towns; they went from Carvahal to the dead town where Eragon found his magic, then they hiked across the forest line to the jail area and Eragon fought the urgals and Brom was mad and then they freed the elf and then they traveled a bit more and they found Murtag and Brom died and they traveled to the mountain and then they were barely accepted then there was the war and that's basically the entire movie
B003RHLIQ8|1.0|In general, at the end of the second season, I am still hunting for something (or someone) to like about this series. The first season was spent with interpersonal relationships. The Science Fiction, the \\"Wow, look what we found,\\" is not even a decent side line. They have finally been able to introduce an obscure alien race. The still lack the enjoyable scientific  discussions/debate provided by Carter, Jackson or McKay (which actually touched on scientific theory). I keep watching occasionally getting a glimpse  of a cameo of Carter, Jackson or O'Neil. You know the story line is thin when Carter, Jackson and O'Neil, who have been on the shows for a cumulative time of 10 minutes, are used in the start-up sequence and trailers.    Plenty of Gay agenda with no hinting around (a la Carter & O'Neil) about attraction between straight characters. At times resembling the gaucheness and  vulgarity of Desperate Housewives. \\"Wormhole Extreme\\" was better than this.    The season end'er had hints of better SciFi to come. With the Alliance having gated on board and the forced exploration of the rest of the ship, we might get real SciFi rather than a dismal day to day survival. Everyone is so depressed I keep expecting mass suicide as a plot twist.    Would I recommend this to a friend? Emphatically, NO! Oh, wait, the disintegrating-death-ray from the nutron star leaking through the weakening shields was  grossly cool.
B003DZM54I|5.0|Vince has delivered a full on rock record that kicks ass! Even though majority of the songs are covers, he picked ones that suit him well.. I'm a huge fan of Motley, but I was very open minded and knowing that this wasn't going to sound anything like Motley. Great album and tunes! Keep on rockin Vince!
B001C4CI8U|5.0|The first season of \\"Fringe\\" on DVD was GREAT!  It arrived in a timely manner and in good condition.  Amazon kept me informed and the seller held up his end of the deal.  All the way around...a great experience.
B001UV4XFG|4.0|The movie was good, the book was better. But I feel that way about each movie versus the books so maybe it's just me. I feel deprived after watching the movies of all the details in the books. Things are left out or changed which I don't like.   I just hope they don't mess up Breaking Dawn by leaving things out.
B003ICWTTM|5.0|This is truly the first concert film to fully utilize the sonic and picture quality characteristics of BluRay.  The picture and sound are as clear as anything I have ever seen and heard.  I received this and the U2 360 BluRays on the same day.  After watching this, I couldn't even sit through the U2 one, it was like going from a DVD to a VHS tape. Great set list, great performance, great picture, great sound. This is ample payback for the dull muddy sound of the Barcellona DVD. Thanks Bruce.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|I went to the movie theatre this morning to see the Eclipse! I was scared that the third movie will not be that good... Thanks God I was sooooo wrong! I would say that this movie has a lot of action, kisses, romance, funny moments and dialogues! I loved it and will be looking forward to getting the DVD!
0385339607|3.0|The main storyline contains courtroom drama that matches Grisham's best for attorney shenanigans and legal surprises. I couldn't stop reading the portions that described the trial.     On first reading, the first 100 pages bored me. But now that I am re-reading, I see the point and they are ok.    The conclusion is bizarre and anticlimactic and seems silly, as though Grisham couldn't come up with a sensible end. The love intrigue is irrelevant to the case against the insurance company and is contrived.     The story is marred by Grisham's tendency to use his story for his far-left activism. Here it is a campaign against big corporations (insurance, in this case) and abusive husbands.     With good editing, condensation, and self-discipline, this could have been a masterpiece.
B000088DSQ|5.0|Let me start off by saying that I normally do not like period instruments or period performance style. I am also not a fan of Harnoncourt. Having said that, I was surprised by the quality of these performances of the Bethoven Piano Concertos by Aimard and Harnoncourt. Although they can never displace Solomon, Kempff, Gieseking (yes, Gieseking recorded no.s 1, 4 and 5), Fischer, Richter-Haaser, Curzon, Moravec and Kovacevich in my preferences, they provide a delightfully alternative way of listening to these warhorses. They have a chamber-like intimacy to them and the piano is delicate without sacrificing strength (like the proper way to hold a golf club). Of course, this means that they lack any sense of monumentality, especially in the 5th, but for late-night listening they are ideal. The COE is a superb orchestra, with or without Harnoncourt (their recording of Mozart's K.361 Serenade is tops). If these performances have a slightly Mozartian feel to them, it is helful to remember that they are among Beethoven's earlier compositions and were frequently performed in small, chamber-like settings. Fine used copies are readily available on Amazon.com at considerably reduced prices from their original cost and well worth the investment; thus, highly recommended.
B001GS4U9M|2.0|The first 100 pages or so are quite boring.    Then Grisham hits his stride. The main storyline contains courtroom drama that matches Grisham's best for attorney shenanigans and legal surprises. I couldn't stop reading the portions that described the trial.     The conclusion is bizarre and anticlimactic and seems silly, as though Grisham couldn't come up with a sensible end. The love intrigue is irrelevant to the case against the insurance company and is contrived.     The story is marred by Grisham's tendency to use his story for his far-left activism. Here it is a campaign against big corporations (insurance, in this case) and abusive husbands.     With good editing, condensation, and self-discipline, this could have been a masterpiece.
B001OQCV2E|1.0|Cliche characters, predictable plot, pretentious sentimentality, ridiculously garish effects. Mindless drool-inducing brain-numbing hollywood potboiler.  Noah's ark theme will appeal to the bible-thumpers.  Please don't encourage them any further by paying money for this trash.
B003HKN52A|5.0|...and some of that concert is right here, what a rush! I'll just say this - I've seen many great concerts. Jerry Lee Lewis, Hank Jr., Chuck Berry, and so many more I couldn't name them all here. I'll just say this here and now, there's no one who can touch Elvis. Watching him live was magical, the introduction alone was almost like we were all awaiting a supernatural force that was coming out to perform. He was as good as it gets, the best, and this movie will give y'all a small taste of just what it was like to see him perform live.     Don't hesitate one damn minute - buy this, and soon!
0307987698|2.0|I know that Elmo is very popular, but he essentially ruins this book. The original [[ASIN:037582913X The Monster at the End of this Book (Sesame Street) (Big Little Golden Book)]] is a classic that was my favorite book as a child and my children love it too. This one with Elmo is just awful. Unless your child is seriously into Elmo, don't bother with this one. Just get the original.
030726999X|5.0|Received the book in a timely manner and was pleased with the condition.  I would purchase from this vendor again.
B003B13QQU|2.0|i am sad that i paid for this.<br /><br />not the goldfrapp i'd come to expect.<br /><br />i don't blame the artist, though. she's entitled to progress in whichever direction feels right for herself.<br /><br />it's just sad to see tha we have grown apart.<br /><br />two stars for doing more than i am in life, anyway.<br /><br />keeping my fingers crossed for some harder remixes perhaps?
0307594777|5.0|I loved all three books and each one was better than it's predecessor.  I'm quite bummed there won't be any more.  Highly recommended.
1423113497|5.0|As a high school teacher I try to read what my student might be reading or would like.  I would recommend this series to anyone young of heart.  They are pure magic and are a fun example of using Greek mythology to write new stories that incorporate familiar stories from world history.
B00065MDRW|5.0|one of the best albums of all time .... great musicians with fripp ... mcdonald ... lake and giles .... greg lake with his wonderful vocals .... and peter sinfield with some of the best lyrics of all time .... the band caught magic in a recording studio .... this album was way ahead of its time ... influenced many english bands like gentle giant ..... and the sound quality is as good as most records today .... take a listen .... enjoy
B0029QRA1U|1.0|My biggest frustration with this turntable is that the software doesn't always recognize track separation. It will record more than one track and treat it as one when it comes to labeling the titles.  You'll end up with a lot of manual re-recording and titling problems.  Seems like a good unit, but not reliable in consistent performance.
B003HARV3Y|4.0|I really enjoyed this movie, even though there are slight changes to the story compared to the book.  First of all the plot line of the story... Percy is an ADHD and dislexic child attending Yancy Academy.  One day on a field trip, a substitute teacher pulls him aside but turns into a winged creature and attacks him. Mr Brunner, another teacher, and Grover, a friend of Percy's, come to his rescue and subsequently explain that the winged creature was a furie.  Percy is given a \\"pen\\" that turns into a sword from Mr. Brunner, and sent off to Camp Half-Blood.  On the way to camp, Percy, his mother, and Grover are attacked by a Minotaur.  Percy defeats the beast but not before he believes it has killed his mother.  Percy and Grover arrive in Camp where he meets Chiron, the centaur.  Chiron shows Percy the cabin that \\"his father built for him.\\"  The audience finds out Percy's dad is Poseidon.  The campers then participate in a pretty full contact game of capture the flag, where Percy beats Annabeth.  At the celebration that night Hades appears in the fire to force Percy to give Zeus' lightening bolt to him.  Percy, Grover, and Annabeth then set off on a quest to get Percy's mom back from Hades even though Percy didn't take the lightening bolt that Hades wants.  Luke, another camper, gives them a few items to help along the way, such as a shield and some winged shoes.  In order to exit Hades they must find three of Persephone's pearls that are hidden around the USA.  And off they go!  They rest would just spoil it for you : )<br /><br />I know that it was different in ways from the book but I, overall like the flow of the movie a little better.  I do wish they would have kept all the detail regarding info on the Greek gods and myths in the movie.  I also feel that the movie version of Camp Half-Blood did not live up to the image the book portrays and therefore could have been done better.  I was really looking forward to seeing all the cool cabins, especially Poseidon's, but they were just kind of generic camp tents in the movie.  Also, they took out a lot of what went on at camp before the quest and people Percy meets.  In the movie there is no Dionysus, no oracle, no prophecy, and no Thalia's tree.  Oh, and Clarissa.  If you have never read the book you wouldn't feel like something is missing but it would have been cool to see the oracle and in my opinion the prophecy is important for the sequels.  All this said, after Percy and company leave on their quest, I like the movie better.  I probably can't give you as much detail on this but....I felt the changes they made to the book to make the movie after they left camp made the story flow much more smoothly.  I liked that they left out Ares and Aphrodite, which in my opinion seemed a little disjointed from the rest of the plot of the book.  Instead the blame goes right to Luke, which makes sense.  And when they are traveling the country in search of the pearls....makes way more sense when thinking about why they traveled all over and then Poseidon's messenger just happens to give them the pearls.  Also Percy's defeat of Luke at the end is way more believeable than Percy defeating Ares, god of war!!  Anyhow, I hope you enjoy the book and the movie!  I would recommend both!were just kind of generic camp tents in the movie.  Also, they took out a lot of what went on at camp before the quest and people Percy meets.  In the movie there is no Dionysus, no oracle, no prophecy, and no Thalia's tree.  Oh, and Clarissa.  If you have never read the book you wouldn't feel like something is missing but it would have been cool to see the oracle and in my opinion the prophecy is important for the sequels.  All this said, after Percy and company leave on their quest, I like the movie better.  I probably can't give you as much detail on this but....I felt the changes they made to the book to make the movie after they left camp made the story flow much more smoothly.  I liked that they left out Ares and Aphrodite, which in my opinion seemed a little disjointed from the rest of the plot of the book.  Instead the blame goes right to Luke, which makes sense.  And when they are traveling the country in search of the pearls....makes way more sense when thinking about why they traveled all over and then Poseidon's messenger just happens to give them the pearls.  Also Percy's defeat of Luke at the end is way more believeable than Percy defeating Ares, god of war!!  Anyhow, I hope you enjoy the book and the movie!  I would recommend both!
1406711284|4.0|[[ASIN:1406711284 The Stranger]]    Camus begins the story with Meursault, the narrator, stating: \\"Mother died today.\\" It is a terrific opening line; a great line to get the reader's attention.    The plot is simple. Meursault, the main character who is also the narrator, is a Frenchman living in French Algiers. He attends his mother's funeral but he does not exhibit grief over the death of his mother. His actions and behavior show that he seemed unaffected by his mother's death, which of course was very disturbing to me as the reader. He carries on with his life as though nothing had happened. He narrates the uninteresting events in his daily life culminating in his senseless murder of an Arab man. The book is divided into Part One (before the murder) and Part Two (after the murder). Part One ends with a description of the murder, which to me, was the climax of the story. Part Two narrates the trial. Meursalt is condemned to die by guillotine.    After reading the novel, the interest, at least for me, is not so much the details of the plot but the personality of Meursault, the literary devices used by Camus to dramatize highpoints or turning points in the story, and of course Camus' philosophy that the world and society are essentially absurd and indifferent; life is meaningless; the randomness of violence and death. We are like ships tossed about in a stormy sea. Society does not care about you as a person and therefore, it is up to you as an individual to find meaning in life. But in the end what is the use? Does it really matter? Thinkers and philosophers refer to this way of thinking as existentialism. The novel is perceived a classic example of existentialism. Camus used the thoughts and the personality of the main character, Meursault, to illustrate and underline his existentialist philosophy.      Throughout, Meursault has only one episode of emotional outburst. In prison, while waiting for his execution, he became angry with his chaplain. I found the encounter between Meursault and the priest extremely fascinating though.  I must confess that I found a bit of comedy in the conversation between the priest and Meursault, especially the part when the priest was hinting that Meursault might see a divine face on the prison walls of his room. Meursalt sarcastically thought to himself that all the time he was hoping to see the his girlfriend's face on the proson walls in vain.  Because Meursault didn't believe in God, the priest of course was upset and when the priest said, \\"I shall pray for you\\", Meursault lost his temper. In the end, Meursault comes to terms with what he believes to be an indifferent universe and finds solace and happiness in accepting the this indifferent and absurd universe on its own terms.    Meursault is odd and certainly not a likeable character but the descriptive writing style of Camus is excellent. The book is a great read. It raises timeless questions about ethics, the meaning and direction of life and social justice. I would recommend it to everyone.
B003LST9HS|4.0|In the process of documenting my writing of the sequel to the book in Spanish [[ASIN:8493630543 Cabalgando con la Luz - Einstein, Relatividad, y Folclore]], I just finished this magnificent historical, humane, scientific, and philosophical account for the layman of Quantum Physics and the controversy it generated regarding the meaning of the concept of reality.<br />It is hard adding to so much already-existing praise for this book. With only a very few technically imprecise assertions, the book is a must for everyone who wants to understand without mathematics what quantum mechanics is all about -- particularly from the historical and epistemological points of view. The book is quite well documented, and I found its \\"timeline\\" and \\"notes\\" at the end very useful. I couldn't stop reading. Kumar is, doubtlessly, an accomplished writer. Felix Alba-Juez.
0375422307|4.0|Satrapi's graphic novel is an inspiration to expressing oneself in a medium other than words.  Her illustrations are telling; giving hints of expressions and fabulous drawings that echo woodblock prints.  My book club had some trouble transitioning from words to both illustration and words but found the experience worthwhile.  We compared Satrapi's experiences to \\"Reading Lolita in Tehran,\\" and \\"Infidel.\\"  We discovered that the artwork indeed added to the story, and concluded that the \\"graphic novel\\" is a legitimate literary form.
B003U21TBO|5.0|Very nicely done.  Beautiful locations.  Excellent plot and story execution.  Beautifully played by the cast.
B002ZG97RY|1.0|I'm not going to comment on the movie, its plot, how I feel about it, or how you should feel about.  This review is strictly a product review of the Blu-Ray, two disc limited edition version of the film.    If you're looking to buy this movie, I cannot recommend the blu-ray version.  The picture quality is a mixture of acceptable to very poor.  Few scenes actually appear to be high definition with a crisp, clear image, while most of the footage is very grainy.  Realize that this is a result of how the film was made, the cameras that were used, and there was apparently no effort put into cleaning up the image.  It's not just the night scenes, or the action scenes, that the poor picture quality appears in, but also in well-lit interior scenes where the camera is steady,  The claim on the packaging of \\"perfect picture\\" is simply not the case here, but the little mini-review on the cover that says \\"Gritty, thrilling\\" seems to have been the actual review of the image quality.    The blu-ray does have features that you cannot find on the dvd version of the film, such as a picture-in-picture track with extra footage, interviews, and making-of material.  However, the dvd version does include the same audio commentary and deleted scenes.    Bottom line is, the reason I buy blu-ray versions of film is because I want a picture quality that is superior to dvd... that is the feature that I'm willing to spend an extra ten bucks on.  Unfortunately, this blu-ray does not deliver a picture quality that is any better than what you can find in the dvd version.  So simply weigh whether or not you think a picture-in-picture distraction is worth the extra money over what you'd pay for the dvd, because you're going to get the same picture quality no matter which version you get.
B002VPE1YS|4.0|This is a very simple, no-frills protector for pocket-sized electronics.  It's a bit too big for my [[ASIN:B002R5AM7C Flip MinoHD]] but it fits my [[ASIN:B0023B14TK Flip UltraHD]] and my Nikon Coolpix digital camera quite nicely.<br /><br />With it, you could keep your gadgets protected in your pocket or purse.  It's thick and stiff enough to give some protection, while it remains soft enough to be fairly comfortable.  There's also a little carabiner hook so you could attach it to a belt loop or a purse strap, or even just use it as a kind of keychain.  It's no-frills.  No pockets or anything.  What you see is what you get.
B0036XN2L2|4.0|I first became a fan of the Scorpions in high school when [[ASIN:B000001FZ0 Crazy World]] came out.  When I started seeking out their older albums, they quickly became one of my favorite hard rock bands.  The German rockers recently announced that they would be retiring and released Sting in the Tail as a bookend to a long and storied career.  Original members Klaus Meine (vocals) and Rudolf Schenker (guitar) remain, as well as long time lead guitarist Matthias Jabs (from 1979 on).  Rounding out the group are Pavel Maciwoda (from 2004 on) on bass and James Kottak (from 1996 on) on drums.<br /><br />The album gets off to a roaring start with \\"Raised on Rock\\", a catchy as hell homage to the Scorps past.  \\"Sting in the Tail\\" is a great dirty rock song.  \\"Slave Me\\" couples heavy guitar riffing with some sleazy lyrics.  \\"The Good Die Young\\" might be my favorite track on the album.  It has a darker theme than some of the more lighthearted songs here and some haunting background vocals from Tarja Turunen.  Jabs turns in some nice, almost Santana-esque guitar licks on this one.  \\"No Limit\\" and \\"Rock Zone\\" are a couple more straight ahead rockers, with good sing along choruses.  \\"Lorelei\\" hearkens back to \\"Send Me An Angel\\" from Crazy World or \\"Woman\\" from [[ASIN:B000001E1V Face the Heat]].  \\"Turn You On\\" is another signature Scorpions ode to good lovin'.  \\"Sly\\"is a heartfelt ballad, directed from a father to his estranged daughter.  \\"Spirit of Rock\\" is a testimony to the endurance of rock music (and some rock bands?).  The slow tempo-ed \\"The Best is Yet to Come\\" closes the album on a positive note and feels like a thank you to the fans.<br /><br />The album touches on several eras of the Scorpions sound, although it regrettably doesn't pull in their 70s era Uli Jon Roth/Michael Schenker period ([[ASIN:B0000073NC Fly to the Rainbow]] and [[ASIN:B00000ETJO In Trance]] are two of my favorites of their albums).  It's still a great final effort from one of hard rock's longest running acts.  I wish I could catch the final tour when it rolls by, but I'll have to settle for this album.  Auf Wiedersehen, Scorps!  Thanks for all the killer music.ng acts.  I wish I could catch the final tour when it rolls by, but I'll have to settle for this album.  Auf Wiedersehen, Scorps!  Thanks for all the killer music.
B000JSI7BM|5.0|very funny in many parts, you can really relate to the characters and the story never slows down. its a great picture. as they say in \\"i love you man\\": omg i love that movie.......
0451450523|5.0|Seriously, I cannot think about unicorns without thinking about this book. And no, the unicorn in this book is not bloodthirsty. Although I had made up my mind earlier to be Team Unicorn, I think had I been on the fence, this book would definitely have pushed me onto Team Unicorn.<br /><br />The Last Unicorn is a truly beautiful, breathtaking book. It is very short, but quite a bit is packed into those pages. We open with a unicorn walking through the forest she protects. She overhears some hunters talking about how they can never kill anything in the forest, because it is protected by the unicorn. The hunters go on to state how there are no other unicorns left in the world. The unicorn then takes it upon herself to discover just what happened to the other unicorns. Along the way adventures are had, friends are made, evil is faced, yet good is also discovered.<br /><br />You know that feeling you get when reading a fairy tale and you have the perfect narrator? I got while reading The Last Unicorn. I felt like magic could be real. Of course, my emotions ran the gamut. At times I felt melancholy. I was not really sure what I wanted for the unicorn, as she had to make this hard decision, but if you read the book or have seen the movie, you'll know what I mean.<br /><br />The Last Unicorn is a simple tale. I am sure that there is a deeper meaning, however, I haven't really figured it out. That's okay though, we can't all be brilliant at uncovering the underlying message. What I did enjoy was how imaginative the book was. I could picture everything as I was reading it. However, maybe that is due to seeing the movie in childhood. Or maybe I could attribute it to Beagle's writing. His prose is gorgeous. It is never too flowery, but still retains beauty.<br /><br />The Last Unicorn is definitely a fantasy classic. It absolutely had me craving more fantasy, and I could see why the brilliant Patrick Rothfuss said it was one of his favorite books.<br /><br />Here are a few quotes which made my spirit sing:<br /><br />\\"I know exactly how you feel,\\" Schmendrick said eagerly. The unicorn looked at him out of dark, endless eyes, and he smiled nervously and looked at his hands. \\"It's a rare man who is taken for what he truly is,\\" he said. \\"There is much misjudgement in the world....we are not always what we seem, and hardly ever what we dream.\\" pg. 29-30<br /><br />\\"Men have to have heroes, but no man can ever be as big as that need, and so a legend grows around a grain of truth, like a pearl.\\" pg. 64w exactly how you feel,\\" Schmendrick said eagerly. The unicorn looked at him out of dark, endless eyes, and he smiled nervously and looked at his hands. \\"It's a rare man who is taken for what he truly is,\\" he said. \\"There is much misjudgement in the world....we are not always what we seem, and hardly ever what we dream.\\" pg. 29-30      \\"Men have to have heroes, but no man can ever be as big as that need, and so a legend grows around a grain of truth, like a pearl.\\" pg. 64
0395645662|3.0|The Village constitutes a totally controlled society where people's lives have been stripped of every possible kind of experience -- the lack of sexual feeling, strong emotions, color, and music, are stressed, yet remain placid because they are provided the basic physical amenities.  Control is exercised over children with punishment sticks whenever they break any rule.  Repeated transgressions can lead to being \\"released\\", which children are led to believe means being sent away from the village.  Anyone who has read this book will understand the goals of a totalitarian society to control every aspect of their people's \\"lives\\".  I feel that even people robbed of memory and culture would still feel more need for self-expression and individuality than permitted, and not be so docile.  I half-expected to learn that they were simply being raised as fodder for some alien race, so empty were their lives.  I found nothing to praise about their lives, and hoped for a more general revolution.      While the book is unexpectedly creepy, it has value as an extreme working out of the absurdity of the desire for a society where all people are the same.  I believe it would be very disturbing, especially the ambiguous ending, for children.
0440246016|5.0|Lee Child has not disappointed me yet.  He is an exceptional storyteller who weaves a terrifc yarn that keeps me turning the pages and savoring each word.  When it ends, I start looking forward to the next book.
B002E2QHBS|3.0|Having just spent a week of car rides to work and back listening to the 6-disc set, it was OK.  I would take the 2-CD set over this any day. Less is more. Maybe if they had included 6 sides of Havens, Who, CSN (&Y), Santana, Cocker, it would have been worth it but I think I've come away knowing I am not a Country Joe fan.  There are some more obscure artists (Quill, anyone?) to me, and that's ok from a history of music.  Others like Tim Harden, extra Joan Baez are nice to hear because they made an impact on the history of mankind. In the end, Woodstock was a defining moment in America and history itself.  The songs, many of war-protest and freedom and drugs are moment in time. Bands like CSN, performing for one of the very first time, could never have imagined the impact they would have 40 years later, others like Hendrix and Janis never got a chance to get out of the decade alive.  My biggest quibble is the exclusion of ALVIN LEE.  There are probably 5 to 10 quintessential performances, ground breaking, call it what you will performances from this show (Soul Sacrifice, Motherless Child, We're Not Gonna Take It, Suite: Judy Blue Eyes), but ALVIN LEE, his guitar, his band and his watermelon is perhaps the greatest live guitar assault ever recorded.  Licensing rights or not, get that cut on any Woodstock box set.  Less \\"Fish\\" more BAND, as well.
B002C1BHIO|5.0|This HDMI works so well, and at a fraction of the price of \\"Monster\\" brand cable. I bought this to connect my new  LG BD 550 Blu-Ray player to my 46\\" HDTV. I'm very pleased with its performance at such a low price.
B001B0AY68|2.0|I am a person of sound mind and wit. I did not like this film one bit. There was not anything about it that I found particularly memorable, I disliked the characters immensely, it all seemed like an overscripted drama at a nearby theater. This film is considered as a cult classic and yet I happen to be of the cult that doesn't quite dig this. Johnny Depp is one of the most over-rated actors in the industry. I can't help but blame him for how lackluster and robotic his acting made this. I do not recommend this film at all.<br /><br />The Blu Ray probably has a better detail level so when the actors are tripping on dinosaurs and dim lights, there is better detail to zero in on how boring the film really was. I'm a big White Rabbit fan but they ruined the song in this unfunny roller-coaster.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|This movie was so good it keeps you on the edge of your seat..I can't wait for the movie to come out so I can  by it. It was so good my husband and I are taking our 2 girls to go see it.
B003EV6DBW|1.0|For the serious Doctor Who fan, those who are following the long term developing story of the Doctor and his companions, these events never happened.  The character development shown here, the relationships, the people and civilizations saved, and the stories that unfolded were all erased in the final episode. Evidently the way the epic was progressing was not worth keeping so the writers simply deleted it all. Moffat took a cheep shot at story telling by building up impossible odds to stun the viewing audience, then, instead of working his way through a difficult solution, he simply said oops it never happened - never mind. I suggest then that the true fans do the same as the writers did and just forget about this season. Hopefully a new season will emerge that will be worth keeping.
1932907009|5.0|This was one of the first screenwriting guides I bought and it was not very helpful. It was kind of like my class in screenwriting freshmen year-- it made my head spin. I needed more cohesive and professional guidelines about what actually goes into a publishable script.    petra
0307463745|4.0|Similar to Seth Godins thoughts, this book talks about building a business which does not follow the rules. It reads like The Communist Manifesto in a sense that it's a series of  statements rather than a continuous story line. I guess you could say its Davids entrepreneurial manifesto.
B001UV4XUQ|5.0|movie is so engaging that Summer or (Zooey) broke my heart as well on this one. I will add this to my movie collection.  The soundtrack is also superb!
1591843162|5.0|Maybe you finished the 4 Hour Work Week and while the idea intrigues you, you are simply unable to break that cord. This book will help you take chances within the organization you are already part of and that playing it safe is not always safe.
030726999X|4.0|Initially, i was sent the wrong book.  After contacting the seller, all was put right as far as them sending me the correct novel.  They made me a deal on the wrong book they sent, but i still haven't heard back whether they recieved payment for the incorrect book.  I tried to contact them twice and got no reply.  Regardless, the seller was prompt at sending the book i actually ordered so i can't complain about their customer service.  Would definately use their service again.
B003A4IFGY|1.0|This disc starts out pretty good. Typical Petty, yet fresh new perspectives and a feeling of exciting new ideas. However, pretty soon it's obvious to me that whatever aim, at old rusty blues, earthy themes, grittyness or what-have-you that Petty & the Heartbreakers tried to have with this album, whatever kind of working class heros they wanna pretend to be, they are far too polished in sound and lacking any kind of their old trademark temper, to make it at all believable. No matter how skilled musicians they are (and oh they are!!) they can't reach any authenticity to fit this stuff. With exceptions for a base note or two, some piano \\"riffs\\" (for lack of better words) and some voice skills of Petty himself, it simply sounds and feels a little dead. Like played by machines.<br /><br />This said, there's certainly some decently good examples of Petty's great songwriting skills on MOJO. Songs like Jefferson Jericho Blues, Running Man's Bible, No Reason To Cry, Something Good Coming, show a combination of dynamic flow in compositions, typically smart Petty lyrics and a not more than half way dead mechanical feel in the performance. Sometimes, like in the latter, it actually flies. Indeed on such moments this record is a four star item.<br /><br />Unfortunately the rest of the album suffer, as I hear it, from either unusually weak, pointless and over-the-border minimalistic lyrics, or compositions so simple that a guys like Tom Petty could've written them in a dreamless coma. There are moments on here that are structurally an insult to every real blues musician that ever lived. Unfortunately two or three of the songs suffers from both these aspects, and like I said, almost all of it is performed with such a clean, overly disinfected and perfectly effortless touch, that I can't find much soul, weight or beat no matter how hard and deep I look. In fact, you can't look deep, cause there is nothing under the surface, no matter how nice and shiny and fake gritty that surface may sound at first glance. This is \\"hungry music\\" played by guys that are more than full and content. And even besides from that. 75% of the material is not even nearly good enough anyway.<br /><br />It is indeed impressive that MOJO is cut live-in-studio (no overdubs suposedly). But who is it meant to impress? If it's meant for people with heart and soul, flesh and blood, I think it fails miserably. Sadly there's no punch, not much life. Two or three songs shorter, a few lyrics heavily reworked - and all of it rerecorded with at least a glimpse of authentic energy and joy - in short: some g*d d*mn temper (it't not asking too much, is it?) - then this record could theoretically have been up there with Petty's better efforts, but for now I find it one of weaker, ever. Of course, Petty himself says MOJO is one of his most inspired work, that it's groovy, been fun and yadayada. Then again - Petty used to be in his action exactly where his mouth is (or even a few steps ahead of it) and that set him aside from other 'robot' performers in this business. Nowadays he seems to have lost that magic touch that fits his words to any reality - let's hope it's just temporary.st glance. This is \\"hungry music\\" played by guys that are more than full and content. And even besides from that. 75% of the material is not even nearly good enough anyway.    It is indeed impressive that MOJO is cut live-in-studio (no overdubs suposedly). But who is it meant to impress? If it's meant for people with heart and soul, flesh and blood, I think it fails miserably. Sadly there's no punch, not much life. Two or three songs shorter, a few lyrics heavily reworked - and all of it rerecorded with at least a glimpse of authentic energy and joy - in short: some g*d d*mn temper (it't not asking too much, is it?) - then this record could theoretically have been up there with Petty's better efforts, but for now I find it one of weaker, ever. Of course, Petty himself says MOJO is one of his most inspired work, that it's groovy, been fun and yadayada. Then again - Petty used to be in his action exactly where his mouth is (or even a few steps ahead of it) and that set him aside from other 'robot' performers in this business. Nowadays he seems to have lost that magic touch that fits his words to any reality - let's hope it's just temporary.
B0031YJFCQ|3.0|I read the two books preceding this one and enjoyed them immensely.  However, the late author's estate withheld this last one from U.S. publication for months.  I had high expectations for it when I purchased it, but I am finding myself adrift in trying to recall events and nuances covered in the first two of the series.  A lengthy expose of the Swedish secret service is difficult to follow for someone lacking Swedish background.  It would be more tolerable if I did not have to either recall events in books one and two, or re-read long passages from the first two books to understand what the author is writing.  Too bad the author's successors held up the release until they had recouped profits from books one and two because the author was gifted.  The Kindle price on this one should be much less as a result - too little, too late.
B0031RS64G|5.0|This is a review of the whole Malazan Book of the Fallen series, which starts with this book. Plot-wise I won't say much but this is epic fantasy about 500,000 years of civilizations, gods, and conflict all building to a great convergence. Each book has a discrete plot that intertwines with the other books to creat a massive character driven story.<br /><br />As a hobbyist world builder I am in awe of this magnificent construction. Mr Erikson and another guy (who writes other books in this world!) used this as a custom AD&D setting for years and finally developed it enough to bring their gaming to life. WOW. I have never seen as intricate a world and that includes Middle Earth. This world takes a whole lot of conventions and doesn't use them. Huh? Yep, there's plenty of stuff that's familiar but completely original. Those aren't elves, those aren't orcs, but yes, those are 300,000 year old undead neanderthals.<br /><br />Not only is the shear scope of the world astounding, the fact that there are SO MANY points of view is great. Mr Erikson manages to tell a story that spans, literally, this whole planet and several \\"realms\\" (kind of like pocket dimensions) with races, cultures, and species all unique in perspective. Each character is defined by their culture and background but also their personal experiences. You never feel, reading these stories, that a character is just a fill out the blanks, cookie-cutter construction. Every one of them resonates and has a history.<br /><br />Something else along that line that I love about Mr Erikson's writing is that he is able to give each character a unique personality. His dour, succinct characters really feel grumpy and his light-hearted inane characters really seem silly. So often in literature it's obvious that it's the same person writing dialog for all the people on the page. Not so here. I am floored that with SO MANY different characters they each remain completely distinct throughout the whole series. It makes the movie in your head that much easier to see.<br /><br />This is definitely epic fantasy, told from the ground floor. You are in it, as it happens, yet still have the benefit of the overview, the whole puzzle. I'd say that at least half of the story revolves around soldiers because it's a novel of empire. But it keeps evolving and expanding to include the entire world, so to say it is military fiction is limiting. Every situation grows into every other situation. The second book follows the first one and the third book takes place on a different part of the world at the same time as the second. It is so engrossing to see how all these stories intertwine and create new stories.<br /><br />One last thing to mention is pacing. One of the benefits of epic stories, with large casts, is that the POV changes often enough to stay interesting. However, Mr Erikson avoids killing the mood by pulling away from something gripping to follow an undeveloped plot line. And I mean he keeps this pacing for 10 big fat novels. That's impressive.ch easier to see.    This is definitely epic fantasy, told from the ground floor. You are in it, as it happens, yet still have the benefit of the overview, the whole puzzle. I'd say that at least half of the story revolves around soldiers because it's a novel of empire. But it keeps evolving and expanding to include the entire world, so to say it is military fiction is limiting. Every situation grows into every other situation. The second book follows the first one and the third book takes place on a different part of the world at the same time as the second. It is so engrossing to see how all these stories intertwine and create new stories.     One last thing to mention is pacing. One of the benefits of epic stories, with large casts, is that the POV changes often enough to stay interesting. However, Mr Erikson avoids killing the mood by pulling away from something gripping to follow an undeveloped plot line. And I mean he keeps this pacing for 10 big fat novels. That's impressive.
B003K025V4|2.0|I Did not get this item here at Amazon!  I bought it at Wal-Mart !  a physical store  But,  as a continuing customer of Amazon, I am going to share my thoughts!  Not the best work from Miley Cyrus!    this Cd should have been thought out much better  Even the cover photo looks wrong!  I am sorry!    I honestly did not like this!  I failed this album!
B000E1MXSW|1.0|This film was for an old friend. I don't like, but he said it was very good.
B001UV4XFQ|5.0|I have to say I normally don't review movies. I usually try to stick with books (haha hence my name) I also tend not to see movies that were based on books, they are never right ie: Eragon, Blood and Chocolate and yes even the Harry Potters movies were missing tons of sides stories that were in the books.  I saw Twilight the day it came out and was both relieved that it was so close to the book, and frustrated because like the book it lacked action. Only the last five minutes had any fighting.  The same was true in New Moon, while it followed the book closely it was only the last 10 minutes where Edward fought with the Volturi that were action packed.  I have to say I really liked Eclipse.  I found that with all of Stepenie Meyer's books (especially Breaking Dawn) there was a huge build up towards the battle scenes, then it just fell apart.  Yes it's for a younger age group, but sometimes a  little more fighting and action is good.  Eclipse delivered good action through out the movie, especially the 'big battle' I found myself wishing that the screen writers would have put this much effort into the first two with the action.  David Slade, the director, also did Hard Candy (amazing movie) and 30 Days of Night.  I think it was brilliant to bring him in on the project and hope he stays for Breaking Dawn.<br /><br />I also am glad to say that Kristen Stewert has better facial expressions in this movie.  She doesn't look like her face is frozen in only two expressions.  Edward also delivers more side comments with good comedic timing.  Jacob is hurt in this movie, but the interaction between all three is much less forced and more natural than the first two movies.  It is without a doubt the best of the bunch.  I won't bog down this review with the plot, because obviously 99% of the people going to Eclipse have read the book at least twice.  I can say though that unlike the other two movies, I actually found myself wondering what happens next, and looking forward to how Bella and Edward (and yes Jacob) would react.  I'd say if you've been on the fence about the other two movies go see this one, if you hated the first two movies, this one is infinitely better and if you loved the first two movies, I can only say you will love this one even more.Edward (and yes Jacob) would react.  I'd say if you've been on the fence about the other two movies go see this one, if you hated the first two movies, this one is infinitely better and if you loved the first two movies, I can only say you will love this one even more.
B0034C9CFK|5.0|I was so happy to see another new CD out by Alan Jackson and this one does not disappoint!  I remember when his first CD was a hit and the guys at work said he was just another pretty face and wouldn't last long.  Well, Alan has certainly proved them wrong!  I have all his CD's and this one is really good!  I especially like \\"Taillights Blue\\", \\"It's Just That Way\\", \\"Every Now and Then\\" but really they are all so good!   So glad I bought it!
0143118420|1.0|While I loved the concept and trips abroad, there was simply too much whining about her ex husband even though she is the one who left him!
B00095NX9G|5.0|I was never a *rabid* Rachel Brice fan, but her new DVD is definitely a quality product that every Tribal Fusion dancer should have in their library. You get tons of instruction, the production values are excellent, and she really takes you from A to Z for the whole Tribal Fusion conditioning experience. I was really not impressed with her first DVD, but she has come a very long way since then. She is very professional, thorough, and pleasant to watch. Her technique is simple, precise, and easy to understand, and she gives you the whole spectrum of her dance artistry from yoga drills to full-out performance. I intend to work with this DVD quite a bit in the coming weeks, as it seems to be an excellent training program for those who want to improve their Tribal Fusion skills. Highly recommended.
B002ZG98J6|3.0|After finishing the book, which was WONDERFUL, I've been anticipating the movie, so today when it came out I made it a point to pick it up on my lunch break.  After getting home and popping it in our Sony BluRay Player, which is just two weeks old, it plays the 20th Century intro then just sits with --:--:-- on the display with nothing.  We've played about 5 BluRay discs thus far with no problem, so I now the player works.      I read others having problems with Avatar when it was released due to DRM problems, which this is also 20th Century Fox, so I wonder if this is the same problem.  The BluRay Player has the latest firmware updates, and it appears to pick-up the disc okay on the menus.  As I said it even plays the 20th Century Fox intro.    With it just coming out today I didn't figure there would be many people reporting problems just yet, but if anyone does please post a reply.  Unless I find something new tonight I'll take it back tomorrow and see if they can help.    So though I haven't seen the movie yet, I'm putting 3 stars because I anticipate it being awesome.     Sam
B002RVZV9K|2.0|When I first saw the trailer for this film I thought \\"Oh, Boy!  This is just the movie for me!\\"  I love guitars, and rock music, and have followed the music of Page and The Edge for many years. I've built instruments, watched many rockumentaries. Sounded fascinating.    It isn't. First, the central concept of having these three guitarists get together and talk shop just never catches fire.  Page and The Edge may be brilliant people with a lot to say, but they don't say it in this film; they're deferential, introverted, and apparently just not motivated to engage in a lot of talk about what they do. Page seems like rock aristocracy with nothing to prove--true--and just hangs out, making benign, genial small talk.  The Edge talks about how he likes to make effects, which is fine, if not revelatory.      And then there's Jack White.  Many people have commented that he's the odd man out, not in the same league as the others as far as either musical prowess or influence, and I have to say, I agree, although it may reflect my being in an older generation than his fans.  But I found him very pretentious and peculiar, with his constant emphasis on how deeply into the blues he is, and how authentic he is, and how he plays plastic guitars, and wants making music to be a struggle.  He dresses up his mini-me son to look just like himself--looking like the Blues Brothers, and just as authentic.  Nothing wrong with being eccentric if you make great music--bring it on--but at least in this film he plays nothing to distinguish himself.     I expected these guys to at least talk with their music and play some interesting stuff together, but no.  Maybe it was unreasonable to expect, given how different their styles are, but still, I was surprised at how uninspired their jamming was.      Lacking any real chemistry, and any great musical interplay, the film includes a lot of archival footage.  Some of this interesting--I loved seeing Jimmy Page performing as a youth, and early U2 footage, in which they looked like the Bay City Rollers.  But I wouldn't say it was worth sitting through an otherwise slow, full-length film for those snippets.  I'd recommend this to hard-core fans only, and especially fans of Jack White, since any Zeppelin or U2 show is a lot more entertaining than this.
1596912863|3.0|Jane is obsessed with Colin Firth's Mr. Darcy and the idealized versions of Austen's romantic Regency stories. To help herself overcome her fantasies, she chooses to go on holiday to resort of pretend Regency living. There, she finds herself caught between a Mr. Darcy-type and the more real gardener. Hale's writing is decent and enough to keep the attention, but lacks great wit or realism or depth of character or observation. Perhaps if she had kept her narration more omnipotent. The plot is entertaining enough (with a couple of clever twists and a good premise that allows her to examine the very Austen themes of reality and fantasy), but--like Jane herself--hard to engage in when so much is fake. Refreshingly, the novel knows exactly what it is and the short comings of its protagonist. A decent light read. Better than any other Jane Austen rip off, save the satirical and brilliant Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. Grade: B
B0036EBARO|2.0|Being a fan from the beginning, it's difficult to say this CD is for me pretty awful. Of all the influences they could have picked did they have to be ABBA, Olivia Newton-John, Laura Brannigan and even less stellar `talent'? I know artists have to grow but after the magic that was \\"Seventh Tree\\" this sure feels like a step backward. Maybe they needed a breather. The title is ironic in that the head seems to have the least to do with this album. A more accurate title would be \\"Feet First\\" since it seems to be tailor-made for the dance floor and not for heavy mind excursions. The only redeeming song on this is \\"Voicething\\" which I wish they'd done a whole album of variations on it. If you've never heard Goldfrapp's music and you're looking for mindless, fizzy dance pop you might just love it. If you're looking for Felt Mountain you've come to the wrong place, my friend. Maybe on the next trip as one thing this duo is not is predictable and I do appreciate that.
044661758X|5.0|The Black Echo, the first in the Bosch series, was the first time that I have ever read something by Michael Connelly. It was good, but it wasn't very great. The sequel, named The Black Ice, was a bit better, but was still lacking something. Then comes The Concrete Blonde, and I will say that it's much better than the first two. Here, Detective Harry Bosch is in court and is being sued by the widow of a supposed killer named the Dollmaker (because of the way he paints his victims' faces). She believes that her late husband was innocent the entire time, and that Bosch had set him up in order to close the case. And what's worse is that a corpse buried in concrete (hence the name \\"Concrete Blonde\\") has just been found, and the Dollmaker's trademark is found on the body. This leads Bosch to grow skeptical whether of not he may have killed the wrong man.<br /><br />This is a well-crafted, sharply written, and cleverly structured crime thriller that crawls into your skin and just wants to stay in there. This is both a solid detective thriller and a courtroom drama, a perfect blend of tension and humor. The adult content is strong as always, so this is not for those who can't handle the issues of murder and prostitution. The climax may not be very enticing, but that didn't stop me from enjoying the rest of this book. I had an excellent time reading The Concrete Blonde, and I hope that the next installment, The Last Coyote, is just as great.<br /><br />Grade: A
B000TGCR42|5.0|this is my favorite movie ever, not just in anime.  the graphics are too great and the tematic is one of the bests ive ever seen.  also looks great on the psp screen
0793518326|5.0|Though I don't remember seeing a note about the dent in the outside case that holds the book, I'm not surprised because the price was a steal. The book is in immaculate shape and I can't believe I own it! Thank you for the speedy delivery.
B0002J4X1Q|2.0|As far as action flicks go, this one is decent.  It isn't anything spectacular, but it has ample amounts of blood and guts (the cube scene alone is a highlight) and some adrenaline pumping music to make the `zombie killing' entertaining.  In the end the film comes off feeling rather cheap, but it isn't a complete disaster.<br /><br />Still, having been a fan of the videogames, I must say that this film went a direction I was not expecting and thus proved itself far less than I could have hoped for.<br /><br />If you are a fan of the videogames, or have at least played them once or twice, you'd know that the whole idea behind this game (and the endless copycats) is to scare you.  You play it locked up in your room in the dead of night and find yourself transported to a place that shocks you.  Every noise makes your heart jump.  That is the exact feeling I wanted from this movie.  `Resident Evil' is not an action/adventure type game.  It is a dark and slowly paced horror game.  That is what this movie needed to be.  It needed to layer on the fear and tension, not the action.  Sure, it's cool to see Milla Jovovich kick some serious zombie butt, but I'd rather have seen her hyperventilate in a dark room while she listened to the corpses dragging their broken limbs across the hall on the other side of the door.<br /><br />It's my opinion, but I think it is what the videogame warranted.<br /><br />Taking my personal preference aside, this movie does deliver to a certain extent.  The story it develops is engaging (and the back story does have a certain amount of depth) and they tried hard to layer it with elements from the film, but overall it feels a tad hollow or unimportant.  When it's all over you don't feel like you need to watch it again.  There are far better zombie films out there (Danny Boyle's masterpiece '28 Days Later' is everything this film SHOULD have been).<br /><br />Jovovich is a stunning piece of eye candy, and I really enjoy watching her breathe, so I was game for this film and its ridiculous sequels.  Still, I wish she were a better actress and I wish she were in better films.us sequels.  Still, I wish she were a better actress and I wish she were in better films.
B002UZ3M8U|5.0|I miss horns in modern music! I'm not particularly eloquent, but this is an amazing album. I also checked out the lead singer's prior endeavors - The Format, and they also have some fantastic music. I love the texture of his voice.   This is a must have album!
B001GKJ2DY|1.0|Two hours of Streep screeching across the Aegean. Atonal, flat-footed and stomach-churning debacle unworthy of the description \\"musical\\". Yet look at all the 4-star reviews and the world-wide box-office success. The rest of us might as well slit our wrists now - it's not just movies that have grown proudly and irreversibly shallow, but moviegoers as well.
B001EO748M|4.0|If I were rating Dormer's performance alone, this would be a five-star review.  If I were rating the season without Dormer, my rating would be lower than four stars.  The four stars thus represent a rough averaging of the two scores. Dormer really is wonderful--and that's high praise coming from me; I grew up with Genevieve Bujold's and Dorothy Tutin's performances as Anne Boleyn, and they are still to me a gold standard in terms of quality and interpretation of the role.  But Dormer deserves credit for being the most multi-faceted Anne Boleyn yet.  It does help, of course, that over the course of several seasons we get a far more in-depth portrait of this complex woman than we do in a one and a half or two hour production.  And major scholarly work on Anne's life since Bujold's and Tutin's performances has also done much to reveal her important role as religious reformer in her own right, not just the sexy catalyst for Henry's break with Rome.    If there's a problem with the portrayal of Anne here, indeed, it is not Dormer's fault but rather the writers'--and I do think that she could have been given better scripts.  Unfortunately, though, despite Dormer's prodigious talents, the plenteous faults with this production slant the portrayal of Anne in unfortunate ways.      Let me put it this way.  This season is at its best--and this is unfortunately too rare--when it shows people such as Anne Boleyn and Thomas More struggling to make sense of their lives while the world they have hitherto known is crumbling beneath their feet. The season is at its worst--and this, alas, is all too often--when it follows the lead of such travesties as The Other Boleyn Girl and panders shamelessly to what it perceives to be the audience's taste for sex and violence.      And what is particularly galling about the gratuituous sex and violence is that, in order to pile it on, the show's creators purposefully get the history wrong.  I doubt that Philippa Gregory could research her way out of a paper bag; she seems never to have heard of, let alone read, Eric Ives's magisterial biography of Anne Boleyn.  But Michael Hirst and/or whoever worked on these scripts have not only read Ives, but remember such fine-print details as Anne's keeping an open English bible in her chambers for her entourage to read, and also giving the poor more money than her predecessors on Maundy Thursday.  All that is here, but so too are gross inaccuracies that anyone who had read Ives and other recent historians, such as David Starkey, would know to be untrue.  Ives claims that there is not one \\"scintilla\\" of evidence that George Boleyn engaged in homosexual acts, but sure enough George does here (when he's not raping his wife); similarly, the theory promulgated with startling lack of evidence by Retha Warnicke, and dismissed by Ives and a number of other historians, that the fetus Anne miscarried in January 1536 was deformed, is treated here as fact, as it is in Gregory's egregiously salacious and sexist novel.    I should point out my disgust with the George-Boleyn-as-homosexual plot does not proceed from my own homophobia, but, rather, from my outrage at the homophobia of this representation.   The script-writers have no interest in portraying the inner conflicts surely experienced by people with homoerotic desires in an age that had no language for gay identity and which relentlessly demonized homosexuals.  Instead, the portrayal of George's affair with Mark Smeaton presents homosexuality as just another nasty little deviance to add to the already orgiastic depiction of the Tudor court.    Indeed, the depiction of George and Mark Smeaton, and of Anne Boleyn and her circle more generally, suffers from what I call Cabaret Syndrome.  Now the creators of the musical Cabaret, which depicts Germany on the brink of fascism, surely didn't mean to support the Nazis--presumably, quite the opposite.  Disturbingly, however, the logic of Cabaret's plot appears to \\"explain\\" the emergence of Nazism by implying it was a reaction against the decadent stew of pre-Nazi German culture, emblematized by such behavior on the part of the cast as sleeping around and having abortions.  Anne and her circle are similarly represented here as sexual decadents; note the dominatrix outfit she wears when she and Henry conceive the \\"monster\\" baby she later miscarries.  When Henry (and the viewer) first glimpse Jane Seymour, she is, in contrast to the dark-haired, sexually aggressive Anne, a vision of white-clad, golden-haired innocence who cannot help (rather like the squeaky-clean Aryans at the end of Cabaret) but seem something of an improvement on what has come before.  As in the case of Cabaret and its interpretation of history, I find this distortion of Anne and her circle not only simplistic and inaccurate but ideologically suspect--a kind of blaming the victims for their own fall, and moralistically linking that fall moreover to sexual behavior.  History is a whole lot more complicated than that--as Dormer shows us when she is allowed to do her best.
B000P0J09W|1.0|Unrelentingly loud, roll-your-eyes predictable and never less than obnoxious: the movie equivalent of New Jersey.
B002UXRGM0|5.0|A must buy on Blue Ray!  This and Planet Earth (also made by BBC) are the best High-def Nature programs you can buy.
B002XMGGK6|3.0|It is a film that starts with home invasion gone bad - really, really bad.  Husband is stabbed to death (but survives - Gerard Butler), wife is raped and killed and so is their little daughter.  One wonders what good can come out of such gruesome violence and how anyone surviving such event can ever regain their humanity again.  What is left to hope for, live for and plan for?<br /><br />However, when a victim of such crime is a former special forces agent trained to make tactical plans and kill wothout thinking twice, it seems that all is fair game. With nothing left to live for, plenty of money and time to plan revenge on people who took away what he loved most ofr did nto careenough to fight for justice, all participants in this story are fair game for serial killer who has lost the last connection of his humanity.<br /><br />Not a very believable scenario, but film is a thriller nevertheless.  If taken likely, it is bearable.
030745455X|5.0|With his second novel, The Girl Who Played With Fire, Stieg Larson really turns on the heat.  Terrible things begin happening immediately, and this time, it is our tattooed heroine whose past is under the microscope, in this fast-paced race between police and journalists to find the truth.  At the end of the previous book, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, things seemed to be almost right with the world for the main characters.  However, as with real life, nothing lasts, and in fact, from the beginning, complications start to arise.  By the time tragedy strikes, it is once again as impossible to put this book down as it was in Larson's first book.  Perhaps other thrillers have been labeled \\"high octane\\" and they may well have been.  This one was positively high adrenaline, and by the time I was done reading the book, I was actually jittery with pent-up energy.<br /><br />Even more than his first work, Larson's Girl Who Played with Fire is an adult book, dealing with hard issues--sex trafficking in this novel--and really not meant for teen audiences, no matter what their reading abilities are.  I would, of course, heartily recommend this book, but I insist that it be read as the sequel it is; please read The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo first.  This will be essential, as the same cast of characters appears in both, and the introductions in the first book are quite necessary to understand what is happening, even though there are a few authorial insertions of background information on the history between our unlikely tattooed heroine and the intrepid journalist who becomes her absolute champion in this novel.  You do need to know who the girl who played with fire is, after all, to understand what she is capable of, and people's reactions to her situation.<br /><br />A warning, however: the situation of this novel is barely resolved in the end, leaving readers still desperate to turn more pages.  Frankly, I cannot wait to get my hands on the next book, so I suggest buying both, to save yourself the agony of waiting, with bated breath, to find out what happens next.  That, and don't start reading these books when you have important things coming up, is it is hard enough to pause for basic human needs when reading, let alone something like work.ourself the agony of waiting, with bated breath, to find out what happens next.  That, and don't start reading these books when you have important things coming up, is it is hard enough to pause for basic human needs when reading, let alone something like work.
144471032X|5.0|Ive been on this diet for 3 weeks and have lost 8 kilos. I followed it to a t and it worked as promised.  Ive been on other diets and have not received this result before, so its a thrill. I recommend this book if you want to change your lifestyle and keep the weight off forever. Persevere for the first 5-10 days with the protein only and its easy street after that!
B000M4RG42|4.0|This movie has great scenary, I great story line, acting, etc.  I preferred the book, which is usually the case with most adapted movies.  I would recomend it to any WWII war buff.  I would have liked to have seen a little less gore (yes of course gore is real in war but you can express it without being so blantant)  Also, one minor complaint, I found myself saying after the first 30 mins, \\"I get it, I get it, you are not a hero, I got it by the first 5 minutes, now can we move on and show more about the people that bravely fought for the island and how they won the island\\"  In short, I wanted to walk away from the movie feeling proud of the flag raising and all the marines, etc on Iwo instead of feeling ashamed to even look at the flag raising.
0971407614|4.0|If you are tired of gyms and health clubs, not into lifting weights or using other apparatus, but still want to firm up and get into shape, \\"You Are Your Own Gym\\" by Mark Lauren and Joshua Clark might just be the book you are looking for.  Some of the claims on the cover include, \\"The Only Fitness Equipment You Will Ever Need Again,\\" \\"Work Out Less, Eat More,\\" \\"Use The Body You Have To Build The Body You Want,\\" and \\"The Bible Of Bodyweight Exercises For Men and Women.\\"  The book actually is all of that.  For a fitness book, in which there are tons, this book contains solid advice, good pictures and descriptions of exercises, and logical routines to get in shape and look the way you want.<br /><br />Mark Lauren has an impressive background and is definitely in great shape.  He has worked with many Special Operation soldiers with routines to maximize their fitness in the minimum amount of time.  In this book, he uses that knowledge to assist the reader with his or her fitness goals.<br /><br />The first fifty pages contain chapters that focus on Lauren's background, why he believes strongly in bodyweight exercises, why he believes in strength training over cardio, his definition of fitness (which includes muscular strength, power, muscular endurance, cardiovascular endurance, speed, coordination, balance, and flexibility), very basic nutritional guidelines, some strength training myths, and some motivation.  The chapters are short, easy to read, and make you want to get to working out.<br /><br />The next large section of the book are the exercises.  There is an index to them, and then the actual exercises.  They are grouped into push exercises, pull exercises, leg and glutte exercises, core exercises, and extra all around butt kickers.  The book does a good job of explaining the exercise and variations.  There are easy movements and exercises that only those in very good shape and quite strong will be able to perform.  Finally, there are a few pages explaining Lauren's program.  Using the bodyweight exercises, he has a program that uses training concepts such as periodization, ladders, interval sets, stappers. and tabatas.  He has a few programs of varying intensity for different levels, but encourages readers to make up their own programs.<br /><br />For those who exercise regularly and are fitness buffs, there is nothing that \\"new\\" here.  (Though I will say there are a few exercise variations I had not seen before)  It is a pretty basic book.  However, that does not mean it is not a good book.  Basics are good!  Basics are essential!  So with that said, I do recommend this book for anyone looking to get a great workout through bodyweight exercises.  And believe me, you can get a great workout with bodyweight exercises.  (Note:  There are some exercises in the book that do require something in addition to your own body)<br /><br />If you are already well versed in bodyweight exercises and the training methods mentioned above, you might not get a lot out of this book other than some motivation.  If you are new to bodyweight exercises, this might be just the book you are looking for.<br /><br />I enjoyed the book.  It was a quick read.  It motivated me to do more bodyweight exercises, and to do more tabatas.  (If you are not familiar with these, they are killer)  While it is not the ONLY book one should read on fitness and exercise, I think it is a very good addition to anyone's fitness library.<br /><br />Reviewed by Alain Burrese, J.D., author of the Lock On Joint Locking Essentials series.odyweight exercises, he has a program that uses training concepts such as periodization, ladders, interval sets, stappers. and tabatas.   He has a few programs of varying intensity for different levels, but encourages readers to make up their own programs.      For those who exercise regularly and are fitness buffs, there is nothing that \\"new\\" here.  (Though I will say there are a few exercise variations I had not seen before)  It is a pretty basic book.  However, that does not mean it is not a good book.  Basics are good!  Basics are essential!  So with that said, I do recommend this book for anyone looking to get a great workout through bodyweight exercises.  And believe me, you can get a great workout with bodyweight exercises.  (Note:  There are some exercises in the book that do require something in addition to your own body)    If you are already well versed in bodyweight exercises and the training methods mentioned above, you might not get a lot out of this book other than some motivation.  If you are new to bodyweight exercises, this might be just the book you are looking for.    I enjoyed the book.  It was a quick read.  It motivated me to do more bodyweight exercises, and to do more tabatas.  (If you are not familiar with these, they are killer)  While it is not the ONLY book one should read on fitness and exercise, I think it is a very good addition to anyone's fitness library.    Reviewed by Alain Burrese, J.D., author of the Lock On Joint Locking Essentials series.
0061122416|5.0|This book is the book that started me on my spiritual pathway. I highly recommend this short story for anyone who is spiritually lost or for just a good read. It is entertaining and enlightening. It is a quick read worth the time.
0786868724|4.0|I had been given this book to read by a dear friend. I read it and enjoyed it so much I purchased this for another dear friend. It has wonderful life lessons in it. It is both happy and sad. The author has a very easy way of telling his story and the fact that it was a true story was wonderful. The author, I believe has another Best Seller. I would recomend this to anyone especially if searching for some answers to life. The price on Amazon was terrific and it was easy to locate and have shipped.
B0000024YL|5.0|I bought this CD for my newborn/infant granddaughter who never wanted to relax, much less go to sleep. \\"Sounds of Silence\\" is especially calming for her. The entire CD is better than any baby lullaby music. Perhaps not what Simon and Garfunkel intended or what potential buyers are looking for in a review, but amazingly awesome music for ALL generations, including grandma who feels a touch of nostalgia - I listened to this album when I was 12-13 years old.
0375842209|5.0|From the first line on page one until the very last line of the very last page, The Book Thief is a shining example of what adolescent literature is capable of. not only is the story gripping, believable, and beautiful, but it is also accessible to readers of any age. I wont go into the details of the story. if u want that you should by the book or read another's review. the way it is written and the manor in which it is told sets this book apart in three important ways.     1. the narrator is death himself. portrayed in a way that is heartwarming and compassionate.   2. the clever asides from the narrator help to pull you into the story and the unfathomable mind of death.   3. the content of the book is crafted to perfection with words that have weight and echo with a timeless meaning. there is no stone unturned and no hair out of place. and every word seems to be hand picked with as much care and though as if they were precious jewels.     If you love books you will find a home with Liesel (the protagonist) and if you love a good story with an amazing plot masterful written then by all mean buy this book. if i could rate this book more than 5 stars i would and i have only ever said that about one other book. the word is out on which i liked better but that is not the point of this review.     to the point this book was well worth buying and i would recommend this to anyone for themselves and for a gift. i plan to gift this book many times in the future.
B000BDLJBU|5.0|I've been an Electronic Technician for over 40 years. I've seen a LOT of plug construction in that time. This is the VERY BEST I've ever seen at ANY price! I have NO idea how they can sell such a wonderful product for only around $2.75. It is a Five piece assembly. The plug, left housing, right housing, strain relief and screw on cover with integral rubber strain relief bootie. The sides come off for VERY easy assembly. The internal strain relief has a break away section to accomodate a larger cable. Don't even think twice about this plug...JUST BUY THEM. You will not be disappointed.
B003HLM2QO|2.0|No Jake E LEE back in the Ozzy fold, I'm sure Sharon Tried! GOOD album lots of fun! Aside from \\"No rest for the wicked\\", I not a big fan of Zakk Wilde. I think Zakk should join Lynyrd Skynyrd! He's a great player, not the musician Jake E LEE was in my opinion, but a great guitar player! The new guitar player Gus G. gets his feet wet on this album and the music is Finally more OZZY! I think Gus G. will get better if he stays in the band, it almost sounds like Jake at times. Jake E. Lee who preformed on two of OZZY'S best solo albums left because of too many Randy Rhoads comparisons and he didn't have the connection with Ozzy that Ozzy had with his best friend. Simply put this album is decent. I take back this whole review!!!!! After many listens,(3). This is sub-par. After I bought \\"No rest for the Wicked\\" I thought this young guy Zack Wylde is so fast an amazing!!!! Then I bought \\"No more tears\\" and After the killer title track was over I was in tears! The Songwriting wasn't the Ozzy we all knew, I'm 35. Anyway I gave my copy of \\"No more tears\\" To a friend and listened to a few of the next albums hear and there and there were some fantastic songs on \\"Ozzmosis\\" but it lacked direction. After that album I didn't listen to the Ozzman too much. I am such a HUGE fan of Ozzy's Solo work three incredible guitar players lots of great drummers and players! I took a look at my old tapes on the inside and saw that some of the players he had on the early albums were like session players, Pro's, you know guys who write songs play many different instruments and stuff. Like Steve Lukather of Toto and Neal Schon of journey but without those 2 guitar hero's successful bands. Jake E. Lee was a song writer, guitar player, every other instrument,he wrote all the songs for \\"Badlands\\" Ray Gillian was young and didn't write lyrics, R.I.P. Back to Ozzy, this young Gus G is a more than capable player, but at this stage in Ozzy's career to take a chance like this you have to give him  credit. I would love to see at least Jake E. Lee record one last studio album with Ozzy, maybe a tour? Before any Black Sabbath last reunion would happen? I'm just a fan, but this album is Ok doesn't quite have the melody's or show-case Ozzys unique and at times melodic voice! Jake lost Ray Gillian a very good friend, Ozzy lost Randy. Who Knows? Better than \\"Black Rain\\"!
0143034901|5.0|This was one of the most beautifully written books I've ever had the pleasure to read. I am looking forward to reading the other two books by this author now. I couldn't put it down. A great story - loved all of the twists and turns,  and a pleasure to read!
B00192KCQ0|3.0|With hope this is Metallica's last Album! It all really started with a producer, named Bob Rock. Rock is the producer who turned the legendary Metallica into \\"Bublegum\\". He single handed the transformation of one of Musics most powerful and unrelenting bands into bad radio Fluff! Sad? You bet! It's hard to believe even with this throw away album(and I'll explain why), that it's the same band that recorded albums like: Kill em All, Ride the lightning and their finest moment ever and the last with legendary Bassist Cliff Burton the incomparable \\"Master of puppets\\". After that the band went in a more semi/alternative direction with the over-rated, \\"And justice for all\\" album! Sorry Lars not one of Metallica's finest moments and the beginning of the end, pun intended! This album was boring political and a much more commercial direction. I love Jason Newsted but when he said after the Bob Rock created and poppy \\"Black Album\\" Was released. In defense of the band that made him millions, we sell out \\"Every seat in the stadium\\", that's because the fans were too good to Metallica and the truth is they always had hope because of the early work. The first couple albums were, \\"That good\\"! The last albums beginning with the \\"Black Album\\"(Hey guys you only do one album with Bob Rock, what's a matter with you?) Rock makes the most commercial thing you can do and he is not a Metal producer, then you move on! Quick! As you can tell by that piece of info, they did not. The worst and most \\"unforgivable\\", change Rock made was that he made James Hetfield believe he could sing and change his vocal style a crime that now seems irreversible! This album is not as bad as the four or five bargain bin (In a better world), albums before it. This album has great riffs, yes some lifted from the only album they remember, \\"Justice\\" and bad vocals courtesy of Pop producer, Bob Rock's continued influence on Hetfeild. A Few Growls from the prolific screamer are not enough. it's a shame because Hetfieldsung pretty good on the \\"Black album\\" maybe his best! After that Bob Rock who doesn't belong in Metal, destroyed his vocal style. Buy this album and lets hope the they take a long vacation. Sincerely, Thanks for everything Metallica!!!! Hope you guys can the stdio for awhile and James forgets the damage Bob Rock did to his vocal style and do a reunion tour!...............I must add to My review this album was Not well produced and with a Scream not a yeah, yeah, at the end of each song I hope Metallica makes a comeback not a thrown together rehash and compromise. This is such a top notch and talented band, possibly the best in Metal st least from the US! I hope to see a NEW improved studio album that could stand with the first four albums proudly, They have it in them! James Hetfield just has to Scream away like he was 23 and they should take their time with a next album!
0812548094|5.0|this is the 2nd book of Terry Goodkind I have read and I must say it is very good reading. I have ordered the next one in the series and I'm hoping to see more like the 2 already read.
0783232039|5.0|Bride of Chucky strays from the original story line about a doll trying to get inside the body of young Andy Barclay. This time, he is recovered from the police, and stitched back together(Because he was cut apart in Child's Play 3 by a huge fan) by his girlfriend,(Jennifer Tilly) Tiffany. She then does the voodoo spell that brings him back to life. After Tiffany realizes that Chucky(Brad Dourif) had no intent on marrying Tiffany, she locks him up in a baby nursery. He later gets out and kills Tiffany, but not before he transfers her sould into a doll that was given to Chucky by Tiffany as a joke about getting married. Chucky and Tiffany then have to find a way to get to Hackensack, New Jersey to recover the Heart of Damballa. They then reek havoc and make Jessie(Nick Stable) and Jane's(Katherine Heigl) life a complete mess, being mistaken as killers.<br /><br />OVERAll: This is a very good follow up to Child's Play 3, making(to me) the best Chucky movie out there, besides the first one. A definate movie you should own.
B001U887P6|5.0|My son uses these crocs for the cold mornings in his bunk during camp. He rolls out of bed and goes to breakfast in them and keeps his toes toasty warm. I love the practical colors that don't show dirt. Great product!
6304711905|5.0|What can I say? ALL my favourite actors in one place - ESPECIALLY Sam Elliott whom I love! I think it's a true reflection of what life was like in the \\" old days \\". The story line was brilliant as was the acting. If I have to keep praising this film. someone will think I'm loony! GET IT! It's money well spent!
B003JLA4KS|4.0|Scott and Sam the directors are metal head's who decided to take a biased approach to their favorite era of Rush...the 60s and 70s..which also happens to be the bands least commercially successful decade with regards to concert tickets and album sales and charting. They missed so much it was like you spent 70% of the film in the 1970s and you sneezed through the their biggest decade the 1980s and they decided to use their bias and show negative opinions about it.    That is junk journalism and junk film making. Sure, you can present the argument that not everybody was on-board with the 80s and 90s Rush, but other than Corgan and Reznor...how about the hundreds of other artists out there who loved the 80s Rush? So many people should have been included in this documentary and they should have made a version for TV and one for the theater/dvd because 106 minutes on a band that is 40 years old is a joke.    Again, this is a good stepping stone DVD if you want to get into the story of why Rush became Rush. But you are missing out on HOW Rush became RUSH.    No mention of awards, order of canada, readers polls, charity work, harvard lampoon, artist of the decade in Canada, hall of fame in canada, the debate on them not being in the rock and roll hall of fame here in the U.S., no mention of their solo albums, no in-depth look into all of Neil's solos. I mean here you have a documentary on what is widely regarded the greatest rock drummer ever and no light is shed on his solo's?    The list can go on and on by why bother?    It is a good documentary for what it is...but could have been so much better.
B002ZG98J6|4.0|PERCY JACKSON & THE OLYMPIANS: THE LIGHTENING THIEF<br /><br />STARRING: Logan Lerman, Brandon T. Jackson, Pierce Brosnan, Alexandra Daddario, Katherine Keener, Jake Abel, Sean Bean, Uma Thurman, Kevin McKidd, Joe Pantoliano, Steve Coogan and Rosario Dawson<br /><br />WRITTEN BY: Craig Titley; based on the novel by Rick Riordan<br /><br />DIRECTED BY: Chris Columbus<br /><br />Rated: PG<br />Genre: Science Fiction / Fantasy<br />Release Date: 12 February 2010<br />Review Date: 26 March 2010<br /><br />I never went to see Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone at the theater, because I didn't think it would live up to its hype. Having seen it recently for the first time, although it was good, I was right. I had the same thoughts based on the trailer to Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightening Thief. But man, am I glad I didn't listen to them!<br /><br />Although Greek mythology was hands down the most pointless thing we ever studied in high school; it was still one of the most interesting and the film displays it wonderfully. It was a ton of fun and was oozing with the perfect blend of humor and beautifully constructed fantasy / action driven sequences.<br /><br />Logan Lerman practically screams to us, \\"Hey, I'm ready to be famous now, because I'm clearly talented!\\" and he's right. The kid has got something and we have only seen the beginning of him, trust me. He stars as Percy Jackson; a kid who has a terrific mom played by Katherine Keener, and a dead-beat dad in Poseidon (Kevin McKidd), the god of the sea.<br /><br />Don't worry, the film doesn't ask us to believe that a god who stands several feet taller than any human being, actually impregnated Percy's mother while in his physical god form. Gods are able to shrink down to the size of all of us, as is shown to us in the opening scene, which looked amazing. Poseidon emerges in all of his god-like glory from the ocean, arousing some unwanted suspicion, by some nearby humans.<br /><br />Poseidon transforms himself down to an un-noticeable size and continues on his way as if nothing has happened. He has a very important meeting to attend to, with Zeus (Sean Bean), the god of gods. At this meeting between Zeus and Poseidon, we learn that Zeus's notorious lightening bolt has been stolen, and that Poseidon's' son Percy is believed to be the culprit.<br /><br />Zeus awards Poseidon with a limited amount of time to retrieve it before he will unleash all of his fury. Why the two gods had to have this meeting on earth rather than back at home, where they live together is beyond me. Oh, I guess they wouldn't have been able to open the film with that shot of a giant Poseidon emerging from the ocean... yeah that's probably why. What was I thinking?<br /><br />Not being able to intervene in person, Poseidon sends a comedic sidekick to protect his son. Percy befriends Grover (Brandon T. Jackson), who is half goat / half teenage boy. I suppose if you already have daddy issues brought on by a severe case of abandonment - it will only add fuel to the fire to discover that your father made your best friend be your best friend. Just a thought.<br /><br />Grover and Percy team up together with the help of another teen, who doubles as a secondary sidekick and a potential love interest to Percy. Along their journey to recover the stolen trident, they are met by the following interesting characters: Pierce Brosnan toting a horse's body; Uma Thurman in a dazzling performance as the sinister Medusa; a cunning portrayal of Hades (the god of the underworld) by Steve Coogan; and of course, the most dashing lady in Hollywood ever, Rosario Dawson, as the imprisoned love stricken princess to Hades, Persephone.<br /><br />In addition to these characters played by real life actors, we have daring run-ins with some spectacular computer generated monsters, one of which includes a muliti-headed, fire spewing dragon. Don't take the film's PG rating lightheartedly if you plan on bringing little ones; the special effects are terrifyingly convincing.<br /><br />I'm pleased to see that 2010 is as of yet not the CGI nightmare of a fiasco that 2009 was. With the release of The Wolfman, The Book of Eli and now this, we're off to a pretty good start as far as computer animation is concerned. The effects in this film were the best yet for this year. Look for the water effect that takes place on a rooftop; sensational. And how about Medusa's heedful of sadistic snakes?<br /><br />Attention currently unknown future director of the second Wolverine film; if you are reading this - please hire the special effects crew of this film to do Wolverine's claws for us will you? Thanks!not the CGI nightmare of a fiasco that 2009 was. With the release of The Wolfman, The Book of Eli and now this, we're off to a pretty good start as far as computer animation is concerned. The effects in this film were the best yet for this year. Look for the water effect that takes place on a rooftop; sensational. And how about Medusa's heedful of sadistic snakes?    Attention currently unknown future director of the second Wolverine film; if you are reading this - please hire the special effects crew of this film to do Wolverine's claws for us will you? Thanks!
B002RBZ13Q|5.0|Awesome sound and video quality.  The Killers put on one hell of a show.
B00013BN4S|5.0|I am a major fan of EmmyLou Harris and have most of her albums. The purity of her delivery and glorious arrangements provide a life enhancing experience and each track is different and intrigueing. What more could one want?
1846553482|5.0|The Harry Hole series presents the reader with somewhat of an anomaly. On the one hand, we are informed that Norway is virtually free from serial killers.  On the other hand, Hole is reputed to be the only detective in the nation with experience in catching serial killers, having accomplished his experience in Australia and also attending an FBI course.  And then, serial killers tend to appear in the Harry Hole novels, including this one.<br /><br />The first of several missing persons is a married mother, and the only clue is a snowman outside her home.  Shortly before her disappearance, Hole received a mysterious letter which, in retrospect, leads him to believe there was a link between it and the woman's vanishing.  In reviewing unsolved cases, Harry and his team find an alarming number of wives and mothers have gone missing over some years.<br /><br />Once again, Jo Nesbo has written a taut thriller, one that is forceful and gripping and, this time, full of madness.  His novels just keep on getting better and better.  Fast-paced and staggering, always keeping the reader looking ahead to the next shift, keeping one off balance with wonder.  Highly recommended.
B001HN694K|5.0|In the times and state the world is CURRENTLY in Burton delivered another nice escape! Mia Kwiatkowska was the strongest as Alice and Hathaway played a FANTASIC white queen. The Depp,Carter,Burton magic kept my attention & players like Rickman & the voice of Bayard the dog were great too!
B001PPLJIQ|5.0|This is an excellent film with superb acting.  A boy falls in love with an illiterate woman and she develops a relationship with him in which she has sex with him and he reads poetry and the classic to her. While he falls in love with her, she seems detached from her own life and reality. One day she moves and he cannot find her.  His life is shattered.  He goes on in adulthood to become a successful lawyer and they meet again in a courtroom where he knows the secret that could save her life (her illiteracy).  However, this has been a matter of great shame for her and she prefers to suffer the consequences rather than to admit that she cannot read.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Just as described, and the fastest shipping ever.  I ordered season 2 from Best Buy the same day, this beat theirs by two days.  A+++++
B002A97IJ0|5.0|I had a problem with my Corsair H50 cooler not fitting into my NZXT Hades case.  The H50 Radiator was in the way of the large case fan on  the side panel.  This solved my problem.
B001C4AFOY|5.0|Absollutely wonderful movie.  In perfect condition.  Great price.  who could ask for more.
1423113381|5.0|Gold Star Award Winner!<br /><br />I started to read this book to my fifth graders, but it is long and the end of the year crept up on us and we didn't get to finish it.  So I took it home and finished it myself.  I loved it.<br /><br />There are two main characters, Sadie and Carter Kane.  They are brother and sister, but they are almost strangers to each other.  When Sadie was 6 and Carter 8, their mother died and because of a bitter custody dispute, Sadie went with her mother's parents in London and Carter stayed with his dad.  They only see each other two times a year.  Carter travels with his father, an Egyptologist, and is home schooled, while Sadie goes to a public school in London.  They really don't have much to say when they see each other.<br /><br />One Christmas Eve, Carter and his father pick up Sadie and go to the British Museum for a research project.  While there, Mr. Kane destroys the Rosetta Stone and unleashes five Egyptian gods into the world.  He is entombed and leaves Carter and Sadie saddled with a mission to stop the god, Set, from destroying the world.<br /><br />Many other reviewers have said that they couldn't tell the differences between Carter and Sadie's voices, but I could.  Sadie was brash while Carter is more polite.  They complimented each other in many ways.  I loved getting two different points of view as I read.<br /><br />Another character that I loved was Bast, the cat goddess, who took the form many times of Muffin, Sadie's cat.  She was funny and you could tell she really loved the children.  I had a little problem with the Egyptian mythology (I fell in love with Greek myths when I was younger), but enjoyed learning about it.  I can't wait to read the next installment of THE KANE CHRONICLES!<br /><br />Reviewed by:  Marta Morrison
B002QH2NUA|5.0|McCartney can still rock being a product of the 60's who is now in his 60's.   I watched the DVD of his concert in New York and listen to his CD while I am on the road.   McCartney plays a little of everything that spans his career.   There is a tribute to fellow song writer John Lennon that will take you right back to when they were working together and after they separated.       Rock on Sir Paul.   Your music and voice are timeless!!!!
030726999X|5.0|Last book in this series of three by Larsson. The three books should be read in consecutive order so the story line will flow<br />correctly and the reader can enjoy the outcome of each book. I hope Larrson's mistress is able to publish the 4th book tied up in his computer.
B001IAOEXU|5.0|Kept having my fingers slip off the L2 and R2 triggers, thise clips cause the buttons to slope outward now, much better!
030726999X|5.0|After reading all three books, this was the best. It tied all three books together.  I just loved all three but especially this one.  Wow!  How sad there are no more coming.
6305252521|4.0|I am not a fan of Carrey's comedies, and this film has not converted me. I have now watched it for the first time, though I knew of its high reputation. Carrey scared me off for a long time. Had I realized that Ed Harris is the second main actor I might have watched it earlier.<br />This is, of course, not a comedy. One might call it a science fiction film about the media world. A TV producer (Harris) creates a whole artificial world for the benefit of fooling one man, who is filmed from birth to the end (of the film, not his end). He is on screen 24 hours per day for over 10000 days and he doesn't suspect a thing until something starts to feel funny: his dead 'father' suddenly shows up, against the script. A female actor who has left the cast has a heavy flirt with Truman and she is the catalyst of his suspicion. The world wide audience is enraptured by watching the unravelling of the true man's world. Even his escapist adventures turn out in favor of the producer: audiences are glued to the screen.<br />My conclusion: an intriguing idea, good acting performances from more than 2 cast members, but an imperfect implementation. Maybe it can't be otherwise: the idea is so complex that it can not reasonably be expected to come to a flawless implementation. (E.g. why would Lauren/Sylvia still be able to hang around on the set and get access to Truman if she has left the cast?)
1423113497|5.0|I bought this book for my son, he said it was great. He enjoyed it very much.
B00127RAJY|4.0|I really like the way this workout is set up. It's constant changing keeps me from getting bored, and the 20 minutes is very effective. Now if I can just get my kids to leave me alone for 20 minutes so I can do it!!!
0307454541|5.0|This review is for the trilogy:  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, The Girl Who Played with Fire, and The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest.  This is a true trilogy and should be read as such, especially since the second and third books are treated as one with no breaks in between.<br /><br />This is the most refreshing story I have read in years, in terms of plot and characters.  Mr. Larsson had a real talent for writing in ways that kept me glued to the pages, beginning to end.  That said, it should also be noted that this is an English translation and it probably would not have been this good without the excellent translation provided.<br /><br />When the author can make me identify with a 4' 9\\", 90 lb figment of his imagination, he must be good!
B003O86FMW|5.0|I will keep this quick. The Hunger Games is my favorite book of all time and though Catching Fire was not quite as good it was definitly worth the read. Anyone who has anything bad to say about this book probably just refuses to enjoy it. Which I must say probably takes some work. I can NOT wait for the third and final book, Mockingjay, which comes out August 24. I am impatiently waiting!!!
0143038419|3.0|In the beginning I was really engrossed by the book and actually read 80 pages while at work.  By the time I reached the middle I was over it.  I love reading and will stay up all night if the book is really good.....I still havent insihed this a month later so you be the judge.
0307474275|5.0|To start, I feel I must first make known that I am a tough critic regarding books. I always give new books the \\"first 2 chapter\\" chance, meaning that if after I've read through the first chapters, and the book simply hasn't done it's job and lured me in....well, then it gets tossed onto the pile of books, that for whatever reason, just couldn't capture me. Then onto the next read....Having said this, I MUST say that I COULD NOT put Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code, as well as MANY of his other books, down....sometimes, not even for a moment. It is a TRUE achievement. Not only was it obvious to me that Dan Brown TIRELESSLY researched many many topics in order to compilate his prose sufficiently,  he is also, bar none, one of the most detailed & intricate writers of our time. Bravo to Dan Brown. Further, I can't exclaim enough, that Angels & Demons should be read in advance of the Da Vinci Code...Note to reader: you will understand why, I promise. And PS- Angels & Demons is equally, if not moreso, phenomenal as Da Vinci Code. My favorite 3 Dan Brown Novels: Angels & Demons, The Da Vinci Code, & The Lost Symbol. ALL said novels are crowning achievements deserving of the highest accolades. I'm grateful for Dan Brown, seriously. Dan, you're a write star!
0375826726|4.0|This is a good series to read. Can't wait for the last book to come out. I am surprised to see how young the author is but I can tell his writing style is changing somewhat from book to book. It does have similarities to the Lord of the Rings series but is definitely worth the read if you like that JRR Tolkien.
B002ZCY7PU|1.0|After seasons 1+2 of Chuck, I literally would have done anything to get this show renewed, and I did my part like many other Chuck fans.  Season 3 started with a 3.0 Nielsen rating amoung 18-49 year olds (best ever for Chuck), and NBC had a MASSIVE advertising blitz as well, with 'No More Mister Nice Spy' ads on every NBC show for two months, including several ads during the Thanksgiving Parade.  By the end of the season, the two hour final episode was barely above a test pattern in ratings (1.8 Nielsen rating), with a loss of over three million viewers, or about 45% of the audience.    No matter how much loyal fans write glowing reviews of the mess that was season 3, the fact is that half the audience quit the show.  And we were all DIE HARD fans going into season 3.  We all freakin' LOVED this show.    The pain runs deep for me.  I really cared about Chuck and Sarah going into Season 3, but they died a horrible death of slow character assassination at the inept hands of the writers and especially Josh Schwartz.  When they finally got together, it seemed like the season had finally taken it's toll on their chemistry as well.    Furthermore, the plot is starting to resemble a bad copy of Return of the Jedi.  Next year we probably find out that Chuck and Sarah Walker are brother and sister, like the Skywalker family.  The plot is that inbred at this point.    Personally all I want out of season 4 is all I ever wanted, Chuck and Sarah and Casey to solve crimes together and Chuck and Sarah to dig each other, and we get some laughs.      If you watch the first two seasons and decide that the relationship of Chuck and Sarah is important and special, I would suggest skipping season 3 altogether and waiting for season 4.  Or just skip the entire middle of the season until Shaw is gone.  No need to watch their characters disintegrate.
B0016OMFNY|4.0|I LIKE THE CD  I HAD BEEN SEARCHING FOR THIS FOR A LONG TIME AND WAS HAPPY TO FIND IT ON AMAZON.  I WOULD CERTAINLY BUY MORE ITEMS FROM YOU.    CATHERINE M
B001GCUO5M|5.0|Shutter Island is an exquisitely crafted horror film noir that garbs your attention by the throat and never lets go until the very final frame of the picture. The acting is very convincing; Leonardo DiCaprio in particular gives one of his very best performances. The casting was thoughtfully done and this makes the film even more powerful; and the cinematography combined with the choreography pack quite a punch. The script was well written, too.<br /><br />When the film starts we meet US federal marshals Teddy Daniels (Leonardo DiCaprio) and his new partner Chuck Aule (Mark Ruffalo) who are on their way by ferry to an eerie island off the Massachusetts coast where Ashcliff hospital for the dangerously criminally insane is located. One of the patients has escaped from her locked room; and the staff, including Dr. Cawley (Ben Kingsley) and Dr. Naehring (Max von Sydow) simply have no clue as to how she escaped and where she could be on this remote and foreboding island with its rocky cliffs--and no transportation to and from the mainland except for a single, highly guarded ferry boat. Unfortunately, however, Teddy and his partner Chuck are thwarted by Dr. Cawley, who refuses to make staff records available to them.<br /><br />There's so much more that I can tell you without giving too much away. Right from the very beginning we can see how Teddy can't handle the water; his seasickness on the ferry boat to Shutter Island is just the beginning of what will prove to be a series of unpleasant and even horrifying things that happen to him. Moreover, Teddy's new partner doesn't know the real reason Teddy wanted this assignment. Teddy found out that the man who started a fire that killed his wife and daughter, Laeddis (Elias Koteas), is in the hospital there and Teddy wants revenge. Teddy also wants to \\"blow the lid off\\" what he thinks is the hospital's ability to secretly experiment on the mind using lobotomies and other questionable surgical procedures. In addition, slowly but surely we begin to see how Shutter Island resembles a concentration camp from World War Two that Teddy helped to liberate.<br /><br />There's still so much more, but suffice it to say that gradually Teddy's flashbacks and other visions become more and more frequent and unsettling. His partner Chuck goes missing; will Teddy be able to find him? How does Teddy's World War Two experience factor into this? Will Teddy and his partner ever find the missing patient; or will they have to retreat and experience the embarrassment that they failed in their mission to locate the missing patient and, for Teddy, to get even with Laeddis?<br /><br />It may well appear that I've given it all away; but there are still so many surprises and unexpected plot twists that I assure you I haven't. Indeed, the final fifteen to twenty minutes of the film provide such a, unexpected, shocking conclusion that it will haunt you for quite some while to come. Look also for good performances by Jackie Earle Haley as George Noyce and Patricia Clarkson as \\"Rachel 2.\\" Michelle Williams is exceptionally good at playing Teddy's late wife, Dolores.<br /><br />The DVD doesn't come with any extras; I would have loved a commentary with Scorsese, DiCaprio, Mark Ruffalo or even all three; but we just don't get it.<br /><br />Shutter Island may not be for the faint of heart; but for those of us who choose to watch and own this movie on DVD will not be disappointed. There's so much suspense in this psychological thriller that it's truly remarkable; this will have a lasting impact on you. I highly recommend this film.in to see how Shutter Island resembles a concentration camp from World War Two that Teddy helped to liberate.     There's still so much more, but suffice it to say that gradually Teddy's flashbacks and other visions become more and more frequent and unsettling. His partner Chuck goes missing; will Teddy be able to find him? How does Teddy's World War Two experience factor into this? Will Teddy and his partner ever find the missing patient; or will they have to retreat and experience the embarrassment that they failed in their mission to locate the missing patient and, for Teddy, to get even with Laeddis?     It may well appear that I've given it all away; but there are still so many surprises and unexpected plot twists that I assure you I haven't. Indeed, the final fifteen to twenty minutes of the film provide such a, unexpected, shocking conclusion that it will haunt you for quite some while to come. Look also for good performances by Jackie Earle Haley as George Noyce and Patricia Clarkson as \\"Rachel 2.\\" Michelle Williams is exceptionally good at playing Teddy's late wife, Dolores.     The DVD doesn't come with any extras; I would have loved a commentary with Scorsese, DiCaprio, Mark Ruffalo or even all three; but we just don't get it.     Shutter Island may not be for the faint of heart; but for those of us who choose to watch and own this movie on DVD will not be disappointed. There's so much suspense in this psychological thriller that it's truly remarkable; this will have a lasting impact on you. I highly recommend this film.
B000X5SPBI|5.0|i love this season of show.. the sctors are all good and it's the best thing to watch on dvd over and over... if u like a show that will keep on guled than this is it... finally something on the cw network i can watch over and over and the cast is so hot... the first and second season are just as good as the 3 also.
6304712944|5.0|There is such love as he sings to her, Lancelot is a knight I would fall in love with too.  There is so much in this movie that makes it a joy to watch even though the ending is hard to watch.  After finding out that all these actors became good friends and 2 even married made it a joy to watch again, because I did not know that beautiful story of true love, until Letters to Juliet came out and on the View they told there story of LOVE.
B003J27WFW|5.0|First off, I just want to state for the record that some of my knowledge of certain rare songs and footage is limited because I only watched (and taped) the edited version on VH-1, and only 90-minutes of it, at that.  But I was SO exited by what I did see that I just had to share with you my thoughts on this documentary. I heard that they thought a history of themselves would be boring. First of all, there are NO 'boring' histories in rock and roll--trios that stay together for a long time, like themselves, ZZ Top, and (until recently) Grand Funk Railroad, seem to have this 'inferiority' complex about themselves, like they're only \\"standing on the shoulders of giants\\". Well, let me tell you, even if they never even get a \\"peep\\" inside the hallowed halls of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland, it was the city of Cleveland itself, as you'll find out, who put them on the map, and they are 'giants' in the eyes of many rock fans, and as you'll see on this DVD--many rock musicians themselves.    But my take on their story: I found it particularly interesting the fact that Alex and Geddy were both the sons of European immigrants in Canada. Why their parents decided to settle there instead of the US, where there are more communities of Jews and Slavs like themselves is a mystery to me, but I can only imagine this reference point had a bonding effect between the two of them. It also probably gave them this \\"us against the world\\" mentality that would be put to good use in their music later. Geddy's Jewish mother, in particular, reminds me a lot of Gene Simmons' Jewish mother--she has that \\"Zsa Zsa Gabor\\"-vibe about her, perhaps that's one way Gene relates well to Geddy.  With drummer John Rutsey on board, the three of them got started, probably aspiring to be like Cream and the Jimi Hendrix Experience, but closer to the Blue Cheer/Grand Funk Railroad/James Gang, riff-heavy, boogie-oreiented hard rock mold, at least that's the way a lot of their early songs on this DVDsound like--by the way, I love the sound of just the snipets of those rare early songs, and I would dearly love to know if they would ever be made avaiable anywhere other than this DVD. Like a lot of other North American bands in the early-70s getting started on their way to fame (Heart, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Aerosmith, Kansas) they had a hard time finding places to play, not just because they were underage, but also like those other groups, they would only play their own original material and refused to play \\"top 40\\". Mostly, they were limited to high school gyms, so you see this funny photo of Rush playing in a gym with big amplifiers, a double drum-kit, and (laugh!) a basketball goal in between them! Heavy rock in a high school looked like it had its difficulties! There were some interesting peculiarites, I suppose, relating to Canadian society here--poor John Rutsey, the drummer, had to \\"coach\\" the crowd on how to put their hands together to clap along to the music, and the kids respond in a very robotic way (lends to the stereotype that Canadians have no rhythm!) Speaking of which, I would really love to know where they got the video footage of them playing in a school auditorium in the early days--even more, where they got footage of Alex as a teenager telling his parents that he didn't want to college. It seems really odd (but cool at the same time) that they had this, because it's not a re-creation of what happened, and on the other hand, it can't be from a home movie because it has sound? So how and why was this filmed, I wonder? Obviously, it was before they had a recording contract and got popular?    But the most interesting story for me is what happened to their original drummer John Rutsey. I always wondered why he only lasted that first album. Well, in the first of many pararlells, like Bob Burns from Lynyrd Skynyrd, he was only in the band from the get-go for convenience--he was a neighbour who happened to have a drum kit! Like Burns, he was out of the band when they got serious and he couldn't handle the fame. However, unlike Burns from Skynyrd, just from the footage shown here, he seemed to be actively involved in Rush--even the band's spokesperson on occasion! And just like Lynyrd Skynyrd--almost at the very same time in their history (late-74/early-75), who found a more serious professional drummer in Artimus Pyle, Rush found theirs' at the same time in Neal Peart. Funny thing is, they went from having John Rutsey, who actually 'looked' more like a rock star, to the \\"nerdy\\" Neal Peart, who at the time looked to be sporting a bad \\"David Bowie mullet\\". But apparantely, all was forgiven once they heard him drum! Ironically enough, it was a nerdy looking female DJ at WMMS in Cleveland who they owe all their American success to, playing their record and bringing them to the attention of Mercury records in Chicago, who quickly signed them, probably adding to their \\"nerd-lore\\". They are forever in her debt, I'm sure! So the first album is released, followed up quickly by \\"Fly By Night\\" in 1975, and then just like all record companies in the 70s, when it comes around to the third album and their have been no hit singles--they start to get restless! Enter yet another pararllel, that of Kansas, who at the very same time had come out with their debut, and then \\"Song For America\\" in 1975, when their label, CBS, came calling for hits. Defiantly, Kansas put out an even-less commercial record in late-'75 called \\"Masque\\", and at the very same time in late-'75, Rush came out with their less-commerical record in \\"Caress of Steel\\". Seems late-'75 was a time for progressive bands to say to their record companies \\"Up yours, we'll do what we want, or die trying!\\" The difference here was that the very next year, Kansas came out with \\"Leftoverture\\" and finally had their hit (\\"Carry on Wayward Son\\", which was purely by accident, of course. The record was already finished when they decided to have an \\"end-of-record jam. Then they made the last minute decision to put it on, and the rest is history) and Rush still had to wait a few years.   Interestingly enough, \\"the Rush story\\" could have ended there. In 1976, \\"2112\\" was the album that was to be their \\"swan song\\"--a masterpiece it was, but the starving artists and \\"martyrs to the cause\\" they were, they were actually willing to go back to the farm or other low-paying jobs if this didn't work out and Mercury decided to drop them! Think of all that wasted talent they put forth on this album, arguably their best record acording to many fans,and they would actually be willing to demote themselves and give up music altogether if they were let go by their label. If indeed the Rush story ended there, only five years and three albums after they got started, we probably wouldn't be talking about this DVD--at best, they would have ended up in a \\"where are they now?\\" segment. Fortunately for Rush, they found another road to fame--album sales, and \\"2112\\" became their first gold record, influencing a whole new generation of rock fans and musicians, many of whom came out of the woodwork to sing its' praises on this DVD. Hard to believe, the record that they were going to put out and go back to the farm on, was the one that became their most influential! But it was through \\"album sales\\", and not having to have \\"hit singles\\", that kept them going. They kept their contract with Mercury and the fans response to \\"2112\\" kept them wanting to put more elaborate progressive rock for years to come!  But it was those early years in particular that interested me the most. The rise to stardom is always a \\"heart warming story\\". One particular minor detail that struck me most about the band's early sound, at least up until the 80s, was Alex Lifeson's guitar of choice being one of those old-style Gibson hollow-body guitars, which footage shows him playing on many of their most famous early songs. Not the most likely guitar you find a rock guitarist in the 70s playing, but it seems he could get a REALLY good sound out of it! No footage, however, of \\"Working Man\\", but if that's the same guitar he played on that tune, that's the guitar I want to buy!  The nicest thing about this video biography is the surprising (or not so surprising!) number, and variety, of musicians talking glowingly of Rush, everyone from \\"Death Cab for Cutie\\" to \\"Metallica\\", giving legitmacy to their body of work, as all great tributes should be. Again, this is a band who owes everything to a Cleveland radio station willing to take a chance on their first album, even if a certain museum in Cleveland never takes a chance on inducting them!
1579128149|4.0|The book came with no issues other than it seemed a little long for shipping.  I ordered May 28 & recieved the book June 17.  Typically, items arrive within 8- 10 business days.
B002ZG997M|5.0|This movie is great!! It leaves you a great message and realistic post nuclear war era...
B002UZCJ8Y|4.0|There are not a lot of original elements to Surrogates, but I argue that there is a fantastic and creative presentation of those elements.  The film immerses the audience in a future fantasy world where robots act as surrogates for real people.  The real people are in darkened apartments or condos, logged on to a global virtual reality network.  Meanwhile, their too-beautiful and too-perfect surrogates are going to work, dancing in clubs, meeting people, and doing all the things humans--with all their flaws--used to do on their own in front of real people.  There is no crime and there is no racism, because everyone is gorgeous and cannot get physically hurt...or can they?    This social networking criticism would be silly and would alienate the audience if there wasn't a sense of humor attached to it.  I particularly like the idea that not everyone's robot is top-of-the-line, because not everyone can afford the best.  This is exactly what has been going on in the real world for nearly a decade now: All of those gadgets and phones that have been pushed on people have truly exposed those who indentify themselves via material status and those who consider gadgets to be tools that aren't significantly different from a hammer or a vacuum cleaner.    The film reminds me a little of Demolition Man in its ability to immerse the viewer.  While Demolition Man was not a great movie, there were tireless details in the background that made the world of the film come alive.  Surrogates does this as well: Background characters will say something or something will happen that is incidental to the world the film portrays, but if the same thing were to happen in the real world, we would find it quite peculiar, indeed.    Much of the success of this film relies heavily on Bruce Willis (character name, Tom Greer).  He is eternally John McClane, the modern cowboy from Die Hard.  And he's just as watchable now as he was twenty years ago.  Rosamund Pike's portrayal of Greer's wife, Maggie, is almost too good for this film.  She represents the dark sadness of a life lived vicariously.    I find that Surrogates can be forgiven for its obvious message, because it tells that message so well and also remains quite entertaining.  The blend of action of social commentary worked well enough for me, even if I knew the ending within the first twenty minutes.
6302158095|5.0|Most of these reviews refer to the 2000 release of Fantasia. THE VHS IS FROM 1992 and does have the voice of Deems Taylor, etc. Amazon has been sloppy about putting all the Fantasia reviews together. Most of the reviews obviously refer to \\"discs\\". This version is a tape. I have the tape; Deems is on it. Why Disney didn't just put this on DVD is beyond me.
B003ELOQD4|1.0|It had a really really bad audio, it's a shame! This Bluray disc sounds like a pirate copy.<br /><br />I thought that this release will be awesome but... how wrong I was
B000BTGY1O|5.0|The movie was never opened and without a scratch. It plays all the way through just like it should. I was very pleased with this purchase, especially since it's one of my favorite movies of all time.
B00009W0U4|5.0|This movie is not for everyone, very graphic and intense, can be hard to watch. But to the cinematic watchers, it's a great film. It's shot in a way that it seems very real and disturbing. It will stay on your mind for days to come.
B003D0ZNWY|5.0|It was bound to happen sooner or later: pretty much everything known by Mahler put into one box (16 cd's). Of course, one could argue endlessly about what performances of the various symphonies EMI could have/should have chosen. But what this set has going for it are a series of outstanding renditions of the various song cycles and vocal works. In addition to having the Thomas Hampson/Wolfram Rieger (piano) \\"Five Ruckert Songs\\", disc 16 gives us a survey of numerous \\"Ich bin der Welt abhanden gekommen\\" performances - possibly THE most gorgeous orchestral song ever composed - captured by EMI over the years. That list includes Janet Baker, Christa Ludwig (twice), D. Fischer-Dieskau, Thomas Allen, Brigitte Fassbaender, and Katarina Karneus. But rather than yack on and on, I'll simply leave you a list of what this box contains.<br /><br />CD 1 - \\"Das Klagende Lied\\". Simon Rattle/C.B.S.O., 1983/84<br />  Piano Quartet movement. Domus, 1988<br /><br />CD 2 - \\"Songs Of A Wayfarer\\". D. Fischer-Dieskau/Furtwaengler/Philharmonia, 1952<br />  Symphony #1. Giulini/Chicago Symphony, 1971<br /><br />CD 3 - Symphony #2. Klemperer/Philharmonia (studio version), 1961<br /><br />CD 4 - Three Early Songs. Ian Bostridge/A. Pappano (piano), 2010<br />  14 \\"Lieder & Gesaenge\\". Sung by var. big names from EMI catalog.<br />  Symphony #3, Mvt. 1.  Rattle/C.B.S.O./Birgirt Remmert (mezzo), 1997<br /><br />CD 5 - Sym. #3, Mvts. II - VI. Rattle/CBSO.<br />  \\"Blumine\\". P. Jarvi/Frankfurt R.S.O., 2009<br /><br />CD 6 - Sym. #4. Horenstein/L.P.O./M. Price (sop), 1970<br /><br />CD 7 - Sym. #5. K. Tennstedt/L.P.O. - \\"live\\", 1988<br /><br />CD 8 - \\"Kindertotenlieder\\". K. Ferrier/B. Walter/V.P.O., 1949<br />  \\"Five Ruckert Lieder\\". J. Baker/Barbirolli/New Phil., 1969<br />  Sym. #6, Mvt. I. J. Barbirolli/New Philharmonia, 1967<br /><br />CD 9 - Sym. #6, Mvts. II - IV. Barbirolli/New Phil., 1967<br /><br />CD 10 - Sym. #7. Rattle/C.B.S.O., 1991 (Aldeburgh Festival)<br /><br />CD 11 - \\"Des Knaben Wunderhorn\\". Schwarzkopf/Fischer-Dieskau/G.Szell/L.S.O., 1968<br />  Sym. #8, Part I. Tennstedt/L.P.O., 1986<br /><br />CD 12 - Sym. #8, Part II. Tennstedt/L.P.O., 1986<br /><br />CD 13 - \\"Das Lied von der Erde\\". C. Ludwig/Wunderlich/Klemperer/Phil., 1966<br /><br />CD 14 - Sym. #9. Barbirolli/Berlin Phil., 1964<br /><br />CD 15 - Sym. #10. S. Rattle/Berlin Phil., 1999<br /><br />CD 16 - \\"Bonus CD\\", as described above.<br /><br />Needless to say, this set captures many of the biggest names in the Mahler \\"biz\\" ever: Barbirolli; Horenstein; Furtwaengler (his one and only studio recording of Mahler); Bruno Walter; Kathleen Ferrier; Klaus Tennstedt; Simon Rattle (opinions vary, but they chose some of his better work here); Janet Baker; Christa Ludwig; D. Fischer-Dieskau; Brigitte Fassbaender; C.M. Giulini; Chicago Symphony (caputred in the Medinah Temple); Berlin Phil.; Philharmonia Orch. (the Walter Legge years); E. Schwarzkopf; the incomparable Fritz Wunderlich (\\"DLvdE\\") - the list goes on, so most of this set is pretty much self recommending. Even if you already own some Mahler, if you don't have many of these performances, you probably ought to indulge yourself with this set.<br /><br />No one need be reminded that we're in the middle of summer and an economic recession. But when the holidays roll around, few things will say \\"Merry Christmas\\" better to music lovers than this box. Ponder that thought. It's better than yet another \\"La Boheme\\" or Beethoven cycle, not to mention Lady Gaga.erhorn\\". Schwarzkopf/Fischer-Dieskau/G.Szell/L.S.O., 1968<br />  Sym. #8, Part I. Tennstedt/L.P.O., 1986<br /><br />CD 12 - Sym. #8, Part II. Tennstedt/L.P.O., 1986<br /><br />CD 13 - \\"Das Lied von der Erde\\". C. Ludwig/Wunderlich/Klemperer/Phil., 1966<br /><br />CD 14 - Sym. #9. Barbirolli/Berlin Phil., 1964<br /><br />CD 15 - Sym. #10. S. Rattle/Berlin Phil., 1999<br /><br />CD 16 - \\"Bonus CD\\", as described above.<br /><br />Needless to say, this set captures many of the biggest names in the Mahler \\"biz\\" ever: Barbirolli; Horenstein; Furtwaengler (his one and only studio recording of Mahler); Bruno Walter; Kathleen Ferrier; Klaus Tennstedt; Simon Rattle (opinions vary, but they chose some of his better work here); Janet Baker; Christa Ludwig; D. Fischer-Dieskau; Brigitte Fassbaender; C.M. Giulini; Chicago Symphony (caputred in the Medinah Temple); Berlin Phil.; Philharmonia Orch. (the Walter Legge years); E. Schwarzkopf; the incomparable Fritz Wunderlich (\\"DLvdE\\") - the list goes on, so most of this set is pretty much self recommending. Even if you already own some Mahler, if you don't have many of these performances, you probably ought to indulge yourself with this set.<br /><br />No one need be reminded that we're in the middle of summer and an economic recession. But when the holidays roll around, few things will say \\"Merry Christmas\\" better to music lovers than this box. Ponder that thought. It's better than yet another \\"La Boheme\\" or Beethoven cycle, not to mention Lady Gaga.
B002JI94J4|5.0|I looooooooove this movie! And the bluray is beautiful. This is a cute and funny movie that everyone should see at least once.
B000RF7XYO|4.0|While the DVD was of excellent technical quality and arrived earlier that expected, scenes that I would have enjoyed --like the Spanish Armada's attempt to invade England-- were edited out.  This should have been made clear to the purchaser.
030726999X|5.0|The first book - Men who hate women, was an excellent read, despite some flaws wrapping up the Wennerstrom affair.  The second book - Playing with fire, was extremely interesting and carried forward the spurned (in her own mind) lover Lisbeth.  I refer to it as Lisbeth's book, since it is her throughout the book.  When I finished it I could not wait to pick up and read Hornet's Nest.<br /><br />I have most recently completed the reading of Hornet's Nest and while I found the first 60 to 70 pages a little slower in setting the scene and foundation, it picked up amazingly and was difficult to put down as the story moved on.  The character development of minor additional players was incredible.  While you had feelings about where things were going, Larsson still managed to surprise us at various times.<br /><br />The book was an excellent conclusion to the Salachenko affair.  It had pace and pathos throughout.  The only suggestion I would make is to be certain that the reader reads all three, from start to finish in order.  If one were to merely pick up the Hornets Nest and start with it, they would miss much, especially of why Lisbeth refers to Mikael as Kalle 'expletive deleted' Blomquist.  They might also miss Mikael's high regard for himself as a caped crusader fighting injustice in Sweden.<br /><br />I thought that the courtroom scene with Lisbeth's nemisis was one of the best cross-examinations I have ever read in many a book.  This is clearly the best book I have read this year.  Do yourself a favor and go out and buy all three, and then prepare to be entertained.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|I just wanted to let hearing impaired French speakers know, that this version does NOT have French subtitles as advertised in this announcement.<br /><br />As for the film, I enjoyed it, but I hope the next version actually has French subtitles.
015206057X|5.0|This is my one year old's favorite story.  She calls it the 'baby book' and loves looking at the beautiful pictures.  I really love this book, it's another Mem Fox classic.
B003D83DPA|5.0|This is as good as 16mm film is going to look shot in 1983. I love the way it looks, it's like stepping into a time machine. Of course, like everyone says, the sound quality is superb. If you like Dire Straits then you will love this BD, I got goosebumps several times watching it.
0670021652|1.0|I tried, I really did.  I loved EPL.  This was just a lightweight, sometimes interesting, but not well written survey of the concept of marriage; for some people.  Halfway through I got seriously bored with her angst about remarrying. Enough of the whining already!  As she illustrates with numerous examples (and a terrorist attack), there isn't enough talk in the world to make a bad match work.  Her first marriage wasn't exactly a nightmare.  And as she says, repeatedly, she wasn't ready for prime time.  For cripessake, let it go!   I think the true love match aspect is that she found someone willing to ride around on third world buses, seemingly engaged with her inability to come to terms with a divorce that happened 12 years earlier.  Most people would have jumped off the bus midway, and run screaming into the jungle.    \\"A Skeptic Makes Peace\\" should read, \\"After Over-talking It, More Interesting Travel, And Making Some Dough...Elizabeth Tries Again\\"
B0015DROBO|2.0|\\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" is the first book in the Millennium Trilogy by Steig Larsson. The book is 841 pages in length.<br /><br />*SPOILER*<br /><br />\\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" (TGwtDT) is a mystery thriller involving  sadism and misogynism. Two unlikely protagonists, journalist Mikael Blomkvist and researcher/computer-hacker Lisbeth Salander are thrown together in quest to solve a missing-persons enigma that goes back well over a quarter century.<br /><br />Some of the  findings 'missed' by previous investigators (given the amount of time, effort and resources that was made available to them) made them look incompetent. Our heroes seemed have an uncanny knack for finding that all important missed clue. This being accomplished through diligent digging and also from Salander's computer skills; skills that border on the miraculous (or maybe unbelievable).<br /><br />*END SPOILER*<br /><br />Comment:<br /><br />Despite its length, TGwtDT is a fast, easy read, but that is not to say it's particularly well written; it has its flaws that are just not entirely related in the text being translated from Swedish to English. The writing, at times, seemed quite amateurish.<br />There may have been a little too much of the erotic mixed in with the more serious who-done-it component, with the former taking away from the intriguing mystery associated with the latter.<br />In spots, the book seemed to have excessive detail, that while within the context of the story, had little to do with the real plot or its outcome. These areas became easy to recognize and just as easy to skim through. They really only served to lengthen an already long book.<br /><br />Conclusion:<br />Despite my concerns with some of the writing quality and a few of the plot details, I enjoyed this disturbing thriller; it was, truly hard to put down.<br />This is however, not a tale for the faint of heart; I suspect there are some readers that may have difficulty with certain passages in this book. Overall...2 maybe 2 1/2 Stars.<br /><br />Ray Nicholson
B002KSPKRS|4.0|I like these headphones, especially for Xbox 360 titles such as Modern Warfare 2 and Left 4 Dead - makes it much easier to hear your opponents.  At $150 though, I don't feel as if they are absolutely necessary.    I have not yet tried them with an optical cable from my xbox, so I'm relying on the analog inputs for now.  Connecting an optical cable from my laptop, however, and using these as headphones for music gives exceptional sound.  They're just bulky.
030726999X|4.0|This final installment in the Lispeth Salander trilogy was every bit as entertaining and satisfying as the first two volumes.The author  managed to keep the action rolling along and the tension high. You knew pretty much where the plot had to go but it was fun to see it get there. It is indeed a shame that Mr. Larsson produced only three of these adventures. I'd buy another in a heartbeat.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|I only started watching in the 4th season.. so funny.  I had to get the first, second & third.  I am really enjoying them.
B003A4IFGY|5.0|The naysayers just don't get it. At this point Petty has nothing to prove to anyone - he can do whatever the eff he wants. This great album shows him to be very relaxed and creative. He and the band even try reggae and psych, and it all works so well. The musicianship is absolutely stunning. It is evident these guys had a blast jamming and creating music together, and the result is a very warm and rich record. It's mellow, but energetic, and with an undertone of restlessness. Petty's voice is better than ever and lyrically, he often keeps it simple, but the lyrics are memorable. I've been a Petty fan for years, and yeah it's not like his other albums. But if you ask me, Mojo is a masterpiece and possibly his best yet.
B0011NVC9I|4.0|I'm and English Literature teacher of high school seniors and this is a welcomed break from our first reading from the Anglo Saxon period.  Of course, the movie IS NOT the same as the historical literary piece, so we read the real thing first and talked about the culture, etc...  What's cool about this movie is that it shows the Anglo-Saxon beliefs, morays and culture very well and is very entertaining for the students to watch.    *Be careful if you want to show this to students- it's rated R for mostly violence*
1439148953|2.0|The story is undeveloped. It is one short story scene after another with little connection.  I found the book boring and I quit.
B000W74EQC|5.0|I bought this DVD to replace a damaged one.  I still enjoy it.  I'm a fan.
0307454541|2.0|This book is overrated.  REALLY overrated.<br /><br />The book is not clever, quite gruesome and brings nothing new.<br /><br />I did not finish.
B002BWP4A6|4.0|Michael Hanake is nothing if not singular. The few films of his I have seen have all been different and odd. None have towed the line of mainstream cinema and White Ribbon is no exception. Set in Germany just prior to the outbreak of WWI a normally quiet, small town experiences a series of unsettling, violent events. Being a typical close knit, rural community, the residents are at a loss as to who would perpetrate the brutal crimes and why.     Hanake does not handle the plot as a whodunit but rather has the viewer engage the town itself. We meet several of the families and watch them in their day to day activities as well as their handling of some of the unpleasant matters that arise from time to time.    This is a very unsettling film. The weird, disturbing events mixed with the quite \\"proper\\" setting mixed with the fact that the events aren't the focus of the proceedings leaves the viewer on edge. That they are not fully explained in the end really puts the capper on things. I found myself running as many scenes as I could remember through my mind to try and put all the pieces together.    It's a great looking film. The gorgeous black and white cinematography, in conjunction with the sets, costumes, hairstyles, etc., really makes the viewers feel as though they are seeing something real. The dialogue is spot on as well. One really gets the sense of the formality of the society of the time.    This is one heck of a movie and, at least in my case, demands more than one viewing to soak in everything that is going on.
B001IYCMNA|1.0|We bought a couple of these 4410N for office. It had to support VLAN trunking (802.11q), multiple SSIDs, RADIUS authentication on a Windows server and 802.11n. On paper this nice Linksys supports all these features, right?  In fact multiple SSIDs feature simply doesn't work with stock 2.0.1.0 firmware on devices with MACs starting with 68:xx:xx (that's all new hardware, I guess). I had to open a ticket with Cisco and they sent me 2.0.2.1 beta firmware which fixed the issue. But it still doesn't work for iPhones with Radius authentication feature enabled - the device puts iPhone's MAC into \\"User-Name\\" field instead of a real domain login name.    Overall, it's not a business-grade solution, I wouldn't recommend it so far - the software is waaay too buggy.  And if you want to buy it for home - consider other options. You don't need VLANs support anyway. Linksys E3000 or Netgear WNDR3700 cost about the same, but provide 5 GHz band and faster transfer speeds.
B002PEP4HI|5.0|My Baptist church book club was assigned to read this book. I was reluctant. Living close to Detroit, I'd often listened to Mitch's (Albom) radio program and often did not agree with his political opinions. As I began to read \\"Have a Little Faith . . \\", I found myself becoming immersed in the depth of the characters and Mitch's own struggle over the promise he made to his 'Reb'. I guarantee you too, will begin to care about the charcters and their struggles as well as Mitch's struggle with spiritual belief that invites you to reflect on your own. Our book club thoroughly enjoyed the story and explored the similarities of Mitch's struggles and sometimes biased views with our own. This is one of the few books I will one day read again. Thoroughly enjoyable, moving, funny, sad, and inspiring. Thanks, Mitch!
B0025UHKNS|5.0|I have used this watch for 3 months now, and I am 99% percent happy with it. It is very easy to use. After 20 minutes I knew how to access most of its features. The data transmission to the computer is very nice, too. You only have to stick the usb receiving device into your computer and it detects the watch and retrieves the data. So, after all that, I can say that it was a great purchase, and I recommend it for anyone who likes running and gadgets. The touch bezel works great. Even when it was raining I was able to use it with no trouble at all. The battery life is not great, but it's ok. It takes about 3 one-hour workouts (5 days) to wear out the battery. The GPS is about 95 percent accurate, but it is good too. Sometimes the map shows my route as if I had been taking shortcuts through the bushes. I would rate its accuracy as been 8/10. It's my first GPS device though, I don't know if they are all like that. The heart rate monitor is excellent, much better then my Polar. It's more accurate (doesn't show absurd values like the Polar does sometimes) and it allows you to change the battery instead of having to buy a new one when the battery dies. Another great thing about this watch is that it allows you to select the data fields that you want to view during your workout. So, you can configure up to 3 sets of data with 4 fields on each one to view during the exercise. You can either change the data sets by touching the bezel or configure the watch to rotate through them.
B003HTPHSQ|4.0|It helps to be on TV. \\"Memphis Blues\\" comes shortly after Cyndi Lauper's participation on \\"Celebrity Apprentice\\" and benefits substantially, becoming her highest charting LP since 1986.<br /><br />Why a blues album? Does she pull it off?<br /><br />Lauper has always defied expectations. A comprehensive look at her career shows this is hardly her first left-field decision. Recording an authentic blues record had been one of her desires years, and it puts her versatility as a singer and musician to a new test.<br /><br />Unlike most of her peers or disciples, when Lauper changes genre ordirection between albums the results are not contrived, detached or stilted - qualities that would stifle authentic blues chestnuts like the sultry \\"Romance In the Dark\\" or the rambunctious \\"Rollin' and Tumblin.\\" Her artistic drive is clearly internal, not derived from swapping producers or \\"acting\\" the part of a genre. This makes the album work.<br /><br />It also helps to have friends. Bluesmen Charlie Musselwhite and Alan Toussaint back Lauper on several tracks, while B.B. King sings and plays on \\"Early in the Mornin',\\" a definite highlight exemplary of the album.<br /><br />Jonny Lang guests on \\"Crossroads\\" and B.B. King's \\"How Blue Can You Get?\\" The mix of his and Lauper's vocals often feels uncomfortably forced during the quieter moments of the songs, as though recorded separately, although the result is still listenable. \\"Just Your Fool\\" feels oddly scattered for an opening track and lead single choice.<br /><br />\\"Down Don't Bother Me\\" is a rousing declaration of inner strength where both Lauper's love of and proficiency for the blues shine remarkably, supported perfectly by Musselwhite's pitch-perfect blues-harp playing. \\"Down So Low\\" is just as impressive with its timeless, unshakeable melody and theme. \\"Don't Cry No More\\" is a sprightly, upbeat burst of sunlight that gives the album a danceable moment.<br /><br />There may be no pop hits here, but Lauper has certainly recorded an accessible selection of tunes with impeccable talent surrounding her. \\"Memphis Blues\\" manages to pay homage to the blues without descending into a vanity project or Wikipedia entry with sound. It is breezy, finely tuned and perfectly professional, working equally well as a Lauper album and a classy blues record. No small feat.ent surrounding her. \\"Memphis Blues\\" manages to pay homage to the blues without descending into a vanity project or Wikipedia entry with sound. It is breezy, finely tuned and perfectly professional, working equally well as a Lauper album and a classy blues record. No small feat.
0307474712|5.0|I loved this book so much, I don't even know where to begin.  It was wonderful on so many levels.<br /><br />First, there are the main characters:  Dexter and Emma or Dex and Em.  Dex and Em are not two dimensional characters, they are three dimensional.  They are part good, bad, pathetic, funny, silly, sad...and much more.  I felt like I knew them.  I would sit down to read and think, \\"Let's see what Dex and Em are doing today.\\"<br /><br />Next is the way the story is written, the concept of it.  The story is told from one day a year.  So, each year on July 15th, we get to see what Dex and Em are up to.  We see where their relationship stands and where their relationships with others stand.  There is a gradual growing and changing, some for the better, some for the worse.<br /><br />Last, there is the writing.  Wonderful.  With my Kindle, I highlighted passage after passage:<br /><br />  Eyes closed, the cigarette glued languidly to his lower lip, the dawn light warming the side of his face through the red filter of the curtains, he had the knack of looking perpetually posed for a photograph.<br /><br />  The day was cooling off now, and she shivered as she felt something in the air, an unexpected shudder of anxiety that ran the length of her spine, and was so intense as to maker her stop walking for a moment.  Fear of the future, she thought.<br /><br />~~~~~~~<br />The only bad thing I can say about this book is that it ended.  I could have gone on reading about Dex and Em forever.  I miss them.  I want to just go back to the beginning and read it again and see what I missed.  I don't want to let them go just yet.<br /><br />Highly recommended!
1401307957|5.0|Book came as promised-in good condition.  Wasn't into the book though.  Hard to read his \\"penmanship\\"
0143038583|3.0|This is one of those books that takes you down a fantasy of \\"sustainability\\" for food -- and plays the usual characters in their usual roles: McDonald's is bad and local, fresh, and organic is best.<br /><br />It was not an original book, it was not an original concept, and the journey left us with no satisfaction - other than I wish I lived close to Polyface farms.<br /><br />It is not a book that I would recommend for the science, and yet the fantasy in the book isn't worth reading for the fiction. But it does provide a pseudo intellectual guide for some who seek a bully pulpit without much substance
B001FB55I0|5.0|I saw this Terminator movie and decided since I have that in my collection I also need to get the original movies especially since Arnold is the original machine. I was really excited at the animated Arnold in Terminator Salvation. It is so true that the movies are just not the same without him.
B001PPGAIA|5.0|I wish I had watched this movie sooner.  I heard words and terms used that I had not heard before and I looked them up which expanded my vocabulary a bit.  I love how the main characters had love, affection and care for each other.  I loved that they strived to make a bad situation work.  Nolah was such a brave boy and he was ever looking forward to what needed to be done next while dealing with the problems at hand.  Nolah was the kind of son I would want if I had one because he was brave, engaged, hopeful, etc. in the movie.  Being single and having assets that you are responsible for is like Nicole had a homestead that she had to take care of and needed a good man's help.  All the pieces came together and she pulled off what her significant other had wanted to have done - drive the big bloody cattle into the big bloody metal ship.  Racial issues played a factor and class separation had an influence.  Lies were told, deceit was hidden yet revealed before it was all said and done.  Many of todays issues existed back then.    Lookie Entertainer
B003HARV3Y|2.0|Okay. First off, I have to say that I absolutely LOVE the Percy Jackson series. It's funny, creative, and very well put together. When I heard that they were going to make Percy Jackson into a movie, I thought it was a mistake from the start. I know what happens to books that are made into movies. Then I see that Christopher Columbus, the director who put together harry potters one and two (which i thought were amazing because they actually followed the plotline with minor mistakes) was going to directing it and suddenly I was hopefull again. I bought a ticket and went to go see it with my friend (also a huge fan of Percy Jackson).   I was very upset with the way this movie was put together. NOTHING IS THE SAME! Clarisse, Diyonisis, Procrustes, echidna, and Nancy Bofit aren't even in the movie. Oh, and neither is Thalia's tree which is a big part later in the series. I can't believe that Clarisse wasn't in there (to tell you the truth i would have liked to see that part where Clarisse gets a mouth full of toilet water. Hahaha). And the Annabeth actress sort of takes on the role of Clarisse, even though she's not as big of a bully.    They cut out most of the good parts that were funny, and the actual places that they went were replaced with others. The dialogue was also different. All of it. I think the only sentance that was the same was when Percy says to Grover \\"You're half donkey?\\" and Grover replies, \\"Half Goat\\" Which leads me to my next complaint. Grover is supposed to be so unsure of himself and a good friend. He's constantly nervous. In the movie he is a player. He's flirtatous, happy, and full of self confidence.      Anyways, the whole thing with the arch was cut out. The thing with the fates was cut out when Percy saw them on the bus. AND THEY STOLE A CAR AND DROVE! They're supposed to be 12, not 16 or 17! The waterbed palace was cut out, i would have liked to see their take on procrustes.      I could go on forever and ever but I'm not going to bore youby telling you all the details that i've noticed. When it's your fave book turned into a movie, you tend to compare the two. Bottom line, the plot was so screwed up that it wasn't even fun to watch. I almost fell asleep.      The pros to this movie is that the graphics were AWESOME! I loved the river Styx. It was amazing. I would have liked to see elysium though. Anyways, if you're asking my honest opinion, I wouldn't buy this movie. I would rent it to see if you like it before you go all willy nilly and get it. If you're a serious Percy Jackson fanatic, you've probably already seen it and been mad about how badly they twisted the plot but. . . all i can say is I hope the next one is better, although I don't see how they're going to make a comeback from this.
B001FB4W0W|1.0|CANT REVIEW SINCE THE SELLER NEVER SENT PRODUCT...NO REPLIES TO EMAILS, AND AMAZON HAS YET TO CORRECT.  SELLER IS \\"BREAK TIME\\"....VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED
B00127RAJY|5.0|I got this item super fast! Jillian is a great motivator and really works you hard even at the level one! I enjoy this workout because it's a quick 20 minutes but you feel the burn afterwards. Just a side note: the workouts require light hand weights. Thanks for the great DVD!
B002PNF8HK|5.0|This is an excellent movie. Probably the best I've seen in a decade. Combines thrilling effects with a suspense filled storyline.
B0009VZFF0|5.0|If the stories are to be believed, Orson Welles created CITIZEN KANE as an act of vengeance for a sleight he received from W.R. Hearst during a dinner party at the tycoon's enormous California estate. Welles supposedly included \\"Rosebud\\" in his semi-bio of Hearst to embarrass the man. This mysterious word was the publisher's nickname for an intimate body part belonging to his mistress, Marion Davies. (BTW... watch closely in the film's early snow scene for a revealing \\"Rosebud\\" hint, when young Kane hits a visitor with his beloved sled and we see the famous flower insignia on it.)<br /><br />Is this picture, as so many claim, THE GREATEST ever made? Since all art is subjective, can there ever be a single BEST motion picture, painting, statue or song? Whether or not \\"Kane\\" is numero uno, two things are certain:<br />1.) CITIZEN KANE is *classic* film making in every sense imaginable.<br />2.) Its high regard and place in cinematic history are assured, perhaps for all time.<br /><br />\\"Citizen Kane\\" is available on [[ASIN:B00003CX9E DVD]].<br /><br />Also recommended:<br /><br />The excellent HBO biopic about the creation of \\"Citizen Kane,\\" RKO 281 (1999) features Liev Schreiber's remarkable portrayal of the enigmatic boy-director. Co-stars John Malkovich as Welles' collaborator Herman Mankiewicz, also Melanie Griffith as actress Marion Davies and James Cromwell as newspaper czar William Randolph Hearst.  ([[ASIN:0783114591 VHS]])  ([[ASIN:0783116764 DVD]])<br /><br />Orson labored for many years to finish his superb adaptation of Shakespeare's OTHELLO (1952). After winning the prestigious Palme D'Or at Cannes, this film played in a limited number of American theaters, flopped badly, then disappeared. The long-presumed \\"lost\\" negative of \\"Othello\\" was finally located in New Jersey, in 1992. ([[ASIN:6302600367 VHS]])  [[ASIN:B000ALAT64 (DVD]])<br /><br />Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.<br /><br />(8.4) Citizen Kane (1941) - Orson Welles/Joseph Cotten/Ruth Warrick/Agnes Moorehead/Dorothy Comingore/Ray Collins/Philip Van Zandt (uncredited: Nat 'King' Cole/Alan Ladd/Herman Mankiewicz/Benny Rubin/Gregg Toland)son Welles/Joseph Cotten/Ruth Warrick/Agnes Moorehead/Dorothy Comingore/Ray Collins/Philip Van Zandt (uncredited: Nat 'King' Cole/Alan Ladd/Herman Mankiewicz/Benny Rubin/Gregg Toland)
B003L16FAE|1.0|Love the movie.  The new Blu-Ray?  Well, notice I said \\"love the MOVIE\\" but it no longer looks like a movie.  Whoever mastered this disc scrubbed away everything that makes it look like a movie.  I thought Blu-Ray's goal was to present movies as close to the way they were originally screened as possible.  This is simply not the case with this disc.  The movie never looked like this in the theater and it wasn't supposed to.  It was supposed to be gritty, not shiny.  It had a very specific look that the director and Director of Photography put a lot of effort into getting.  All of that is wiped away on this disc.  I'm sure there will be raves about how \\"mega awesome\\" this disc looks.  Well, it depends on what you'd consider awesome: a faithful representation of the way the film's creators wanted it to look, or an arbitrary look given to it by technicians who had nothing to do with the production of the film.  Do you want it to look like a movie or a video?  Me, I like movies to look like movies and video to look like video.    Now, if the only print available for a movie is a multi-generation dupe (like for, say, a film from the 20's), then sure, do a little bit of clean-up, because it's got a lot of extra grain that wasn't on the original release prints.  But when you're working from a modern print (even if it's an extra generation removed from the original negative) it's wrong to scrub it clean and then call it the proper presentation.  I hope this total removal of film grain does not become the norm for HD releases of films.  That would be a real shame.  Or how about this:  treat the ugly grain-scrubbed versions like a colorized version and release it WITH a real transfer that looks the way it's supposed to look.  That would be fine by me.    And in response to the inevitable \\"yeah, but if the filmmakers could have made these films with higher quality stocks or on video so they didn't have grain, they would have!\\" comments, I say this:  1) Not necessarily, any morethan it's safe to say that every black and white film made after the invention of color would have been made in color if the budget had been there.  That's simply not the case.  2) So what?  The goal of Blu-Ray is to present the films as close to what the film looked like on its initial release as possible, not to alter it to modern tastes just because it can.    When a film becomes a classic (and I wouldn't really call Predator a classic) it's a film that people should (theoretically) want to see in the form it became a classic in or as close to it as possible.  If it became a classic in black and white wouldn't you want to see it that way, at least initially?  Or, to look at a different kind of dumb alteration, Star Wars became an instant classic in 1977.  I'd love to get a version of that on Blu-Ray that looks as close to possible like the film did in 1977, NOT a grain-scrubbed version with new scenes and visual effects.    To sum up, while some will rave about how clean the image is on this Blu-Ray, it's NOT how the film is supposed to look, and it looks strange.  The makers of this disc didn't get it right.  They got it wrong in a way that some people might like because they've never seen the movie the way it was originally presented (I did) and they don't understand.  (OK, a couple might understand but still prefer it this way.  That doesn't make it any more right though.)  Sorry to sound so fuddy-duddy about it.    The movie's fun though.
B000O57S3I|4.0|Adam Sandler has been in some superb movies in recent years. [[ASIN:B0000DGKI6 PUNCH-DRUNK LOVE]] (2002) began the trend; his performance in [[ASIN:B000QFCCR8 REIGN OVER ME]] (2007) is in a word: amazing. Just slightly below these in quality are [[ASIN:B002PLPQLU FUNNY PEOPLE]] (2009) and CLICK.<br /><br />This is a modern entry in a genre that was quite popular in the 1930s-40s, the angel/devil/spirit fantasy. Here, Sandler (as Michael Newman) is given a universal remote from an eccentric salesman named Morty (Walken). The device allows Michael to replay his past or fast forward over unpleasant moments in his daily life. What's he not aware of is that in doing so one time, the remote automatically skips any similar events. Michael can't stop this from occurring. His life races by as a result and he never experiences more than disjointed episodes of it. (A later consultation with Morty reveals who he really is but doesn't resolve the remote control issue.)<br /><br />Sandler and the other main cast members do a fine job (watch for a riotous Rob Schneider cameo as Prince Habeeboo). The only flaw perhaps is an ending copout. The story very easily could've concluded darkly and actually had until a dreaded deus ex machina was pulled out of the cobwebbed clich&eacute; bag for your happily-ever-after ta da. A minor complaint however. Recommended.<br /><br />Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.<br /><br />(6.7) Click (2006) - Adam Sandler/Kate Beckinsale/Christopher Walken/David Hasselhoff/Henry Winkler/Julie Kavner/Sean Astin (uncredited: Rob Schneider/ James Earl Jones as narrator of Michael's past)
B003ELKNH2|4.0|It is a classic. I saw it when it came out and honestly watching it today brought much more meaning for it.
B000A1616G|5.0|If the stories are to be believed, Orson Welles created CITIZEN KANE as an act of vengeance for a sleight he received from W.R. Hearst during a dinner party at the tycoon's enormous California estate. Welles supposedly included \\"Rosebud\\" in his semi-bio of Hearst to embarrass the man. This mysterious word was the publisher's nickname for an intimate body part belonging to his mistress, Marion Davies. (BTW... watch closely in the film's early snow scene for a revealing \\"Rosebud\\" hint, when young Kane hits a visitor with his beloved sled and we see the famous flower insignia on it.)<br /><br />Is this picture, as so many claim, THE GREATEST ever made? Since all art is subjective, can there ever be a single BEST motion picture, painting, statue or song? Whether or not \\"Kane\\" is numero uno, two things are certain:<br />1.) CITIZEN KANE is *classic* film making in every sense imaginable.<br />2.) Its high regard and place in cinematic history are assured, perhaps for all time.<br /><br />\\"Citizen Kane\\" is available on [[ASIN:B00003CX9E DVD]].<br /><br />Also recommended:<br /><br />The excellent HBO biopic about the creation of \\"Citizen Kane,\\" RKO 281 (1999) features Liev Schreiber's remarkable portrayal of the enigmatic boy-director. Co-stars John Malkovich as Welles' collaborator Herman Mankiewicz, also Melanie Griffith as actress Marion Davies and James Cromwell as newspaper czar William Randolph Hearst.  ([[ASIN:0783114591 VHS]])  ([[ASIN:0783116764 DVD]])<br /><br />Orson labored for many years to finish his superb adaptation of Shakespeare's OTHELLO (1952). After winning the prestigious Palme D'Or at Cannes, this film played in a limited number of American theaters, flopped badly, then disappeared. The long-presumed \\"lost\\" negative of \\"Othello\\" was finally located in New Jersey, in 1992. ([[ASIN:6302600367 VHS]])  [[ASIN:B000ALAT64 (DVD]])<br /><br />Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.<br /><br />(8.4) Citizen Kane (1941) - Orson Welles/Joseph Cotten/Ruth Warrick/Agnes Moorehead/Dorothy Comingore/Ray Collins/Philip Van Zandt (uncredited: Nat 'King' Cole/Alan Ladd/Herman Mankiewicz/Benny Rubin/Gregg Toland)son Welles/Joseph Cotten/Ruth Warrick/Agnes Moorehead/Dorothy Comingore/Ray Collins/Philip Van Zandt (uncredited: Nat 'King' Cole/Alan Ladd/Herman Mankiewicz/Benny Rubin/Gregg Toland)
1847879071|5.0|Most stats and SPSS books are incomplete and/or difficult to understand, as if the authors are the keepers of this mysterious knowledge, and it can only be shared in the classroom.  This book, however, has everything.  The FULL explanation of every type of analysis, what all of the terms mean, step-by-step instructions in SPSS RE: how to run the analysis, with pictures of the windows in SPSS, plus pictures of every output box and a clear explanation of what's in the output.  FINALLY!  Plus, it's actually a pretty engaging read, with some humor and personal stories to keep your interest.  For all that you get, it's an excellent value; high recommended!
B000AXS6R6|5.0|If the stories are to be believed, Orson Welles created CITIZEN KANE as an act of vengeance for a sleight he received from W.R. Hearst during a dinner party at the tycoon's enormous California estate. Welles supposedly included \\"Rosebud\\" in his semi-bio of Hearst to embarrass the man. This mysterious word was the publisher's nickname for an intimate body part belonging to his mistress, Marion Davies. (BTW... watch closely in the film's early snow scene for a revealing \\"Rosebud\\" hint, when young Kane hits a visitor with his beloved sled and we see the famous flower insignia on it.)<br /><br />Is this picture, as so many claim, THE GREATEST ever made? Since all art is subjective, can there ever be a single BEST motion picture, painting, statue or song? Whether or not \\"Kane\\" is numero uno, two things are certain:<br />1.) CITIZEN KANE is *classic* film making in every sense imaginable.<br />2.) Its high regard and place in cinematic history are assured, perhaps for all time.<br /><br />\\"Citizen Kane\\" is available on [[ASIN:B00003CX9E DVD]].<br /><br />Also recommended:<br /><br />The excellent HBO biopic about the creation of \\"Citizen Kane,\\" RKO 281 (1999) features Liev Schreiber's remarkable portrayal of the enigmatic boy-director. Co-stars John Malkovich as Welles' collaborator Herman Mankiewicz, also Melanie Griffith as actress Marion Davies and James Cromwell as newspaper czar William Randolph Hearst.  ([[ASIN:0783114591 VHS]])  ([[ASIN:0783116764 DVD]])<br /><br />Orson labored for many years to finish his superb adaptation of Shakespeare's OTHELLO (1952). After winning the prestigious Palme D'Or at Cannes, this film played in a limited number of American theaters, flopped badly, then disappeared. The long-presumed \\"lost\\" negative of \\"Othello\\" was finally located in New Jersey, in 1992. ([[ASIN:6302600367 VHS]])  [[ASIN:B000ALAT64 (DVD]])<br /><br />Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.<br /><br />(8.4) Citizen Kane (1941) - Orson Welles/Joseph Cotten/Ruth Warrick/Agnes Moorehead/Dorothy Comingore/Ray Collins/Philip Van Zandt (uncredited: Nat 'King' Cole/Alan Ladd/Herman Mankiewicz/Benny Rubin/Gregg Toland)son Welles/Joseph Cotten/Ruth Warrick/Agnes Moorehead/Dorothy Comingore/Ray Collins/Philip Van Zandt (uncredited: Nat 'King' Cole/Alan Ladd/Herman Mankiewicz/Benny Rubin/Gregg Toland)
B003KUSUG8|5.0|I always like to wait awhile before I write a review to make sure I truly like it. After listening to this album now for two weeks straight, I realize how amazing it is. I liked it from the start and haven't even come close to growing tired of it. It is one of those albums you buy and can listen to for a month without listening to anything else. Not very many albums can do that. I feel like Eminem has been more honest with himself in some of these songs than he has ever been. He recognized the lack of quality in Encore. Although I don't think the album sucked, it definitely lacked the greatness of SSLP, MMLP, and the Eminem Show. Personally I don't know why he is so hard on himself for Relapse. I liked that album just as much as the first three. But it was nice to see him get serious for an album. Although he is still hilarious in his punch lines, there is more of an overall theme of seriousness. If he continues into going in this direction in future albums as well, I think the sky is the limit for him. Now a song by song rating:    1. Cold Wind Blows: 8/10 Good song, hilarious lines, loved having it on the album. But it felt like it should have been the second song on the album instead of the first. His true introduction is the second song so I felt like they should have been switched.    2. Talkin' 2 Myself: 10/10 Although Eminem is known to be brutally honest of other people and has let us into the problems of his life, I felt this song was great because Eminem was critical of himself. With as much crap as he talks on everyone, it's nice to see him show respect to Lil' Wayne, T.I., and Kanye. I'm not going to lie though, I would have loved to hear him rip Kanye for the Taylor Swift incident. Plus Kobe's part in it is great so that was a bonus.    3. On Fire: 6/10 One of the two songs I sometimes skip over. Not really a bad song but it felt it was out of place on the album. Just wasn't a favorite.    4. Won't Back Down: 9/10 I actually like this song a lot. I've noticed a lot of people disliking this song and one person saying \\"by far the worst song on the album.\\" I think that is pretty much BS. If you listen to what he is saying and coming up with, it really shows and brings out his talent. Plus the radio turn down and turn back up thing was awesome and original. I love that part. Clever lyrics with a good beat. Maybe some people just can't keep up with what he's saying.     5. W.T.P.: 6/10 The other song I sometimes skip over on the album. It's a pretty comical song but with as serious as the album is overall it was almost out of place. Maybe would have been better on Relapse and could have definitely seen it on Encore. But again it's not a bad song. I like some of what he says. Favorite line: You got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car.    6. Going Through Changes: 10/10 One of my favorite songs on the album. I end up listening to this song a lot. He tends to do his best when he is most honest. I like the addition of Haley's voice. It's amazing. Enough said.    7. Not Afraid: 10/10 Great single for the concept of the album. Couldn't stop listening to this when it first came out a couple months ago. One of my favorite overall first singles for his albums. It's up there with My Name Is... and The Real Slim Shady. Not to mention it is his first serious first single which I think is good. It goes along with the idea that he isn't messing around anymore.    8. Seduction: 9/10 I seem to like this song a lot more than other people. It just seemed like a battle and I thought he really showed how he would destroy anyone who would challenge him. The line about the starstruck jaw stuck thing is great. I just thought this song was a good representation of how you don't want to mess with Eminem.    9. No Love: 8/10 I am not going to lie, I didn't like this song at first. This was the highly anticipated song with Lil' Wayne and I loved Drop the World. I was just looking for a faster beat. But the more I listen to it now the more I like it so I still feel like this song and I are getting to know each other.     10. Space Bound: 10/10 This is tied with being my favorite song on the album. I can listen to this song over and over again. I love the concept and the rhymes and the beat. It is just a well crafted song and has become one of my top Eminem songs overall.      11. Cinderella Man: 9/10 Great beat with great lyrics. There isn't anything I specifically want to talk about with this song but it is a great song. Another good representation how he's not messing around with his rhymes anymore.     12. 25 to Life: 10/10 This is the other song that is tied with being my favorite song on the album. Partly I feel like I connect a little with this song but I felt this was his best attempt at confronting Kim. The line \\"F you hip hop\\" trips me up so if anyone has any ideas please let me know. But just a great song in showing how Eminem has become an emotionally and mentally strong person. This song makes me respect him so much more than I already do.    13. So Bad: 9/10 I like this song but I see how some may say this is a filler song. I just like it personally so I'll give it a 9. I like the beat a lot. Nothing else to say about it but I like it    14. Almost Famous: 10/10 My favorite part about this song is the Ben Roethlisberger reference. Everyone knows what really happened and it shows how Eminem can still be serious while talking about current events. Good song    15. Love the Way You Lie: 10/10 This song brings out a lot of emotions and really illustrates the complications of relationships. I was excited to hear about the collaboration between Eminem and Rihanna and it met my expectations. Great song.    16. You're Never Over: 7/10 This is Eminem's true tribute to his best friend Proof. I didn't like this song as much as a lot of other people seem to. I respect the song and I like the lyrics, I just don't like Eminem's singing in the song. It kind of kills the rest of it and I get distractedby it. I wish he brought someone in to sing the hook or chorus or whatever he wanted. Maybe he just wanted it to be his own personal tribute without help, but I could have gone without the singing. But I'm not mad, even he knows he can't sing!    17. Untitled: 8/10 I like the song overall. Clever lines and well put together. I agree that it didn't need to be at the end but I mean honestly, its not as bad as some other misplaced songs. Like in Immortal Technique's long song \\"Dance with the Devil\\" where he has a little gap and keeps going. That was more unnecessary than this one. Good song, just could have gone somewhere else.    Definite songs to pay attention to: Space Bound, 25 to Life, Going Through Changes, and Love the Way You Lie
1424814901|4.0|Adam Sandler has been in some superb movies in recent years. [[ASIN:B0000DGKI6 PUNCH-DRUNK LOVE]] (2002) began the trend; his performance in [[ASIN:B000QFCCR8 REIGN OVER ME]] (2007) is in a word: amazing. Just slightly below these in quality are [[ASIN:B002PLPQLU FUNNY PEOPLE]] (2009) and CLICK.<br /><br />This is a modern entry in a genre that was quite popular in the 1930s-40s, the angel/devil/spirit fantasy. Here, Sandler (as Michael Newman) is given a universal remote from an eccentric salesman named Morty (Walken). The device allows Michael to replay his past or fast forward over unpleasant moments in his daily life. What he's not aware of is that in doing so one time, the remote automatically skips any similar events. Michael can't stop this from occurring. His life races by as a result and he never experiences more than disjointed episodes of it. (A later consultation with Morty reveals who he really is but doesn't resolve the remote control issue.)<br /><br />Sandler and the other main cast members do a fine job (watch for a riotous Rob Schneider cameo as Prince Habeeboo). The only flaw perhaps is an ending copout. The story very easily could've concluded darkly and actually had until a dreaded deus ex machina was pulled out of the cobwebbed clich&eacute; bag for your happily-ever-after ta da. A minor complaint however. Recommended.<br /><br />Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.<br /><br />(6.7) Click (2006) - Adam Sandler/Kate Beckinsale/Christopher Walken/David Hasselhoff/Henry Winkler/Julie Kavner/Sean Astin (uncredited: Rob Schneider/ James Earl Jones as narrator of Michael's past)
B003L0V758|5.0|Excellent Album. Very different from other artist not you're typical R&B artist. Her voice is amazing and very diverse.
B001TK8TJO|5.0|i have read this book twice now and my wife and I get so much from the truths that are written in plain english. it is easy to follow and insightful!
B0001I561E|5.0|My little girl loves Disney and I knew this was a good one she didnt have and we were unable to find in stores Amazon gives you the oppertunity to get Disney that are retired and I love it I still have a list to purchase.  The timelyness in delivery and the price for this product was very impressive
B000WQW988|5.0|For Starters this is quite the amazing concert. This is really more for deep Nirvana fans more so than the casual fan,as not alot of \\" big hits\\" are played. \\" Come as you are\\" being the most popular tune. It also features several covers.  Definitely a good purchase though.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|Besides the movie, that we all know is a very good movie, the special staff that comes here is awesome.  If you like the movie, you shall buy this special edition.
0307266303|5.0|This book is a must read for anyone who enjoys running, as a hobby, or a way of life.  It's hard to put it down!
B00026ZG10|1.0|This DVD lists as being in a wide-screen format which is only a half-truth.  The movie itself is in a wide-screen format but it sized into a 4:3 picture format.  If you watch this DVD on a wide-screen TV or full screen on a computer you will have black bars not only on the top and bottom of the picture but also on the sides.  For me this makes the movie unwatchable and is quite annoying considering the box says the format is 2:35:1 when it actually is 4:3.  You get this a lot with early generation DVDs so I can't complain too much but I just wanted to make note of the issue for others that are picky like myself.
B003ELOQCK|5.0|The boys were in a playful mood during this show it seems and what a great night to capture the heart of the 360 World Tour and the magestic claw! What a light show! Those of us die hard fans know U2 for who they are as human beings, not only the biggest band in the world.  Bono's soul was spilled out again here as he gives us the audience, his all. What can you say about the the claw other than it's a totally innovative uniquely U2 idea that no other entertainer or act has ever accomplished in the industry! They are ground breakers with a mission. Thank you Bono, Edge, Adam and Larry for this performance of a lifetime! This show felt meloncholy for me as the segway from the stellar UltraViolet---With or Without You felt like a permanent farewell to the character we all know as The Fly.  I hope this isn't the U2 farewell tour without announing a farewell.  Here's hoping for more great music from this band that really has changed the world with their music and heart!  WE LOVE U2!!!!
B00005JPUN|3.0|It's no wonder this film didn't do well.  Put it up there with The Happening, which also featured blank looking people walking like zombies.  (Filmmakers take note: blank looking people just aren't scary.) The Happening was slightly more compelling as was War of the Worlds - which this movie may remind you of.  Even with Nicole Kidman's (sliding) star appeal, and a dopey looking Daniel Craig - there isn't much to recommend this.  Far more suspenseful things await you on prime time TV than this.  This alien invasion is about as bad as a flu-borne virus in the air...<br /><br />2.5 stars
B00005NUZM|3.0|There really isn't anything wrong with this CD.  One thing that came from MJ being beaten every time he made a mistake when he was a child is that everything he did was flawless.  There are no oddities here, no missed notes, or the like -- every beat crisp and clear.<br /><br />But ...  Alas ... I've been spoiled.  I know the MJ that became the multimedia composer.  I saw \\"This Is It\\" and all his short films before I listened to this album.  I know the possibilities of the dance, 3D movies, aerialists, robots.  I know the magnificence of what his voice became after the extensive voice lessons.  And this is just music.  And what I really wanted to see was the full \\"This Is It,\\" the show that never was.<br /><br />Sigh.  I guess that's sort of an addictive response.  When you've had the bigger hit, you don't want to go back to the lesser one.<br /><br />Another problem is that I am more a fan of MJ's ballads than of his dance numbers. I'm not dancing much when I listen to music, and a lot of these are dance numbers -- good ones, but, perhaps I'm too old?<br /><br />There are some home demo versions on here, which are really cool.  The sound on the home demo versions is in some way more impressive, because it's just some young people in their home, including a jug no less -- and they sound just as exciting as the bigger group of professional musicians who recorded the released version, maybe more exciting.  It gives you a lot of respect for the talents of this family that just Randy and Janet, with Michael, could create such great sound.<br /><br />But still this is a great classic.  It's definitely worth a listen.
B001DTPZNY|4.0|This movie is something no Indiana Jones fan should miss, but sadly it's also a big disappointment - almost as bad as _Temple of Doom_.    So much is right about it. Catching up with Marian as well as Indy. Graying Indy fighting the Commies as young Indy fought the Nazis, with the tinges of discord between the independent hero and the monolithic government. Over-the-top stunts as always, even (obligatory in a 50s setting) a scene with a nuclear blast. Some wonderful fan-service stuff, like more about that giant warehouse at the end of Raiders.    Sadly, somewhere about 3/4 of the way through the movie, it takes a left turn into \\"George has no clue why some of his movies are so great\\" territory. If I could, I'd edit the DVD to switch from this movie to the final part of _Vibes_ ([[ASIN:B001LMAK74 Vibes]]) for a much much better treatment of what Indy should have found.    As it is, suddenly we get a bunch of Newage (rhymes with sewage) claptrap and babble. Cool 50s/90s retro Space aliens suddenly turn into transdimensional hippy versions of E.T.    It's sad.    But for all that the final part is terrible, there is so much good stuff, so much that really is in the vein of the original _Raiders_, that I still encourage folks who loved _Raiders_ and _Last Crusade_ to watch it at least once.
1433252953|5.0|Excellent story line, but different from TV show of the same name.  Fast moving and does not drag...pay attention to every word.
1573229725|2.0|First let me say it's difficult to give a detailed review without giving away the story so I will try to be clear and not include spoilers.<br /><br />I was really looking forward to reading this book. The storyline itself is in 3 sections. The first an account from Sue's POV, the 2nd Maud's and in the third is the conclusion. The story itself held so much promise and I could not put it down for the first section. Once I began the 2nd portion I became more and more frustrated as I went along. The author drones on and on of insignificant events and I found myself screaming at the book. This was a not a good sign. It was also a BAD sign when I started skipping pages to get ahead - again I felt they returned to London for far too long with no meat for us to hold onto.<br /><br />While I enjoyed the moody atmosphere of Victorian London and the beginning held me captive with a great twist, the rest of the book was so mediocre that I would not to recommend it to close friends/family. All in all I had to force myself to finish it while hoping the author would return to the beautifully composed style and focus she had in the first section. Subsequent chapters were lost on insignificant drivel that held no weight to the plot. When I finally finished I felt cheap and dirty. Not from the pseudo-pornography but more from the author's laziness and lack of vision . Again this book held so much promise but I really wish I had read other more worthy books in my `to be read pile' rather than waste my time on this nonsense.<br /><br />I'm getting tired of reading books that hold my attention until the end where they ultimately lose their way and the reader and I are left wondering who in the world would rate this 4 or 5 stars? Where are the good quality, CONSISTENT books?!
0618154248|5.0|We love Curious George!  We love board books because they're sturdy and this is a very sturdy book!
B002JVWR9U|5.0|This is a great show! I am a fan of the Twilight series as well but I feel that Twilight is more of a love story than it is about vampires. Vampire Diaries on the other hand brings in a love story and so much more. I am not a fan of the books but I am addicted to this show!
1847245455|1.0|It seems everyone in the world has read Stieg Larsson's \\"Millennium Trilogy.\\"  Everyone, that is, but me.<br /><br />\\"The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo,\\" and \\"The Girl Who Played With Fire,\\" the first two volumes, are currently on The New York Times paperback fiction best sellers list. The third book, \\"The Girl Who Kicked The Hornet's Nest,\\" is sitting at number two on this week's hardback fiction list.<br /><br />The series has made Larsson the second best-selling author of all time, behind Khaled Hosseini (\\"The Kite Runner\\" and \\"A Thousand Splendid Suns\\"), selling more than 27 million copies in more than 40 countries.<br /><br />Larsson (Aug. 15, 1954-Nov.  9, 2004) was a Swedish journalist and political activist who wrote the three books in his spare time. He died of a massive heart attack at age 50.<br /><br />I gave \\"The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo\\" (originally titled \\"Men Who Hate Women\\") my best shot, but I fell short. All I managed to finish was the first third and the last third of this  depressing, bleak story.<br /><br />In the book, Swedish investigative journalist Carl Mikael Blomkvist has been found guilty of slander and is facing jail time and a hefty fine.<br /><br />Corporate investigator and computer hacker Lisbeth Salander, dubbed a goth Pippi Longstocking with Asperger's Syndrome, teams up with Blomkvist to find a Swedish heiress gone missing some 36 years ago.<br /><br />I found the story depressing and the characters, save the missing heiress, too flawed to be interesting.<br /><br />Nothing is truly resolved at the end of \\"The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo.\\" The guilty go unpunished. The greed goes on unabated. The characters don't grow from their experiences. Nothing in the book compelled me to waste my precious free time with the second or third volumes.<br /><br />If I want sordid stories of incest, twisted violence against women and corporate corruption, I'll just turn on the nightly news.
B003JLA4KS|5.0|This was so well done. I am an admitted fan of the band but I think even a casual fan of their classic rock \\"hits\\" would be fully engaged watching this. Everything is put together with such judicious  tastes. The interviews are in depth without bogging the viewer down in one particular storyline or era. The concert footage is fun and not over produced. And what a great idea to gather \\"celebrity\\" opinions about the band from all different eras of rock and roll. I especially appreciated the Billy Corgan segments as Smashing Pumpkins were a fairly influential band for me a few years back. Since I have \\"grown up\\" time constraints now and stopped reading the music magazines and following the fan pages I honestly did not know ANY of this stuff about the band. Their early years, opinions, life experiences etc. So it was fascinating. The only negative I could come up with is not so much a criticism but more of a nature of the beast type complaint... And that is that some of the albums and eras kind of get a quick nod and glance with little in depth exploration. For instance there is little said about the Roll The Bones or Presto era...But really we are talking about a two hour documentary and covering, what, 24 albums? So decisions must be made. I would imagine most hard core Rush fans would love the movie to further explore their personal favorite era or album but I think they would agree with me that when you look at the movie as a whole...The whole narrative and experience is flawless. For instance, I can't imagine if the directors omitted ANY of the excellent and touching \\"Ghost Rider\\" segment about Neil's troubles for say a further look at Power Windows or Farewell to Kings? In summary, The directors really follow the spirit of Rush itself. They create something that is excellent, smart, has a lot of heart and a splash of humor to keep it on an even keel. Technically the bluray gave my 50'plasma and 5.1 surround system the workout it craved. The video and audio qualitywas perfect!     On a personal note, I grew up with their music as the soundtrack for my childhood and teenage years. I found this to be a wonderful experience and made me fall in love all over again with their music. But more than just wax nostalgic it really helped me see how amazingly contemporary their music still sounds and how well it holds up.     Great work!
B003J27WFW|5.0|If you are like me you've been inspired by the music of these geniuses for decades, but never really got that intimate look behind the scenes to see what makes these guys tick, you must have this.  This film does a great job of taking you through some great chronological moments in the band's career and each member's life.  It is great to see interviews with the parents of the men and a hilarious bit of footage with a teenage Alex Lifeson arguing with his parents on the merits of staying in high school vs. going out to play in a rock band.  The stepping through each of the albums was a good method for the movie and to hear these guys talk about how difficult their music is to really play (we who have tried know this), but they freely admit it themselves and admit to challenging their musical/instrumental abilities (and Ged's voice) to newer and greater heights was very enlightening.  Now I have to go see them at least three times on this current tour!
B001AVCFK6|5.0|As a fan of the original Star Trek series, and somewhat of the Next Generation, I was not sure what to expect of this movie. I had seen the trailers and thought it looked exciting, but new nothing more about it. I bought the BluRay DVD on a whim when purchasing another product from Amazon. Boy were we pleasantly surprised!<br /><br />The movie was certainly exciting and the special effects were outstanding. But more than that, the casting was exceptional and the story line had enough meat to keep us interested. The little references to the original series and the look into how the characters met and developed was so well done.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie and if you have a BluRay player this should be a must have to add to your library.
B0000073I5|5.0|This is one of those albums that only Genesis fans will put the effort in to find or buy, which is a shame because this is an album that almost anyone would really love. I've played it for a lot of my friends who have never heard Genesis and they all love it. If your on the fence about this album, think no longer, get it! You will thank yourself!
1400052173|5.0|One of the most interesting books I have read. Cells from this woman are   alive and thriving long after her death. Makes for a fascinating read.
B003ELOQCK|5.0|U2 never disappoints.  This wonderful band always delivers a fantastic show.  The music is right on......the performance impeccable.  Some wonderful \\"extras\\" make this set about as perfect as it gets.
B0025KW29U|5.0|This movie is absolutely incredible! I love the characters and the dry, witty humor. The songs are well written and very catchy! I've recommended this movie to several friends....check it out!
B002OLUPYO|5.0|This was amazing.... the tour edition was spectacular and well worth the cheep price. Ive listend to it countless times and the bonus music video DVD is an amazing feature...thank you for this product. Pink is truly amazing and a phenominal artist.
0385528752|5.0|In [[ASIN:0385528752 Switch: How to Change Things When Change Is Hard]], Chip Heath and Dan Heath give a road map for transforming an organization, a relationship, or a life.  The techniques that they describe are equally valuable whether one is the leader of a deeply entrenched business or non-profit or a person who recognizes the need to change personal habits.  To make this map clear, the Heaths employ a mix of psychology, sociology, and management science to lay out this plan.<br /><br />They use the analogy (which is not original to them) of an elephant and rider to explain why we do what we do.  The rider represents our intellectual/logical side and the elephant our emotional side.  The rider can control the elephant for short times and under ideal circumstances, but often the elephant simply does what it wants, leaving the rider with little control over the destination.  Thus, real change requires that we appeal to both the intellect and the emotion.<br /><br />To guide the rider, we do well to script our responses ahead of time.  We do not want to leave the rider guessing or contemplating.  That only paralyzes the rider and allows the elephant to take over.  To guide the elephant, we need to appeal to visuals and show that the proposed changes are not as large as the first appear.  We may also be able to coax the elephant by making incremental change.<br /><br />This analogy leaves out one final set of parameters which control change.  We need to make the path to change as clear and unobstructed as possible.  We make the right path obvious and we eliminate any roadblocks before the elephant encounters them.<br /><br />The analysis here is so clear.  Some of the principles may seem self-evident once they are described, but we often ignore them completely.  The Heath brothers show how they can be used to direct serious change in organizations and individuals.
B000002WPI|5.0|this album is a hot one. a must-have. it is truly a classic. all these songs hit them vocal points. and all beats are on key and top of the line. i love the whole entire album. track 1 is my favorite of all time. the beat is so amazing. i love the errie sound and the heavy bass. i also love the snapping of the fingers to add to the greatness,5/5. track 3 is a great piano-filled song. 5/5. track 4 another one of my favorites. i love the darkness and the piano adds a kick of timeless classic.5/5. track 5 another one of my favorites. it's dark, errie, and full of pazaaa. i love it. a must-have 5/5. track 6, another favorite of mine, one hot, banging song. 5/5. track 8 a timeless classic. 5/5. track 2,7,9,10,11,12 are classics too. in all no bad tracks. no off beats, no filler, just raw hip-hop at it's finest. 5/5, a-. if you don't have it. what are you waiting for. go out and get it.
B001HN694K|3.0|I watched this DVD & I was disappointed somewhat in the voices of the red queen & her consort.  I couldn't understand what they were saying.  I have high praise, however, for the protaganists, Johnny Depp & the leading lady.  It's really a movie for adults, not children unless they are miniature adults.  The Tim Birton effect, is as usual, dark & occasionally  humorous.  He is truly imaginative.  The makeup & background & the characters are wonderfully \\"Burtonish\\".
B0029LX2LC|5.0|I've always had massive respect for the Roots but its been about 10 years (Things Fall Apart) since I bought I Roots album that I wanted to listen to over and over again (Game Theory was pretty good but still didn't hook me in).  This album is incredible musically and lyrically and has a bunch of great guest spots (Blu kills it on 2 tracks).  I'm thinking that perhaps working on the Late Night Show gave them a lot of time together in which they refined and updated their style more.      The songs are intelligent but catchy (pop but in a good way), most of the songs have a lot of melody and singing. 'Now or Never', 'How I Got Over', 'The Fire' all get stuck in my head a lot.  I would say Web 20/20 is the only song that I could pass over much on this album.  Congrats to the Roots on a great album, and I'll definitely be checking them out when the get over to DC.  Highly recommended.
B002QGUFWE|5.0|I am not a typical Lada Gaga fan. I am a 55 year old straight married male. I am not even a very musical person-I don't listen to a lot of music, never have. I used to have  job that required a lot of driving, and I found that news and talk radio were better friends than music.    So when I heard some catchy tunes, and found out who did them, I was shocked. I had a negative impressions of Gaga, think her another Madonna/Britney bubble gum popping attention-seeking clone. Boy, was I wrong.    IMO, Gaga is vastly superior to them. Gaga started out as a music writer, writing songs for Britney and others, before getting some breaks and getting her own music out there. She has spent more than 20 years playing the piano, and worked her way into the spotlight. She attended a prestigious music school in New York, but dropped out to make her own music. The variety of her music (compare Teeth to Boys, Boys, Boys) blows her competition out of the water. She also refuses to lip-sync shows. She has said in multiple interviews that singers should sing-that what the fans came to hear, and to do otherwise is a rip-off of the fans.    As to the album, it's great. Buy and enjoy.
0307341550|4.0|The narrator, Camille Preaker, is drinking hard in a bar in her hometown, writing over and over again in her notebook, \\"sick place, sick place.\\" She'd like to carve the words with a knife on her skin. She's been sent to this town of 2,000 by the Chicago Daily Post to cover the murder of two little girls.<br /><br />Camille has spent thousands of hours in therapy trying to get over her issues, all of which were born and nurtured in Wind Gap, Missouri. But her insider's knowledge of this unpleasant little town is just what's needed to make for great reporting. Or so her editor thinks.<br /><br />And so Camille goes back into the bosom of what must be one of the world's most dysfunctional families: A mother who only likes her children when they're sick. A manipulative, drugged-up thirteen-year-old half-sister. Another half-sister whose death no one can get over. And an odd nonentity of a stepfather.<br /><br />The family is filthy rich from the profits of hog breeding and butchering. The pigs are treated even worse than most of the inhabitants of Wind Gap seem to treat each other.<br /><br />For all her emotional problems, Camille is a hard-working reporter determined to do a good job. She does, however, get a bit distracted by the good-looking Kansas City detective who's been sent to lead the investigation. It's interesting to watch their relationship heat up as they try to pump each other for information.<br /><br />This is definitely a compelling debut novel - a tantalizing mystery offering several convincing murder suspects from among a disturbed populace. I find Camille is a little too self-destructive and self-loathing to be a comfortable companion for 252 pages, but I'd recommend the book to readers with a taste for dark psychological thrillers.
B001E75QH0|5.0|My son had started playing Lego Indiana Jones on Wii with his daddy and was so into it.  We decided he would probably enjoy watching the movies too.  He is only 5 and they are all he wants to watch.  He likes to dress up and be him while he watches the movies.  Too cute!
1439102813|3.0|\\"Still Alice\\" is compelling in its depictions of the ravages of Alzheimer's disease, yet there are some problems with being able to invest fully in Alice herself. First, all she's done in 49 years is implausible. She had her children during the years she should have been in grad. school. It is hardly possible for her to have been a Harvard professor for 25 years, a fact often mentioned, because she had one child, should have been pregnant with another, and still had one to go (at 27). A nod is made toward her husband's faster progression through the system because he wasn't having the babies, but I could just never get past the virtual impossibility of her achieving what she had both personally and professionally. I'd have found Alice more believable if she were in her late 50s.    The novel is rich in clinical detail and it is nightmarish. Alice is diagnosed unrealistically quickly, however. (The author notes in the interview following the story that this is the way it \\"should be.\\") Her decline is precipitous, and sometimes that does happen. But then we have to get back to the characters, and the weakness in telling the story entirely from Alice's perspective is that we don't get to know anyone else well at all, not even her husband, John. He seems rather shallow and uncaring overall. Her children are one-dimensional, as well. Bratty Lydia (to be fair Alice seems to like her the least because of her rejection of a traditional education and a career path in the arts) changes almost magically into the most devoted of the children. The son doesn't seem to do much but require emotional support himself. And the elder daughter and her husband seem least real of all. Maybe that's not supposed to matter, but to me, it does.    Finally, the author's background as a scientist is useful in exploring the pathology of Alice's illness, but as a writer, her clinical prose is clumsy too much of the time. For example, a beloved heirloom necklace Alice owns is described more than once as \\"touching the top of her sternum.\\" \\"Sternum\\"? Really?    Overall, I do recommend the novel, but I don't think I'll be anxiously awaiting Genova's sophomore attempt at fiction.
159668139X|4.0|I purchased Learning to Weave to help me set up and use my grandmother's old table top loom. While this book deals with more complicated set ups, it still explains the basics.  I hope to someday get one of the more complicated looms so this book will be a good reference guide.  The one reason it didn't get 5 stars from me is it does tend to get wordy when giving instructions.<br />The explanations given with each step are fine but when one is reading while doing it would be much easier if a step-action instruction were given instead of long paragraphs of prose.<br />Another help would be more diagrams.<br /><br />But for its small faults, this is one of the better books on beginning to weave that I've seen.
B001GKJ2FM|4.0|The Movie was a lot of fun!  Definitly not what I was expecting, but so much more!
B001EN1R2M|5.0|Too Fast For Love was originally released in 1981 on Motley Crue's own Leathur Records.  It was re-released by Elektra Records in 1982.  This album is the Crue's first.  The album has a certain quality of sound that's hard to describe.  It is raw, heavy, and powerful, but at the same time some of the instruments' sound/volume in a lot of places is low, then it's high, etc.  This is not a bad thing, I'm just pointing out the unique sound of this album.  In fact, it's a good thing.  Nikki Sixx's bass has a very \\"smooth\\" sound to it, helped by the relatively low noise of the rest of the music.  The bass and drums dominate on most of the songs.  Mick Mars' guitar is low volume in some songs, high volume in others.  Tommy Lee uses a cowbell on a few of the songs.  Vince Neil sings well on this album.<br /><br />As far as hard rock albums go, this is as raw of a sound as you'll hear.  The music is not \\"polished\\" or \\"crystal clear\\" with top-of-the-line production.  That's what I like most about the album.  It's very basic.  Now about the songs...<br /><br />Live Wire is a Crue classic that they play at every concert.  One of the great hard rock songs of all time.  Come On And Dance rocks with an aggressive beat and guitar riff.  Public Enemy #1 is one of my favorites.  Very melodic with a driving beat.  Merry-Go-Round is one of the best tunes on this album.  A combination of power and finesse.  Take Me To The Top is another melodic song.  Piece Of Your Action has a riff similar to Ted Nugent's \\"Dog Eat Dog\\".  Good powerful song.  I like the guitar and bass on Starry Eyes.  The title track is another classic that the band has started to play more often at concerts.  On With The Show is a little bit slower, but is another good combination of power and finesse.<br /><br />The bonus tracks are very good.  I've never understood why Toast Of The Town never made it onto the original album.  It's one of my favorites on this album.  The song Tonight is another good one.  The alternate take of Too Fast For Love is just as good as the original.  I like the vocal intro to the song.  Stick To Your Guns is yet another good song.<br /><br />This is one good album.  It's quite different from the band's later material, but it's good, bottom line.  This is a good album to start your Crue collection with.  This, Shout At The Devil, Theatre Of Pain, and Saints Of Los Angeles.or Love is just as good as the original.  I like the vocal intro to the song.  Stick To Your Guns is yet another good song.    This is one good album.  It's quite different from the band's later material, but it's good, bottom line.  This is a good album to start your Crue collection with.  This, Shout At The Devil, Theatre Of Pain, and Saints Of Los Angeles.
B003J27WFW|5.0|There isn't too much I can add to what's already been said so well here.    If you're a rock music fan that wants to watch a fascinating and very well-made documentary about a classic band who didn't implode, end up hating each other, succumb to substance abuse, or stop writing good material back in 1978, this is a great film.    If you like Rush at all (and maybe still have that copy of Moving Pictures somewhere in your collection), you must see this.    If you're a true fan, you must own this!    The archival concert footage, and the interviews with Geddy, Alex, and Neil (and their parents!) are my favorite sections. One of the best music documentaries I've seen in a long time, one that will be well worth repeat viewings.
B002ZG97RE|1.0|Thought this was going to be a good movie, really was disappointed with this.  The story never really got going, I kept waiting for the dime to drop, never did.  Rent this only, do NOT buy it.
B002ZG9828|2.0|A total waste of two great acting talents, Josh Brolin and John Malkovich, Jonah Hex gets mired in an awkward mess of a script, CGI over-dependence and a plot that feels more like an episode of The X-Files meets Wild Wild West than \\"Revenge Gets Ugly,\\" the movie's tag line.<br /><br />When Dr Loveless...I mean Quentin Turnbull (Malkovich) decides he wants to find the \\"Nation Killer\\" weapon to nuke President Grant in some sort of Confederate Resurrection plot, the man Turnbull tortured and forced to watch the murder of his wife and child, Confederate Soldier Hex (Brolin) out of 'retirement' to track his old nemesis down. However, Hex has an extra talent via the Crow Indians who brought him most of the way back from the dead; he can talk to corpses once he touches them. If Hex can stop the plot, he will be a free man and forgiven his Confederate and murderous bounty hunter sins. So, OK, a pretty good premise.<br /><br />But the movie is paced so choppily that its very tough to follow. Both Hex and Turnbull are played in a dry and droll manner, leaving Michael Fassbender to pick up the slack as the sole character to show any sparks. There are some interesting cast members here (Aidan Quinn as President Grant, and both Will Arnett and Tom Wopat are involved), but again, the convoluted script leaves little room for characther development. Megan Fox is here, playing a monochromatic prostitute with a soft spot for Hex. After watching this stillborn mess of a movie, she's probably the only one left who does.
B0032KNA4I|2.0|I thought this movie looked pretty cool, and had potential. I was rather heavily disappointed.  While the story is good, and the effects very good, the cheese in this thing is over-ripe, and incessant. One million times throughout people escape disaster with less than a half second to spare, what the hell is that?  At least give us an inkling that this could be realistic please. Apparently film execs take the movie going public to be brainwashed half-assed thrill seekers, and in many cases are quite right, but the oohs and aahs that they think are gold in this pic are more like ooh I am going to puke if you do it again within the next minute.  They do it four times more. `Nuff said?
B001C08RHA|4.0|This movie was purchased primarily as a gift.  Viewed it with my son, had a blast!  He wanted to see it, but was ill when the movie was playing in the theaters.  We are going to go see Iron Man II tomorrow night!
030726999X|5.0|I felt sad when I completed the book that there would not be any more. Steig Larsson was able to capture your attention, keep you riveted, and leave you longing to know what would evolve in the future. Lisbeth is a strong and resourceful character that despite the horrific events in her life does not succumb to being a victim.
B003E48AYC|5.0|Alice in Wonderland is another hit for Burton. Johnny Depp is again excellent as the Mad Hatter. Everything about the movie was so enjoyable I didn't want it to end. Amazing film making.
B002NOAF9W|5.0|I have been a fan of this album since day 1 of it's release. This performance captures the Stones at their performing best. The Blu-Ray gives this disk exceptional picture and sound. The B.B. King and Ike and Tina Turner inclusions in this edition make it all the more attractive.
030726839X|3.0|This is not, in itself, a bad book, although in many instances a bore to read. It is NOT a biography of Churchill during WW2, nor is it a chronicle/description of its main events.  It is a book on the minutiae, the unimportant events, many times regarding the everyday living of Churchill and so many other characters, of small talk to or from secretaries. Definitely not up to the standards to which Max Hastings has accustomed us.   Even being myself some kind of mashochistic reader who thinks he has to finish every book he starts, I have finally settled to read only the chapters which seem, a priori, most interesting to me. This is an unnecesarily long book.
B002UXRGM0|2.0|A big disappointment to me, this is what nature shows have come to???<br />First the lumping together of Reptiles and Amphibians, where reptiles are closer to birds in the animal family tree.<br />Second the complete omission of turtles in that episode, and the dwelling on the slow and tedious komodo dragons hunting.<br />Third the Deep sea creatures episode, where very little of it was deep sea and most of it was mollusks, why not call it mollusks and their kin?<br />Fourth the Hunter and Hunted episode, what family group is that?<br />And lastly the monkeys and apes episode. what haven't we seen of monkeys and apes?  why dedicate a whole episode to them when entire family groups are totally ignored?<br />The plant episode was very well done I must admit, and the komodo dragons were interesting but too much airtime was given to the slow killing of the ox.<br />Coming from the Life on Earth / Living Planet / In Cold Blood / Blue Planet people this is pretty insulting. Dumbing down nature shows is just wrong.
030726999X|5.0|In the first book, she does have a dragon tattoo and in the second one, she did play with fire, so where is the hornet's nest in this one? That turned out to be a metaphor detailed in the closure of Salander's saga. Excellent and poignant.
B0036V4DGC|5.0|I actually was interested in finding a DVD featuring the music of Alan Parsons, and I could never find anything. All of a sudden this DVD came out, and it is rock solid. A band in fine form, a great selection of songs (although I would have loved a version of Ammonia Avenue), just a great DVD. Nothing fancy about this one. No big stage show, or great graphics, just a solid performance. Some great tracks: Time, Prime Time, Dr. Tarr and Professor Fether, I wouldn't wanna be like you... and a very interesting fact: all of the band takes a lead vocal (with the exception of the keyboard player), and they do renditions of classic vocal performances by great vocalists.    If you like Alan Parsons Project at all, this is a must have!
B00006AW2O|5.0|12X5 is an interesting album for several reasons. First, it contains their six earliest stereo tracks, all in excellent sound quality. Second, it's the first album that really had to be put together, as their debut album basically consisted of a selected part of their live reportoire.    The album contains seven covers, three Jagger/Richards songs, and two Nanker Phelge songs (band compositions). By this time, their covers were mostly still better than their originals, but \\"2120 South Michigan Avenue\\" is a very nice instrumental, and \\"Empty Heart\\" is not bad either. \\"It's All Over Now\\", their first UK #1 hit, is one of the highlights of the album, and while \\"Time Is On My Side\\" is also very good, an even better version can be found on the UK album \\"The Rolling Stones No. 2\\", as well as several compilations.    All in all, the album makes for a very nice listen and is well worth the price.
B001FB55L2|1.0|1.  Obviously I'm way in the minority here, but this movie was a total dud and worse than that, completely offensive to me.  First of all, the acting... specifically Toby--> the dude was like a robot.  Did \\"Spiderman\\" ever go to acting school?  He wouldn't survive one day in the real Marines, let alone be a Captain in the USMC.  I mean, his portrayal was a complete farce.  His depiction of PTSD... again, the typical leftist interpretation of those who go to war and come back--> ie raving lunatics.<br /><br />2.  The worst thing about this movie was the overt statement that a soldier, an American soldier would not only turn on his own 'brother\\" but would actually kill him.  The reality is that US military history is replete with the exact opposite of what was portrayed in this movie-> ie heroism to the point of sacrificing oneself for others.<br /><br />3.  The only worse than this complete dud of a movie is realizing the hordes of brain washed drones out there who actually like this movie...
B003ICWTR4|5.0|As a long time Springsteen fan, I've attended more than a few concerts, and own all of the released video's of his concerts. This one stands out from all the rest. Not only is it shot in high def, with high quality sound, I would challenge anyone to view the +/- 3 hours and note a single mistake; the band was playing at the highest level possible, and it's one of those events that makes it feel like you were there, from the comfort of your own living room. This is a must have DVD for any Springsteen fan!!!
B0036S4CTS|4.0|This is a reader's book. Although the characters are flawed, the naarative and dialogue are pitch perfect.
B003JYOFIW|4.0|After a series of underwhelming albums in the late 80's and 90's, I was worried that a Devo comeback might prove to be a misfire. But with `Something For Everybody', I can safely say Devo are back, and just as relevant as ever.    For some reason, there seems to be several different versions of the album with slightly different track listings. Try to pick up a version containing `Watch Us Work It'; the driving, relentlessly catchy song that put them back on the map a couple of years ago. Whichever version you get, the highlights of the album include the infectious singles `Fresh' and `Don't Shoot (I'm A Man!)'. Other good songs include the poignant `No Place Like Home' (which clearly references `Beautiful World') plus `What We Do', a slightly ironic statement of purpose in the mould of `Through Being Cool'.     The reason the album works so well is because it gets the balance right:    * It gets the balance right between ear candy and serious commentary. As with the best Devo albums, there is some quite biting social satire here underneath the catchy rhythms and bright synths.     * It gets the balance right between old and new. Musically, there are plenty of deliberate retro stylings, but the satirical lyrics are updated to cover 21st century concerns (terrorism, climate change, the financial crisis, President Obama, hybrid cars...). So while it's familiar music, it never seems like just a rehash.     * And, finally, unlike their over-polished albums from the mid 80's on, the production gets the balance right. The reference point is clearly `Freedom Of Choice' and `New Traditionalists', with prominent synths but also plenty of organic guitar, bass, and drums present in the mix. The album sounds more like the work of a full band than anything since `Oh No...'.    Some might feel that the deliberately retro production grates on them, and there's probably not much here to convince those who aren't already fans. But if you're a dedicated Devo lover, you'll definitely want to get your hands on `Something For Everybody'. Familiar, yet contemporary, Devo have pulled off the old trick of remaining relevant and challenging while still giving fans the old-school sound they love. They're back!
B003L45JLW|5.0|First of all the music is great. Mike Campbell's guitar playing really stands out throughout the whole disc. He's normally somewhat buried in the mix on Petty albums but not this time. My wife and I both sat listening to this on a very good deftech surround system and between songs we both kept commenting how great the music sounded. The surround mix is pretty transparent, you know it's there but it never jumps out from behind you. Maybe a little too transparent for my tastes but still well done. The bluray sound quality is excellent too. I also own the Neil Young Archives on bluray and was very disappointed in the lack of surround. And like the Neil Young bluray you can download all the songs for free and in several different high quality formats. I own well over 100 surround SACD and DVD Audio discs and was extremely disappointed when the record labels abandoned the formats. So I'm very thankful to Tom Petty for this release and hope more artists follow his lead.
0307454541|5.0|Typically I am not one to run out and pick up the latest NY Times Bestseller. I don't know why, maybe it's literary snobbery, but I often suspect these bestsellers as being mediocre popular fiction that is a fast page turner, but isn't necessarily prose genius. Granted, I read many bestsellers, I just don't base my reading list around them, and I tend to pick them up with caution. I've had a few experiences when I hate the books that won acclaim. For example, The Black Book by Orham Pamuk was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature, and I could not get through it. The Time Traveler's Wife, by Audrey Niffenegger was just upsetting, not enjoyable. There's something about reading what everyone else is reading that makes me suspicious. I guess I just don't trust the taste of the general populace to match my own.<br /><br />So, I was more than a little wary when my book club wanted to read The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, by Stieg Larson, with #1 National Bestseller emblazoned across it's neon yellow cover. And for the fact that I have seen no less than 1 person reading it on every vehicle of public transit I have taken in the past month.<br /><br />I picked it up, and the first 3 chapters were difficult to get through at best. I was worried. Then, by Chapter 4, I was so totally hooked that I could not put the book down for the next week until I finished it. I stopped watching tv after work, and just went home to read more. I fought people for seats in the subway, and had an extremely difficult time putting it down once I reached my stop. It was, quite frankly, the best murder mystery I've read in a long time, and I was sucked in by suspense. Now, a week later I am halfway through the second book, in what I discovered is a trilogy (YAY!), but the second of only three books that author wrote before his death (NOOOO!!!). I suppose I couldn't sustain this high pace of reading for too long, but with summer coming up, I am rather devastated that after book 3 I will no longer have an exciting beach read lain out before me.<br /><br />The story is centered around Lisbeth Salander, a social outcast who has a photographic memory, an uncanny ability to trace the most minute aspects of other people's lives, and an unpredicatable temper that makes her fascinating. The other main protagonist is Mikael Blomkvist, a journalist/ladies man who is seemingly irresistible to all women. It's not too often that you get a male-female main character pair, and the two work together perfectly. I won't betray too many of the details to ruin the plot---half the fun is figuring out what it's all about--but the first book revolves around two industrial giants: The Vanger clan and Mr. Wennerstrom. The Vanger family is expansive and full of evil secrets. Wennerstrom is an evil genius who seeks to undo Blomkvist's journalistic success. All four players become inextricably intertwined and climax into a battle of the powerful that will surprise you even after the mystery is mostly solved.<br /><br />All I can say is pick it up. ASAP. Check out more book reviews on my blog: [...]each read lain out before me.    The story is centered around Lisbeth Salander, a social outcast who has a photographic memory, an uncanny ability to trace the most minute aspects of other people's lives, and an unpredicatable temper that makes her fascinating. The other main protagonist is Mikael Blomkvist, a journalist/ladies man who is seemingly irresistible to all women. It's not too often that you get a male-female main character pair, and the two work together perfectly. I won't betray too many of the details to ruin the plot---half the fun is figuring out what it's all about--but the first book revolves around two industrial giants: The Vanger clan and Mr. Wennerstrom. The Vanger family is expansive and full of evil secrets. Wennerstrom is an evil genius who seeks to undo Blomkvist's journalistic success. All four players become inextricably intertwined and climax into a battle of the powerful that will surprise you even after the mystery is mostly solved.    All I can say is pick it up. ASAP. Check out more book reviews on my blog: [...]
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I've loved this show for years and wondered when it would finally come out on DVD.  This set is great - it includes all five seasons, plus the two full-length Daria movies and the quality is excellent.  A very worthy purchase!
B000LC55F2|3.0|\\"The Prestige\\" was made in 2006 and the time the action starts is the dawn of the 20th Century.  The story is about the obsession between rival magicians Robert Angier (Hugh Jackman) and Alfred Borden (Christian Bale) who endeavor to reveal each other's secrets.  The competition escalates and the two illusionists start performing riskier tricks that turn deadly.<br /><br />The ending is just not expected or satisfying.  The complexity of the movie requires the audience to hang on every word and scene.  Overall the movie is interesting, sometimes thrilling and exciting, and worth the watch.  Scarlett Johansson, Michael Caine and David Bowie also star in this movie about the dark-side of magic
B001UV4XFG|1.0|I am a HUGE fan of Twilight, but for some reason this movie fell short for me. I absolutely adore the first two-I felt the directors really got the feel of the books. I CANNOT understand how anyone could prefer this movie to the others-unless they are not coming from a book perspective.     This one...not so much.    First, the soundtrack was awful. New Moon had a beautiful and moody score and some songs that I wanted to listen to after the movie. The songs in this one were distracting and there was nothing pretty or atmospheric about the score (which really surprised me; I love Howard Shore's Lord of the Rings score).     Second, this director had Jacob as an angry character, and didn't show any other side to him. Bella was to wishy washy not really nice to either Jacob or Edward, and  Edward looked like he was begging after an uninterested person the whole time, though Edward had some great moments (particularly the tent scene, and his fight with Riley and Victoria).    Third, certain characters changed to much. I didn't like the recasting of Victoria, they shouldn't be changing actors 3 movies in. Jasper suddenly developed some strange accent 3 movies in as well.     Lastly and worst of all, the tacked on ending was horrific. Bella explaining to the theaters with a phony speech about fitting in with the Vampires world and it was never a choice between Edward and Jacob. Huh? Did this director even see New Moon? It just seemed like a way for the filmmakers to try and make Bella look like a strong female character, which she isn't (and that's ok).    There were some good things, like I mentioned the fight with Edward/Victoria/Riley/Seth. The cgi wolves were really cute and expressive. I also thought Riley was excellent, great casting and acting there. Maybe fans seeing this without having been a fan of the book series will feel differently, or maybe it's just person taste. I wanted to love it, but just didn't.
0307341569|4.0|Seriously, what goes on in Gillian Flynn's head? She writes the freakiest stuff. Sharp Objects was nasty enough, and Dark Places is just as vile. Luckily for her, I (along with millions of people) like vile now and then.<br /><br />Libby Day is a sole survivor of a horrendous massacre. Her mother and two sisters were brutally killed one winter night and, mostly thanks to Libby's testimony, the murders were attributed to Libby's older brother Ben, an alleged active Satan worshiper. Now, almost 25 years later, 32-year old Libby is out of money that has been donated to her by well-wishers over the years and must look for a new source of income. She settles on helping the Kill Club (a group of obsessed women who believe in Ben's innocence) to re-investigate the murders, for money of course. As Libby starts talking to various people involved in the original investigation at the Kill Club's request, her strong belief in Ben's guilt starts wavering...<br /><br />I am fairly certain now that Gillian Flynn's \\"schtick\\" is writing about VERY BAD women. We are presented with an array of them in Dark Places - they lie to get attention, they abuse, they blackmail, they mooch, they kill, they are weak and pathetic. It is, no doubt, a novel approach to women empowerment. If women are equal to men, they can be equally despicable, right? The men are no better - they are good-for-nothing losers mostly. What I am getting at is that you can hardly find any likable characters in this book, which for many readers is a must (not me though).<br /><br />The story itself is gruesome. Prepare yourself for brutal killings, molestation, bullying, Satan worshiping, drugs and underage sex. Some parts are so tough to read, I had to put the book aside for awhile.<br /><br />But underneath the filth, there is a great mystery - well-paced, suspenseful, full of red herrings, it keeps you guessing until the very last moment who the perpetrator is.<br /><br />Just like Sharp Objects, this book is absolutely not for everybody. But I thoroughly enjoyed this freaky thriller and will wait with anticipation for the release of Gillian Flynn's next macabre mystery.ely not for everybody. But I thoroughly enjoyed this freaky thriller and will wait with anticipation for the release of Gillian Flynn's next macabre mystery.
B000N3T0DW|5.0|This is my favorite Penelope Cruz movie.   It is honest, funny, full of suspense, and very human.  If you dont mind the subtitles, (some of my friends wont even watch if they have to read) it is a four-star movie.
B002UXRH10|3.0|Sounds like all of her other cd's.  I like maybe 5 songs.  Rude boy is my favorite song on this cd as it is great to get my hyped when I workout.
B0024FAR5W|5.0|This is a very good television show, it has good acting, writing, and guest stars.  I watch this on FX and am hoping to buy Season 2 as soon as the price drops on it. There really isn't much more I can add to the review.
B00009R6H2|4.0|I needed an other adapter plate so I could change quickly to my lens that is lens mounted, requiring me to stop take the plate off the camera and put it on the lens. It took so much time I would just not use the bigger lens. Now I can switch easily, saving a lot of time and effort. Now if I could just get the quick release to work properly.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Today was the first day I tried the 30 Day Shred and omg. It was a butt kicking work out. I was really worried that I wouldnt have felt like I accomplished anything but i really feel like i accomplished a lot in twenty minutes. I cant wait to keep going with this!
B002RAREAK|5.0|Usher is back and he didn't dissapoint.  I was not feeling the techno sounds at first but now they are some of my favorite workout tracks.  This cd is well worth the money and it has a nice mix of emotions connected to it.
B003KUSUG8|5.0|aight soooo basically this album is the return of Marshal Mathers to the music scene. Slim Shady was left completely off this album and thank heavens for that. Relapse was all Slim. and we all know how that worked out. Eminem is back in full force on this cd. if you were one of the people who loved songs like mockingbird, haileys song, lose yourself, sing for the moment, till i collapse, when im gone, and cleaning out my closet, then this is the cd for you.    Despicable - ok so maybe this song wasnt really on the album, who cares? its amazing. Eminem spits some of the best rymes youve ever heard from him here. and he does it ontop of Drake's Over. I dont think Em was trying to degrate Drake by doing that. i think he was putting him in his place.    Cold Wind Blows - The best into to an album that ive heard in forever. The song starts with Em singing a little ditty that owns the haters. the rest of the song is Em being clever and bashing on celebrities and other people. classic comical Eminem here.    Talking to Myself - ok so oi personally prefer to hear Eminem sing then any of theother people on any of his album. so all i have to say is it would have been better if Em sang more on the chorus, im not hating on Kobe, he did great and its still a great song. i just love  me some Em. Other then that its on eof the best songs on the album, really emotionally driven and em does a great job, like always, spitting.    On Fire - ok this is probably my least favorite song on the album. the flow is good, but the beast are kinda lame and so are the lyrics, esp the chorus. i think it was on purpose. Em does do a good job spitting here but its not my fav.    Wont Back Down - I know i said On Fire was my least favorite songs, but i forgot about this one. the beats really suck, i cant stand how the guitar and drums are. and Pink could have done a much better job. i think her lyrics and the way she sings on this song are really lame. she does soo good on her own music, shes alwaysemotionally driven in her voice and her lyrics and i think on this song she sounds kinda bored.    W.T.P. - ok well to start the song is called White Trash Party. really? its a decent song, its funny and it sounds like there is a point to the song, its not just Em Sayin random stuff. its entertaining, not the worst. i still enjoy listening to it.    Going Through Changes - ok i personally think its awesome that Em sampled Ozzy on this. i think it works amazing and then with Ems emotional llyrics. awesome song.    Not Afraid - good song, it almost has a techno feel to it. its good. some cheesy lines, but over all a good song.    Seduction - so this song took a while to grow on me, the only problem i had with it was the chorus. then i got over it and now really enjoy it. its about Em bein an amazing rapper and takin dudes chicks from em because of it. which is true. id leave someone for Em.    No Love - the sample of what is love is enough to make this song is enough to make it good, ontop of that it flows well, Em hands Waynes ass to him in the verses, and Wayne still kills it.    Spacebound - ok so this isnt one of the best songs on the album, its really good though. its a slow one and the lyrics are great. i just wish Em had done the singing on the chorus.     Cinderella Man - Very similar to Till i Collapse. Awesome song, Eminem spits like a superhero and the beats are moving.     25 to Life - i like this ong because of its ambiguity. at first you think that its about a girl, but then as the song progresses you see that its about Em's relationship to the rap game. he does a great job on the lyrics on this one and it definately kills.    So Bad - its a jokey song, not horrible. comical with no real meaning. eh song but i never skip past it cuz its funny.    Almost Famous - i love this on, its got a dark earie feel to it. its about Ems rise to fame. Em does and awesome job spitting and the chick on the chorus does an awesome job just cuz its creepy.    Love the WayYou Lie - one of the best songs on the album. its about domestic violence, and i think they picked the best to people possible to sing about it. some people say that Rihanna out shines Em on this onr but they are dead wrong. Em kills every one of his verses with his lyrics and the emotion that he puts into them. ontop of that, the acoustic guitar in the background with the beats gives it an amazing feel. great song.    Your Never Over - everyone knows its a Proof tribute. and its awesome to hear Em be so emotional about something. and yea he does to a terrible job singing on the chorus but i still love it.     Untitled - i think he could have picked a better song to end the album, but its good. Em kills it on the spitting on this one. just like he did on underground off of relapse. definately worth the listen    yea Em is back. and he kills it just like he used to. thankfully there are no stupid little voices in this and we are all happy about that. every song is worth listening to and even buying. i bought the cd twice because i wanted to have a hard copy of it after i bouth it and listened to it on itunes. you should too. thank you have a nice day
B0038QMREA|5.0|I kind of stumbled onto The Tallest Man on Earth by accident a few weeks ago.  Watched some YouTube videos, and immediately went on here and ordered this album.  He didn't disappoint.  \\"King of Spain\\" has quickly become one of my favorite songs, and I think I could listen to \\"A Thousand Ways\\" all day.  Just... absolutely great.    Also, if anyone is interested, I found that you can get his first album \\"Shallow Grave\\" as well as his self-titled EP on CDBaby.
0553582038|3.0|I won't say A Feast of Crows is a bad book. GRRM is a fantastic writer. Sentence to sentence he's better than 95% of fantasy writers. He creates characters full of life and depth. None of that changes in Feast.     The real gist of the book is thrust onto the shoulders of Jaime and Cersei. We've never had a chapter from the POV of Cersei. She is, by far, the most repulsive character in the series. GRRM to his credit manages to build some sympathy for her. She could have been pulled straight from Shakespeare. A woman seeking power and respect in a man's world, who is driven to evil as the only means to gain it. She makes several moves that push the story forward; but again, this could have been handled in half the time. On the other hand, Jaime, probably the most interesting and likeable character in Feast, is given nothing to do. He sits around and feels bad about being ineffectual until the end of the novel, when he finally does a few things.    What's lacking is significant plot development. Not just of the overall conflict in the series, but also in the characters. Sansa's story, for example, could have been covered in one chapter. No kidding. Yet here she gets several chapters. The last one nearly bored me for tears. Brienne suffered much the same fate. GRRM sends her on a pointless quest to nowhere. The characters in the Iron Islands and Dorne fare the same. GRRM merely wastes a multitude of chapters on nothing, merely setting up the truly important adventures they'll embark on in future books. GRRM has covered similar plot points in ONE PARAGRAPH. Yet very little of significance happens in Feast. Readers may remember the two wedding chapters from A Storm of Swords. Those two chapters completely changed the course of the series, yet GRRM cannot do in a whole book what he did in two chapters.    It's still worth a read for fans of the series. I enjoyed it, even while I found it disappointing.
B003HARV3Y|1.0|No No No No. I can't say no enough times to express my extreme disappointment with this film. Talk about Artistic License! Very few things in the film remain true to the books (which by the way were delightful, action-packed, funny, and charming). So many things where changed from the very minute (hair color of characters (Annabeth)), to age (Percy & Grover), to more important aspects of the novel such as motivation and personality of characters (Percy, Annabeth, Posieden, Grover, etc), to the disappearance of characters (Ares, Clarisse, Mr. D., etc.) and who did what. And what the heck was up with Rosario Dawson's character?!    I understand that it is hard to stay within time constraints when moving from a book to film but this movie stretched that concept to the extreme.    Bottom Line: It you have not read the books you MAY enjoy this film. If you HAVE read the books and are expecting to see characters brought to life on screen please, please, please proceed with caution! If you have read the books and simply just don't care then enjoy!
B003JZT2AW|5.0|I got my box set last night in the mail... and it was a sort of sad moment as I finally realised that the band that has been a constant fixture in my life for 15 years may actually be no more. But in some sense, that fire that drove Noel and Liam is ultimately why we're here, looking back at the decade and a half of one of the most influential English bands ever.    You will have heard all these tracks before - the Live recordings on Disc 4 from the Roadhouse show in London last July, are worth the price of admission. It does 'exactly what it says on the tin' its a collection of the best music they put out, and they are all winners.    Buy it, remember the band and where you were when you first heard them, or when you first saw them live - they changed music, they changed me, and I'll miss em.
0525423842|5.0|Not typical Grisham, but I loved it. Written thru the eyes of a young teenager, it is simply a great read. Adults will probably not like it. The pace a bit too slow, and the plot a bit too obvious. But, buy it for a grandchild who will identify with many of Theo's \\"clients\\" at school, and may someday aspire to become a lawyer. And, read it before you gift it, so that you and your grandchild will have something in common to discuss. I'm certainly looking forward to having that chat with my Grandson after he gets this book for his upcoming birthday.
B003FMTZOM|4.0|After listening to Bionic for nearly 2 weeks, I'm loving it more and more. It's not as personal or confessional as Stripped or grown up as Back To Basics, but it's the first time Christina truly lets her hair down and has fun. There's no pretentious intro proclaiming how \\"real\\" she is or how there will never be another like her.<br /><br />The steely, sing speak of the title track lets you know that Christina's willing to try something different. \\"Bionic, take it supersonic, eh/I'm bionic; hit you like a rocket, eh-ay-yeh/Bionic, so damn bionic, eh/Gonna get you with my electronic, supersonic rocket, eh!\\" I was ambivelant towards Not Myself Tonight when I first heard it. I still don't think it was the best choice for the first single, but I really like it now. It has just enough of an electropop synth-heavy production without taking it overboard. \\"In the morning/When I wake up/I'll go back to the girl I used to be/But baby/Not toniiiiiight!\\"<br /><br />I laughed my butt off when I read the lyrics for Woohoo. Thank goodness the song is intentionally tongue-in-cheek and playfully crass. \\"All the boys think its cake when they taste my (woohoo)/You dont even need a plate, just your face, Ha!/Licky-licky yum-yum what a great guy!\\" I'm not that familiar with Nicki Minaj, but her kooky rap complete with a Jamacian patois adds to the track's quirkiness. I love how Christina's vocals (a cross between Gwen Stefani and Nelly Furtado) get stretched on the rubbery Elastic Love and she gives props to Madonna on the Vogue inspired Glam. \\"Don't let the clothes wear you.\\"<br /><br />Desnudate is a sexy, Latin flavored club track that demands the listener to \\"Get naked for me\\" and Christina's Spanish lyrics spice it up. \\"Oh, quitate/Oh, la ropa/Oh, librase/Oh, ahora!\\" I have to be in a certain mood to listen to Prima Donna though. Christina gets her growl on and that's fine, but the music sounds  a bit too heavy for me. The Lil' Jon sounding background shouts (I think it's really him, but I could be wrong) aren't necesarry imo.<br /><br />The ethereal Morning Dessert interlude flows seamlessly into the early morning slow jam Sex For Breakfast. Much like Loving Me 4 Me on Stripped, Christina restrains her often bombastic powerhouse vocals to a light and airy tone. The baby makin' styled lyrics (\\"Strawberry cream is like a dream, my fantasy is reality/When the morning comes, I know that I will too\\") recall Janet Jackson. I wouldn't exactly put it in the same league of That's the Way Love Goes or Any Time, Any Place, but it's so much better than, say, Warmth.<br /><br />Linda Perry comes on board for the after the storm ballad Lift Me Up. Some critics have blasted it for coming off as a copycat to Beautiful, but I don't see the resemblance. Lift Me Up isn't as lyrically powerful as it's predecessor, but the production is buoyed by Christina's gorgeously pure vocals. The cute My Heart interlude features a sweet moment between Christina's hubby Jordan and their little boy Max. \\"Show me how you sing like mommy!\\" Then follows All I Need, a heartfelt ode to how her son has changed and brightened her life. \\"You bring me hope when I can't breathe/You give me love, you're all I need/Slowly I'm holding you closely/So happy to carry you inside me.\\" Christina takes on a relaxed Alanis-like vocal tone on the orchestral I Am. Some of the lyrics put me in the mind of Hand In My Pocket. \\"I am timid and/I am oversensitive/I am a lioness/I am tired and defensive.\\"<br /><br />The real jaw dropper of the entire record is the haunting ballad You Lost Me. Reminiscent of Fiona Apple and Sade, The lyrics beautifully convey the agony of discovering the infidelity of a lover. \\"I am done, smoking gun/We've lost it all, the love is gone/She has won, now it's no fun/We've lost it all, the love is gone\\" and \\"I feel like our world's been infected/And somehow you left me neglected/We've found our lives been changed/Babe, you lost me.\\" Christina's voice gains momentum as the song reaches it peak and bursts with passion and despair, but she never once oversings. After all this time, she finally understands that you don't have to squeeze the life out of every note or oversell a song to convey emotion. The ghostly, operatic background vocals are genius!<br /><br />Now that the sad songs are over, let's party! The Gwen Stefani/Pink pop of I Hate Boys is slightly immature for someone Christina's age with a chorus like \\"I hate boys, but boys love me/I think they suck and my friends agree\\", but it's supposed to be bratty with the tongue stuck out as far as possible. Have fun with it and \\"if you hate em boys, shake it!\\" The Peaches assisted disco laced My Girls is even better. \\"My girls wear lipstick while they're making my beats/They got guitar picks in their purses, Louboutins on their feet/They got no time for waiting in lines/They got sex and 808s running through their dirty minds.\\" It's no secret that Xtina possesses a pretty large ego. A quick read of the lyrics for Vanity would understandably make you roll your eyes out of your head, but a listen to the song shows the jokes on you. The self-absorption is so over the top that you can't help but love it. \\"V is for vanity, every time I look at me/I turn myself on, yeah\\" and \\"V is for vanity, thank you mom and daddy!\\" The last bit with her kid adds a nice touch. \\"Let us not forget/Who owns the throne?\\" \\"You do mommy!\\"<br /><br />Bionic might take a handful of listens in order to grab your attention, but it's hard not to admire Christina's newfound sense of humor. Her attitude toward her voice has improved as well. Rather than feeling like she has to prove how talented she is and how many notes she can hit, she allows herself to change things up. Less screaming and more toned down raps, stretchy rhymes, and girly perks of sunshine. I don't know what I'm talking about either. LOL. Give it a try.nd despair, but she never once oversings. After all this time, she finally understands that you don't have to squeeze the life out of every note or oversell a song to convey emotion. The ghostly, operatic background vocals are genius!     Now that the sad songs are over, let's party! The Gwen Stefani/Pink pop of I Hate Boys is slightly immature for someone Christina's age with a chorus like \\"I hate boys, but boys love me/I think they suck and my friends agree\\", but it's supposed to be bratty with the tongue stuck out as far as possible. Have fun with it and \\"if you hate em boys, shake it!\\" The Peaches assisted disco laced My Girls is even better. \\"My girls wear lipstick while they're making my beats/They got guitar picks in their purses, Louboutins on their feet/They got no time for waiting in lines/They got sex and 808s running through their dirty minds.\\" It's no secret that Xtina possesses a pretty large ego. A quick read of the lyrics for Vanity would understandably make you roll your eyes out of your head, but a listen to the song shows the jokes on you. The self-absorption is so over the top that you can't help but love it. \\"V is for vanity, every time I look at me/I turn myself on, yeah\\" and \\"V is for vanity, thank you mom and daddy!\\" The last bit with her kid adds a nice touch. \\"Let us not forget/Who owns the throne?\\" \\"You do mommy!\\"     Bionic might take a handful of listens in order to grab your attention, but it's hard not to admire Christina's newfound sense of humor. Her attitude toward her voice has improved as well. Rather than feeling like she has to prove how talented she is and how many notes she can hit, she allows herself to change things up. Less screaming and more toned down raps, stretchy rhymes, and girly perks of sunshine. I don't know what I'm talking about either. LOL. Give it a try.
B003JHKORK|1.0|Bad casting (mother, Pierce, Percy, Annabeth, Grover)  Uninspired, mailed in performances (especially Pierce Brosnan, Uma Thurman, Sean Bean)  Horrible directing -- hard to believe Chris Columbus had anything to do with Harry Potter 1-2, though this cast was far less talented.  Lazy screenplay adaptation - lost every meaningful nuance from the books (no, not pointless detail -- they lost everything that made the books special)  Grover acted like was in a Saved by the Bell episode  Percy was a Justin Bieber clone -- no range, no passion  The director was horrible - makes Uwe Boll look competent  CGI was terrible -- like watching something from 1990  Actors looked 18, not 12    It was clear that no one loved this movie -- not the screenwriter, director or actors.
B0002IQOZA|4.0|This is a classical.  Poor case and information about the disc.  It's a must have.
B003C1SPX8|4.0|I must agree with the previous comments.  It is a shame that the picture quality on this dvd has not been improved. It does look like a clean vhs transfer. The story about old footage is absurd. Today with modern techniques the footage could have been surely improved. There are dvds with older, more primitive video and they look better than this one. See Led Zeppelin dvd and Majicat from Cat Stevens for example. And in the case of Majicat, you have extra footage where you can see the difference between the raw and finished footage quality.  It has to be said that the sound upgrade is tremendous. And the documentary is a nice treat too. Im not sure but I believe that there is footage of Lady Writer from this gig too, but not sure.
B000UNYJXQ|1.0|I have to admit that i have never laughed that hard after seeing a movie then i did when i saw this one. I was laughing out loud because this film reminded me of the crap my proffesors used to make the class watch on \\"the evil of america\\" and \\"taking down greed\\". Such comical propoganda devices that resembled those used in the 1950s, only instead of targeting communism they target american business. The lies in this film were so blatant that i felt like i was watching MSNBC or Fox. As a third generation cuban, my great grandmother was cubano, it was rather insulting to show cuba as this garden of eden for equality and freedom.But i eventually got over this because you cant let blatant lies and propoganda get you down otherwise the bullies in our culture like Mr. Moore win. If there is anyone that actually believes that Cuba has an admirable, free, health care system let me state some facts gathered from actuall cuban doctors and patients who managed to escape.<br /><br />-IF there is a complication with the fetus of a pregnant woman the government forces an abortion.<br />-If a child dies soon after birth the doctor will not record it as ever having lived at all (remember when moore stated that cuba enjoys a lower infant mortality rate? well there you go. thats the reason.)<br />-That UN survey that states cuba as having a better health care system than us is on the survey, however the UN does not investigate countrie's health care systems, they simply take down whatever the country decides to report. Hmmmm....why should we believe what a communist dictator has to say about his own country?<br />-Smuggled pictures show dilapidated hospitals, patients who are dying of starvation, neglect, and infection.<br /><br />Those people that Moore shows in his film that have the high medical bills, you know the ones that are the helpless victims of our \\"disgusting, greed driven society\\". You will notice that all the people are middle class individuals with big screen tvs, 3 cars in the driveway, and an outstanding mortgage for a house that they cannot afford. Hmmmmm.....and im supposed to feel sorry for their utter stupidity and lack of regard for their own responsibility? Why is it that in this country people will pay $6 for a cup of coffee, and $50 for a videogame, but when it comes to their healthcare its simply \\"too expensive\\" and somehow the fault of \\"greedy businessmen\\". Maybe Moore should make a film about prioritization in america. About those people that throw their money away on material possessions but when their bills finally catch up with them they declare bankruptcy. It is trully a unique society we live in. their is such an utter disregard for responsibility and so many avenues and entitlement programs to cover your ass with.outstanding mortgage for a house that they cannot afford. Hmmmmm.....and im supposed to feel sorry for their utter stupidity and lack of regard for their own responsibility? Why is it that in this country people will pay $6 for a cup of coffee, and $50 for a videogame, but when it comes to their healthcare its simply \\"too expensive\\" and somehow the fault of \\"greedy businessmen\\". Maybe Moore should make a film about prioritization in america. About those people that throw their money away on material possessions but when their bills finally catch up with them they declare bankruptcy. It is trully a unique society we live in. their is such an utter disregard for responsibility and so many avenues and entitlement programs to cover your ass with.
B003CIG7AE|4.0|Infinite Arms is much slower than previous albums released by Band of Horses. At first listen, I felt it was too sappy and did not contain the climactic songs they are known for. Its hard to live up to earlier releases, but after the second and third time around, this album caught on to me. I was able to appreciate the sound and feeling they were going for. It is a very soothing release and the listener can tell that this band has put a lot of effort into the writing process. I will definitely continue to support this group.
B0036EBARO|4.0|Alison Goldfrapp and Will Gregory are no strangers to the music scene.  They started off their career in 2000 when the duo's first album, Felt Mountain splashed around to critical acclaim, but low sales.  The two then set out to switch up their sound on 2003's Black Cherry, which was the first and probably best time they explored the Electonic music scene.  The album ended up being raw, dangerous, and sexy all in one.  Complete with amazing Electronic synths to create this new weird atmosphere, Goldfrapp set out to take the world by storm.  From here, each of Goldfrapp's subsequent albums shifted genres.  In 2005 they released Supernature, which further explored elements brought out in Black Cherry, this time taking it more Dance oriented.  2008 saw their biggest shift with the release of Seventh Tree.  This time the two experimented with lush, folky sounds and dowtempo music.  If Supernature were a rave with lots of drunk people, Seventh Tree would be the moring after.  Now we're are at 2010, and the two are swtiching it up again.  On this fun and magical album, Alison and Will send us back to the 80s with Head First.  At only about 38 minutes, they keep it quick, fun and simple with lush sounding sythisized tunes and euphoric melodies to keep listeners dancing.  However, some fans have complained with this album because of it's lack of Black Cherry and Supernature sounding music and more commerical sounding Pop oriented material.  I do agree that their 2nd and 3rd efforts are the best in their catalog, but their is no denying the fun and freshness this album brings.  It's soft and a blast to listen to.  If you're an original Goldfrapp fan, perhaps this isn't for you.  If you're a fan like myself who has appreciated each album respectively, you'll enjoy this.    Standout tracks:    Rocket-    Probably the best on the album, but most fans hate it because they think it is too commercial.  It' fun, fiesty, and the synths are killer on this track.  Score: 9/10    Believer-    The other best song on the album.  Alison's voice sounds sexy and smooth, and overall it's just a good song.  Score: 9/10    Alive-    Probably the most 80s sounding song on the album.  The music video was even inspired by Olivia Newton John's Pysical video.  Can't go wrong with some good tunes that take you back to that time right??  Score: 8/10    I Wanna Life-    This most likely will become the next concert favorite from fans whenever they perform live.  It's a banger.  It's really catchy and gets me dancing every time.  Score: 8.5/10    Voicething-    This song is the album closer and it's intense.  It's very reminiscent of something Imogen Heap would do.  Its hard to describe.  You just need to listen to it.  Not everyone will like it though.  Score: 7.5/10    If you're familiar with Goldfrapp's prvious music, think of this album as a combination between Supernature and Seventh Tree.  Those two total opposite musical sounds would probably produce music that sounds like the stuff on this album.  Give it a try.
1878424505|5.0|This book was given to me by a friend as I exited an abusive marriage. I have since read it several times, and bought multiple copies to give to friends as they need it. These four simple agreements can (and have in my case) completely transform a life. Highly recommended . . . (would even add a super extra sixth star if the option was there.
0786886811|4.0|This is sort of a review in reverse, a re-visiting of a book I read years ago and loved. To do a cookbook justice in a review, though, it makes sense to look at it from a cooking perspective.    If I were to write a review from memory, it would be a glowing one. Nigella Lawson's prose is beautiful. Her tone is conversational, but the effect is utterly charming. It may not be a literary classic, but you won't find a more pleasurable sit-down-on-the-couch-and-read experience than that of How to be a Domestic Goddess: Baking and the Art of Comfort Cooking.    The review can't end there, though. Unfortunately, Nigella fails in one of her main aims - getting the working woman back in the kitchen with simple, elegant recipes that anyone can make if they would just try. The recipes aren't difficult, but her choice in ingredients and equipment often leaves something to be desired. She includes a note at the beginning of the book on equipment and ingredients that starts, \\"You need neither a professionally appointed kitchen nor an expensively stocked pantry to bake.\\" That may be true, but not for baking from this particular book. I imagine you would be hard-pressed, even in the most well-off communities, to find a woman who owns all of the following: madeleine molds, baby Bundt molds, mini tart pans, a Kitchen-aid free-standing mixer, a 12-mold barquette tray, a 6-cup plastic pudding basin (though she's British, so we'll give her that one as a freebie), 6-oz ramekins, 8-oz ramekins, and a patterned ring mold. She notes in the beginning that she has \\"tried on the whole to use nothing that wouldn't be available at an average well-stocked kitchen shop or department store.\\" Sure, it's helpful that you can go out and buy these things, but most people aren't going to go out and open a whole new wedding registry just to use this one cookbook. Add to it the specialty ingredients that she calls for - maple extract, self-rising cake flour, gold leaf (!) - and you have a rather expensive enterprise in front of you before you even begin.    As a young mother with a budget, I tend to avoid the types of recipes mentioned above, that call for either special ingredients or equipment or both - which accounts for roughly a third of the recipes in the book. Out of the rest, I found that about half of what I attempted came out very well, and about half of the recipes fell short in some way. If you're looking for a great read, this book is terrific. If you're looking to experiment in the kitchen and have some disposable income, knock yourself out. If you're looking for an indispensable baking book, keep looking.    See my blog for more discussion of the recipes herein: [...].
0393330435|5.0|I got this book because the history of the PC has always interested me and I got to say this is a great book. the seconded UPS dropped it off I started reading it and I did not let it down until it was yesterday morning reading the final sentence, I'm not going to lie I'm not much of a reader normally so if it's a book I don't put down it's speaking something. In the book at some points the guy is definitely not humble, he kind of has a I'm the best I was first I'm #1 kind of aditutude but he doesn't sound like that mean of a guy. If you have any intreats in the PC or computers or any of that you must read this book.
0596004966|4.0|This book was used for a college course as a reference book. Served it's purpose and came in handy. Good buy.
B0000DHI1G|5.0|I've looked at this movie too numerous to mention & have yet to see Samuel L. Jackson starring in it (so the credits listed are incorrect).  He does however, star in Unbreakable with Bruce Willis.  This movie has just enough video effects & moderate pace to keep you attentive for the next dramatic moment. The ending is very touching & Bruce Willis is just as good as ever. I have yet to see a Bruce Willis movie that I don't like.
B00009RDG9|2.0|Tommy Lee Jones played very well an extremely unlikely roll if they're trying to pass this movie off as something which might actually happen in the real world. Benicio Del Toro? The same.(Why did they make Tommy Lee's character a major guerrilla trainer for the military, at the same time NOT making him 1 of their own? EXTREMELY UNLIKELY!!!) Connie Nielsen(the FBI woman) was way WAY beyond stupid and knocked @ least 2 stars off the rating. Her acting was affected, specious, phony, and vapid. Not intending to be chauvinistic but if they put a male actor in her roll, right off the top of my head I can't think of 1 on the same plane w/ Benicio & Tommy Lee, or maybe if they put Tommy Lee in her roll and put someone of high caliber in his, they may have had a 3 or possibly even a 4 star movie. In as poor acting as Nielsen afforded, she blew the movie apart on revealing what it is/was-another Hollywood \\"action\\" film pathetically trying to incorporate feminism, showing women in \\"super-tough\\" authoritarian rolls, while still being \\"hot and sexy\\"(putting her in snug sweaters accentuating her nice heaving swelling full hot breasts). (Maybe they should have incorporated a \\"wet t-shirt\\" scene w/ her like they did for Kanakaredes(CSI:NY)in 1 or 2 of those lamer episodes.) This @ the same time portraying  massive gauntlets of highly trained SWAT operatives(all men, though mildly quiet, meek, and remedially castrated in their bearing, \\"but tough enough\\") as being slavishly subservient and obedient to \\"the woman\\", who justly wants to mete out retribution against her \\"fallen comrades\\". Benicio's and Tommy Lee's acting was good enough,the -1 rating Nielsen knocked the movie down to, was pulled out of the toilet up to about 2.
6305388458|1.0|After finding many Monty Python skits-and British comedy in general-hilariously funny, I bought this movie, expecting 90 minutes of uninterrupted laughs. To my great disappointment, I did not so much as smile throughout the entire movie. In my opinion, the movie was completely devoid of anything clever, original, or witty. It's very incongruous that Monty Python can make so many brilliantly funny skits, but could put together such complete rubbish into a full-length movie. This DVD went into the trash after I saw it once-definitely one of the two or three worst movies I've ever seen. It's utterly beyond me how anyone could be entertained by the idea of innocent people being crucified, to say nothing of the numerous other completely failed attempts at humor that fill this movie.    Be advised that, if you're of the Christian faith, you will find this movie very offensive. I'm not religious and so the satire of Christianity didn't bother me-my animus towards this movie has nothing to do with that. Religious or not, I suggest you pass on this movie and save your money, your time, and above all, your dignity.
B003F3NDP8|4.0|Desperate Housewives continued on its downward spiral during this sixth season. Ratings dwindled and the writers made the same mistakes during seasons two and three. The show became about six different shows, with the housewives living in their isolated plot lines. Rarely did two housewives overlap story-wise, or even cross paths for that matter. The special bond these women share was sorely missed this season. What's perhaps more upsetting is the way the season's central mystery, Angie Bolen and her family, was treated. Since season four, the mysteries have been easily solved by viewers within the first few episodes. Season six was different, but not because it was as complex as earlier mysteries, but because we were left completely in the dark. For the entire first half of the season, not one clue about this family was revealed. Instead, we were distracted with a sub-mystery about a serial strangler. (Though it appeared the two were connected, they weren't.) Then, by the middle of the season, it was clear that Angie was a terrorist and was on the run from a man named Patrick Logan. Bam, mystery solved (save for a few minor details) with half a season to go! And, I might mention, in that second half of the season, the show's darkness is consumed by sitcom-esque comedy.    Of course, that's all the negative qualities about the season. There are positive attributes. For example, the first half of the season was deliciously dark, something that had been missing during season five. As mentioned, the Bolen mystery was unsolvable due to lack of clues in the first half. While this isn't exactly a good thing, it's preferable to being able to solve the mystery three episodes in. Katherine's (Dana Delany) descent into a nervous breakdown was probably the highlight of the season. It was both funny, captivating, and dramatic. Bree's afair, Susan's quest to identify the town strangler, and Lynette and Gabrielle's feud were also excellent storylines.    Overall, the season was probably the show's worst (yes, even worse than season five). The characters were isolated, the mystery was straight-forward, and the tone shifted to light comedy halfway through. That said, this is still entertaining television. If you have all or most of the other seasons on DVD, I recommend adding this to your collection. It's a must for all DH fans!
B003HE2B6C|5.0|This is an absolutely fantastic album. I have been a Hanson fan since the beginning and Shout It Out is my favorite CD to date. I absolutely can't pick a favorite song, because I love them all. If I could pick only one word to describe this album, it would be happy. Shout It Out is really upbeat, fun, catchy, and I can't stop listening to it. I love it! Very highly recommended!
B001UV4XFG|5.0|I absolutely LOVED Eclipse!!! It was definately the best one out of the Saga. The fight scene was great, they didn't go overboard with the special effects, so that was good. This is the first movie out of all 3, that I want to go back and see it again very soon. I hope they keep this director for Breaking Dawn too! He did an awesome job.
0811869261|5.0|This is a beautifully done book that is educational and exciting.  Like the Richard Scarry books, there are all kinds of details on each page that make it possible to see new things every time you look.  The colors are great and the details about each culture are interesting and not too complex for a child.  Anything that gets an American child looking at a map of the world as early as possible is a good idea, but this makes it fun.  And the stickers are a nice bonus.  Great kids gift.
032147404X|5.0|I enjoyed the book very much. I got some real good tips from it. We all know one of those tips might be the difference from being a good photo to a great picture.
0375830995|2.0|Picked up the book because the author penned \\"Book Thief\\" which is a novel I thoroughly enjoyed. However, this book I didn't care for very much. Occasionally there was a powerful line but the \\"tasks\\" seemed to convenient and too easy. After each task I thought \\"That's it?\\". I got bored half way through but wanted to finish it, thinking the end might be worth it. It wasn't. The book felt cheesy and very unrealistic. The main character didn't have a distinct personality to me and I didn't believe his actions to be realistic at all. If you're a seasoned literature reader, you may not enjoy this book, but if you're a young adult, you probably will.
B003HARV3Y|1.0|It would be one thing if the movie strayed from the book and was good.  It's another to have this horrible excuse for a movie.  The most significant plot lines were ignored, the actors were horrible, and the special effects were so-so.  A simply terrible movie - do not waste 2 hours of your life watching it.  Take the time to read an absolutely fantastic book instead.
B003HE2B9E|3.0|Orianthi is an absolutely incredible guitar player and a good singer, but the pop style of this album masks her abilities. With the exception of the instrumental song \\"Highly Strung\\", the rest of the songs all have the same overall \\"sound\\".  Even though the songs are good individualy, the album gets monotonous.  There needs to be more variety.  Unlike most pop music, there is excellent guitar work in the background.  Unfortunately, hearing and enjoying the guitar work is difficult.  The listener has to \\"tune out\\" the over-mixing of everything else, and that requires effort and a good ear.  I think the producers convinced Orianthi to give up some of her individuality in an attempt to appeal to the teenie-bopper crowd.  That was a mistake.  She should have remained true to her R&B and Rock roots.
B002RVZV9K|4.0|What happens if The Edge, lead guitarist of U2; Jack White, guitarist and singer of The White Stripes and of The Raconteurs; and Jimmy Page, forming member and lead guitarist of Led Zeppelin get together and tune their guitars for a jam session? It might get loud. This casual meeting between three strong character guitarists was arranged by director Davis Guggenheim, who accompanied their chitchat with a camera. The outcome of the shoptalk can be seen in the rockumentary \\"It Might Get Loud\\".    This production was not Davis Guggenheim's first attempt in this genre. He is experienced and award-winning in shooting documentaries, having produced the 2007 Oscar-winning documentary \\"An Inconvenience Truth\\". In his latest masterpiece \\"It Might Get Loud\\" Guggenheim provides insight into the life of guitar heroes of three generations. By the choice of Jimmy Page, The Edge and Jack White the producer manages to bridge guitar history, present and future. All three participants give away internal details on their own progress as guitarists, their bands' successes and they show each other some tricks that give their play a personal touch.   Without having any expectations, the protagonists bring their guitars and meet in Warner Brothers' Burbank Studios in California. Here, making themselves comfortable on a plain stage in an abandoned hall, they exchange experiences, wallow in memories, listen to their favourite music and together they play their most famous tracks. This stage serves as the movie's key element. Each story that is told on there is jazzed up by visual and of course auditory exhibits such as concert records, original tape-records, photographs from the musicians' private archives and authentic home movie cuttings. Additionally, the protagonists are accompanied by the camera when returning to places that mark important watersheds in the their lives. The Edge abducts the audience to Ireland. He wanders through his old school \\"Mount Temple\\", where his band U2 was formed, and stops by \\"the War House\\", where the rehearsal for the album War took place in 1983. Jack White, being the rookie of the three, looks back his life and still young career in an old, remote farmhouse in Tennessee. By choosing this location, the producer supports White's strong connection to plain, simple blues. The `guru' of the group, Jimmy Page, returns to Headley Grange in England, where today's highly praised 4th album of Led Zeppelin was recorded. The audience is privileged to get a guided tour through the hallowed halls that are responsible for the often imitated sound of the successful rock band.   Sitting together on the stage, taking a trip down memory lane, the artists talk about musical idols and inspirations, and their first steps as musicians, their \\"rock `n' roll breastfeeding\\" with Jimmy Page and Jack White introduce their favourite music including songs from Son House or Link Wray. Of course one topic must not be missing in the conversation: the guitar \\"herself\\". All of the three still know exactly when and where they got their first guitar that influenced their playing and future not only as musicians but also as individuals. Starting with the first guitar, being plastic or even home-made, via the first branded guitar to the first customized guitar, the audience gets the chance to listen to personal stories related to these \\"women\\". And beside stories about being renowned as obsessed, such anecdotes even include inventions like an integrated micro or Jimmy Page's famous double-neck guitar.   Showing the positive sides of a rocker's life, the negative facets of being a musician are not hidden in the rockumentary \\"It Might Get Loud\\". All artists bring up the matter of hard work not being paid off, failure and being savaged by critics. The audience is told that personal struggles and hard work is often closely connected to famous songs. While The Edge talks about personal depression, admitting that there was a long and hard way of \\"sweat and labour\\" behind the riffs of \\"Sunday Bloody Sunday\\", Jimmy Page recalls 3-lines newspaper-reviews he refused to read or even to look at them. Nevertheless, these aspects helped them to grow, or as Page says \\"the spark became the flame and the flame was pretty bright\\".    When watching the movie, the audience gets the impression of being part of the conversation. Davis Guggenheim abandons technical knick-knacks and sets the focus on the protagonists, their music and the stories related to music and personal life. Sometimes, particularly in the old farmhouse in Tennessee, the viewer can actually get the impression that the film crew was even absent. When Jack White stamps the beat while playing the piano, the camera shakes as if standing on a tripod. Here Guggenheim shows his sensitivity towards `indirect' special effects. He creates an intimate atmosphere with a simple take where the audience can almost feel the shaking floor. Making the audience want to stamp the beat as well, the effect obtains the wished result without being too obvious.   The choice of the three protagonists Jack White, The Edge and Jimmy Page proves as boon and pain. On the one hand they represent three generations of guitar players with special peculiarities. All of them try to bring in their talent into conversation. However, having three such strong characters seems to be a certain generational gap. The strong presence of Jimmy Page lets him appear as a teacher with Jack White and The Edge attending class. While The Edge turns out to be a model pupil, Jack White mimes the clown appearing sometimes bored and absent-minded.    All in all \\"It Might Get Loud\\" is a successful contribution to the contemporary history of the art of playing the guitar, revealing facts and anecdotes that have not been known before. The audience gets the impression that the musicians are, most of the time, having fun playing their instruments, the camera going unnoticed. There are simply 3 generations, playing on six strings, talking about their one and only passion.
B00000JCOV|4.0|I love Slipknot and my original copy of their self-titled release has become scratched.  I bought this cd because it said it had the original track list on it including \\"Frail Limb Nursery\\" and \\"Purity\\" on it, but it did not.  I'm glad to have a scratchless copy now, but I still don't have the aforementioned tracks.
B002IDDRT8|5.0|I really dont no were to start being a movie fanatic and being able to say that I have seen almost every movie on the store shelf I thaught this movie is up there with the best of them. If your reading this to find out if you should buy or rent, me and my son watched it maybe 5 times so far its just one of those movies. Great job to all those who worked on this film the only bad thing about this movie is that it always has to end.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|I am so glad they took the time to tell the stories of all the characters in the Cullen family.  If you read the book you knew why they were where they were.  If you didn't and you went into the theatre today or last night, you learned some interesting facts about Edwards sister and brother.<br />I the the movie was well worth the anticipation!  Twilight was kinda low~grade filming, New Moon redeemed the series and Eclipse and Breaking Dawn will definitely take it over the top!!<br />THAT GOD FOR PEOPLE LIKE STEPHANIE MEYER who have the gift of a good computer and pen!!
B00005RHGL|5.0|2010-07-01
B003L16FAE|1.0|The DNR on the Predator: Ultimate Hunter Edition is appalling.  One of the worst cases of Digital Noise reduction out there.  Please don't reward the studios by buying this lest they get the idea that they should do this to more catalog films.     Seriously, Arnold and company look like wax figurines in this version.  Carl Waethers looks like he was partially melted.  The fine details are nowhere to be found.  Spend you hard-earned $$ elsewhere.
6303257801|5.0|It is great to be able to see this film in color. Much is enhanced by seeing it in color, they did a great job of colorizing this film.  If some purists are offended by this colorization all you have to do is turn the color off on your TV set and wala! glorious Black and White  Those of us that like colorization should not be deprived of color, because some don't like it, as I mentioned before they can just turn the color down and enjoy it to their liking.
0425188809|4.0|I never read books twice, but I think I may have read Watchers at least five times.  I love this book.  It is fiction, however, if you have ever loved golden retrievers, you will appreciate the dog, Einstein, that stars in this one.  The story is easy to follow and keeps your suspense so that you do not want to put it down.  I suggest this as a must read-it is one of Dean Koontz's best!
B0033G9OFA|5.0|I truly don't understand the negative reviews of this CD; it gives us everything from the music of the Doors, to interviews, to poetry by Jim himself (though read aloud by Depp).  I'm tired of generic CD's with just the music and nothing but music, and \\"When You're Strange\\" frees me from that redundancy.  This is the perfect mix which can allow the listener to get a closer glimpse of who Jim really was both as a member of a hugely popular band and as an introspective human being.  I recommend this CD to any Doors fan because of its unparalleled genius, which is presented on each and every track.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Wow!  Great for the young and young at heart.  Sensational color and a good story as well.
B003J27WFW|5.0|I can't begin to express how much I love this film. Sam Dunn and Scot McFadyen have done it yet again...but upped the bar VERY high that I think it would prove difficult to match or surpass this masterpiece. I have been a big fan of their films thus far (Global Metal being my personal fave). This film puts a face and persona with a very enigmatic band. Sure..We (the fans) have been to the shows, watched the DVDs, listened intently to each release, but never could put a finger on who these three master craftsmen really are. At the shows, you see a glimpse with some irreverent humor and get the impression that they enjoy what they do..but never really know just how strong their ties are.    Rush are an anomaly..pure and simple. They truly are an exception to the rule that is not only the music business, but celebrity and showbiz as a whole. They are the penultimate \\"grass roots/cult\\" band. They are dismissed entirely by those not \\"in the know\\" and revered with an almost deity-like devotion by those of us who are paying attention and listening. WE know why they are successful and love the fact that the nay sayers just don't get it. No matter how many records they sell or how many stadiums they fill...each one of us true fans still feel that they are still our own \\"big little secret\\". We love it that way.     The film does a splendid job of giving an up close and personal look at three very distinct personalities. Alex and Geddy, being friends since junior high, are two fairly different fellows, yet their bond is so obviously tight that you would think them separated at birth. Neil, on the other hand, seems like a very different matter. While he seems at ease with the other two and they obviously share a bond as well..he comes across as a very solitary man.I admire the fact that he seems uncomfortable being admired by fans..yet loves the idea of having a conversation with a complete stranger at a gas station on his motorcycle travels. It really does make sense that he would have to keep low key among \\"fans\\" because he embraces his ability to travel so far and so often, yet remain unrecognized by most people he encounters. That's not necessarily a BAD thing, he's just clearly \\"different\\" from Alex and Geddy. I think one of the reasons some of us connect with this band, is that we can relate to these guys on some level. Some of us like to be open and outgoing, if not completely silly..yet at times we enjoy nothing more than silence and deep thought. There's a dichotomy within this trio that seems to really spark the \\"chemistry\\" that they clearly have in spades!!    If I had one minor complaint..I really think this could have been much LONGER. This should have been their \\"Anthology\\". I think more detail could have been spent on the 80's, which was their pinnacle in terms of success. \\"Grace Under Pressure\\" alone could have taken up a fair amount of time in examining it's controversy among their die-hard fans. While we, the fans, love the fact that this film was ever MADE...ultimately, it is the fans that will appreciate and love this because the admiration is there before it even begins.     Neil's personal tragedies circa 1997-1998 are well handled and crafted with complete respect and reverence. We know the story..but now have a bit more insight and to see Neil actually speak about the healing process was a joy. It really made me want to get a bike!!!    All in all...I can't really overstate how much this film meant to me as a fan of 30 years. It is certainly well deserving of all the \\"bravado\\" it receives.
B00275EGWY|2.0|The Hurt Locker was intense.  It depicted the unnatural, demanding, hard, life-threatening life a soldier experiences in his/her daily routine.  Very distressing for soldier and viewer.  Stories based on fact are sometimes more frightening than fiction stories.
B002VECMAO|5.0|What a great comedy. Mr Clooney is a real great guy, lets face it. In the way of  Coens \\"Oh brother where are you\\" but a small better. Buy this support the innovtive and smart cinema before disapear.
1423113381|5.0|Rick Riordan's Percy Jackson and the Olympians series restored my love for Mid-Grade novels, and his newest series continues the entertaining (and educational) tradition.    Carter Kane, son of renowned Egyptologist Julius Kane, has lived apart from his sister Sadie for the past six years. When their mom died, Sadie was raised by her grandparents in England while Carter jetted all around the world on archeology assignments with their dad. Carter has been suspicious that there's more to Julius than meets the eye, but he's never had any proof until the kids witness their dad trying to summon the Egyptian god Osiris from the Rosetta Stone and instead getting imprisoned by an evil spirit called the Red Lord.    Then Carter and Sadie are on the run from The House of Life, a dynasty of magicians who are convinced that the kids are powerful and dangerous. Turns out, they are. Both Kane children have incredible latent magic abilities which they discover as they evade the baddies, try to survive the Demon Days, and rescue their father.     The Red Pyramid is quick-paced and full of vitality. The energetic narrative voices remind me a lot of the feel of the Olympians series, with the added benefit of having Carter and Sadie's POV's swapping out every two chapters, so the reader doesn't ever feel stuck in one place for too long. I really adored Sadie's POV, since she's a sarcastic 12-year-old who's been raised in England, but Carter's voice is fine, too. The story also has plenty of humor thrown in to break up the constant peril, such as the antics of Khufu, a hyperintelligent baboon guardian, who only eats foods that end in the letter \\"o\\"--\\"Doritos, burritos...flamingoes\\" (pg 70).    Then there's the emotional impact. If the two kids being raised separately sounds fishy, that's because it is. Carter and Sadie were considered too powerful to live together (like Luke and Leia Skywalker, I guess?), so as they journey together, they have to develop the trust and affection that didn't exist before, since they were nearly strangers before their dad's disappearance. Both kids have convincing, non-whiny emotional baggage that comes from losing their mother and being raised in non-ideal ways. This is an action book with heart!     I'm also thrilled that the Kane children are African-American, because it's rare to see main characters who are anything but Caucasian, and these two are kind, smart, and relatable, just like Percy was for the Olympians series. Speaking of which, there's a great nod to the Olympians on page 52, where Amos says, \\"Manhattan has other problems. Other gods. It's best we stay separate.\\" The Greek and Egyptian worlds exist in the same fictional universe, but they manage to stay out of each other's way, and I think it was a neat authorial move to include that kind of nod to his previous well-loved series.    The only downside I can come up with is that at 516 pages, it's slightly too long. Since it's the beginning of a projected series, I felt that some of the abundant info could've been cut or transported to book two without much trouble.    History bonus: So educational, they could teach it in schools! As part of the natural flow of the story, The Red Pyramid discusses things like Demotic, a written language halfway between hieroglyphs and Greek which existed during the Ptolemaic dynasty, when the Greeks ruled Egypt. You could almost learn the equivalent of a semester of Egyptian History just by paying attention as you read.
0446563048|5.0|This is one of those essentials reads, which I recommend to everyone. Below is a series of tweets I had with Zappos (@dhbook) while reading it. They walk the talk!<br /><br />Me: Just received @Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh's new book \\"Delivering Happiness\\" by post. Can't wait to dig in...<br />8:56 PM Jun 9th via web<br /><br />dhbook: @olekassow Let us know what you think about the worm farm and button biz! ~Angela<br />2:22 AM Jun 10th via HootSuite in reply to olekassow<br /><br />Me: @dhbook I certainly will - already several chapters in :) #deliveringhappiness<br />10:32 AM Jun 10th via web in reply to dhbook<br /><br />Me: @dhbook Finished the book, laughed at worm & button biz and loved the WOW :) Now I wanna buy a copy for each of my 30 colleagues.<br />11:05 PM Jun 13th via web in reply to dhbook<br /><br />dhbook: @olekassow We love to hear WOW! Thx for sharing your thoughts and for spreading the happiness :) ~Angela<br />3:22 AM Jun 14th via HootSuite in reply to olekassow
B003KUSUG8|5.0|This is one of the best albums I have ever bought it really is Eminems come back album from everything hes been through
B003L16FAE|2.0|I am quite disappointed in Fox's decision to DNR the crap out of Predator. I know a lot of you probably don't care, but Predator was never supposed to look as crystal clear as Avatar or a Pixar film. The problem with using DNR like this is that all of the fine detail of film is scrubbed away along with the film grain, which is why the actors and sets look like they are made of wax. One of the greatest aspects of the Blu-Ray format is it allows you to view films for the first time as they were intended to look: like films! What this release does is attempt to make Predator look as if it was shot on digital video yesterday, but of course a modern digital film wouldn't have the detail of the picture removed like Predator has.  Now, the original Blu-Ray wasn't great either, as it was an early effort from Fox that was delayed from release a long time, which is why it was poorly compressed on a single-layer disc with MPEG 2. However, I would still recommend that disc over this new one. What Fox should have done is create a new master going back to the original negatives, and perhaps SPARINGLY applied some DNR by people who knew what they were doing to sort out the inconsistencies of the grain in the first release.   The bottom line is I don't support releases like this and I hope FOX or any other studio doesn't continue to alter older films like this. I give this disc 2 stars instead of 1 because they included all the extras that should have been on the original disc, but for anyone that cares about film and the artistic intent of the filmmakers, stay away from this one!
B000UR9QIK|4.0|George Romero's Dawn of the Dead is said to be his best movie he's made. It's more than a zombie movie, but a movie with a deeper meaning. With the Blu-ray, the video quality is better than ever before. But with the clarity, the zombies look more blue than green. It's not a big problem but is sort of funny when you start watching it. Special features are nice but not special. They are good for a boring day or if you're really into what they are talking about. Overall I give the Blu-ray a 4 out of 5.
B002JCSWV6|5.0|Invictus  A great movie from every aspect.    Very honest and accurate from a historical point of view. Also shows the great wisdom of a much revered man-Mandela.    I thoroughly recommend this movie.
B0021L8UPS|5.0|when I rented that movie, I didn't have much expectations about it, even thought many people recommend it, I was simply curious to see it! Now, I can't deny that it caught my full attention that I simply couldn't take my eyes off the screen to the end of it....the end is a way too exciting. I would recommend you pay attention from the beginning as it gets more attractive especially when Ether (Isabelle Furgham) starts getting more violent, more evil and simply outrageous and the good thing is that you can't tell why is she acting that way?!!! I thought that it could be because of her schoolmates teasing her for being different, but it was much more than what I thought.     The actors were perfect for their roles, especially Isabelle F, she was outstanding; she will make you feel sorry for the ones that you thought were cruel/mean to her then she will make you sorry for everybody just for being around her.     I don't mean to make it short but I don't want to reveal anything about the movie coz it takes the fun away. All I can say, just watch it, this is the movie that scares you and makes you wonder/think at the same time. hope u enjoy it :)
B00005JKLZ|5.0|The original Time Machine was amazing in its day, revealing the evolutionary conclusion of an apocalypse where the psychopathic element in society eventually dominates the passive and dumbed down masses, using them as \\"human resources\\"... it is now a classic.  The new one is even richer in allegorical content but unfortunately the market is so polluted with movies filled with gratuitous special effects and computer generated graphics that its content may be lost on a dumbed down public who are distracted.     What do the eloi think when they go to a movie like this...
B002GZQYMK|5.0|lovely, lovely, lovely. i love it from the beginning to the ending. it has so many musical elements- which isn't unheard of from Muse- and the lyrics are empowering. just to name a few: 'uprising' reminds of my \\"protesting\\" days (past and present); 'resistance' is definitely '1984'-ish; 'united states of eurasia' is vastly past due (especially with all the S*** going on in this world); 'mk ultra' is extraordinary (both musically and emotionally); 'i belong to you' is groovy, and 'exogenesis\\" parts 1-3' is awe-inspiring. if you haven't noticed by now-i truly recommend this album.
1584282584|5.0|I wanted to add my voice to the other superlatives that appear here.  This is a terrific book.  I was looking for something to help me understand how to use my on-camera flash to good effect.  Generally speaking I have tried to avoid on camera flash, and when I was forced to use it, the results were hit-or-miss.  This book really helped me to understand how I could get better results more consistently, and without a bunch of expensive stuff, except the flash unit itself.  (I learned from this book that I needed a flash unit with much more directional versatility.)  The techniques are well-explained and are repeatable.  There are many excellent examples (mostly wedding photos) in which the author explains exactly what he did to get the shot, including a breakdown of the settings he used for each one.  In summary, if you are like me and you are tired of getting lousy flash photographs, or you don't know how to effectively use fill flash, this is a great book which I highly recommend.
B000AMPZF8|4.0|the two main reasons i bought this cd ('bliss' and 'feeling good') are well worth it. 'bliss' is just that- it's like i'm in another dimension whenever i hear the music, while 'feeling good' makes you wonder why hasn't a black Baptist choir approached matt for a position in their choir. i enjoy this cd- like so many others of theirs. my fave from the album are 'bliss', 'feeling good' 'citizen erased', and 'screenager'. 'space dementia' is catchy. As for the rest, they're ok; 'plug in baby' sounds better live in concert. of course, matt crooning away is something to never miss; in addition to chris' bass rhythm and dominic's powerful drumming. the artwork within the album is interesting, as well. this album is a must to have in your Muse memorabilia.
0800141660|5.0|I've seen the movie before and really wanted to own it. I thought that I got it at a bargain price. It arrived in a timely manner and it was as described in the seller's ad. Seller communication was great. I enjoyed this transaction and walked away feeling good about this purchase
B003L16FAE|1.0|Simply put they applied so much noise reduction to this movie that it looks awful.  There is none of the original film grain, and no detail at all!  The only reason to buy this movie is if you want the best example of how incredibly bad an HD transfer can be.  If you actually like the movie (like I do) run away, watching this movie will make you cry seeing how a perfectly good movie was destroyed with a horrible transfer.  yes, in this case only, the DVD actually looks better then the Blu-Ray.
0767817710|4.0|After a recent viewing of this movie, I was surprised at the negative reaction to it of some viewers and critics.  It is handsomely produced, with plentiful action, capable performances from the actors, a sprinkling of humor, and a sequence or two that almost reminded me of the Coen Brothers.  It was hardly the greatest film I have seen, but I very much enjoyed the over-the-top way it re-visited a host of archetypal western conventions.  Upon reflection, I think the negative reviews result from a problem I have seen many times before, with many other films.  The whole thing comes down to what you were expecting when you first approached the film.  The recent admirable film, \\"Appaloosa\\", with Ed Harris and Viggo Mortenson conveys a powerful sense of realism and the feel of a serious western drama.  Films like \\"Cat Ballou\\" or \\"Blazing Saddles\\" take the western genre into the realm of outrageous comedy.  \\"The Quick and the Dead\\" seems to me to deliberately go in neither of these directions.  It might be viewed as a comedy, but I don't think that this was the director's intention, and the actual laugh-producing gags are not found here in abundance.  In some ways, it reminds me of Eastwood's \\"High Plains Drifter\\", which is another film that does not ask to be taken too seriously; however, this one seems to be more deliberately flashy and extreme.  Right from the opening scene, you are confronted with situations that can clearly not be seen as realism.  One critic stated that he felt that Sharon Stone had not brought the desired amount of psychological depth to her portrayal.  This strikes me as nonsense.  This character, in the context of this movie, is not about psychological depth.  She is deliberately a stone-faced stereotype of a gunslinger, with the somewhat incoherent quality of being too superstar beautiful for the part.  This works like yet another tipoff that the viewer is not to be seeking realism but, instead, a sort of Hollywood send-up reality.  In flashbacks, the Stone character might well be the 19th Century melodrama \\"Little Nell\\", victim of a dastardly villain, so  cruel and vicious that you have no question as to the violent comeuppance they must inevitably face at the conclusion.  It seems to me that some folks expected an out-and-out comedy, while others expected more realistic, serious action fare.  The problem with this movie is that it is neither.  You can accept this or not.  I very much enjoyed it for what it is.
0805047905|5.0|I read this to my daughter almost every night while she drinks her last bottle of milk for the night. I love this book, and it's also one of my daughter's favorite!
068484267X|5.0|I recieved this book much more promptly than expected and it arrived in perfect condition, completely unread.
0060775858|1.0|I am soooo disappointed with this book. After reading all the glowing reviews, I expected more. The story is boring. It just points out various things in a room, then proceeds to say \\"good night\\" to all the objects in the room. The illustrations not impressive, and every 2 pages alternate between black/white and color. I've been reading this to my daughter since she was very young (now 14 months old), but she's never really been that interested in it.
7885142418|5.0|I received the movie today. And I thought the movie was excellent and I especially liked the fight scene between Donnie Yen and Samo Hong. But altogether I thought the movie was awesome and I recommend the first movie and this one if people would like to know about Wing Chun and Bruce Lee's teacher IP MAN.
B001UV4XFG|4.0|In \\"Eclipse\\", part three of the Twilight Saga ([[ASIN:B001P5HRMI Twilight (Two-Disc Special Edition)]] and [[ASIN:B001OQCV56 The Twilight Saga: New Moon (Two-Disc Special Edition)]]), director David Slade zeroes in on the \\"should she or shouldn't she?\\" question that has proved to be the pulsing lifeblood behind the popular teen quartet of novels by author Stephanie Meyer. However, as millions of fans already know--she does--and sadly, that takes a big bite out of the whole Team Edward versus Team Jacob rivalry, rendering the whole premise rather toothless.<br /><br />In the last two films, none of that mattered, so why should it matter in this the third and in my opinion the most likable of the trilogy so far?  Fans desire only to see their beloved characters brought to life on the screen.  \\"Eclipse\\" does just that.  Any criticisms regarding the senselessness of the storyline or the futile confusion of a girl that has already made her decision two books ago should be taken up with Meyer, not the director or screenwriter of any of the films.<br /><br />The creation of an entertaining and faithful adaptation that enables teenage girls to swoon, scream and choose sides at the sight of the film's two hunky albeit warring leads, become better acquainted with the good vampire clan of \\"vegetarian\\" bloodsuckers, understand some of the characters' personal histories, delve into the native Indian lore of the Quileute tribe while presenting the typical boy-girl-boy triangle with a supernatural twist, requires some storytelling skills especially in a two-hour time frame that includes the additional nemesis of a marauding newbie vampire army as the ultimate plot driver.  Slade handles all this well, managing his youthful cast with a tastefully chaste sympathy that adds a little heat, but not enough to get accompanying parents enraged by what could have been another of the usual messages of no-holes-barred excess that Hollywood delivers without a thought to delicate and burgeoning psyches.<br /><br />True to Meyer's pro-abstinence sensibilities, Slade plays off the `fire and ice' motif (presented as a metaphor by Bella's introductory recital of Robert Frost's poem of the same name for the opposing natures of her two leading young men) juxtaposing Bella (wholesomely perfect Kristen Stewart) between the forever absolutes of male over-protectiveness--the icy courteous albeit bloodsucking Edward (the weed-whacker haired Rob Pattinson) and the fiery angry self-possessed Jacob (the deliciously shirtless Taylor Lautner).  The audience can feel Bella's development from an uncomfortably undefined young woman to someone with the potential capability to face her own wakening desires without self-delusion or compromise.  In this sense, \\"Eclipse\\" depicts teenage decisions with an age appropriate amount of confusion and wonder that seems generally gauged for this tale of Bella and the Beasts.<br /><br />In addition to just the right amount of sensitivity with regard to the normally arising questions about just how far an actual teenage relationship should go, \\"Eclipse\\" tackles the larger question of choosing one's own destiny--does Bella want a human life with Jacob or supernatural eternity with Edward?  Does her natural awkwardness transcend into a sense that the mainstream obviously just isn't in the cards for her? Bella is given the opportunity to explore this breaking aspect of self awareness in different scenes with different players:  father, mother, fellow graduates, the wolf clan that wants her to stay human and the vampire fusion that understands her desire to fuse.  Whether or not any of this actually works or not isn't the fault of Slade or screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg.  Again, any problems with the sometimes dimensionless dialogue between the players--especially the lines meant to convey jealousy and competition between wolf and undead--can be blamed on the circuitous adolescent whining conveyed in the original text by Stephanie Meyer.<br /><br />The paradox for Slade or any other director chosen to do the next book in the series then becomes, \\"Should he?\\" or \\"Shouldn't he?\\" with regard to plumping up the thin material with some background flashback that will make the characters and their current level of desire for life, for love, for family and friends more understandable.  He \\"should\\" but does he want to be attacked by legions of fundamentalist fans for interjecting impurity to their beloved books?<br /><br />Kristen Stewart and Rob Pattinson work the material to the best of their abilities this time; their respective characters flow together with slightly more familiarity.  However the melancholy tone still prevails--with all that danger aloft, how could it not?  The basic chemical bonding between the two still seems to need a formula adjustment. Imagine Bella kissing and wanting to get close to a guy whose temperature stays in a steady arctic zone fit for a damp seal or frosty polar bear.  That might work in the tropics, but in the wet Northwest? In the same respect, I don't understand why a 21st century girl with Bella's experience or sensibilities would want someone tracking her as if she were Big Foot each and every time she decided to go for a ride in her truck. Meyer presents Edward as a prim and proper Edwardian, but no background story on his pre-vampire life shows us his soul.  We are told that Bella and Edward love each other with a Romeo and Juliet whimsy--do we feel it?  Where's the dramatic lover's theme music to pull at the senses whenever their two faces fill the screen?  Non-existent--its the old \\"I'm being told\\" not \\"shown\\" no-no.<br /><br />In that sense, don't see \\"Eclipse\\" unless you are well versed by either the novels ([[ASIN:B001FA0PIQ The Twilight Saga Collection]]) or the first two film installments.  Slade doesn't bother to recap either of the two initial pinings for the vampire or the werewolf/girl-woman relationships.  Instead he and the rest of the Twilight Saga franchise assume that the audience, a motley crew of pre-teenage/teenage girls and their twi-mothers have sat through the pre-midnight showings of Twilight and New Moon for the umpteenth time and now revved and ready for this latest adventure have taken sides as illustrated by the wearing of Team Edward or Team Jacob t-shirts.  As a stand-alone, \\"Eclipse\\" would have a hard time explaining the motives for the action portion of the film--just why is the red-headed vamp(ire) Victoria seeking out Bella to feed her revenge?  A little review would have served those not in the know well.<br /><br />On the other hand Team Slade excels in fleshing out the vampire awakenings of the lovely but malignant Rosalie (Nikki Reed) and the Alice-smitten Jasper (Jackson Rathbone) in a far better way then Meyer does in her book--Meyer never covers that extra ground for Carlisle (Peter Facinelli), Esme (Elizabeth Reaser), Alice (Ashley Greene), Emmett (Kellan Lutz) or for that matter, even Edward himself.  Instead we are treated to glossy two-dimensional portraits of supernatural creatures we can only hope to understand via their similarity to vacuous supermodels--not based on their inner, very human, cravings.<br /><br />The teen scheme cover-ups, so much a part of the novels (Bella constantly lies to both of her parents), thankfully is absent here.  A child of divorce, Bella contends with negative feelings regarding marriage but is reassured that commitment does bite and can grow legs by the family of vampires and their forever mates and the wolves and their ability to imprint.  So many lessons to be learned--and all within two hours or four huge books, depending on which medium best suits!<br /><br />Technically, the computer-generated wolf colossuses look and seem real enough to want to snuggle against. Who wouldn't want one of those impressive mega-pets watching the old homestead?  Parents need not be disturbed by any notion of excess gore; the action sequences of fast-moving cart-wheeling vampire martial arts works without any shredding of flesh with the usual blood fest associated with a battle involving just one hemoglobin slurper.<br /><br />Bottom line?  \\"Eclipse,\\" the latest installment of the Twilight Saga delivers what its fans have come to expect--a faithful adaptation of the teen angst-driven triangle tale of Edward, Bella and Jacob.  Even though, the audience knows from the start that the contest really has no substance, the Team Jacob camp remains strong, vigilantly wolf-snarling at Bella's decision to explore the subzero rather than warm her hands via wolf pelt.  One hopes that dawn will never break, sadly we already know ahead of time that it does.  Director Slade treats us to vampire birth flashbacks and teenage ponderings of the big questions regarding love, lust and eternity without being offensive or caving into the typical teen marketed extravaganzas promoting growing up too fast amidst the excess.  Some dialogue weakness does not help the characters become more than 2.5 dimensional.  However, the action sequences and CG images of both the glittering globin gulpers and their hirsute nemesises facilitate the fantasy in this fairytale adventure.  This monster mash of newbie vampires, protective wolves, angling Volturi and the triangle of the Sleeping Beauty prototype meeting and greeting head on her greatest male fears is recommended for the fan and rated accordingly.<br />Diana Faillace Von Behren<br />\\"reneofc\\"pre-teenage/teenage girls and their twi-mothers have sat through the pre-midnight showings of Twilight and New Moon for the umpteenth time and now revved and ready for this latest adventure have taken sides as illustrated by the wearing of Team Edward or Team Jacob t-shirts.   As a stand-alone, \\"Eclipse\\" would have a hard time explaining the motives for the action portion of the film--just why is the red-headed vamp(ire) Victoria seeking out Bella to feed her revenge?  A little review would have served those not in the know well.     On the other hand Team Slade excels in fleshing out the vampire awakenings of the lovely but malignant Rosalie (Nikki Reed) and the Alice-smitten Jasper (Jackson Rathbone) in a far better way then Meyer does in her book--Meyer never covers that extra ground for Carlisle (Peter Facinelli), Esme (Elizabeth Reaser), Alice (Ashley Greene), Emmett (Kellan Lutz) or for that matter, even Edward himself.  Instead we are treated to glossy two-dimensional portraits of supernatural creatures we can only hope to understand via their similarity to vacuous supermodels--not based on their inner, very human, cravings.     The teen scheme cover-ups, so much a part of the novels (Bella constantly lies to both of her parents), thankfully is absent here.  A child of divorce, Bella contends with negative feelings regarding marriage but is reassured that commitment does bite and can grow legs by the family of vampires and their forever mates and the wolves and their ability to imprint.   So many lessons to be learned--and all within two hours or four huge books, depending on which medium best suits!    Technically, the computer-generated wolf colossuses look and seem real enough to want to snuggle against. Who wouldn't want one of those impressive mega-pets watching the old homestead?  Parents need not be disturbed by any notion of excess gore; the action sequences of fast-moving cart-wheeling vampire martial arts works without any shredding of flesh with the usual blood fest associated with a battle involving just one hemoglobin slurper.      Bottom line?  \\"Eclipse,\\" the latest installment of the Twilight Saga delivers what its fans have come to expect--a faithful adaptation of the teen angst-driven triangle tale of Edward, Bella and Jacob.  Even though, the audience knows from the start that the contest really has no substance, the Team Jacob camp remains strong, vigilantly wolf-snarling at Bella's decision to explore the subzero rather than warm her hands via wolf pelt.  One hopes that dawn will never break, sadly we already know ahead of time that it does.   Director Slade treats us to vampire birth flashbacks and teenage ponderings of the big questions regarding love, lust and eternity without being offensive or caving into the typical teen marketed extravaganzas promoting growing up too fast amidst the excess.  Some dialogue weakness does not help the characters become more than 2.5 dimensional.  However, the action sequences and CG images of both the glittering globin gulpers and their hirsute nemesises facilitate the fantasy in this fairytale adventure.  This monster mash of newbie vampires, protective wolves, angling Volturi and the triangle of the Sleeping Beauty prototype meeting and greeting head on her greatest male fears is recommended for the fan and rated accordingly.    Diana Faillace Von Behren  \\"reneofc\\"
B002KDUDG6|3.0|I am undoubtedly a fan, but the masterpiece is 'Call me irresponsible'. If a masterpiece takes 5 stars then this only deserves 3.
B002VPE1X4|5.0|This flexible (not rigid) bag is compact, but stretches to some extent to accommodate a wide veriety of gadgets. The bag has 3 pouches. I am able to keep [[ASIN:B002R5AM7C Flip MinoHD Camcorder  2nd Generation, 2 Hours (Brushed Metal)]] in the back pouch, [[ASIN:B000DZS2FW Fujifilm Finepix F470 6MP Digital Camera with 3x Optical Zoom]] in the middle pouch, and accessories in the front pouch.    This bag will certainly relieve me from fumbling for the right camera in a bigger camera bag. Also, who wants to carry a bigger camera bag around? This will stay on my belt and be available always. I am very satisfied with this product and highly recommend for people that carry pocket cameras, phones, GPS, etc.    Not sure if it is water resistant. Hard to tell how durable it is.    This product comes in a \\"frustration free\\" packaging, which is a compact cardboard box. That box itself is shipping worthy. But, Amazon chose to put that box in another HUGE box, and a large piece of packing paper. What a waste! Very disappointing.
0891419063|5.0|E.B. \\"Sledgehammer\\" Sledge has written a classic memoir about his time in the Pacific during the battles of Peleliu and Okinawa.  Serving as a mortar man with K company, 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines, 1st Marine Division, Sledge and his fellow Marines faced the horrors of war first-hand.<br /><br />From the terrible invasion of Peleliu, in which Sledge and his comrades faced terrible enemy fire during the invasion, to Okinawa, where the invasion was virtually unopposed, Sledge and his mortar crew did their duty day in and day out.  Throughout the book, Sledge describes his personal account of each battle.  The Marines were beset with disease, thirst, hunger, and a violent enemy who refused to surrender.  It soon became apparent that the only way for Sledge and the Marines to defeat the Japanese was to kill every one of them.  Sledge and his mortar crew formed an effective fighting unit.  Time and again, they laid down heavy and accurate fire on enemy positions.<br /><br />Aside from describing the horrors of war, including the death of his beloved commander, Capt. Andrew A. Haldane, Sledge also describes his own personal feelings about the war.  He's not ashamed to describe how he felt when he received a letter from home telling him that his beloved dog had died, or the feeling of sadness and rage he felt upon finding out about the death of Capt. Haldane.  Sledge describes his time in combat on Peleliu and Okinawa in a unique and personal style rarely found in other books.<br /><br />Perhaps what I found most interesting was how Sledge's feelings toward the Japanese grew in intensity and hatred.  He describes what he felt like the first time he killed a Japanese soldier and how he felt some remorse afterward.  However, as he became more \\"hardened\\", those feelings disappeared, especially after seeing how the Japanese killed so many of his fellow Marines.<br /><br />This book is a fine piece of military history. Revived by his inclusion in HBO's series \\"The Pacific\\", Sledge's testimony will serve as a true statement to what the Marines really faced against the Japanese.  Written more like a novel than a work of nonfiction, \\"With the Old Breed\\" is recognized as one of the top books on World War II battles.  Highly recommended.a true statement to what the Marines really faced against the Japanese.  Written more like a novel than a work of nonfiction, \\"With the Old Breed\\" is recognized as one of the top books on World War II battles.  Highly recommended.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|Terrific!  The sound quality is amazing and I would highly recommend.  A little pricey, but you get what you pay for.
B000AMJC2K|5.0|Great product, value for money.  Just received and installed it with my 19\\" LCD monitor.  Some joints were a bit tight, but I could loosen them with the allen key.  Am planning to buy another one.
0307271862|4.0|Birgitta Roslin, a judge in the Swedish city of Helsingborg finds herself connected through family ties to a tiny Swedish town of Hesjvallen where the inhabitants were massacred by a knife wielding assailant.   Since Birgitta suddenly has time on her hands due to the necessity of taking sick leave from her work, she decides to visit Hesjvallen to learn more about her distant relatives.  Once there, Birgitta begins to stumble upon clues to the identity of the killer which she takes to the police, but they show not interest in her findings.  The quest to explain the identity of the killer eventually takes Birgitta to China where she finds more than she expected.    Henning Mankell has tied several stories together in a book that spans four continents, hundreds of years and the viewpoints of several characters.  I believe that Mankell has done an excellent job in describing life in Sweden, especially as described in Birgitta's relationships with her husband and coworkers.  The storylines in Europe, Asia and Africa are believable as are the characters for the most part.  The book is well written and the character development is very good.  The author does stray into politics in China and hypothesizes about the future course of China which is a bit of a stretch.      Overall, I really enjoyed reading the Man from Beijing.  However, despite the riveting start, I found the Man from Beijing to be a bit difficult to start.  I am glad that I worked my way through the first few chapters because the book soon became engrossing.  Some other issues that I had include that the book makes a sudden jump from modern day Sweden to China in 1863 and from Birgitta to San who is travelling with his brothers to Canton.    Granted that the jump occurs at the start of a new chapter, but after nine chapters in Sweden, the jump in time, place and protagonist was a bit of a surprise.  The author continues to jump back and forth between characters and location, but soon the reader gets usedto this and the author drops the convention of starting a new chapter to indicate the jumps.    Another issue is the lack of interest on the part of the police in the clues that Birgitta discovers is also surprising, especially since Birgitta finds that a similar massacre occurred elsewhere.  Actually that the whole massacre is pushed to the back burner in the book is a bit of a surprise.  However, the author ties the loose ends at the end of the story.   The author focuses on crime and the death penalty in China a bit much there is a message being presented beyond the story.  Lastly, I found the ending to be a bit abrupt as the story suddenly wound down after so much building.    In summary, a book with flaws, but overall a good thriller that becomes a page turner.  I look forward to reading other books by Mankell.
B001O1O71C|5.0|It is written through the eyes of a child, so expect it to be written a bit elementary.  But oh my goodness, what a beautiful innocent way of seeing the terrible gruesome world during war time.  It could not have been portrait better.  I do recommend reading the book before watching the movie, I like the ending in the book much better.
B000W7JWUA|4.0|Having come back from an excellent holiday where I played this game a couple of times with my brother and nephews, I can say that this game was a great bonding experience - it is really good fun and it is not dominated by luck - skill is needed in terms of placing and strategy - the fact that the board changes each time is an added plus.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|I love everything Twilight but this movie exceeded my expectations. The fight scenes are great. More Vampires and Werewolves! The scene in the woods after the snowstorm is beautiful and almost exactly looked the way I pictured it in my mind when I read the book. I am so looking forward to seeing Breaking Dawn!!!!!
B003PWJS9Y|5.0|This album is truly, something for everybody.....I think most reviews are missing that point.  Each song is uniquely DEV-O, depending on what you like about DEV-O for in the first place.  It's got everything from danceable pop, to a ballad, to lyrical songs that only DEV-O can do.  Even if you don't like 1 or 2 songs......remember, it's called Something for Everybody, not Everything for Everybody.......I highly recommend for old Devotees & to people who have never experienced DEV-O before.  DUTY NOW!!
0061537969|3.0|The Art of Racing In the Rain<br /><br />Being a big fan of \\"man's best friend,\\" I was drawn to (and into) this book, although I believe it was an opportunity missed.  I felt like the author tried much too hard to make this book into more than it was--some grand statement.  Its not enough that the narrator was a dog, but he had to be an impossibly and ridiculously perceptive, emotive, insightful, philosophical, all-seeing, all-knowing dog!!!  Additionally, its not enough that the book is a tale of over the top misfortune, befalling this decent guy who is just trying to get through the day.  The author has to turn the tale into one never ending metaphor of the history and wisdom of auto racing (oxymoron?).  Finally, the ending of the book is so darn schmaltzy, I felt like I needed some Pepto Bismol.  Someone needs to give the author and his editor a Xanax, and to tell them to stop trying so hard.<br /><br />All this having been said, there is a germ of a wonderful book here.  The plot, characters, and inter-species dynamics kept me involved, even with distortion resulting from setting the volume way too high.  While I could see how this book could be a bestseller, I also see it as an opportunity missed.
B003EYVXYG|3.0|With George A. Romero, it's always about social critique. \\"Night of the Living Dead,\\" released at the closing of the 1960s, examined the horrors of war - specifically the Cold War and Vietnam - and the harsh reality of racism. \\"Dawn of the Dead\\" satirized American consumerism. \\"Day of the Dead\\" suggested that man's greatest enemy isn't a world full of zombies, but his fellow man. \\"Land of the Dead\\" explored political divisions between classes in a post-apocalyptic community. \\"Diary of the Dead,\\" structured as a documentary, hinted that the camera can be a weapon just as much as it can be a useful tool. Now we have \\"Survival of the Dead,\\" a contradiction in terms if ever there was one. What is Romero telling us this time around? The answer, I think, can be found in following quote: \\"I like small towns, but small towns give birth to small people.\\"    The small town is Plum Island, located somewhere off the coast of Delaware. The small people of Plum Island are two feuding Irish families, who are divided over the treatment of zombies; the O'Flynns believe that they should be killed (or perhaps it's re-killed) on the spot, whereas the Muldoons believe that they should be kept \\"alive\\" until a cure can be found. Until then, maybe they can be trained to crave meat other than human. Perhaps I'm flawed in that I have trouble believing such an isolated community could exist, especially one that just happens to populated entirely by the Irish. Regardless, the respective elders of each family, Patrick O'Flynn (Kenneth Walsh) and Seamus Muldoon (Richard Fitzpatrick), are annoyingly stubborn men who go at it like gunslingers that salivate at the word \\"draw.\\"    Because of his beliefs, Patrick is cast off to the mainland. Flash forward three weeks; we meet four AWOL National Guard soldiers, led by Sergeant \\"Nicotine\\" Crockett (Alan van Sprung) and a crafty teenager, who learn of Plum Island through an internet video - filmed by Patrick - and decide to go there. This raises seriouslogistical questions, since, within the context of a zombie apocalypse, it's reasonable to assume that there would no longer be people around to keep internet service up and running. Or electricity, for that matter. And yet we see a video playing on a properly working iPhone, which is somehow being charged. We also see brief clips of a late-night talk show, where the host cracks a number of dirty zombie jokes. Ah, so we no longer have functional communities, but we still have comedians working in fully operational television studios. This itself begs the question of who amongst the living still has a sense of humor, what with the zombies eating people up and all.    Apparently, the only one with a sense of humor is Romero, who for \\"Survival of the Dead\\" finds all sorts of amusing ways for the characters to kill off zombies. As long as I live, I don't think I will ever forget the image of Crockett lighting his cigarette from the flaming head of a zombie he shot with a flare gun. Nor will I soon forget the moment a zombie gets a head full of fire extinguisher foam, causing its eyes to pop right out of the sockets. Too bad Romero didn't make this movie in 3-D - he missed out on the opportunity to have eyeballs fly directly at the audience. Too gimmicky? So is killing a zombie with foam from a fire extinguisher. Watching moments like this, one idly wonders why some zombies are mindless eating machines while others seem capable of more complex activities, such as sitting behind the wheel and hitting the gas pedal or endlessly riding a horse.    Most of the zombies are merely shot in the head, which I guess is only fitting since guns play a major role in the plot. I can't think of a single character who doesn't hold a gun, point a gun, or shoot a gun at some point, if not because of the zombies, then because of the other living people, since apparently no one can be trusted in this alternate universe. Honestly, this movie would be the perfect endorsement for the NRA.The more I think about \\"Survival of the Dead,\\" the more I realize that Romero's sermonizing had absolutely no affect on me. All I really got out of it was the hilarity of watching zombies die silly deaths, which is problematic since the basic plot is one of gloomy sincerity. Furthermore, there isn't a single likeable character to be found; this goes double for Patrick and Seamus, which is bad because the tension between them is drastically reduced, pretty much to the point where we no longer care who we think is right and who we think is wrong. Romero has limitless options when it comes to zombie parables, but I'm starting to wonder if they will continue to have the same power they once had. Let's face it - the genre is tired and unoriginal. He should consider other ideas, at least for the time being.
B0001I561E|5.0|Just what I expected.  The DVD played fine.  It had a few minor scratches that did not affect the performance.
0671449028|5.0|I love love this book....I read it to my toddler every night.....She is an amazing auther....I have all her other books too..  They are the best
B003HLM2QO|3.0|His new album isn't too groundbreaking compared to his early solo albums like \\"Blizzard\\" and \\"Diary.\\"    The songs are good. But he just doesn't have much without Zakk.
B003L5LEYW|5.0|This CD is amazing! Talking with Jr Gong last year about the album, he was so excited that he spit some lyrics for me right there on the tour bus!!!!  Just the effort and love that he and his brethren Nas put into it is amazing. This album will please many fans of both artist and will make new fans of people who are only familiar with one or the other.   This CD will change the whole music industry! Hopefully it will bring a sense of consciousness that is missing from the materialistic world of hip hop today! Everybody cannot afford a Maybach and Gucci and we need to get back to what is really important. Not Diamond chains and naked women dancing on poles. We need to know that that is not real life. Cars, clothes and diamond teeth are not going to sustain us in this life. Africa is not the only folks who need to wake up!!! Betta know!  I hope that the world is ready for change...cuz it is here! Nah Mean??  For all of you not use to Jamaican Patios please Google the lyrics or you will be missing out on the serious knowledge that he is dropping alongside Nas! Mr. Marley and Nas together is like Rice and Peas! The Bomb!!! Check it! Must Have! Don't copy your friends! BUY IT!!   I count my blessings for Nas and Jr. Gong... big up to My Brother Stephen for holding down the production side.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|BOTH CASE AND DVD WERE IN GOOD CONDITION. I WILL PURCHASE FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN!
1401223176|5.0|Hush is one of those rare stories that grips onto you and never lets go. This is jigsaw puzzle of a story and a dam good one. All the twist and turn keep coming and they never feel force or cramped. It keeps building and when you get to the end, you'll be begging for some more. It has everthing, romance, loads of action, drama, and mystery. It is my favorite Batman story of all time and maybe the best story I've every read. Hush....
B002UXRGM0|5.0|Why write what's been written hundreds of times?  This is a fantastic set, full of information and beautiful images: many caught on film for the first time.  If you own a BR player and not this, you have issues.
B001TODCII|2.0|Good thing I was able to borrow this DVD. First, the acting was pretty good (hence the two stars)- what very little of it that there was in this movie.    A bunch of unrealistic, stupid, macho, testosterone driven drivel.    I am tired of these movies where in this instance, one super-tough guy can single-handedly take on three levels of entire crime syndicate, in addition to avoiding the entire French intelligence force and kill about 50 tough macho thugs with an entire arsenal at their disposal while he only occasionally picks up a gun.    An unrealistic fantasy. Blech!
B001FB563E|4.0|This is probably the 2nd time in my life I \\"read the book\\" first.  Similar to No Country for Old Men, the film is a very close adaption of Cormack McCarthy's vision: this time a very bleak near-future.  My only real complaint is that, while it received an R rating, some of the shock value of the book is missing.  That's not to say there are no disturbing images, as there are plenty.  It's a great film, but you must be in the right mind to fully enjoy it.
B001HN69AY|4.0|If there is one thing the British are good at, that would be making very original movies, and none excel at this better than Terry Gilliam.  Their latest release is this combination of drama, fantasy, action and comedy.  Starring a cast of many famous actors, this movie is probably the biggest release so far for the red-headed beauty Lily Cole.  Like all of Gilliam's movies, this one deals with fantasy but is ultimately about relationships, and what one does for love and friendship.  Unlike Gilliam's previous movies, this one had to wait until recently in order to be made.  The story calls for an impressive use of visual effects, and the movie would not work without them.  Luckily, the effects are very believable and flow smoothly from one shot to the next.  The acting is also great, with an ensemble cast and no real lead actor.  Instead, we have 5 different male characters, with one of them, Tony, being played by four different actors.  Overall, a great movie that is very enjoyable.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|I have to say I love this film.  I too saw it when it was released in the theatres many years ago.  In contrast to the film Sense and Sensibility, released during the same time, this film has a realism about it that Hollywood can not recreate or tolerate.  In fact, it's realism adds to it's charm.  A. Root as Ann is perfect.  I really don't know what people are talking about when they say she is not beautiful, her inner self shines through to the point that Root is beautiful too.  C. Hinds is magnificent and when he reads/voiceover his letter to Ann proclaiming his love for her I continue to be stilled and awed.  Perfect adaption proving that it's  never too late to love.
0307277453|5.0|First time I heard about the discovery of Tiktaalik fossil, a couple years ago, I was interested to know more about this striking story and its various implications on our knowledgement of the vertebrate Biology. From the early fishes of the Silurian to modern Tetrapods, the author review the most intriguing anato-physiologic features of human beings, showing us how we share these beautiful - and sometimes weird - anatomical traits. Neil Shubin's book is a didactic way to understand how we become humans - from fishes through the most basal mammal-like reptile lineages - and how they become the most succesful vertebrate lineage inhabiting the lands until the present days. Certainlly, a brilliant narrative and good insights can be found within this book.
B000R9J3XE|5.0|amazing cd, it even ha #1 crush which is rare and i believe it is their best song ever. you've gotta buy this
B003RNXIBK|5.0|In this CD Eminem makes several references to how he's back to his old self and he isn't lying.  This is easily his best CD since some of his early stuff that was just amazing.  Listen closely to his lyrics on this entire album and you will appreciate it immensely.  I can play this CD over and over and not get tired of it. \\"Love the Way You Lie\\" is in my opinion the best on the album and one of his best of all time. You'd be doing yourself a disservice by not listening to this if you even slightly care for Eminem.
B002NVTBOU|4.0|I enjoyed listening to this disc. I read about Sonia in a Latino magazine while I was at a doctors appt. Out of all the artists featured she seemed to interest me the most. Thanks for making this cd available and I have enjoyed listening to her heart felt, rich smoky voice.  Kim
B001R0KH3M|5.0|I purchased this DVD for my Father's Day present after seeing it at a local Best Buy store.  As another reviewer mentioned, the rendition of Chick Corea's \\"Spain\\" was remarkable.  I for one wasn't bothered by the audience participation, as several reviewers noted.  I thought the production didn't overemphasize the crowd--on the contrary, it made the performance feel like I was there with the audience.  I also appreciated the respect the producer showed each of the musicians by using simple camera shots without excessive cuts, allowing us to immerse ourselves in the musicianship of the players.  The only quibble I have with the Blu-Ray version of this disc is that the picture and sound were occasionally out of synch, particularly during drum or percussion solos.  Other than that, a singular achievement.
1416550550|5.0|This book caught me from the very beginning.  I loved the multi-generational story that at first was hard to keep track of but by the end it all flowed so easily.  This was my book club's choice and I can't wait to discuss it with everybody!  A great read!
0545123275|4.0|Shiver is a complete re-imagining of werewolf mythology with an amazing love story. The book is written with alternating first person points of view and the format worked well. We get to learn what both Grace and Sam are thinking, so there's never any doubt to how they feel about one another. It was refreshing to see a couple that didn't have internal relationship problems. Their love was never in question. The danger to their relationship was external, in the form of Sam being a werewolf.<br /><br />I wasn't completely sold on the mechanics of Shiver's werewolf transformations. The temperature causes the shifts between human and werewolf. If it's too cold out, the werewolves are in wolf form, When the temperature rises, they return to their human forms. I couldn't wrap my head around why it would work that way. The question of whether it was science or magic that caused the shifts was brought up in the book, but ultimately dismissed as not mattering. Without even a hint as to why the temperature mattered so much, I found myself a little distracted from the story. Even a very inaccurate guess would have satisfied my curiosity.<br /><br />The love story between Grace and Sam was one of the best I've ever read. It started out a little weird, with Grace being obsessed and quite possibly in love with what she believes is a normal wolf. Once she spends some time with Sam in human form, she has weird feelings as though she is cheating on her wolf until she remembers that Sam and her wolf are one in the same. Further revelations make these feelings a bit more understandable, but it was still kind of strange.<br /><br />Sam and Grace take their relationship slow physically even though they have know they have a limited time together. The fact that they may be separated forever was never used as an excuse to rushed intimacy. Rational decisions were made even while dealing with an intense connection and attraction, This was very refreshing and did wonders to exhibit the maturity of the characters. There feelings towards one another could truly be taken at face value as it was never possible to attribute their relationship to lust, obsession or any of the other emotions often passed off as love in other young adult paranormals.<br /><br />Shiver was a delightful surprise. The story was great, but the best part was the real, raw emotion that filled each page. The feelings I experienced while reading the book will be with me for a very long time.here feelings towards one another could truly be taken at face value as it was never possible to attribute their relationship to lust, obsession or any of the other emotions often passed off as love in other young adult paranormals.    Shiver was a delightful surprise. The story was great, but the best part was the real, raw emotion that filled each page. The feelings I experienced while reading the book will be with me for a very long time.
B003HTPHSQ|4.0|I been a fan of Cyndi Lauper since the beginning, she is an amazing artist.Unlike alot of the reviewers, I bought all the albums she came out with.It is great that she has found some new fans, but for the true original fans like me, who do not listen to blues as much, it's really not my cup of tea.Cyndi does an amazing job on cd and probably get a grammy nomination and win.Alot of people forget Cyndi was also nominated for Grammys for her last three CD's as well.I really loved her last CD \\"Bring ya to the Brink\\" with songs like \\"Into The Nightlife\\" and \\"Echo\\" also \\"Rain on me\\" showed off powerful vocals in dance music, Cyndi is no stranger to dance music, she has done it since the beginning remember \\"You make loving fun\\".Cyndi did get a grammy nomination for that Cd and should of won,I find \\"Bring Ya to the Brink\\" way better than \\"Memphis Blues\\", I play that CD alot and still, but \\"Memphis Blues\\" I played three times and probably sit on the shelf, I'm not a fan of the blues.\\"Memphis Blues\\" Cd cover is the best album cover... she looks very beautiful, I wish that was the cover of her last CD.The songs on the CD I liked are \\"Crossroads\\" and \\"Don't cry no more\\".I will still support Cyndi in all music she does because she can sing any type of genre and I learn to appreciate new genres.Although, I wish she did another Dance or Punk/new wave type of CD, I would be honest and say I really don't like this genre very much, because of that I should be giving it 3 out of 5 stars,but since Cyndi did such an amazing job I will give it 4, I do not like the blues.. so it gets a star off sorry.Great job Cyndi..keep up the great work like always, love you.
0393072231|5.0|An engaging read, well written, from a very different perspective.  Mr. Lewis manages to wade through a convoluted jungle of outlandish creatures and distill it down to layman's terms and human motivations.  A must read for the average Joe wanting to understand how it could have gone so wrong.
B00127RAJY|4.0|Jillian's work out plan is intensive, hard but totally doable if you've ever worked out before.  You'll sweat, you'll curse but you will get in better shape.  I've been using the 30 Day Shred for about 2 weeks and I feel stronger and a little leaner.  I strongly recommend this dvd but I do have a few gripes:  - Jillian gets extremely annoying after a few days, or pretty much immediately.  Once you've done each routine a few times and know what's coming, mute the sound and play some fun tunes.  - You can't skip the long introduction.    - This work out is hard on the knees because of all the jumping.  Seriously, if you have issues with your knees you shouldn't do this work out because you'd have to sit out every other exercise.    I absolutely despise working out and only do so because I'm trying to get back to pre-pregnancy weight.  I prefer doing yoga in a studio but with a young baby at home, a work out DVD is more convenient.  The daily 20 minute routine is easy to fit into nap time.  So far, in combination with a leaner diet, I've lost about 5 lbs doing the 30 Day Shred.  I have about 5 lbs more to go.
B001CDLATE|3.0|Great images great quality great scenes but what is the point, what is the message, is it that the earth is beautifull and that humans are spiritual but that we destroy the earth???? As the message was concernd i found it empty and very long take 20 minutes off and it would have been fine but god i was glad it was over and just started to consider if it was really worth the money. Give me planet earth from the BBC anytime. Not one smile of the people in the movie it was kind of deppresing, beautifull images but for some reason I felt deppressed watching it. The only real good scene are the ones of majors cities fast forwarded but at the end also way to long. No story line way to long way to depressing.
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|Typical Nas Album. Some of the beats are more mellow reggae style some are more hip hop style. The album captures both the Jamaican and American feel. They have EXCELLENT chemistry on that album.
B003K07DUC|1.0|not only is this movie terrorist-sympathizing propaganda, but my review from a few days ago has been removed, proving the forces behind this HORRIBLE MOVIE despise freedom of speech.  so here i am again, to inform any fence-sitters, to avoid this movie at all costs.
0823003590|4.0|Altho I have been drawing and painting for years, I have never tried portraits. It just so happened that I am taking a class using this method. I have found it to be good for me as a beginner of portraits. Mr. Maughan teaches you to see shadow and light and teaches each phase of portrait drawing step by step. Very expressive and easy to understnd instruction.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|When I saw New Moon I thought it was so great and way better than Twilight. Well, Eclipse is wayyy better than New Moon. As always, they stick VERY close to the books (I re-read to make sure) and the big fight was great. I love action/horror movie so I was so excited to see the fight scene was not toned down. I know fans will love it and this movie may be the one to bring in new fans for the last two. Great movie, can't wait to see it a bunch more!
B0000VCZK2|5.0|If your an Alien fan this is the collection to get. Not only do you get all four movies, but you get them twice.  Theatrical cut and the Directors extended version. Not to mention all the extras you could ever imagin.    I am very glad that I now have this collection.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|THE GREATEST ENTERTAINER OF ALL TIME. EVEN WITH HIS MEDICAL PROBLEMS HE HAD ENOUGH ENERGY TO DO THIS PROJECT. ENJOYED IT VERY MUCH. BILL.
B000002A3T|5.0|Since it just happened again, I decided I finally have to write something. If this album were released today, it would go platinum overnight. What has been happening over the past two years is that whenever I have company, co-workers dropping by, neighbors, etc, -they all say,\\" what album is that playing,\\"\\" can I hear it again,\\"\\" go do what you were doing I just want to listen to this again \\"\\" can I borrow this CD\\" This CD, start to finish is magnificent. Fantastic album. Everyone ends up with a copy one way or another. Everyone says they play it repeatedly. So that is my experience with this CD. I have a copy in my car and another in my house. The thing is when it came out in 1995 it did well, but it is even better now. This album is magic.
1401227821|5.0|I have been a fan of Adam Hughes' artwork for a long time and it's a real treat to see his DC comic book covers nicely reproduced in this art book. It is also a treat to see the preliminary sketches and read his commentary on his work. Not only is he a great artist, but he also has a great sense of humor and reading this book was just as much fun as looking through it. I would have loved to see more of his covers reproduced in black/white (right next to the final colored versions) to be able to appreciate his inking/rendering techniques, but that is just a personal preference. This is a great book and I would recommend it to anyone who has enjoyed Adam Hughes' work in comics.
B0030ZOYHC|5.0|I'll start by saying that I am not the biggest Evangelion fan, and I would never claim to be. I don't own every piece of merchandise available. I don't even own a single soundtrack compilation. But, I will say that I am an artist, and an animation student at the moment, and that I have basically purchased the entire series twice before (starting on my third time with 1.11, huh?). I have both the \\"Perfect Collection\\" DVD boxset, and the \\"Platinum Collection\\", as well as for \\"Death of Evangelion.\\" During the years that I've owned these, I have watched the series from start to finish at least 20 times (I was going to say 200, but that wouldn't be too realistic!) and have basically taken in as much as I could possibly have taken in from it.<br /><br />With all of that said, I feel that 1.11 is nothing short of Amazing! The improvements made to the art and animation are many and noticeable (Not like a certain other anime I know that's getting similar treatment. I'm looking at you, DBZ!) and I don't believe you need the eye of an artist to notice. If you are an Eva fan, then you were probably left itching for more and you owe it to yourself to get this movie. It's more than triple worth that of its price, and you won't regret it!
1595825045|5.0|I purchased this book to understand all the aspects involved in the conception and design of this animated series and found it to be highly informative in every way. The authors, successful animators before beginning the project, envisioned a world of people and creatures that have become a favorite for young and old alike. And upon the completion of the animated series, inspired a Hollywood director to take on the task of making a live action movie. The concept art is great and each section is divided into the chapters and episodes of the animated series. If you've purchased all three seasons of the animated series on DVD, this book is a great guide, covering certain high points of the episodes. The authors also mention events that progress the making of the series and people that helped with making it a reality. If you've watched the series, may I suggest that you purchase this book for I believe you will be impressed and, as a companion to the animated series, this book will be treasured for many years to come.
B003HARV3Y|4.0|The special effects are cool. The characters are interesting but I can't quit the feeling that something is missing. It runs for 120 mins but it seems short. As for Medusa this is one of the more attractive I've seen and believe me there are creepier versions out there. Totally love the centaur and the junior protector.
B003AMAOW4|4.0|The visual part of this DVD is sore; the production is awful; the vocal is glorious.  Have Europeans worn out their sense of beauty and aesthetics? An imaginative production need not be banal or misconstrue the text.  Wagner's Lohengrin does not require this kind of reinterpretation which is a diservice to the composer's vision and to a masterpiece.<br />  The soloists are vocally spectacular.  Jonas Kaufmann is the best Lohengrin of this generation and possibly of the past half century. Anja Harteros and Michaela Schuster are authoritative interpreeters of Elsa and Ortrud in this most beautiful score. The remainder of the cast, the chorus and the orchestra under Kent Nagano are simply wonderful. I thoroughly enjoyed listening to the recording.  I highly recommend, turning the visual screen off so you don't have to experience the disjunction that exists between the text and music, and what you are seeing on the screen. Whoever saw Lohengrin, instead of riding a swan, walk in carrying a stuffed dead swan in his arms? What are Lohengrin and Elsa doing laying bricks in the middle of the day? The performance goes on and on like this for the 200 minutes that the opera lasts. Since so far a CD version is not available, I recommend you buy the DVD, turn off the visual, just sit back, close your eyes and enjoy a most memorable Lohengrin. We don't need to see this travesty. The CD would have been just fine and a lot less expensive.
B000GCFO0I|5.0|It came much earlier then I had expected. The quality was beyond Like-new. In fact, I wouldn't have known otherwise if told it was new!I love it and the shipping was great~
B003L16FAE|5.0|I am a bluray fanatic, All my Tv's are either 120hz or 240hz Samsungs...Anyway after viewing the original Predator bluray I was a little dissapointed with all the grain...Some people love grain, feels that it gives movies the hard edge of realness...I am not a fan of grainy blurays I prefer crisp clean sharp transfers, as long as its natural and doesnt take away from the movie i.e. \\"Pirates of the Caribbean Curse of the Black Pearl\\" etc...Anyway, for all those curious about the newly remastered (Yess) newly remastered version of Predator let me tell you that, \\"You Will Not Be Dissapointed\\"! Fox has outdone themselves with this transfer I guess to promote the upcoming movie \\"Predators\\"...This version, \\"Predator Ultimate Hunter Edition\\" Is definitely demo material compared to its predecessor and is sharp all throughout with excellent colors of the jungle that pop out at you & may notice things in certain scenes that you never did before due to the originally grainy versions \\"Like Arnold standing in the jungle and noticing the sweat slide down his cheek\\". During certain parts of the movie I did notice a bit of dark scenes but nothing to complain about. Also the movie is packed with extas which will be enjoyed by any fan of the the original movie, Schwarzenegger at his best!!!  Sound Quality is superb and sounds excellent on my system I have a yamaha reciever & kllpsch premium speakers... Finally I highly recommend this bluray to any fan of the movie or franchise, and also to anyone who has purchased the previous bluray and dvd versions, THIS ONE IS A MUST!
B000056VJ7|4.0|There have been a lot of conflicting things said about Bat Out Of Hell over the years, sometimes from the same source.  The review in the All Music Guide uses the word \\"silly\\"\\" four times and \\"ridiculous\\" twice--while giving it five stars, its highest rating.  I think that pretty much says it all; just a couple of questions I'd add:         Am I the only one who thinks All Revved Up With No Place To Go is far and away the best song on the album?  It doesn't seem to get mentioned much, but to me it's four minutes of pure excitement.       Do other people skip Heaven Can Wait?  To my ears, mellow Meatloaf is kind of like decaf coffee or non-alcoholic beer--what's the point?       The rest is pretty much fun ear candy if you're in the mood.
B003ELOQD4|2.0|I received this and The Bruce Springsteen, London Calling BluRays the same day. After watching Springsteen I couldn't even sit through this. I seriously don't see how this could have been shot on HD equipment. The difference between this and the Springsteen concert is like the difference between a DVD and a VHS tape. Heck, The Who, Live at Kilburn, which was shot 33 years ago looks better than this. Strangely, some of the bonus material (specifically the making of feature)is of far better resolution. The 2011 leg of the tour, where the band replaced some of the weaker new material with songs from Achtung Baby and Zooropa was far better.  This video could have been improvedhad they waited for a later concert after the show and setlist had been perfected.
1401227821|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo2D7QQ3EADXJZ2]]\\"When he draws me, I feel like a princess!\\" - Diana P. Themyscera<br /><br />\\"HIS COVERS ARE SO GOOD, IT'S CRIMINAL!\\" - Selina Kyle<br /><br />With praises from Wonder Woman, Catwoman and almost Theodore Roosevelt, how can this book be bad?<br /><br />This 208-page hardcover is filled with beautiful illustrations, each reprinted full page on low gloss paper. Nice. Additionally, there are also pencil sketches and layout that look and feel as good. And every cover comes with insightful commentary from Adam Hughes, so you can find out which is his favourite cover or who's his disliked superhero. Besides the paintings, there are also pictures of figurines and other merchandise created for these characters. Cool.<br /><br />The main characters for this art book are Wonder Woman and Catwoman, occasionally other superheroes from DC (and only DC) as well. The paintings are gorgeous and glorious. The colours, stylized rendering, glow, and the looks on the faces are all so alluring.<br /><br />My favourite, among other favourites, is the mugshot of Catwoman, with tears mixed with eye shadow streaming down her cheeks. I like the fact that each cover reveals a bit of the personality and story subtly.<br /><br />Cover Run is a wonderful collection of quality covers.<br /><br />Highly recommended to fans, collectors and artists.<br /><br />(There are more pictures of the book on my blog. Just visit my Amazon profile for the link.)
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|I found Season 1 of \\"Dexter\\" in a used record store about 2 years ago for a great price.<br /><br />I put off watching it because of my apprehension about its violence and gore but after viewing the complete Season 1 I realize all my fears were unnecessary.<br /><br />I loved Michael C. Hall's portrayal of uptight David Fisher in \\"Six Feet Under\\" and he has the acting ability and personality to pull off essaying a character as complex as Dexter Morgan.<br /><br />At first, I despised Lauren Velez as Lt. Maria Laguerta because of her self-serving attitude and nasty power-tripping but she has become a very likeable character. The writers have slowly peeled back the layers of Maria and let her vulnerable, human qualities come to the surface.<br /><br />C.S. Lee as Vince Masuka is hysterical to watch as he makes lewd comments to any females in the vicinity that border on sexual harrassment.<br /><br />The acting and writing on \\"Dexter\\" is all top-drawer.<br /><br />I feared the story content and locale would borrow from the CSI franchise, which I have seen and cannot say I enjoy at all. The murky photography and MTV-style editing do not sit well with this viewer. I was glad to see \\"Dexter\\" does not share these negative traits.<br /><br />Though it took a few episodes to get hooked, once the Ice Truck Killer plotline kicked in, I was addicted and had to pace myself to one or two episodes a night until I got to the gripping Season Finale. I did have an inkling of the killer's identity though, due to the way the character was introduced.<br /><br />The creepiest scenes were in Episode #10 (\\"Seeing Red\\") where Dexter encounters a horrificly bloody crime scene which unleashes some disturbing repressed memories. (The hotel room rivals the infamous room 237 from \\"The Shining\\" featuring those creepy twin girls).<br /><br />Thankfully, there is not a lot of gratuitious gore in the series, considering it's a cable property.<br /><br />If you are unsure of this series due to its premise, the gore is minimal and is as tastefully handled as can be. I highly recommend \\"Dexter\\" as one of the best current offerings on TV.remise, the gore is minimal and is as tastefully handled as can be. I highly recommend \\"Dexter\\" as one of the best current offerings on TV.
0805091742|5.0|I gave a copy of this book to my surgeon!  Dr. Hanson had read other books by Atul Gawande and was impressed, but he hadn't heard of this one.  The simple fact that (after my May 27th surgery) I brought a copy for my 'followup' appointment  -- and gave it to my surgeon -- should speak louder than words.  Oh, and it has motivated me to start creating checklists for my backpacking trips.  I hope to create (and refine) several over an impending 485-mile hike of the Colorado Trail.  My favorite \\"a checklist would have fixed this\\" blooper was that of a friend who left on a backpacking trip and discovered on night one that her tent wasn't in the backpack.  (We all do stuff like this!)  Dr. Gawande's book is sorely needed both within and outside the 'medical community'....
B0015D3Z4O|4.0|Madonna's \\"Hard Candy\\" was met with mixed reviews when originally released in April 2008.<br /><br />While the album does have a few faults, I would place it on par with 2005's \\"Confessions on a Dance Floor\\". Most critics hailed \\"Confessions\\" as a much-welcomed return to Madonna's early dance-music roots. I, for one, wish that COADF had been more varied, something that \\"Hard Candy\\" manages better than its predecessor.<br /><br />While the opener \\"Candy Shop\\" sounds like something that would be more at home on a Britney Spears CD, it's a little better than \\"4 Minutes\\", which is the weakest track here despite the fact it received lots of radio airplay and reached #1 in some markets.<br /><br />Madonna unfortunately seems desperate on this album to work with then-mega-successful producers such as Timbaland and Justin Timberlake, and their sounds overshadow her own.<br /><br />Fortunately, things improve greatly on the next few songs.<br /><br />\\"Give It To Me\\" is a fantastic club song and should have been the first single. It's relentless beat and \\"Get stupid\\" interlude make this one a standout.<br /><br />The same can be said for \\"Heartbeat\\", with it's pulsing beat making the song itself seem like it has a lifeline. The Timbaland effect actually works in its favour. Again a clever interlude (\\"See my booty get down\\") makes it fun and memorable.<br /><br />\\"Miles Away\\" also received airplay and its personal lyrics made a connection between Madonna and fans since her separation from Guy Ritchie became public shortly after the release of this CD. \\"Miles\\" is serviceable but not outstanding.<br /><br />\\"She's Not Me\\" on the other hand, though much too long to be radio-friendly, is absolutely the song that makes this CD a must-have for me. It has a great 1979 retro-vibe from the first note, borrowing heavily the Nile Rogers/Bernard Edwards \\"Chic\\" sound which I have loved since 1979. The bells and chimes are very Anita-Ward-like and it even has Donna Summer-type \\"toot-toot, beep-beep\\" whistles. To top it off, former Prince guitarist Wendy (of Wendy and Lisa fame) provides ample support. The strings on the outro are gorgeous. Madonna is always great when in \\"defensive-tough-chick/stay-away-from-my-man\\" mode (think \\"Thief of Hearts\\") and I can't praise this track enough.<br /><br />\\"Incredible\\" seems like some sort of hot mess upon first listen, but there is something engaging about it, especially the second half when it gets a little more frantic.<br /><br />Another winner is \\"Beat Goes On\\" which is also rather retro-sounding. Ironically, it has the same tempo and reminds me of the 1980 hit \\"And The Beat Goes On\\" by The Whispers. I could do without the Kanye West appearance since I can't usually stand his arrogance, but the rest of the song is so good, I can tolerate him here.<br /><br />\\"Dance 2Night\\" is an average mid-tempo track. I would probably like it better if it didn't have the Justin Timberlake influence.<br /><br />While many reviews have panned the Mexican-flavored \\"Spanish Lesson\\", I find it a lot of fun. Madonna sounds very playful delivering the sometimes non-sensical lyrics. Also working in its favor, it sounds different from anything else on the album.<br /><br />Unfortunately, the last two tracks are kind of a let-down. \\"Devil Wouldn't Recognize You\\" is competent enough, but it's another JT rip-off and \\"Voices\\" is forgettable at best.<br /><br />I would say about half this album is average, but the standouts still make it a worthwhile purchase.eep-beep\\" whistles. To top it off, former Prince guitarist Wendy (of Wendy and Lisa fame) provides ample support. The strings on the outro are gorgeous. Madonna is always great when in \\"defensive-tough-chick/stay-away-from-my-man\\" mode (think \\"Thief of Hearts\\") and I can't praise this track enough.<br /><br />\\"Incredible\\" seems like some sort of hot mess upon first listen, but there is something engaging about it, especially the second half when it gets a little more frantic.<br /><br />Another winner is \\"Beat Goes On\\" which is also rather retro-sounding. Ironically, it has the same tempo and reminds me of the 1980 hit \\"And The Beat Goes On\\" by The Whispers. I could do without the Kanye West appearance since I can't usually stand his arrogance, but the rest of the song is so good, I can tolerate him here.<br /><br />\\"Dance 2Night\\" is an average mid-tempo track. I would probably like it better if it didn't have the Justin Timberlake influence.<br /><br />While many reviews have panned the Mexican-flavored \\"Spanish Lesson\\", I find it a lot of fun. Madonna sounds very playful delivering the sometimes non-sensical lyrics. Also working in its favor, it sounds different from anything else on the album.<br /><br />Unfortunately, the last two tracks are kind of a let-down. \\"Devil Wouldn't Recognize You\\" is competent enough, but it's another JT rip-off and \\"Voices\\" is forgettable at best.<br /><br />I would say about half this album is average, but the standouts still make it a worthwhile purchase.
3836501910|2.0|Terry Richardson manages to make the human body as well as sex seem vile and disgusting. His photos have no redeeming qualities other than for shock value but once you get passed being shocked, what do you have left? Not much at all.<br /><br />The only reason you might want to buy and keep this book is for when Richardson dies or goes to jail, which given the way he seems to live will probably be soon. Then you could maybe sell it for a profit. Personally, I'm getting rid of this book because no one who came to my house or studio would be impressed with it, even models. Basically, it's the type of book I wouldn't be caught dead with by anyone I admire.
B002ZG997C|5.0|An epic masterpiece with a grand performance by Denzel Washington as Eli, a self proclaimed prophet, traveling West to his unknown destiny. The wastelands of post apocalypse America are filmed in New Mexico...direction, cinematography, costumes, plot, script and casting all top notch.<br /><br />Eli's 30 years of walking encompass spiritual awakening and enlightenment for the viewer and many of those who cross his path (those who survive, anyhow). The plot centers around delivering a rare \\"book of faith\\" to an unknown place...mystery, drama, action and sci-fi horror abounding. Washington really extends his notable talent to portray a multifaceted character...a pariah, an enigma, a saint, a survivor with lightning fast reflexes, and yes, someone who eats what is necessary to survive, even a cat. Realism involves distasteful scenes, but it never fails to fascinate me on how callous we become to the suffering of humans...and yet, our horror and outrage cannot be contained if another species is harmed in a scene...reminiscent of watching Mr. Jingles get stomped in the Green Mile...kill all the humans, just don't hurt the animals! Hmmmm...<br /><br />Great supporting cast of Gary Oldman as the CEO (Carnegie) of the new Wastelands. Mila Kunis (Solara) is terrific as Eli's traveling companion, reluctant protege, and the movie's visual delight. Those cool layered post apocalyptic clothes might catch on! Another memorable character is Jennifer Beals (who plays Claudia, Solara's mother and Carnegie's blind concubine). Beals emotes a surprising and welcome acting range, in having little choice in being a companion to an evil villain.<br /><br />I loved thi movie, because it is provocative....and to read reviewers bickering over whether this movie is religious or spiritual is an interesting observation...indeed. The Bible being both the impetus of destruction and salvation.....thumbs way up!
B003HE2B9E|4.0|Orianthi is an excelent singer/guitar player. Her songs are strong, her voice is beautiful and her guitar solos very powerful. I highly recommend this album.
B003K1EYM6|1.0|Does this product sell for retail of $29. ???  Wow. Hardly resembles this price. - not to mention the shipping.
B002T9H2L0|3.0|I Enjoyed Blu Ray of this movie. Usual Tarantino use of quirky narrative juxtapositions, excellent performances from actors (Gestapo officer here is excellent.) anachronistic music, dialog and cultural assumptions and over the top violence. The problem is the protagonists are directly involved with historical figures and what happens to them in the film did not happen. There is a reel missing at the end of the movie in my view. As my own inferior suggestion by way solely of example, If one of the basterds had not been killed in the cellar bar then one could cut from the end of the movie to him being revived by Landa or the Basterds, the realization all was still to play for but then we would have to imagine why and how it did not happen.
B0039UTDA6|5.0|This is a great DVD collection.  There are a lot of amazing animals, many of which I have never heard of.  Anyone who enjoys watching nature programs will absolutely love this DVD.
B000002LCB|5.0|I loved the movie, and this soundtrack is icing on the cake! I highly reccommend this cd! Two thumbs up!
B003JLA4KS|5.0|Yes, this is a \\"must have\\" as everyone below attests to.<br /><br />I just wanted to throw a \\"hell yeah\\" to the company that produced the documentary.  What a great job they did.  I'd seen some of the pictures and video they had in the documentary before but they did a stellar job in cleaning them up  for HD.  The presentation was fluid.  The direction was great.  I didn't see the usual \\"guy with a mic\\" and \\"guy walking past the camera\\".  It was truly masterful direction.  It was just a great documentary!  I look forward to seeing whatever this company does next.
B00003CX8Y|3.0|I was thrilled to finally get a copy after searching tons of stores. However. When watching I wasn't happy with the remastering, you could tell where they touched up things. Colors would be to bright. They also added in a scene, that I don't remember, and could have done without.  I wish I still had a VCR to watch a classic that doesn't need an added scene and too much remastering.
1569242739|5.0|This tiny book packs a mighty punch with a great array of easy to follow recipes and pictures so that you can tell you are on the right track.  Vegan does not mean low calorie, so be warned.  I highly recommend this book be added to your shelf.
1573226521|5.0|Great read, I enjoyed it.  I never really considered reading the book after watching the movie two or three times over the years.  But I picked it up and flipped through it in a bookstore/coffee shop in Thailand, after reading a few pages I bought it and couldn't put it down.  The plot is very different from how it was portrayed in the movie once they arrive on the beach, so it was like taking in a completely fresh story.
B001R4CKGU|1.0|Tinkers was the only one of 6 books I could not finish reading over the last week.  Here are the reasons...    The book is a rambling discourse of a dying mans thoughts and flashbacks written in such  a way that it is difficult to get a trend of a storyline.  It is painful reading.  I made 2 attempts at reading it for our book group.  In the first attempt I got as far as 30 pages  before I had had enough. I thought maybe that was because I had just read a whole book that day.  So... since it was a book group assignment, I made another stab fresh the next day.  Around page   15 I had to put the book down.       I would definitely not recommnend this book.                              Jack Mroczkowski
B002C6A6N6|5.0|I purchased this about a month ago.  This is an amazing deal for an amazing series.  We can't stop watching it.  It's like a good novel...we always want to watch just one more episode. ;)  It's a great family series....but there is some occasional language or questionable content that isn't best for kids.  But, over all it's a great and fairly clean series.  As for the quality of the DVDs and the cases, I would probably give them 5 stars as well.  So far, there have been no issues with the DVDs and the cases are holding up just fine!    I would definitely recommend this to others...in fact, I already have started to :)
0525423842|4.0|I did not know that John Grisham had a new book out, I was made aware of this by Amazon. John Grisham is one of my favourite authors and I enjoyed the book, I just thought it ended too quickly. Overall a very good book! Thanks Amazon, plus, delivery was indeed speedy.
B0039OGGVQ|4.0|I was impressed when I downloaded this album.  It's good old-fashioned a$$-kicking rock and roll.  Excellent guitar and great vocals especially from Ian Astbury, Fergie and Chris Cornell.
B0039UTDA6|1.0|I watched a few episodes of \\"Life\\" on TV and was disappointed with both Oprah Winfrey's narration, which lacked any real informational content and was delivered in such a monotone voice that I could hardly stand to listen to her, and the content seemed to be a rehash of several other nature documentaries I have seen over the years.  The cinematography was its only saving grace.
B003JYOFIW|4.0|Back when I first got turned on to Devo in 1978, most of my running buddies were into Aerosmith, AC/DC, Led Zep, Stones, etc.  I still have the late 70 to early 80s Devo vinyl, and the first two in particular got played so many times that it's a wonder they didn't melt.  When I tried to turn most of my friends on to them, they reacted pretty unanimously the same:  \\"WTF (we didn't have those three letters back in those days, but the saying was the same) is this?\\", and \\"This is just too damn weird for me\\".    Maybe it was the quirky album covers that turned them off, but the truth is that Devo rocked every bit as hard (and often harder) than any of the so called \\"mainstream\\" bands of the day.  There was clearly a calculated, conceptual, artsy, and intellectual thing going on. Hell, they were produced by Brian Eno, who had been hanging out with calculated, conceptual, artsy, and intellectual folks like David Bowie, Roxy Music, and Talking Heads for years.      What appealed to me for the same reason those other Eno related bands did was that they were all going way beyond just making great music.  They were part of the contemporary art scene.  Maybe -that's- what turned most of my friends at the time off.    Anyway, fast forward 32 years or so, and I'm spinning \\"Something for everybody\\" in the stereo for about the fifth or so time within about a week's time span.    There's no telling whether the song selection was truly selected by a focus group.  It wouldn't be surprising if that's just part of the conceptual art these guys have been doing their whole career.  Focus group selected or not, the songs have Devo's trademark irreverence, irony, and keep an intense pace like in the old days.  The songs will surely take on multiple dimensions once they're played live with the whole audio visual thing Devo invented before the term even existed, but my one complaint about \\"Something..\\" is that the vast majority of the album is played in the exact same key, so as a whole, the songs begin to sound like one long song with constantly changing lyrics.  Maybe that was the intent all along, and maybe that might cause concert goers to go into a trance that much quicker.    Wonder why Eno didn't get onboard, and if he had, what the final result would have been.     Be that as it may, the Mothersbaugh and Casale brothers are still kicking some serious a** just like back in the day.
1572814349|5.0|I was a bit reluctant about this deck at first - It just seemed a bit overdone, but then I started using it regularly and have absolutely fallen in love with it.  It has lovely imagery, a lush hand feel and the gold edges are a real plus.  The book that comes with the deck is a real treat - lucid and well presented.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|I was very skeptical on buying this online due to I am a collector so was afraid of receiving it damaged or used but this shipment came in a timely manner and packaged nicely so it was in mint condition. I look forward to purchasing more from this merchant.
0316098337|5.0|I've been walking around for a couple of days, mulling over what I wanted to say about this book. It's very challenging. This is a daring effort in the sense that when we think of \\"the abducted\\" we consider their reactions from the point of view of informed intelligence--but this book asks us to consider absolutely everything from the point of view of a child who's never known anything but the existence into which he was born. For the first few pages, I was irritated by the narrative--until I got into the necessary mindset. And then I couldn't bear to be separated from little Jack, who is a masterful creation: authentic, believable and lovable. What I found disappointing in the book is that absolutely everyone viewed through Jack's eyes comes vividly to life ... except for his mother who, for me, never fully takes shape. Even the dog and the bee Jack encounters have heft. But his Ma is vaporous; at moments she's alive and angry, or loving; then she's a vague almost cartoonish figure. I found this strange, given that Jack's grandparents and other relatives are very much present from the moment they are introduced. The other thing that bothered me--admittedly to a far lesser extent--was that I couldn't figure out where on the planet this book was set. Certain words/terms had me thinking of the UK; certain others had me wondering if it was the U.S. And while I realize that this is the world from Jack's viewpoint, I was a little put off by the different expressions being used. For example, I associate the word \\"wardrobe\\" with the UK. Most of us in N. America would say closet. So from the outset this was somewhat confusing--I think most readers want, and even need, a sense of place in order to put a mental frame around the action about which we are reading. That said, I thought a great deal about Jack's world and have to acknowledge that author Donoghue nailed it--every child's family and environment is what is \\"normal\\" for that child. The world beyond that environment is a strange and often bewildering place. I loved the fact that Jack found stairs daunting, that TV characters were real to him, that toys made from papers or eggshells were things to be treasured. I know I will be thinking about this book for a long time because the author raises such intriguing issues about how each of us is affected by the circumstances into which we are born. Highly recommended.
B0030IIYYS|3.0|Like the graphics but story is not what I expected. Like the first one better.
0525423842|2.0|Perhaps I shouldn't even be reviewing this, since I couldn't finish the book.  The first 50 pages just seem to be \\"telling\\" everything.  There is no action, there is no reason to turn the page.  Which I didn't do beyond page 50.
B001HN694K|5.0|the story is not like the tale we heard about it had simmilarities but not exactly the same, loved it the way the graphics and reality were combined excellent had to see it twice to better understand it, but over all well made.
B000WCBPOG|5.0|The sound separation on this CD is phenominal; I wish more CDs played this well; great bass; plus the singers are very good and add a different twist and refreshing voice to these Beatles songs.  The DVD is not bad either; a trip down memory lane for us Boomers.
B001GCUO4S|5.0|I would highly recommend buying from this person, My item came 2 days earlier than what it was suppose to. Nothing was damaged. Thanks!
B0006IUDXA|5.0|My daughter grew up watching MacGyver...and we have always had MacGyver jokes...quick hand me a match, a piece of gum and that paperclip...we need to perform surgery!  Since it's her an August BD...I haven't opened it yet...so assume the product will be in mint condition.
B000TEUSJK|3.0|Some good performances, potentially interesting characters... but horribly horribly mangled.    It's a series of grotesque/macabre sequences that illustrate what might have happened when absolute power corrupted a dominatrix wannabe...  It has a Lord of the Flies and an Idiocracy vibe to it with the way civilization is forgotten and stupid/arbitrary logic rules but I'm making it sound much better than it is.  Some of the creators obviously got into celebrating and glorifying absurd carnage and the abuse of power a bit too much and they forgot about the characters and any sort of story along the way.
1441407820|5.0|Always a favorite of mine.  This is one of my favorite presents to give to almost anyone.
0307454541|1.0|perverted sex, violence, unbelievable situations<br />make this book trite trash.  Sorry to hear the<br />author died, but, perhaps in the long run, it is<br />better . . .
B002TVQ4HG|1.0|This movie was so bad. Despite any lack of credibility on my part, take it or leave it, I can't in any form of the word consider this movie the slightest bit original, and at no point riveting. My compatriot and life partner both highly agree that any money spent in purchasing/renting this movie as well as time is very much wasted as if someone stared at a box of quaker oatmeal all day. Frankly i don't even think this movie deserves a review but I considered it my duty as an American citizen to let consumers know in this ever recessing economy to use their day and income a bit more wisely than I did today. Well... Enjoy!
B002HFP0QU|1.0|This CD skips and I probably should have sent it back but like always I trusted there would be no problems and threw away all the paperwork.  Never do that again.
B003HARV3Y|2.0|I love this series and was excited to hear about the movie.  Well, the movie was just o.k.  Spoiler alert....if you haven't seen it, read no further.<br /><br />THINGS THAT BUGGED ME<br />1.  Annabeth -- the movie combined her character traits with Clarice and left out Clarice entirely.<br /><br />2.  Chiron -- poor centaur costume that looked like, well, a costume.  Compare it to the centaurs in Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian; or Harry Potter.  Much more 'believable' in those films.<br /><br />3.  No prophecy -- the weight of the story is taken away without it. The importance/relevance of the quest did not come through in the movie.<br /><br />THINGS I LIKED<br />1.  Grover -- the movie made Grover more fun and cooler than the books, while keeping the essence of him being a Goat Boy.  Very well done and his costume looked more natural (believeable).<br /><br />2.  Auntie M -- these scenes were brilliantly done.<br /><br />I highly recommend the entire Percy Jackson series of books.  I wish, however, the movie had been made better.
B0025KW29U|5.0|This was absolutely brilliant!  If you like science fiction and musicals, I believe you would like this.  I especially enjoyed musical commentary.  It was hilarious...
B003J7HOKU|5.0|Now i'm going to go ahead and say this just like the other guy was saying. Me being a fan of Parkway Drive since their second album, I must say the production on this album was a let down compared to their previous two albums. It's just not as good sadly. The songs however, AMAZING as usual if not better then horizons. But seriously, these guys live are unbelievable (check out the dvd from horizons and you'll know why). Sleepwalker to me is not even near the best song on this album but it is still a good listen. I would buy it and in my opinion Parkway Drive is still the best band in this genre PERIOD. Congrats to this band, they did it again =]
B003JUGM1E|5.0|This is a well-performed audio reading of the second book in the Hunger Games series.  This story is very exciting.  I loaned the first book to a very discerning and literate friend for an airline flight and she gobbled half of it up on the plane ride and then finished it at her destination.  She had to download this second book on her Kindle because she couldn't wait to get back home to borrow it from me.  You know the kind of audio book story that makes you sit in the car to listen even after you've reached your destination?  Well, this is one of those.  I can hardly wait for the final book in the trilogy.
0060558121|5.0|Amazing. This has become my favorite prose work of fiction by any living author. If you like Gaiman's style, give it a shot. If you like the mythologies surrounding deities/folklore of various cultures (other than the Greeks and Romans...but they're way overrepresented anyway, so who needs them?) give it a shot.
030745455X|5.0|Riveting. Read it in two days. Usually takes me 2 weeks with a good book. Could not put it down. Wish I knew more about Swedish geography. Book should include a map.
0060853972|4.0|If you're either a Gaiman or Pratchett fan and you haven't read this, do yourself a favor and get on it right away.    If you know nothing about either author, this is a good entry point to both of their works.     Oddly, in some ways, Gaiman + Pratchett < Gaiman or Pratchett alone, but it still works very well. There isn't as much humor as in your typical Pratchett book or as much poignancy as in your typical Gaiman book (which is not to say that Pratchett can't be poignant or Gaiman can't be humorous...merely that the combination seems to have muted these characteristics somewhat).
B002BU0DPE|5.0|So, I link up with my friend on Bad Company 2 for a little multiplayer goodness, when something strange and wonderful happens. He starts chatting with me: clear as a bell. As if were on the telephone. He tells me, for Father's Day, his wife got him this amazing headset and that they're like nothing he's ever seen. (She's one cool mommy, right?)<br /><br />His clarity of speech and high regards for the set immediately made me want to rush out and get a pair. So I did.<br /><br />The PX21 Earforce headset from Turtle Beach is as cool as peanut butter. It's compatible with XBOX360, PC, and PS3 - and it's extremely easy to go from package to play.<br /><br />Others have mentioned \\"hissing\\". That's never been a problem for me. Seriously, if anyone thinks this headset isn't a vast improvement over any blutooth, they are sadly mistaken.<br /><br />The product details are accurate. This thing has adjustable controls for precise settings. Most remarkable, is the chat amp that automatically boost your voice during action, and allows you to hear youself in both ears. So, when speaking, you get what you hear- whether shout or whisper. Your choice.<br /><br />It also has a solid, adjustable bass amp built in, so your predicaments can be as intense as your little heart desires. And nubes won't sneaking up and knifing you any more. Trust me, it's like 3D gaming for your ears.<br /><br />Bottom line: these are cool. They are large, light and cushy. You are likely to feel like a real helicopter pilot, as you'll definitely look like one. The firm, adjustable voice receiver is solid and stays where you set it. It also works great with voice apps on the PC.<br /><br />Don't worry about whether or or not they give enough cord length between your headset and your system. It's atleast ten feet long, maybe longer.<br /><br />I normally review films, but on occasion  a gadget comes along that's so cool I want to tell my amazon friends about it.<br /><br />Tired of gaming with your irritating blu-tooth and want to take it to the next level? Is your computer's mic comparable to two cans and a string? Search no more! Just add to cart and proceed.er's mic comparable to two cans and a string? Search no more! Just add to cart and proceed.
B00008EY65|5.0|I received my 2-disc DVD set in less than a week.  Condition was almost new.  My daughter loves the movie and watches it a few times a week. We've had no problems with the DVD.  I am extremely happy with my purchase and will do business with this seller on my next DVD search.
1906694176|5.0|Read the three compelling Stieg Larsson thrillers in order, the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, the Girl who Played with Fire, & The Girl who Kicked the Hornet's Nest, or they won't make much sense. Then  see the films-in Swedish with subtitles-as they come out.<br />Before his premature death Larrson, a radical Swedish journalist, who exposed neoNazi's & campaigned against the abuse of women, explores the joys of modern Sweden & its rotten underside through the travails of Lisbeth Salander, computer hacker supreme & avenging devil. Youre in for a great read & may even lose some sleep.
B002VPE1PW|4.0|The AmazonBasics Netbook Sleeve is a typical Neoprene offering that you have probably seen in various stores that offer these products.  However it adds a feature that doesn't come on all of the competitors in that it is weather-resistant.  I use this with my [[ASIN:B0033GV6FQ HP Mini 210 HD Edition with 250GB HD; 1GB Memory]] (see my review), and it fits with no issues even though it has a larger battery that keeps it from sitting flush.  One of the big considerations I have with a product like this is the zipper.  You've probably had a bag or sleeve of some sort where the zipper would catch or just generally be a pain to use.  This is not the case with this sleeve.  It also has elastic bands in the four corners so that you can secure the sleeve to your netbook in an \\"always on\\" manner.  I am not able to make use of this because I hook up a cooling pad with fans, but some people might find this useful.<br /><br />I only have one thing about this sleeve that don't really like, but it is not a huge negative.  While I love Amazon, I'm not quite to the point of wanting to sport the Amazon colors as the inside of the case is bright \\"Amazon Orange\\".  It is subtle and not intrusive on the \\"AmazonBasics\\" logo on the zipper handles, but I would have gone with either black or white for the inside color.  It is certainly not the end of the world, and since I don't use it \\"always on\\" it is not something that I see a whole lot anyway.<br /><br />Overall, I would recommend the AmazonBasics Netbook Sleeve to anyone who is in the market for such a product.
B003A4IFGY|4.0|I read over the reviews & noticed a few negative ones, then I bought the cd and have listened several times, is this the OLD Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers,,,YES,,, even my taste in music has changed as I have gotten older just as the bands we listen to get older. We all slow down just a little bit & get a little more mellowed out. This is just following suit. It is a really good cd, classic Tom Petty writing & Mike Cambell is one of if not the most underrated guitars players ever, he is great, he doesn't try to play as fast as he can like most players, he plays with all his heart & it works. Benmont, Ron, Steve, & Scott are also a great rhythm section, just wouldn't be the same without them. That being said \\"Buy this cd, you won't be disappointed\\".
1416549447|5.0|Excellent source for running information.  Very easy to read.  ChiRunning makes sense and the results speak for themselves
0385342039|5.0|This book is pure fun like all her others. I'm a huge fan of her \\"Shopaholic\\" books and this one was great fun, too.
B001UV4XFG|3.0|I'm not sure a 46 year old man has much business reviewing ECLIPSE or any of the TWILIGHT movies...but I do have a 17 year old daughter who loves the books and films, so I DID shell out my hard-earned cash for the family to see this film on opening day.  Thus I feel entitled to share, knowing that I'm not the target audience...although my wallet is the target!     ECLIPSE is the third in the series of TWILIGHT movies, detailing the tortuous teen romance between Bella Swann (Kirsten Stewart), a brooding, vaguely depressed high schooler, and the vampire Edward and the werewolf Jacob.  Bella's true love is Edward (Robert Pattinson), but she also desires that he turn her into a vampire so they can be together forever.  Jacob (Taylor Lautner), hot-blooded and hunky, offers her a more \\"normal\\" life.  Both love Bella equally, but at least at this point in the story, it's pretty clear Bella favors Edward.     This fraught romance is set in the midst of fairly uninteresting political and personal machinations revolving around vampire hierarchy and long-standing resentments between the werewolves and the vampires.  In ECLIPSE, a growing army of newly-created vampires is rising up in nearby Seattle, apparently building numbers in order to come after Bella, and Edward's family.  The werewolves get involved, as they rather put up with the \\"vegetarian\\" (only drink animal blood) Cullenses than this new group of sadistic killers.  There's some question of how involved the vampire leadership is in all this, but frankly, who cares?  These stories don't provide a balance between the romance and the action...they tilt heavily and unapologetically towards the romance.  The action is secondary.     As with the other two films, the writing is the screen play equivalent of \\"purple prose\\" in many respects...lots of whispered declarations of undying love, heartache and promises that can't be met.  Lots of gazing into eyes.  Lots of hugging and PG-13 rated making-out.  Lots of Taylor Lautnerwithout his shirt.  Lots of Bella wearing plaid shirts and hoodies...while all her classmates wear far more time-appropriate clothing.     The movie is mildly interesting, but mostly it is annoying.  The bad script is not helped by the rather terrible acting.  Stewart, who has been good in other things, cannot make Bella a likeable character.  She is one of the most annoying teenagers ever put on screen...perfectly self-centered.  No one has ever felt love as acutely as she does.  No one has ever felt torn as she has.  She is the perfect encapsulation of all the worst qualities of teenage girls in love...and the film stubbornly refuses to make an effort to also find the joyful parts aspects of a teenage girl in love.  Pattinson simply continues to fail to be credible, and he is not helped but the worst haircut on film since Tom Hanks did THE DA VINCI CODE...it makes Pattinson's head look 40% too big!  He and Stewart really don't generate any real chemistry.  Yes, the clasp each other a lot and gaze at each other...but for two actors who are supposedly in love in real life, their passion is pretty inert.  Lautner is also not a good actor, but at least he has a lightness about him, a clear realization that he's become a mega-star by dumb luck (and many trips to Gold's Gym), and at least he can bring a sense of playfulness to his lighter scenes.  But as with Pattinson, when the script asks him to be pained and tormented, he mostly looks like he has a stomach ache.     The best parts of these movies, to me, have always been the Cullen family.  Without diving into detail, they are an amusing and motley crew, with silly but somehow touching family dynamics.  They are a good group of vampires...tormented creatures who have helped each other retain all the humanity possible to vampires.  ECLIPSE gives us some background stories on this crew, and I really responded to this group more than ever.  Jackson Rathbone as Jasper continues to give the best, most amusing and originalperformance in the series, and I was so happy to see he was featured more in ECLIPSE.  I would happily see a film centered around HIS character.     Also, the special effects continue to be sub-par.  These films are global phenomenons...yet the poorly rendered werewolves make the whole effort feel like the producers were trying to save every penny they could.  Surely someone could actually make werewolves that felt like they existed in the same space as the humans & vampires!     If love these movies already, there's no reason you won't love ECLIPSE.  If you find them a pain to watch, then I would guess your reaction would roughly mirror mine.  But I know there's nothing I can say to change the mind of a fan (or foe) of THE TWILIGHT SAGA...but it's my opinion, and I'm stickin' to it!
B003J27WFW|5.0|If you are a Rush fan, this is essential viewing.  I don't mean it's fun and you should take a look.  I don't mean, hey, if you ever get a chance to see it and you've got free time, check it out.  I mean:  drop everything you're doing and see this RIGHT NOW!      If you're not a fan, I still believe this would be an entertaining movie that you'd find to be a very interesting look at a band that somehow has stayed around and kept its fans happy for nearly 40 years.  But unless you're married to a fan (like me wife, who watched and liked this), there isn't a hugely compelling reason to watch.    But I'll say again, if you're a fan, this film is like a gift from on high.  A well-crafted tribute to the band.   No effort to be impartial...it is a love letter to Geddy Lee, Alex Lifeson & Neil Peart.  Many musicians, including Les Claypool, Kirk Hammet, Trent Reznor, Jack Black and Billy Corgin jump in with their thoughts on the band...but mostly it is a chronological look at the long career of this group...from birth to their 2008 Snakes & Arrows tour.  And our guides through most of it are the 3 members of the band...which is great, because the members of Rush, particularly drummer Neil Peart, are very private people and don't really grant a great many interviews.      Their story is interesting, but hardly earth-shattering.  What is so great is the sense that you're getting to know these 3 musicians on a personal level...for the first time.  We see them interact together and there is no doubt as to their deep friendship.  Particularly worthwhile is seeing the bond between Alex Lifeson & Geddy Lee.  Friends since age 12, it's a delight to see how much they clearly still care for each other and can still make each other laugh.  They are like an old, happily-married couple.  (And before you jump to conclusions, we also see that they are both caring family men with very non-rock star-like values.)  The film also doesn't shy away from introducing us to the more elusive NeilPeart.  Notoriously shy and publicity adverse, the film allows the band to discuss the impression that Peart is a jerk.  It also gives us the deepest glimpse I've yet seen into the dark time in Peart's life, when he lost his teenage daughter in a car accident and his wife a few months later to cancer.  It's hard not to be moved by the tentative disclosures we get of the clearly deep emotions these three men felt.      But the film is also hilarious, because these guys are not shy in joking about the absolutely ridiculous clothes they wore and the fact that they never had groupies.  They have been so successful in their lives that they clearly have no problem poking fun at themselves.  They aren't exactly humble, but they ARE humble about things that are of little consequence.  And they sure are serious about the music.  We get a sense of their struggles to avoid caving in to the demands of their record labels.  And we see how their musical journey never ends.      The DVD has MANY bonus features that are also a treat.  BEYOND THE LIGHTED STAGE is an unabashed love-letter to Rush...but you know what, they've earned one.  I've probably listened to \\"Spirit of the Radio\\" 2000 times and it still doesn't fail to make me feel better when I'm driving in my car.  So it was great to see this film that made me realize that these guys really are pretty cool...even as they are tragically unhip.
B003JSU2NU|5.0|The best yet. Cant wait for the next one. Everything made clear and can relive the excitement of the movie through its pages.
B001FB55HQ|2.0|In Mad Max there was a guy named Max, and we got to see some stuff about him, his life, and the world he lives in, and at least some of us came to like him, respect him, and maybe even admire him, so that when his wife and kid get brutally murdered it's not just a random act of violence like we see on TV, or read about in papers every day.<br /><br />The people most responsible for Terminator Salvation do not appear to understand this, and maybe someone should tell them.<br /><br />It's less a film than an ad for action figures.<br /><br />Were there any action figures?  I know 7-11 had cups.  I doubt they sold very many.  And I'm positive they didn't have any 5-story tall terminator machines that could sneak up on people in the middle of an arid wasteland.
B001VPJYZK|5.0|After Season 4, I thought that was the end of Desperate Housewives. I felt a little sad, but thought nothing of it. Then, when I found out Season 5 was out, I wondered what the producers could think of next. For starters, would Gabby become slim again? But I did not rush to the stores to buy Season 5. I caught one or two episodes, but did not think anything of it. Then, I caught the finale to Season 6, and I thought to myself, \\"Wow! Desperate Housewives is really good!\\" That was when I rushed to Amazon.com to purchase BOTH Season 5 AND 6. And I was not disappointed. Season 5 has been as riveting as the other 4 seasons before that. It was, to me, the kind of soap opera that you want to come home to everyday, something to look forward to relaxing in front of after a long hard day at work. And the best part of watching it on DVD is, there are no commercials!
B003KRJNBW|5.0|Truly great.  It's so refreshing to see a movie in which the hero is depicted as a man of great faith.  The twist in the movie was of epic proportions.  It totally blew my mind!  I left the theater slack-jawed and with my mind blown.  Really amazing and such a thrill to see.  I wish it was based on a book or something so I could explore the plot more.  I can't wait for another movie like this one!
B001EN71CW|5.0|People have recommended this series to me for years. I finally got around to watching it, and I loved it. The western-space fusion is what kept me away, but that ended up being one of my favorite details. We're not in a floating hotel like in Star Trek-type series, instead its a new frontier (like the West, not the 'final' one). There is a real disparity in the technology between the Alliance and the outer planets, similar to \\"first world\\" and \\"third world\\" disparities today. The characters really come to life, and I did care about them. Great bits of comedy thrown in with the captivating story telling. I saw Serenity after I finished the series, and would definitely recommend that as well.
6305718954|2.0|This film had excellent acting, production, and direction...and a fairly compelling story that keeps you mentally engaged until the end credits.    But I chose to give this film two stars because of the unavoidable \\"facts\\" that get in the way of the tale. If you have never been to Sunday School and do not have any background in the Bible, etc., you will have no trouble enjoying this movie. However, I could not help but get distracted by some of the unequivocally real-world false statements made by some of the characters. Like Jesus of Nazareth was killed by a spear or that Jesus did not give any structure or ceremony to his disciples. Or that there are fifteen gospels. There are actually four gospels and generally the rest are Gnostic gospels, like the Gospel of Thomas mentioned at the end of the movie. These Gnostic gospels were rejected because they were not written by any apostles nor by anyone associated with the apostles, and they were clearly based on Gnosticism and not the teachings of Jesus.     If statements like these had been left out of \\"Stigmata,\\" I would have given this film five stars.
0061801313|5.0|With books 5 through 8 out in single I hope the publishing company does another box set like they did these first four books. At first I didn't know how they could drag the Alison disappearance case through so many books but once I started on book one I was hooked.  Each book seem to start with a prologue flash back giving a little more detail information of events on the day Alison disappeared.  Each book deals with these 4 girls who's perfect little lives aren't so perfect as their lives start to slowly fall apart both for themselves and with their families as their secret little lives are slowly no longer than secret. The girls themselves are very well rounded and developed that likes one care what will happen to them next and make one want to read more to find out who made Allison disappear and who knows their little secrets.
B0000029LG|5.0|i've watch m.jackson grow up from a kid,@ still fellowing his music which will never die out,i listen 2 his music just about every day when i'm on line or in pogo game room,as music history i play it all the time,i usally play dic 2, because i like the most his music will live on 4 ever 2 come.
B001VZY4M8|5.0|Neil Young's first solo album, was a self titled folk based arrangement in 1968, followed by 1969's rock driven Everyone Knows This Is Nowhere.  To my ears the latter, in particular, did'nt gave any indication that the next album would be the fantastic After The Goldrush.  It flows easily through high quality and distinctive folk songs Tell Me Why, the wonderful title track, Only Love Can Break My Heart to the biting rock of another monster of a song, Southern Man.  Other folk songs like Till The Morning Comes, Don't Let It Bring You Down and I Believe In You maintain the highest standards.  Bob Dylan's great career may have inspired Neil to go solo and, to my mind only Bob stands above him in this genre.  I recommend this to all music lovers.
0307387178|2.0|Having enjoyed Into Thin Air and Under the Banner of Heaven, I picked up Into the Wild as a vacation read. It fulfilled that purpose adequately, but I would not especially recommend it to others. According to Krakauer's research and speculation, Chris McCandless was filled with the same combined sense of isolation and narcissism that many young men experience as they try to find their own way in the world. Ultimately rejecting all those who reached out to make a connection with him, he set out to prove to himself his own remarkableness. Clearly he didn't much care that his journey might cost him his life and thereby cause pain to those who cared about him. There is a \\"why\\" behind this behavior that Krakauer never explores; he simply shows that other young men have undertaken similarly foolish, arrogant expeditions. Who didn't already know that young men have a tendency to take risks? McCandless just took his to the nth degree. I think what left this story empty for me, compared to Into Thin Air and other \\"adventure\\" non-fiction, is that Chris was simply an aimless wanderer with no goal or destination in mind. Every Everest climber intends to return home safely after his climb, but McCandless just wanted to be \\"somewhere else\\" and that's vaguely infurating to me. It's also strange that Krakauer's narrative style is so crisp and precise when he's describing (his speculation on) Chris' inner journeys, but then becomes almost painfully overblown when he's describing the natural environment Chris would have encountered in his travels.
B000GCFF3E|5.0|it is a really nice novel. it is so good that i wish i could read it more. it was like i was witnessing the whole story myself . it was a really nice experiance. we can learn so much from it.
B003E6K1VK|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo6QEAU0FBJN3F]]First off, please know that the E7 works BEST as a DAC/AMP combo when connected to a computer via USB or connected to a media player that has a dedicated line out (I'm not talking about the pre-amped 3.5 mm headphone jack on your mp3 player...but instead, a dedicated line out jack that bypasses the built-in amplifier of your media player). Portability wise, the E7 is absolutely perfect when carrying around your laptop and wanting to hear some high quality audio bliss while on the road or at the local coffee shop (or at the kitchen table in my case).Sound quality is truly amazing for the price you are paying, and it uses some near-audiophile grade electronics inside. Considering its price point, FIIO packed in a truly nice selection of options as well.<br /><br />I consider the DAC/AMP to have a very clean and slightly colored sound quality that is comparable to portable amps in the $150 - $250 price range. Very little hissing is evident when the volume is turned up, leaps and bounds less hissing than if you were to connect your earphones/headphones directly to the headphone jack of a laptop/mp3 player. Besides expected sound qualities found in other high-end DAC/Amps of this class, the E7's trump card is the ability to pump out some pretty clean BASS using the built-in BASS settings **while** maintaining it's excellent sound characteristics. The well controlled BASS doesn't kill the mids and highs commonly seen in cheaper audio setups (just be cautious of maxing out the bass to lvl 3...it tends to muffle out the mids and highs just a tad. I found that lvl 1 or 2 on the BASS settings is perfect). I've found that I am easily able to drive my higher-end headphones from the E7, including my Grado 325is, Denon AHD2000's, and is even able to power my Beyerdynamic DT990's and AKG K701's to reasonable volume levels.<br /><br />The unit has a very bright OLED screen that really is a looker (check it out in my video) and the silicone case makes it look deadly beautiful in my opinion. Build quality is much higher than I expected. The back of the unit is metal, the sides are plastic and the clear face front is also a type of plastic, but of higher quality. Accessing the menu's is easy and straightforward. Size wise, it's about the size of a portable mp3 player.<br /><br />IMO, this is a no-brainer-buy for those of you just getting into entry-level high-end audio equipment and wanting to make a purchase without having to break the bank. If you are looking to replace your existing audio setup from your laptop, desktop pc or Mac computer, this is an amazing buy!<br /><br />-Davy<br /><br />**Keep in mind the E7 will not work properly when connecting it to the 3.5mm jack of a MP3/Media player. The reason is that the E7's sound quality becomes overly distorted and the sound levels are very low due to 'piggy backing' onto the built in amplifier of the mp3 player. The E7 truly shines when using a direct line out dock from an ipod (or any other player that has a dedicated line out) or from the USB connection of a computer. I bought this strictly as my DAC/AMP for my laptop, and it does it's job with flying colors and then some.iful in my opinion. Build quality is much higher than I expected. The back of the unit is metal, the sides are plastic and the clear face front is also a type of plastic, but of higher quality. Accessing the menu's is easy and straightforward. Size wise, it's about the size of a portable mp3 player.     IMO, this is a no-brainer-buy for those of you just getting into entry-level high-end audio equipment and wanting to make a purchase without having to break the bank. If you are looking to replace your existing audio setup from your laptop, desktop pc or Mac computer, this is an amazing buy!    -Davy    **Keep in mind the E7 will not work properly when connecting it to the 3.5mm jack of a MP3/Media player. The reason is that the E7's sound quality becomes overly distorted and the sound levels are very low due to 'piggy backing' onto the built in amplifier of the mp3 player. The E7 truly shines when using a direct line out dock from an ipod (or any other player that has a dedicated line out) or from the USB connection of a computer. I bought this strictly as my DAC/AMP for my laptop, and it does it's job with flying colors and then some.
B003405MF6|5.0|I was going to title this review \\"WOW\\" but that title was used already (for a top notch, literate, well thoughtout review - much better than I could have done).    This masterpiece has been well covered in prior reviews so I will keep this short.      If the first listen didn't grab you, don't make the mistake of stopping there.  \\"Emotion and Commotion\\" is one of those rare CDs that seem to get better with each listen.      Trust me.  Have I ever steered you wrong?
0385342039|3.0|I picked this book up thinking it was going to be a great \\"lunchtime\\" read while working. I read a lot of books and enjoy reads such as this and it is rare that I pick up a book read some of it and then stop. I came really close to that when I got a quarter of the way done. But, I kept going. Kinsella's description of characters, settings, and storyline is very difficult to follow and keep up with. At one point, she went off on several tangents and never picked back up with that particular storyline. The book started to get really interesting and I couldn't put it down when it came to the last 1/2-1/4 of the book. That's when it got really good. Can't say that I'll definitely be reading this over and over again like I do others.
B0012GMYTG|5.0|I've had this album for about a year, just got it because I was trying to get every album. I only listened to 4 songs, seeing as I heard them on a greatest hits album except for Wind Up Toy, that was to follow the Steven story. I recently was going through and started listening and found I love every song on the album, really sums up that era. Favourite is Dangerous Tonight, bloody love it. Anyone who likes the Trash Album will love this one!
0345349571|5.0|I have read other books on 14th century Europe in the past, but none which bring the century alive in all it's glory, depravity and horror like this book. The author uses the Sire de Coucy as the vehicle to tell this story and he is a good choice. He was important in his time, a high noble of France who was married to the King of England's favourite daughter who was involved in many of the major wars during the century - and what a century it was!    This is a big book, dense with a lot of information. The author has obviously delved deeply into archives in Europe to give us a look at life from 1300-1399 as Europe was scoured by plague, brigands, multiple popes and never-ending war.  That even in the face of apparent extinction the nobles could not stop fighting is a sad indictment both on mankind and the failure of chivalry to protect anything except it's incessant need for tournaments.     This book gives you a feeling of both breath of vision and an attention to detail. You are provided with clear explanations for events, or when conflicting records exists the \\"or\\" option. While there is probably a greater emphasis on France than any other country you still get a good look at how the century impacted England, Italy and Switzerland. No matter how bad you might think things are today all you do is have to look at this century in any depth to know how fortunate you are to not be experiencing what many thought in their lifetime was god's abandonment of humankind and the end of the world. This book is highly recommend to anyone who likes a well written history or is interested in the medieval world and you can easily see many of the seeds of the modern world were created in this period.
0446563048|5.0|This book is awesome. It tells the story of Zappos through their CEO Tony Hsieh. If you read this book, I honestly think you will become a customer for life. I also love where the book highlights various employee stories (directly from them). I love how they go through the early struggles of Zappos and you can truly see how the early days (even before Zappos) and how it shaped the Zappos company. I now understand how and why Zappos does what they do and for an business owner, you should really read this book. You will be glad you did. If you read any book this summer, I would easily choose this one. I may even read it again. I give this book an A++++++.     Great job Tony and Team Zappos. Keep it up.
B003HTPHSQ|4.0|Way back in the '80s, I made a personal tape consisting of songs by my longtime (and probably alltime) favorite singer, Tracy Nelson, and a new favorite Cyndi Lauper. Now most people at the time, even the most musically knowledgeable, would not have seen much connection between the two artists--and I'm not sure that, if pressed, I could have easily explained myself.  I doubt I could find it now, but I remember labeling it \\"TraCYndi\\" and playing it quite a bit, not even concerning myself that I was pairing a classic artist who couldn't even land a recording contract in the 80s with a newcomer whose music was, more or less, defining the era.    No, on the face of it, there was no justification for linking, musically or psychologically, a budding \\"megastar\\" like Lauper (or so it seemed at the time) with a hugely talented but chronically (and criminally) neglected singer like Tracy Nelson.    So I take some pleasure in the fact that, all these years later, Ms. Lauper is releasing a blues based record, featuring two tracks that have been closely identified with Ms. Nelson--and the sequencing is certainly telling:  Tracy's classic composition \\"Down So Low\\" is back-to-back with the Memphis Slim classic \\"Mother Earth,\\" both of which appeared on the first album  Tracy recorded with her band Mother Earth[[ASIN:B00061XA0U Living With the Animals]].  Those were signature songs for Tracy and helped earn her real cult status if not actual stardom.  Cyndi is no mere mimic, however.  Her take on \\"Down So Low\\" is all her own, and while it seems likely that the Tracy Nelson/Mother Earth (her band took its name from the song)version of \\"Mother Earth\\" was the first version the teenaged Cyndi ever heard, she's done her homework and emerged with a version that is closer to the Memphis Slim original, in effect paying homage to two great prior versions by two distictive (and shamefully neglected) artists.    To cement the bond even further, Cyndi is joined here by Tracy's youthful beau andmusical cohort, Charlie Musselwhite, one of several blues legends to make a guest appearance on the record.  Also on board are B.B. King, Ann Peebles, Allen Toussaint, and as a nod to the current generation of up-and-coming blues artists, Jonny Lang.  Skeptics will scream marketing ploy at a roster like that, but people who have followed Cyndi Lauper's career know that she has always loved to collaborate with other artists and that she respects and embraces all musical traditions.    But Cyndi is also an individualist, to the bone in fact.  I've already seen some negative reaction to her entitling the record MEMPHIS BLUES, as though she's trying to co-opt a long and glorious tradition and/or implying that her take on the genre is somehow definitive.  Nonsense. She went to Memphis and did a blues-based album, and she's telling the world just where she's coming from here.  (She's also cluing her pop and dance music fans in on just exactly what to expect here and letting them decide whether they want to make this particular journey with her or sit this record out).    True Lauper fans WON'T sit this one out though.  They'll appreciate and embrace her eclecticism and musical adventurousness.  Yeah, she's still unusual, and it's evident she's still having loads of fun.  She's just changed her address from Queens to Memphis.  Good on her.
B002ZG97RE|3.0|The main message of this movie is that the U.S. had no credible basis for fighting in Iraq, especially its supposed reason of finding WMDs.  This gripping, action film was directed by Paul Greengrass (the same director of the Bourne Supremacy and Bourne Ultimatum).  Matt Damon plays Chief Roy Miller, the Army warrant officer who leads soldiers in Iraq to find the WMDs, only to find that there are no WMDs.  Where are all the WMDS?  How reliable are the intel?  How come no one is asking the hard questions?  Meanwhile, Miller strives to find out the truth and seeks to find General Al-Rawi, the Baathist general working under Saddam -- he's the man who knows where the WMDs are.  The U.S. forces, influenced by U.S. policymaker Clark Poundstone, want to find Al-Rawi for a different reason, to assassinate him in order to cover up the truth about the WMDs.     Brian Helgeland wrote the script and this movie is based upon the 2006 non-fiction book Imperial Life in the Emerald City by journalist Rajiv Chandrasekran.      There are 4 main messages presented in this film:       1) The higher ups in determining the policy in Iraq distorted the evidence and lied to the American public.  The main bad guy (Clark Poundstone) is played by Greg Kinnear, who represents the U.S. policymakers in the Bush Administration.    2) The real reason why the U.S. went to war in Iraq is to get rid of Saddam Hussein    3) The U.S. made the fatal blunder of dismantling the Baathist party and the Iraq Army rather than working with them to build a New Iraq    4) We aren't in a position to determine what happens in Iraq    In relation to the first point, if there were no WMDs in Iraq and it was all a fabrication by the Bush Administration, why was it that President Clinton was also convinced that there were WMDs in Iraq?  Was he going by the same faulty intel?      To its credit, this film is a gripping war-drama, shot in Paul Greengrass fashion by a lot of hand-held cameras and done in \\"you are there\\" documentary style.  I felt that the message was pretty heavy-handed.      There are no special features in the DVD. I wished that there would be some special features that provide a featurette on the making of the movie and why the movie was made.  There was none of that in this DVD.  This is one of the reasons why I deleted a star.     If you're in the mood for a highly political war drama, then this movie is for you.  I felt that the movie \\"The Hurt Locker\\" was more effective than this one:  the Hurt Locker tried to describe what was happening in Iraq without a heavy-handed message;  as such, it allowed the viewers to make their own conclusions about the war in Iraq.  This movie beats you over the head with a bat.
0312370849|4.0|Sarah, a child in Paris WWII, makes a decision to try to protect her younger brother from the Vichy roundup of French Jews leading to deportation to death camps.  This decision haunts the rest of her life.    The author parallels the war story with a modern day stroy of an American journalist living in Paris with her French husband and daughter.  She is researching the events of WWII that have been purposely avoided by current Parisiens.    This is a moving and well-written novel.  It is a good read.
B003KRJNBW|5.0|I am a Washington fan as well as Oldman. While I felt Denzel was maybe a little less powerful in his role than usual, I know Gary Oldman was wasted as the balancing evil to Denzel's good. Both actors appeared to be lukewarm in their roles. Oldman can usually be a bad guy without any stretching but his role here was unfocused and his power over others was never defined. No clear goals. Without understanding why he had followers, it's hard to take him seriously. He had an increasing air of impotence that eventually had his world destroying itself around him in the end. There was never a clear idea of his power to start with so there is no sense of his loss.<br /><br /> Denzel Washington is very talented when he is channeling the character's emotions and personality. Sadly, Eli had little personality. A bit too introverted and was so focused on the westward trek that he failed to let us into his mind. While Oldman's character targets Eli and fixates on mugging him for his King James Bible, Eli never really channels anything except selective, random compassion or grim determination.<br /><br /> I like the movie. I like how the Bible was critical to this world's survival. I liked the action plus the sets and lighting. I never lost interest and if my mind wandered, it was on the plot trying to fill in blanks. I have heard a lot of people whine about the killing of the cat. Foolishness. If they were starving to death, they would eat a cat they had had for years and if not...Darwinism is cruel.
1577314808|2.0|I read this book after it was recommended to me. The beginning chapter where he talks about becoming aware of his ego mind chatter was interesting, but the rest of the book is written in a question and answer format and seems to not really have any new ideas. He may have been \\"enlightened\\" for a while and it was amazing, but what he is talking about can be found in many other texts that have already been written. He is banking in the western world's ignorance of these ancient concepts that were already known. He succeeds in telling you how bad the ego is and that \\"thinking is bad\\" but with no backing in how to achieve what he is saying. I have tried to go back and read this book again, thinking I must have missed something since Oprah and Jim Carrey apparently love this book and it changed their lives, but I could not continue with the book.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I bought this dvd first and have some others and this I feel is the most useful so far.  It can get boring so the others are to add flavor.  But in 3 months I lost over 25 lbs mainly because of this dvd.  The first level is easy, so I switch between 2 and 3 and they are both tough.  I do modify some of the reps to make them more interesting and challenging to me, some ideas I got from other videos that i like better.  But my arms are toned and my legs look great, all my friends are now on the weight loss bandwagon.  The only suggestion I have that would make this video better is to add a yoga or pilates with it. The breathing type exercises really help with weight loss.
0307387178|4.0|It's too easy and lazy to label Chris McCandless as an ignorant young man who should have known better. His motivations were much more complex than that of youthful idealist, and don't forget that we wouldn't be reading the same story had he not made one or two mistakes right at the end which took his life.<br /><br />I believe this story gets under our skin, or in my case kept me awake at nights, because many of us recognize a little bit of Chris in ourselves. To come of age trying to make sense of this contradictory world; to question why some people choose to live the way they do in obvious quiet desperation.<br /><br />Furthermore, if you were moved by this book, then I definitely recommend the film of the same name. Some of the best cinematography I've ever seen!
B002BW7A58|5.0|For everyone who says this album is no good....what planet are you on?  I never listened to this album until today, but I love it.  I mean beyond love it.  Lil Wayne has already earned his title greatest rapper alive and now can be the greatest musician alive.  The album is very innovative, and Lil Wayne's ties between rap and rock are blended perfectly.  Every song on this album is listenable if you just forget you are listening to RAP and just listen to the music.  He doesn't have to follow his old style for this album to be enjoyable.   I have to admit at first I was also skeptical which was why I waited to buy this one, but I am so happy I did.  It is my favorite right now.  My favorite songs are Paradice, Drop the World, and On Fire.  Drop the World is the best song ever and my new personal fav from Lil Wayne.
0385341008|4.0|A rich character novel, written as a series of letters, based mostly around the post-WWII English Channel island of Guernsey. Julie Ashton is the story's main focus as her curiosity leads her into the loving embrace of this small but committed group of islanders trying to rebuild their community post-war. As part of the book's structure, we never get to be in the present with any of the characters, which makes one of the secondary characters, the inspiring and brave Elizabeth McKenna, the most compelling because she exists in a kind of a past-past tense.<br /><br />Most of us can only wish to be a part of the loving family that Julie discovers. Try to imagine finding these letters, not as pages in a book, but as dusty handwritten notes hidden away for decades in some forgotten attic. This novel feels like your holding a treasure in much the same way.
B003HTPHSQ|5.0|Quite a departure from her sound of years past! Cyndi finally finds her sweet spot - blues!  This cd will place her among the great blues artists of our day.  I love this CD!!!!!!!
0307474712|3.0|Ahhh...the joy of reading about two people being miserable for twenty years...<br /><br />Well yes, there's that, however One Day is a very well written and a compelling read that will keep you up into the wee hours of the morning. I kept reading about this one and the premise sounded intriguing so I had to give it a try. The book follows Dexter and Emma for a span of twenty years, telling the story of where they are in their lives on one day ~ July 15 ~ every year. From everything I had heard (and read in the gazillion blurbs,) I expected this to be a love story, and while Emma does yearn to be with Dexter, love story it is not. What it is instead is a tale of lives misspent on bad decisions and two people who never quite figured out how to be happy.<br /><br />One Day starts out twenty years ago, the morning after Dexter and Emma have hooked up. They've just graduated from college and their \\"real lives\\" are about to begin. Emma is idealistic and has harbored a crush on Dexter for a while. Dexter...well, Dexter doesn't seem to care very deeply about anything. They go their separate ways but remain friends over the years.He eventually gets a job as a Howard Stern like TV host and Emma begins working in a Mexican restaurant but dreams of writing. His life is a rapid descent into drinking, drugs, and sleeping with EVERY woman he crosses paths with. I found it really hard to have any sympathy for his character and to tell the truth, I kept hoping something awful would happen to him to make him wake up and quit being such an ass. But even when bad things did happen to him, he continued on with his selfish, self-destructive ways. Emma's life meanwhile is quiet and plods along slowly (marked by her own share of really bad decisions.) She eventually achieves \\"success\\" in life but she never seems to find happiness. Her relationships don't work out, she suffers from low self-esteem and I think we are supposed to believe that if only she and Dexter could figure out they belong together, they would get their happily-ever-after.<br /><br />Only problem is, I never found myself rooting for them to get together because frankly, I thought Dexter was a jerk and would more than likely only break her heart anyway. I couldn't figure out for the life of me why he had such a hold over her heart for so long. I can understand it when she was in her twenties, but for two decades? Seriously? You know the girlfriend you just wanna shake cause she keeps picking the wrong men? Hello, Emma.<br /><br />And the ending. Remember watching the last Lord of the Rings movie and thinking to yourself at least 4 or 5 times, \\"Ok, THIS must be the end?\\" Check. And I have some other issues with the ending, but discussing them would include spoilers and I don't wanna do that. Suffice it to say a certain pivotal event kinda pissed me off. Not to mention it was ripped right out of a popular movie from a few years ago. If you read it you will understand. Or you can email me and we can discuss it =)<br /><br />Bottom line, despite my complaints, One Day IS highly readable. It gives a solid portrayal of the emptiness in living only for yourself with no regard for others (shout out to Jesse James and Tiger Woods.) It also does a fine job of showing us the changes Dex and Emma go through in their lifetimes...dreams that don't quite work out, disillusionment, aging itself, and longing for something more. Not every book can be about the winners at the game of life.would get their happily-ever-after.    Only problem is, I never found myself rooting for them to get together because frankly, I thought Dexter was a jerk and would more than likely only break her heart anyway. I couldn't figure out for the life of me why he had such a hold over her heart for so long. I can understand it when she was in her twenties, but for two decades? Seriously? You know the girlfriend you just wanna shake cause she keeps picking the wrong men? Hello, Emma.    And the ending. Remember watching the last Lord of the Rings movie and thinking to yourself at least 4 or 5 times, \\"Ok, THIS must be the end?\\" Check. And I have some other issues with the ending, but discussing them would include spoilers and I don't wanna do that. Suffice it to say a certain pivotal event kinda pissed me off. Not to mention it was ripped right out of a popular movie from a few years ago. If you read it you will understand. Or you can email me and we can discuss it =)    Bottom line, despite my complaints, One Day IS highly readable. It gives a solid portrayal of the emptiness in living only for yourself with no regard for others (shout out to Jesse James and Tiger Woods.) It also does a fine job of showing us the changes Dex and Emma go through in their lifetimes...dreams that don't quite work out, disillusionment, aging itself, and longing for something more. Not every book can be about the winners at the game of life.
B002VPE1XY|4.0|Size: approximately 2 1/2\\" X 3 1/2\\", and about an inch wide, this case will accomodate only the small and thin digital cameras (or a cell phone). The camera case has a great finish to the leather and a very nice sueded inner lining -- all of this reminding me of the older types of European camera cases.<br /><br />The long front flap is secured by a strong magnetic fastener, giving great frontal protection to the camera -- and is easy to open and close with one hand.<br /><br />The belt loop in the back is a bit stiff, but will soften with usage. The stiffness however works against its security when the velcro belt loop fastener is adjusted -- however, if your belt is thin, and you make sure that hook velcro is contacting all of its opposing loop velcro, the staying power should be sufficient.<br /><br />The inner card holder, however -- is only able to hold one card, which for some may be quite enough.<br /><br />Altogether, this case is flat, unobtrusive, attractive and very functional -- a pleasant way to carry a thin digital camera in style.
0525423842|4.0|13-year-old Theodore Boone considers himself an expert on the law. He comes from a family of lawyers, and loves to spend time at the courthouse. Although only in grade 8, Theo knows he wants to be a lawyer (or a judge) when he grows up, and students at his school come to him for advice on their family's legal troubles on a regular basis. Theo's almost always able to help, but when one of his classmates reveals important information on the biggest trial the small town of Strattenburg has seen in years, Theo knows he's in over his head.     While perhaps a bit too young for the adult YA fan, Theodore Boone: Kid Lawyer is absolutely perfect for it's target audience (ages 9-12), and does a marvellous job of explaining the legal and judicial system to kids. By having Theo and his classmates attend a day of the trial as part of their Government class, Grisham is able to use clear examples to demonstrate exactly what happens as a case progresses through court.  The story is well written and manages to present an interesting trial without resulting to violence or objectionable content. Theo is an honest and trustworthy character, that readers will find themselves rooting for.  I do wish there had been some closure on the situation with Theo's friend April, and the ending felt very much like the set-up to a sequel rather than the end of the story. I found Theodore Boone: Kid Lawyer very enjoyable read, reminiscent of the Trixie Belden and Hardy Boys books I loved as a child.    Congrats to John Grisham for creating an interesting and educational story with a positive role model for young readers!
B002VPE1X4|4.0|This is a flat little matte nylon pouch with a \\"brushed' finish to it. Lightweight, and for its small size, it has 3 compartments inside -- the middle one being quite capable of swallowing up my Fuji FinePix A 340 and keeping it well protected behind two layers of padding. There was still room up front for the flash cards, albeit (logically) in their little plastic cases, as there is little or no protective padding for a card by itself.<br /><br />The flap in the front of the case fastens with velcro -- it needs a slightly longer velcro piece there to stay closed more securely and to be less prone to having the front flap open after the wearer brushes up against a hard object.<br /><br />The belt \\"loop\\" also has an adjustable velcro fastener, and that seems to be staying fastened, very well. The case, with camera in it, fits nicely on the belt and rides on the belt comfortably, without being in the way.<br /><br />The wrist strap is a handy touch, even though my camera has one itself -- the one that comes with the case can also be detached and stowed in the rear inner compartment.<br /><br />Although I have just started to \\"field test\\" this camera case, I am quite happy with it.<br /><br />UPDATE JULY 2012 : Still using this and it has held up VERY well and continues to protect my camer. Excellente.<br /><br />UPDATE November 2012 : Wow this is one tenacious and rugged little pouch!!!!<br /><br />UPDATE - May 2013 -- Wow this is a durable little case! Even though some of the inside padding wore out from constant use, it is still VERY useful and utlilitarian!!! My Fuji bit the dust but this case is working out just fine for my newer camera.
B000Y11BB2|1.0|Really angry that the Judge Dredd DVD in this new 2008 pack is the same crappy \\"fake widescreen enclosed in a 4:3 aspect box\\" as the much older 1998 DVD (they are the SAME DVD)! Why would the studio include a TEN YEAR OLD DVD in a new 2 DVD pack and pass it off as new? Very deceptive and a ripoff! The companion Cop Land DVD in this 2 pack is indeed true 16:9 widescreen and is fine.    This means on the Judge Dredd DVD you get black bars on ALL SIDES on a widescreen TV.  I thought this was a newly remastered and restored actual 16:9 widescreen version of Judge Dredd.  Buena Vista, I mean DISNEY, is the CHEAPEST PRODUCTION STUDIO EVER! Crappy! Do not buy!
0399242864|5.0|This is such a wonderful book.  All 4-5 year olds should have it as part of their book collection at home.  My son reads this book everyday.  The illustrations are nicely done.  My son also draws pictures of various scenes in the book.  Who knew you could find a star from the sky on the beach?  It is a very cute story with a happy ending.
0307476154|4.0|OK, so I've now read the first two Lisbeth Salander/Mikael Blomqvist novels, and I'm more or less ready to evaluate him as an author. This second book isn't quite as good as the first, but it's still worthwhile, and the characters are interesting, as they were in the first book.<br /><br />The first book (\\"The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo\\") Mikael Blomqvist and Lisbeth Salander teamed up to solve the mystery of Harriet Vanger, who disappeared as a teenager, and also the Wennerstrom controversy, which cost Blomqvist a libel conviction and almost completely ruined his reputation. This second book takes up where the first one left off, with the two characters more or less estranged. Blomqvist is about to publish an issue of his magazine which will blow the lid off of the forced prostitution industry in Sweden (what we used to call \\"white slavery\\" in more lurid times) written by a freelancer and researched by his girlfriend, a doctoral candidate who's working on a dissertation on the subject. Salander, having lots of money from the outcome of the first book, wanders the world essentially enjoying herself.<br /><br />Salander returns, and involves herself in the story, at exactly the wrong moment, conferring with the freelancer and his doctoral candidate girlfriend just before they're murdered. Coincidentally (this is one of the weaker parts of the book) the murder weapon has her fingerprints all over it. So she goes into hiding, and essentially awaits events, while Blomqvist tries to figure out who killed his author and the guy's girlfriend.<br /><br />\\"Dragon Tattoo\\" worked, in my opinion, because even though it was long, it had interesting characters. The plot occupied probably half of the length of the book, with the remainder mostly being taken up by sideplots and exposition. You'd think that this time around there wouldn't need to be as much exposition, so that the book would be shorter or the plot longer, but none of these is true. This time around there's virtually no exposition of Blomqvist's character, but there's still a ton of stuff to learn about Salander's background, and we learn it all in detail as the book progresses. The plot also does the multiple points of view thing, a bit more than I would like. Salander's old boss, Dragan Armansky, inserts himself into the official investigation, managing to convince the police to allow him to attach two of his investigators to the team trying to solve the murders. This seemed improbable to me. I don't know anything about Swedish police procedures; here in the States such a thing wouldn't be allowed in pretty much any circumstances. The police investigation is followed in detail too, with characters fitting into various stereotypes that you see in movies from the '50s.<br /><br />One gripe I really had about the book was how stupid the cops are. Now again, I don't know much about Swedish police. The characters, good and bad, are stupid though. They're investigating this double homicide, two people shot by someone with a \\"Colt .45 Magnum\\" revolver. Supposedly the shots happened almost simultaneously, within 5 seconds of one another. Now in the first place, I googled the term \\"Colt .45 Magnum, and as near as I can tell, no such gun exists. The nearest thing is what's called a \\".45 Long Colt\\" in American terminology. The cartridge is slightly longer than the \\".45 ACP\\", hence the long reference. Point is this is a *big* gun, with a hefty kick and a very large frame. It's also either a single action pistol (which means you have to cock it manually with your thumb before each shot) or if it's a double action, the trigger pull is very heavy and awkward to use. What all of this means is that the gun is really only practical for use by a large person with big hands who's strong enough to aim it properly and heavy enough to absorb the recoil. A small person could shoot one person with it, probably, but no more than that, certainly not quickly. It also takes some training and experienceto handle it properly. Lisbeth Salander is supposed to be 4'11\\" and weigh 90 lbs. Nowhere in any of the books is it mentioned she has any formal training or experience with handguns, or firearms of any sort; remember, Sweden's very hostile to firearms ownership, and she's been under guardianship since her early teens. Yet she's the chief suspect for several hundred pages, with the cops more or less ignoring everything above (most of this is never mentioned) and just doggedly searching for her, without result.<br /><br />Some of the characters are interesting, more or less, and the twists and turns of the plot are at times fun, I will say. I just wish the author had spent a little more time on the mystery part of the plot, making sure it made sense and was believable.alander is supposed to be 4'11\\" and weigh 90 lbs. Nowhere in any of the books is it mentioned she has any formal training or experience with handguns, or firearms of any sort; remember, Sweden's very hostile to firearms ownership, and she's been under guardianship since her early teens. Yet she's the chief suspect for several hundred pages, with the cops more or less ignoring everything above (most of this is never mentioned) and just doggedly searching for her, without result.    Some of the characters are interesting, more or less, and the twists and turns of the plot are at times fun, I will say. I just wish the author had spent a little more time on the mystery part of the plot, making sure it made sense and was believable.
0399245030|5.0|This is a great story about a boy trying to get a penguin back home.  I love the illustrations.  It is a simple story with a happy twist.  It is easy to read for 4-5 year olds.  You kids will enjoy reading this book!
0670021652|3.0|This book was full of interesting factoids about Marriage and what this means in many different cultures.   I liked its honest look at marriage instead of glossy view of an idealistic marriage.  Towards the end however, I couldn't wait for it to end.. and I was wanted to scream, \\"Get over it!\\"  Just get married!!!  Nothing in life is for sure anyways...
B00005221M|2.0|This movie is one my all-time favorites BUT not this version. The Director's Expanded Edition really changed from the original - the only expanded scenes I noticed were at the battle of the fort. The wonderful theme song by Moira Brennan was entirely cut out of the waterfall scene, which, to me, was one of the most beautiful parts of the movie. I'll sell this one and go back to the original theatrical version.
B002ZBTWL0|5.0|\\"Attila\\" comes form Verdi's \\"galley years\\" of the 1840's, when as a young man he threw himself into producing a series of crowd-pleasing blockbusters while  gradually introducing musical innovations which permitted greater psychological insight and profundity than mere \\"oompah\\" rhythms allowed. I know of only three studio recordings of \\"Attila\\" and it is to this day rarely performed, although it strikes me as almost as melodic, dramatic and entertaining as its close cousins \\"Ernani\\" and \\"Nabucco\\", especially when performed as well as it is here. Gardelli recorded a flawed set for Hungaroton which can be discounted, but he and Muti, the conductors of studio recordings from Philips in 1973 and EMI in 1989 respectively, are Verdi specialists; both know how to drive the action forward yet still give their singers space to make their points, and both are masters of early Verdian style.<br /><br />Thus choosing between the two depends very much upon personal taste in voices and a weighing up of the many advantages, and few disadvantages, of both sets. The sopranos, Cristina Deutekom and the Cheryl Studer, in fact sound very similar, with fast vibratos, a slight tendency to tremulousness and a really edgy, nervy dramatic flair which successfully captures the volatile and rather unpleasant Odabella. Both cope very well with the sweep and range of the part, so not much between them. Similarly, both Sherrill Milnes and Giorgio Zancanaro are thrilling, truly Italianate baritones with the heft, range, ping, legato and upper extension to encompass the demands of the role of Ezio. Both choruses and orchestras are exemplary; nothing between them, either.<br /><br />However, there is more to think about when considering the singers who take the eponymous bass role and the comparatively small (as in \\"Nabucco\\" and \\"Macbeth\\") tenor parts. As is so often the case, Ruggero Raimondi has a beautiful line and inflects the text intelligently, but compared with Samuel Ramey, lacks the weight and gravity of voice which the latter artist brings to Attila. As for Shicoff and Bergonzi, the younger artist turns in one of his more impressive performances, but the unadorned line of his singing and rather unremitting nasal tone compare less favourably with Bergonzi's elegance and individuality. Having said that, signs of deterioration in Bergonzi's basic vocal quality are already creeping in, in the early 70's, and he manages less sheer gusto than Shicoff.<br /><br />So in the end you must go with your own preference, but neither set disappoints. Both rise to the big numbers and the ensembles are especially rousing. As chances to hear it live are relatively few, any Verdian should own one if not both of these two recordings. Unfortunately, in this re-issue EMI is pursuing its irritating, cheese-paring practice of supplying the libretto on a \\"bonus disc\\" instead of in immediately readable form.voice which the latter artist brings to Attila. As for Shicoff and Bergonzi, the younger artist turns in one of his more impressive performances, but the unadorned line of his singing and rather unremitting nasal tone compare less favourably with Bergonzi's elegance and individuality. Having said that, signs of deterioration in Bergonzi's basic vocal quality are already creeping in, in the early 70's, and he manages less sheer gusto than Shicoff.    So in the end you must go with your own preference, but neither set disappoints. Both rise to the big numbers and the ensembles are especially rousing. As chances to hear it live are relatively few, any Verdian should own one if not both of these two recordings. Unfortunately, in this re-issue EMI is pursuing its irritating, cheese-paring practice of supplying the libretto on a \\"bonus disc\\" instead of in immediately readable form.
067101756X|3.0|Early in the book, the writer states, \\"Everything you have ever heard about flying saucers is true.\\"  I choked on my coffee and spluttered, \\"How could that possibly be?\\"     Lt. Col. Corso has impeccable and documentable credentials.  If anyone knows what went on, he should.  After all, he was career military and later worked under Hoyt Vandenberg.  Nevertheless, I never did find that one factoid that would convince me unconditionally that the contents of the book are true.      What reason would he have to reveal such startling information after forty years of silence?  Why would he publish information contrary to official government statements?  On the other hand, what reason would he have to stretch the truth?  Cynically, he might want to cash in on his experience and provide a nest egg for his family.  Also, older people are often accused of doddering senility. Could his stories have been slightly \\"improved\\" by his co-writer who appears on the History Channel TV program \\"UFO Hunters\\"?     This is a very puzzling and exasperating book but very interesting.  Four stars for excitement.  Three stars for credibility.
B000001EGE|5.0|I listen to this album (for the 1,000th time) and I think \\"care free and honest\\".  It is such a pure representation of great popular music.  It represents Elton at the top of his game: melding several genres together musically and then taking Bernie's lyrics and turning the entire album into an early 70's rock and roll classic.    My all-time favorite is \\"Mona Lisas and Mad Hatters\\": it captures Elton's incredible sense of simple, powerful melody and combines it with Bernie's \\"straight from experience\\" lyrics.  On top of that, it's \\"stripped\\" down: no big orchestral arrangements....just piano, vocal, and some acoustic guitar and mandolin.  Second is \\"Mellow\\": so soulful and laid back...Elton's vooals on the second verse are what I think make him a genuine and unique talent.  Honestly, after owning and listen to this album for a while, I don't even pay attention to \\"Rocket Man\\" anymore, as many of the other songs mentioned are kind of like the insider's treasure.    To sum it up, this album is so well thought out and so pure at the same time...magic.
B000VE439Y|5.0|I choose this rating because the movie is good. What I like about the movie is that Monty Python delivers the group's sharpest and smartest satire of both religion and Hollywood's epic films. Set in 33 A.D. Judea where the exasperated Romans try to impose order, it is a time of chaos and change with no shortage of messiahs and followers willing to believe in them. At its center is Brian Cohen, born in Bethlehem in a stable next door, who, by a series of absurd circumstances is caught up in the new religion and reluctantly mistaken for the promised messiah, providing ample opportunity for the entire ensemble (Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones and Michael Palin) to shine in multiple roles as they question everyone and everything from ex-lepers, Pontius Pilate and haggling to revolutionaries, crazy prophets, religious fanaticism, Roman centurions and crucifixion, forever changing our biblical view. What I dislike about the movie is that I wanted to see more of it. I would recommend this movie to other people.
044654146X|5.0|Even if one does have some knowledge of the economic history of Israel, this well researched book provides an excellent opportunity to learn the background stories of some of the High Tech successes that have created the motor that drives the country's economy.     Moreover, it interprets the combination of factors that have made this possible.    A country with virtually no natural resources has managed to climb the ladder of economic growth, and was recently accepted as a member of the OECD.    The authors have done a magnificent job in providing the fascinating histories of the selected companies and providing the insight into how it all evolved. They have done it in a very readable manner.
0307454541|3.0|great movie but this book for me was hard to get thru so i just went and saw the movie and now reading the 2nd book the girl who played with fire and that that read flows much easier and faster better
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|Absolutely the best of the three books, all were excellent.  I'm proud to say that just based on these books I have several people I work with reading more and discussing something besides woe is me. Great characters, storyline, action and seeing the best and worst of human beings in all three books.<br />Stieg Larsson is no longer with us, but hope the manuscripts he left behind will encourage someone else to pick up the baton for more great stories about \\"The girl......
B000P12LWY|5.0|My daughter told me that the Tudors was very intertaining and I would love watching it. She was right, I was hooked on the series before I got throught the first disk.
B0015DWJX2|5.0|Excellent book, great story, insight to a history that I knew little about.  It was funny, heartfelt and written really well. Don't get thrown off that it is written in a style that I feel just didn't work in other books. The characters came alive and you felt you knew them.  I was sorry when it ended, I wanted to know what happened to each person that I came to cherish.
B002IR3PQ4|5.0|I love this band! Freddie Mercury is amazing! He had an amazing voice! I just love all of their songs on this album. My favorite song is Somebody to Love. Queen still plays on the radio, and I just love their music! Freddie Mercury will always in our hearts forever.
B00005JPS6|5.0|Great movie. The adults as well as the kids will love it.  The only problem is that the little kids will think bees are nice and can talk and might run up to them in the yard.
B002GZQYMK|1.0|It's like Queen and Radiohead gave birth to a drooling, half-wit love child. Pretentious, derivative, over-engineered dreck.
0307454541|5.0|I don't often read novels, but this was so engaging and unusual that I found much to enjoy.  The only problem was that I was unable to put the book down until it was done.
B001TK8TJO|3.0|So far so good. I'm still reading the book. It's taking me a long time b/c i don't want to breeze through the chapters. I'm putting into practice the advice Mr. Chapman is giving. Some things are hard to accept but i think it's worth it.
0425166805|1.0|This book horrifies me.  There is not one single shred of proof anywhere in it.  All the conclusions he reaches are based on either an overactive imagination accompanied by psychosis or downright fraud.  Instead of researching his findings he simply makes judgments on the fly that have no basis in reality.  I couldn't even find this book entertaining as to how poorly it was written, how fervently he states is \\"facts\\", and the absolute lack of scientific integrity.  If you really want to read it get it from a library don't waste money on it.
0786868724|5.0|Have a Little Faith: A True Story was absolutly amazing! Mitch Albom keeps you mesmerized with each and every page. It's definitly one that is hard to put down once you start reading. I'd recommend it to anyone and everyone!
0792164903|5.0|This movie is on my favorites list.  If you love Johnny Depp, you'll love this movie.
B0008ENICU|4.0|This is a wonderful movie. The fashion is terrific with an homage to classic movies made that year, Gone  With the Wind,  The Wizard of Oz and Robin Hood. As over the top that the movie seems, the story is still true to today.  The only problem  that I had was the sound would periodically become very loud.  Great movie for a girls get together.
B001GCUO5M|3.0|Some people guessed the ending early on, others didn't. Many films have come out with twist endings so a lot of people can see them coming now a days, but Scorsese's direction does make a difference.    This movie is not likely to inspire or become a classic like Taxi Driver or Raging Bull, but to just enjoy sitting down and watching a new movie, this works.
B003405MF6|5.0|I saw Jeff Beck perform several of these compositions at the Eric Clapton Crossroads concert a few weeks ago.  In my opinion, Jeff stole the show.  One reviewer on this site said this current work brought tears to his eyes.  He wasn't the only one.  Towards the end of Nessun Dorma forty thousand of us were on our feet, cheering wildly.  What a powerful and original piece of work.  Inspirational is a word that comes to mind.  I have rarely found a musician who commands such artistry and power as Jeff Beck.  Here is a guy who is 66 and has no problem reinventing himself.  His current work stands alone.  Nothing he has done in the past sounds quite like it.  I've seen so many musicians in the latter stages of their careers whose best days are behind them.  Not so with Beck.  He has a totally new band and a fresh, new sound.  He is so much more than a guitar player.  He is a brilliant composer.  This is at the core of his talent.  He is probably the most expressive guitar player I heard.  He is a master at using sound to capture and convey a mood or feeling.  And this is the hallmark of a brilliant artist.  The rest are just musicians.
B0037W68F4|4.0|For their second album, MGMT left the pop hooks behind for a sound that is reminiscent of a cross between a psychedelic surf album and a psychedelic cartoon show theme song.  The album is noisier than its spacey, ethereal,  predecessor \\"Oracular Spectacular...\\" evidenced by such songs as \\"Song for Dan Treacy,\\" which is a loud and fast conglomeration of words and instruments.<br /><br />While the Catchy hooks are missed on this album, \\"Congratulations\\" is not without its creativity.  One particular highlight is the masterpiece \\"Siberian Breaks;\\" a flowing suite which begins with a sparse acoustic guitar riff and gradually ends in sonic delight.  Also, while the album lacks the sing-a-longs of MGMT's freshman effort, songs like \\"Brian Eno\\" and \\"Flash delirium\\" are sure to be stuck in the listener's head, as well as the albums poignant namesake song, \\"Congratulations.\\"<br /><br />\\"Congratulations\\" is a great sophomore effort by a band with a future brighter than any currently making records.  The missing link that is stopping MGMT from achieving legendary status is the happy medium between their two albums.  If the band can find a way to record blast-off songs that INCLUDE catchy pop hooks (Beatles, anyone!) there is no limit to MGMT's potential.
B00009R6J7|5.0|I have found this little guy to be very helpful with landscape photography.  It's satisfying to know the the horizon is correct in camera and not have to correct it later with software.
B000001FS3|5.0|The greatest thing about U2 for me is that none of their music sounds dated. Somehow they keep managing to transcend the times and time itself.
0307454541|4.0|I love mystery novels and this was one of my favorites thus far. I enjoyed how the story unfolded and cannot wait to read the next book in the series. I found myself staying awake at night trying to get through one more chapter before falling asleep.
B000001FTQ|5.0|The greatest thing about U2 for me is that none of their music sounds dated. Somehow they keep managing to transcend the times and time itself.
B002MRRRAA|5.0|I'm not going to go into detail about what an amazing musician/performer Kurt Cobain was.  You know the name, you know the sound, etc.  This concert is a must have.  Kurt gets wheeled out onto the stage as if the backstage area was a hospital, and proceeds to rip through a set of tunes that are as relevant today as they were in '92.  Just buy this, put your feet up, grab a beer, cocktail, ur girlfriend/boyfriend etc.. and watch this band sing and play their hearts out for you!  Yes this is THAT good!  Hey Kurt, wherever you are thanks for the music & ROCK ON DUDE!!!
B002J8LVO0|5.0|The greatest thing about U2 for me is that none of their music sounds dated. Somehow they keep managing to transcend the times and time itself.
0061353248|5.0|This book had many extraordinary insights into the complexities of the human psyche. It is a must read.
B000001DTM|5.0|The greatest thing about U2 for me is that none of their music sounds dated. Somehow they keep managing to transcend the times and time itself.
014241493X|5.0|i read this book and when i got to the end, i was like, woah... because it was half of what i expected. this story has a great plot and an ending i felt like i needed a few minutes to think about... in a good way. i would recomend this book to anyone that doesnt mind some profanity and enjoys thinking of alternate endings.
B0006399FS|5.0|I'm a person of few words so the title will have to stand as my review with the addition of this: after 35 years who would've expected they could keep finding new ground to cover?
B002GZQY6Q|5.0|It took me about 10 \\"listenings\\" to get what they were doing. I'll put this title up there with the rest of their work. Porcupine Tree is an excellent band and their work is very thoughtful. You should own all Porcupine Tree cds' to get the entire picture. Deadwing and In Absentia are fantastic! This may rank up there with these albums in time.
B0013LPS6Q|5.0|An album that, to this day, transcends time and meaning.<br />An amazing first complete studio album.<br />Time is only now catching up with them.
B002VPE1X4|4.0|This is a cute little case that I'm using for my Canon SD1200, however, I think that it is too much for such a small camera. Perhaps if you have a larger compact digital camera this will work out better for you. There are three pockets, I keep the camera in the middle pocket. The front and rear pockets could be used for flash cards, card reader(s), batteries, anything small.<br /><br />I don't like how the top isn't snug. The velcro on the top extends far past the velcro on the front of the pouch, leaving smaller items (such as the batteries and memory cards) to fall out. Not very secure for anything besides the actual camera itself since it can't escape.<br /><br />I did decide to put my camera in the case and drop it from about 6' (yes, scary, I know) and the camera did just fine! It doesn't feel like it would be much protection, but I'm sure those extra pockets in front of and behind the camera are offering so much more cushioing that it's assisting with the fall. There are also two little tiny \\"pouches\\" on the sides that are there just because they weren't sewn shut.<br /><br />The biggest con of this camera case was not the most excellent \\"Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging\\" that it came in (which was about 4\\"x6\\"), but it was the huge box it was delivered in (which was about 16\\"x8\\"). Seriously, Amazon, WTH?<br /><br />This might just double for an excellent pill bottle carrier, or perhaps for carrying those car keys instead of using a dreaded fanny pack! This is, however, something that I will *most definitely* use, especially when going horseback riding. I would gladly pay the advertised price for this little case.
B003CFBQBW|3.0|I like about 4 songs on this CD.  I prefer the previous 2 twilight soundtracks than this one.
B00005NTJK|5.0|There is no accounting for taste, and everyone has his own, but for my money, this is one of the best albums ever recorded in the heyday of classic rock. Ian Anderson's voice is in peak form, and Martin Barre's guitar playing is impeccable and innovative. Some of the riffs you hear are the first time anyone had attempted such figures. The songs range from dark (\\"To Cry You a Song\\") to celebratory of the mundane (\\"Inside\\") and this is a \\"don't miss\\" effort. A must for any collector of fine classic rock.
B002BU0DPE|4.0|If you're looking for a good PS3 wired headset, the PX21 is well worth the price of entry.  There's lots of bonus features, you can use it on a PC/Mac as well as the XBox 360!  What headset in the sub-$100 range could claim that?  It's simple to wire up and sounds good even through the slight hiss.  Mic is excellent and rotates out of the way when not in use.  Every listener on the PC/PS3/360 have all reported good to excellent voice quality.  Its relatively light and quite comfortable on the ear.<br /><br />Unfortunately there are some cons.  Since the 360, PS3 and most modern PC continually provide power to the USB ports, unless you unplug it completely then the headset is never really \\"off\\".  The audio controller pod that is in-line with the headset cord is both rather heavy, as it sways around eventually it will get caught on something, pull on the left headset or just simply break loose from where the cord connects to the headset.  Now that's not all bad, considering there's a good sized belt clip on the back that will help keep its weight off the tiny cord itself...until it breaks, and break it will.  The tiny plastic c-joint that holds the clip's hinge assembly together is of rather fragile quality plastic.  One slight tug the wrong way can easily break that hinge and once you do, you're stuck with it.  Unlike the more expensive X41, the dongle is permanently attached and thus cannot be replaced once broken.  Take care of this clip from breaking and the headset is a perfect budget item.<br /><br />Hope this helps some of you decide.
0143038419|5.0|The book was in very great shape, just as described by the seller. I also received it very quickly. Thank you!
0740748475|5.0|The collection quickly and good shape, the corner appears to be a little bent, but is hardly noticeable. The box it was delivered in looked like kind of bad, but just small criticisms. Overall great product!
0060574216|1.0|Reading this book, a question pops into my mind: According to Dr. Gray,the important point in a relationship is that women should give men some space in a relationship, by occupying themselves with bubblebaths.    Now here is my question: IF the stereotypes about men and women in the book are true, and IF the solution is that men and women should behave accordingly, why are there already problems in relationship? There are many cavemen, and many needs women and those cavemen try to get their girlfriends/wives to back off, and I am sure some of those needy women are trying to be happy by themselves, out of desperation that their men won't treat them right. IF this is Dr Gray's expert solution, why hasn't this worked already? This seems like a recipe for disaster, rather than any relationship solution....
B00127RAJY|5.0|I've recently lost weight through an hcg program, and wanted to tone up. This workout has been AMAZING! I was worried about being able to wake up 30 minutes early (To get dressed and do the workout). But within a few days of working out, not only were my arms more toned, but my body clock was set! Even when I took a few weeks off, I would wake up at the same time. My stamina and endurance for other exercising increased. Everything was just plain better!  Excellent program! I'm getting the Burn Fat Boost Metabolism workout next!!
0679746048|2.0|This is a very short book, which is actually great, because if you're on the fence about getting involved with it, by the time you've made up your mind you'll have already finished it.<br /><br />I read the book because I watched the movie and I was curious. The book fulfilled my curiosity but not much else. It adds snip-its of details to the characters and definitely has a more viable believability than the movie did but if you've watched the movie you already know all the dialogue. Nothing in the book was spared when they made the movie it seemed.<br /><br />I enjoyed the book. It was short and I wish it was longer and more detailed. I def recommend to borrow it from the library though instead of buying it. My two cents.
B0015AARJI|5.0|I ordered this because I do a lot of gaming,I wear out controllers fast. This is a great product!
B003BYYDXW|5.0|i love my world 2.0! it is amazing, and their are so many new songs that are great. already as of now most of the songs are already hits that everyone hears. i think this album is one of the best that has came out this year. everyone that hasn't gotten this album yet, needs to go out and buy it now! Show your love for Justin Bieber :)
B003CNQPNS|5.0|Very Nice DVD set.  The series is well presented and the extras are very informative and entertaining.  For a full review of the DVD set, and more information on this short lived show, go to streethawkonline dot com.
B00009MGGI|4.0|My wife and I liked the twists and turns of this British political thriller.  Even though it was made some time ago, the script sounded as if it could have been written in 2008.    The main character, F.U., was well developed; my wife and I both like character driven plots. Memorable in their depiction, were Mattie (F.U.'s first \\"puppet\\") and F.U.'s wife Elizabeth, whom my wife suspected was more of the power behind the throne than the first two parts of the trilogy showed.    The downside of the trilogy was that first part was the best, the second adequate, but the third and final was somewhat disappointing.  The characters were all interesting, but we both felt they were exaggerations of English royalty and politicians.
B001C1066E|5.0|the product is perfect it is not bad at all ... good fabric and not cheap at all. it looks like the exact one naruto has on the show... im a naruto fan, a big one and its perfect. the only down fall to it is that its smaller than i expected but still a good size.  8D
1935251740|5.0|This book is a delightful read. What Dr. Lanza calls Biocentrism, Physicist Amit Goswami calls Monistic Idealism. This book does a fab job at lucidly illustrating the quantum experiments that defy materalistic assumptions and tie reality to the partcipating minds of the observors. Quantum experiments and quantum mathematics seem to be literally pointing to an Idealistic/Biocentric universe. It seems we no longer live in a cold and dead universe, but rather one that is fundamentally animate and alive! Or as the biologist Rupert Sheldrake would put it, the universe appears to be more like a developing living organism rather than a machine!
B00005OCMR|5.0|I'd been looking for this DVD for awhile, I really enjoyed seeing this in the theatre and this DVD really is amazing. I like all the extras included. For anyone that is a fan of computer generated graphics this is a must see. In an age where these kind of graphics are the norm, this movie still captivates me. It's still hard to believe this movie is that old, and IMHO set the stage for Pixar and others like it to change how we view animation.
B0039TD7PY|5.0|Great cd and dvd set.  Music was great...totally enjoyed it. They played a good portion of their hits along with some interesting narration about their careers.
B000058983|5.0|I was 13 when this recording was released.  I didn't get into it until at least 20 years later, and at first I wasn't thrilled, though I did like it.  Then when reading that Arthur Lee thought he would soon die soon after this was released, it started to make more sense.  The music isn't incredibly complex, but it still can challenge musicians with its varied influences, from blues to Mariachi, to psychedelia to Dylan to classical.  The lyrics are often leaning toward the bizarre, and I am pretty sure many are drug influenced. (eg, \\"the snot has caked against my pants\\")  Yet the music is often pretty, and the string arrangments of \\"The Red Telephone\\" and \\"You Set the Scene\\" are some of the best I have heard in a rock setting.  The album has some political overtones; Lee is obviously wrestling with his demons and yet trying to remain ultimately hopeful.  I was able to see him months before he died where he played most of Forever Changes, and he sounded really great and focused that evening.  He grabbed at his shirt when he sang, \\"And the things that I must do consist of more than style,\\" and he said something that I have heard at many concerts over the years.  He said simply, \\"Love one another.\\" Usually I toss that aside as a cliche, but for some reason that night it felt like it was truly meant and it grabbed my heart.  Not knowing that he had leukemia at the time, it makes more sense now, just like the recording itself, once you allow yourself to explore it.
B0015GDR44|5.0|Finally, a program that does not rely on gimmicks and long suspense moments. This is a refreshing change to episodic weekly dramas. A voyeuristic peek into the therapists office as real people in an exploration together. It's messy. It's frustrating. It's gifts of answers. It's real life. Not a neat bundle; nor should it be.   I got a lot out of it; and was interested to find out what happened next.     My favorite patients were: Laura, Sophie, Paul & Gina. Compelling.    Dianne Wiest is fantastic as Gina.
0385504225|5.0|I have read every Dan Brown novel, a couple of which, a couple times over....so, needless to mention, I'm an avid fan. Dan Brown is truly a magnificent writer; very learned, well researched, an exponentially intricate weaver of webs, an innovator, a prose man to the core, and a master creator of the pageturner. I must admit, I honestly thought that it would have most certainly been a seriously challenging feat for Brown to create yet another novel that would at least parallel his 2 subsequent masterpieces: Angels & Demons, and the Da Vinci Code. BUT, HE DID IT AGAIN! A huge congratulations to Mister Dan Brown!...The storyline of the Lost Symbol is substantial, highly interesting, intricate, very well-spun, gripping, and factually speaking, the amount of research that the Lost Symbol is built upon, took Dan Brown a FULL 5 years to complete....Now tht's dedication & fortitude. That fact alone, spells out a man who simply wouldn't put his name on anything less than full-tilt quality; especially at this stage in the game, given Brown's achievements prior to the Lost Symbol. Dan Brown always brings light to the darkness in the pages of his books, but he does so in such a way that one can not put his books down. Simply stated: I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS READ, & I'M PROUD TO OWN IT.
B003U0535E|5.0|Dianne and Gabriel are artists in perfection. All dialogue of grownups without suspense music so often necessary so support weak actors. These folks know their stuff. The camera the third player is excellent. Long lingering shots; body language allowed to reflect the dance of these two.
B0007MVXQG|5.0|Most song are song which could be on any priest album, except more energy. Demonizer,judas is rising and deal with the devil are examples. Hellrider is the heaviest priest song ever and you can see why Slayer sound the way they do. The album rocks from the begining to end. If Judas Priest write more albums like this I will keep buying their albums(probably will anyway).All metal fans will be banging their heads to this album.
0321344758|5.0|The book is short by design which makes it an easy read. In the words of the author, \\"you can read it on a flight.\\" Although there are 12 chapters, most of them are fairly short, with only two chapters taking up more than 5 or 6 pages. The author writes with a style that is engaging and witty, which keeps you interested in the book.    He starts out with a brief explanation of why he wrote a second edition and what has changed in this book compared to the first edition. Once he gets that out of the way, he dives right into \\"Krug's first law of usability\\" (hint: its the title). He talks about the way many sites implement the same type of features, and what makes one better over the other.    Krug points out that there is a big difference between how most designers think users see their site, and how those users actually do see it. Designers tend to think that a visitor to their site will read through every single word on the page, taking in all this great copy and information that we spend so much time on. In reality, users scan pages rather than read them. They load a site and immediately begin looking for something that is close to what they think will let them complete the task they have in mind. After talking through these differences, Krug offers solutions to help a site cater more to the user that just scans.    One thing that Krug does keep to a minimum is talk about the proper way to do this or the correct way to do that when building a site. What he does try to convey in this book are some guiding principles for better usability. He discusses proper navigation and sub-navigation techniques as well as arranging content so that it is clear what section of the site a user is in.    The two chapters in the book that Krug commits the most time to covers what are probably two of the most important parts of any site: Navigation and the Home Page. He talks at length about navigation, specifically using the navigation to show a user where they currently are and wherethey have been. In both cases, real world sites are used to illustrate examples of good and bad navigation design. Krug also exalts the usefulness and importance of the breadcrumb.    If you have been thinking of conducting usability testing, but wrote it off as a luxury that you or your client couldn't afford, Krug helps smash that myth. With as little as $300, you can run a simple usability test. He even goes as far as to provide details of how to set up the test and a script you can follow if you are unsure of exactly what to ask.    All in all, this is a great book for web designers at any level. It helps put little nuggest of information in your head that you can pull out when designing and building a site to improve things as you build them. If you are new to usability, this book will help show you some simple solutions to common usability issues. The bottom line is that improving the usability of your site will improve your site overall, and this book offers the advice that will help you do that.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Very pleased with the service I received. I ordered the wrong item and in contact with the seller, I was offered a full refund with the return. The product I received was just as described when I ordered it. I will purchase from the seller again.
B003HLM2QO|5.0|Scream is easily the best Ozzy music since No More Tears.   I like the opening track but I think Scream should have been the 1st song. Fearless and Scream are my favorites and two of Ozzy's best songs ever. Buy it, support good music. It's a good deal.
B000OVLBFS|5.0|Like anything Tom Selleck is in. This is a great series.   Have enjoyed them very much.
030726999X|2.0|I started this book with much enthusiasm, after reading \\"The Girl Who Played With Fire\\", which I really liked. However, I find myself bored and unable to concentrate on this last installment, and have to keep rereading pages because my mind starts to wander. Every time I pick it up I end up looking for something else to read instead. I am about half way through, and I don't think I will finish it; maybe in the future when I have less on my mind and can find the peace and quiet to concentrate. The writing to me is cumbersome, (which may be the translation), the characters are endless, and the story drags, unfortunately.<br />As others have said, the multitude of characters and names are hard to follow, which would be ok if the story was more involving, but it is just not for me at this time.
B00003CWPL|4.0|Ok, I bought this in hope for something that is actually scary (making scary movies are really hard these days: the film industry figures that everyone are pansies, which they sadly are). I was somewhat dissapointed. It is very mysterious and strange,   but not disturbing throughout as many people have described it. No, it gradually builds up, and up, and up, and the wickedness starts.  Then it starts from normal, and builds up, etc. The final scene is perhaps the best ending in a film ever.    It is a cult classic, and for a reason. This was unbelivably disturbing and strange then, and people still think so today.  It is a work of genious, no doubt of that. The dark, musty atmosphere is unlike anything. It's like somebody sprayed mist into the living room. But, It is somewhat overrated. YES I SAID IT. RAWRR!  If you're bored by seemingly terrifiying films, this is the one for you. Eraserhead explores a dark and surreal world that makes no sense. It is like looking into another dimension.
B001HN694K|2.0|I was waiting for the actual story; as it is in the book.  Where WAS Tim Burton in this?  This Movie COULD have been as profound as the book.  What patients I did have for it left me with . . .  Disney.  wow. I found it difficult to remain interested.  Nice camera work; effects.  I would have preferred a story line that was good, and original.
B00000E7Q6|5.0|It did take a while for this one to grow on me, but now I love Black Tie White Noise as much as Bowie's others. This one probably has the most saxophone playing, and has the jazziest sound out of all his albums. There are 4 cover songs, but they're all done well and don't detract from the rest of them. The highlights are the title track, \\"Jump, They Say,\\" \\"Nite Flights,\\" \\"Miracle Goodnight,\\" and \\"The Wedding Song.\\" If your a big David Bowie fan, you definitely don't want to pass this one up. If you don't include his Tin Machine albums, this was Bowie's best since Scary Monsters.
B003J27WFW|5.0|The best thing I can say for this film is that it somehow took a band that I have devoted so much love, time and money to; and made me actually like them more. A well made film, that I think anyone (even non rush fans) could appreciate. To paraphrase Trent Reznor, it seems like they have taken a righteous path. They just seem like genuinely nice and funny guys who did what they loved. They never fell into the usual musical trappings for those exact same reasons.    This film gives you great insight into a band whose history has been ignored or under-documented for the most part. You get a great peek at the band themselves, their albums and the devotion of their fans. I hope that this exposure helps them get some of the respect they deserve, if not I am sure all the Rush fans will go on loving and supporting them for as long as they make music.
B0028RXXFC|5.0|Bought Rome: The Complete Series, Blu-ray DVD as a birthday present for my adult son.  He loved it and is enjoying watching the series at his leisure. [[ASIN:B0028RXXFC Rome: The Complete Series [Blu-ray]]]
0670034711|4.0|What is there to say about this memoir that hasn't already been said? It appears to be either absolutely loved or hated by most people who read it, after all. Whether the idea for the book itself was contrived because of a book advance, whether half the people Ms. Gilbert wrote about were made up--none of it changes the fact that the woman knows how to write. Of course, it certainly helps that I personally identify with her story, especially the beginning where she is leaving her husband for \\"no good reason\\" (as some Amazon reviewers have pointed out). Usually, people have very good reasons for leaving the people who become their exes, and I commend Ms. Gilbert for not throwing her ex-husband under the bus (as God only knows, I would have been tempted to do).<br /><br />In general, the author is honest about her [many] faults. As someone who is a bit of a skeptic when it comes to enlightenment experiences and the like, I get the feeling that she may have exaggerated some things just a little bit. Of course, I may very well be wrong--but in the end, it doesn't really matter either way. What matters is that Ms. Gilbert has created something that is both an interesting and enlightening read. Four out of five stars.
B002BFBAWO|5.0|This film blew me away, it was a great coming of age story. This film will make you want to find your soulmate and you will want to watch this film over and over again, the film is funny at parts but turns out to be a movie with a message and will warm your heart. Kristen Stewarts character is far better in this film than in the twilight series. This is a great \\"feel good\\" movie.
0525423842|1.0|With books like this, Grisham will continue to lose his fan base.  Simple plot.  Simple conversation.  Simple character development.  I would not recommend this book to anyone of any age.
B000022TSY|4.0|I saw this movie when it first came out, It meant a lot to me as I am from that era,Now that I,m older I appriciate the talents of Peter Fonda.Dennis Hopper and Jack Nicholson,They represented freedom that we were struggling to find then, Seeing it again now I really enjoyed it,It brought back memories of my youth and rekindled nice memories of back when in my life, I had to keep the memory of Dennis Hooper alive in my soul and spirit,May he rest in peace, He was one of the great ones in my opinion, I also like the Rolling Stones magazine article on Dennis Hooper by Vennesa Grigoriadis, A true free spirit!.
030726999X|5.0|There have already been many reviews on the story. So, I won't need to elaborate. The story made Dan Brown's plots look like kindergarten work. I absolutely enjoy these books and recommend them to all my friends.<br /><br />I disagree with those comments regarding inadequate translation. I think Reg Keeland did a very good job, especially when swedish is such an uncommonly spoken langauge. Without Reg Keeland's work, English readers will not have the luck to enjoy such wonderful books. As a non native speaker of English, I understand how difficult it is to translate between languages and I have done some myself. So, I have an appreciation of good translation. Those negative comments are really unfounded.
B001SGEUNI|4.0|This is a very good band with a surprising sound for such young members. Lzzy is an excellent vocalist/guitarist. The rest of the band are also very talented. I find it surprising that in this day and age a young band like this actually plays good hard rock like it was meant to be.<br /><br />I really like the CD and the songs are all good. I'll be listening to it regularly and anxiously awaiting their next album.<br /><br />I think it's fairly obvious who wrote the lyrics for pretty much every song on the CD. It's like a diary of a young woman's love life. There is nothing wrong with that and the great, hard driving rock music behind the vocals really makes me like this band.<br /><br />My one suggestion would be for someone besides Lzzy to write some of the songs on the next album and although writing songs about life is what most do, an entire album of songs about problems with your love life is a bit tedious.<br /><br />Great job for a first album. Let's hear some new and hopefully more versatile stuff the next time around.<br /><br />Halestorm rocks!
B003K025V4|1.0|Even giving this one star is being too generous.  I had the full catalogue of Miley/Hannah CDs until I got this one, played it once, then LITERALLY threw it in the trash.  I love all the rest of her stuff from the first Hannah CD up through the movie soundtrack and \\"Party in the USA.\\"  It was all fantastic.  Great songs, performed well.  What more could you ask for?    So, what's the problem with \\"Can't Be Tamed\\"?  The problem is all these under 30 year old female artists vying with each other to SOUND THE SAME.  The world does not need another thump-thump-thump Euro-trash song -- much less a full CD of such -- which is what Miley has delivered with \\"Can't Be Tamed.\\"  Her best option would have been to do a TRUE rock album.  Something NOT over-produced with all the studio tricks used to the max, but something that sounded REAL and from the heart.  Music that will sound good 20 years from now.  Her second best option would have been to do the predictable (given her genetics) and cut a country album.  But, that would've been a bit risky as country has rarely gone over well with her core demographic, under 20 year old girls.    So, what she's done is made an album that aims to play it safe from a sales point of view.  Make a CD that sounds like every other CD out there today.  Pack it with mindless dance tunes because that's what the kiddies go for.  The end result may be awesome sales at the expense of a shorter career -- and one known for diminished artistic integrity after such a promising start.    In the 80s, a young star named Debbie Gibson burst out of the gate with 2 hugely successful albums that featured some tasty and clever pop-rock.  With her third album, \\"Anything Is Possible\\", she went the R&B dance music route and committed artistic suicide in the process.  She never had another hit.  Miley would do well to learn by the Debbie Gibson example.
B0039OGGVQ|5.0|What can I say that hasn't already been said. Slash is one of the greatest musician's of our time. Every track on this CD is excellent. I love the versatility of having a different vocalist on every song. I especially liked the song Fergie sings. At first I thought to myself that Fergie is a Hip Hop singer, how good could she possibly sound on a rock song? What a surprise. It turns out Fergie is an excellent rock vocalist too. I'd like to hear more rock songs with her as the vocalist.<br /><br />The rest of the vocalists are equally talented and as I said earlier, every song is good. Of course you have the excellent guitar work of Slash behind every song so you can't go wrong.<br /><br />Altogether I think this is an excellent album and well worth buying. I have been listening to it daily since I bought it. It's one of those you never get tired of and it's good old rock.
B0029LX2LC|5.0|If you haven't copped it yet, please do...The Roots have done it again!    Ever since I got the CD, I've been playing it over and over in the car, I love listening to their music while I'm driving. I've been following this band since their album, Illadelph Halflife-I've seen them live and they kill every time; though I haven't bought every single record they've put out, what particulary excites me about this band is their ability to stay FRESH-musically, lyrically, and production-wise. Being a musician, I listen to everything, including the production of each song. So, sometimes with an artist or band, I will skip a record, then buy a record to see if that freshness is still there. For the Roots thankfully, it is.     HIGO firmly places this band as one of hip-hop's greatest acts ever.    This time, I will not miss out on their NEXT record.
0385341008|5.0|This is the ONLY book that, after recommending it to friends, has prompted them to call and thank me for telling them about it.  The characters are warm and full of life.  The setting leaves one wanting to book the next flight to Guernsey (instead I took a virtual trip via [...] and found the island to be as quaint and lovely as described). A real page-turner you won't want to put down, it leaves one warm and satisfied, wanting more.  Note: After finishing the book I told my husband I didn't want it to end. He said, \\"Read it again!\\"  At first I thought, \\"No. I want another book as wonderful as this one.\\"  Now that a few months have gone by, and not having found anything quite this good, I picked it up again and am enjoying myself as much as with the first reading.  (I even purchased a couple of extra copies to share with friends so I won't have to give up mine. :-) Snoozin in San Diego
045122499X|4.0|The Earls, Monks, Nuns, and Guild wrangle for power, greed, and righteousness while fighting the plague, prosperity, and themselves.  Strong and flawed characters, well paced plot, and little secrets keep the book moving forward.  A few chapters slowed me down and the ending, sudden and clean, didn't match the \\"epicness\\" of the book but still four stars.
1401227821|5.0|It should come as no surprise that an Adam Hughes art book is fun to look at. But, having seen some lackluster releases from other artists, I was a little worried about the quality of the book itself (paper, printing, information). Holding the book in my hands now, I can say that the same intense care Adam takes when composing a cover was applied to the assembly of this book. Adam has said for years he wanted to put out a collection of his cover art, and when given the chance, he did it right. The paper is thick, luscious, bright white paper, and the printing is very good (there were a couple of defects in my book, but they were the exception, not the rule). Certainly this is the best his art has looked ... and it has already looked pretty amazing. Each featured image is printed slightly larger than the original cover, and is accompanied by a paragraph of Adam's thoughts about the process (and a fair amount of self satire). In addition to the covers themselves, Adam shows the studies he draws leading up to a finished piece of art. These are rare glimpses into his process and are almost as interesting as the finished art.     All this talk about the format, I suppose I should mention the ART. It's everything you would fantasize comic art can be. It is dramatic, funny, and sexy, all while telling a story in single images. His women are beautiful, his men handsome, but they always retain a sense of humanity and personality, and that sets Adam's work apart from most comic art. And although this book does not contain every cover he's done, I feel the art in this 208 page book is representative of Adam's career at DC. All MY favorite covers were included anyway.    If you enjoy comics and/or art, I feel confident you will enjoy this book.
0812550706|5.0|\\"Individual human beings are all tools, that the others use to help us all survive\\"<br />Ender is six years old when his is sent to Battle School, an elite school where Colonel Graff and Major Anderson oversee the training of these young children into the commanders and leaders who will save Earth from an impending fleet of aliens, called Buggers.<br /><br />I Liked:<br />I read this book ages ago, when I was a teen, and it absolutely resounded with me.  Once again, I feel the same connection.<br />The focus is tightly on Ender, with maybe two sections from Valentine's point of view and one from Bean.  This works perfectly for this novel, allowing us to really get inside Ender's head and feel what Ender feels.  As I read this book, I, in a way, became Ender, as he was placed in an unfamiliar, hostile environment, as he was forced to out-perform and as he saw flaws in the way people attacked and battled.  I could relate to his feelings of loneliness, of isolation, of his delving into the Fantasy Game, of being unable to put something aside (again, the Fantasy Game), and his drive to succeed.  Ender is a hero to those of us who have all experienced something harsh, in school, at work, with family.  That is why I believe he is so relatable.<br />Card mentions in his introduction that he was initially an archaeology student, then a theater student and then eventually a journalism student.  I mention this because he writes in a fairly hard scifi genre really well.  He has a really good grasp of zero-g and didn't hand-wave faster-than-light travel (though he does have faster-than-light communications, but, again, this isn't hard-hard science fiction) and aliens (making them near humanoid, etc.).  Being an engineer who has studied her fair share of chemistry, physics, and astronomy in and out of the classroom, I was impressed with his knowledge and how he wielded it.<br />Similarly, I was impressed at how well Card wrote the battle scenes that he did show.  Obviously, a problem can occur in fiction, where you have a supposedly brilliant strategist or tactician but the author isn't.  Card takes the \\"Tell don't show\\" route for all but a few of the most important, most necessary battles, which only helps Ender's character.<br />The story is brisk, well-written, and easy to read.  Card doesn't linger over unimportant details, strikes a nice balance between too little and too much description and doesn't write in an \\"elitist\\" manner.<br />While the story is outwardly about the buggers and the Third Invasion, the story is also inwardly about the effects of war and battles on the mind of a child.  Ender is never older than 12 during the war, and he is forced through things that most of us would be appalled should our children experience.  He has to think outside the box, he loses faith and hope, he despairs.  Constantly, he is pushed, his superiors believing him to be the \\"Savior\\" of mankind.  Constantly, he must redefine the rules and be better, to never lose.  It is a rough journey, it is a perilous quest, and I think it is something that all of us can associate with in one way or another.<br />Lastly, I was so amused how Card predicted the usage of the Internet (called \\"Net\\" in his book).  I am sure that there are earlier examples of Internet phenomena, but I still find it amazing that Card basically predicted blogs, online forums (are there any other than online these days?), trolls, several identities, and the whole wondering who you are when you have an online persona that is different from you (something that Valentine especially has to come to grips with).  In my \\"online\\" life, I've experienced it, and I must say that Card has written it very well, particularly when he had nothing to go on other than his imagination!<br /><br />I Didn't Like:<br />Sometimes the children tended to act older than their age.<br />The conclusion, I felt, was rather hastily written.  It was almost a broad summary instead of a nice, succinct ending.  I mean, it left room for a sequel, which was good, but none-the-less, I felt the story could definitely have ended sooner.<br /><br />Dialogue/Sexual Situations/Violence:<br />Lots and lots of talk of \\"farts\\", \\"p***\\", and other sorts of body humor.  Other than that (which got overwhelming at times), there isn't a whole lot of d***, h***, or b*****d.<br />Petra is one of the few girls, and her first appearance is in the nude (non-sexual).  The way that Valentine and Ender feel for each other could be construed as borderline incestuous.<br />Gobs.  Ender beats up a kid outside school enough so that he dies (he doesn't learn this until much later).  Peter threatens to kill Valentine and Ender (where are the parents?).  Ender experiences much torment at school and ends up in numerous fights.<br /><br />Overall:<br />I am not the one for gushing over books, at least I like to believe I don't.  Of course, I have my favorites, but I try to be objective as I can.<br />This is a very good book.  It really brought back the \\"child\\" in me, if you will.  It made me look into myself and see my struggles, my hardships, my brick walls.  To me, this is a classic scifi novel, a classic \\"coming of age\\" novel.  I highly recommend.<br /><br />Brought to you by:<br />*C.S. Light*the-less, I felt the story could definitely have ended sooner.    Dialogue/Sexual Situations/Violence:  Lots and lots of talk of \\"farts\\", \\"p***\\", and other sorts of body humor.  Other than that (which got overwhelming at times), there isn't a whole lot of d***, h***, or b*****d.  Petra is one of the few girls, and her first appearance is in the nude (non-sexual).  The way that Valentine and Ender feel for each other could be construed as borderline incestuous.  Gobs.  Ender beats up a kid outside school enough so that he dies (he doesn't learn this until much later).  Peter threatens to kill Valentine and Ender (where are the parents?).  Ender experiences much torment at school and ends up in numerous fights.    Overall:  I am not the one for gushing over books, at least I like to believe I don't.  Of course, I have my favorites, but I try to be objective as I can.  This is a very good book.  It really brought back the \\"child\\" in me, if you will.  It made me look into myself and see my struggles, my hardships, my brick walls.  To me, this is a classic scifi novel, a classic \\"coming of age\\" novel.  I highly recommend.    Brought to you by:  *C.S. Light*
030745455X|5.0|riveting, already on the last one.  Too bad we lost such a talent.  He really knows the threat of the right wingers in all countries
B00006JSS8|4.0|The Stevie Wonder-The Definitive Collection Cd was in great shape. I've enjoyed the old hits of this wonder musician. Thanks!!
B0032JTV74|5.0|First, all of these low reviews are based on the fact that people bought Season 1, Volume 1 DVD's of the show - and are now mad that they are releasing a full season on DVD.  Here are a couple of points that you should acknowledge before putting up a low rating:<br /><br />1.  They started selling Volume 1 before the entire season was complete.  If you think about that for a minute - how were they going to sell a \\"whole\\" season DVD if the shows had not even aired yet?  How can you be surprised that you would then be faced with a choice at the end of the season between buying the full season in one set or having to buy Volume 2?  Other shows have done the same thing, like Battlestar Galatica.  Sure, they do it to make money - to hit the market while the shows are hot - but the fault is really the consumer.  If we all stopped buying these 1/2 season DVD's, they would stop selling them.  You KNOW they are gonna release a full season DVD at the end of the season.  Heck, even if a show is cancelled, they still release it on DVD to make extra money.  Be patient.<br /><br />2.  Volume 2 is listed here on Amazon for pre-order and they are giving a discount to anyone who bought Volume 1, if they buy the whole season 1.  Don't make it sound like you are being forced to buy the whole season now.  You have the option of getting Volume 2, or getting the full season at a discount.<br /><br />As for the show, I love it.  The writing and dialoge is well crafted and the characters, though somewhat stylized, are believable.  I will admit, that the last couple shows seemed to lose a step and allowed the music to become more important that the storyline - so, hopefully now that the urgent competition is over, the story lines would be allowed to grow.  I did like that they have broadened the focus, allowing the supporting cast to do more solo work and shine more in the singing department.  The character of Sue is one of the best characters written on any show today.<br /><br />Now that the first season is out on Blu-ray, I would encourage those who have heard about the show - who may have caught an episode or two - to start at the beginning and enjoy the Glee experience.  We finally have a show that combines comedy, drama, musical features, and good writing.  Take the chance.ay, I would encourage those who have heard about the show - who may have caught an episode or two - to start at the beginning and enjoy the Glee experience.  We finally have a show that combines comedy, drama, musical features, and good writing.  Take the chance.
0307476154|5.0|I thought this was a fantastic follow-up to the first in the series. I'm excited to read the third.
030745455X|1.0|The character development in this sequel is actually worse than the original - which was weak, but still enjoyable. Not unlike something from Danielle Steele. The situations were contrived to fit the author's desired plot direction without taking into account how ridiculous some of the character's actions would appear to a reader. It was necessary to actually put the book down a few times to allow for the passing of embarrassment for the writer. I will not come close to the third installment of this series.<br />Very unsatisfying... It seems the buzz around this series of books has more to do with the untimely death of the author than the actual quality of his work.
0307474712|4.0|It's impossible for me to avoid a \\"When Harry Met Sally\\" comparison when reviewing \\"One Day\\".  This, too, is a story of two people meeting, connecting. Becoming friends, then not friends, then more than friends, then not...the ebbs and flows of Emma and Dexter knowing one another for decades.<br /><br />We get to know Emma and Dexter far better than we do Harry and Sally, though.  Mostly because this is a novel and that was a movie, but also, I think, because we learn more about them as they seek to establish who they are and what they will do with their lives.  We get more of their youth, of their individual selves, instead of just the moments they are together.<br /><br />The premise of \\"One Day\\" is to take a day, the same day, out of each year of Emma and Dexter's lives and use it as a snapshot of where they stand in their lives.  (July 15th - I kept wondering what the significance of that day was to the author.)<br /><br />I am an easy target for that type of thing, and it didn't hurt that the time frame of the book was one that was a close match to my life.  As said before, I think the strongest part of the book was the beginning, where the author establishes Dexter and Emma on the day they graduate from college and start to realize that the rest of their lives is ahead of them.  Some of the descriptions of that time of life, that college feeling, were particularly well done.<br /><br />\\"In his last four years, he had seen any number of bedrooms like this, dotted round the city like crime scenes, rooms where you were never more than six feet from a Nina Simone album, and though he'd rarely seen the same bedroom twice, it was all too familiar.  The burnt out nightlights and desolate pot plants, the smell of washing powder on cheap, ill-fitting sheets.  She had that arty girl's passion for photomontage too: flash-lit snaps of college friends and family jumbled in amongst the Chagalls and Vermeers and Kandinskys, the Che Guevaras and Woody Allens and Samuel Becketts.  Nothing here was neutral, everything displayed an allegiance or a point of view.  The room was a manifesto...\\"<br /><br />The ups and downs of each of their lives provide interesting contrast and as a reader, I went back and forth on whether I wanted these two people to get together or not.  I gnashed my teeth when I felt they were making terrible choices, or when they were making choices that would have made all the difference if only they knew what the other was thinking.<br /><br />One day, one moment, can make all the difference in a person's life...or in this case, two people's lives.  This story of Emma and Dexter is an enjoyable and touching one...and in the end, the reader comes away feeling s/he experienced far more than just numerous July 15ths with them.verything displayed an allegiance or a point of view.  The room was a manifesto...\\"    The ups and downs of each of their lives provide interesting contrast and as a reader, I went back and forth on whether I wanted these two people to get together or not.  I gnashed my teeth when I felt they were making terrible choices, or when they were making choices that would have made all the difference if only they knew what the other was thinking.    One day, one moment, can make all the difference in a person's life...or in this case, two people's lives.  This story of Emma and Dexter is an enjoyable and touching one...and in the end, the reader comes away feeling s/he experienced far more than just numerous July 15ths with them.
1401902197|5.0|I listen to the CD 2-3 times per week on my way to work and I love it!  It really opens your eyes to a new perspective on life and the way you think.
B001R60ESE|5.0|Since everyone else has already said pretty much all there is to say about this concert (a must have), I just wanted to say that not only is Chris one of the best jazz musicians of all time, but he is a phenomenal human being as well.  I've seen him in concert twice (once in Vegas and once in Albuquerque, NM), and both times, he came out after his concert and signed autographs and spoke to people on a level that is unheard of in today's society.  He didn't just sign the autograph and hand it back to you and say \\"next\\".  He took the time to speak to me, ask me a couple of questions, and we talked a little about his relationship with Sting (of which I am a huge fan).  He posed for a couple of pictures with me and is just a genuinely nice guy.  He does this after every concert, and I can't say enough about what that means, considering the big egos that are out there in the market today.  This guy has it all.  Thanks Chris!
B001HN694K|5.0|Any movie with Johnny Depp is worth seeing.  There are also other great performances in this movie.  Kinda offbeat and dark but still keeps you interested.
B002ZFQD0E|5.0|One of the most original & talented artists out there. Trust me, Gaga ain't got nothing on this. Quite frankly, THIS is what music is supposed to be. If you haven't bought the album yet, I strongly encourage you to order a copy now. As in the next five minutes!<br /><br />Hope you enjoy it as much as I have and will continue to!
B002AKPECW|3.0|Alastair Reynolds has written the best galaxy-spanning, big-idea space opera since Vernor Vinge's [[ASIN:B000FBJAGO A Fire Upon The Deep]].  It has a fascinating universe with characters operating from truly deep-time, cross-galaxy perspectives.  Among them are:<br /><br />Campion and Purslane, two non-identical clones from an original set of a thousand \\"shatterlings.\\"  They and their siblings were created to repeatedly make exploratory circuits of the galaxy and meet every 200,000 years or so to share memories and plan their next circuits.  Risking official censure, Campion and Purslane consort during their circuits rather than exploring independently.<br /><br />Hesperus, a robot of the Machine People who has lost much of his memory, but strives to discover and complete his mission.  His actions demonstrate repeated loyalty to Campion and Purslane.<br /><br />The Spirit of the Air who was once a man, became a machine intelligence, and finally evolved into a distributed machine intelligence.  It controls the climate of the planet Neume and is regarded by the population as a capricious and inscrutable god.  Asking the Spirit for favors is dangerous to everyone.<br /><br />The Vigilance, a civilization of immortal archivists, collects information about the entire galaxy, continually sifting and prioritizing it.  Some of this information is shared with other civilizations--with unforeseen consequences.<br /><br />The novel is also rich with highly-imaginative Big Ideas.  Stardams are containment devices of only partially understood technology that can contain entire solar systems.  Aspic of Machines is a high-tech paste that can perform any number of miraculous tasks--just smear it on the problem surface.  \\"Whisking\\" from place to place using dynamic transporters seems the least of the marvels available in the far-distant future.<br /><br />The book has two characterization flaws worth mentioning.  First, many of the long-lived characters--particularly Campion and Purslane's fellow shatterlings--lack the experience and insight one would expect from human beings who have lived for tens of thousands of years.  The author might learn a lesson or two from the age-weary wisdom of Poul Anderson's characters in [[ASIN:0765310244 The Boat of A Million Years]].  Second, many of the shatterlings are difficult to tell apart given what little we learn about them.  This is particularly frustrating when readers are trying to figure out which one is a traitor to the Gentian Line.  The author could have extracted key episodes from each shatterling's history and presented a Tom Clancy-like one-page profile that left readers with a feel for the shatterling's personality and motives.<br /><br />There are also two story weaknesses.  I won't summarize the plot, as it is best experienced without advance cueing.  I will say that it drags in places.  I am tempted to conclude that the author does this deliberately to help us short-lifers understand the book's timescale, but it happens too often in dialogue for this to be entirely true.  While there are interesting and surprising resolutions to many of the questions raised in the story, there are some left unresolved.  For me this felt more like unpolished storytelling than cliff-hanging for a possible sequel.  Your mileage may vary.<br /><br />Despite having grumbled over its flaws, I recommend the book to my fellow SF fans as enjoyable and thought-provoking.  After reading it I continue to regard Alastair Reynolds as one of my favorite SF authors.  Pick up this book and enjoy the long journey he has mapped out for us.and insight one would expect from human beings who have lived for tens of thousands of years.  The author might learn a lesson or two from the age-weary wisdom of Poul Anderson's characters in [[ASIN:0765310244 The Boat of A Million Years]].  Second, many of the shatterlings are difficult to tell apart given what little we learn about them.  This is particularly frustrating when readers are trying to figure out which one is a traitor to the Gentian Line.  The author could have extracted key episodes from each shatterling's history and presented a Tom Clancy-like one-page profile that left readers with a feel for the shatterling's personality and motives.    There are also two story weaknesses.  I won't summarize the plot, as it is best experienced without advance cueing.  I will say that it drags in places.  I am tempted to conclude that the author does this deliberately to help us short-lifers understand the book's timescale, but it happens too often in dialogue for this to be entirely true.  While there are interesting and surprising resolutions to many of the questions raised in the story, there are some left unresolved.  For me this felt more like unpolished storytelling than cliff-hanging for a possible sequel.  Your mileage may vary.    Despite having grumbled over its flaws, I recommend the book to my fellow SF fans as enjoyable and thought-provoking.  After reading it I continue to regard Alastair Reynolds as one of my favorite SF authors.  Pick up this book and enjoy the long journey he has mapped out for us.
B002VKE1K2|3.0|It wasn't that scary... It could have had more. can't wait for the second though.
1575666286|5.0|have not had cancer yet, and hope not too, esp with using these dietary medicines as preventative steps. do not know  anyone that has used this for 'cancer' therapy, so cannot attest to the proof, but surely makes sense and seems to work for those whom have tried it and shared their stories. worth a try.
0439813786|5.0|Completely absorbing, beautifully written with stunning illustrations.     For adults and children alike. This book is magic.    Thank you Brian Selznick.
055358202X|3.0|Some day I would like to see the editor who decided it was too expensive to produce this book correctly get up and explain their position to fans at a science fiction and fantasy convention complete with Excel charts and annotated business Powerpoints.  I would like to see them talk their way out of the riot that would ensue.  I would like to hear them explain why five years later with the series in tatters, and word of mouth and memory soured, and Martin obviously unsure how to continue based on how they damaged his structure - how exactly was it worth it again?  Because of ancillary rights like posters and calendars and TV shows?  Because I'm pretty sure when the series does appear again, the sales will be halved, and these same editors who probably work somewhere else now, will be pointing to this fact and saying, See? That's why they didn't want to produce it correctly.  Good going!
B00005JKNF|3.0|DVD was delivered quickly and no trouble with shipping package but DVD stops and then skips about 10 seconds in a couple of different places.
B003JLA4KS|5.0|I am blown away! I loved it!  Now keep in mind, you are getting an abreviated history because the disc is not 40 years long, so no whining because some of your favorite Rush trivia isn't included.  That being said, I've been a fan for almost 30 years & there was tons of stuff I learned, plus just finally getting to see the guys hanging out and messing with each other was great. I loved the film of the EARLY concerts & who would've imagined there'd be video of Alex telling his parents he wanted to quit school to be a rock star?    I loved it, it was everything I wanted & more!  Now I've got to wait until September for the Atlanta concert to take my 11yr old daughter to her 2nd Rush concert...
B000002H6Q|5.0|Dr. Feelgood (1989) is my sixth favorite Motley Crue album behind Shout At The Devil (1983), Theatre Of Pain (1985), Too Fast For Love (1981/1982), Saints Of Los Angeles (2008), and Girls Girls Girls (1987).  While I prefer the raw, high energy, high intensity, hard edge, street fighting/violence/rebellion feel of Shout At The Devil, this Dr. Feelgood album is still vintage Motley Crue.  The songs on this album show the lighter and fun side of the band more than any other album does.  This album was released in September 1989 and helped close out a decade of hair metal before grunge bands took over in the early '90s.  Grunge came and went, but albums like Dr. Feelgood, Shout At The Devil, Theatre Of Pain, Girls, Girls, Girls, and Too Fast For Love still get played while grunge has gone into obscurity.<br /><br />The best song on this album for me is Kickstart My Heart, followed by the title track.  This album oozes the lighter side - the parties, the girls, etc. even more than Girls Girls Girls does.  Songs like Slice Of Your Pie, Sticky Sweet, She Goes Down, Same Ol' Situation, and Rattlesnake Shake are examples of this.  There are a couple of ballads thrown in - Without You and Time For Change.  Without You is almost as popular as Home Sweet Home.<br /><br />Every song except one was released as a single in 1989-1990.  This is a strong album produced by Bob Rock.  Not my favorite, but a very good album.  It's definitely a 5-star album.  I highly recommended it.
0439023491|5.0|As with The Hunger Games, I did think that Catching Fire started off pretty slow.  The difference between the two books was that in book one, I felt like I knew what was going to happen, yet still needed the story spelled out to me so that I had a solid background.  In book 2, I really didn't feel as though I knew what was going to happen, which was nice.  Because of the way their society was set up, you begin to realize in book 2 that there must be a lot more going on in the \\"Capitol\\" (government) than we at first believed, and that gives the entire book a real sinister feel.  The evil that the Capitol doled out on its citizens was cruel and unnecessary, and had me considering what I would do.  This is the question that Katniss had to ask herself, as she was turned into a major catalyst for a rebellion that she didn't even realize she had started.<br /><br />As I said, I enjoyed book 2 a bit more.  I didn't ever really feel like I knew what was going to happen next in this installment, which kept me flipping pages by the last 150 pages.  There is a fair amount of terror involved again in the story, along with characters fighting for survival.  Collins has created a well-written complex story, with well-developed characters, that I liked a lot more, and felt more invested in by this point.  After reading this second book, I can also say that if you haven't yet read these books (or feel hesitant to because everyone else already has), to give them a try.  Things really pick up in the story and get more complex and engaging as you read farther into these books.  Overall, this dystopian story, although familiar in some ways, is really engaging and has you caring about its characters in no time at all.
0307592839|2.0|I'll keep this brief. I was really looking forward to reading Jennifer Egan's A Visit from the Goon Squad. I'd heard good things about this writer.<br /><br />So I finally got my book. And I read it.<br /><br />And I hated it.<br /><br />It is not just pretentious, its scattered. I couldn't keep track of any of the characters (Sasha, Bennie, Alex, Lulu, Rob, Drew, a few other people I forget, and then more people who I wasn't sure if I was supposed to remember). Everyone has a problem and is wallowing in that problem.<br /><br />Towards the end, there is a chapter that is presented like a PowerPoint presentation and it was irksome.<br /><br />Frustrating. That's the word for this book. I felt frustrated reading it.<br /><br />So in brief: I didn't like it and I can't recommend it.
B000UNYJXQ|4.0|Michael Moore, America's living embodiment of Thomas Paine, gives us a measured, and uncommonly evenhanded look at America's health-care industry as compared to those in Canada, England, and France. Although pocked by spurts of pomposity, Sicko uses the \\"cruel to be kind\\" method of educating its viewers about the issue of universal health care in the United States. \\"Look at the other civilized countries,\\" Moore says; \\"their systems work. When other countries make better cars, we drive them. When other countries make better wine, we drink it. So how come, when other countries have better health-care systems, we don't adopt those systems?\\"<br /><br />Moore's plea to the American consumer is an emotional roller coaster, and that's understating things. Excluding people who have no health insurance at all, he describes the difficulties of several individuals across the country, all covered by health insurance, in receiving adequate medical attention. Heart-rending stories are told about people denied tests and procedures that would have ultimately saved their lives, as the HMOs deemed the efforts as \\"experimental\\" or the patients' status as \\"not life threatening.\\" Moore includes sworn testimony (before Congress) and interviews of former or current medical reviewers, i.e., people who decide whether a claim will be rejected or accepted. It's pretty damning stuff.<br /><br />But of course, it's the health-care system of other countries that are sometimes held up as the ideal to which America should aspire. But that's socialist propaganda, you say. Government-supported health care? Bah. Socialized medicine is just another way for the commies to get to us and destroy our way of life. But it turns out that's not quite the case; Canadians, for instance, pay nothing for health care and still enjoy comparatively low taxes while living longer than Americans. Oh, and they have a lower infant-mortality rate too; but then again, so does nearly every other civilized nation. Things are bad enough in the US that Moore's Canadian relatives get temporary health care before visiting him in the US, just in case something goes wrong. And some American citizens steal across the border to get themselves some of that free medical attention when they can't get it here.<br /><br />Moore also examines, in a touching, gut-wrenching look, the plight of many September 11 first responders. As most people know, the air around Ground Zero in New York was dangerously bad for quite some time after the attacks. Many firefighters, EMTs, and policemen risked their lives to pull others from the wreckage. But there were also many volunteers who happened to be in the area who ran back to the flames and into the smoke to help others. These people, says the government, aren't eligible for much care related to their injuries. After having been constantly lauded as heroes for months after the attacks, many of the first responders were ignored, left to fend for themselves as their health slipped further and further. One man - a man who risked death to help strangers - has two bad lungs and must cart around a breathing apparatus to survive; he can't even sleep on his back or stomach, because he just can't breathe.<br /><br />The only true instance of bombast on the part of Moore is when he takes a few of these 9/11 workers to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to receive the same level of medical treatment as the \\"enemy combatants\\" in the prison. He's denied, of course, so he traverses Havana for help and easily finds it. An inhaler that costs one of the 9/11 workers over a hundred dollar - when several are needed monthly - costs under one dollar in Cuba. Same inhaler, same medicine for a fraction of the cost.<br /><br />I realize that even though this is a documentary, Moore does have an agenda to push, as he does with all of his films. But what is his motivation? Is it merely to poke fun at big, bloated insurance companies and the government? Or is it to raise awareness of a national crisis? Moore's point isn't that health care should definitively be offered to everyone for free, it's just that there are a huge number of people in America who are actually covered but can't get proper medical treatment. It's a national disgrace, Moore implies, and he's precisely right. Understandably, we often have to throw money at war machines to gain a political edge, but in doing so we tend to completely neglect the sheer humane practice of making sure everyone has the opportunity to get well.should definitively be offered to everyone for free, it's just that there are a huge number of people in America who are actually covered but can't get proper medical treatment. It's a national disgrace, Moore implies, and he's precisely right. Understandably, we often have to throw money at war machines to gain a political edge, but in doing so we tend to completely neglect the sheer humane practice of making sure everyone has the opportunity to get well.
B0017K8X5Q|4.0|When Scythe Kaze Jyu SLIM SY1012SL and brackets installed on HDD fit very snug in 3.5\\" drive bay not allowing effective cooling. Applies to Dell Dimension 4550 and similar Dell PC towers. Scythe has a package disclaimer to this effect.  Platinum Micro, Inc. shipped well padded package west to east coast in 5 days.
0143038419|5.0|I haven't finished the book yet, but am about two-thirds through it.  The way this book is written, it is an easy read.  While there are messages that you can take from this, it's not as textbook-ish as some self-improvement books can be.  I sent this to two of my girlfriends to read while I'm reading it and we plan to go see the movie later this Summer together.    I definitely recommend this book!
0470449764|5.0|I ordered this for some extra help on the quantitative review. The free GMAT test prep software is good to see where you are and get some practice with the timing, but the software's math review is not that great. This guide gives you plenty of practice problems, and answer explanations so you can see where you made your mistakes. It helped me improve my Quantitative score significantly.
B000YJ85VS|4.0|I picked up this book thinking it would be as entertaining as freakonomics.  It wasn't but it had it's own merits.  I finished the book with a lot of useless knowledge and a new found fascination with behavioral studies.  It was worth the read.
B0039UTDA6|5.0|Wow! i'm glad I have my own! mind....because if I would ave listened to all the naysayers and oprah haters, I would have not ordered the DVD (oprah) version...but I am sooooo glad I did....we love! it....it's breathtaking and beautiful...and my grandchildren love to watch it over and over...and Oprahs voice is so calming...she did a wonderful job and it does not have to be..one! of anything...we can all remake whatever we like...(including our lives)....so stop all that negative talk...because it's a beautiful remake...oprahs voice is another reason I brought it outside it's beauty.....so have a great day all and let's understand...we can enjoy...both.                                                           Quamay R.                                                  of Brooklyn, N.Y.
B0030Y11XS|3.0|Economics. Who in their right mind would try and make a feature length film about that subject? Michael Moore's previous work that included subjects about guns, General Motors, and George W. Bush, to the audience these were clear points for us to identify with, or in most cases, against.    In his new film, Capitalism: A Love Story, Moore attempts demystify what economics and capitalism really mean to the vast majority of Americans. This is no easy feat. I must admit the first quarter of the film had me doubting if he would secede. I am not going to sit by and say that people who took out adjustable rate mortgages and then were foreclosed are not at all to blame. They bear a good share of personal responsibility. But so do the lenders who were drooling to make a profit via the art of deception.    Soon afterwards we are presented with an example of capitalism gone awry. A judge in a US town was locking up juvenile offenders, for \\"crimes\\" such as throwing meat or criticizing a vice-principal online. The prison was a privately run corporation that was sending financial kickbacks to the very judge who was locking these kids up on absurd charges. Granted this was just one example, but a shocking one that could make you question just what are American values. This is where the film really started to get interesting. Are capitalism and Christianity compatible? What becomes of capitalism when you strip out regulation? Who actually controls the government of The United States of America, the top 1% or the bottom 95%? When the markets crashed last fall and the banks cried uncle, where was the oversight by our elected officials regarding the bailout funds?     These are questions, and some answers, that make Moore's documentary effective and engaging. While he is reflecting upon the past he is also asking us, what are we going to do about it in the future?
B001UV4XFG|5.0|I was not let down at all with film! David Slade did a terrific job keeping to the book, the cgi scenes where amazing, and i loved the feel of the film in general.  The other two films seemed cheesy to me but this seemed more like a blockbuster film.  The actors have definitely stepped up there game in this one also. I cant wait to go see it again!
B0038QGXHW|5.0|These dynamic artists cannot be matched.  Not a note is misplaced.  The fullness of the music makes it seem that more than two people are playing.  Fantastic.
055357342X|5.0|Book 3 of the series \\"a song of ice and fire\\", and things are still kickin. the author has taken a very unique approach to writing this series and he still keeps you on your toes. I grow fond of one characters schemes and start to root for them,and then they get snuffed out!it really is hard to read this series and not get pulled into his world. and id like to point out that this is a realistic fantasy book, in so far as that characters do die in battles and dont pull through mortal wounds or poison. i hate books where someone gets a blank through their heart/brain and a few chapters later you find out some super awesome healer person just happened to be there and took it upon themselves to fix said character right up. not in this series, a few chapters later you might find out someone is pissing on their grave, but they stay in the ground. ive let a few people borrow the first book and they all have liked it, i highly recommend this series.
B0030IIZ4M|5.0|Disney brought us some of the greatest classic tales through the wonder of animation. In 1995 a group of young upstarts brought the world a ground breaking phenomenon. It was the very first animated film entirely done by the wizardry of computers. Still, there was something else that came with this movie, an incredible original and heartfelt story that touches billions of people. To this day this one simple movie has created a legacy that will live to infinity and beyond.<br /><br />'Toy Story', was a story unlike any other before its time. It was a creation that dived deep into our souls and brought out the inner child in all of us. Who ever thought that when the doors to our rooms are shut that our toys that we love come to life? Not only do they come to life but they have one mission and that is to keep whoever plays with them as happy as they possibly can. This tale also breaks the barrier of emotions and on the meaning of what it is to be a toy. What happens if one day a new toy comes along that is so much better than you? You might be replaced, thrown in a toy box and never see the light of day. And what happens when you get lost?! Well Toy Story shines the light on these tiny little things that you never would even think about when you put your toys away! These simple little things are what make 'Toy Story' the phenomenon that it is, but it also shows human beings themselves in a different way. Even the character that is set in this story to be a villain would never have realized that his acts were of a villainous nature, rather than just being a kid with certain interests. The voice acting is another thing that makes 'Toy Story' so great.  Each actor breathes amazing life into their role. Each character is unique and the humor that is used in this film is so original and so fresh, but the best part is it is toy humor.<br /><br />This movie is probably one of the greatest movies ever, while compared to the Pixar films that followed a great deal has improved in the animation so this one would look just a bit crude. Unless you are a true film geek that likes to rag on the tiny details this is a film that you will never grow out of and to this day having seen this movie before I even got to high school it is still a movie that I treasure. It is in fact one of my favorite toys.so this one would look just a bit crude. Unless you are a true film geek that likes to rag on the tiny details this is a film that you will never grow out of and to this day having seen this movie before I even got to high school it is still a movie that I treasure. It is in fact one of my favorite toys.
B002LFPAUC|5.0|My wife and I remember watching these episodes when they first aired back when they were new on the PBS station in S. Florida. Our kids,now with kids of their own, laughed right along with us.  These are to be treasured for sure and we highly recommend them to anyone needing a break from the day to day grind. It gives us a sense of release from stress just being able to laugh all over again at Basil's antics with Manuel. We still use some of the catch phrases around here and just now remember where they came from, like,  \\"I'll give you a damn good thrashing\\", when something goes wrong around the house. Lately I've been hearing \\" oooh, I know\\" a lot more from the wife. We are truly enjoying these all over again, thanks for preserving them on these fine quality CD's. We are looking for another set of 'old goodies' to purchase next.
080701429X|5.0|I had bought this book several years ago after it was referenced in several other books I was reading. The last couple of copies were given away to people that seemed to need to read what this book illustrates. I went looking for it on my bookshelves a few months back, and remembered that I had given the last one away, so I had to order another one. After looking for it in commercial chain bookstores, and having them tell me that they'd have to order it, I figured that I'd save them the time and trouble, and just order it myself.
B001992NUQ|5.0|I'll admit that I'm not the biggest fan of this movie. I think that it is really good but I don't think that it is as incredible as other people say. Most people know what this movie is so I'm not going to tell the plot of Fight Club. However, I like the movie enough that I bought it on blu-ray.    I think that the story is interesting and demands more than one viewing. It's really interesting how you view Fight Club the first time and then how you view it on repeat. It almost feels like you're watching a different movie. The acting is great and believable. I will say that this movie isn't for the faint of heart. There isn't alot of fighting for a movie called Fight Club, but that's because this movie isn't about fighting. When there is fighting it's very brutal. There is plenty of other violence in this film that is very graphic.    Moving on to the blu-ray. The packaging is pretty cool looking but it's an eco-case. If you don't know what an eco-case is it's the new re-cycled cases they've been using on blu-rays. The paper is very thin and feels like you could break it if you dropped it. Other than that it's great. The movie looks very good for a movie that was released in 1999. There is a thin layer of grain throughout the movie but it's hardly noticeable and sort of suits the movie. Everything is pretty well crisp looking and is a definite step up from the dvd edition. Where this blu-ray really succeeds though is with the sound quality. The bass in your speakers will vibrate the walls each time someone is punched. The sound quality also suits the atmosphere and tone of the film and voices sound very clear. Also, the \\"plane scene\\" sounds incredible.    I rate this movie an 8/10 but I rate this blu-ray a 5/5. This blu-ray is a must own if you like the movie.
3836503050|4.0|Cheap book with almost every work he has ever done, almost perfect, only flaw is on some of the really old stuff from the 30's and 40's they only had old calendars to   xerox from so you dont get the detail of the brush strokes and the same clarity as the others, not low quality, still clear and can see everything nicely, but just not as perfect as the others that were actual photos of the original work or high quality copies.
B002ZG977Y|2.0|'Clash of The Titans' was one of those movies that came out in the zany 80s. Like most of those movies they were fun to watch, but if you wanted them to be these great epics you had to turn to very crude special effects. With where we are right now in film making we can do almost anything from Dinosaurs, to transforming robots. So, naturally why not take some of these old honky-tonk 80s epics and turn them into something amazing?!<br /><br />Clash of the Titans was a good choice to give one of these modern day makeovers to. The epic battles with mythical Greek monsters in this day and age would look incredible...and they did. Still, the guys who gave this movie a makeover sort of forgot to finish the job. The movie was lacking extremely of acting talent, character development and story. Now I went to see this movie in the theaters because the action sequences looked great and yes they were. During the softer points in the movie I was flat out bored. The acting was bland, and even though Liam Neason and Ralph Finnes brought all they could to the table and they did a decent job, it still just didn't seem to work. Also the movie while it paced quite well, it just went a little too fast. I thought that the battles with the giant scorpions and Medusa just went way too quickly I completely didn't know there was a fight going on. Don't even get me started on the Kraken battle...I don't even know if there was a battle with the Kraken because I think the movie ended right when it finally showed up on the screen.<br /><br />A great deal of film appreciators feel that re-making films is a bad idea, I say yes and no, because let's face it do you really think that a kid born after 1990 is going to ask his/her mom or dad to rent the 1981 'Clash of the Titans'? Odds are no, so why not bring some of these movies to the modern day, clean them up add some great effects and there you have it. Still, when you decide that this is a movie you want to re-do make you actually make it better than the original! Not the same and definitely not worse. 'Clash of Titans' is nothing but an epic of failure. Still, I am glad that I did see it and I am glad that the things I expected in the film to be good were and that's why I gave it 2 stars.<br /><br />Oh on a personal note, supposedly there is a re-make of 'The NeverEnding Story' in the works....GET GUERLLMO DelTORO ON THE PHONE....PLEASE!!!inal! Not the same and definitely not worse. 'Clash of Titans' is nothing but an epic of failure. Still, I am glad that I did see it and I am glad that the things I expected in the film to be good were and that's why I gave it 2 stars.      Oh on a personal note, supposedly there is a re-make of 'The NeverEnding Story' in the works....GET GUERLLMO DelTORO ON THE PHONE....PLEASE!!!
B003L16FAE|5.0|OK I dont get it..I agree the OLD transfer was grainy and didnt look great, the master looked abused and not well taken care of. HOWEVER I think this new transfer is an approvement. So why all the complaints??? You guys (and sometimes I am one of them) complain about HOW grainy the films are and this studio should clean them up etc etc etc etc. So the studio does and you guys STILL complain?? I dont get it. I watched the new transfer and think its awesome. If you were unhappy with the old BR , please buy this.
B00007KWHG|5.0|This CD really does capture the best songs of Frankie Valli and his Four Seasons, spanning the very successful and double decade career of this wonderful singer. Almost all his big hits are here like Sherry, Can't Take my Eyes off you, and Grease. Sound quality for some songs are very well done and remastered perfectly like December 1963 or Grease, but other songs are kind of slightly harsh sounding, only slightly, like Can't Take my Eyes off you or Sherry, mainly his older songs have this harsher sound. Like its nothing too bad, not like the scratchy sound of old records on an old record player, just kind of faded sounding. But really, if you are a fan of Valli and just love his music and can deal with a few minor sound issues that most people who aren't musically picky enough to notice this minor mastering problem will love this and if you are a casual fan of this music or Frankie, this is probably the only CD you will need of him.
B0019N8P2W|4.0|This is the best we're going to get for a while, Daria fans, and this collection is definitely worth it. Yes, it is missing the music and sometimes the replacement elevator music is very noticeable. However, it doesn't detract too much from the whole experience and sometimes it's fun to guess which song they originally used. We aren't going to get a collection with the 90s music because of the cost, but they do an admirable job with their tuneless but thematically appropriate musaq.    Every episode is included on this DVD set, though the seasons are broken up somewhat oddly. The episode numbers are printed on each disc, but no episode guide is included in the case. Also, the two movies (\\"Is It Fall Yet?\\" and \\"Is It College Yet?\\") are on the last disc, under Extras, then Movies. \\"Is It Fall Yet?\\" should be played between seasons four and five, because the dynamic between Daria, Jane and Tom changes in this 1.25 hrs long movie. It is jarring to go from four to five without it, so I suggest popping in the last disc after the episode \\"Dye! Dye! My Darling!\\" and then again after season five. \\"Is It College Yet?\\" serves as the series finale.    The extras are plentiful, but not jaw-dropping. The Daria pilot is a short, story-board affair with no frills, but it's interesting and sets the tone for the series well. The Mystik Spiral music video \\"Freakin' Friends\\" could probably have been done by any Daria fan on YouTube, but not bad. The \\"Daria Day\\" introductions to the Top 10 Animated Music Videos would have been a lot better if they included the videos themselves. The introductions are really funny, but you can't even tell which videos they're introducing sometimes (like number one!). The Mystik Spiral spin-off pilot script was interesting for someone like me, but I'm not sure how many people will take the time to read it. You have to use your computer to access it. The interviews are a bit short on interesting stories. You can look at certain characters' original designsin the Character Profiles section, which is really interesting. Britney went through many versions, as did Trent and Mr. DeMartino, I believe.    If you're a hardcore Daria fan, you're probably going to buy this after a decade of waiting, no matter what reviewers say. If you vaguely remember liking it or have never seen it, I strongly urge you to buy this set. The jokes stand up, the characters are still memorable and hilarious, the heart of the show is still beating strong. It may not seem as edgy a decade out, but it celebrates not just teenage cynicism of the nineties, but also champions honesty, intelligence, wit, independence, originality and friendship. Dumb characters such as Britney & Kevin and Quinn & her Fashion Club give Daria, Jane and Tom targets for their sharp wits, but are also carry subplots superbly and deliver one-liners brilliantly. This series may be an icon of the late nineties, but it's still relevant and still hilarious!
B003K025TQ|5.0|Wow, do I feel stupid.  Amazon promoted this as \\"6 String Theory by Lee Ritenour\\" so for some reason I thought I would be listening Lee Ritenour's latest PLAYING artistry.  He may very well do a good job producing and arranging, but it's just not what I expected.  Beware!
B00364K6YW|5.0|The visit of Mr. Collins after Lidia's elopement, was out of the flow of the story.  The 1980 version has a letter coming from him (as Jane A. wrote it) which is   a better rendition.  The 1995 version could have been eight hours long, and be more enjoyable.  I have two DVD sets and one VHS set.    I also have the other versions.    My preferences in order are:  1995 version the best  1980 version very good  1940 version (we have Laurence Oliviea)  2005 version (the director thinks too much of                himself and not enough of Jane A.)
0143038419|5.0|I'm not a writer, but this is one of my all time favorite books.  I already want to read it again and I haven't finished it thru the first time... It comes at a great point in my life.  My life is upside down and I can't find a job so its my little bit of inspiration each day...      I recommend not reading the first part when you are hungry... the only thing I wanted to eat was Italian food in Rome... well actually I still would love to eat Italian food in Rome...
B0039UTDA6|4.0|I have only watched one episode of this series, the one about Primates, and I haven't seen the David Attenborough version.  That being said, although I am sure the Attenborough narration is excellent and in many ways superior to Oprah Winfrey's version, think about the audience. Many reviewers have stated that the Winfrey version is suitable only for children. I don't think that is such a bad thing. If you are an adult, and are interested in the \\"unabridged\\" version, then certainly buy the Attenborough version. If, however, your audience is younger, less educated, an English Language Learner or just someone new to the idea of documentaries, the Winfrey version is perfectly suitable. I don't feel she came off as \\"snarky\\" at all. She was measured, calm, and made the content easy to follow and understand. Her rhythmic,almost melodic pace matches the beautiful scoring. Contrary to comments made by others, English accents, even one as beautiful and concise as David Attenborough's, are sometimes hard to understand for those who are uninitiated. There are students in middle and high school who simply don't have the exposure to British English to listen to it effectively, and some or much of the content would be lost. Yet middle and high school students would definitely benefit from viewing these videos.
0439023491|5.0|Legendary King Minos of Crete sent his son to compete in festival at Athens. The son dominated the games but was killed shortly after, and Minos blamed King Aegeus of Attica (father of Theseus). Minos's forces attacked Attica, and after protracted war Aegeus agreed to pay tribute to end the fighting. Minos's tribute was harsh: Periodically, 14 young people of Athens were chosen by lot and sent to Minos's palace at Knossos, where they would enter the Minotaur's labyrinth to die--slain, or starved to death.<br /><br />Citizens of Athens were increasingly outraged that the bastard son of Aegeus was the only youth excluded from the lottery.  Theseus responded by volunteering to go, and he slew the Minotaur and retraced an unwound thread to escape the bewildering labyrinth.<br /><br />This story was a piece of Suzanne Collins's inspiration for \\"The Hunger Games.\\" You have no business reading \\"Catching Fire\\" if you have not read the first book. The first book explains how post-apocalyptic America has become an empire called Panem (as in \\"panem et circenses,\\" bread and circuses). The Capitol is as wealthy and self-indulgent as ancient Rome, and its 12 districts feed the Capitol's appetite for resources the way conquered peoples became subservient Roman provinces. Panem recovered from what we oldies call \\"World War III\\" by retrenching into a fortified central city. The Capitol protected the outlying areas in exchange for their commercial production, which increasingly specialized to serve the Capitol's needs.<br /><br />At some point, the relationship became inequitable, and what was presented as protection transformed into serfdom. The districts rebelled, which was futile. From there, the social structure of Panem became centered on keeping the workers feeling powerless. Thus the Hunger Games, presented as literally must-see reality TV.<br /><br />If you haven't read \\"The Hunger Games,\\" don't read on here.<br /><br />The first delightfully original angle is that Ms. Collins' protagonist is a teen-age girl named Katniss Everdeen, and the entire two books to date are told from her first-person present point of view. Katniss is portrayed as a skilled survivor since early childhood, someone who was forced to learn self-dependence to live. Consequently, Katniss lives with a short-range focus, which is an essential element to this narrative. Much goes on in the conflicts of Panem, and most of it goes over Katniss's head. The story slowly pulls her out of her isolation as she becomes conscious of the appalling injustice of Panem's social and political structure.<br /><br />Katniss is a rare figure in fiction, a young female protagonist who is mortal and vulnerable, but heroic and compelling without being supernaturally endowed, or physically or mentally unrealistic. The only magic in this story comes from the Capitol, which has advanced far beyond our time in high technology.<br /><br />Katniss doesn't gush about a boy, or call from her parapet for a savior, or write unicorn dreams in her diary, or wonder what she's going to wear to the ball.  But she still has a chance to revel in high fashion, get caught in a love triangle, need to be rescued repeatedly, and bond with the world's greatest stylist. I'm pretty sure no male author would have the imagination to bring so many feminine dimensions into the SF/action genre.<br /><br />The ways physical presentation and clothing design drive Capitol society, the importance of food throughout Panem--these are highly original elements of this tale, aspects which make the storyline unique and compelling.<br /><br />The narrative form poses one difficulty--if Katniss is telling the story, it's hard for the author to put Katniss's fate in jeopardy with any credibility. Instead, the reader comes to know a great number of well-made characters, and one by one, those players come under fire. As Katniss wins small victories, the Capitol's overwhelming technological advantage looms ever larger. Katniss's Hunger Games victory made her a symbol of defiance, and her victory tour appearances with Peeta inspire small episodes of civil disobedience--met with crushing retaliation from Capitol thugs. She cannot help but feel guilty, and feel pressure to defuse the uprising before people closer to her suffer.<br /><br />Whether she's in the Games, in the woods outside District 12, or even in her bed, Katniss must be ever wary of Capitol snooping. Even though President Snow is presented as the central antagonist, in many ways the Capitol is a faceless enemy. It becomes increasingly obvious that many Capitol citizens are appalled by the regime's capricious brutality, but even they cannot object with impunity. Even the sheltered are prisoners.<br /><br />Where \\"The Hunger Games\\" was about Katniss's personal triumph, \\"Catching Fire\\" portrays the broad relevance of her act throughout Panem. The reader gets much more about all the other districts--including the long-forgotten District 13--and many more characters play key roles. The story takes several stunning turns, and the climax is a powerful handoff to the final installment (due in August).<br /><br />If you were stuck on Peeta vs. Gale after the first book, \\"Catching Fire\\" is depolarizing. It becomes difficult to root against either, which is what I call an exquisitely painful dilemma.ger Games victory made her a symbol of defiance, and her victory tour appearances with Peeta inspire small episodes of civil disobedience--met with crushing retaliation from Capitol thugs. She cannot help but feel guilty, and feel pressure to defuse the uprising before people closer to her suffer.<br /><br />Whether she's in the Games, in the woods outside District 12, or even in her bed, Katniss must be ever wary of Capitol snooping. Even though President Snow is presented as the central antagonist, in many ways the Capitol is a faceless enemy. It becomes increasingly obvious that many Capitol citizens are appalled by the regime's capricious brutality, but even they cannot object with impunity. Even the sheltered are prisoners.<br /><br />Where \\"The Hunger Games\\" was about Katniss's personal triumph, \\"Catching Fire\\" portrays the broad relevance of her act throughout Panem. The reader gets much more about all the other districts--including the long-forgotten District 13--and many more characters play key roles. The story takes several stunning turns, and the climax is a powerful handoff to the final installment (due in August).<br /><br />If you were stuck on Peeta vs. Gale after the first book, \\"Catching Fire\\" is depolarizing. It becomes difficult to root against either, which is what I call an exquisitely painful dilemma.
B001HN694K|1.0|Johnny Depp and Tim Burton teaming on a childhood favorite... sounds promising.  Not so much. I thought it was a snore fest in bright colors.  After about an hour I actually stopped the movie and sent it back to netflix thanful that I hadn't paid to see this in a theatre.  The only good thing about this movie is the song \\"Her name is Alice\\" by Shinedown. Otherwise I wouldn't recommend it to anyone else to see or waste their time with.
1577314808|5.0|I didn't like this book the first time I got it out of the library. I found Tolle to be a pompous know it all. I read only a chapter and returned it to the library. Months later I took a long trip in my car and took out of the library the unabridged CD's read by Tolle.  I listened to the whole thing and really enjoyed it. Upon my return I purchased the book and am slowly working my way through it. Tolle has taken an Eastern idea (Mindfulness), and presented it in a Western manner (Now). It struck a chord with me, unlike all other books I have bought and read on this Eastern idea. I highly recommend it!
030726999X|2.0|I start by noting that I loved the first two installments of Larsson's trilogy, both of which were in the four or five star class in my view.  But Hornet's nest was a different book.  Lisbeth Salander played a much less instrumental role in the proceedings.  The pacing.  was.  very.  slow.  Hardly any tension at all, compared to the first two books anyway.  Larsson seemed intent on writing a long, preachy editorial on the dangers of state bureaucracy.  If that sounds dull, it was.  Maybe he died before he could revise his manuscript, or before his editor could get involved, but almost from page one I felt like I was reading a first draft.  A huge disappointment for this fan of an otherwise brilliant series.
B003EYVXTG|5.0|The theme of innocence unprotected, fighting for its life, is one of the oldest and most potent in fiction. Debra Granik's film \\"Winter's Bone,\\" based on a novel by Daniel Woodrell, is a bleak, unforgettable folk tale about a teenage girl whose struggle for survival takes her to dark places few people ever have the misfortune to see.<br /><br />Ree Dolly (Jennifer Lawrence), a 17-yer-old girl in the Missouri Ozarks, has dropped out of school to care for her younger siblings and her severely depressed, catatonic mother. Deserted by her methamphetamine-cooking father Jessup, Ree manages to keep the family going until the day the sheriff (Garret Dillahunt) shows up at their cabin. Jessup has skipped bail, the sheriff tells her, and he put up the cabin as surety. Jessup has one week to show up in court, or the cabin is forfeit.<br /><br />\\"Winter's Bone\\" is the story of Ree's desperate search for her father to prevent her family from being thrown out into the woods. This search, without going into plot points, costs her dearly. The Ozarks are already a place where people learn early to mind their business and not to go snooping in other peoples'. Add meth dealing to the picture, and the situation turns deadly. Ree finds scant sympathy from her neighbors and even her own extended family. Her scary Uncle Teardrop (John Hawkes) makes it excruciatingly plain that her questions are unwelcome. Yet Teardrop's reaction is mild compared with that of the even scarier people he works for. \\"We warned you,\\" Merab (Dale Dickey), wife of the local meth boss, tells Ree. \\"Why didn't you listen?\\"<br /><br />\\"Winter's Bone\\" is a masterful film, seamlessly mixing delicate lyricism and white-knuckle suspense. The acting is superb down to the smallest bit part. Nineteen-year-old Jennifer Lawrence, in her first starring role, scarcely seems to be acting; she really seems to be this frail girl, armed only with courage and a fierce love of her family, facing down monsters. Blessed with an uncommonly smart, poignant music score from a number of Ozarks musicians, \\"Winter's Bone\\" is the best film so far this year, and it seems unlikely that any film will exceed it.It has already won major prizes at the Sundance and Berlin film festivals; here's hoping it can add an Oscar or two to the tally.sic score from a number of Ozarks musicians, \\"Winter's Bone\\" is the best film so far this year, and it seems unlikely that any film will exceed it.It has already won major prizes at the Sundance and Berlin film festivals; here's hoping it can add an Oscar or two to the tally.
1582701709|5.0|I got this book as a present, then i purchase several of them to spread the word of The secret to friends. It is a great book, worth it to have it.
1423101472|4.0|bought for my 11 year old son who collects percy jackson and any greek mythology info. They are good clean fun books that help teach mythology without the child knowing he is getting facts form history. Every child in this family ages11 to 21 read and enjoyed
0141439661|4.0|This was on a list of books our teacher gave us last year in our Freshman Enrichment English class to read and do a PowerPoint presentation on. I saw it on the clearance rack for $2 at Half Price Books and just had to buy it. I was definitely not disappointed. I have two older sisters myself, and Elinor and Marianne constantly reminded me of them. My oldest sister is full of common sense like Elinor, always thinking of the outcome and how actions will affect her and everyone around her before she does them. On the other hand, my other sister is sensible and romantically charged like Marianne. She lets her emotions get in the way of her common sense and is in the \\"right now\\" instead of looking ahead to the future. Some of the situations they were in and the things they did and said also reminded me of myself and things that have happened in my life. Jane Austen did a wonderful job of making these characters \\"real\\" and easy to imagine actually living, breathing, and doing and saying the things she described. Even though I am only 16 and some of the ideas and language in this book were hard for me to understand and comprehend (I am trying to become more \\"well-read\\" and expand my vocabulary by reading books such as these), I was still easily able to relate to the characters and thoroughly enjoy this book. I would recommend Sense and Sensibility to anyone, especially other girls out there like me who want to read something they can relate to that's a little more intelligent than the books that are popular in our age group today.
0553381687|5.0|If you are considering purchasing the Kindle version of this book, be very aware that you will not have access to the appendix. Like any fantasy book, there are plenty of invented parts of the world that are not fully described, and the appendix gives helpful definitions that give the book more color. You will not receive this on the Kindle version.<br /><br />Notwithstanding the issue, the novel itself deserves five stars.
B002ZG983M|5.0|One of my pet peeves about most comic book movies is the way they have a tendency to play down to the teens rather than the adults.  That's fine, and that's the target audience, and that's the nature of the beast.  However,Kickass manages to be a comic book story for adults.  This gives the movie a depth that most comic book movies (heck, most movies period)tend to lack.  Particularly that movies with explosions tend to lack.  Kickass is far more relevant to a conversation about the responsibility of a single person to make society better than anything since Watchmen (the graphic novel, not the movie).  And I hate to say it, because I loved that graphic novel, but Kickass does it better.    Very simply, this is about a kid who gets fed up with seeing violence and decides to do something about it.  He runs into several other masked individuals and ends up embroiled in a lot of violence, mayhem and hilarity.  And that's worth saying again.  Kickass is flipping hilarious.  Sometimes you're laughing while simultaneously feeling disgusted with yourself for laughing, but that doesn't mean you aren't having a good time.    However, bear in mind that the violence here is pretty graphic sometimes.  And while I adore Hit Girl, and totally want to be her when I grow up (which is sad, cause I'm already in my thirties), a lot of folks might have trouble with her character arc.  It gets a bit bloody, and if you're sensitive to violence with kids, this isn't the movie for you.      Strangely enough, though, Kickass also manages to be warm--you get to see characters who are legitimately trying to make the world a better place, and sometimes they fail miserably. I'll be honest that at one particular point, I was almost moved to tears.  This is one of the rare films that I've seen this year that have actually walked that perfect line of heartfelt emotion, a mix of sophisticated laughter and laughter at someone who got kicked in the balls, and some truly kick ass action sequences.
030745455X|2.0|I thought \\"The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo\\" was entertaining, but badly needed an editor.  Larsson's not much of a writer and there was waaaay too much mundane detail.  The movie, however, was terrific and prompted me to listen to \\"The Girl Who Played With Fire\\" on CD.  Big mistake.  One has to listen to hours of leaden dialogue about mundane trivia before gettin to a passage about the only thing of interest in the book - Lisbeth Sallander.  If she weren't such a unique and interesting character, I'd give this book one star.  I am, however, looking forward to the movie, since the plot line involving Sallander is a good one, despite Stieg Larsson's soporific prose.
B000059XUI|5.0|This item took only a couple of days to arrive. I bought it used & it plays perfectly. I grew up watching the Christopher Reeve Superman movies. It's great to have all the movies on dvd, especially having both versions of Superman II.
B003J27WFW|5.0|I am a Rush fan not a major fanatic but i own almost all of their music.  This was the best documentary i have ever seen and it is very insightful of everything they have done and do now and how they got where they are.  very interesting journey i haven't even watched extra features yet
0307463745|4.0|If you are a faithful reader of the Signal v. Noise blog (which I recommend), you won't find anything new in this book. Buy it anyway just to reward the authors for their great contributions to rethinking work. Like their previous book, [[ASIN:0578012812 Getting Real: The smarter, faster, easier way to build a successful web application]], the authors have put together some great advice on how to be small and successful. Some of it is pretty edgy. Some readers will even find the authors to be pretty arrogant. But try to suffer through that because there is some really good stuff here. Some of their advice: Avoid VCs, purposefully stay small, shoot the workaholics and hire great writers in every position.<br /><br />As much as I love the book, I don't agree with all of their advice. Consider this quote the authors direct at CEOs: \\"[if you are not intimately involved with all aspects of your business] you'll wind up in the dark, putting your fate solely in the hands of others. That's dangerous.\\" My own experience suggests just the opposite. Founders are most often chronic control freaks that fail to grow (personally and financially) because they fail to delegate successfully. Anyway, this is a minor flaw in an otherwise great compilation of advice. It's a really quick read, too. The hardback version is about 270 pages, but 100 of them are quirky full-page drawings.
B003M30T9Y|5.0|Just when you think there is no more honesty, joy, brilliance, courage, and gutsy innocence in pop music, Janelle Monae arrives from the future bringing the riches of the past. James Brown, Billie Holiday, Michael Jackson, and Prince are all here in this singing and dancing dynamo from Kansas City. She's wise beyond her years, and has a message and vision, not just a shtick. She's only 24, so we can look forward to years and years of brilliance and joy from this young woman. And what's more: she's too strong, smart, and grounded to let fame destroy her. If you can buy just one album this summer, ArchAndroid is it. What are you waiting for? The magic is back, and its name is MONAE!!
1573229725|5.0|Top notch writing from an author that couldn't possibly outdo her previous novel \\"Tipping the Velvet\\", but she DID!! Just shut up and get this book!!!
B001HZK8FY|5.0|I absolutely Loved this movie! I'd have to say one of the best love stories I've ever watched. But at the same time it stirred the emotions for me as well. As my mother died from Alzheimers. I can't think of another illness more heartbreaking then this one. James Garner and Gena Rowlands brings not only the realization of this to life in the movie The Note Book, but also shows what true love is really all about! Standing by the love of your life thru the best of times as well as through the hardest of times. Rachel Mc Adams and Ryan Gosling performances were excellent as well, such talented young people they truly lived their parts. Just an incredible movie! I give it five stars.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B003B1X80Y The Notebook [Blu-ray]]][[ASIN:B001HZK8FY The Notebook (Limited Edition Gift Set)]]
0374530718|5.0|This is a very entertaining and educational novel that uses the life of a 14-year old girl to take the reader through the history of philosophy.  The main character is Sophie, a young girl who is befriended by a mysterious stranger who initially communicates with her via letters.  Each commnication is an introduction to a major philosopher or school of thought.  The story line takes the reader from Democritus, thru Plato, Hume, Rousseau, etc. all the way to the present (in this case the end of the 20th century).  Each section clearly explains each philosopher's thinking as well as challenges to that philosohical system.  The story and the philosophy are weaved together masterfully, so that the reader does not feel a disjunction between the two subject matters.  There is an interesting twist near the end of the book, although I think the author trips up on himself here a bit, as his effort feels strained and he also introduces a very inappropriate theme for young adults, for whom this book is intended.  Overall, however, if you want to learn philosophy and be entertained at the same time, read this book.
B000H5V8DG|5.0|The Alias complete collection was as described and arrive in good time....im happy with my product
B003HARV3Y|2.0|As a number of other people have said, I get that changes must often be made in order to bring a book to the screen. But why these changes? An enjoyable mythological romp was turned into a fairly bland teen action movie. And even on that score it fails. The young actors actually manage to do surprisingly well; it's the older ones who tended to fail. Sean Bean was shockingly bad as Zeus, the actor playing Poseidon only a little better. Brosnan might as well have been a block of wood. Only Steve Coogan and Uma Thurman managed to have some dignity (and that's debatable). It's too bad the changed plot made no sense. Starting a war was going to achieve the titular thief's goals...how exactly? Never mind, we'll just create a new action setpiece out of nowhere and hope the gee-whiz water effects dazzle. Perhaps under a another director the movie might have had a chance, but it's clear Columbus didn't get the material.
0143035711|5.0|So much said about this amazing book. Up there with the top five VN books, not really sure...maybe even top two.   What makes it great ? I would have to say his honest skillful writing and ability to tell about his experience in Vietnam foremost as a helicopter pilot but also as a human being, sharing his strengths and weaknesses with the reader.   I think in my case he's the real \\"Biggles\\", not wanting to belittle the consequences of war.   The photo of Mason \\"trying to act normal with his family\\" when returning from his tour is speaking for itself....with a 1000 words.   No one is more shocked than I.
B0029LX2LC|2.0|the amazon rating program would not allow me to post  without first star rating the project which is something  i did not want to do. so please ignore that portion  of the review with this explanation    *sigh* i had a flashback of my  man Common's last effort{univeral mind control}  and thought \\"oh no,here we go again.DAM!!!  ok,look,i am and will  always be a fan for life..i still have faith in the illedelph  sound warriors  and ill always regard the Legendary Roots Crew as  one of the best if not THE best groups in HipHOP to ever do it.  but this latest effort just didnt jibe with me.  ill give it a couple more listenings before rating as   maybe there was something i overlooked.some vibration  perhaps i failed to pick up on.i cant rate it as such until ive done this much.for the many aural blessings this incredible  group has bestowed upon my being;its the least i could do. i'll give the joint another go.  but i have to admit,theres a huge part of me thats hoping for the best  and expecting...well,i have no expectations.just an approach  with an open mind.
B0031YJFCQ|4.0|I loved this whole series.  This book had a great ending as well.  I am so sad that this man will not be writing more books like this for all of us to enjoy
B00005AG7K|3.0|Cheap cover, the video was kinda blurry and the audio was not so good. I don't have a problem with this. I think since it's the Beatles you should expect more. I'd consider buying it again if they remastered it.
B002VPE1YS|5.0|I got this for my wife to use. Mainly because she has a jacket, scarf and blanket all made out of similar material so I figured she'd probably get a kick out of this quilted case. We have a plethora of small gadgets so there is always something to protect.<br /><br />The case is built very well, the only weak part is the clip that comes with the case. It's not the higest of quality and I fear that a few could tugs may break the clip itself. That aside, the construction of the case is well done. I put a digital camera in the case and it fit pretty good. I even dropped the case with the camera and my camera still worked as expected.<br /><br />Overall if you are looking for a good quality case, this may be what you want to get. It offers the protection you would expect and is built well. I'm satisfied with this item and my wife, well she loves it.
1416550550|5.0|Absolutely gripping! I was enthralled throughout. This book is a rare gem.     It centers around an elderly woman named Nell, who discovers on her 21st birthday that she was taken in and loved by her family, but she doesn't really belong to them. She sets out on a long and winding road to find her origins, and the story that unfolds as a result is simply terrific.    I recommend this book for those who love stories full of mystery and family, and ultimately love.
0307593525|5.0|This two volumes of French Cooking are very fun!  I have only had them for a few weeks now and have only made recipes from the first one but am very happy with the results as well as the options.  There are several variations of each master recipe so you can cook however you feel at the time.  The binding is very good quality and the books are put together very well.  I do recommend these two volumes of Mastering the Art of French Cooking by Julia Child to anyone who enjoys cooking and wants to get more involved in the art no matter what level.
1439153663|4.0|THE KITCHEN HOUSE by Kathleen Grissom is not a new story.  Most readers of historical fiction have read \\"the concept\\" before.  The true reality of storytelling is that it's all been done before.  What matters is execution and Ms. Grissom, it appears, is quite an expert in that venue.  She has taken a story of an indentured poor Irish immigrant girl living among her adopted black family on a Virginia plantation and delivered the little twists and insights that make you realize you're in the hands of someone who really knows what they're doing when it comes to storytelling. Granted there are a couple of missed dramatic opportunities in the story and the Lavinia character was, in some instances, a little too nave (one might even say vacuous) and oblivious to things that should have been obvious. That said, it's also a proven fact that much of a readers entertainment is provided not by what the author is divulging, but by what is known by the reader but being hidden from the characters in the narrative. Anticipation of the \\"Big Reveal\\" is always tantalizing.  As for the characters, I loved them all....even the dastardly Rankin and his \\"villain in training\\" Marshall.  Each and every one of Ms. Grissom's creations has a personality that is wonderfully developed with each one adding a different seasoning to the tale that subtly enhances its flavor to create a wonderful feast for the reader.<br /><br />As the movie critic Roger Ebert once observed, \\"What matters in a movie (or a book)is HOW it's about WHAT it's about\\" and THE KITCHEN HOUSE under the talented hand of Ms. Grissom shows us HOW to make the familiar feel fresh.
1400032717|5.0|Another great read! This one is very similar to 600 HOURS OF EDWARD, in that it also has a main character with autism. Christopher is not quite as high-functioning as Edward was, but very gifted in math. he too is obsessive-compulsive, but with little control over his emotions. He is trying though.     I only hope the rest of my books to be read are as good!
030726999X|3.0|I may have missed any qualifying statements for this purchase, but I bought an English paperback version which is of lower quality than US paperbacks.  Maybe my fault as I thought I was buying a hardcover to my first two books in the series.
B002BWP4A6|5.0|In a small village in Northern Germany in 1916 a series of bizarre and horrid things happen.  There is no explanation for these events, only mute rumors and musings in a town confined by strict Protestant rules of judgment and behavior.  The town Doctor on horseback is tripped by a trap wire hidden on a path, is injured, and must leave town for a hospital treatment for a while: upon return we learn that the town doctor is anything but kind in his verbal and physical abuse of his office manager/mistress who may be the mother of 'his child' - a mentally challenged boy cared for the mother/mistress who also cares for his naive other children by his deceased wife.  A young boy, the son of the town Baron, is found in the woods, bound and beaten, and the town fails to produce information as to the brutality.  A woman falls through a dangerous flooring and dies, her husband commits suicide, the mentally challenged boy is severely tortured, the Baron's cabbage farm is destroyed, the children of the large family of the town pastor are punished for varying reasons (each offending child must wear a 'white ribbon of innocence' to remind themselves to sin no more - the young boy's sin is physical self satisfaction), a building on the Baron's estate is burned, etc.  Oddly since there are no identified culprits, the town focuses on the children as the possible perpetrators of the violence - since they are ignorant until they receive Confirmation in the church - a ritual supposed to bring the enlightenment of adulthood to those confirmed!<br /><br />There are many stories in this magnificent film by the gifted Michael Haneke and none of them is fully resolved by the end of the film.  It is the tenor of the city that seems to breed ill winds that in turn suggests that the town's inhabitants - curious and possibly dangerous children and adults with both overt and subliminal evil in their characters - are setting the scene for a country that could produce the evil demonstrated by the events of July 1917 which opened World War II.  Haneke captures all of this terror and submerged hate and fear and abuse and character dysfunction in startling black and white photography.  The townspeople are all fairly similar in appearance, made more so by the black and white imagery, and the only person in the town that has some semblance of humanity is the young schoolteacher (even in his discovery of courtship) that seems to make the statement that it is only through education that change can occur.  Haneke has the courage and sensitivity to leave the audience guessing about the etiologies of all the evils we have witnessed and simply ends his film in slow fadeout as WW I ensues.  It is a heart-stopping film, brilliantly directed and acted and photographed and accompanied by a musical score that emphasizes choral hymns sung by children. This is magnificent filmmaking!  In German with English subtitles. Grady Harp, July 10f July 1917 which opened World War II.  Haneke captures all of this terror and submerged hate and fear and abuse and character dysfunction in startling black and white photography.  The townspeople are all fairly similar in appearance, made more so by the black and white imagery, and the only person in the town that has some semblance of humanity is the young schoolteacher (even in his discovery of courtship) that seems to make the statement that it is only through education that change can occur.  Haneke has the courage and sensitivity to leave the audience guessing about the etiologies of all the evils we have witnessed and simply ends his film in slow fadeout as WW I ensues.  It is a heart-stopping film, brilliantly directed and acted and photographed and accompanied by a musical score that emphasizes choral hymns sung by children. This is magnificent filmmaking!  In German with English subtitles. Grady Harp, July 10
0307341569|5.0|Having not read Flynn's first book, Sharp Objects, but after hearing so much praise for it, I decided to give Dark Places a try.  I was not disappointed.<br /><br />It's the story of a young girl, Libby, who is seven years old when her mother and sisters are brutally murdered.  Libby's testimony puts her brother away for the murders. Years later Libby meets up with a \\"true crime\\" fan group called the Kill Club, hoping to make some extra cash by making an appearance and selling some personal items because the trust fund she's been living off of is almost dry.  Libby discovers members of the group believe her brother is innocent and she decides to still try to cash in on their beliefs by investicating the case further and arranging to meet with people from her past who may have been involved in some way.<br /><br />Told in present and past scenes, the book switches between Libby in the present, and her Mom and Brother in the past.  The chapters told from the point of view of  her family members all take place on the day of the tragedy leading up to it and finally coming to a climax and revealing who really committed the crime. The imagery here is very disturbing at times, but the strong prose can't be beat.<br /><br />I used to love good mysteries before they became so predictable and stereotyped, so it was nice to read a \\"non-detective\\" mystery here.  The book is also told in first and third person, which can be a bit odd to follow in some books, but the author pulled it off perfectly here by naming each chapter after the person who is telling that part of the story.<br /><br />Libby herself is so dark and disturbing (the title comes from the dark place that memories of the murders take her to).  I felt sorry for her in some places because of the emotional wreck she is, and at other times I just wanted to hate her and thought she was so screwed up.  But it was a good hate, like some oddball character only Flannery O'Connor would have given birth too.  You want to hate her, but you root for her at the same time.<br /><br />Her family wasn't much better before their deaths.  They were poor.  Her parents were separated.  Her dad was a dead beat drunk.  This family was ultimately set up for failure and it just didn't get any better.  And unfortunately, Libby has had to carry this \\"dark\\" past her whole life, and it still haunts her.<br /><br />I definitely look forward to more from Flynn and will be recommending this book for a while to come.  If you enjoy a good \\"adult mystery,\\" laced with dark humor and emotion, then you will like Dark Places.the same time.      Her family wasn't much better before their deaths.  They were poor.  Her parents were separated.  Her dad was a dead beat drunk.  This family was ultimately set up for failure and it just didn't get any better.  And unfortunately, Libby has had to carry this \\"dark\\" past her whole life, and it still haunts her.    I definitely look forward to more from Flynn and will be recommending this book for a while to come.  If you enjoy a good \\"adult mystery,\\" laced with dark humor and emotion, then you will like Dark Places.
B003956Z8O|4.0|The Congratulations album is an overall 4 out 5 stars, with some 5-star songs if you like the first album.  Don't bother with the gimmicky special edition - I could not get my Mac OS X Snow Leopard computer to play the video (which is free at their website).  It grows on you after the second listen!  Definitely buy it.
B003M8LL6E|5.0|It took a while for my wife to convince me to watch a show about a couple of \\"cute\\" guys chasing demons here, there and everywhere.  But once I watched the first couple of episodes I found myself going back to season one to watch the whole thing.  Great writing, great acting... great storyline.....I am suprised there aren't a million fans of the show.  Well, I am a fan......and my wife didn't make me write this either, lol.     So if you like scifi, vampires, monsters, angels and demons, the classic eternal battle between good and evil, both in society and within everyone of us....then you will love this show.
B001974DG0|1.0|I love Dean Koontz books. I have several hard cover and paperbacks of his books. And during my recent visit to the US I bought a Kindle in order to buy the Kindle version of his books and others. How disappointed I was when, after getting a sample of this book to my Kindle, I was not allowed to purchase the book!! Why - because I live in Asia!! I am just so surprised and disappointed. Do the authors know about this? And why did I bother to buy a Kindle if I cannot get the books I want!
B001M5UDGS|5.0|This is one of my favorite films.  It's only 45 minutes long, the songs are catchy and just plain awesome, and it's just an all-around good time.  A very fun movie (though Captain Hammer can be crass at times).  Joss Whedon has done it again!    Be sure to check out \\"Commentary: The Musical\\" in the bonus features.  I was laughing for days afterward!
B003N1I3SO|4.0|This album is very good, if you like stromae's sound. All the songs have good beats and are pretty light, except for a couple of songs at the end (including the title track cheese) which contain some dark material. I kind of wish these darker songs weren't included since it ruins the mood a bit for me, but I suppose that is rap. the beat, however, remains upbeat throughout. My other complaint is that some of his songs that were released on youtube like \\"quand je dis go\\" and \\"up saw liz\\" were not included on the album, so I was upset over that, especialy since the album contains onyly 11 songs and they could have been included.  I wonder why they weren't.
B000LB7G00|5.0|Superfast delivery. Outstanding product; I don't know how I got by without it. For CAD and graphics, it's like going from the horse and buggy to a Ferrari. [[ASIN:B000LB7G00 3Dconnexion SpaceNavigator SE (Standard Edition) 3D Navigation Device USB ( 3DX-700028 )]]
B0012K1ILW|4.0|I'm a diehard fan.  I avoided this album for a while b/c of the reviews, and several of the tracks were hard to immediately jam to.  But I saw her concert this summer and decided to buy the CD.  It's the only Badu CD I'd give 4 stars instead of 5 just because it's more meditative than I tend to enjoy.  But I hope that the album influences other artists.  Seriously - how much autotune can a person take?    For me, the high points are The Healer (Very Parliament. Love the arrangement of this song and the cadence of the lyrics.  It sounds like religious chanting, which matches the lyrics themselves.), Me (the self-reflection that most expect from Badu), The Cell (like the rock & early 80s R&B elements; reminds me of \\"Danger\\" from Worldwide Underground), & Honey (bouncy & fun).    Keep 'em coming, Badu!
B0039TD7RC|5.0|A lot has been talked about this landmark double-LP(as it was released in 1972),so much so that another shower of praise on the artistic merits and long-term impact of \\"Exile On Main Street\\" had on rock music would be redundant,so let's get to the two main reasons this \\"Deluxe Edition\\" exists:the freshly-minted sonics of the original album and the additional rarities on the second disc.Let's start with the first:The remastering is beautifully done by Stephen Marcussen and Stewart Whitmore.For instance,Nicky Hopkins piano sounds more noticable,the guitars of Keith Richards and Mick Taylor have more bite and snarl,the bottom-end and top-end have better balance,giving Bill Wyman's bass and Charlie Watts drums more balls and kick,yet the original's sludgy,murky presence with Mick Jagger's words still hard to decipher(unless you've got lyric sheets)remains intact.It buries both the intial 1980's CBS CD and the 1994 Virgin remaster six feet under(sorry,audiophools,but I owned both of those and my ears can tell the significent leap forward in sound quality.)The second part,the rarities, is pretty darn good,too.Yes,Jagger's vocals on \\"Plundered My Soul\\" and \\"Following The River\\" are from 2010,but both are soild,the first a \\"Tumbling Dice\\" type rocker,the second a gorgous piano ballad with gospel overtones.Other standouts includes the grinding blues \\"I'm Not Signifying\\",the mildy psychedelic \\"So Divine (Aladdin Story),a revealing,slower alternate take of \\"Loving Cup\\" and the Latin-tinged rhythmic sway of \\"Pass The Wine(Sophia Loren)\\".While none of these could replace the 18 songs on the classic,it's great to hear some quality unheard tracks from this period surface for the first time.The only letdown is the poor packaging-the booklet contains no liner notes,just some rare photos of the band and not much else.But this third 2-disc dip into \\"Exile\\" is definitly worth the money overall.Five stars.
B000SZHH30|5.0|I have listen to this many times.  It is one of those albums you think is good on your first few listens, very good after about 10 spins and excellent after even more.  I wasn't sure whether to give it 4 or 5 stars but after scanning through the tracks I realize how deep this album is.  Almost every song is a keeper.  I don't know how they could have made it better.  I will be enjoying this for a long time to come.
B0034JKZ86|5.0|I brought this movie for my grandkids. This movie will keep them still for the majority of it duration. I love it too, especially all the songs, very inspirational.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|Some shows live on better in the memory than they deserve. Daria is not one of these shows. The humour remains cuttingly funny, the attitude, delicious. The music has been replaced here due to copyright difficulties, but I wouldn't have noticed that if I had read about it; it makes no difference to the shows, as far as I'm concerned. The targets are often obvious and easy, but this remains one of the best examples of American comedy, ever.
B001BMXFX0|5.0|Even tho this book is on a subject that we all fear, it is a very good look at how the departed might see their death, if in fact, they really do. It helps you cope and also have hope.
0307716988|5.0|I have wanted this book for years . I bought the first edition and it was destroyed. This is more than I hoped for. A beautiful book.
B002VECM72|4.0|The Blide Side is hands-down one of the best movies I've ever seen. The story is so touching and the makers of the movie did a great job with casting! HIGHLY reccommend this movie!
0307594777|5.0|Ordered the trilogy and have just finished the first book, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.  Great book, easy reading, and keeps  your interest throughout.  Can't wait to continue with the other two books.  So sorry Stief Larsson has passed away as he is a great writer and this series will not continue.
030726839X|5.0|I think Hastings has written a great book about Churchill during World War II. It provides an objective view of the war from Churchill's position, and does so by recognizing his faults and his greatness. I think Hastings succinctly provides great insight into the reasoning and influences driving many of war's strategic decisions and broad events, and does so in what I believe is a very readable book. I have enjoyed reading a book about World War II from the viewpoint of one of the three main Allied leaders that focuses on the strategic flow of the entire war (at least, after he became Prime Minister) and mentions the battles only in that context, rather than the other way around. I think it is helpful to understand battles, even major ones, in the overall context of the war, and I think this book does a good job with that. I wholeheartedly recommend this book.
B001I5M9SC|3.0|My rating is based on the Blue-Ray failing to reach my expectations, Andrea's performance is 5 stars.   Purchased this Blue-Ray disc based on the reviews here. After playing on my setup with a 1080p projector on a 100\\" diagonal screen I can tell you that the quality is not at par with Blue-Ray capabilities. The cameras used to capture this amazing concert have a lot of trouble staying in focus, specially those located far away zooming into the stage. This might not be noticeable on a smaller screen. The quality only gets worse as the night falls and the cameras struggle to pick up the details in a darker setting. The sound quality is good, but DVD good; it only includes 2 tracks (PCM Stereo and 5.1 PCM). It would have been great to have this concert on DTS-HD.   If you want a quality production of Andrea Bocelli's music on video, buy \\"Under The Desert Sky\\" DVD; the filming quality is excellent and sound is much better on the included DTS track. I really enjoy listening to this concert on my high end system.
B0028MBKVG|5.0|Exceptional telling of a story about a journey taken for reasons unknown, but discovered in the end. Read this book. You will not regret it.
1439153663|5.0|An Irish girl comes to the United States as an indentured servant and is befriended by a black family who run the kitchen for the white master. The details of the emotional development of all the characters is well done and the reader gets involved in the moral dilemmas that this book reveals. The writing is engrossing and I could not put this book down.
031606792X|1.0|I really enjoyed the first book in this series, Twilight. I thought that it was original and kind of romantic. Although I had some problems with Bella's character from the beginning, I had hoped that she would find her voice more throughout the series and continue to grow. Unfortunately, I think that each book has gotten progressively worse as the series goes on. Breaking Dawn continues to display Bella as an anti-feminist, self-sacrificing, and masochistic female lead. Her sole purpose in life is to please Edward and bare his demon spawn child, even to the point of killing herself. The plot twists are so ridiculous that they truly smack of poorly written fanfiction. The amazing part of the whole thing is that I'm sure that the diehard Twilight fans would be happy with anything Meyer puts down on paper. Personally, I regret the money that I paid for the last three books and the hours that I spent reading them.
0143038419|5.0|I love this book.  It's such a fun read, I don't want it to end.  I wanted to read the book before the movie, starring Julia Roberts, comes out.  I've already orderd Elizabeth Gilberts next book, \\"Marriage.\\"
B00000J2SP|5.0|I love how people knock this album because it got airplay or its too commercial. Face it, this is the best they ever did. No kings or knights or dragons, give me a break. I really love the Dio years but come on JLT smokes Dio(RIP) in vocal ability. Cant Happen here is fantastic, I surrender is probably their best song(along with Stone cold). I could listen to this diverse album over and over and never tire of it.  Give this a chance and it will become your favorite.
B000244FDW|5.0|There have been several good adaptions of Pride and Prejudice. The most popular are, I expect, the very lavish BBC production starring Colin Firth and the recent Hollywood film version starring Keira Knightley.  A real Jane Austen fan will likely want to see them all. But for a lover of the book none IMO equals this not so lavish earlier BBC version.    What makes it so exceptional? Several things.     The first is the character of of Lizzy.  She's the girl you knew and loved in the book. Smart. Sassy. Opinionated. But most of all endearing.  Indeed every character you came to love in the book comes to life in the production as if they simply became flesh and blood and walked off the printed page,    The second thing that makes this adaptation \\"best\\" for the Austen fan is that it has not been modernized. And why should it be? Jane Austen's greatest gift was her ability to see past custom into the common heart of mankind. That is why her books resonate with readers as much in the 21st century as they did in her own.    Yes the sets and lighting are flat and the camerawork only of TV quality, but the script, character development and acting is so wonderful that this viewer at least didn't care a whit. If you love the book this is the Pride and Prejudice you'll want to see. And see again and again.
B0029O08WA|5.0|This is a great compilation of music!  I use it to motivate me to exercise or just to chill out.  A great purchase!
B00336G7HI|5.0|Very good, typical Sony battery.  We got it to supplement the original for a long trip.  It performs as expected and is identical to the original. Not too much more can be said about a battery
B0037AGASG|5.0|it was a gift for some one and  they love it. it was the cd i was looking for.
B000059MEK|5.0|Classic! I'd call this their best album to date. Happy, mellow, yet pumps you up. Brilliancy.
9113020730|5.0|This trilogy is one of, if not the best, I've ever read.  The author passed away after this last book was written and that is a shame.  I did not want this story to end!
B0008KLVG4|5.0|Jaws An instant classic,waters would never be safe again or so they say( I love sharks and water).Rod Steiger is excellent and so is dreyfuss and who can forget the captain and Jaws!I still dislike Spielberg but love this movie.
159562015X|1.0|I felt that the test format was severely flawed.  Essentially, it was asking me to supply one answer to two questions.  As an example, it would supply two statements such as    I am generally happy.                             I am a hard worker.    Then it would ask for me to pick a number from 1 to 5 where 1 meant I most agree with the statement on the left, and a 5 meant I agreed mostly with the statement on the right.  So I could only select one number which was supposed to somehow show agreement/disagreement with two different things.  Sometimes I would agree strongly with both statements.  Sometimes I would disagree strongly with both statements.  Sometimes I would somewhat agree with both statements.  For instance, if a person were depressed, he would likely disagree with both of the statements above.  Depressed people are generally unhappy, and with little ambition.  So how do you assign one number which accurately reflects your feeling about both concepts?  Impossible, unless both statements were very carefully chosen to be opposite extremes of the same concept, such as -    I am generally happy.                           I am generally unhappy.    I know some will surmise that the pair of statements provided were, in fact, connected, but it was not easy to identify the connection at the surface.  I thought about this while going through the test.  I concluded that this definitely was not the case.  It was too obvious that the two statements just weren't connected in many cases.  In many other cases they were.    I feel that this shows that the author just wasn't familiar with the basics of proper information gathering.  This sounds like a bold critique of a successful author.  But to me, it was just too obviously true to ignore.  It would have made much, much more sense for the statements to be presented as two separate, unconnected questions, such as    I am generally happy.    I am a hard worker.    The test taker should be able to assign 1 to 5 independently to each of these statements on a scale representing disagreement/agreement.    I wish I could get example questions from the survey to demonstrate examples where the I felt the two statements were unconnected.  I've gone back to the web site and have not been able to figure out a way to do this.
B003G4IXA6|5.0|I bought Slash's new music in the vinyl format.  I don't know about the cd version but the guitar playing on the vinyl sounds great.  Some of the songs really light me up while other ones don't.  Each song sounds an awful lot like the band the lead singer is in.  Slash's music really grows on you.  Every time I listen to it I hear something new and like the music even more.
0385491026|3.0|Ms. Atwood is a tour de force.  The give and take bullying in Cat's Eye is so brutal, I almost stopped reading it, except her writing is yet so marvelous, so smart.  The other reason I slowed down was because of the over description and the slow pace of the book.  For example, there's a scene where our little girl protagonist takes a marble out of her purse and puts it on her bureau and goes out.  And I thought, wait, Ms. Atwood, aren't you going to describe where she puts the marble on the bureau so it doesn't roll off and what else is up there and how the light is falling and... you get the picture.  It also had a bit too much Christian imagery for my tastes, although the science bits were great.  Still, I'm in awe, and highly looking forward to my next Atwood tome.
B000K4X5XA|5.0|Now, before I get to assessing the Blu ray version of \\"Superman - The Movie, I want to give my overall critique of the film itself.<br /><br />Pardon me, it may take a while, lol:<br /><br />I LOVE THIS MOVIE----With A Passion. Ive loved it every since I was that 6 yr old kid sitting in that dark movie theatre in late 1978 with my older brother, oohing and aweing at the images, amazed that I was seeing actors and filmmakers bringing one of my all-time favorite comic book superheroes to VIVID LIFE. I seen it perhaps more times than the Earth has revolved around the sun or Stevie Wonder and Michael Jackson have won Grammys, lol. It's magnificent entertainment. Pure and simple. From a time when film craftsmen actually cared about their film subject and gave their audience something to be proud to spend their money on.<br /><br />Director Richard Donner and producers Alexander and Ilya Salkind took a great American character and built a full scale old style Hollywood epic around him. Donner has stated over the yrs he wanted realism...nothing more, nothing less. If the filmmakers couldnt believe wholeheartedly in Superman and his world, why would we? Makes sense. It has heart, humor, a few strong dramatic moments, a few sad moments....a lot like the real world.<br /><br />First, we see the planet Krypton in all its majesty....cold, sterile, highly advanced. Then, we go to Earth as baby Kal-El is sent by rocketship there after Krypton's destruction. We watch him grow up under the watchful eyes of his adoptive parents, the Kents. Then, after he learns his true heritage and his destiny, we follow him to Metropolis, where hes now Clark Kent, news reporter, and our world's all mighty protector, Superman. Simple storytelling yet so powerfully told on screen.<br /><br />This is one adventure film thats so well cast its scary; the actors are so committed to their characters, theres not ONE FALSE MOVE, from anyone: Marlon Brando, dignified as Superman's Kryptonian father, Jor-El; Gene Hackman brings excellent comic relief as the villianous Lex Luthor; Margot Kidder is a sexy yet strong and intelligent Lois Lane (is there any other kind?); Glenn Ford and Phyllis Thaxter are the definitive Jonathan and Martha Kent; Ned Beatty is a funny Otis the hapless henchmen; Valerie Perrine is sex and playfulness as Luthors femme fatale, Miss Teschmacher.<br /><br />However, you cant have a Superman film with the title character himself, and the late Christopher Reeve IS and ALWAYS will be the ULTIMATE Man of Steel. Reeves interpretation of the hero is so definitive, so realistic, so intelligent, that in the hands of any other actor, it mightve come off as phony and a caricature. It wouldve been a tragic mistake. Reeve deftly handles the duality of Superman/Kent. His Kent, supposedly modeled after Cary Grant, is a sweet yet fumbling everyman....his Superman, on the other hand, is majestic, bold, with a bit of a swagger that doesnt make him look too arrogant and a dash of upright DO-GOODER AT YOUR SERVICE....Perfection. He inhabits these two individual personalities so completely that although we all know its the same man, he makes them look like two separate entities. Why Reeve wasnt considered for Oscar consideration has always baffled me over the years.<br /><br />Everything, from the script to the set designs; from the cinematography to the Academy Award winning visual effects to the grand, inspiring score (one of my truly favorite pieces of music, ever)  by the great John Williams, is flawless. Attention to detail is part of what makes or breaks any film and \\"Superman\\" has it in spades. Nothing seems out of sync and the affection for the material is infectious. Even those who either never read a comic book or hadnt read Superman in yrs loved this movie. Watching it is fun and it sweeps you in, like the best adventure stories are supposed to.<br /><br />Now.....the presentation on Blu ray. I own this classic on VHS, the 2000 special Edition DVD and the four disc 2006 Special Edition DVD, and ive never had a problem in my viewing of it, especially in the digital format, where \\"Superman\\" shines. Having just seen it on Blu ray for the first time in that format the other night i can say the picture and audio quality are very well rendered; the colors and details are very vivid and the audio, while no different from in other digital presentations, is clear in the 5.1 Dolby capacity.m in my viewing of it, especially in the digital format, where \\"Superman\\" shines. Having just seen it on Blu ray for the first time in that format the other night i can say the picture and audio quality are very well rendered; the colors and details are very vivid and the audio, while no different from in other digital presentations, is clear in the 5.1 Dolby capacity.
B0025KVLTM|5.0|This is for the 09-09-2009 re-mastered version. Not to be confused with the July 15, 2002 version (which I give a 4* rating).    I love the Beatles. I love Sgt Pepper. And I love great re-mastering. I try to mostly choose digital re-mastering done after year 2000 (about, and even better when re-mastered more recently). And by a reputable record label. And from Amazon. With most music purchased from Amazon you can listen to sound bytes, before you make the purchase, that are actually close to the sound quality on the CD or MP3 download. Unfortunately, you can't pre-listen to this album. But it all turned out great.    Also, unfortunately, if the original recorded source isn't done well, the sound quality is limited no matter how great the re-mastering. Sounds like the Beatles used the higher end recording equipment of the time. I haven't had good luck finding the first hit recordings by The Rolling Stones (and I love the Stones).    Paid $12.99 and shipping was free. Purchased on 09-09-2009 directly from Amazon
B002BWP4A6|5.0|A beautiful and weird journey to a small German village in the years preceding World War I.  The inhabitants are apparently living a serf-life existence under the benificence of the \\"Baron,\\" who resides in an opulent estate. Slow to unfold, the tale begins to gel and one comes to know and marvel at the strangeness of these people and their relationships with their families and each other behind closed doors.    Filmed in dramatic black and white, a creepy mood permeates darkly as various tragedies emerge and elude understanding.  Bitterness, incest, cruelty and sadism arise in the context of a charming and playful love story between a teacher and one of the Baron's governesses.    My chief \\"complaint\\" would be the abrupt ending, which leaves many mysteries unsolved, but which also creates a sense of amazement and contemplation that lingers long after.  I was further annoyed by the subtitles--many of which were barely visible against a bright white background.  Finally, many of the scenes of this DVD are dimly lit which detracts from one's enjoyment.
B0039TD7RC|5.0|The masterpiece, my favorite. By 1972, the Stones were outlaws and on the run from the taxman rather than the demons that had been on their tail three years earlier.<br />When they arrived in the South of France, it took 12 months to record and then mix Exile On Main St. Just listen to it and if you like rock, the entire DNA is here, The Stones never rock & rolled this well again...
B003JLA4KS|5.0|This is a really good documentary.  Finally for those Rush fans of all degrees get to know who they are on this well-made documentary. It should answer most of your questions about them and some you didn't think about.  To Me they are a great rock influential band without the arrogance and pretentiousness.  They are simply pure, gifted and risk-takers without going overboard.  Buy it and you won't regret it.
B001UV4XFG|3.0|First of all, I do not think that \\"Twilight\\" is the worst thing to happen to American literature or cinema in the 21st century or whatever.  The fact that within 12 hours of opening its rating on the International Movie Data Base was 3-point-something surely does not express the judgment of the fanatics (and they boys they date) who paid $30 million to catch the special midnight showings this (early) morning.  I agree you do not need to see something to decide that it is bad, but I think you do need to see it to assign a valid number on a ten point rating scale.  I also think it is fairly obvious that if you have not seen the first two movies and/or read the first two books in Stephenie Meyer's series, then you are never going to be able to figure out what is happening in this one, but then the same thing applies for starting with \\"The Return of the Jedi\\" or \\"The Return of the King.\\"  Come to think of it, I have to believe that virtually everybody reading these words has already decided whether or not they are going to see \\"The Twilight Saga: Eclipse.\\"<br /><br />When last we left our heroine, Bella Swan ([[ASIN:B002BFBAWO Kristen Stewart]]), she and her vampire boyfriend Edward Cullen ([[ASIN:B002ZG98RS Robert Pattinson]]) had been given an ultimatum by the [[ASIN:B001PA7P0W Volturi]], that because Bella knows so much about vampires she has to become one or die.  This fits into Bella's plans because she wants to become a vampire and be with Edward forever.  Bella's best friend, Jacob Black ([[ASIN:B002ZG99UE Taylor Lautner]], who happens to be a werewolf, thinks he loves Bella as much as she loves Edward and does not want her to become a vampire because it is the sacred duty of all werewolves to kill vampires and then he would have to kill Bella.  Meanwhile, another vampire, Victoria ([[ASIN:B00064LJVE Bryce Dallas Howard]], is out to kill Bella and thereby payback Edward for what happened at the end of the first movie.  So basically Bella wants to become a vampire and the two men in her life disagree with her decision, albeit for different reasons.<br /><br />The key to Bella Swan has two foundations; the first, that she loves Edward Cullen with all her heart and all her mind and all her soul, and the second, that she can love Jacob Black as a friend while loving Edward as a lover, or would be lover.  These two truths are something that I suspect most teenage girls can relate to.  That being said, I find Team Jacob people fascinating, because they are our contemporary children of the lost cause.  I keep thinking it is like reading an American History textbook, being very interested in the Civil War, and deciding to root for the Confederacy.  The conflict in this story comes from the inability of Jacob to understand these two rules, which means he becomes more and more of a jerk as the film goes along.  Because Edward and Jacob cannot have a fight to the finish, these conflicts play out mostly in conversation, and that is the biggest problem with this movie.  The vast majority of it consists of conversations, primarily between Bella, Edward and Jacob.  Basically all of the Bella and Edward conversations are a variation on her saying \\"change me,\\" him refusing and countering with \\"marry me,\\" her refusing and repeating as necessary.  The Bella and Jacob conversations are all variation on her saying \\"I love you, but not that way,\\" him insisting she does love him and it could be in that way, sprinkled with threats against Edward.  Edward and Jacob tell each other that Bella always loved them best and then threaten each other until Bella shows up, yells at both of them and goes off with whichever one is most ticked off at that moment to have one of those aforementioned conversational rounds.<br /><br />The best parts of this movie are the trio of flashbacks that happen during some more of those conversations with Bella.  Both Jasper (Jackson Rathbone) and Rosalie (Nikki Reed) tell their chilling but pertinent tales on how they became vampires, thereby moving beyond the one dimensional characters they had been in the previous films, and then there is the campfire story about the first encounter between the Quileute and the Cold Ones told by Billy Black (Gil Birmingham).  That last one could would have made for a nice prehistoric prequel, and reminded me of \\"[[ASIN:B0002I84DK Ginger Snaps Back - The Beginning]],\\" one of my favorite werewolf movies.  I also liked what little we got to hear of the commencement address given by Jessica (Anna Kendrik) and basically anything that Alice (Ashley Greene) does in the film, but then across the board the women in this film come off better than the men.  The big battle in the film's climax has its moments, because for all the violence is uber-quick and more suggested that scene.  The idea of vampires as Cold Ones, in addition to providing the motive for the love triangle in a tent in a snowstorm scene, works to keep the PG-13 rating for this film: basically it is like snapping (or biting) off the limbs (and heads) of marble statues.  So there is neither fountains of blood nor clouds of dust, although when Emmett (Kellan Lutz) shatters a newbie's head with his fist, I have no idea why his fist does not explode too.  However, I have long held that the laws of vampirism are outside the realm of real world empiricism, so I suspend my disbelief and go along for the ride.  So the battel scene has its moments, but it ends with a moment whose outrageousness, if not absurdity, evoked laughter from the audience.<br /><br />Director David Slade showed he could do vampire action in \\"[[ASIN:B00111YM5Q 30 Days of Night]]\\" and also proved with \\"[[ASIN:B000GI3KGC Hard Candy]]\\" that he can make a pretty good film where most of the action is mere conversation.  But neither Meyer's original story nor the screenplay by Melissa Rosenberg (who has done all three adaptations) give Slade much to deal with beyond the short spurts of action and all the conversations, which might be part of the reason he is not doing the final two-part installment.  I find it extremely telling that Bella's conversations with her dad, Charlie (Billy Burke), or with any other characters besides Edward and Jacob, work pretty well.  But since most of the movie is those three talking, that becomes a big problem; there was only one moment when Jacob said something that I thought was a decent line.  Bella's opening lines might be the best in the movie, but she's quoting a famous Robert Frost poem that provides an obvious metaphor for her love triangle.  I have no doubt that young people look at this movie differently than I do, because I well being caught up in a romantic rapture when first watching the balcony scene in Franco Zefferelli's \\"[[ASIN:0792165055 Romeo & Juliet]]\\" in the theatre and then, twenty years later, laughing at the same scene because it shows two horny kids at the end of their first date.  There is a reason \\"Twilight\\" has the demographic that it does.  Final Note: It does not help that the last trailer they showed before the movie started was for \\"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows,\\" which is a pointed reminder of the relative shallowness of the Twilight universe (although it should be mentioned that the Harry Potter trailer sandwiches its montage between the two confrontations with Voldemort that will come in Part 2, which is not out until next year).oving beyond the one dimensional characters they had been in the previous films, and then there is the campfire story about the first encounter between the Quileute and the Cold Ones told by Billy Black (Gil Birmingham).  That last one could would have made for a nice prehistoric prequel, and reminded me of \\"[[ASIN:B0002I84DK Ginger Snaps Back - The Beginning]],\\" one of my favorite werewolf movies.  I also liked what little we got to hear of the commencement address given by Jessica (Anna Kendrik) and basically anything that Alice (Ashley Greene) does in the film, but then across the board the women in this film come off better than the men.   The big battle in the film's climax has its moments, because for all the violence is uber-quick and more suggested that scene.  The idea of vampires as Cold Ones, in addition to providing the motive for the love triangle in a tent in a snowstorm scene, works to keep the PG-13 rating for this film: basically it is like snapping (or biting) off the limbs (and heads) of marble statues.  So there is neither fountains of blood nor clouds of dust, although when Emmett (Kellan Lutz) shatters a newbie's head with his fist, I have no idea why his fist does not explode too.  However, I have long held that the laws of vampirism are outside the realm of real world empiricism, so I suspend my disbelief and go along for the ride.  So the battel scene has its moments, but it ends with a moment whose outrageousness, if not absurdity, evoked laughter from the audience.    Director David Slade showed he could do vampire action in \\"[[ASIN:B00111YM5Q 30 Days of Night]]\\" and also proved with \\"[[ASIN:B000GI3KGC Hard Candy]]\\" that he can make a pretty good film where most of the action is mere conversation.  But neither Meyer's original story nor the screenplay by Melissa Rosenberg (who has done all three adaptations) give Slade much to deal with beyond the short spurts of action and all the conversations, which might be part of the reason he is notdoing the final two-part installment.  I find it extremely telling that Bella's conversations with her dad, Charlie (Billy Burke), or with any other characters besides Edward and Jacob, work pretty well.  But since most of the movie is those three talking, that becomes a big problem; there was only one moment when Jacob said something that I thought was a decent line.  Bella's opening lines might be the best in the movie, but she's quoting a famous Robert Frost poem that provides an obvious metaphor for her love triangle.  I have no doubt that young people look at this movie differently than I do, because I well being caught up in a romantic rapture when first watching the balcony scene in Franco Zefferelli's \\"[[ASIN:0792165055 Romeo & Juliet]]\\" in the theatre and then, twenty years later, laughing at the same scene because it shows two horny kids at the end of their first date.  There is a reason \\"Twilight\\" has the demographic that it does.  Final Note: It does not help that the last trailer they showed before the movie started was for \\"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows,\\" which is a pointed reminder of the relative shallowness of the Twilight universe (although it should be mentioned that the Harry Potter trailer sandwiches its montage between the two confrontations with Voldemort that will come in Part 2, which is not out until next year).
B002W6Z0UK|5.0|From a person who doesn't really like Madonna, Britney and many of those types of pop artists, I really like Lady Gaga.  So far her first two albums are really a delight to listen to.  I can't seem to get bored of it.  As for this album, The Fame Monster, I really like the electronic orchestral and heaviness of the sound.  I like the fact she was influenced by some heavy rock like Led Zeppelin which is apparent on her songs.  It's a blend of pop, techno, orchestra, jazz, and rock.  I like all the songs on this album. One of my favs is So Happy I Could Die.      For those who want the uncensored version, go buy it online from Australian retailers,  I got mine from JB Hifi.  Although I had initial problems with the shipping, I was patient and finally got it and don't regret it.  Bar Code No. 00602527304731 or Cat. No. 2730473    I am giving 5 stars for the album's uncensored version.
B003JLA4KS|5.0|Upon hearing that my favorite band Rush was going to be the subject of a documentary I feared that the project would be some shoddy job thrown together by overzealous fans.  I am happy to report that I couldn't have been more wrong.  \\"Beyond the Lighted Stage\\" is a treat for non-fans of the band and a must own for the fans.    Part of the appeal of this documentary is the praises the band receives from the likes of Gene Simmons, Trent Reznor, Kirk Hammet, Billy Corgin, and many others.  Producers such as Terry Brown, Peter Collins, and Rupert Hine also provide insight into many of the band's recordings.  It would have nice to including an interview with Peter Henderson on the nightmare session that became \\"Grace Under Pressure\\".      The real stars of the documentary of course are the band members themselves:  Geddy Lee, Alex Lifeson, and the elusive Neil Peart.  The band shares many stories throughout the year as a band, none of the boring.  One of the best moments is a young Alex Lifeson caught on film telling his family he is dropping out of school to become a full time musician much to his parents horror.  Alex's face displays that of total defiance.      If there is anything this documentary lacks it's pretense.  The band is honest, almost brutally at some points.  They don't come across as guys who are using music as a way to change the world or to promote some cause.  They come across as a trio of musicians who write music they enjoy and hope others enjoy it also.  Also, even though Geddy and Alex are willing to meet fans from time to time Neil Peart is honest in stating he would rather not do this.  After watching some of the fans in the interviews I can't say I blame him.      The supplementary material on this release is really nice.  I am sure fans will enjoy some of the rare live footage of the band including a 1978 performance of \\"La Villa Strangiato\\".  But the biggest thrill here is the camera captures Geddy, Alex, and having dinner, just being three ordinary guys, cutting up, having fun, and discussing future Rush projects.
0307474712|5.0|My first real summer beach read and Nicholl's does a great job of relaying a real world tale of romance.  The ups and downs of life from college graduation into one's late 30s.  We follow a couple from the hot romance of their early 20s through the understanding and mellowing of friendship in their 30s.  One Day gave an overview to the ups and downs of the regular life - failed relationships, past lovers, flight of fancy travelers, children, drug abuse, loss,  and family - all the factors that set up a tale to perfection with a twist. Brawo - now I'm off to see what your first book was like and am looking forward to your next release.
B001OQCV2E|2.0|2012 is a rip off. The special effects are decent; although very ridiculous in many places. The story-line is typical of the big budget end-of-the world flick (an absurd love story replete with long-sufferng children, the jilted lover--who obviously has to die heroically-- and the \\"got-you-back-again\\" husband). It's worth watching for the laughs, in fact it is going to become one of our groups \\"must see\\" films during our annual Thanksgiving trip to Gatlinburg. We'll be adding this one to a couple of other \\"wonderful\\" films such as Donte's Peak (ummm, people stew) and The Mummy (E-mo-tep). Oh yeah...lots of destruction--that's we like.
081297381X|1.0|I made a genuine effort to get all the way through this book, but life is too short to waste on such vacuity. It's strange that the author, being so intelligent and well-read (as he never tires of telling us) didn't realize that the sum of his work has been merely to lift some ideas that have been around for millennia, for example, in Buddhist thought, and rebrand them with management buzz words. Or maybe he did.     Worse, his exploration of these ideas, which he claims as his own, fails to rise above the level of platitude. Endlessly repeated platitude.    Verbose and unbearably pompous, Taleb takes close to 500 pages to say `man doesn't understand the universe' (with the exception of himself, naturally).    The book has merit as an autobiography - a portrait of the type of hubris that rules world financial markets. In this respect, a different title would be more appropriate: `Look How Clever I Am.'
0316010669|5.0|I really enjoy Malcolm Gladwell's scientific curiousity in trying to explain why our brains work the way they do.  I listened to the audio version of the book and it was narrated by the author himself.  Having him read his words felt like we were somewhere having a cup of coffee and he was telling me his ideas.  I really like the way this guy's brain works.  I have the same curiousity about things and I appreciate that Gladwell can articulate these interesting facts so well.
0618164413|5.0|Item was in excellent condition as stated.  Delivery was quick.  Would buy again from seller.
B003QNXPUK|4.0|This material is really cool.  I found the phone too slippery to begin with so this new material is nice (it is a little sticky/rubbery like some have stated).  I've noticed the screen is a little less sensitive so you have to tap a little harder not really a big deal.  The applications process isn't too bad exactly like what the Zagg website described. I'd highly recommend to take your time and let it sit over night if not longer for it to set and dry. I had some small bubbles on it but it went away over night.  Some people have stated this orange peel texture and Zagg said it'd go away.  I've been using the phone for 4 days now.  It still have that texture. It also isnt really finger print/face grease friendly much like the stock iphone.
B00006CXSS|5.0|As a big WW2 fan (like you probably, if you're reading this) not only did I enjoy receiving this nicely, packaged set, tin and all, the series is surely a keeper to be enjoyed more than once.  Perfect personal acquisition or perfect gift for someone who has key interest in the European conflict.  There's just not any way to mess up by getting this one.
B001AQR39O|5.0|My first impression was that Season 2 is not quite as well written as Season 1, but it definitely has a magic all of its own.    My favorite character in Season 2 is the brilliantly nuanced Lew Ashby, played so flawlessly by Anglo-Canadian actor Callum Keith Rennie. Rennie and Duchovny have excellent on-screen chemistry, perhaps partly due to them being friends in real life, having bonded during the making of the second X-Files movie.    The on-off relationship between Hank and Karen, played by 5'10\\" actress Natascha McElhone, yields many moving and entertaining moments as Hanky panky fails miserably to resist the temptations of the flesh.    I was disappointed that the interviews did not include more actors, such as the superb Callum Keith Rennie, but the main cast interviews are interesting.    If you liked the first season, you should also like 2 and 3. Duchovny rules.
B001EN71DG|5.0|I love this set!!!! I am not a StarWars fanatic, but I am a fan. My little brother and I watched the first one 6 times and would have gone a hundred more if our parents hadn't put their foot down. I am that generation. You can't mess with perfection which is why I wanted this set. I wanted the versions I saw in the theater, before George hacked them up and tried to make them better. You can't, you shouldn't!<br />Would you redo Gone With the Wind? \\"Frankly my dear, I really give a damn\\"<br />Or Casablanca? \\"Are you ready Ilsa?\\" \\"No, I'm not, I'm coming with you!\\"<br />No, you wouldn't dare!! ;P<br />Here you get the first 3 movies in all their cinematic glory along with the versions that George messed up. It actually is nice to have both so that you can compare. What you get is basically the first 3 films as they were released individually as limited edition 2 disc sets, but all in one box!!! These are classics and need to be in EVERY video library in America.<br />Enjoy and may the force be with you!!
0812550706|3.0|Young readers love this story of a young boy who is identified as a candidate for training for command in the war with the Boogers, space aliens who have been repelled once, but are coming again to conquer Earth.   The child is put through rigorous training in computer simulations and virtual reality theaters to ascertain his qualifications for command of a military force to defend Earth and even to attack the Booger's home planet.       Young people, for whom computer games and vitural reality theaters are common, will accept without qaueston the premise that a youth can become the defender of Earth.   While the tale is exciting and fast paced, it lacks verisimilatude.  Personnally, I would want the older, experienced, wiser commanders to hold my fate in the balance than a young kid who was out of diapers a little more than a decade ago.    Orson Scott Card is a prolific writer of adventure and this novel is very fast paced and will provide enjoyment, as long as you segment it from your logical, calculating left side of the brain.
0679805273|5.0|Loved this book before the baby was born and read it to him now, just end it with- so nice to meet you!
B00138EZCM|3.0|Acutally, I haven't listened yet - Just want to say that the Amazon info says that you don't get \\"Parchman Farm Blues\\" with the download (album only), but you do.  However, you don't get \\"Forget Her\\", which Amazon says you do get with MP3.    My first MP3 download from Amazon.com.  It went OK except the default is to go to i-Tunes which I don't use.  It will try to go that way and have you reconfigure to go to Media Player if that's what you prefer.  Not a big issue, just a watch out.
0596101996|5.0|Explains JavaScript with almost perfect clarity. Great for someone who is painfully confused by JavaScript.
0312360266|2.0|Much like the other reviews here, I found the aspect of a vampire boarding school intriguing. However, already within the first 2 pages, I was struck by the bizarre dialogue and slang that these teens seem to have. \\"House of Night\\" is written mainly by P.C. Cast, a middle-aged Oklahoma native who seems to have trouble understanding that most teenagers do *not* speak using words like \\"poopie\\"--not since they were 5 years old at least. That being said, it is hard to take a lot of the characters seriously when they possess the vocabulary of small children.<br /><br />With that first gripe out of the way, the story doesn't get much better. The Casts seem bent on portraying the most awesome speshul Mary Sue character even Stephenie Meyer cannot pull-off. Zoey Montgomery's character tries to hard to be likable and relatable,  but it's hard when she comes off as so judgmental and stereotypical. Let's count 1) The token gay and black character in the group are painful caricatures 2) Everyone that doesn't agree with Zoey is an ebil religious fundamentalist who are backwards and have no place in life 3) Native Americans are beautiful peaceful people who love to communicate with nature--like Pocahontas! 4) Zoey is a speshul snowflake and the ebil Aphrodite is a slut who is super jealous of Zoey's speshulness. And she has Superpowers! Take that! 5) Aaaand, this book would not be complete with several impossible handsome guys drooling at the chance to be with Zoey. Seriously. Not again.<br /><br />The plot does try hard to be interesting and mysterious, with the intricate politics of the school and the mysterious headmistress, but even the lore of the Goddess Nyx is not enough to save this book. If you liked \\"Twilight\\" and \\"Vampire Kisses\\" you may find this book to your liking, otherwise, just skip it, as the series does not get any better.
B00171AEKW|5.0|I've always been interested in reading Mein Kampf but couldn't find an English copy that suited me as far as appearance goes. It's terrible to find a copy in English only to find a massive prologue and an entire back cover paragraph telling the reader how horrible Germans are and that everything Hitler ever did was bad.     From reading thus far I've found that the man was very, very smart. Some of my ideas regarding the corruption in modern day western politics have been further explained by the begining chapters and I've actually learned quite a bit of history as well.
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|\\"Is it an animated movie?\\" my wife asked.  We were not at all sure about this movie as we began watching.  Within the first few scenes we were hooked.  We both thought this was an excellent movie and would recommend it highly.
0446691437|5.0|I recommend this book to anyone out there struggling to bring some meaning into the world and satisfaction into his or her life.  This guy writes from a writer's perspective, but he's talking about anyone - any artist or any one who has a desire to create.<br /><br />  Here is an excerpt which shows how he ties the artist's life to the real world:<br /><br />  \\"In my younger days dodging the draft, I somehow wound up in the Marine Corps. . . Marines love to be miserable.  Marines derive a perverse satisfaction in having colder chow, crappier equipment and higher casualty rates than any outfit of dogfaces, swab jockeys, or flyboys, all of whom they despise. Why? Because these candy-asses don't know how to be miserable.<br /><br />  The artist committing himself to his calling has volunteered for hell, whether he knows it or not.  He will be dining for the duration on a diet of isolation, rejection, self-doubt, despair, ridicule, contempt and humiliation.<br /><br />  The artist must be like that Marine.  He has to know how to be miserable.  He has to love being miserable.  He has to take pride in being more miserable than any soldier or swabbie or jet jocky.  Because this is war, baby.  And war is hell.\\"<br /><br />  I got a huge laugh out of that entire section, because after all my years of writing, I know how much hell it really is, rejection after rejection.  It's comforting to know I'm not alone.  Read The War of Art by Steven Pressfield.  It's a hoot and a half,  with a reverence towards art and a deep respect towards those of us still struggling to produce it.
B003JZT2AW|5.0|This is a very good compilation spanning throughout the whole band history. It's a pity that a few great songs were left behind, but compared to the previous \\"stop the clocks\\", this can be considered the \\"essential\\" Oasis collection. A big plus on this box set edition are the extra live CD and, finally, the videoclips. I got my box this week and I'm a happy man. Oasis lives forever!
030726999X|5.0|If you're the type of Stieg Larsson fan who finished the first two books of the trilogy, and couldn't wait to get their hands on the third, then you'll likely find this a worthwhile excursion. If you ended \\"The Girl Who Played With Fire\\" with serious doubts about whether you wanted to continue, then this won't assuage your doubts. And it should go without saying that this is NOT the way you want to be introduced to the series.<br /><br />The narrative takes up right where the second book left off, so that helps it get off to a good start.<br /><br />Like the second book, there's a violent shocker in the relative early going.<br /><br />But while Larsson has concocted a wrongdoing-in-high-places scenario that might constitute earthshakingly scandalous behavior by Swedish standards, it won't seem extremely riveting to those who are used to American-based conspiracy thrillers (think \\"24\\" or any number of paranoia-based movies).<br /><br />The title is a bit misleading. Lisbeth Salander isn't causing a huge amount of trouble in this installment, she's mainly reacting to events in her typically inventive fashion. In fact, compared to some of the grief she caused in \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo,\\" her goings-on are almost routine.<br /><br />Even a dialed-down Salander is the best part of the book, but there isn't nearly enough of her. While there's nothing particularly wrong with Kalle \\"F\\" Blomkvist, Erika Berger or the various law enforcement types, the book is merely entertaining when the narrative focuses on them, while it becomes riveting when Salander truly springs into action. The story is helped along by one or two returning villains whom you end up seriously rooting against (although the newer ones at the center of the conspiracy seem a bit bloodless)<br /><br />Meanwhile, there are some Swedish newsroom scenes and speeches about journalistic cutbacks that will ring eloquently familiar to those who have lamented the decline of U.S. print journalism. And there's a bit of legal drama that would undoubtedly make for some great movie scenes.<br /><br />I think it's best to consider this as Larsson intended it -- as the third section of one very long book. If you look at it in that fashion, and as a way of bringing a bit of closure to the story, and as giving yourself one last chance to hang out in this milieu, then you'll probably feel better about the experience.<br /><br />To use an analogy to pop culture phenomenon from a previous era, this ain't no \\"Return of the King.\\" However, it is a pleasureable way to pass the time, and at less than the cost of an average movie ticket, the hardcover will provide far more hours of enjoyment.<br /><br />I'm rating it five stars, because to say that I merely \\"liked\\" the book wouldn't do it justice. It's more like a Netflix four-star \\"really liked it.\\"<br /><br />It makes one wonder what exactly is contained in the partly-completed fourth installment that Larsson's surviving girlfriend supposedly possesses. At this point, I'm not sure I would drop everything and buy an advance copy of the fourth book. I'll wait for some other intrepid reviewer to tell me if the fourth installment is the one that finally fulfills the promise of this amazing character.ake for some great movie scenes.    I think it's best to consider this as Larsson intended it -- as the third section of one very long book. If you look at it in that fashion, and as a way of bringing a bit of closure to the story, and as giving yourself one last chance to hang out in this milieu, then you'll probably feel better about the experience.    To use an analogy to pop culture phenomenon from a previous era, this ain't no \\"Return of the King.\\" However, it is a pleasureable way to pass the time, and at less than the cost of an average movie ticket, the hardcover will provide far more hours of enjoyment.    I'm rating it five stars, because to say that I merely \\"liked\\" the book wouldn't do it justice. It's more like a Netflix four-star \\"really liked it.\\"     It makes one wonder what exactly is contained in the partly-completed fourth installment that Larsson's surviving girlfriend supposedly possesses. At this point, I'm not sure I would drop everything and buy an advance copy of the fourth book. I'll wait for some other intrepid reviewer to tell me if the fourth installment is the one that finally fulfills the promise of this amazing character.
B0000062FL|5.0|One of the best albums of that era - - and one of my favorites, along with Tower of Power, Aretha Franklin and the Allman Brothers ..... it sounded GREAT, and it was so much fun to listen to the whole thing again - - amazing how you remember almost every note, when something is that good!
1935814060|5.0|When I first picked up this book, my expectations were a fictional account of Gotama Buddhas life written by some German guy. When I read it what I got was one of the most moving, life changing pieces of literture of the twentieth century. This book will change the way you think. And will change the way you value your thoughts. In addition to being a good overvue of what it truely means to be a buddha, there is a great story here. This book is for anyone. Anyone who wishes to be enlightened. But don't take my word for it because...\\"Wisdom is not communicable. Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, be fortified by it, do wonders through it,but one cannot communicate and teach it.\\"
B0009P66TK|5.0|A beautiful big watch with great quality and nice details. Feels high-end all the way and looks amazing. Very nice price too. Highly recommended!
B001P06GX4|5.0|My husband got this for me for my birthday last year, I love puzzles and puzzle games.  It turned out to be one the only games every member in my family can (and loves to) play!  My 6 year old is like me with puzzles and wins the game pretty much every time.  My 4 year old loves the challenge of playing by himself and trying to get all the pieces on the board according to the rules (no same-color straight edges can tough each other).  And my 2 year old sits with me and plays putting the pieces on any way she can - works her dexterity and fine motor skills as well as her ability to see how to turn pieces so they fit.    EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE THIS GAME! (just make sure you supervise the little ones, the pieces are pretty small)
0312370849|3.0|Sarah's Key starts with a bang and ends with a whimper.  It's a \\"good\\" book, but it is about 50 pages too long. It also starts to read like a screen play, so just wait for the movie.
0143115723|5.0|As a simple story about an underdog national rugby team beating all odds to win a championship, this would be a very good story.  What makes this story great, is that team has been chosen (by newly elected South African president Nelson Mandela) as a way to unite a South Africa torn by divisions caused by decades of government enforced segregation of blacks and pave the way for reconciliation between bitter enemies. Can the Springboks, a symbol of the old segregated government, truly make their motto \\"One Team, One Country\\" come true?       If you have watched \\"Invictus\\" be assured that this book has much more of the background to the people and events portrayed by the movie.  The added detail gives one a sharper understanding of many of the principle characters in the movie and the true scope of Mandela's brilliance.      Highly recommended!
