6305252521|5.0|Jim Carry is one of the greatest actors iv ever seen act this has to be his best movie he has made in his entire career. Its about time he made a drama movie.The director of this movie had came up with a brilliant and  outstanding film if you like dramas and like Jim Carry you must see this  movie.
0871137380|5.0|Bowden's Black Hawk Down is superbly written.     It is exciting, terrifying, and wonderfully engaging.  Every word that Bowden put on the page contributes to my understanding of what it was like in 'Mog' back in  '93.  I've really enjoyed the different perspectives from which Bowden  writes.  He intertwines what a Ranger does, then tells you about a D-boy  seeing it, and how a little-birds sees the same thing from above.  The most  interesting perspective is the few segments written through the eyes of the  Somalis--some citizens and some armed militiamen--suddenly, I was forced to  think about how things appeared to them.  This book is a must read for  anyone interested in modern war, history, or unconventional warfare.  For  anyone else, it is an adventurous look at the predictament of being an  American at the turn of the century.
B0000060NA|5.0|I only wish that Stevie lived up to the promise he showed early in his career.  Unfortunately, like some others (Rod Stewart's another great example) he went the easy commercial route.  This stuff is classic and some  of the most brilliant rock n roll ever recorded.<br />And nobody mentioned  &quot;joy inside my tears&quot;.... one of my fave songs of all time.   Songs like this are Stevie's specialty, and this one does a superb job of  depicting the balancing act between happiness and despair.
B00000DD1S|5.0|Truth Is Marching In is literally that -- a marching song for a revolution.  This performance took place in 1968, by a black artist who exudes dazzling dexterity, awe-inspiring power and a great fervor.  Clearly  Albert Ayler was heralding a social revolution on the streets of New York  City, as well as a musical revolution in the souls of those who listened.   In both cases, the source was anarchy. The effect is to leave you stunned,  and profoundly changed.  We need an Albert Ayler today, in the name or  Truth.
6305234760|5.0|I have rarely seen better opera on video. Even my 8 year old daughter stayed up until 11PM to see the ending ... I only wish I had seen it in person!
B000005IZ8|5.0|I was lucky enough to see Philip Glass and his ensemble perform the Powaqqatsi soundtrack live (beneath the movie screen) a few years back at U. Penn.  While I found the movie as interesting to watch as its prequel,  it was the music that really caught my attention (to say the least).  Like  one of the other reviewers has stated, it borders on  &quot;mystical&quot;...this is truly a soundtrack that can stand on its own  from the movie itself.
B000002MFE|5.0|The live version of Layla is the best version I have ever heard.  All of the other songs are very well done.  If you want something to relax you but also get you into the mood for Eric Clapton, go for UNPLUGGED
014028009X|2.0|First, I agree with so many of the reviews!!!  Vapid, hollow, etc. But, I think the thing that bothered me most was the use of the word &quot;shag&quot; or &quot;shagged&quot;. I know the Austin Powers movie has  made it a popular euphomism, but isn't it just another word for  &quot;F---&quot;??? Are we going to replace  &quot;F---&quot; with   &quot;shag&quot; as an OK thing to say!!! See, I've already said it!!  I  guess so!!!  I am by no means a prude, but I suppose this dumb, vapid so  called &quot;Diary&quot; is better left to the younger crowd!!! And god  knows, I hope they don't follow suit!!!!
6300182266|5.0|Of course Star Trek could not take advantage of special effects technology, so it had to rely much more on storytelling ability, which Galactica often lacked, as far as the series goes.  This movie, however,  was probably the second best episode produced in Galactica's brief one-year  run, and I recommend it to anyone who is a sf fan.
006017322X|5.0|In my opinion, the greatest novel ever written
B000001Y5D|5.0|Bought this album for &quot;Whats up&quot;, and was knocked off my feet by the rest of the album.  If your looking for a whole albumn of &quot;Whats up&quot;, you will be someone disappointed, because the rest of the albumn  absolutely ROCKS!  From fast paced rock to a bluesy beat, its in here.
0375707972|1.0|This was horrible. It was dry, boring, and EXTREMELY hard to get through. The plot (what little there was of it) wandered, and at times was completely pointless. It was HORRIBLE, I am so mad I spent the money on it.  I have always enjoyed Oprah's book but next time she should just stick to  books originally written in English- there was a serious culture gap here.
0060920084|4.0|This book is superbly readable, highly critical, completely accurate and I totally disagree with his point of view - all in one! Bryson's sense of irony is superb, and given the America he sought to re-discover - the  dreamy places his father always seemed to miss when they drove around - no  wonder he was disappointed. Whoever said small-town America was going to  pretty? Paradoxically, Bryson portrays an accurate (in my view) picture of  low-down small town America, a good comparison between rich and poor and,  for an American, has a remarkable grasp of the sense of humour from ths  side of the world. I don't hold with the outward criticism, but I think his  descriptions are bang on.<br />PS - his poor father gets no favours! He seems  to have brought him everywhere when they were young, ungrateful git!
0767817478|1.0|I've been a fan of Godzilla since age 4, and I've always loved a good monster mash. So naturally, when this new big budget movie hit theaters, I was thrilled! I thought that Godzilla would be able to rise above the  limitations that he's always faced in the Japanese movies (namely low  budgets and bad dubbing) and get to show America what he can REALLY do!<br />I  saw this movie and I was in shock. This movie mocks the Japanese Godzilla.  Devlin and Emmerich turned the powerful, striding fire-storm of a beast  into a pregnant, terrified jackrabbit. It's a totally new monster who just  uses Godzilla's name to generate interest. Where's the atomic breath, the  threat of radiation? These things are Godzilla's trademarks! Instead this  lizard has the power to reprodouce like a tribble and run so fast it looks  rediculous (a 200 foot tall animal shouldn't be able to haul it faster than  a drag racer, whether its stride was huge or not.) I realize that they  couldn't have kept the original Godzilla, which the American public is too  narrow-minded to accept as a great monster, but this creature quite simply  is NOT Godzilla, no matter what anybody says. It didn't look or act like  Godzilla, and therefor is NOT Godzilla. This leezard wasn't even a threat,  it was only dangerous because a 200 foot tall lizard is eventually going to  knock some stuff over if it's in the middle of a big city. Once its babies  were killed it became a threat, but since it spent so much time tripping up  while chasing the taxi it's anger was comical, not frightening.<br />The plot  is just another re-hashing of THE BEAST FROM 20,000 FATHOMS (great movie,  BTW, a lot better than this 90's trash.) D&amp;E have claimed that they  were going for &quot;non-cheesy,&quot; which is what really killed them.  The acting is lame, I was expecting more from this all-star cast (harsh to  rip on a giant monster movie for dialouge, sure, but people sure don't  hesitate to cut down Toho's flicks for their dubbing.) The childish  blacklisting humor (Mayor Ebert and his sidekick Siskel, killing off JD  Lees because he dares to defy this movie) just proves that D&amp;E can't  take critisism (and if they keep on cranking out garbage like this they  fully deserve it.) Even the FX were pretty cheesy. This CGI cartoon doesn't  look any more realistic than the rubber suit did, and there were virtually  NO pyros to speak of. The taxi-cab scene was so utterly rediculous and lame  that not even Toho would try it. It's the kind of thing that makes me  ashamed of American movies. The monster was a wuss. I'd much rather see it  fight the military and destroy the city: it makes for a more exciting ride  and it makes the monster look like a true threat. Instead we get chase  scenes. Bah, humbug. And lastly: WHAT'S WITH ALL THE RAIN?! You can hardly  see a friggen' thing!<br />Sure, you're saying the Japanese Godzilla bent the  rules of science and had some weird plots. But Toho's plots were always  entertaining, their FX were great considering all their budget limitations,  and as for the science: well, who cares? Toho's always been aiming for  escapism, not realism. D&amp;E should have done their homework and maybe  G98 would have been a watchable movie. For the huge budget spent on this  movie, I was expecting much, much more. Don't waste your money on this.
B00000IQMT|4.0|John Williams has done it again, showing he's today's greatest soundtrack composer. The new themes are really exciting (Duel of the Fates, Anakyn's theme), the action music exhilarating (especially Panaka...), the light  music funny (Jar Jar, Augie's band) and the references to the previous  films'scores subtle and wise. The missing star is for the end titles. Where  are those greats overtures of the original trylogy? Just repeating the two  main themes in its entirety is not what we expected of Williams' genius.  Anyway, waiting for a Special Edition with the complete score.
B000002LQQ|5.0|As always, Knopfler's playing sends chills up one's spine.  It's the simplicity of it all served up with a side of shredded Chicken' Pickin'!  The solo on &quot;You and Your Friend&quot; is some of the most stirring  guitar playing I've ever heard in my life!
6302814634|5.0|The Lost Boys is truly one of the most watchable movies of the 80's. Other movies from the decade can not be watched twice and if they are it can result in sleep or a headache. The role Kiefer Sutherland played in this  film was made for him. The story and plot are very good. And this is the  only good movie a certain Corey Feidman has ever made
0780622553|4.0|This DVD experience is worth the buy.  The story is clasic science fiction, but the set design and cinematography are very cutting edge.  Just buy it..  We can't all be wrong.....
014028009X|5.0|I loved this book because Bridget's trivial life is easy to relate to. I think people are taking it too seriously, and should just take it for what it's worth. The writing style isn't supposed to be Jane Austin  worthy...this is a diary and who writes like that in a diary? I don't think  anyone says, &quot;This is exactly my life!&quot; but Bridget's thinking  processes and ways of handling situations are so true to life. Everyone  wants to be noble and do the best thing, but people like Bridget do the  realistic thing, and that's what I related to. It's a very fun read, and I  highly recommend it.
0440180295|4.0|Books (and writers, for that matter) like this are few and far between.  Never before have I been so totally compelled by a book that simultaneously made me laugh, cry and ponder at the world around me.  Vonnegut easily  balances between some dark humor and downright horrifying images with a  style of storytelling so at ease with itself.  He tells the story  matter-of-factly and, perhaps my favorite part, treats the fact that Billy  Pilgrim has become unstuck in time with such a &quot;so it goes&quot;  matter that it's easy to gloss over the sheer absurdity of much of what  happens.  However, despite being downright strange in some places, Vonnegut  also brings a very human element to the story by introducing (rather  quickly) at times several characters that you either loved or hated.  There  is one part in the novel where I am saddened to such a point that I felt  that this character was someone I had known at one time in my life.  It is  a rare and welcome surprise to be so easily manipulated by a book,  espescially by one with so many meanings and so many great quotable lines!   I strongly recoomend this book to those looking for a change of pace from  the normal.  For those of you with short attention spans, I also reccomend  Vonnegut's Welcome to the Monkey House.  These stories are treasure...
B0000057C5|5.0|This is a great cd with a mix of Heavy Metal and Techno, which Ramms+ien shows us is a great combination. The deep German voice of Till and the high voice of Flake mae for variety, and the language (German, i mean, not  swearing) is by far the coolest language there is. There aren't many curses  when transelated to English, but some of the songs are kind of sick, like  Tier, Buck Dish, and Sensuchtm but still, every single song is cool. If you  buy one cd ever, make it this one.
B00000K0DT|5.0|Whether you've already seen the film or you've just heard about it, The Usual Suspects is a must have. Kevin Spacey narrates us through various scenes in the six weeks that the five-man group are together: Spectacular  set pieces fight clever plot twists for your attention.<br />The DVD version  contains a few compression glitches with background textures but these  don't take away from the sheer enjoyment of the film. The filmmakers  commentary often refers to deleted scenes and hilarious outtakes which are,  I'm sorry to say, not included on this disc.<br />Spacey deservedly won an  Oscar for this performance - watch The Usual Suspects and see why!
B000001Y5J|5.0|If you can relate to feelings of isolation, abandonment, disgust, or outright self-destruction then this is the CD for you.  Trent Reznor seems to vividly describe the &quot;nicest parts of hell&quot; and pounds them  perhaps a little too close to home for some of us.  Broken is not for your  average person, but is definately a good CD.
B000002LRX|5.0|I just listened to this record, which I bought because it had the \\"Midnight Cowboy\\" cover on it, which I confused with \\"Everybody's Talkin'\\".  But anyway, I'm glad I got it because it's a good record.  I haven't fully  absorbed it yet, but I know there's a lot of good material on it.<br />One  song that particularly caught my attention was Be Aggressive.  This song is  just wild; it simply rocks.  The lyrics scream of things like swallowing  and submission, then these innocent(sounding), giggling cheerleaders start  singing (or cheering rather) the chorus and it's like ...surreal (or  something).<br />Anyhoo, about \\"Midnight Cowboy\\", I think they should have  done \\"Everybody's Talkin'\\" instead.  I think it would have rocked.
0790741164|5.0|There are those that criticize JFK, claiming that Oliver Stone disreguarded facts and rewrote history. True or not, this completely misses the point. Stone himself said that his intention in making the film was to  get his audience to question authority and think for themselves. The film  is presented as one POSSIBLE explanation (a combination of two separate  theories) for the unusual events leading to Kennedy's assasination, and it  actually raises more questions than it answers.  The cast is phenomenal.  The award-winning cinematography and editing are groundbreaking to say the  least. Despite your opinion of JFK's politics, the film is one of the very,  very few that I would dare say is perfect. It is the reason I am a  filmmaker, and is worth every second you spend watching it. You will never  forget it.
6301224612|5.0|I just recently saw Bruce on his 99 tour but these clips are from the 70s and 80s. These performances are fantastic and I wish I had seen him back then, his shows now are calm compared to back during his 80s heyday. (great  video highly recommended)
0783227752|5.0|This film is a tour-de-force of acting for both Anthony Hopkins and Brad Pitt.  The pacing appears slow at first but once you adapt to it it is the pacing that allows the personalities to evolve, which is something not very  often allowed in today's movies.  I found it exciting to watch both  performers; minutely observing facial expressions.
B00000JTB2|5.0|Rarely does an album get released where teacher and student aren't too shy to cut loose.  I didn't have high expectations for this one but this release is clearly an an exception to the rule.  AK and SRV are having a  great time and while SRV is in awe of the master bluesman he doesn't take  the back seat on this one because around Albert, that WOULD be  disrespectful.  AK and SRV go at it with great respect for each other and  the music.  The result is a firey session that is sure to satisfy every fan  of these two artists.  SRV is clearly the only guitar player to copy AK's  licks perfectly and it is a real treat to hear them together.  The CD is  peppered with dialogue between to two and AK acknowledges SRV as the future  of blues as if to pass the torch.  But the music is the meat here and it is  wonderful.  Recording quality is very good and the disc is about 60 minutes  in length.  If you are an Albert King and/or an SRV fan this one will be on  the top of your favorites list for a long time.
B00000J7J4|5.0|The night I bought this CD (three days ago), I listened to it for 5 straight hours. The next morning it still sounded new and fresh and live and uuuhh, Sooo great. This goes to my top 20 CD's on my deserted island  list. Carlos and friends (clapton, matthews, everlast, thomas, cherry) and  all that worked on this album have made this a masterpiece. <br />Just when I  think there is no more great music out there, Supernatural comes along and  brings great hope and message with it. Bravo Carlos. I live in Austin,  Texas and can not believe that I missed his concert in Alamo Dome a few  weeks ago, I am so disappointed to hear about this one (Supernatural) a  couple of months too late.  But for now, your music will be in our ears,  hearts and souls. You are a LIVING MUSIC LEGEND.<br />If you love someone,  listen to this album with him or her. I did (with her).
B00000JMQE|5.0|I saw this film purely by accident and was immediately taken by it.  Beautifully mounted, scary, haunting, funny, elegant, exciting and utterly charming.  It captures the spirit of the books and more.  Fairuza Balk is a  perfect Dorothy.  Totally believable... you really feel that she loves Oz  and her friends.<br />Great direction, music, sets, costumes, cast,  etc.<br />Don't miss it!
B00000JCB3|1.0|Dont buy this Cd, the songs sound the same and they are really god awful! Buyer beware.
B000002L6U|2.0|What make Clapton so disturbing to the rock fan, Iit's the fact that he is the &quot;darling&quot;from rock media, always winning the Grammies as &quot;best rock guitarrist&quot; (what about Satriani, Hetfield,  Sambora,Blackmore, The Edge, and dozens of ohters?) and &quot;best rock  singer&quot; (what about Coverdale, Gillan, Dio,Dickinson and dozens of  others?). Listening to &quot;Behind the Sun&quot;, you will not have the  faintest clue to why this happens.
B00000JCB3|1.0|Tjis CD stinks!!! Limp Bizkit is the worst band I have ever heard, they just jump and yell, and they don't even look like they know what they're doing. Plus, where'd they get the name!? Limp Bizkit, How stupid can you  get?! If you want to buy a CD, don't buy this one! Instead, try buying some  music by the Backstreet Boys, now that's real talent!
B000002U9E|5.0|It's very simple. She is the best. If you don't like her, go listen to someone &quot;more accessible.&quot; I suppose that would be Celine, or Mariah or maybe even Britney Spears. Whatever. This woman runs circles  around Tori and Sarah (both of whom should be paying Kate royalties for  stealing her act). Hounds of Love has the most amazing batch of songs, and  the b-side which is called The Ninth Wave is a haunting cycle of songs that  remain as one of her crowning achievements. Yes, The Dreaming and Never For  Ever are brilliant, but Hounds of Love is simply a masterpiece. Six years  and counting to the next one... it will be worth the wait.
0684874350|5.0|An incredible read.  If you're a bit of Irish and/or Catholic, you will find a bit of yourself among McCourt's writing.  I was moved to anger, compassion, and tears while reading this book. In spite of the McCourt's  abject poverty, Frank McCourt manages to survive and tell his tale with  warmth and humor.  I had to keep looking at his picture on the jacket cover  and saying to myself: &quot;How did this man survive?&quot;  Required  reading!!
B0000024Z7|5.0|The first three Santana albums have a lot of great moments, but the entirety of CARAVANSERAI works wonderfully as an album, not just as the sum of its' parts. It has ebbs and flows, from very soft to bowl-you- over  loud, and the band is in sync with one another in a way later editions of  Santana have rarely been (not a mean feat, considering how bad internal  relations were within the group at the time this album was made). Santana  and Schon do indeed compliment each other seamlessly, and  &quot;Chepito,&quot; Mingo Lewis and Mike Shrieve drum up a storm  throughout. Easily the best album with which Carlos Santana was ever  involved.
014028009X|5.0|and wants to laugh out loud about it.   I found this book to be really amusing and the writing style refreshing.  It covers a broad range of problems most women deal with in their everyday life -- their loves, their  jobs, their families and friends.  Helen Fielding should continue with  Bridget's stories.  P.S.  I especially liked the synopsis at the beginning  of each day with her weight and cigarette, alcohol and caloric intake.   Many of us can relate to agonizing over those issues.
B000002NIW|5.0|Around the fur its an amazing record with great guitar riffs and vocals , even tough they arent a popular band in Mexico they have become one of my favorite bands , my personal favorites are my own summer and be quiet and  drive
B00000J2KX|4.0|I agree with a previous commentator that although this is an OK film, although surely not one of Kubrick's best, the transfer to DVD is just dreadful.<br />Althopugh not containing a running director's commentary it  does have an excellent &quot;behind the scenes&quot; item which shows  mainly what a dreadful person Kubrick was.  His treatment of Shelley Long  during the making of the film, for example, is unforgivable. Even the  generally unflapable Jack was taken aback by this man.<br />Also, for some  reason unbeknownst to me, he objected to having tape or DVDs to use the  widescreen transfer. What preumptiousness!
B00000DGUG|1.0|Alanis Morissette has become an example of that strange cultural phenomena, an enormously popular superstar who is also simultaneously a perfect self-parody.  I can see why her self-absorbed, self-pitying,  pseudo-profound, formulaic lyrics might appeal to teenagers (especially  girls) who have in their lives to date heard only a small volume of  angst-filled, pretentious, &quot;I'm so sensitive and why doesn't the world  understan' me&quot;) pop music.  But for anyone with an ounce of maturity  and actual life-experience, this cd will sound more hilariously overblown  and pitiful than interesting.  Stay away from this one, folks.
6305513406|5.0|Ok, so there are only 2 episodes per disc. But hey, what about the quality? It is SUPERB. I love Star Trek, especially the newer series, but I had to check out the volumes of the original. The sound has been enchanced  as has the music, and effects, and these are in surround. As the  Enterprises flies past, the rumble begins behind you from the surround  speakers, which is amazing for a series which was originally mono. The  music score sounds incredibly pure. For all its rough edges as a series --  wobbly sets, etc -- I must admit the Kirk/Spock/McCoy banter and interplay  still shines. Next Generation et al do not have characterization even close  to this. But as I say, I love the new series .. Can't wait to see what Next  Gen, DS9 and Voyager look and sound like on DVD!!! (But yeah, interviews  would make 'em sell better!)
B00000JMOF|5.0|5 stars just because it's worth having this classic on disc. But this great film deserves a better treatment than this DVD release.  The accompanying audio comentary is pointless...it dwells more on cast  biographies, literary history and trite observations, rather than  discussing the movie we're watching, and the fine little touches that make  it a classic. From Whale's comic touches like the pathetic Fritz with his  foot-high walking stick pausing on the steps to pull up his socks, to the  &quot;Caligari&quot;-inspired sets and the poorly-painted sky backdrop,  there is plenty of interesting material on the screen on which to comment.
B000002LQR|5.0|The BEST Chili Peppers Album. So many layers.  Wonderful exploration.  Inspired my university years. WOW.
B000002JS0|5.0|wow...what a great album...i often wonder why ac/dc isn't credited for being one of the early, embryonic forms of punk rock that other bands (MC5, stooges) are sometimes labeled. check out TNT to see what i mean, and try  to remember it's 1975.<br />gotta like the bagpipes off the first track,  too...
B00000J7JO|5.0|Ok.  I love the Chili Peppers.  I love all of their albums and have them all.  I even like One Hot Minute, though it is not my favourite.  This is an incredibly groovy album and has some amazing riffs on it.  It is a great  step forward with John Frusciante.  It Rocks! it Funks! It soothes! and it  kicks my butt!  I listened to Blood Sugar Sex Magic all through University  as my &quot;study in the background music&quot; it was so deep, so many  levels.  I'm so excited that I get to start peeling the layers off of this  one.. I think that's what One Hot Minute lacked.  AMAZING!!!!
B000009ED0|5.0|At first, I bought this cd only for Bawitdaba but after I started to listen to the whole thing it became clear that Kid Rock is a very good performer and he has a lot of talent. His first cds were bad and it seemed  like he learned how to make a good record. :)
B000002L9S|5.0|My all-time favorite Madonna song, &quot;Live To Tell&quot; is the best song on this CD. Every song on this Cd is great ncluding &quot;Open Your Heart&quot; and &quot;True Blue&quot;. Every Madonna CD should have this  one on their collection.
B000002J0B|5.0|This album is fantastic. not one bad track on there. Am I the only one who actually loves &quot;The Crunge&quot;?, c'mon people, it's not that bad of a song. Other favorites of mine are: &quot;The Song Remains The Same&quot;,  &quot;The Rain Song&quot;, &quot;Over The Hills And Far Away&quot;.  &quot;No Quarter&quot; and &quot;The Ocean&quot;, have got to be the 2 best  songs on the album.
0399143904|1.0|I'd recommend this book to a recycling center, but I'd probably have to pay them to take it.  The whole plotline of this book is based on a terrorist act using the public outdoor cooling system for the Sydney 2000  Olympics.  Did anyone forget that the summer games in 2000 are going to be  held in WHAT IS WINTER FOR THE SOUTHERN HEMISPHERE?  There goes the whole  plot, eh?  The characters are bland and all use the same fake Clancy LA  slang &quot;y'know&quot; that is then passed off, in a sweet racist tone,  as 'the pre-educated language of'.  This is a novel that, in my  not-so-humble opinion, got rejected before Clancy was big and has been  repackaged with the characters we are familiar with (J. Ryan, Clark,  etc...) and is  being passed off as 'new'.  Do yourself a big favor if you  want to stay a Clancy fan:  Don't read this pile of refuse.
B00000DGUG|5.0|In Supposed Former Infactuation Junkie, Alanis gives her all to make one great CD. This CD is one of my all time favourites and I'm going mad because I think I lost it. LOL But I love mainly all of her tunes on this  Album! Keep it up Alanis!
0553278223|5.0|Ray Bradbury was not a John Campbell author. John Campbell, editor of ASTOUNDING SCIENCE FICTION magazine, launched the modern era of science fiction with his discovery of such authors as Isaac Asimov and Robert A.  Heinlein, and his insistence on scientific accuracy imprinted itself on  what science fiction became.<br />Ray Bradbury, on the other hand, had another  focus in his stories. It was Edgar Allan Poe who said that the purpose of a  short story was to translate &quot;mood&quot; to paper; Ray Bradbury's  ghostly sentimental prose did that wonderfully, and science was secondary.  At one time, science held that the planets were formed in a sequence moving  inwards toward the sun -- therefore Mars was an Earth-like world, but much  older and consequently dying. (Venus, on the other hand, was much younger  and wetter, as was believed Earth was in its youth.) Ray Bradbury set his  stories on these worlds, even after it was discovered that this specific  planetary formation theory was incorrect.  Specifically speaking, Ray  Bradbury wrote fantasy, not science fiction. (This is a fact difficult to  recognize because we've come to identify fantasy with all the Tolkien  rip-offs less imaginative authors turned out.) This is immediately  identifiable in such stories as &quot;Rocket Summer&quot; or &quot;The  Green Morning&quot;, which are scientifically impossible but written  instead as mood pieces.<br />Speculative Fiction followed Campbell. This  offered us its own rewards, and its own classics, but we've never had an  author like Bradbury again. It seems our only option is to reread his work  again and again.
0790733226|5.0|\\"Contact\\" is a fantastic movie intended to ask questions, and has a lot of fun doing it.    Some people seem to miss the point, in that they think they're being provided with answers.  This movie doesn't give  any answers.  It doesn't show \\"the alien\\", though it shows -a  representation- of an alien, from the main character's memory.  It says so  right in the dialog, but I guess that since \\"Contact\\" doesn't  come pre-chewed and digested, there are a lot of people who can't  understand it.  This movie is aimed at people who are willing to think.   Others need not apply.    What the movie -does- do is ask questions, and  really interesting questions at that.  An example: any answer to questions  like, \\"are we all alone in the universe\\" would be bogus, because  we don't know.  Instead, it asks, and shows an example, of how humans might  react to a \\"first contact\\" situation.  It asks questions relating  to science vs religion.  It speaks to us of \\"the world as it is\\"  rather than \\"the world as we'd like it to be\\".  The only thing it  adds is \\"the message\\", whatever that really is.    I've read the book, and found that this movie is one of those rare examples where the movie is better than the book.    The DVD is  fantastic, because not only do you get the awsome movie, but you get all  the commentary which allows you to extract every iota of meaning from it.   I seriously recommend this movie.
6302862949|3.0|I agree with most reviews that say this story is a little thin on the plot,but still an interesting way to spend the afternoon. Helen Mirren and Geraldine Page manage to lift it slightly... but only just.Skolomwski does  a wonderful nasty turn as the KGB point man. I liked the dance sequences  best although at the differences in style Baryshnikov appears slightly more  aesthetic...Hines seems to struggle to hold centre stage. Predictable  ending.
6302824613|5.0|That's one of the best movie ever. The Music is so Fantastic. The Story is great. All the girls are beautifull. The actors are great. The decors are so cool. And the five last minutes  are So Great.......  Austin Powers is  kind of a Casino Royale Remake....  But Casino Royale is far more better.  Please release it in DVD !!!  But Who is le Chifre ? -Nobody Knows, not  even Le Chiffre.<br />Ahead Shuttle (Ahead@caramail.com)
B000000ITC|5.0|The APP interpretation of Edgar Allan Poe's &quot;The Raven&quot; is nothing less than awe-inspiring. While the poem itself is a classic in its own right, the music punctuates all of the emotion the poem is meant to  convey. The music itself is not so much mainstream in the vein of such  classic works as I Robot, I wouldn't want to be like you, and other songs  that have seen acknowledgment in the billboard charts. However, if you  already appreciate the genius of Alan Parson's vision, this album will take  your experience to the next level.
B00000AFFI|4.0|I think we owe it to Polly Jean not to compare this record with To Bring...Love. There may not be a new story to tell, but as in fiction the voice can make or break the tale. <br />And so it is here, as always, provided  that we don't dwell on the words: Olympian fury, cascading sadness, an  aching, grinding, violent need. Yes, it is subdued, dressed up in sometimes  jarring or superfluous gothic affectations. Perhaps, as already hinted on  Dance Hall..., it no longer burns - the sound of defeat. <br />But it is this  new maturity, this note of resignation and anxiety-perfectly summed up in  the title track-that makes this record so compelling. It is that new quaver  in the famously raw soprano that makes us think of possibilities ending,  doors shutting, and fear and loneliness remaining in a cold dark room. A  fabulously Rilkean, despairing record, and almost too painfully vulnerable  considering the quasi mythical defiance of her previous work. Still, after  all these years, a revelation.
6305161879|4.0|Until I bought the dvd I'd forgotten what a good film Wanda is. So much of it is still funny after over ten years (especially the dog killing scenes) though a few bits and pieces seem longer than they did (e.g. the  less-than-hilarious scenes in Archie's house while his wife and daughter  are out). Michael Palin remains the true star but really, there's not a  poor performance anywhere.   Apart from the longeurs mentioned above, the  only bugbear - and its a minor one - is that the dvd is just a re-heated  video. I would have expected something a bit more advanced given the  potential of the new format.
6303184200|5.0|This film deserves the excellent reputation it has earned. However the version I purchased (International Film Series) has white subtitles against white backgrounds.  Only about 60% are fully readable. Other releases may  have the same problem. Do not buy this unless you speak French.
B0000027D5|4.0|I have owned the triple record set since it was first issued and to hear the clarity on vinyl is only for the die-hard record buff.  The cd version is over produced, lacking the &quot;live&quot; feeling of the allbum.  Can  you hear the drum sticks hit the floor?
0790729628|5.0|The movie edition that came out in 1982 followed a flim noir tradtion.  Most action occured at night in rain, a flawed woman was in jeopardy, and powerful forces are arrayed against the burnt out hero that must rise above  himself to meet the situation in which he finds himself.  I loved the 1982  version with the voice over.  That is film noir technique. Film legend  indicates that Scott fought the studio to kill the voice over.  He has  succeeded.  That version is no longer available anywhere, even on VHS.  I  recently paid a heavy price to get a used VHS version that is not  &quot;director's cut.&quot;  With DVD technology you should be able to have  both versions on the one you buy.  That way Scott's vision is preserved,  while the film many of us believe is the best version, and the one we saw  in '82, is available for viewing.  Scott is one of my favorite directors  and I understand his opposition to the earlier version.  Still, the film  has major changes with the later revision that were not in the first  version.  Also, added footage do not add to the story line.  In particular  the dream sequence with the unicorn seems to go nowhere.  The change of the  ending does not bother me, but it is a major change to the movie.  Ok, so  Leonard Maltin says there are several versions out there.  How about one  that is not the director's cut?
B00000JMQE|5.0|&quot;Return to Oz&quot; truly stands up as a fascinating film in its own right; to even call it a sequel to the 1939 film is silly in that is more closely suggests the original source material (the Baum books) than the MGM  movie did.  While I consider the '39 version a classic, this film captures  the dark undertone of Baum's work and creates a unique cinematic world all  its own.  The visuals owe a great deal to the original John R. Neill  illustrations, and Murch is sensitive to fans of both the books and the MGM  movie, incorporating elements from each.  Fairuza Balk is a marvellous  Dorothy; sweet and serious, with an ability to effectively portray the  poingnancy required in the early Kansas scenes.  And, in speaking of those  Kansas scenes:  what a terrific evocation of a child's gothic nightmare!   Insane asylums, evil doctors, formidable nurses, and electric shock!  Murch  beautifully sets up this Kansas world:  realistic, warm home life in a  small farmhouse and a Victorian &quot;hospital&quot; that is the stuff of  nightmare.  In fact, perhaps Murch's Kansas is almost more immediate and  real than the fantasyworld of Oz.  While he attempts to create a magical  land that is both dark and mystical, whimsical and frightening, he mostly  succeeds in moving the story along without fully interjecting  the life  into his fantasyland.  Perhaps this is the result of the animatronic  characters, who lack the warmth in their stiff faces that human beings  would have brought to the roles.  Still, the visuals are for the most part  stunning, the sequence with Mombi and her heads is exciting and terrifying,  the Nome King is effectively portrayed, and the story clips along at a  brisk place.  When the final scene in Oz occurs, however, I couldn't help  but wish for a Lion and a Tin Woodsman who exhibited a little more life.   This, however, is a minor quibble in the end.  Murch ultimately creates a  world of magic and fear that is quite entertaining, and the parallelshe  sets up between Oz and Kansas encourage further examination. Likewise, the  whole story is treated with a seriousness that is often lacking in  &quot;children's&quot; films; slapstick and silly characters are often the  focus of lesser films--but Murch understands how grave and serious children  can be at heart.  All in all, &quot;Return to Oz&quot; succeeds as a  beautiful and rich film--not perfect, but always interesting, magical, and  though provoking.
B00000K0DT|2.0|but this film is by no means a classic. The cute ending is good for a chuckle, however this is not enough to warrant repeat wiewings.
0671578278|5.0|LMB has been my favorite author for a decade now, but she just keeps on getting better!  ACC is hilarious and heartbreaking by turns, sometimes both on the same page.  The new characters are interesting, and the old  characters (esp. Ivan and the Koudelkas) are explored in more depth.  I  especially enjoyed all the references to previous books, but a new reader  shouldn't have any trouble keeping up.  I can't recommend this book highly  enough!
0964385619|5.0|Robert is one of the masters at what he teaches. This book has been an inspiration and come highly recommended to anyone young or old to pick up a copy and be totally inspired. A book about a true story has greater depth  and meaning and it is something that all of us at some point in our earlier  lives can relate to. Understanding the basics of accounting as never been  easier for all ages and lends a different twist to the world of accounting  that has confuse many of us. If you want to get better control of your  life, understanding the basics of accounting is crucial if you are to  become wealthy in your mind as well as in your pockets.
0553573403|5.0|This is the first 5 star review I have ever given on Amazon.com and it is one richly deserved.  Martin, an excellent wordsmith, has crafted a book that borrows the best from the fantasy genre while not falling into all its  traps and cliques.  Above all, it is a grim and gritty tale that eschews  the romanticism of a fairy tale.  Magic is spare but profound when  seen.<br />Creating a rich and textured world that breathes, lives, and  snatches you up the author writes above most in his or other genres.  The  last time I read a fantasy book so grand it had &quot;The Eye of the  World&quot; stamped across it.  All the magic of those early Jordan books  was invoked in this reading.<br />Great characters with all their flaws and  quirks were presented and soon they become alive.  Reviled or loved, you  will come to know them and bless or curse their actions or want to fold  them in your arms and brush away their tears.  Often I was moved by what  happened to them, honestly caring.  Often I stared at disbelief at the page  and at some twists.<br />This is a highly recommended book.  Some may be  offended by language, violence, and sexuality but it never seems gratitous.  It is a world both fantastic and real and that makes for the best in this  genre.
0380796090|3.0|This book was very very very humourous - I was laughing throughout the ENTIRE thing....there is one problem though - LIKE NOTHING HAPPENS - I think if the author had mixed her humor with a bit more plot I could have  enjoyed this 416 page novel Immensely, but I didnt
B00000IOSU|5.0|I saw Sarah at Lilith Fair and fell on love with her voice and style. I wanted a CD that captured the power of her live performance and this is it.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The Matrix is an excellent movie!  Had some of the best visual effects, EVER, and a complex story, in the midst of some awesome action scenes and stunts.  If you didn't like the story, or acclaimed lack thereof, then you  must not have understood it.  A terrific movie worth seeing many times.
031286504X|3.0|I Am Legend was compelling enough that I finished it at a moderate pace, but it wasn't as great as many people think. The story line, though probably impressive in the 50s, is a little simple by today's standards. Of  the short stories that followed, two were great, a few were ok/good, and  the rest were pathetic.<br />If you are a true lover of the horror genre then  this is a classic that you probably don't want to overlook, but it's not  the greatest
B00000ING2|4.0|The movie's middle third is unbelievably funny, and Jennifer Jason Leigh is perfect. Buscemi shows up briefly during a scene at the Beatnik bar. The DVD isn't of great quality, though. The first hint comes from the fact that  &quot;Ethan&quot; (as in &quot;Coen&quot;) is spelled &quot;Ethen&quot; in  the jewel case's blurb. As soon as you begin watching, you'll notice the  graininess in the opening shots, and some jaggies during a pan from Tim  Robbins on the ledge. The DVD is ok from then on, until you get to the  dancing sequence with the white background. So, the disc is a hack job  (maybe that explains the low price, too), but the movie is so well done you  can overlook it for all but about 10 seconds.
0920668372|5.0|I found this book by accident.  I loved it so much, I bought a copy for my mother, who loved it also.  My eyes well up each time I read it, because it symbolizes the wonderful love that only a family can generate.  I guess  some people can find reasons to fault the book...but then again some people  complain when they go to Disney World, too!  I just take it a face value.
0380973464|5.0|Cryptonomicon is a wonderful book, with both a great story and compelling use of words.  Stephenson's use of simile is right up there with Raymond Chandler.  Ignore the criticism of the ending. Just buy the book and enjoy  it.
0780626494|4.0|I have never laughed so hard at a &quot;PG-13&quot; movie! I passed this one over due to the fact that it had Alicia and Brandon in the movie (combine that with the rating and that usually spells Junior High Humor).   But I was swayed when I learned that Christopher Walkin played the father.   I was pleasantly surprised by the storyline, and everyones performance (I  am actually beginning to like Mr. Fraiser now).
B00000K2SC|4.0|The special effects and the plot was pretty good. But I hate it when you see one guy with one gun shoot like 20 guys with guns without even reloading his gun. But its still a pretty good film and its worth watching  at the cinema deffitinetely but I can't see much point in buying it unless  you have a DVD player with a wide screen TV.
B00000IP2L|3.0|the production on this album is horrible.  while each song on book of shadows is crafted to perfection, he wasn't kidding when he said they were all drunk while recording Sonic Brew it sounds, and the album suffers  because of it
B000002UAO|5.0|I'm sick and tired of seeing the beatles bashe off by people like this &quot;music fan&quot; ( 15 Aug) below me ! They were far more influential than the Stones , although the Stones are a good band . Considering this  record , except &quot;Michelle&quot; and &quot;Wait&quot; it's flawless .  It was the first record to be produced as a whole , isn't that influential  !?
6304196938|5.0|As the first true &quot;action&quot; movie, one might argue that &quot;North by Northwest&quot; has a lot to answer for.  Let's face it--many of the conventions Hitchcock uses here have been used and re-used  by scores of wannabe directors since the movie's 1958 release.  The  falsely-accused man (&quot;The Fugitive,&quot; &quot;The  Negotiator,&quot;).  The mysterious blonde with ambiguous loyalties  (&quot;Into the Night,&quot; &quot;Snake Eyes&quot;,  &quot;Chinatown&quot;).  The lone hero with an incredible serendipity  factor (&quot;Die Hard,&quot; &quot;Pee-Wee's Big Adventure&quot;).  The  famous backdrops (every single James Bond movie except &quot;License to  Kill&quot;).  Why do we find these old chestnuts so compelling, time after  time?  Perhaps because they were once done so well...<br />On a side note, I  do believe this movie contains just about the most romantic three minutes  in movie history, during the scene in the train compartment.  Notice how  their hands are always in the shot?<br />All in all, this movie represents one  of the three best ways you can spend two hours.  I forget what the other  two are.
0767822617|5.0|This is truly one of the classic movie romances.  I think it was Sidney Pollack (the director) who said in an interview that the lasting and memorable romances are the ones in which the lovers DON'T get together  (i.e. CASABLANCA).  That is certainly true in this film.<br />Streisand is  very good.  Arthur Laurents has tailor-written a role that combines her  FUNNY GIRL codependency with her legendary outspokenness.  Redford gets to  play the golden boy again, but with a darker side.  He is very good as an  insecure &quot;popular guy&quot; to whom things come too easily.<br />I think  people like this film because it takes us back to high school and college  when there was the &quot;popular&quot; people and the geeks.  This film  matches the geek with the all-american boy and examines what happens when  these two try to make a relationship work.<br />The last scene is the classic  scene.  I can't watch it without crying.  I think we can all relate to  someone we love, but can't have.  And it doesn't help that Babs starts  singing that great Marvin Hamlisch song when the movie is over!  Ahhhhhhh!  Get out your hankies!!<br />P.S.  Here's hoping the DVD version of this film  includes the cut scenes and some bonus stuff! (and PLEASE --- widescreen!!)
B000002C1W|2.0|this sounds like a david gilmour solo record. sure i'd be the first to tell you that roger waters is an egocentric ass, but without him, there is no pink floyd. no, let me clarify that--without waters and gilmour  TOGETHER, there is no pink floyd. so, i guess that means pink floyd is  dead...let's put this one to bed.
6303421563|5.0|&quot;Leon&quot; is one of the best action film. This film was released in 1994. This year is birthyear of Tarantino's &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot;. Both films is sumptuous feast for all people who like cinema. &quot;Leon&quot;  is story about love. Love and care given to little girl Mathilda by killer  (cleaner) Leon. I would glad to give six stars for this movie.
B000002MU3|1.0|You can read here the divided opinions about this album. I agree that what for a lesser band would have been a pretty good album is, for REM, a weak one--simply because they tower so high over most groups. I've been  listening to them since the beginning (1982) and these songs here do not  stand out; they blur and the album goes blaring by with little that emerges  long enough to stick in your ear or lodge in your memory.<br />As a whole,  while a departure from a rut is fine, this is a detour that makes REM seem  as if (like U2 at a similar time in their career)they're trying too hard to  catch up with the younguns. If you can find a tape of the Monster '95 tour,  however (such as their Milton Keynes, England, show), the songs stand out  much more, due to an arena rock, feedback-laden delivery that suits them  better. Not that I think REM's the best band to do arena rock (not a  favorite genre of most longtime, knowledgeable REM fans, I'd guess), but it  is the proper venue for what on this record sounds trebly, grungy, and just  macho blustering.
0800141385|5.0|Wow. One usually becomes a Streisand fan after seeing this movie. I certainly did. Streisand's movie debut begs the question: &quot;Is a nose with deviation such a crime against the nation?&quot; (sung by Fanny Brice's mother in the film). Barbra is Fanny is Barbra. When Streisand as Fanny tells Omar Shariff as Nick that he made her feel &quot;beautiful&quot;, who can not love this woman?<br />The new DVD includes a restored version of the film and an incredibly clear soundtrack.  Unless you saw the limited theatrical release this summer, then you have probably never seen FUNNY GIRL in its widescreen presentation.  For years I had watched a faded pan-and-scan VHS version.  Barbra's hilarious business of straightening her dress in the &quot;You Are Woman&quot; scene is completely cut out in pan-and-scan!  Director William Wyler shot the film with a lot of widescreen compositions that the pan-and-scan versions always butchered.  Thank you, Columbia, for this restored, widescreen DVD!<br />I remember watching THAT'S ENTERTAINMENT and seeing highlight clips from famous musicals. They showed &quot;Don't Rain On My Parade&quot; from FUNNY GIRL ...Barbra on the tug boat holding that note (&quot;Paa-aa-raaaaaad-de&quot;) as the camera revealed the Statue of Liberty. I was thrilled.  The DVD contains a theatrical short that shows behind the scenes footage of how they shot the entire &quot;Parade&quot; number -- really incredible footage!<br />The movie's second act, a bit slow, gives Streisand the chance to show her acting chops!<br />&quot;My Man&quot; at the movie's end features a &quot;live&quot; Streisand vocal as she cries on stage then triumphantly finishes. That scene won Barbra the Oscar. It is truly incredible.<br />I am disappointed that the DVD did not include more of the scenes I've always heard about but never seen.  The AFI tribute (on ABC earlier this year) remains the only place you can see scenes from the Swan Ballet number that were cut.  Also, I wish therewas a Streisand commentary.  Can you imagine the reflections about making this film that she could share?<br />People who see FUNNY GIRL are the luckiest people in the world.
0767824571|5.0|... I would!  This movie is a comedic masterpiece.  I cannot count the times I have seen it, and every time it gets funnier and funnier.  Just thinking about parts of the movie makes me chuckle ... I don't even have to  be watching the movie to enjoy it.  This movie stays with you!  To me, the  funniest part of the entire movie is the Castle Anthrax ... any man in his  right mind would give anything to be in Gallahad's shoes!  If you enjoy  British humor ... or any silly humor, for that matter ... SEE THIS  MOVIE!!!!
6304618352|4.0|I think this is one of the best action movies I've ever seen
0767819594|5.0|I would recomend this movie to anyone. . . well, under the age of 50.  Grandmothers might be shocked by the abundance of sex.  =)  But, with Ryan Phillippe, Reese Witherspoon, and Sarah Michelle Gellar - who can resist?
B000002J20|2.0|My recollection from listening to this over twenty years ago was that it failed to live up to the total concept experience it was supposed to be, and instead ended up being derivative of other Yes works. There are points  where you think they're about to kick it up to notches unknown as the great  Emeril says, but then they fall way short and grab a riff from earlier  works. Again, this is working from twenty-some year old memories, but the  impression of it has remained through the years.
B00000JPH6|5.0|This movie is a must-see!  It has been one of my favorites ever since the very first time I saw it, at the age of eight.  It releases a fantasy world inside you unlike any movie today is able to do.  It is an absolute  classic!
B000001DYY|5.0|Disclaimer: I am a big FFTs fan and therefore specially disposed to like Roland Orzabal's music.  I believe he is the brains behind the music for all their albums.  The songs on this cd strike me as original, exciting and  highly expressive.  I hope Roland Orzabal will continue to compose.
B00000K3UU|3.0|Big Daddy was an ok movie, it probably would have been better if they hadn't shown all of the funny parts in the previews.
B00000IONU|5.0|(Go see the Bellrays review for Part 1)  It just amazes me that no one else has anything to say about this record.  It's been out for MONTHS and its so damn good it makes a man cry just to get thinkin' about it.  The  blur, the flash and dazzle, the White Stripes, baby, THE WHITE STRIPES!!!   Honestly, I'd never so much as heard of these folkz affore I got lissened  to the L.P. in a record store a couple months ago. (Fallout Records,  Seattle, WA.  Give them all your money.  Come down from Vancouver to buy  U-Men records.  Call them on the phone and act retarded.)  &quot;THE WHITE  STRIPES,&quot; the nice record store lady said.   A mysterious, somewhat  sinister two-piece that comes to you via the impeccable taste and  unflagging dedication of Long Gone John and his SYMPATHY FOR THE RECORD  INDUSTRY label.  What we got here is a boy, a girl, a guitar, a rudimentary  drumkit, and a Led Zeppelin fixation  like the Aswad High Dam.  You take  all that, you stuff it through the rama-lama-fa-fa-fa with more cheap speed  than a normal ninth-grader can handle and you will most definitely get you  somma that WHITE STRIPES.  I mean, you will get you some wailing, banging,  sex-starved, all-American ACCIONE DU ROCK like yer daddy done told you  'bout.  Plus, that songwriting (read &quot;riff architecture&quot;) is the  doggone duck's mittens!  (Like you're even gonna care, what with the  gosh-darned rock-n-rolling they got all over this thing, but still...)  The  Stripes, like a lotta the new breed blooze punx, knows the value of them  thar empty parts in between the cruncy bits.  They got what the eggyheads  like to call &quot;Dynamics&quot;.  It means that they can kinda lay back  like a little kitty cat sometimes, affore they jump up and rock yer flabby  ass all to hell.  (I'm not talkin' about all that malajusted EMO sh!t  either.  Those folks ain't got &quot;Dynamics&quot;, they's just not takin'  their medication.)  Whoo-ee, kids, I said &quot;Dynamics&quot;.  That's  were you gotta be for the big millenium.  That's what really sells it out  in the cheap seats.  If you still ain't got the drift, take a lissen to  &quot;The Big Three Killed My Baby&quot;, and let that school you on up.  It's got something for the whole fambly!!  Smartypants lyrix, swell  dunderhead riffage, and that amazing  Bon-Scott-choking-to-death-on-his-own-vomit VOICE.  If Robert Plant coulda  singed like that, Led Zeppelin might have even sold a few rekkids.  The  side-two opener (vinyl, baby, it's gotta be) &quot;Broken Bricks&quot; is  likewise AOK, just a-buildin' and a hollerin' until it EXPLODES all over  the place at the end like Ron Fugg'n Jeremy.  AND they cover that  Gin-U-Wine classic &quot;St. James Infirmary Blues&quot; without even  screwing it up.  Just pie-ano, vocals, and a long blue line of cold chills.   Spooky-ooky, baby.  I dunno, there isn't a whole lot more I can say about  The White Stripes, and I'm stretching my powers of observation as it is.   Honestly, if you don't already dig this strain of hingeless gutter spew,  the White Stripes won't convert you.  BUT if you like it neat, cheap, and  served in a dirty glass, the. WHITE STRIPES gonna set you up fine.
079284209X|5.0|too all of those who didnt like this movie: take a freakin film class and watch it again. learn what a good film is.
6303433766|5.0|Ran across this movie by chance at the bookstore.  Was simply captivated by the performances of Lynskey and Winslet.  How two unkown actresses (at that time) could act with such depth and conviction astounded me.  The  directing talent of this film is top notch.  Lynskey is unforgetable, I've  watched this movie several times just to see her magic on the screen.   Highly recommend.
0684867621|1.0|I simply felt the story had alot of potential but never got off the ground. There was a number of moments when I thought &quot;ok, here we go, it's &quot;King Time&quot;&quot;, and the moment went away. The drive of  the writing was something of a Stephen King who seemed uninterested in  embelishing or even finishing the story at his usual level of excellence.
B00000K19E|5.0|I like it, I love, and want some more of it
1573226521|5.0|I picked up this book a couple weeks ago, knowing the movie will be out soon, and I wanted to read before I saw the movie.  The book was fantastic!  I read it in less than a week.  I couldn't put the book down.  And that  hardly ever happens.  Usually I start a book, and then I get bored with it  and stick it back on my shelf.  But not The Beach.  I had to keep reading.   I  felt like I was actually apart of the book, and the characters were well  thought of.  The last few chapters are very shocking.  During the whole  book there are so many unanswered questions, and the end explains it all.   Well done Alex.  Keep up the good work!
B000002699|5.0|Given the line-up here (including a substantial delegation from the remarkbale 63-64 lineup) you'd expect nothing but excellence. And this album delivers the goods in spades. I don't even fancy fusion but this  record would be on my desert-island five list.
B00000DGUG|2.0|Having loved JLP, I was hanging out for Alanis's second album. However, given the time and attention to detail she supposedly lavished on SFIJ, it is musically repetitive and sloppily written. What happened to the  incisiveness of the first album? She need not have recreated JLP, but I  think she went too far in the other direction trying to avoid doing so...
B00000DLV1|5.0|It must have felt great for the band to get into that wild drumming solo, sudden speedup at the end of Sour Times and just, for once, let everything go.<br />Portishead should do this more often.
B00000JZC4|5.0|Filter new cd is great. It has some great rocking tunes and I'm glad that they finially came out with a new one. What's different about this one compared with their debut album is that it has some songs that have a new  sound for filter. They are a little more melow but still are great, and as  for the other songs, they ROCK. Pick this one up NOW!!!
B000000W71|5.0|Someone who works in my wife's office heard some Walter Trout on her CD player and brought in &quot;Blues Alive&quot; for us to try out. What an excellent CD! Of course I had to feed my blues appetite and ordered several  Gary Moore CD's right away, including this one. I have to give it an A+  rating. From the mellow tracks to the ripping solos Gary Moore manages to  fuse his rock background with some great &quot;heart-felt&quot; blues into  a style all his own. I am very impressed with how many tracks were original  works, proving himself as not only a performer but an excellent writer as  well. Well Done!
B00000ILBK|1.0|HAVE THE BORG INVADE THE ALPHA QUADRANT WITH A FLEET OF ABOUT 25,000 CUBES AND BATTL EIT OUT WITH THE FEDERATION/DOMINION/KLINGNONS/ROMULANS/CARDASSIANS/BREEN/AND EVEN SPECIES  8472.  THAT WOULD BE GREAT AS LONG AS IT DOESNT HAVE A 1 MILLIONTH OF A  SECOND BATTLE SEQUENCE LIKE GARBARECTION.
B000005J56|5.0|If you're not in love with someone now, find  somebody to love and play the Buena Vista Social Club over and over and over again while you  slowly move to the subtle rhythms and beats. This is a keeper!
0425170349|5.0|This was my first Clancy expedition and he didn't let me down.  I think I'm hooked.  John Clark is a great character.  The kind of guy that we want out there but are afraid to unleash.  The story kept me reading all night.   The way Clancy layed out this global terrorism was great.  An International  SWAT Team...It doesn't get any better.  The length was not a problem.   Ignore the negative reviews and go out and get this one.  If you love a  coldhearted warrior with some conscience (and a sense of humor...the ending  sequence) you'll love Rainbow Six.
B000005J08|5.0|This is a shock to the system the first time you hear it, then at some point the humor in the music becomes more evident.  Zorn has an interesting mind, and unlike the jazz dullards who exhibit technique for its own sake,  has something to say and a unique, powerful way of saying it.  I think that  this album is hilarious and bracing, the way that having an avalanche fall  on you is bracing.  Not for your elderly maiden aunt as background  music--this one demands your full attention, and jazz needs more music like  that these days.
0385486804|2.0|Well, this book is different, I guess.  My 6th grade teacher made me read it, along with many other books.  I don't think that that the character deserves to be glorified.  He had no respect for his family, his life, and  the wilderness.  He actually believed that he and a bag of rice could brave  the Alaskan wilderness.  As always, the wilderness overcame.  He got what  he deserved.  The best part was the little paragraph on the back cover  about the author, because I couldn't wait to get there.  The book was very  slow.  There was a lot of gobbely-gook, and the writing was nothing  special.  I would recomend this to someone who has read every other book on  earth.
B000002AEN|5.0|This is one of the most beautiful albums ever recorded. Hurt is one of a very few musicians in recorded history (Thelonious Monk is another) who has a totally unique, personal style and vision which dominates every note of  every song.  His guitar playing is masterful and his vocals are warm and  evocative.  But these facts do not prepare you for the beauty and supreme  artistic achievement of these recordings, which stand with the greatest  cultural achievements of the 20th century.
6304071868|4.0|You have to hand it to director Richard Attenborough--it's not every man who could turn one of World War II's more spectacular failures into one of Hollywood's best war movies. Where Operation Market Garden failed was its  planners' refusal to look at the campaign from all sides--to consider  controllable factors like Nazi troop movements as well as uncontrollable  factors like the weather. What makes &quot;A Bridge Too Far&quot; succeed  is its use of point of view--it shows the war from the perspective of the  Allied commanders and soldiers, the Nazi command outpost and its  megalomaniacal brigadier general (Maximilian Schell), and a father and his  teenage son who were spies for the Dutch resistance.  This balance of  viewpoints builds up a sense of suspense, even though you know how the  campaign is going to end.<br /> In addition to the major triumphs and  disasters of the campaign, the film brings victory and failure down to a  personal level. In one of most striking scenes, parachutes drop down in a  surreal ballet that ends with the first-person perspective of a soldier  hitting the ground with a thud that knocks the breath out of him. It's the  careful attention to details like this that have made &quot;A Bridge Too  Far&quot; a war movie that even those who aren't military buffs can  appreciate.
B0000067L3|2.0|This album combines really fine performances with some of the most unlistenable stuff ever committed to vinyl.  Come on, even you fans must admit that you skip over some of the Jack Bruce filler here.  When they  stick to the blues here they are great, but otherwise....this should have  been a one record set when released.  It is unfair to the novice who might  read these reviews to pretend that this is some sort of tremendous  masterpiece from start to finish.
B000003S5H|5.0|I bought it. I listened to it. I read the reviews. But im still not sure whether this is an actual album made by two french guys, or if it is a piece of my soul ripped from my body and rearranged in the format of an  audio cd.  I think it is the latter.  If it isnt then, well, those guys  that made it must be able to look inside my soul or something.  This has  had the same effect on my listening tastes that &quot;The Matrix&quot; had  on my viewing tastes.  Of course some people dont like this album because  they are afraid of feeling something, afraid of surrendering to the music.   They can sing along with Britney Spears until their mouths bleed for all i  care.  This album is my god.
B0000009SG|1.0|Up until this album, Frank had been consistently great and uncommercialized.  This was the turning point, the start of the long slow slide into slicker mediocrity.  The song lyrics no longer mattered, were  not thought provoking, and his music no longer had a huge impact on one's  mind and one's life.  With this album, he became a commodity like everyone  else in rock.  What a let down.
6305470448|5.0|I really enjoyed this film for its originality, wonderful screenplay, good editing and the acting is superb: Paltrow, Fiennes and Dench. I saw it twice until now.
B00000J7J4|5.0|My first Santana CD.  Carlos opens a whole new world of music for me.   I guess I had to look back 20-some years to find an artist who plays what I wanted to hear in music.  One of the few CD's that you can listen to the  first time and not want to skip forward or turn off half way through.  I  think genius is not an overstatement.
B000002A3T|1.0|Well, I've been a Floyd since I was 14 years old, which gives me about 6 years with their music.  Personally, I love Pink Floyd, they are(or should I say were)incredible.  For unfortunately the &quot;Division Bell&quot; is  weak as hell.  It is however the perfect album to listen to if your taking  a nap.   When I listen to this album I feel like I'm listening to 3 guys  trying to sound like Pink Floyd rather than being Pink Floyd.  It lacks so  much in so many ways.  For example you know that dark and mysterious sound  of classic floyd??  Well Dave Nick and Rick have completely !@#$ed it  up.... Im sorry Its just to...imitation, no originality...It sucks, and its  a shame.   To David, Rick, and Nick,        If you happen to see Roger, do  whatever you have to do to get him back.  Give my Generation a taste of  what real Rock is.  Before its to late.  You never know when one of you may  kick the bucket.  I'm sure Paul, George, and Ringo didn't expect Johns  fate.  You guys know you'd like to work together again so swallow your  pride, You guys are Legends, set a good example.
B000001GQJ|5.0|Overall, this is a wonderful CD. Considering she was only 20 years when she recorded most of these pieces (the Liszt Sonata was recorded ten years later in 1971), Ms. Argerich's achievement takes one's breath away all the  more. The Chopin on this CD, however, exhibits the same &quot;horse without  a bridle&quot; approach which, while it works very well with Liszt's  Rhapsody and Prokofiev's Toccata, does not go well with Chopin at all.  Perhaps this is a combination of a fiery temperament and the drinking of  gallons of strong coffee during recording sessions. In any case, Ms.  Argerich's more or less uncontrolled approach to Chopin is best exposed  when compared with Juana Zayas's even more fabulous account of the  Barcarolle, Preludes, and even Etudes (though Ms. Argerich has yet to  record the entire cycle). As for the rest, Ms. Argerich approaches  perfection more closely than any other. She plays with personality but  doesn't obscure the music by gimickry. She dazzles with substance.
0783228317|5.0|I've seen this movie while being bored, touring paris, France. Frankly, I did not want to go to this movie I wanted to go play in an arcade but since Johnny Depp was playing in it ,I had let my friend talk me into seeing the  movie. This movie is probably the most enjoying movie I've seen in ages.  Since then, I saw this movie another eleven times and each time I find new  details I've missed before. You do not have to master the dark world of  narcotics in order to be amused by this film, although I think it might  help (the script mentions stuff I've never heard of in my narcotics class  at med school). Both acteurs captured the essence of being junkies, you'd  laugh just seeing them move. This film does not recomend using drugs, it  just shows the othentic and hilarious life of a junkie. May I add that the  french did not seem to understand the humor, but my friend and I ripped our  bellies laughing for them. In short, this is a warm hearted recomendation.
B00000DFRS|5.0|I cannot believe how America would ignore this great album and go for garbage like Britney Spears. There are many gems on this album. Get it! That's all I can say...
B000002JST|5.0|THis album really was the first one which showed AC/DC reaching their zenith. What one can say about an AC/DC album with &quot;Whole Lotta Rosie&quot;, &quot;Problem Child&quot;, &quot;Let Thebe ROck&quot;,  &quot;Hell ain't a Bad Place to Be&quot; ? ONly that it's one of their  best!!!! Pure rock stuff!
0441003257|5.0|Wild and wonderful, from the characters' names (i.e., Anathema Device) to the whole mind-blowing concept. It helps to be an anglophile, but that's not really necessary. In fact, the only thing necessary is to be able to  read. When is the audiotape coming out? A blind friend of mine wants it!  (The teenager who reviewed it with a wish to see a movie version had a good  idea, but I think it will be possible only with a mixture of live actors  and animation, and the cast of Monty Python.)
0425170349|1.0|Don't waste your money on this book.  This book is terrible!  Since I read &quot;Sum of All Fears&quot;, I've anxiously awaited each new Clancy book.  Not anymore.  I've likely read my last Clancy.  He should be ashamed of  himself.
B00000J7S8|5.0|ONE OF THE BEST OF THIS DAY= JUST A TOP CD O BE IN THE MOOD FOR LOVE LISTENING TOO GREAT CD
0451169514|3.0|Though not a great piece of literature, It does make for a good summer read.  However, 200-300 pages could have been left behind.  The repititios character description quickly becomes boring.  (Richie's jokes, and Bill's  stuttering are crucial to the plot, but annoyed me after a few hundred  pages.)    The best part by far is the supernatural presence.  Clearly  inspired by H.P. Lovecraft, the stories last chapters are the best.  Though  not for everyone, the final showdown with It becomes a weird twist of  reality.
B00000K2SE|1.0|The most incomprehensible plot since 'Mission Impossible'. I mean, what the hell is going on? How dare they subject us to this? The only nice thing I can say about the movie is Laurence Fishburn's voice &amp; diction.  Otherwise, awful!
6304981635|5.0|absolutely the best lee has ever starred in before  his death in 78.  this movie was the only one in which we see bruce lee speaking an english tongue.  unlike his other movies produced before this one,  enter the  dragon became much more of a hit in the  U. S. because of its staging in  hong kong along with an international cast of world champion fighters.  the  movie is one of a rather large budget, and lee himself knew that any  chinese produced movie of his would not make the big screen like enter the  dragon did. hollywood helped lee to be a success because the funding got  the film to be seen.
0767835107|5.0|In this feverishly sexy film full of love,betrayal,and a lot of twisted humor.Sarah Michelle Gellar shines as the beautiful seductress hell bent on making everyone love her.This movie is wonderfull and destined to become a  classic
B000002ITK|2.0|Two stars, count them 2. It's not even worth that much,I'm being generous.Too many live cuts,if you want live music then buy a live album.What I wanted was a greatest hits cd and I didn't get one.I can think  of better songs that could have been put on this disk.Two stars... one for  each good song on this so called &quot;GREATEST HITS&quot; cd.
B00000IQBL|5.0|Forget the overwrought histrionics of Platoon and The Deer Hunter; only the understated storyline and superb performances of Full Metal Jacket convey the dehumanizing crush that lies at the heart of the Viet Nam  experience.  Nearly every scene in the movie is extraordinarily memorable.   The disjointed nature of the film conveys a true sense of the rootless  existence that is life in the combat zone.  The comic relief provided by  Hartman and Joker are in perfect juxtaposition to the intrinsic weightiness  of the subject matter.  Lee Ermey should have won the Academy Award for  comedic brutality for his portrayal of the prototypical USMC drill  instructor.  Everything from characters such as the by-the-numbers Colonel  at the mass grave to the encounters with various prostitutes gives this  film the ring of authenticity.  Kubrick supresses his own judgements and  provides the audience with the best Nam movie ever made!!!
0440219078|5.0|i'm 14 years old, and had to read this book for school as a summer reading list assignment.  i thought it would be boring, but it was great!  it was easy to understand (even though the world they live in is way different  than our modern world), and only takes a few days to read.  trust me.. it's  a great book!
0780622553|2.0|First off, I'll say that this was entertaining enough at first viewing, and visually it was indeed very good.  Certainly worth a watch on a slow Saturday night, if you're prone to such things.<br />BUT - This thing has more  holes in it than the Eagles' defensive line.  Fundamentally a DIRECT ripoff  of BladeRunner (a dark, moody retro-futuristic piece fundamentally  concerned with the question of a soul, and it's relationship to memories.)  it tries to add some new twists, and IMHO, fails miserably due to internal  inconsistencies, Deus-ex-machina manipulation and comletely unexplained  premises.<br />The strangers are in decline?? Huh? if they can 'tune' are they  in decline? Why would having a soul change that? Without any  explanation/motivation, they're just 'bad guys'. Murdoch wakes up (as do  others, sometimes). Huh? How? Why? Accident?  Murdoch can tune. Huh? How?  Why? The entire redemption of humanity hinges on this - is it too much to  ask for at least a _little_ justification? [aside: far more interesting  would have been to have had the murders memories implanted, and have his  'soul' reject the graft as being incompatible - this would have been _much_  more supportive of the premise]<br />Glossing over details is OK sometimes,  but these things are fundamental and central to the plot and theme.  <br />Finally, after the movie establishes that human identity is easily  maniuplable via altering memories, Murdoch gives the old holier-than-thou  'You were looking the the wrong place' line. AAAARRRRRGGGGHHHHH. This is  completely unsupported by the movie - NOBODY behaved in any fashion that  showed any 'humanity' that transcended their memories<br />Maybe I'm ripping  this harder than it deserves simply due to the dominance of over-the-top  reviews here, but Lordy, this thing is flawed.
B00000JZC4|3.0|If I hadn't been waiting for almost 4 years for the release of this record, I might be more impressed.  A good album, but it lacks most of the character that made Short Bus a landmark recording.  My greatest  disappointment is the fact that the single of Welcome to the Fold release  for radio play is SUBSTANTIALLY different than the track on the album; it  plays a bit slower (spanning over 7 minutes) than the radio version, and  loses a great deal of its power.  All in all, a welcome addition to my  collection, but far too long a wait for a non-monumental release.
B00000JZC4|5.0|I just picked up this album knowing full well that the wait was definately going to be worth it.  &quot;Welcome to the Fold&quot; on the radio is just a sample of what is in store; this whole album rocks.  The technological  genius of Patrick is undeniable.  Outstanding accomplishment, guys.   Highest possible recommendation.  Get to the nearest music store now and  purchase the power that is Filter.
6305311463|5.0|Lots of people have criticized this movie for its wall-to-wall action, special effects, etc.<br />What I saw was a tale of men who tackled impossible odds and the lives they saved.<br />the scenes between Bruce Willis and Liv  Tyler were soooo well done.  He played a father who loved his daughter  enough to do typically crazy father things (like shooting at her  boyfriend)... ;-)<br />The cast was awesome.  The actors stuck to their parts  and fleshed them out...the characters themselves were believable.  This  made up for the unlikely ending (they won) and the questionable special  effects (but hey, look at Start Wars sometime...).<br />I'd say, this is one  helluva movie.
0385493800|1.0|Big Deal!  The author captures our attention with a couple billion dollars and a suicide but there is no finish.  The book slides down to a flat conclusion.  Grisham goes to great length to paint the surviving family  members in a bad light, so couldn't they have wreaked some damage in the  interest of suspense or just plain villany?  Save your money. Or better  yet, read &quot;Pillars of the Earth&quot; by Ken Follet,  or for a good  laugh, &quot;Gold Coast&quot; by Nelson Demille.
6305470464|5.0|This movie kind of reminded me of some of Neil Simon's stuff...only not as contrived.  It made me cry, which Titanic didn't.  Excellent performances all around.  Jon Stewart is my new favorite man!  Shaun Connery and Gina  Rowlands were wonderful also. The young couple(sorry can't remember the  actors names)was so sweet and funny..sigh.  The ending made me want to  watch the thing all over again, which I did.  A wonderful story.  If you  liked &quot;As Good as it Gets&quot;, you will like this.
B000003TA4|5.0|Nevermind will always remain a timeless classic, and if you stilllllll don't own it, get it.
B000002UD0|5.0|I think that this is John's best solo work.  The Plastic Ono band is a close second, but I think Walls and Bridges clearly wins out.  What You Got, Surprise, Surprise (Sweet Bird of Paradox) and Nobody Loves You When  Your Down And Out are my favorites from the album, but all the songs are  great.  Even Beef Jerky is fun and Ya Ya shows a touching moment between  father and son.  My highest recomendations.
0385484518|4.0|&quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; is an absorbing novel that displays Mitch Albom's true strength, reporting what he hears and sees with accuracy and feeling. Through his last days Morrie works with his 'student' trying to  communicate what he sees as the most important aspects of life -  relationships. The interaction with others builds the identity you call  your own. Ironically the pages turn quickly but when the read is over,  there is a sense of loss... and absence. When Morrie is gone, Albom seems  to miss the fundamental point of Morrie's message. We become an integral  part of everyone with whom we connect, and they of us. The search for what  it means ends when one of the players stops participating. By definition,  when we share our feelings of loss, we change the variables. That's life.  Great story, well reported.
0553565915|5.0|In June 1999 my 10-year old nephew was hit by a car and killed.  My sister (his mother) gave me this book to read.  90% of all my questions and fears were answered by Betty Eadie.  I no longer find it quite as painful to live  when someone I love is no longer with us.  I have no doubt that Danny will  live forever and is with us always.<br />Thank you Betty for sharing your  story.
0380002930|5.0|There is a reader on this list who read to page 7 and stopped.  IT makes me sad that anyone would do that.  This book really puts a good perspective on humans.  READ IT!
B000002HRE|3.0|If &quot;Reload&quot; is supposed to be a continuation of &quot;Load&quot;, somehow it doesn't live up to its predecessor.  &quot;Load&quot; was somewhat more adventurous whereas &quot;Reload&quot;  sounds the same more or less.  The best tracks are &quot;The Memory  Remains&quot;, &quot;The Unforgiven II&quot;, &quot;Better Than You&quot;,  &quot;Prince Charming&quot;, &quot;Low Man's Lyric&quot;, and of course  &quot;Fuel&quot;.  The rest of the other tracks are more or less filler.  Still, &quot;Reload&quot; is worth a listen whether or not Metallica has  sold out (which I could care less...).
B00000JMG7|5.0|It really is a fantastic album, it captures everything about the man that i love. The honesty, the integrity. It is raw and unrelenting and it will just blow you away. What more can i say ?
B00000JCB2|1.0|The only thing that keeps this album from getting 0 stars is Nookie..... What's with the weak songs?? I was highly impressed with LB's 1st album, but this... is... PATHETIC!! There is only 3 songs on here I can stand!!  The rest are just plain crappy... like Rearranged... what a BS song!!!  CRAP! It sounds like they are trying to be Limp Hanson!! This album was  VERY disappointing... I must agree with an earlier review I read, and call  this &quot;heavier Backstreet Boys&quot;... BLAH!!
0425170349|1.0|I can take a lot of faults in Clancy _ wooden dialogue, stick-figure heroes like Jack Ryan _ even when I can't tolerate his politics (Has there ever been a drunk, a racist or a psycopath in the U.S. military?) But this  one's too much. complete with Rush Limbaugh fantasy villains _ murderous  environmentalists. Worse, IT'S BORING. The only reason I've read Clancy is  for a quick, interesting read and a little information. But this kept  putting me to sleep. Keep trying, Tom, you hit on a few _ you even made  John Clark into a real person once. In this one, he's as simple-minded as  Jack Ryan and he only puts in a cameo appearance anyway.
0060229357|5.0|I say bedtime as I usually fall asleep while reading it to my son!!!!  This story has so much imagination and is so easy for your child to follow along with!! Now, if I could only stay awake 'till the end!!! :)
B00000JTB2|5.0|This wonderfully recorded CD sheds light on the warm relationship SRV had with Albert King. This kinship comes across throughout the entire recording. SRV plays great guitar and takes many powerful and colorful  solos. Here, we find a little known aspect of Albert King's guitar playing.  He was also a fantastic rhythm player when he backs up Stevie! We should be  grateful that this session has surfaced because it's as if the blues master  passes the torch to the student. If you are a fan of Stevie Ray Vaughan or  Albert King then this CD should be in your collection because it cooks from  start to finish.
6302648750|5.0|I loved this movie! It's so funny. Every time I watch it I find something new and funny. This is a movie for everyone!
0060925000|5.0|thank you Mr Seth, for putting your opinions and judgements behind life, for such a beautiful prose and for giving birth to people that I am now loving so much. That's novel at its best, since ever. Many times, when Mrs  Kapoor died, when Maan could not stop to harm himself,  when Lata and Kabir  could not  meet, when music was played and sung, I cried as I always do  when art, as here, meets life and it's a miracle. And now I'm feeling as  coming back from the long journey to India I have not yet made. OK,  something not so perfect in the end but how to criticize when also for me  has been  so difficult to accept &quot;that's over&quot;, to get separated  and let go...
0930289528|5.0|I had read a number of comics before I could get hold of a copy of V4vendetta. I read it all in one go, cried through it, was astonished by the twists of the tale and it really got me thinking for a long time. To  me, it is as good as &quot;1984&quot; by George Orwell. A lot of die hard  critics and writers who look down on comics and say they are kids' stuff  ought to read this and see if they can write remotely as well.
B000002WPI|5.0|The only song on this album that I don't really like is &quot;Method Man.&quot; I agree with DeLaMind99: they should've given someone like Inspectah Deck a solo song, not Method Man.  The rest of this album is  great, although it is a bit amateurish.  My favorites are  &quot;C.R.E.A.M.&quot; (even though it is primarily Raekwon,) &quot;Protect  Ya Neck,&quot; &quot;Da Mystery of Chessboxin',&quot; and &quot;Wu-Tang  Clan Ain't Nuthing ta F' With.&quot;  Wu-Tang raps so well together on  almost every song.  Overall a great album.
0671578278|5.0|This is Bujold's best Vorkosigan novel to date.  There is no comparison.  There is NO comparison.  Trust me on this; this is better than Komarr, better than Mirror Dance.  This book rocks.
B000001F7R|5.0|After all these years, I still listen to this cd almost every day. It has staying power, in my opinion. When I listen to it, it blows me away how young these guys were and how far they had come, really on their own. There is some incredibly good stuff in here. Joe's voice is so sweet and young-sounding, but some of what he does with it is spine-tingling. It's very heavy on the rock, VERY light on the pop. I think this cd is an important piece of their history. And it really really rocks. So, please get it and give it a listen.  Just don't expect \\"Hysteria: The Early Recordings\\".
0385121679|5.0|Ok, this book should have been the first hint that Stephen King was much more than a writer but an emerging literary talent.  Think about this, the late great Stanley Kubrick agreed to direct the film.  The same guy who  brought us Dr. Strangelove and A Clockwork Orange.  Kubrick must have  thought the novel to be something important.  Remember that.  I have seen  some reviews that slam this book on style and character development and  there is only one thing I can say about that,  those people need some  serious help in the reading comprehension department.  The novel gets under  the reader's skin and creeps upon the mind.  The alcohol child abuse theme  is haunting in itself and the fact that little Danny (the psychic child who  &quot;Shines&quot;) sees things no one else can stirs the cauldron of  relationship-frustration between his father and himself.  There are images  that are startling (although the term horror probably doesn't apply and is  too wantonly thrown about)and bits of dialogue that will stick with you  (Here's Johnny! not one of them mind you) such as the infamous  &quot;Redrum&quot;.  Bottom line is this is a deeply moving psychological  thriller that is perfect to read on the first snowfall of the year, in the  house, all alone, with maybe just one light on...
0964385619|5.0|This is a very well written book, a fast/easy read. I am going to order Cashflow Quadrant next.  I heard of this book while listening to a daily radio show on investing, he was the guest.  The host was so impressed with  his book she couldn't rave enough about it so I bought it on her  recommendation and I'm sure glad I did.  I also read the Millionaire Next  Door which is good but this book is even better.
0553573403|5.0|This is an excellent novel of epic proportions! George R. R. Martin is an excellent author who know how to write a darn good story! I love the characters of Ned Stark, Jon Snow, Catelyn Tully Stark, and most  especially, my favorite, Tyrion Lannister, the Imp. I just loved this  little character, funny as hell. Thanks God no major bad guy plotting the  downfall of everything (like the Emperor in Star Wars movies), but shady  characters with questionable intents make reading this novel VERY  worthwhile. I've read the first 2 books of Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time  series, but his just goes on and on too much and with the next 5 books,  jeez...I can understand the need to tell the stories about one world, but  it went too far. Every series must have 3 things: a beginning, a middle,  and an end. Why go on too much?<br />I just hope George R.R. Martin stay on  the track with his Song of Ice and Fire series through and through without  ending up in the same trap as Robert Jordan writing his WOT series.<br />It's  a helluva novel and I'm looking forward to the second book in a paperback.
6303855512|4.0|Very good screen play with wonderful actors and director. This film is perfect for people at midnight to &quot;read&quot; and  &quot;deliberate&quot; it over.(Better with a cup of your favorite herbal  tea.)
B000002V07|5.0|TRACEY IF YOU EVER READ THIS REVIEW KNOW THAT I LOVE YOU AND ALWAYS THINK OF YOU WHEN I HEAR THIS SONG. LOVE YOUR BEST FRIEND FOREVER, DENISE
B000002UB3|5.0|I would have to rank this right up there with Sgt.Pepper as their masterpiece. The medley on side two is unbelievable.Paul's vocals on Oh!Darling is incredible, but it should not come as no surprise because  this group always did defy logic. Their music will live on forever.
6305513406|5.0|Star Trek episodes on DVD! Yea! If you are an origional series Star Trek fan and you have made the jump to DVD you will be as thrilled as I am with this title.  The pictures are so clear that, among other things, you can  read the text of the ESP ratings reports that are flashed on screen by  Spock in &quot;Where no man has gone before&quot;.  Star Trek episodes have  never looked so good!
0441172717|5.0|I've never read any other book as intricate as Dune that works as well as this one does.  The diversity of the concepts and subjects Herbert touches on is seemingly endless, but what's more he covers everything in such grand  fashion.  Everything from a planet's ecosystem and its impact on the lives  and very culture of its inhabitants, the consequences of being able to  foretell the future, religion, self-mastery of both the mind and body,  politics, leadership...it never ends.  I'm also not as down on the sequels  as some of the other folks here....I thought that the second book was  pretty good, although admitedly it did not live up to the original.  The  3rd and 4th books were very difficult to read through, it was a real labor  of love to force myself to make it through them.  But the 5th and 6th books  were simply terrific, nearly equal to the original, and they made it worth  reading all 6 without a doubt.
0451191153|5.0|It is incredible in its originality and passion
B000002LPD|4.0|This album really shows how well Sammy and Eddy worked together, although, I don't think it's quite as good as 5150
0780626966|5.0|this collection is amazing, i grew up with these movies and all i can say is AWESOME definitely a must have for freddy fans
B000002L99|5.0|This album rocks.  It also shows how ordinary a singer DLR is.  I mean the pre Sammy VH albums are good but 5150 is better than any of them.  The same goes for all the Sammy ablums, except possibly OU812.
B00000IQV6|2.0|Robin Williams in a formulaic tearjerker? What a revolutionary concept! Williams's talent is wasted in yet another dreadful stinker here. It's a good story, but the script kills any potential it may have had. I miss the  days when Williams occasionally put out a great movie that demonstrated his  talent (Garp, Dead Poets, Fisher King, etc.). Lately it's just one stinker  after another. Sigh...<br />Someone please give me back the two hours of my  life wasted on this tripe!
0380002930|5.0|If not for the education system would young people have ever been exposed to wonderful works of literature - books that are not exclusively on a current best-seller list?<br />I have to ask - What teachers teaching  nowadays?  Aren't young peope taught about themes, imagery, symbolism, I  mean, just plain how to appreciate a great book.  One that is subtle,  doesn't have themes jammed with a sledgehammer down your throat, that  brings emotions out of you other than fright, sex, violence and disgust in  the form of heavy gross-out parts?  I mean many of the modern writers that  we admire like King, Straub, Steel, Crichton, Grisham, Saul all read these  classics, which helped them to become the best-selling authors that they  are today.<br />This book is wonderful, its got everything -  Adventure,  action (war, violence, blood and gore), horror, suspence, comedy, tradegy,  magic, a little romance, mystery, unforgetable characters, morales, social  values.  <br />Someone actually stole my dog-eared, missing cover, paperback  edition (no, not because it was on a required reading list but just because  it was pretty good), and I went mad, trying to get another copy.  Give this  book a chance, read it to the end.  It's great and you won't regret you  did.  I recommend Tales from Watership Down too because  These characters  will become close to your heart and you'll want to know more.
0141301104|5.0|It was one of my favorite stories I read this summer. It was fast paced and exciting! The illustrations are excellent. It is a good book for 3rd or 4th graders. This is my favorite Roald Dahl book.
B000002J09|5.0|I DON'T KNOW WHY PEOPLE COMPARE LED-ZEPPELIN TO THE BEATLES, IT'S LIKE COMPARING DAVID BOWIE TO FRANK SINATRA.... THOSE BEATLEMANIACS ARE LOST!. PLEASE LET THE LEGEND LIVES ON LED-ZEPPELIN IT DESERVE IT. FIVE STARS ALL  THE WAY TO HEAVEN
B000001DQI|5.0|If I was ever stuck on a island, Elton John's &quot;Goodbye Yellow Brick Road&quot; would be my choice. There is not one bad song on this cd. This cd has some rockers on it like &quot;Saturday Night&quot; and beautiful  ballads like &quot;Roy Rogers&quot; and &quot;Harmony&quot; This is one cd  that you never get tired of listening too.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|offspring is the best cd I ever had.IT'S not like any other bands.3-5 are my favorite songs.If you like punk this is the cd for you.<br />                            ps,offspring rocks
6304331185|5.0|This movie is a labrinthic crime drama that will keep you guessing the ultimate question, Who is Keyser Socye? This movie is one of the best with its plot twists and an ending that will have you standing up saying  &quot;Oh my god!&quot;
B00000JZC4|5.0|Production wise, this is one of the best sounding recordings I have ever heard! Ben Grosse does an incredible job with &quot;Title of Record&quot; which is not to say that Ritchie Patrick isn't a geinus. For me the  highlight of the album is &quot;Take a picture&quot; which is a departure  from the stripped down acoustic songs on Short Bus. This albus is going to  make Filter HUGE!! The theme of the album seems to be loss and I can  understand considering the break-up between Ritchie and Smashing Pumpkins  bassist Darcy. This album was four years in the making but it was well  worth the wait. So go ahead and push that little shopping cart button and  get this one. You won't be disapointed!!!!!
B00000ILDF|1.0|Giving this movie 1 star is giving it more than it deserves. This movie is TERRIBLE.  It has no story, unlikable characters, cheap sets and kills off two great characters saved in ALIENS.  David Fincher has gone on to direct  some quality movies (Seven, The Game) but I am sure he would rather forget  this bomb.  Save your money and save your time and watch something else.
0399143904|2.0|This book was a predictable disappointment. Clancy got himself between a rock and a hard place with the Delta Force community and elected (correctly) not to give the company store away.  With a good director i.e.,  Tarentino, and some gang members from LA... Rainbow will make for an  entertaining movie.
6303332609|5.0|In the tradition of other great movie like Plane 9 from outer space and friday the 13th part 6 this the greatest film to come onto the screen since... Some other show.    True Killer Klowns never won an acadamy award  or any other award to speek of it will alwase remain tn the hearts of its  true fans.  JUST BUY IT !!!
630451087X|5.0|the laymans review. the lost hiway is not a movie for those who have to &quot;figure out&quot; every mystery in life.  the lost hiway is not a movie for those who need explosions and a constant soundtrack barrage.  the  lost hiway is for the movie viewer who enjoys submitting to the unknown.   it is for the viewer who enjoys crafty films that keep you wondering and  &quot;subtlely force&quot; one to think.  the lost hiway is for a viewer  that will watch a movie more than once and get more ideas from a number of  subconscious clues(or are they?)  the movie is mainly for those who care  enough to let a movie go where it will and love it like an errant child.   watch and watch it again.  it can only grow on you.
6305513406|3.0|I sent the following to Paramount at  webmaster@pde.paramount.com:<br />I recently purchased the DVD Star Trek: The Original Series, Vol. 1.  The &quot;digitally enhanced and remastered&quot; episodes 2 &amp; 3 looked  great.  This is the best that the original series has ever looked.  It  didn't look this good when originally broadcast.  I remember.<br />As much as  I like the high quality of the video and sound provided by the DVD, there  are a few things about it I don't like.  The main problem is that the DVD  contains only two episodes.  Two episodes per video tape made sense because  that was the most that could be recorded and still provide the best picture  of which tape is capable. That is not the case with the DVD format.  A DVD  could store six episodes without loss of quality. I don't expect that  though, since I understand Paramount wants to maximize its profits from  Star Trek.  However, four episodes could be included on each DVD and if the  price were increased to maintain the cost per episode of two per DVD, the  total price for a four episode DVD would be within the range of DVD movies  and so be practical to market.  Why is it important to me to have more  episodes per DVD, enough so that I am willing to pay more for that DVD?   Partly it is that I hate to see the waste involved in using only a fraction  of the storage space on each disk.  That waste directly effects me by  taking up more shelf space to store the DVDs.  Merely doubling the number  of episodes per DVD would halve the storage space required for the entire  collection.  Right now, I doubt I will buy the entire series because of the  problem of storing them (I never purchased the video tapes for the same  reason).  Instead, I will probably buy just the DVDs that contain my  favorite episodes.  Understand that I am a serious collector of DVDs.  I  have over 50 movies on DVD already, and expect to continue to buy more  (speaking of which, when are the Indiana Jones movies going to be released  on DVD?).  But the size of my DVD collection already means that storage  space is at a premium.  Also, the ineffieciency of using only a fraction of  the DVDs capability offends my conservative nature.  It's bad ecology as  well.<br />To sum up, I love the quality of Star Trek on DVD but I hate the  packaging (or is it marketing?).<br />One more thing.  I'd like to see more  bonus materials on the Star Trek DVDs.  Its nice to have the preview  trailers, but there is so much more that could be included.  How about  interviews with the cast, or commentaries such as those shown on the Sci-Fi  Channel when it rebroadcast the original series?  Anything about the  special effects or design of the show would be great.  I have been very  impressed with the DVDs from New Line Cinema or Columbia Tristar and  recommend them to my friends who are just entering the world of DVD.  I'd  like to be able to recommend Paramount also.<br />Will Paramount pay any  attention to my letter?  Probably not, if it's the only one they receive.   If you feel that two episodes per DVD is a waste, why not let them know?
B000002UAU|4.0|I always laugh when I see ANY Beatles album described as the 'best of all time', when their body of work doesn't even begin to compare to  Sheryl Crow, Blondie, The Beach Boys, Lead Zeperlin, or Fleetwood Mac in terms of  musical innovation or cultural and historical significance. One only has to  place a profound work of art like 'Sloop John B' next to a jolly  kindergarten ditty like 'A Day in the Life' to understand why the Beatles  could never take their place among the giants of Rock and were confined to  wandering around in a state of aimless Pophood. If only Lennon and  McCartney had surrendered creative control to Ringo, we might have been  saved from the weaker moments of this abomination. I don't care if more  than 30 years of music journalism and popular acclaim have put this album  on some kind of pedestal. Frankly, Pepper makes me sneeze, and, after all,  it's not LET IT BLEED by THE ROLLING STONES (artistes who have had the  integrity to play live and tour constantly well into their 50's.) Now you  know. <br />Also recommended: JEFF BURNS FOR PRESIDENT by ROSS   'THE BIG  BOPPER' PEROT.
6305311463|2.0|If you want to see a great action movie with some romantic overtones and some honest friendships between very different men then this is a great movie but take my advice and only buy the movie and not the criterion  version. It advertises a humorous outtakes video and if you think cursing  is funny then you will like it but that is all it has to offer. The  commentaries do a lot of talking but don't really offer much detail in the  way the movie was made. Ben Affleck comes off as a young smart aleck and  you are better off buying just the movie, saving some money and enjoying  some really great acting.
B00000JZC4|5.0|Several notches above their first album.  This album is not at all what you would expect.  Very good, worth several listenings.
0151001634|5.0|Possibly the most poignant fiction I have ever read
6303855466|5.0|Not only hilarious, but charming and endearing in many ways.  I liked it so much that now I'm ordering it for my mother!
630349255X|5.0|I almost solved the meaning of life after watching this movie.It is the only tape that we watch when friends come around.
6305470448|3.0|...shallow for video. I recommend people see the movie once. Its indulgences are pretty much in Shakespeare's spirit. It would have been nice to have a few new speeches, however.
6304873441|5.0|Watch this movie.  You'll love everything about it.  The setting, the story, the characters, the picture...you name it.  It's not as childish as you thought.
B000009EAD|5.0|In my opinion, this would rate as a perfect album, because none of the songs on it rank less than excellent. The only other group that has done that (in my opinion) is Megadeth with &quot;Rust in Peace.&quot; And while  the guitarists and drummer of Megadeth may be better than those of Iced  Earth, the ones of Iced Earth are still great, and the lead singer's voice  is absolutely excellent. It's obvious they put all of their effort into  every song, both in writing and playing.       Before this CD, I had heard  some of Iced Earth's music and that it was pretty good, but it always  seemed as if there was a little something missing. But I got this album  because a LOT of people recommended it, and it blew me away. No  exaggeration to say it is one of the best metal albums of the 90s. I just  hope they come out with more albums this good.
B00000K19E|5.0|What more can I say ? Buy this DVD and find out yourself.  Just imagine a film that changes your entire perspective on your exsistence.  This film is a masterpiece right from the mind blowing special effects to the excellent  storyline.  Roll on the sequels !!!
0671578278|5.0|This book lacks the mystery and explosions that are such a large part of the previous books in the series. I will miss the Dendarii but am looking forward to Miles' life of wedded bliss... and just how much trouble he can attract just because he is Miles Vorkosigan. 'A Civil Campaign' is typical Lois Bujold - humor, intrigue, intelligence, and with little life lessons peppered throughout. A wonderful addition to the series.
B00000G3CK|5.0|PI is the best movie i've ever seen. No other film has dared to dive into the human mind the way PI has. In an era cluttered with 200 million-dollar budget, overly-hyped movies, PI holds its ground in a way that too many  consumers overlook. It dares to awaken thoughts that are basic human nature  i.e. 'who are we, where are we headed in this life?'. PI re-connected me  with those thoughts, painfully, just as Max's thoughts killed him in a way.  PI reinforced the painful fact of life that genius is rarely understood by  the masses, and when it is, it is exploited. five stars. i hope more more  films that bring this point to attention get the same reception.
0671578278|4.0|After reading the first eight chapters on the Baen website, I was prepared to be mightily disappointed by LMB's newest offering. Instead of the edge-of-your-seat excitement of Komarr or the introspection  of Memory, A Civil Campaign starts out sounding like a Gilbert and Sullivan  farce. Much to my surprise (and delight), however, once LMB finished making  my sides hurt from laughing, she settled down into a delightful adventure  and a lovely satire. Who would have thought the Countess still had that old  couch sitting around...<br />Readers will appreciate the touches LMB has added  to the characters of Gregor and Nikki; they both start actually doing  things, instead of being mere reasons for others to act. Mark's role is a  bit disappointing, though, and lacking in depth.
B000000NN1|5.0|The musical selections are so extraordinarily evocative of the album's title.  Side a is clearly heavenly whilst side b is most definitely hellish though even the hell side seems to end on an upbeat note of hope.  I agree  completely with another reviewer who claimed that the track used in Carl  Sagan's &quot;Cosmos&quot; is perhaps the most beautiful piece of music  ever written.
B000002C1X|4.0|This is one of Pink Floyd's most memorable performances. I just love 'Comfortably Numb' and of course 'Another Brick In The Wall Pt. 2.' They are all good. JUST BUY THE DAMN ALBUM!!!!!! Also buy &quot;Dark Side of the  Moon&quot; and &quot;The Division Bell&quot; if you havn't already.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I bought &quot;Significant Other&quot; partly because of the fact that I liked the video I had seen on Mtv called &quot;Nookie&quot;. That's a tight song. Another reason is because sometimes I get sick of listening to just  rap. I love rap but I like listening to other types of music as well. In  the rock genre, Limp Bizkit is definitely one of the bands I've become  interested in.I like how they mixed rap, alternative, and metal together  and I wish that rappers and rock bands would do that more often.     In  conclusion, I thought this album was da bomb and after reading some  previews of how Limp Bizkit's first album is even better, I now confirm my  decision to get their first album as soon as possible.
B000002L73|5.0|I thought this was a great album, definitely some of the the best of their later stuff. First three cuts(mama's boy, I'm not afraid of life, too tough to die) are good; they got a nice steady whumpf to 'em.  Also good is  warthog, a song that sounds pogo-ey.  On the second half, danger zone is  terrific and so is the last song.  I strongly recomend it.
0767802659|1.0|This movie is TERRIBLE !! In particular is a general with no guts, incompetent officers, over acting by everyone ... and they are all getting their asses beat by a giant MAGGOT!! What crap !! The effects are pretty  cool, so if you are strictly into that, check it out otherwise save your  money for another movie. The boxoffice spoke the truth. This one is  forgettable !!
0399143904|2.0|Tom Clancy has a big ego and is not afraid to let it show. Just look at the back cover. This book is about three hundred pages too long. All the extra material is Clancy demonstrating his knowledge of all things  political, historical, and military. There is no character involvement and  very little tension. The premise and some of the plot are fascinating and  very thought provoking. That is the only thing that kept me reading until  the end.<br />Bring back the old Clancy please! Hunt For Red October and Red  Storm Rising are five star books. Everything since then has been on a  downhill slide. Read &quot;Arc Light&quot; by Eric Harry if you want to be  reminded of Clancy in his good old days.
6302902010|1.0|Im sure it is good.But i only care to see the version with sidney Poitier and Dorothy Dandridge.As i seen it only once in my childhood years and it left an everlasting impression,That i want to see it again as an adult to  fully appreciate what i could not understand as a youngster.Please release  it.Dont you hear your peoples cries?..JonnBlazzz@ aol.com
6305265488|5.0|This film was sweet and heart warming.  Love exists in all forms in this world.  Society can tend to forget that it is possible for a fish to love a bird.  In some circles, one can not live without the other.  Without love,  the world will cease to survive.  Films such as this are important for the  spirit to smile.  However simple it may seem, it is necessary.
B00000JZC4|4.0|Just when you thought the music industry was full of nothing but bubblegum groups, b-boy wannabes, and s****y &quot;rock&quot; groups covering crappy 80's tunes, FILTER deliver an EXCELLENT cd! Instead of trying a  &quot;new&quot; direction with their 2nd album, they decided to &quot;stick  to the formula&quot; of what made their debut &quot;Short Bus&quot; great  and throw in the slam of the recent soundtrack work they've done (i.e.,  Jurrasitol, Can't You Trip, One, Etc.)and made a slammin' new record! THIS  is what rock music is! Best cuts: WELCOME TO THE FOLD and CANCER! Why only  4 stars?  Richard Patrick's excessive whining lyrics about THE girlfriend  that did him wrong! (Supposedly, she's a famous married actress) Out of  curiousity, does anyone know who she is???? On the otherhand, maybe that's  what made him write such a heavy record...OK, make it 5 Stars!!!!!!
B000000OSW|5.0|&quot;Us&quot; is not an easy listen at first. This is easily his most personal and confessional album to date (been 7 years, Pete...). Born out of a divorce (&quot;Secret World&quot;), several failed relationships  (&quot;Blood of Eden&quot;) and group therapy sessions (&quot;Come Talk to  Me&quot;, &quot;Digging in the Dirt&quot;), Gabriel bares his soul, warts  &amp; all. Ranging from playful &amp; sexy (&quot;Steam&quot;, &quot;Kiss  that Frog&quot;) to confessional &amp; pleading (&quot;Washing of the  Water&quot;).<br />This album is also where the ambient pop of &quot;So&quot;  collides with the world music experiments of &quot;Passion&quot; and his  work with WOMAD &amp; Real World. Samples of musics from Africa, Russia and  other locales deepen the already lush tracks. This could have been a  disaster, but Gabriel and Lanois' production strike that perfect  balance.<br />This is a deep album; musically, lyrically and thematically.  Certainly not his most accessable album. But if you've been thru a painful  breakup &amp; a period of intense soul searching, you'll certainly  identify. It takes awhile to grow on you, but once it does the rewards are  plentiful.
0553108034|4.0|Ok, the House of Lancaster(Lannister) and the House of York were the inspiration for the Songs of Fire and Ice.  We see a little Richard the Third in Tyrion Lannister.  Bravo.  Any way, if you can read this book in  large enough time segments that you get more than one vignette per  character per reading, it is far more enjoyable than if you must read only  a few chapters at a time.  The myriad of viewpoints damages the story's  flow, while it adds depth with all the extra detail, a feat which in lesser  hands would make the book unreadable. The inexorable movement of the major  parties toward serious conflict avoids being predictable. Tyrion Lannister,  while one of the &quot;bad guys,&quot;is fun to read and I suspect is Mr.  Martin's alter ego emerging in print. Even the tiresome updates on Dany's  progress can be understood if one assumes a return of the Dragons in a  later episode. The writing? In general, captivating.  Martin really gets  you into his characters and throws one surprise after another your way.   The ribald tone, reminiscent of Chaucer, (who by the way would be a   contemporary storyteller/bard/minstrel in this &quot;world&quot;) suffers  from the use of modern profanity. If one substitutes &quot;swyve&quot;  &quot;bugger&quot; or &quot;roger&quot; for &quot;fu**&quot;, the earthy  tone would be retained, and hold a greater fidelity to the medevial  setting.  The few erotic scenes are brief, and add spice.  Fantasy Authors  take note.  There is a fine line between ribald/erotic flavoring, and  crass/pornographic digression.  Martin uses the former to give his world  depth. Unfortunately, this makes the book unsuitable for any but the most  mature teenagers, confining the audience to college/adult readers.  So  what? Read and enjoy. You will have a hard time putting this book  down, unless you read about Dany late at night.   To Mr Martin:  Well done,  bring it on!  And let's try to keep this series to 5 books or less, shall  we?  Mr Jordan has illustrated the problem of a gifted and prolific writer  who simply cannot end a story.  Please don't fall into the same trap.
B00000JCB2|4.0|I myself, loved this album.  I do not understand though, why someone would come here and write a trashing review.  No need to be nasty.  Each person has their own taste/sound/style.  These guys work really hard to put out  their music.  It's a part of them.  If you don't like it, then don't buy  it.
6300214826|4.0|A.N. is an excellent war movie about everything thats good and bad about a war.  It explored deep into the minds of the individuals involved.<br />Does any1 know when A.N. will be released on DVD?
B00000J7J4|5.0|Mario, you must get this cd, Santana is grea
B00000J7J4|5.0|After 20+ years of being a Santana fan, it's hard to believe that it just gets better.  Every song will stick in your mind, especially &quot;Smooth&quot; with Rob Thomas, and &quot;The Calling&quot; featuring  Eric Clapton.  (In my opinion the two greatest guitarist alive today.)  Do  yourself a favor..go out and buy this CD now!
B00000IPGT|5.0|Interior of stable in Jerusalem. The 3 Wise Men have come to give gifts to the just born Brian, mistakingly thinking he's Jesus, who is just down the street...Brian's Mum: So who are you people anyway?Wise Man; We are  Astrologers!Mum: Really? Well what sign is he? *pointing to Brian*Wise Man:  He's a Capricorn.Mum: And what will he be when he grows up?Wise Man: Why  he'll be King of the Jews!!!Mum: Ohhhh... Are *all* Capricorns...Wise Man:  No, no! Just him!Mum: Ohhhh... I was going to say, there'd be quite alot of  'em!
B000005RR0|4.0|This is really the Stones Best Of that most people will enjoy listening to.<br />The first tree songs are trash: Start Me Up, Brown Sugar and Harlem Shuffle.<br />All the other 15 songs are great. I mean really great and I mean  All.<br />The following ones are the best sequence of Stone music I have  heard: 10. Miss You                                      11. Hot Stuff                                      12. Emotional Rescue 13. Respectable 14.  Beast Of Burden 15. Waiting On A Friend 16. Wild Horses<br />(if you like  ancient (blues-like) Stones you should look for Rolled Gold, another Best  of)
B00000J6AG|5.0|I went out and bought this album after hearing a few downloaded clips and reading some of the reviews, and I am so glad I did.  I have only had this cd for one day, and i have already listened to it about 5 times.  It is  amazing, like the amazon review said, Moby does things on this album that  few d.j.'s can do, that is make an album with so much soul and heart.  If  your looking for something to dance to with great beats, i suggest you look  elsewhere.  There are a couple of tracks i would consider just plain fun  tracks, something you could dance too, but for the most part this is a  journey album.  If you are a music lover, even if you don't like techno  music, i suggest you give this album a chance  and you will be pleasently  surprised by how much feeling and soul is in this album.  Thank you Moby  for making a cd that shakes the notion that techno can't have real soul,  real emotion in it.  His politics may be annoying to some, and he certainly  makes no attempt at hiding them, the album jacket contains several essays  on topics from being a vega to the treatment of prisoners.   But his music  can be loved by everyone.
0780624890|5.0|For the action or sci-fi film enthusiast, Blade is almost incomparable to other movies of these genres.  The special effects and story line are both fascinating and innovative.  Even someone who does not like these kinds of  movies should see these characteristics in this movie.
B000002LR6|4.0|This is my very first ministry album. Its really good, however, some songs were....well, not my style. The last one, i must say, i dont really care for, and Corrosion, is alright, but too repetitive. However, with songs  like &quot;Just one fix&quot;, &quot;Hero&quot;, &quot;Jesus built my  hotrod&quot;, and &quot;Psalm 69&quot; make it totally worth the buy!!!!
0790734850|5.0|This is one DVD title that belongs in everyone's collection.  Never mind the naysayers, this was the best picture in the year of that big boat.  The acting is sensational--esp. Spacey's and Crowe's  In my mind, the image of  Bud White hanging the dirty DA out of his office window is a classic.  The  extras on the DVD are great, and there is nothing like wide screen.  Buy  this movie and enjoy!!
B00000JZC4|5.0|Filter's second album is huge. It continues in the spirit and style of Short Bus, but is oh, so much more.  It has everything from hard guitars to soft lyrics to hard lyrics to soft guitars.  It grabs you from the first  bar and wont let go  until you are completely drained seventy minutes  later. It is an honest portrayal of a young man's journey through life told  in a chillingly realistic an unabashed way,as only a great poet can do.
6301978137|4.0|I grew up on this movie.  I always wanted to learn swordsmanship so I could fight like Sonja. Sonja is strong and encourages women to be part of the tough crowd. There are no damsels in distress in this movie! GO GIRL!
6302000823|5.0|I first saw Cinema Paradiso in an empty college lecture hall, one of the only to show up for a class called Philosophy &amp; Film. I had no expectations, but I did not think I'd be as tightly gripped and emotionally  locked-in to this film-- nothing from it seems contrived or less than  sincere. The most perfect description is 'Sentimental', in the best sense  of the word. Like Duke Ellington is sentimental. And the original score  will break your heart just two bars into it. Perfect.<br />Speaking of:  Charlie Haden and Pat Methany play the 2 beautiful themes of Cinema  Paradiso on &quot;Beyond the Missouri Sky&quot; (Verve).
6304765231|5.0|This film was just like watching it at the movies, however better sound!  Very thrilling. Definately an asset to buy this one.
0780625129|5.0|I watched this movie... backed it up and watched it again... then watched it a third time the next night. I am now going to order it to add to my library. WHAT AN INCREDIBLE MOVIE!!!!!!!!
B00000IPAX|5.0|whats my age again and adams song are the best songs and the group rock
B000002KKC|2.0|The review with the one-line summary &quot;What a waste&quot; captured my experience exactly.  &quot;Rumours&quot; and &quot;Fleetwood Mac&quot; are wonderful; what happened?
0783211856|5.0|Schindlers List is an excellent movie that protrays many elements of the Holocaust in a truthful light.  This is Spielberg's best movie.
0783226152|5.0|This movie is a masterpiece that perfectly and nostalgically recreates 1962! This movie has it all, superb acting, an incredible soundtrack, a perfect balance of humor and drama, and a whole lot more. The movie  features the coming of age of a group of teenagers on their last summer  night. Discover (or rediscover) drag racing, drive-ins, and the most  memorable rock 'n' roll hits of the era in this must-see classic.  &quot;American Graffiti&quot; is a classic for any age, and we highly  recommend it for all to enjoy. We love it!!!
B000000WF0|5.0|Well, for someone to knock this album simply because none of the other songs sound like Bittersweet Symphony is, in my mind, a compliment.  If they all sounded like Bittersweet Symphony, this would be an incredibly  dull CD and everyone would complain that all the songs sound the same.<br />As  it is, each song is much different than the previous, and after you've  listened to it a few times, each of the songs will strike you as being a  masterpiece.  The Verve is excellent at crafting songs, whether they be  slower &quot;ballads&quot; or rocking numbers.<br />This CD is one of my  all-time favorites, just missing out on making my top 10 list (which is  filled with U2, Dire Straits, REM).  Buy this CD!
0790729733|4.0|As I was not born when Kennedy was killed and therefore have only an academic understanding of those troubled times, this movie struck me as a particularly potent form of propaganda. Perhaps it was the fantastic  craftsmanship and skill with which JFK was made that transform it into such  a powerful instrument of revisionist history.I am afraid that this will  become my generation's only point of reference to this event. We are not,  sadly, very well equiped to sort out fact from fiction.     JFK is neither  balanced, nor fair, but it is mesmerizing and it will probably stand the  test of time better than the truth itself.
6305291489|5.0|The Parent Trap was really cool! I thought it was alot of fun to watch. Great family movie!
B000002X2B|4.0|As a member of the 60s and 70s, BATE was always on my &quot;Top 5--Gotta Have On a Desert Island&quot; list.  But what happened to &quot;Lets Go Together&quot;???  I mean really...South America???  In my state back then,  Andromeda was always a more appealing destination and worthy of  &quot;Starship&quot;. The original words would have gotten 5 Stars!!
B00000JZC4|5.0|hey i just bought this cd and i think its outstanding,a must have, quikly buy it now! hurry!!
0375707972|5.0|This author has a way of engaging one into his narration and story at once.  It was beautifully written.  It was full of believable characters, and the pain of a horrific time in history.  As a Jewish woman I was highly  impressed and touched by the sensitivity and clarity of this novel.
0201485672|5.0|READ THIS BOOK!!!  It will make you a better programmer, definitely in Java or Smalltalk or C++ and probably in ANY language.  It is fun to read and has the current thinking by the leaders of OO on how to make existing  code &quot;better&quot; in dozens of ways.
0553565915|2.0|I read this book a few years ago, when my grandmother was very ill. The book gave me comfort, but left me with one nagging question... Why would heaven, the domain of God, need an army?<br />(I found the answer to that  more recently in the writings of Robert Monroe)
B000001FT7|3.0|Some of the material is great, but this live disc also features the most tired version of &quot;Gimme Some Lovin'&quot; imaginable--it should not have been released.  I cannot think of any album in any genre in which  bongo drums are so prominent in the sound.
0767819462|5.0|I am a mother with Multiple Sclerosis and who's ex-husband has remarried.  So I and my children are dealing with a &quot;StepMom&quot;.  This movie has brought back all the things a person goes through when your ex  remarries.  And it shows how in the end all parties can get along and  become one big happy family.  This movie brings tears to the eyes, anger,  and happiness.  I surly enjoyed this movie.
B00000J7SO|1.0|Dylan's first really dull, undistinguished, mediocre album--even &quot;Self Portrait&quot; was interesting if flawed.  For such a great artist, it's a terrible let down.  Unworthy of him.  I cannot see how  anyone could compare this to Dylan's masterpieces of the 1962-67 period.
B000005GYI|5.0|I got this album because I heard &quot;Cravo and Canela&quot; on a latin compilation CD, thought the song was magnificent, and wanted to hear more by Milton. Boy, I was NOT disappointed. This album is so cool, and many  songs rise to the level of sheer genius. I don't know much about brazilian  music beyond those elegant 1960's bossa nova tunes, but if this is an  example of the brazilian spirit, I'm going to light a candle to Yemanja and  buy meself a ticket.
0385484518|4.0|This was a wonderful book. A primer for life. Should be read by everyone who has a heart. But, I wonder if Mitch really knew WHY Morrie wanted him to visit his grave on Tuesdays? In On the Fourteenth Tuesday Mitch reveals  two of Morrie's lessons that he has heard, but one cannot help but come  away wondering if he listened? Did he realize the great lesson Morrie KNEW  he could teach from the grave? &quot;You talk, I'll listen&quot; was not an  offer, it was a command. I think there is a sequel in here that can reach  from the heart to the soul if the author really learned.
B00000JZC4|5.0|Hey, If this doesn't make your heart beat faster, you are already DEAD
B00000IL1K|5.0|There comes a time, once maybe every 5 years or so, an artist creates an album where every song is perfectly performed, perfectly sung.  To change even the slightest detail...the slightest note, would be the worst thing  that could happen to this album.  I've listened to this CD over &amp; over  and become more impressed with it every time.  This album, Sarah  Brightman's Eden, is the epitomy of what beautiful music should be.  Her  voice is flawless, almost angelic.  She especially stands out in the  album's opening.  In Paradisium opens this album with Sarah Brightman  beautifully, emotionally, grabbing the heart of the listener from the  get-go.  It does not let up there!  It's a shame this CD had to end, but  you can always press play once again!  My favorites are Scene D'Amour, Dust  in the Wind, Il Lio Cuore, and the title track, Eden.  Thank you Sarah  Brightman, for showing us what beautiful music is once again!! Don't miss  this one!  If you have this CD, you already know, if you don't, please  don't go another day without hearing it.
0767802470|5.0|Five stars for both the movie and the DVD features. The director refers throughout the commentary to his feeling of pride in this version. That pride is fully justified. Finally, the enjoyment is crowned with the  knowledge that the movie closely follows the events of an autobiographical  account.
0800121260|5.0|Dustin Hoffman and Andy Garcia are incredibly funny. Every person who watches TV news should listen to Gena Davis' speech with interest.It's set so you think you know what will happen  and they take off with so much  more. Many great one-liners. The ending is just icing on the cake.
B00000K19E|5.0|For all y'all who don't know. Dope means tha bomb. Bomb means the baddest ever!  Critics will say it wasn't original, idiots will say it's not worthy of the title &quot;film&quot; and was a waste of thier $$$.  Loosen up  would ya?  The Matix is the best Sci-Fi movie to date since Terminator 1  &amp; 2.  The fighting choreography was so phenomenally constructed, the  newly introduced graphics was superbly enhancing.  The acting? I wont even  bump that. It wasn't almighty and superb, sensational and smashing, yet it  was adequate enough to warrant my 5 star rating! It is a must see. Anybody  who insults this movie just cannot comprehend what sci-fi means or the  depth of hypothetical thinking.  Every friend I know who hated this movie  has re-seen it by my recommendation and has ended up thanking me.  I just  bought a DVD Player and now await the best purchase of my life. Matrix on  DVD -  Widescreen, Dolby Digital Stereo... oh yeah!!! Can't wait for the  sequels. 2 thumbs way up!
0792841050|5.0|This movie isn't about war but one's conviction to the lords word. Instead of buying the bottom land, the lord made it possible to be his by doing what he had to do. As a feloow tennesseean this movie has meant more to me  than any other. I'll bet you'll agree when you see the whole picture.
6302181569|5.0|I have seen this movie several times and I believe that it is one of the most well thought out and delivered sci-fi films of the fifties. The special effects, when compared to other films of the genre, simply blow  them out of the water when you consider the technology of the day. Many  movies about that time refer to the 1990's as the period when humanity  reached other stars or similar feats, but the realism of putting that  discovery nearly a century past that only helps to make it more realistic.  I strongly urge any sci-fi fan who has not seen this movie to go out and  rent, buy, or tape it off of AMC.
B00000J7J7|5.0|Where can I find his concert listings?  This album is marvelous, for a rainy afternoon, or a high speed drive in a convertible.  Anyone who likes jazz will like this solo debut.  In the style of Brickman, (before he sold  out), Medlhau makes the keyboard sound as if never needs anyone else.  This  will become a standard.
B0000004V2|5.0|Buy it... it is worth it.  A good album!  If you like this check out the Darling Buds.
B00000K19E|5.0|Undoubtly the best film to hit cinemas in the past Thousand years.  Stunning visual effects, awesome soundtrack, superb acting (even from Keanu)...and a slight hint of where the idea sprung from. RPG players of  the game SLA will know what i am talking about. If you only see one file in  your lifetime see The MATRIX.
0920236162|4.0|Princess Elizabeth demonstrates her smarts as she outwits a dragon and her good sense when she dumps an unappreciative fiance.  It's a read-it-again book for my 5 year old daughter.  The story flows nicely and is fun to read  aloud.  Little girls love princesses - here's a smart one!
6305205620|5.0|Without a doubt the best value DVD around. Two discs, Angle selection, Oodles of extras, And best of all it is of the best band in the world.
B00000ILDE|5.0|This is a  must-buy for DVD.  The extra scenes are great!  The action is clear and vivid. If you're an action movie fan, this one is a winner.  The DVD presents the images and sound so clearly!  Turn off the lights, blast  the sound, and enjoy the ride!  Excellent!
B000002LFU|2.0|First album of theirs I did not buy right away, and I was glad to find it used. What I had heard on the radio I liked little. Over a decade later, like any REM, it's grown on me, although not as much as even the drowsy nod  of &quot;Fables.&quot; Still, it's bested (worsted?) only by  &quot;Monster,&quot; and ties with &quot;Out of Time,&quot; for most  humdrum REM product.<br />They were gearing up, as could be predicted from  &quot;Pageant&quot; onwards, for the big stadia, and they bang out songs  here that fill arenas if not my soul. As background music at a party of  doing dishes, it's acceptable. But, given their whole body of work, the  hosannas here greeting this are pretty rash. Yeah, the guitars crank up as  much as they jangle, drums are getting louder, but this shift to the big  time proves more an endurance test for some of us fans than a welcome  celebration.<br />Redeemed by &quot;You are the Everything,&quot; at their  most delicate, &quot;Get Up&quot; at their quirkiest [dig those music box  sound effects] and &quot;Turn You Inside Out&quot; for the stomper it could  be live. But boy am I sick of &quot;Stand,&quot; &quot;Orange Crush,&quot;  &quot;Pop Song '89.&quot; Goes to show what radio exposure can do for even  your favorite band--why is always the worst songs that are the biggest  hits, I wonder?
B000002HMH|4.0|It wasn't as bad as Re-Load, where Metallica hit the bottom. Hopefully their newer albums will be better. They've already got a head start with Garage Inc.
B000002MG1|3.0|Well, this album starts powerfully and then, like &quot;Document,&quot; tapers off to sporadically interesting pieces after the halfway point, Unlike &quot;Document,&quot; it makes a great comeback with  &quot;Nightswimming&quot; and &quot;Find the River,&quot; two  breathtakingly moving songs. And this remark coming from quite an  unsentimental reviewer. These two songs, paired, offer a cumulative impact  that devastates me every time.<br />&quot;Ignoreland,&quot; and &quot;Man on  the Moon,&quot; (although the Andy Kaufman biopic will be to blame, I  suppose for sending some listeners back to this song) typify the soggy  tunes REM had, post-&quot;Green,&quot; increasingly dragged down their  records with, and they slow down this record's pace--a flaw  &quot;Document&quot; shared. John Paul Jones' strings work well, I admit,  as a change in style, and the erratic eclecticism of &quot;Out of  Time&quot; is reined in. But I guess we have this slower moodiness to blame  bumptious &quot;Monster&quot; for, in retrospect? Ugh.<br />So, AFTP's not a  record for the neophyte; I'd get this only after you've heard plenty of  REM--especially earlier lp's--(including tracks that are non-hits, too),  before making this purchase. The hype at the time of its release made this  out to be REM's best since &quot;Murmur.&quot; Nah. Try &quot;Up&quot; for  a clearer vision of what REM was groping towards here, in parts, as its  more ambitious instrumentation stumbles towards, seven years before  &quot;Up.&quot; AFTP is more a transitional 90's entry. 7 out of 12 songs  are memorable--great for most bands; only slightly above-par for our  Athenian heroes, who'd done better before (through Document) and since  (NAIHF, Up) this record.
B00000ILDE|3.0|Hey, don't get me wrong--the film &quot;Aliens&quot; that I orginally saw on the big screen, and have rented numerous times on video, is a heart-pounding, pulse-raising 5 star sci-fi horror thriller.   Unfortunately, this isn't that movie, quite.  The additional 17  &quot;bonus&quot; minutes add only the most blatant of character  motivations and substantially slow down the pace of a film that already  started out slowly (I think all 17 minutes show up in the first half).   Worse yet, this additional footage is unavoidable on DVD--it's blended  right in: some whole scenes are new, some additonal footage has been  &quot;restored&quot; to scenes that used to be shorter and previously  packed more punch.   You can't avoid the extra footage if you wanted  to--and if you're like me, you'll want.  I would have much preferred that  it be tacked on at the end, or that this be a double-side disc that allowed  for veiwing of the orginal theatrical release.  The main realization this  extra footed provided was what a wise editor this film had in its original  incarnation.  The other extras also didn't quite live up to expectations.   So Cameron has his &quot;director's cut&quot; now, but I don't have a copy  of a film I love and would like to be able to view for my $30 investment  without fast-forwarding through scenes I didn't want and that this film  doesn't need.
B000002UW1|4.0|Great start all the way through &quot;The One I Love.&quot; Then, boredom except for one of their loveliest, &quot;King of Birds,&quot; with that raga-rock pattern echoing the, uh, Byrds. The beginning of the ablum, with  what on vinyl made perfect sense as Side One, is still their  &quot;Abbey-Road side two&quot;--their most assured and sustained  continuous slab of tunes.<br />The typewriter in &quot;McCarthy,&quot; the  industrial thrust of &quot;Worksong,&quot; the telegraphic  &quot;Strange,&quot; the cryptic fable &quot;Heron,&quot; and the (weakened  only by overplay on radio--not REM's fault!) &quot;ITEOFTWAWKI  (AIFF)&quot;: what a line-up! &quot;Occupation&quot; is a bit too much  after &quot;Mc&quot; and &quot;Worksong&quot; when it comes to stabs at  topicality in Reagan times, but it still makes a metaphor fresh enough, I  guess, compared to the dreck that passed for much of pop music then and  even more now. Old fogy, hmm?<br />Which makes the slip-off on side two  puzzling, as if they had not learned to stop repeating the muddle of  &quot;Fables&quot; and the so-so songs on much of &quot;Pageant, like  &quot;Swan Swan H.&quot; It's as if they willfully sabotaged what they'd  set in motion. &quot;A pistol hot cup of&quot; obscure Southern  regionalisms, anyone? The decline on Side Two does derail this record  somewhat, but the rush of the first songs and the beauty of &quot;King of  Birds&quot; still manage to add up to one of REM's best.
B00000JGOH|5.0|An excellent film in all aspects - very funny, well acted and romantic. The US version of the disc has only a few extras though - the UK version (region 2) is the definitive version with a documentary, gallery, bios, TV  spots etc.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Of all the albums I own, and I own quite a few, nothing pleases me more than a listen to OK Computer.  It has a texture and sound that, in my opinion, has no match.  This is simply the best album I own and will  probably ever own.  I deeply love it.
B000002X1O|2.0|I've owned this album since it came out and after hearing other Airplane and Airplane derived music, this falls short. It has nothing to do with psychedelia. It was made for commercial purposes. Only about half the songs  are any good. Kantner and Slick were pretty burnt out when they made this  kitsch.
B000003Z4C|2.0|I've got to be honest.  I love the guy, but of all his albums, this one contains the worst stuff.  The best songs here are OK, and the throw-aways are worthless.  On the album &quot;Henry's Dream,&quot; the song  &quot;Brother My Cup Is Empty&quot; was essentially a throw-away (albeit a  good one); on this album, it would lead the pack.<br />Exception:  I really  got to like &quot;Do You Love Me Part II&quot; once I caught on to it.  But  the rest of this record is weak - &quot;Red Right Hand&quot; is kind of  interesting, though.<br />Fortunately, his albums improved a bit after this,  because I think he came to terms with his mellowing nature and stopped  trying to sound like a drug-addict rebel.
6302798450|5.0|Disregard any foul reviews to this movie. It, along with Evil Dead 2, is the cleverest, funniest, horror spoof with the greatest ending in the history. I laughed my ass of. This is is a must see for movie-goers and  film students.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I have seen Santana live in concert twice in Florida way before this CD came out. He has always been an excellent guitairist with excellent songs, he can make music that brings out your spiritual, sensitive side, to rockin  latin styles. I think the song SMOOTH is great as in bringing him out and  making him more noticable to those who never heard him for the past 20  years. He is a legend, and there are other songs on this CD that are even  better than SMOOTH! it is an EXCELLLLLENT line-up of songs, TRACKS I  recommend are 1,2,3,4,7,and 11. those are my favorite!
0780625129|5.0|This is the best argument against neo-nazism in all of modern  lit/culture. Your head would have to be firmly ensconsed in your a** to not agree with this provocative and powerful statement about the scourge of  racism. I can't forget the question 'what have they done to make your  standard of living better?'. Ask the same thing after educating yourself.
B000005J56|5.0|I heartily agree with every thing the Music Lover from Boston had to say.  As I watched the movie, I kept on thinking to myself, it is great Ry Cooder found these guys, and if he does his job as a promoter he will bring them a  lot of money and noteriety as well as dollars for himself.  but why does he  need to play.  I found Cooder's slide guitar distracting and totally un  integral with the music.  Ry, you were almost there!  There is a time and  place for everything.
B000003TA4|5.0|Although I am not old enough to be a Nirvana fan from the beginning, I have now seen the light.  Nevermind sets right next to my Limp Bizkit and Korn CDs in my case.  Anyone you can appreciate a cultural classic will  like this album.  No, i'm not into grunge, but i am into radical things  that change the entire face of a whole generation.
0195067142|5.0|This is an extraordinary memoir, not least because of its plain honesty and sometimes matter-of-fact delivery.  That Mr. Sledge is not a literary stylist or professional writer gives his account of the nightmare of battle  added weight and terror--we get the real story as it was lived.  Such a  book shows just how wrong Hollywood usually is when dealing with the  subject of combat, particularly when it tries to make savages and lunatics  of the men who fought and died.  They were more often than not ordinary men  who found that they were capable of extraordinary courage and valor in the  face of unspeakable savagery.  This book shows the stark, terrifying  reality of war in an unforgettable way.  There  are lessons here that desperately need to be learned.  As Mr. Sledge  writes, \\"With privilege comes responsibility.\\"  Highly  recommended!
B000006OS2|5.0|Just to chime in with the rest of the reviews - This is the worst transfer ever. I have the VHS and it is better than the DVD.  Stop this madness with the rush to market DVDs.  Do it right or don't do it at all!!!
0684847248|5.0|If you're looking for &quot;more&quot; in your family life, work, friendships - this book provides the definition of principles and values for living a full life, concepts of the sort that weren't emphasized much  for many in our generation.  For example, the concept of delayed  gratification.  Why wait when I can have it now?  If &quot;quick fix&quot;  doesn't do it for you anymore, read this book (it in itself is not a quick  fix, so more than once to ponder the theories and relate them to your own  life and actions) to map out a strategy for self-discovery, personal  growth, and true love (the definition of which will make you think hard  about how you think you &quot;love&quot; others).  And for a person who has  lived a life without a formal religious background or any other  &quot;spiritual training,&quot; it's an interesting introduction to the  definition and concept of spirituality.  It's an uncomfortable read at  times, but also very exciting.  I highly recommend this fascinating book.
0060987464|4.0|Look, I'm not a fan of hard rock.  I'm 29 and I always hated the likes of Iron Maiden/Judas Priest/Ozzy. Before reading this book, one of the few things of Manson's I was familiar with was the (hilarious) promo he did  with Ben Stiller for an MTV awards show. That and his (very disturbing and  captivating) performance of &quot;The Beautiful People&quot; during the  show.  And his videos, I guess, which I always would think, &quot;This is  just shock rock shit, Jesus, this is disgusting and so totally marketed to  acne-ridden morons who drink tall-boys&quot;...but, you know something? for  some reason, I'd never change the channel.  So I knew he was smart, and he  would ineviatably have some of the best &quot;sex, drugs, and  rock'n'roll&quot; stories to tell.  So I figured it would be a fun  state-of-the-art &quot;rock&quot; book. Manson delivers exactly that, but  not at all in the contexts I anticipated.  The book begins with Manson  detailing his adolescence: his pervert grandfather, his experiences in  Catholic School, his first, awkward sexual encounters.  Guess what?   There's a good chance you'll be surprised by how familiar a lot of these  situations seem, and how much you recognize them from your own youth.  (sorry, grandpa)  The book then goes on to discuss his transformation from  wormish Brian Warner to big, bad Marilyn Manson.  But here's the twist: he  doesn't come off as some idiotic, megalomaniacal schmuck: he pulls off the  neat trick of telling the tale with a sense of humility and humanity.   There are moments here of genuine surpirse and compassion. And humor. I  could go on and on, but the point is: read it. Whoever you are.
B00000K2SC|5.0|When i saw the trailer on the cinema,i thinke &quot;i can't wait to see Matrix&quot;... Matrix has very good special effects and very good stars.Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne just make the film much better...  if you don't saw Matrix,i go to go a cinema near you...or wait and order at  Amazon,that is what i am doing... bye
6302914191|5.0|I was very disappointed in the quality of this set.  They have crammed multiple episodes onto each videotape, running at slow speed and both the picture quality and sound quality are terrible.  However, having said that,  I am keeping the set as it is complete and I am a fan.  I sit here with my  Twin Peaks Sheriff's Office coffee mug and enjoy the heck out of the  episodes!
B00000J7J7|5.0|Robert Levin recommended that I check this dude out!!!  Am I glad I did!!!  I bought all five of his CDs.  And they are all brilliant!  The trios and the solo piano CDs get better with  repeated listenings!!!  Brad is one of  the few jazz pianists who can actually improvise contrapuntally:  independent lines with both hands!!!  Double-barreled threat!!!  Bach did  it ... he was quite infamous for improvising four-part fugues!!!  Robert  Levin, by the way, has carved a career doing that too ... improvising  fugues on the spot!!!
0140283587|3.0|This work comes charging out of the gates:  the first of the three sections is hilarious and right on target.  If you've done a bit of traveling, you will recognize these characters that Sutcliff paints with  such economy and wicked accuracy.  At some point in the middle of the  novel, however, everything loses focus:  I have a feeling that the author  changed his mind as to who the narrator was and what he was going to take  from his experiences.  Thus adrift, the novel finally closes down with a  whimper.  Nonetheless, a very quick, very light read and at a good price:   check it out if you've traveled.  For those who've not (remember,  &quot;it's not compulsory&quot;), borrow it (no need to buy).
6300216268|5.0|Every time I see this film I get something new out of it.  Harold, young, and obsessed with death meets and falls in love with Maude, old, and obsessed with living.  To say more would give away too much.  There is so  much richness in this film, that it demands multiple viewings.  The  dialogue is full of quotes you want to start writing them down.  And the  single, breif view of the tatoo on Maude's arm says so much about her past  and who she is...<br />For those looking for a soundtrack should pick up Cat  Stevens' Footsteps in the Dark, which contains the first time releases for  the songs exclusive to the film.
B00000K19E|5.0|I love this movie. My boyfriend took me to see it (it was a compromise: He got mindless action and I got to see Keanu Reeves!) But boy was I supprised when the plot amazingly kept me awake!! I mean you had to pay attention to  know what was going on (and I love that!!) Both my Boyfriend and I came out  raveing!! Some one below me said it was as &quot;hard to understand&quot;  as Mission Impossible. Well I dont know what this says but I loved that  movie too. It was the same AKA it kept me watching the movie instead of  driffting off to look at my watch! Maybe this guy just wants to be able to  numb his mind out and watch blood fly, but if your not like that but still  want action go for this movie because it WAS GREAT
6300247120|5.0|I've watched this movie at least 6 times. It never fails to bring a tightness to my throat because it addresses a universal human stage in life. The breaking away from childhood into that freightening, but freedom  filled realm of young adulthood is a risk, an odyessy into the unknown. All  the questions about &quot;Are we good enough ?&quot; haunt every  adolescent. The metaphor of breaking away from the pack in a bike race  is  clever but you don't need to understand anything about cycling or even  sports to understand this movie.  Paul Dooley as the father is real and  touching. He is every father engaged in that terrible struggle of loving a  child who is emerging as an adult, but not understanding the emergence.   The movie is dated, it is somewhat corny, the actors are mostly no names  (or were at the time), and the bike racing scenes are not very realistic .  But the message that life moves on and turns out alright is waiting for us  at the end,  and the overpowering &quot;sweetness&quot; of the story is  timeless. I have enjoyed watching this with my children who as college  students understand what this movie is about.
0812550706|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read. Very well written. I don't usually like stories about boys, or about war. But this one is different. I could get into the main character (Ender) and really connect with him. Oh,  and contrary to some other reviews I have seen here, this is also not a  &quot;children's&quot; book, although kids might enjoy it.
6304057709|5.0|I don't have much else I can add about this wonderful film that hasn't been said already.  A point I will make, however, is that being male, it's too bad that so many other &quot;guys&quot; can't or won't let themselves  enjoy a movie like this.  It's always irritated me that some movies are  considered &quot;guy&quot; films, while others are considered  &quot;women's&quot; films.
1878424432|5.0|Some things are simpler than they look. Ruiz sees life as an agreement made by, and with human beings and the universe.  However, his simple agreements are much more than they appear to be.  Just take any one of them  and apply it to your life and you will see immediate change. Although they  are stated clearly and directly - these agreements are hard to genuinely  apply to one's life because they require a look at one's true self, and I  caution you to not underestimate their simplicity.  If you fear change,  this book will terrify you and provide you with exactly what you really  need to shake up your life and move forward.  If you do not fear change -  then you will be able to see the benefits without the veil of fear.  Either  way - accept it's simplicity, and you will benefit greatly from these  simple agreements.
B00000253N|5.0|This album is destructive, beautiful, for the lost...listen to it when you are alone and so melancholy your body cannot move. There's nothing enjoyable in these songs, but you may listen with a wry, bitter smile and a  handful of tears.
0792156684|4.0|Titanic is an over all good movie. It stays close to the historical facts of the actual event. That is one of the primary reasons i believe this to be a good movie. But there is one unfortunate down-fall, as aforementioned.  And that is the casting of Leonardo DiCaprio in the role of Jack Dawson. I  dont dislike for the same reasons most other males dont. As a four year  drama student and a Thespian, I simply did not believe DiCaprio to be  Dawson. Its not simply Titanic, its every other movie he has performed in  that I have seen. He just does not give a convincing performance.<br />Thank  you
038533348X|5.0|excellent characters and plot line. good discussion on problems in world, but in humorous way. vonnegut is a genius and a funny one at that.
B00000255F|4.0|There is no reason for another review that says &quot;great&quot;, and most acknowledge Springsteen as a wonderful and prolific songwriter.  I feel however, from this humble, lay point of view, that if the CD is ever  re-released that the instrumentation be further in the background; Bruce's  words are important to hear and he has a wonderful voice, please don't  cover it up with so much brass,etc.!
B000002C2E|5.0|dylan is so honest it hurts-nothing is hidden here, the musicians back up the lyrics perfectly...difficult to understand if you are young, perhaps, or just limited in the human experience. the music is connected indellibly  to a history of other musicians and old lyrics, all the sounds are coming  from a well of experience and tradition, but still completely original. dim  the lights and listen.
1558807381|5.0|Legend is the best movie.The story was great,the costumes were wonderful,and the cast was perfect. This movie really shows you how strong and pure love could and should be.I wish they would make more movies like  this. We all need to see a fairy tale sometimes.
B000002U82|5.0|There is no comparison.  This is musicians and engineers coming together for the good of all.  In my youth, I didn't understand.  But then I &quot;awoke&quot; and learned to close my eyes and become one with the  sound.  There are not many things that can take you this high.  For the  girl who compared Floyd to Sarah M and Sheryl C:  get a better stereo -  maybe then too, you can understand.  I am a woman (a rarity, it seems  amongst Pink Floyd fans) who will never stop listening to the voices inside  because of Pink Floyd.
0783227272|3.0|I avoided this movie for many, many months, because, while I view myself as a  person of conscience and good-will, I am also tired -- so utterly, inexpressibly weary -- of having the matter of slavery continually hashed  up in an accusatory way, as though I am to feel shame for something I had  no hand in.  I am especially burned out on exaggeration, inaccuracy, and  one-sidedness.  But this, I thought, was a fair-minded presentation, and  I  am glad to have seen it.  It is worthwhile. If the reader is considering  viewing or purchasing the video, he should know that, in my opinion, he  will enjoy it more if he is forwarned about the occasionally heavy-handed  sentimentality.  The music is at times overblown and annoying -- especially  during J. Q. Adams' closing speech, during which it is so pointedly,  sometimes inappropriately stirring as to be downright distracting.  The  laugh-track mentality, in a way.  And while one is delighted that events  turn out as they do, you have to suspend a little disbelief in order to  appreciate the movie fully;  in reality, it is hard to buy the suggestion  that this fairly straight-forward adjudication of the fact of national  origin represented a great philosophical victory for those seeking to bring  an end to the practice of slavery.  It was, rather, a very gratifying  personal victory for forty-some individuals, based on the peculiar  circumstances of their case.   There were also a few too many efforts to  have the characters express growing respect and understanding of eachother  -- the bonding moments-- in scenes that were a ponderously sentimental or  portentous. Irritatingly, Cinque's every utterance is presented &quot;with  the eclat of a proverb&quot;.*  But the young man acting the role is a fine  talent.  I hope we will see more of him. All of this aside, if for no other  reason,  I would recommend this movie for the sheer delight of watching  Anthony Hopkins obviously enjoying himself in the role of John Quincy  Adams.  But there is much else to appreciate in this film. *  J. Austen,  P&amp;P.
0783211856|2.0|The answer is you don't need them becoue everyone speaks English. I was reminded of a movie I once saw in which Japanese speaking cowboys fought Japanese speaking Native Americans! But this was even worse. Good Guy Nazi  Liem Neeson speaks English with a phony American accent while Bad Guy Nazi  Ralph Fiennes speaks English with a phony German accent. It couldn't have  been any more blatant if they had white hats and black hats.<br />What upsets  me is that these are great actors under the direction of a great director  depicting actual events which should be shown with the utmost realism. What  we have is Neil Armstrong stepping out onto the lunar surface and saying,  &quot;That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.&quot;  But the words coming out of his mouth are Russian.
B0000026CN|4.0|This is a fine album and his best since Welcome.  Welcome?  Whatever happened to that masterpiece?
B000001Y42|5.0|Heavy metal is a rare find these days. I bought their latest CD, and liked it. It had pretty cool lyrics. Especicialy Break Stuff. But then I bought their old one, and thought it was soooo much better. I loved Pollution and  Stuck. Fred Durst REALLY freaks out at the end of Pollution!!!! It kicks  ass! KILL THE POLLUTION!!
B00000ICD9|3.0|Of course, the critics didn't like it.  And everyone wants Robin Williams to stick to comedy; however, this film has a message (that not everyone will get) and can be depressing to some. The special effects, as reviewed,  are awesome.  Give it a try!
6301562941|1.0|Truly abysmal.  Yes, the special effects are tremendous, but the moronic screenplay is hard to get past.  Is this film what took Mastrontonio and Biehn off the A-list?  They're directed to play ideas, not people.  Biehn,  otherwise a competent actor, twitches and rolls his eyes here, indulging in  every acting cliche.  Poor Mastrontonio, usually brilliant, here goes from  cynical realist to alien-spotter in one fell swoop.  Come on.  Anyone else  in her position would assume that she has discovered a previously unknown  sea creature before deciding it's an alien.  There are unbelievable jumps  in the story; it's just a mess.  Only Ed Harris escapes unscathed.  I'd  rather see an Esther Williams water picture than this mess again.
B0000024U8|5.0|College in the late 60's was a grind for me because I was taking engineering courses, working construction in the summer and had the draft board breathing down my neck. This album and Butterfield's first two albums  just seemed to nail so many things. I mean, this was rock and roll and yet  it was better than rock and roll. The Stones never sounded quite the same  after that.
0671510991|4.0|An interesting work about the evolution of diplomatic relations between western nations since the 17th century to the end of the cold war. Kissinger can indeed describe the tidings of political times and explain  the reactions of statesmen and peoples to foreign threats, but his opinion  is highly biased in asserting the fundamentations of the USA's foreign  policies and in his analysis of the cold war. The United States, like their  European cousins, aren't just fundamentally driven by ideals in defining  their foreign policies: of course that ideals always have some influence  (and every nation tends to pounder greatly this matters when dealing with  other peoples), but we can't say that american policies toward China,  Indonesia and Chile's dictatorships rest solely on ideals. Political and  economic interests are always powerful aspects in the minds of statesmen.  Yet, even if Kissinger's views of the cold war are highly biased (he tells  about the oppression in communist countries, but forgets to tell about  american illegal involvement in supporting many of the butchers that  conducted civillian slaughters in Latin America and Africa), he can give us  a good introspective look on the thoughts of diplomatic negotiators or  statesmen and the sequence that events took throughout the last centuries  and that lead to the complex post-cold-war world we live today.  <br />25th of  August of 1999
B000003BF1|5.0|I don't think they ever did a better studio album before or since.<br />When it first came out this was one of the warm-up albums college radicals used to play loud the nights before whatever riots.<br />An otherwise intelligent  fellow draftee claimed that he was flying on acid the night he heard Gimme  Shelter for the first time, like really, really loud at some party, and the  tune absolutely topped off his experience. Or at any rate, that portion of  which he could still recall.<br />Even if you never threw any rocks or did any  acid, this is still a kick to listen to. Like Keith Richards said more  recently, I ain't heard anything better yet.<br />The album completes the  promise that Beggar's Banquet showed. Jagger has said in an interview that  both albums were written and recorded at about the same time.
B0000024K1|5.0|P.E. has always has something good to say. Most people may not like what they say.They only speak the truth.The truth only hurt the guitly KEEP   UP THE GOOD WORDS      <br />                          CRYSTAL
B000000993|5.0|tool is by far my favorite band. their style is like no other bands. the lyrics are so deep and have meaning behind them. all the songs are great but crawl away, sober and swamp song are the best. any one who loves rock  and metal should buy this cd. every musician in tool is so unbelievable.  being a musician myself i apreciate their talent. one of the best cds ever!
B00000JSJC|5.0|Almost no one I talk to has seen this film, and I don't even remember it being at the theater.  I rented it one day by luck, and have watched it at least seven times in three years.  The sound on this movie is the best I  have ever heard, and that was just VHS, I can't wait to hear 5.1 on the  DVD.  Simply fantastic action scenes, a love story, great music, and lots  of whodunnit intrigue.  This movie has it all.
630469878X|5.0|As a lover of the Southwestern deserts, I find this movie extremely appealing.  The film is a winner just for its artistic merits.  Ridley Scott knew how to put together the music, the mood, the pace, and the  setting.  Recall the curious matron at the bus stop gazing at Louise in her  convertible while she waits for Thelma, who incidentally was robbing the  store---that camera motion, the light, the music matching the naive  curiosity, and the incongruous presence of Louise in the T'bird.  And then,  the aimless driving in the moonlight surrounded by the rock monuments of  Arches National Park, and Louise's contemplating their fate amid such  beautiful surroundings at the crack of dawn---indeed a powerful scene  evoking the experiences of awe some of us have had when in the midst of  these humbling desert vastness.  What could she be thinking that kept her  awake, while her less mature soulmate was fast asleep in the car?  Even  more powerful was the scene when they flee the chaos of countless police  cars chasing them in the field, and finding themselves in the yawning rock  wilderness of Canyonlands National Park. The ominous silence, a minimum of  background music that builds up slowly to the portent of the helicopter  hovering, but still hidden, alongside them above the Colorado River, and  then suddenly emerging face-to-face, much to their desperation, or so we  think.  The director knew the magic of the desert and canyon wilderness and  used it to maximum advantage as spectacular backdrop to the concluding and  climactic part of this gem of a movie.
B000002U9E|4.0|I couldn't get enough of &quot;Running Up That Hill&quot; in the fall of 1985. It is simply a brilliant tune. One of the 80's best. This album is just as good. I once woke up at dawn and having trouble going back to  sleep, popped this CD into the player. It was an incredible experience  listening to it with headphones on as the light slowly came up in the sky.  By the time the glorious final track, &quot;Morning Fog&quot; came on I was  hit with the realization of what an incredible CD this is. The only problem  is now I'm more and more inclined to listen to this early in the morning.
B0000028UK|5.0|With the first notes of &quot;Go&quot;, Pearl Jam lays to rest the richly mythical soundscapes of Ten and pronounces its rage to the world.<br />The raw sound the band achieves on this record with new producer Brendan O'Brien  (who after Vitalogy would lose his touch with the band) fits the songs  perfectly.  &quot;Animal&quot;, &quot;Dissident&quot; and  &quot;W.M.A.&quot; achieve a degree of violence that is exhilirating to the  increasingly ironic, detached rock of today, whereas  &quot;Rearviewmirror&quot; is the band's single best recording, with its  hard-hitting rhythm section, melodic appeal, and brain-frying guitar  lines.<br />On the experimental side we have the Led Zeppelin-esque  &quot;Daughter&quot;, the funky metallic monster &quot;Rats&quot;, the  introspective genius of &quot;Indifference&quot; and the folkish  &quot;Elderly Woman Behind the Counter in a Small Town&quot;.  The only  sour note on the album is &quot;Blood&quot;, a sub-standard thrash tune  with an uninteresting riff and melodramatic vocal/lyrical screechings.  One  small dent in the armour that is this monumental hard-rock album, one of  the best of its type in the '90s.
B00000JZC4|5.0|Filter's follow up album Title of Record is really great. It has fast beats, heavy guitar, and bad ass singing by Richard Patrick. If you loved Short Bus you'll defenitely like this one.
B000002AZ8|5.0|Whereas Ten was an extremely well rounded classic and its follow-up Vs. a relentless juggernaut, Vitalogy is the erratic masterpiece -- like The Beatles' eponymous &quot;White Album&quot;.<br />Vitalogy contains blazing  high points like the raw cry of anguish &quot;Last Exit&quot; (with its  intriguing 5/4 beat), the carnivorous &quot;Spin the Black Circle&quot;,  vocally soaring &quot;Tremor Christ&quot;, the elegiac  &quot;Immortality&quot; and of course, the album's best duo of songs, the  treatise on independence &quot;Corduroy&quot; and the affecting ballad  &quot;Better Man&quot;.  Then you have weird moments like the  accordion-and-spoken-word &quot;Bugs&quot;, a sloppy garage-rock tune in  &quot;Satan's Bed&quot;, and experimental pieces like &quot;Pry, To&quot;  and &quot;Aye Davanita&quot;.<br />This album has many more ups and downs than  any other Pearl Jam release.  But that, I think, is part of its greatness.   Pearl Jam after Vitalogy would eventually lapse into a kind of mid-tempo  malaise, losing its dynamics and intoxicating tensions in favour of  generalist rock.  Personally, I'd take Vitalogy over No Code, Live on Two  Legs or Yield any day.
B00000JZC4|5.0|What else should I say except that it rocks and you should get it
B000002JSP|2.0|This is Zep's worst album.Recommended only to die hard Zeppelin fans
B000002UB3|5.0|The Abbey Road album is a great album. I think it is better than that yeah yeah yeah stuff but I like that stuff too. This album you are not affraid of turning up the volume to. Some of The Beatles best songs are on here  including George's hits Something and Here Comes the Sun. My favorite songs  off this album is Sun King and I Want You &quot;she's so heavy&quot;. A  great late Beatles mode we all should love. Buy this album!
0375707972|4.0|This book was different, but that made it very refreshing. I would recommend it.
6301986024|4.0|After having just seen the latest version of the Thomas Crown Affair I much preferred the original version with Steve McQueen &amp; Faye Dunaway.  It had subler shadings in it and even though it wasn't as slick as the  Brosnan-Russo &quot;Affair&quot;, I felt it was more stylish, and had more  substance.  It really kept you guessing more, and the ending was more in  keeping with the nuances played out during the film itself.   The newer one  threw in so much unnecessary nudity it grated on me. Too much of the  &quot;90's obligatory gratuitous sex&quot; trying to make a good movie  better.  It didn't succeed. Steven McQueen gave you much more of a feel of  a man who had his finger in many pies and was simply bored with his  predictable (boring, rich life) and out to pit his considerable brain power  against his antagonists.  There too, there was more of the picture of the  Law against the man who believed he could beat the odds. All in all,  McQueen's Thomas Crown Affair had both style  AND substance; the Brosnan  Affair had only the style.
0880381736|5.0|This is the book that started it all for me.  The characters and storyline draw you in and dont let you go.  Raistlin and Tanis are some of the best fantasy characters out there.  I would still like to see more adventures  from their earlier days but I can always re-read this on.  A keeper for  sure.
B0000042H4|5.0|You are new to the Ring, maybe even new to Wagner? Buy THIS Ring. It has by far the best singers (Neidlinger, Windgassen, etc.) and even if he is not THE best Solti is at least one of the best Wagner conductors. And by  the way, sonically this performance is hard to beat. Conclusion? A safe  bet. Go for it!
B000005JA8|5.0|This happy go lucky collection of uplifting ditties always puts me in a good mood as I sing merrily along with the good Captain.  I am glad that he made such an accessible collection of jolly tunes, much easier to get into  than the source influences such as Charlie Patton and early Archie Shepp,  which are truly difficult to listen to.  Anyone who has trouble with this  one just doesn't know enough music.  That's not the Captain's fault, if the  world is too uninformed to easily enjoy his music.
630522577X|5.0|Although Julie Andrews was a better singer, Audrey Hepburn was a far much better actress with a wide range of acting abilities.  Mrs. Hepburn was very funny as well as dramatic.  Nobody could have portrayed the feelings  and expressions of Eliza Doolitle with such a heart-felt emotion and  honesty from beggining to end.  Only a flower girl as portrayed by Mrs.  Hepburn could have been the cause for Professor Higgins, a recalcitrant  bachelor, to say &quot;...I have grown accustomed to her...&quot; at the  possibility of a life without her. <br />My Fair Lady is one of the best  movies ever made. It is better than West Side Story, and Sound of Music  because of its extraordinary and unique storyline.  It is a superb movie  that happens to be a musical.  Besides its beautiful music, lyrics, actors,  costumes, period sets, and any other categories of production, the viewer  is captivated because of the most exquisite romantic comedy story ever  written, with its intricate and witty dialogue.  Only after several viewing  one may capture the delicacies and nuances of the story and its characters.   Every single line is as valuable as any other, and it has a meaning as  profound as any other, and they are so engaging that once the movie is over  one would not believe that 3 hours has elapsed.     Stage musicals brought  into the silver screen should not be judged with an emphasis on their music  and vocal abilities, but rather on their storylines, and the messages thus  portayed.<br />I definitely recommend the reading of both reviews by James  Berardinelli and Roger Ebert from the movie database here at amazon.  They  have it right on the money and so well written.<br />Here is a quote from  James Berardinelli:  &quot;Consider this possibility: a romantic comedy  with no nudity, no sex, and no kissing.  In fact, there aren't even any  declarations of love.  The closest the female character comes to admitting  her feelings is saying that she could have danced all night with the man;  the closest he gets is remarking that he is grown accustomed to her face.  Could such a project lift off the pad in today's cliamte?<br />One would be  very cynical if he or she has not seen the movie before, as it happened to  me until I saw it in this restored DVD.
B000002KAT|5.0|This is a great album due to large part to the incredible rhythm section of Richard Davis and Connie Kay.  Richard Davis, who is the greatest bass player in the world of all time (with everyone from Stravinsky, Eric  Dolphy, Sarah Vaughan, Bruce Springsteen, Ben Webster, Andrew Hill, etc.  etc.) plays simply brilliantly throughout, in a way which is truly  innovative for a pop album.  His contribution lifts this album from an  excellent collection of songs to a towering masterpiece.
B00000ILDE|5.0|If you saw Aliens in the theatre and were sitting next to some guy that kept cowering and covering his eyes, that was probably me.  Put me down in the corner of those that feel the film is better with the added footage  than without it.
B000003BEM|5.0|This is an excellent CD! Sympathy for the Devil is a great song. Get this CD.
6302508878|5.0|A classic. It's unbelievable at how well this film was made considering we were just entering the talkies era. The special effects were fantastic and matched anything we saw through the '70s. Great atmosphere created on Skull  Island, which I believe is now a posh vacation resort, and the NYC scenes  were great.
0399128964|5.0|I've read Dune (at the subsequent 5 sequels) at least 6 times now over the past 20 years.  It really changes your outlook on life.  Frank Herbert had a wonderful sense of society and a great imagination to create such an  astonishing world.  David Lynch tried his best to capture that imagination  when he made the film version of Dune.  Visually, it's a great movie;  however, it's difficult to capture all of the book's nuances in just a few  short hours.  If you've seen the movie, READ THE BOOK!  If you haven't seen  the move, STILL READ THE BOOK!
034538072X|5.0|This book is one of the most well-written and easiest to read books on Tudor monarchs.  Ms. Weir presents only the facts in a clear, concise format.
0780622553|5.0|I'm a little perplexed by Amazon.com's review, which says that the movie is style over substance because Dark City has both in spades. The plot has unexpected turns and twists and you can't help but feel for the main character, Murdoch, played by Rufus Sewell, who does an excellent job like everyone else in the cast. Add many references to older film classics, great cinematography as well as excellent special effects and sets, and you have a film that could quite possibly become a classic in itself. So, in that respect, I think Amazon is dead wrong.<br />And, even better, the DVD itself has many great features like commentary by Roger Ebert and by Alex Proyas, the director, which helps gain a better appreciation of the film in general. It's probably the best DVD I've purchased yet that takes advantage of the format's capabilities.<br />So, I'd highly recommend the film. It's dark, well-done, and just plain delightful to watch.
B000002H97|5.0|This is one of the few albums in which you can listen to every track in succession without getting too bored.  I would also call the song writing and music on this album a huge accomplishment, especially for band who does  music like Metallica.  But on a personal note, this album contains probably  the best structured and written song ever done by any group, this track  being &quot;The Unforgiven.&quot;  I have never heard such a powerful and  beautiful song like it.  That right there is a reason to get this album.   So if you don't have this album yet, buy it now.
0312857063|5.0|Stone of Tears is a masterpeice of litureture.  I've never read a book so captivating...  I read the nearly 1,000 page book in five days I just couldn't put it down.  I scincerly recomend buying this book.
0767835107|1.0|Just diagnosed by engineers at JVC repair centers, this DVD can cause certain makes of DVD players (like my JVC) to freeze and be unable to read or play ANY DVD. Beware. This is (in my opinion) the equivilant of a VIRUS!  Some Toshiba and Sony DVD players are also susceptible.
0451160916|5.0|I loved The Shining.  I have read a few of Stephen King's novels, and I have more than my share of criticism for them, but most of the time the book delivers.  One of my problems is that it takes about one hundred pages  for his novels to become interesting enough for a person to refrain from  putting it down.  But perhaps it is becuase I was 14 when I read this novel  that I didn't find it that interesting at first.  But once you get your  first fright, the book takes off.  The mental images that King conjures up  are so vivid that they stay in your head, and you loathe to turn off the  lamp at night.  The things that happen at that hotel are the most basic  things that frighten us, and that is why it is so effective.  The sense  that something behind you just moved, or that someone is going to grab you  are embodied by the hedge animals closing in on our leading man, the ghosts  chasing his son throughout the story.  This is an excellent book for a  person to be introduced to Stephen King with, but it may lead to  disappointment with his later books, which tend to rely on gore and  stereotypes to elicit a response from the audience instead of being truly  frightening.  I also would recommend Misery, which manages to frighten  without being supernatural, instead using the human psyche to make your  skin crawl.
B000009ED0|5.0|When I first listened to the CD, I thought that this guy would be like a nasty performer who expoited midgets and women. Upon hearing all the songs, I had to go back and listen to them again and again and a again because  they were so great. Kid is a fabulous performer with a flair for the  dramatic. Usually people buy a CD for 1 good song. This CD is packed with  hit after hit.
0790736942|5.0|I watched this movie with a friend of mine, and I wasn't expecting much.  I figured that hey, this is the ninties, and we're pretty much desensitized to everything, so nothing from the seventies could scare us.  And the slow  beginning of the movie wasn't convincing us otherwise.  But soon enough we  were both screaming and turning away from the screen.  As others have  mentioned, some scenes are hard to watch, but they are so shocking that you  don't want to look away.  Though the effects aren't completely seamless,  something about the way they are handled makes it seem real, like you're  watching a documentuary.  The priest is an interesting character, and adds  a skeptic's point of view to the reasons for Regan's behavior.  You  sympathize with him, and his feelings of guilt over his treatment of his  mother.  I'm sure that many people will mock the movie, and the somewhat  dated effects, but those people weren't planning to enjoy the movie in the  first place.  I recommend the Exorcist for people who are tired of horror  films with teenagers goring each other after sex, and I suggest watching it  with a group of people.  You don't want to watch this movie by yourself.
079073804X|5.0|I just recently bought the 25th Anniversary edition.  I had never seen the spider scene before. TOTALLY CREEPY!!!!!
B0000060NF|5.0|This dark toned album stands today as one of rock's greatest masterpieces.  This was the \\"Sgt. Pepper\\" of Marvin Gaye's career, only here the \\"show\\" is a dark allegory of strife and protest.  It's theme draws an eerie parallel to Gaye's murder.  The finale of the album is the most haunting ending of any album in rock history.  In fact, this album may have been Gaye's greatest album ever.
630529142X|1.0|This movie was boring, slow, and poorly written.  Watching this movie made me sick.  Adam Sandler is usually very funny, but in this movie he played an extremely lifeless character. Overall, I would have rather watched a  Golden Girls marathon.
0754022390|2.0|By far the slowest King book I've ever read.  Too much about baseball and not enough about the wilderness.  PREDICTABLE
B0000062S0|1.0|Jimmy Page is my favourite guitarist ever but the last truly inspirational work was Physical Graffiti.  My god this album is bad except for Shining in the Light but this is no where near as good as any Led Zep stuff.  Jimmy  maybe it is time to hang up the guitar?  Unfortunately unlike the much  missed Rory Gallagher and Hendrix, we miss Jimmy but is still alive come on  Jimmy.
0790731894|5.0|No words can express what I feel about this movie... I just love it!!
6304057709|5.0|The thing that surprised me most about this wonderful film was Alan Rickman's subtly sweet performance.  Those  who do not fall immediately in love with Hugh Grant's stammering charmer Edward Ferrars, will certainly  find themselves drawn in by Rickman's heartbreaking Col. Brandon.  Don't  let the &quot;chick-flick&quot; title fool you, this is a terrific movie.
B00000DBXL|5.0|I have to say that this album grew on me.  I bought it for &quot;Never There&quot;, and was initially disappointed with the other songs.  However, within a week, I totally loved &quot;Sheep Go To Heaven&quot;, &quot;You  Turn the Screws&quot;, and &quot;Let Me Go&quot;.  Definitely hard to  classify, but very easy to enjoy.
B000002VCU|5.0|Truly a classic, must have. I am typically a fan of the heavier side, ie RUSH, Pink Floyd (that's how I got turned on to AP) but i have always loved this album.  Among the best ever for &quot;intimate&quot; moments  listening. Just set it to repeat and let it go.  enjoy!
6303921248|5.0|When I first saw this movie on A&amp;E, I was hooked.  The characters, the scenery, the costumes, the English manners,...everything just took my breath away.  I had to see it every time it came on A&amp;E.  Colin Firth  (absolutely gorgeous!) and Jennifer Ehle are wonderful as Mr. Darcy and  Elizabeth Bennett.  And, it is amazing how well it follows the novel.  I  highly recommend this movie!!!!!
6302994063|5.0|I&quot;m not trying to sound snobbish, but I think most folks who are content with the average Hollywood, multiplex baloney probably wouldn't like this one too much.  It's delightfully eccentric, and extremely funny  and romantic.  A great escape from mundane reality for a couple of hours.
0767802659|1.0|Single handedly one of the worst movies I have ever seen! Don't waste your money!
0800135954|2.0|Looks promising at first but quickly degenerates into overblown, romance novel style ridiculousness.  Brad Pitt's character is especially laughable - a free spirited wildman who ties back his ponytail, enlists to fight in  WWI,  and cuts the heart out of a dead German soldier.
B00000K19E|5.0|Most aspects of this movie were not original.  The idea of everything being an illusion is old and Matrix adds little to the concept.  The character development was the worst part of the movie, and only Morpheus  was anything more than utterly shallow.  The soundtrack seemed adequate.   But...come on, people!  This movie was fun!  Like Star Wars 20 years  before, Matrix draws on many cultural elements and ideas and weaves them  together in a wholy original, well-executed manner.  The result is at the  very least refreshing, often creative, and always engaging.  The parallels  to Star Wars go further.  There is a rich, compelling universe; a hero  gifted with supernatural powers; top-notch special effects; and finally a  background with a cheesy, but still meaningful and well-delivered message.   It is the synthesis, not the parts, that make Matrix original (and more  than a simple action movie).<br />To me, a good movie is one that compells  additional viewings and strives for originality.  The Matrix acheives this  at a level rarely matched in this decade.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie is a perfect mix of those hard core action fans and those deep thought movie fans. it makes you think on weather or not our lives are controlled by an unseen force...and then when you figgure that out you want  to kick its @$$. it's the BEST movie of 1999....even better than Jar Jar  Binks (never want to see that guy again!)
6303148352|5.0|This video has to be my absolute favorite. The plot is incredible, and the special effects are out of this world. I heartily appluad Spielberg and Chrichton for this masterpiece.
B0000029GA|5.0|If you dont like this album then start listening to Rock&amp;Roll or sumpthin. This is pure hip hop. It has no flaws at all. The lyrics are amazing the beats are incredible this is what rap is all about. And nas  only has one guest rapper showing that he can rap a whole album with no  help. And even AZ's guest rap is good on the jazz influenced &quot;Life's A  Bitch&quot; NOt too many people like It was Written but they have to  understand Nas was experimenting. Now with &quot;I am&quot; he produced yet  another classic album. There is no stopping Nasir Jones
B00000IQW3|4.0|I first saw this movie durning the summer when I was living in a trailer park. There was a Atari starfighter console game there, so seeing the movie at this time made quite an impression on me.<br />Along with &quot;cloak and  dagger&quot; and &quot;war games&quot; this was one of my favorite movies  of my youth. The DVD transfer is descent - in some places the colors are a  little washed out looking. The plot is simple, but clean.<br />At the time the  special effect were ground-breaking. This was the first film to use full  frame CGI using specially written software on a Cray, and the second file  with any CGI, only superseceded by disney's TRON.
0425170055|1.0|Will whoever kidnapped Tom Clancy please return him!  Some mediocre hack with trite, cartoonish political views has stolen and replaced one of my favorite authors.  Where are the intricately crafted and interesting  subplots, the believable villains, the heroes who, far from perfect, have  the conviction and inner strength to carry the day?   Where is the wealth  of meticulous research and studied, balanced points of view that, while  leaving no doubt that there are situations the require extraordinary acts  of violence to counter the evils of modern times, so graphically show that  there is a cost to this violence, deep moral searching that precedes its  use,  checks and balances to its exercise that keep it a tool of last  resort, and, most of all, heroes who understand that its exercise is best  used when used rarely? Replaced, by a world where the most passing thought  that some vague concern for the environment is a clear sign of moral decay  and an unmistakable indicator of one's suitability to be recruited to mass  with high tech ebola virus (I'm sure our friends in Duck's Unlimited and  the Audubon Society will find this to be confusing news).  Replaced, by  action sequences which would bore the average Saturday morning cartoon  audience, much less the thoughtful and intelligent readers drawn to  &quot;Rainbow 6&quot; by the high quality of Clancy's previous work ( 1:  Bad guys take hostages, 2: Good guys arrive and talk about what nasty  critters the bad guys are, 3:  Good guys use technology and superior  firepower to burst in and kill all the nasty bad guys, somehow managing to  avoid any hostage suffering so much as a hangnail --dispite the fact that  the these are ostensibly the worlds elite terrorist operatives, 4: A  grateful (whatever) bestows its thanks on the victors, who humbly note that  one or two of the million bullets they shot actually missed a bad guy's  head, 5: repeat until the reader is bored to tears, in my case, about 300  pages). I understand that all glory is a fleeting thing and certainly the  resounding mediocrity of the Tom Clancy Brand Net Force and Ops Center  novels should have been fair warning of low quality to come.  I guess I  still retained enough respect for the man and his previous work that I  expected better of a book he ostensibly authored himself.  I will not make  that mistake in the future.
0800141660|5.0|I really, really love this movie!  And the DVD version is great.  I had a lot of fun with the special features.  Emma Thompson is brilliant.  Hugh Grant is adorable.  The story is romantic, funny and totally engrossing.   Did I mention that I love this movie??
0061008079|5.0|WOW where do I start.  I was totally sucked into this book.  Barbara Taylor Bradfords way of keeping you interested at every turn of the page was phenominal!  A wonderfully courageous story of an enchanting woman. I  guarentee this book will take your breath away and leave you wanting to  know more.
630417893X|1.0|My Fair Lady has been the worst movie I ever saw.  I regrett ever spending time watching it.  There is basically no solid plot, and only one good song throught the 2-3 hour movie.  I'd say it was a mix between a linguistic  lecture on proper english, and sheer boredom
6304117752|5.0|I was brought up listening to The Sound of Music soundtrack and watching the movie - it is very moving for me...I wanted to introduce my children to it, but feared they would find it &quot;corny!&quot;  NOT SO!!  They (ages  5 and 9) both said it was the best movie they have ever seen - they spend  their days acting it out and they know every single word to every single  song.  This movie will live forever!
0792842723|5.0|The Bond series has received new life with the installment of Pierce Brosnan as the new James Bond.  He provides style and a sense of flair to the movies reminscent of the original Bond, Sean Connery.  The action,  plot, and the characters make this one of the best Bond movies yet  released.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I never really was a Santana fan.  I like some of their songs and definitely can appreciate his masterful guitar playing, but I was curious enough about this effort to buy it.  My curiosity started when I heard that  Dave Matthews contributed to a song.  Being a huge DMB fan, I started  thinking about it.  Then I heard &quot;Smooth&quot;.  That sealed it for  me.  I have been so sick of Matchbox 20 for the last year that I didn't  really care if they ever recorded anything else or not.  Now I'm thinking  that Rob Thomas should leave the band and go solo if he can do stuff like  this!  His voice and Carlos' guitar are a perfect mix!  Other favorites are  Everlasts' &quot;Put your lights on&quot; (another big surprise),  &quot;Migra&quot;, &quot;Maria Maria&quot;, &quot;Primavera&quot;,  &quot;The Calling&quot; and of course &quot;Love of My Life&quot;.  The  Lauren Hill song is the only one that annoys me (it would have been better  to include on her CD with Carlos guesting).  This whole CD brings light  into a world that was rapidly becoming a musical void.  It transcends  style, age, race, and culture to provide a truly positive musical  experience.
6303481272|5.0|I do agree, this anime is quite the best I have ever seen, but a few of the negative reviews I can see where they are coming from. But, regardless, it still rocks, 5 stars baby, all the way.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I saw Moby last night at a free concert in Boston: his music has been great since I first heard him, and even though I was sketched out when he became MTV's &quot;techno poster boy&quot; his talent and whimsy made it  all worthwhile. This album is a BIG FAT DELICIOUS get-back to the ambient  sounds that made him known. Buy this album twice- you might wear out your  CD player
6303481272|5.0|I am just working with the reviews others have put in, I do agree, best anime I have ever seen. But they did go a little overboard with the sex and violence, the reviews I have read are accurate, both the good, and the bad.  i can relate with all of you. But, the good outweighs the bad, so 5 stars.  =) Hehe, I do not think you can put an agelimit on this, but more a  maturity limit. It all depends, I am 14 and I loved it, but people say, 10  shouldn't. There is a fine line. Enjoy!
B000003KMM|5.0|This movie is the greatest comedy of all time.  Major League 2 and 3 were nothing in comparison to this one.  Its entertaining from start to finish.
B00000K19E|5.0|I've seen the Matrix six times in the theater, and I've figured out why it's so good.  Other than the first Die Hard (my second favorite movie...hint, hint), this is the only action movie that I can think of that  tells you everything right up front, and then lets you sit back and enjoy  the action without making you think a lot.  Most action movies have crazy  plot-twists and surprise endings that try to jam in a reasonable  explanation before the credits roll.  At the 40 minute mark of the Matrix,  the entire plot is explained; you know who's good and who's bad, and then  you can just stop thinking, sit back, and let the goose bumps flow.<br />Also,  I can't understand why someone who likes action and sci-fi movies wouldn't  love the Matrix.  The only explanation I can think of is that they just  didn't get it, period.  They'll argue with me, but my response would simply  be...&quot;an insane person doesn't know they're insane.&quot;<br />One last  thing...if you don't buy it on DVD, then you should be shot.  If you HAVE  to buy it on VHS, and you don't buy the widescreen version, then you should  be shot twice.
6303203272|5.0|You will see results in the intense 30 minutes first in the thighs and then the definition in the waistline.  The best ab workout ever.  I value my time and this gives the most results for the time!
B00000JJSK|5.0|The first LP from world-famous Unida is the best album of 1999.  It also makes history as the first full length release to feature legendary singer John Garcia since Kyuss's 1995 release &quot;...And The Circus Leaves  Town.&quot;.  Unida is a solid, solid choice for fans of raw rock&amp;roll.   Almost 100% hard hitting, stripped down grooves like you love, baby.   These guys throw down to keep rock alive.  Check them out immediately.
6300182266|5.0|There are those who believe that life here began out there, far across the universe...and they're the ones who made this film.  In the seventh millenium of time, very close to dinnertime, the Galactic Fleet is invaded  by a race of machines called the Cylons.  They shoot blue lasers and talk  as if they desperately need a throat lozange. They hate human beings, so  they destroy them.  It is a living.  The head of the Cylon Empire is known  as the Imperious Leader, and he likes to be put on a pedestal.  Cylongs  also like to play hockey, hence they are constantly wearing hockey  gloves.<br />The Colonials, on the other hand, prefer tennis.  This is where  the conflict begins.  Cylons, outraged that they cannot get a court, kill  Apollo's brother, Zak.  Zak had a terrible backhand anyway.  Now Apollo  must play with Starbuck.<br />After the colonies are destroyed, the Galactica  knows that it must fly off into space.  It know this because once it tried  flying off into the ground and this was very painful.  Space is much  better.  There is more room.<br />220 ships follow the Galactica, but the  Galactica will not slow down, so the rag-tag fleet must go really fast,  ignoring traffic signals and risks getting a ticket at every turn.  They  also risk getting attacked by the Cylons, but the Cylons always play hockey  on Thursdays, so the humans are safe for the time being.<br />The time is  being the seventh millenium, but I may have already said this.  If I have  not said this, I may have stated it instead.  Either way, it is the seventh  millenium and the humans must be in bed at the eighth millenium sharp, so  pick up your cubits, get out of the casino on Carillon and get back up to  the Galactica.  You're going to be on duty tomorrow, after all.
6305013578|5.0|This a great movie, because it searchs the grammar of the film language and develops new (1926) ways for cinema, that contributed to the film exploration. Go and see it now. You will learn a lot. Do not forget to  travell to 1926.
B00000J2KT|3.0|If you are looking for the ultimate Vietnam movie, this is not it.  It is unfortunately not even a good Vietnam movie, because as soon as the action leaves the boot camp all the life is gone from the film.  The first half of  the movie is riveting due to the perfect performances of Vincent D'Onofrio  and and R. Lee Ermey, but once the action of the film moves to Vietnam,  their characters have made their exits.  So what's left is a handful of  vaguely defined and uncharismatic characters going through a disconnected  series of vignettes, none of which generate much interest.  The first time  I watched the film, I came out of it remembering only the boot camp  sequence.  I watched that part of the movie on television several times  subsequently and always changed the channel as soon as that part was over.   When the DVD was released, I went ahead and bought it and watched it all  the way through again.  I realized that not only was the Vietnam half of  the movie unmemorable, it was almost unbearable.  Scene after pointless  scene, I watched for any signs of Kubrick's usual touch, but what I saw  just made me feel like I was watching some forgettable John Wayne war  movie, only without a John Wayne character to focus on.  Still, the first  half of the movie is fun to watch and bears repeated viewings, so the movie  isn't a total wash.  For a much better war movie by Kubrick, see Paths of  Glory.
B00000JZC4|5.0|I knew &quot;TITLE OF RECORD&quot; would be good. I never dreamed it would be THIS good... GREAT is an overused word but.... GREAT it is. As much as I like regular releases by great artists I must admit this was worth the  wait. Since I got it on its release date this Tuesday I cannot stop  listening to it. I am not one known for hyperbole .... get this CD now....  if you don't you may miss the best CD of the decade. What a way to end the  crappy 90's!
6300214028|5.0|The mixture of cinema and commentary from the people who lived through these events makes this film a must see for anyone interested in the American socialist response to the Bolshevik Revolution and the idealism  they embodied.  Beatty and Keaton have amazing chemistry in the dramatic  recreation of the events that transpired.  Beatty masterfully captures the  disillusionment felt by John Reed as the idealistic Bolshevik Revolution  gave way to a reign of terror.
B000003BES|4.0|I'd have wanted to give this CD five stars, but a couple of tracks somewhat wear it down. Also, I'd have preferred stereo versions of some songs, notably I Can't Get No Satisfaction; on the stereo version one side  is all acoustic guitar that when played seperately, gives the song a  facscinatingly different feel.<br />Nevertheless, High Tide and Green Grass is  a very good place to start with the Stones.  The Last Time's opening guitar  riff and thick textures keep it fresh and engaging.  I love the fast  version of Time Is On My Side on this CD a lot better than the one found on  most pressings of Hot Rocks.  The fast version of TIOMS has three mores -  more echo, more organ, and more spontaneity.  And being able to hear the  other Stones over Mick Jagger is a nice touch.<br />19th Nervous Brakdown, the  Stones' snarling cover of Not Fade Away (featuring some clever use of  fading during the vocals), and Get Off Of My Cloud (again, the stereo  version should have been used here) round out the CD's strongest tracks.
0679457607|2.0|A terrible read.  All these gimmicks with the golf swing.  No non-technical book such as this is going to improve the way one looks at the game as you play it.  Mr Galwey obviously plays golf like the boy  President in the current White House--use the ole footwedge.
0552124753|5.0|Well, I recieved this book, in a collection of four of the Discworld books with Rincewind, through a science fiction book club because I forgot to send in that stupid &quot;Featured Selection&quot; thingie. (Anyone who's  ever been in one of these sort of clubs: books, movies, music, ect knows  what I'm talking about)  It turned out to be a mistake I'm glad I made.   The Colour of Magic has to be one of the funniest books I've ever read. It  sort of brought to mind how Monty Python might do a spoof of the fantasy  genre.  As a matter of fact, who better to play Rincewind than John Cleese?   I absolutely loved this book and can't wait to further delve into the  Discworld series.
B00000JZC4|5.0|I'm not gonna bore you with all my thoughts.  I will just say, if your reading this review, YOU WILL LOVE IT!!!!
6302517036|4.0|This film is most certainly NOT the most frightening horror movie of all time. It is,however,a movie for vampire flick afficianados (and every one else!) that REALLY adheres to the vampire legend and the character  originally created by Bram Stoker. This a great movie for  &quot;purists&quot; of the genre that has two remarkable performances by  Sarandon who gives the vampire both depth and a sympathetic edge and the  marvelous Roddy McDowell in perhaps his best role.Overlook the flaws and  sit back and watch these masters at work!!Do you really know who (or what)  your neighbors are??
B00000F1D3|5.0|I like every song on this CD. The mix of Cher's voice is great.  This has got to be one of her best ever.
B000001Y79|5.0|I love No Doubt, they're the most incredible band i've ever heard, they actually write their own lyrics and music...i've had Tragic Kingdom for 3 years, and its still one of my favorite CDs of all time, along with their  other 2 albums...and for your info, those of you who say they're trying to  be ska, they're not ska, and they dont claim to BE ska, they were at one  time, like 8 years ago.  They are just influenced by ska, and if you dont  like no doubt, then why are you looking them up on here and feel the urge  to wittyingly bitch about them? Go write reviews about the g*y groups you  enjoy like backstreet boys and 98 degrees...anyway, if u love no doubt, u'd  like the CD 'I Bificus' by Bif Naked, its great.
6304117302|5.0|When Hawkeye goes running through the battle, screaming Cora's name, hurling marauding Huron in all directions, I simply melt! Great cinemetography, incredible acting. One of my all time favorites. Buy it!
6304510861|1.0|This whole thing about Lost Highway as something to watch over and over again is ludicrous.  I can't understand why a movie goer is supposed to watch it 14 times before enlightenment comes.  Okay its not for everybody -  but neither is Star Wars or Last Tango in Paris.  What's your point? I  think this movie is plugged into some art genre but not the average movie  goer looking for entertainment.  I liked Blue Velvet from David Linch and I  liked Twin Peaks.  I thought this movie was strange - that's all.
0061003646|4.0|I confess to absolutely loving Dame Agatha's Miss Marple books; I suppose I find the coziness of them soothing, or something. I especially enjoy this one because of the presence of Col. &amp; Mrs. Bantry. Miss Marple's  character becomes more rounded as we see her interact with her friends. I  agree with those readers who noted less &quot;action&quot; in this book,  but I don't think that dooms it to being a bad book--it's just a change of  pace, which is often refreshing.
B00000AFGM|5.0|I am dissapointed that some people see this music as evil or depressing. I find it much more depressing to have a point of view on something, and think that nobody else feels the same, than it is to hear somebody else  voice that same opinion, and give you something to relate to. I think that  Marilyn Manson are an incredible band; and I can relate with every one of  their songs on every level. These lyrics encourage people to actually think  about things: and to relate. The lyrics on all of the albums (though smells  like children was quite dissapointing in content) are incredible, and I  think Marilyn Manson should be praised for their amazing musical talents,  and Brian Warner for his absolute talent for song-writing and self  expression. Instead, I see them being looked down apon for having opinions  and voicing them. Keep on being who you are. Don't let self contradictative  religions or anything else stop you from having a mind of your own, or  living your life.
0380973464|5.0|This book was devoured both by me (57 years old mother) and my computer savvy and crypto-knowledgeable son (19 years old) with equal fervor and delight.Though lengthy, I have no complaints with that as it is chock-full  of fascinating information and extremely well-written.
0385493800|3.0|I have enjoyed all of the author's previous books and looked forward to reading this one. However, I have been able tp put it down easily.  Usually I can't put Grisham's books down for very long.  I am only halfway through  it and hope the ending is worth the effort. I believe a more  &quot;legal&quot; tone to the book would have been what I would have  expected from Grisham.
B000001EL3|5.0|OK, so I'm a little biased here. I've been a KISS fan since 1978. I love Destroyer because I feel that it is KISS at their creative peak. A lot of fans panned this album when it came out. WHY? They made the write choice in  producers here with the selction of Bob Ezrin. He has also done excellent  work as well with Pink Floyd and Alice Cooper. The man is a genius. By  co-writing many of the songs and bringing in a number of different  production techniques: including orchestra, Ezrin helped KISS create the  ultimate masterpiece. This album set the standard for what was to come for  KISS. Also, 6 of the 9 songs on the album are still played live.
B000002LE6|4.0|Prince is a musical genius, that's all there is to it.  My favorites from the CD?   2. Alphabet Street 3. Glam Slam 4. Anna Stesia 6. Love Sexy <br />I'v never heard a musician that can make my body move like Prince does..  his beat and rythm never cease to amaze me.. every little bit he puts in  his songs are great.  Nothing is wasted.  He's been my favorite musician  and artist since 1981.  Rarely can an artist have that kind of loyal  following and longevity.
630542828X|2.0|A Civil Action is a great movie, but the video transfer to DVD was less than satisfactory. The picture was noticeably unclear and uncrisp at times, especially during scenes where the camera was moving.  Until all DVDs can  deliver superior quality on a consistent basis, VHS will remain the  preferred format.
B000002UA9|5.0|In all honesty, the first listens to this LP can be quite tedious, especially for fans used to &quot;Revolver&quot; and &quot;Abbey Road,&quot; but it certainly, and unexpectedly, grows on you. The poppiness  and occassional &quot;'50s shalalalalala's&quot; are quite a unique  addition to the Beatles collection, and even as early as their first record  (recorded to be fun and poppy) the songwriting genius of the two most  partners comes through (&quot;There's a Place&quot;). This is also when the  Beatles decided that all the band members would sing lead on the records,  something quite unusual these days. The first and last tracks lay out the  energy, and everything in between holds the album together quite well. Even  in the days when mistakes made by the band were expected and even got on to  record, the Beatles performed almost flawlessly. However, the album is  still underrated in many parts. As all Lennon/McCartney and  Harrison...heck, Starkey numbers as well, the originals are classics are  essential, &quot;Do You Want to Know a Secret&quot; was good enough to  later become the A-side of a single for Billy J. Kramer and the Dakotas,  &quot;Please Please Me&quot; and &quot;Love Me Do&quot; are among the first  hits (and the first singles) for the moptops. &quot;P.S. I Love You&quot;  &quot;Misery&quot; and &quot;Ask Me Why&quot; give insight into their  influences early on, and represent their attempts to bring '50s dance rock  into their act. The covers are all well made and true to their form, Ringo  gives an empassioned performance with his (drummer) voice on  &quot;Boys&quot;; and &quot;Twist and Shout&quot; is one of the songs  immediately associated with the Beatles due to John Lennon's raucous  performance. If even just to see how &quot;humble&quot; the Beatles  beginning really was, this is essential stuff for the budding Beatles fan.
B00000K19E|2.0|I'll give this movie an extra star for its elegant effects, the rest is overrated. The endless semi intellectual dialogs throughout the movie is trying hard to be wise, but ending up just being overexplicit and dull.  Although inspiration is a serious source of motivation, Matrix is stealing  in a very unpleasant and obvious way from Total Recall (the reality pills  and the different planes of consiousness), Bladerunner (darkness, search  for inner truth) and other futuristic filmpieces. Matrix could have been  given a decent script without the patronizing and silly texts, better lead  character (Keanu Reeves is really no good)and less reliance on the stylish  and flashy (but empty) effects. Maybe then it would deserve the hype it now  still recieves, I guess only because of the lack of good Hollywood cinema,  where audience is fooled to believe that once a movie rises out of the rest  of the crap, it immediatly becomes a masterpiece.   <br />/Fredrik Lindgren  University of Film and Art <br />Skovde, Sweden
B000002KY8|5.0|Like any Prince fan, I bought this as a record album when it first came out.  I'v been obsessed with his royal badness ever since.  My favorite song from this CD is &quot;Automatic&quot; - what a nasty and delicious  song. What lyrics.. &quot;Automatic&quot; is also one of my all-time  favorite Prince songs. &quot;Little Red Corvette&quot; never did much for  me. It was way overplayed on the radio, and in my opinion Prince made much  better songs - ditto with &quot;International Lover&quot;.  I like the  songs you DON'T hear on the radio - &quot;Controversy&quot; is another  early piece of genius. I also fell totally in love/lust with this man. The  photo of him in the bed is enuf to make me forget I'm married for a few  hours (Lets pretend we're married).. hehehe
B00000K3CK|5.0|I watch this movie every holiday season and will definitely be adding it to my DVD collection. I think they updated it wonderfully, and it touches my heart. Good performances all around, especially Mara Wilson.
B000009EAD|3.0|I bought this CD based on the sound clips I heard. I am a little diasappointed, yet I've found myself humming 2 or 3 of the tunes. &quot;Watching Over Me&quot; is a brilliant yet touching meditation on the  death of a friend. The &quot;Oh I know&quot; chorus sticks in my head like  peanut butter to the roof of my mouth. Other tracks like &quot;Burning  Times&quot;, &quot;Disciples of the Lie&quot;, &amp; &quot;Blessed&quot;  are also good while songs like &quot;Reaping Stone&quot; &amp;  &quot;Melancholy&quot; seem like good ideas that weren't fleshed out. My  biggest complaint is the trilogy that closes the album. I know that long  complicated sagas are the bread &amp; butter of many prog metal bands  (Dream Theater, Fates Warning, and of course Spawn-fanatics Iced Earth) but  Iron Maiden &amp; Helloween did much better and more concise versions of  the &quot;Evil prophesized, Evil born, Evil defeated&quot; concept on  &quot;Seventh Son of a Seventh Son&quot; and &quot;Halloween&quot;,  respectively. Overall, I will keep this CD because of modern technology  that allows me to listen to tracks #1,3-7,&amp;10 and skip the rest.
6305169195|1.0|Why, God, Why!  This all I have to say for this sorry excuse for a movie.  They blow up Paris and Shanghai and New York!  All of the world's culture is gone.  The science is pathetic.  For example, why does NASA allow the  astronauts to walk off the shuttle and into their girl-friends arms after  they've been in space.  They should be feeling severe problems with moving.   The flag-waving reaches unbearable proportions.  After the first two hours  we wonder if they save the world yet.  Everybody is just stupid.  The best  actor is probably Dotty, the woman who has the asteroid named after her.   Why is there a Maxim machine gun if the general said he didn't trust those  retards with a potato gun?  And he let them jack around with a nuclear  bomb.  Don't be surprised if Las Vegas is nuked for July Fourth fireworks.   I won't continue on the lack of plot, lame and impossible science, and  other fallacies.
B000002KMV|5.0|I know some Prince fans won't agree with me, but I think this CD is one of his best.  &quot;Controversy&quot; TOTALLY rocks. &quot;Lets Work&quot;, &quot;Private Joy&quot;... GREAT funk. I also loved &quot;Annie  Christian&quot;.  This guy had me mesmorized and hooked the first time I  heard him.. the instruments he uses, the way he uses them, his haunting  deeply sexual lyrics... MM MMM MMMMM! And lets not forget how just plain  delicious he looks!
6302968143|5.0|I seen this movie at the theater and several times on The Disney Channel. I have a recording of Hocus Pocus and now just ordered it for better Clarity since my recording is getting worn out. I think, that is exactly  how three SISTER witches would act always picking on each other. I also  like the fact that they use the term White witch  for the good doers.  Replying they were dark witches up to no good, but all in all it's a fun  movie to see again and again.
0425156842|4.0|Hey, I don't know why all of you are bashing this book.  I'm about 10 pages from the end and I loved every page.<br />Philosophy was my favorite subject in high school.  I found this book to be a very entertaining and  clever way to present the materials.  Remember, folks, the book was written  to get teenagers interested in Philosophy.<br />It certainly beats the  &quot;heck&quot; out of the Will Durant text that we had to read.
6305169195|1.0|It's not supposed to be realistic.  But the Indiana Jones movies, the Bond series, and other action movies that were just pop-corn movies had wit and intelligence.  Indiana Jones was a fine combination of thrilling action and  hilarious humor.  This is unspeakable.  First of all, an asteroid the size  of Texas isn't very easy to miss.  Even if you can only cover 3% of sky  with the Hubble, you can see everything with the naked eye.  We assemble a  rag-tag crew of oil-drillers and send them off into space.  The patriotism  is excessive and insulting.  The sterostypes are obvious and this film  reeks with racism and sexism.  I don't know why the NASA idiots think this  will work and I don't care.  After they destroy Europe the rest of the  world just isn't interesting.  I find it interersting how one man remarks  that he doesn't trust those retards with a potato gun and a machine gun is  on the asteroid.  Why is there, by the way?  I think I've finished.  P.S-To  rest of world, please don't hate us because of this film.  Or should I say  to China: Please don't bomb us?
0345350499|5.0|I'm like the way she weaves history into &quot;Mists,&quot; so when I found &quot;The Forest House,&quot; which talks about the pre-history of The Lady of Avalon and her priestesses, plus &quot;Lady of Avalon,&quot;  which fills in the blanks in history between &quot;Forest House&quot; and  &quot;Mists,&quot; I jumped on them and devoured both within a week and a  half. Read them if you loved &quot;Mists.&quot;
B00000J7J4|5.0|I was never interested in Santana before this new CD of his.  When I heard the song Smooth with Rob Thomas, I instantly loved it.  I then listened to the whole album and was enamorated with the rest also.  This album is one  that everybody should have in their collection.  The songs are all  incredible and the lyrics are incredible.  All in all, this is one  incredible album.
B00000889A|5.0|This CD is a very good charactirization for Page and Plant of nowadays. Page's composer's skills still show his possibility to break through the common music style and perform a really new kind of music.
B000001U3K|5.0|Lou Reed is phenomenal minus VU. Oh, what an album, words cannot express the places Lou's songs have taken me. Crank it up, and hold on tight,Louie boy will do the navigating.
B000002ADT|5.0|This is a breathtaking performance. It makes me wish I had known the musicians.
6301966988|4.0|Swayze and Moore, aided by Whoopi's deft mugging as a spiritual medium, combine to make &quot;Ghost&quot; probably THE film for the 90s. At its heart the film manipulates the audience into believing that death ain't so  bad after all, as long as one has no unfinished business in the earthly  realm. This has long been a popular subject for story tellers, but in the  hands of director Jerry Zucker it became an art form. Slow, lingering shots  of Demi and Patrick in soft-core romantic embraces and heart-tugging  farewells, mixed in with Whoopi's good-humouredly acerbic wit provided  audiences with just the right ingredients for a full film-going experience.  Zucker's manipulation was of course aimed straight for maximum box-office  pull as the Kleenex brigade went into overdrive (at least at the session I  attended).<br /> After the doggedly downbeat realism of the films of the 70s,  and the mindless teenage sex farces of the 80s, Zucker and co decided that  90s audiences were ready for romantic drama, seemingly moribund since  &quot;Love Story&quot;. In light of the interminably cutesy pap that has  rolled off the Dream Factory's production line since &quot;Ghost&quot;, the  question might need to be asked whether enough is enough. For this viewer  the answer is an uneqivocal YES. However the movie-going public obviously  has its own mind about such matters, reflected in the continuing box-office  triumphs of &quot;Titanic&quot; and its ilk.
6305358613|4.0|It was visually stunning.  The &quot;darkeness&quot; of the time was wonderfully portrayed.  The cast was excellent (my hats of to whoever casted them, especially the Spanish ambassador).  My only complaint is that  the movie told to little, it left me saying &quot;what happened to who and  why?&quot; a lot.  The movie should have accomplished more, whether it be  telling more detail about the story or continue on into the further  exploits of the Queen.  Please don't get me wrong, all in all a very good  movie, I recommend seeing it.
068484267X|5.0|Yes I loved this book -- and have shared it with family and friends.  I wish I had read it sooner.<br />Don't listen to those who complain that the book is repetitious.  Mr. McCourt is just giving us an honest account of  what his chilhood was like.  The fact that some events kept occurring (i.e.  Dad drinking up all the money) had a continual impact on his life.  Without  being reminded of those events, we wouldn't be able to transport ourselves  to his childhood - and wouldn't as a result have been able to understand  what he went through.  <br />I too can't wait for 'Tis.  I am looking forward  to seeing how Mr. McCourt pulled himself up.  I too am also grateful to him  for writing this book.  It gave me a deeper appreciation for my family and  the fortunes I have had in my life.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix... what can I say? It's one of the best movies there IS. And why is it? Well likely because it turned out to be a &quot;surprise hit&quot;. The guy who made it (sorry I don't know who) obviously wanted to  create a really fun, really intense and meaningful action movie (with lots  of cool effects I might add) and he definitely did so. Keanu himself said  he loved it. Unlike some OTHER movies which are way too over-played and  made into a really big deal for nothing, the Matrix DOESN'T suck. Buy it.
B00000BKDX|5.0|Live After Death (along with ALIVE! from KISS) are the two best live metal albums ever.  This is a non-stop assault on your senses.  Every song is better than the last.  You miss this album... you miss the best of the  beast.
0380977273|5.0|it's obvious by looking at the other reviews that either you really understand this book or you completely don't.  this is one of the best books i have ever read, but to understand it you must be able to look past  the words and into what they actually mean.
0380973464|5.0|I hate to write \\"reviews\\" because it implies that I'm in qualified to judge the text in some way. I have no business criticizing anyone's literary work, but I can't resist sharing how much I enjoyed this book.  Every now and then I stumble onto a book that's so fresh and so much fun  that it's a genuine treat. That's what this one was for me. After reading  the 900+ pages, I asked myself what really happened in the book. Well,  everything and nothing happened. How a book so economical on plot can be so  exorbitant on compelling storytelling is a mystery to me. Boggles my mind.  I can't recall another book that taught me just as much as it made me  laugh. I'm really struggling to avoid the \\"journey is it's own reward\\"  clich&eacute;, but I can't do it. It's the truth. I was sad when the journey  ended.
B00000IPAX|3.0|It's not that the music was bad it's more that it all sounded the same and was alittle sick at times. Some people may have liked it but it definitely wasn't for me!
6304119046|5.0|When people make comments about how this movie may have been great when it was released, but isn't now, they are showing that they do not know what &quot;great&quot; means.  Look it up.  It does not mean really, really  good.  It means &quot;remarkable in magnitude, degree, or  effectiveness,&quot;  according to Webster's.  No, &quot;Citizen Kane&quot;  is not my favorite film, that would be &quot;The Godfather.&quot;  But the  effect that &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; has had on filmmakers in terms of  camera, lighting and storytelling techniques is, indeed, &quot;remarkable  in magnitude.&quot;  Not only that, but it is a film utterly lacking in  sentimentality from a time when other films were loaded with it (&quot;Gone  with the Wind&quot; e.g.).  When deciding whether or not something is truly  great, it's important to look at not how much we like it, but the impact it  has had.
630326669X|4.0|&quot;It's a wank, a big intellectual wank, but we look good in it.&quot;
0553573403|1.0|Don't be misled by the high praise plastered across the cover of this book.  The plot seems like it's going somewhere for the first 300 hundred pages, but the author manages to kill off all the worthwhile characters by  the end of the book.  The plot fizzles as Mr. Martin trumpets events that  we're supposed to feel as significant but instead are yet more lurid,  overblown escapades.  We're left with a storyline that apparently is  heading toward some cataclysmic &quot;clash of kings,&quot; without a  character I'd like to meet left.  All the remaining main characters are  immature, delusional, or outright perverted.  In sum, &quot;A Game of  Thrones&quot; is yet another sign of the malaise crippling modern fantasy:  replete with gratuitous deviance and lacking in characters worthy of  admiration (eg, Terry Goodkind and the later Robert Jordan books).  Read  only if you'd like to really know how utterly hyperbolic cover quotes can  be.
6302581907|3.0|The idea of Goldberg's character posing as someone she's not, is a very overused one by now (&quot;Ghost&quot;, The Associate&quot;, etc.) This movie takes an o.k. premise, but eventually gets too much tangled up in  song &amp; dance. -And that's where the problem lies; this couldn't happen  in real life, there's nothing for her to do there, so the filmmakers  clearly went the &quot;clever&quot; way (read: easy), and had Whoopi do her  stuff. If they'd skipped all the musical acts, and gone for a more serious  approach, they might have had an interesting film. There is a plus,  however: the brilliant Joseph Maher is marvellous as always. -His role  should've been bigger, but he's a favorite actor of mine, so the movie  scores with me because of him.
B00000DGUG|5.0|The problem with most &quot;pop artists&quot; is that they are a one trick pony--they have a successful song and then they do that same song over and over again.  (E.g., how many remakes did James Taylor make of &quot;You've  got a Friend&quot;?)<br />Morissette could have made another recording similar  to &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot;, sold more records, made more money,  etc.<br />To her credit, she didn't.  She tried something different, bold, and  imaginative.  She paints an in-depth, emotional, critical view of  herself.<br />The music is contorted, lyrical, imaginative.  The lyrics are  expressive.<br />Buy it, simply to insure that Morisette continues her self  exploration.
6305041156|5.0|This Ranks as one of my favorite films of all time. It is sad and touching while at the same time very violent. The ending is simply amazing! Worth seeing over and over again.
B000003S0B|5.0|This is _almost_ as good as &quot;Court of the&quot;. It isn't a progression, more a restatement of similar themes. And the album has an extremely similar structure to the first album. <br />Side one starts with an  abrasive hard-edged number (Pictures of a city), followed by a ballad,  (Cadence and Cascade) followed by a big classically-influenced number with  an &quot;epic&quot; feel (In the Wake of&quot;). <br />&quot;Pictures&quot;  and &quot;Poseidon&quot; aren't quite as good as their opposite numbers on  the first album: &quot;Schizoid Man&quot; and &quot;Epitaph&quot;  respectively. But hell, &quot;Schizoid Man&quot; and &quot;Epitaph&quot;  are two of the most majestically powerful pieces of music ever assembled by  a group rather than written by an individual composer. A song can be not  quite as great as King Crimson's absolute peaks, and still be pretty  extremely wonderful and good. These are still great, powerful pieces.  <br />The ballad &quot;Cascade&quot; is actually an improvement on &quot;I  talk to the wind&quot; from &quot;Court of the&quot;. And Gordon Haskell  sings okay, though it's a damn shame Greg Lake didn't stay to do that one  last song. (It's also a damn shame he left at all, of course. The original  King Crimson line-up is one of the unique assemblages of talent in musical  history, and it's a hell of a pity they made only one album, the complete  and total idiots and pillocks. This is the last album to contain most of  that line-up.) <br />On the other side &quot;Cat Food&quot; is a great song;  funny but not at all a throw-away. Strong tune, strong playing, good  sarcastic vocal from Greg Lake. And I like Pete Sinfield's lyrics best when  he's being a bit nasty (therefore his best stuff is on &quot;Lizard&quot;).  <br />And &quot;The Devil's Triangle&quot; has its moments. It's awesome acid  music, of course. But acid-influenced music appreciation is to music  appreciation what acid-influenced housepainting is to housepainting.  Ifyou see what I mean. I think I preferred the version of &quot;Mars&quot;  from Holst's &quot;The Planets&quot; suite that they did live. The original  line-up's live act is captured in appalling sound in the  &quot;Epitaph&quot; release. Live, they did &quot;Mars&quot; as a shortish  simple THRASH: a bunch of boys playing &quot;What's the maximum possible  amount of noise we can make in the minimal possible time?&quot; Which is  fun in small doses.<br />That approach gets better results than the longer  version on &quot;Poseidon&quot;. Though there's some good keyboard stuff  from Keith Tippet in the background of the &quot;Poseidon&quot; version,  which should be brought forward in any remixed version. <br />The  &quot;Peace&quot; theme at the beginning and end has some good acoustic  guitar, which I think owes something to a Bach piece, but I don't care for  it all that much. <br />So it's a great album; it'd be the best album, an  all-time classic, if it was by almost any other band, but since it's the  extraordinary King Crimson it comes close to the top of the second rank.  (That's &quot;Court of&quot;, &quot;Larks' Tongues&quot; and  &quot;Red&quot; in the first rank,  and &quot;Poseidon&quot;,  &quot;Lizard&quot; and &quot;Starless&quot; in the second rank, coming in  just behind.)<br />No-one who likes &quot;Court of&quot; should do without  this album. Even the second-best Crimson is still vastly better than most  band's best. Essential listening. <br />And dated?! 16-year olds making music  now think this stuff is awesome, and they're dead right, of course. In some  ways it's improved with age, because it's clearer now just what original,  creative and downright tricky, clever stuff this was and is. <br />Laon
B000002KH3|4.0|What a great effort by VAN HALEN!Great songs like &quot;ain't talking 'bout love&quot; and &quot;little dreamer&quot; and great guitar works by EVH.Eddie was not only a great guitar player but the one who affected many  other rock and metal musicians.I believe that this is their greatest  alboum.The only negative things are the short lenght of the songs (that's  too american for me)and the mediocre performance of David roth.
B000003S0D|5.0|This is, as some of the comments have indicated, a wierd album. <br />A lot of people were disappointed in it when it came out, and it wasn't very favourably reviewed. But it's one of Crimson's very best. <br />It's a very  strong melodic album: - the first part of &quot;Lizard&quot;, especially  the chorus, now sounds like perfect pop, though it was never conceived of  or released as a single. But the tune is irresistably catchy (and  &quot;catchy&quot; is the last thing you'd usually say about a Crimson  tune).<br />The instrumental playing is of course brilliant, with the strange  mix of Fripp's increasingly distorted and unique guitar style  (Frippertronics, in which Fripp's guitar sounds like a vacuum cleaner  having a beautiful orgasm, is some way in the future, but in  &quot;Lizard&quot; we're heading there), and the jazz reeds section.  Fripp's influence, perhaps, prevents them from playing &quot;loose and  warm&quot;, as jazz musos often will, instead demanding tight and cold; the  tension gives their playing a fascinating acid edge... That's my theory,  anyway. <br />The other thing about this album is the songs, and more  specifically the lyrics. These are, I think, quite unlike anything else  Sinfield ever wrote. They're not hippy-dippy Tolkein stuff at all - except  for &quot;Lady of the Dancing Water&quot;, my pic for worst track.  Actually, his lyrics in &quot;Lizard&quot; are extremely good. <br />The  imagery makes sense, which it often didn't in &quot;Court of the&quot; and  &quot;Poseidon&quot;. And the words are much more down to earth, though the  surreal tinge is still there; but the surrealism of someone whose mind is  near the edge of its tether, rather than of someone having a lovely  psychedelic dream, la la la. The words are actually about the real world,  and interestingly bitter. <br />The sarcastic song about the Beatles' breakup  is still the best comment on that event, as well as being a good song about  greed and jealousy, etc. It'switty, and it's nasty. <br />The previous song,  &quot;Indoor Games&quot; is also about a family tearing itself apart while  immersed in trivia and treachery. These are adult songs, with adult themes  and ideas. <br />And the words to &quot;The Battle of Glass Tears&quot;, about  an army waiting for morning, are consciously in a Homeric tradition, and  capture the darkness, cold and fear rather well. <br />The greatest King  Crimson albums, I think, are &quot;Court of&quot;, &quot;Larks'  tongues&quot;, and &quot;Red&quot;. Just behind that are  &quot;Poseidon&quot;, &quot;Starless&quot;, and &quot;Lizard&quot;.   <br />That makes it an album well worth having. <br />Laon
B0000072NX|5.0|*Family Man* is one of my favorite songs, probably because I am one.  A pleasant CD to listen to on long trips because the variations help keep you alert!  Recommended!
0553208845|4.0|A simple read, yet profound. This is the tale of a searching soul and the experiences of his journey. So many of his ventures are shared, in some measure, by us all. The learning has a wholeness, finally, which seems good  and right.<br />This book is not going to give you answers. It will give you  genuine pause and reflection. And, for me, a shared humanity.
B000007OY0|3.0|This is a good but not great movie.  There are good performances, but nothing memorable.  The acting is good, but the characters are like cardboard cutouts from other movies about prison.  The plot is  predicatable.  The plot twists would be more entertaining for a grade  school child.  However, the movie has several violent scenes and language  which make it wholly imappropriate for younger viewers.<br />I did not feel  that this movie gave me anything to think about.  It may have several  messages, but none of them are particularly interesting.
B000003H3M|5.0|Being from a city, large as it is, offers only the occaisonal Metalica tune as its token FM heave music offering, I purchased this CD on a recommendation from Guitar Player magazine.   Fans of metal, shread, light  speed guitar playing and heavy music in general will not be disappointed.   Testament as usual crushes all in its path.   A must buy.
B00000DFRS|5.0|Some people think Whitney has alienated her signature style. Well, anyone who's ever heard her first album and anything off &quot;My Love Is Your Love&quot; knows she has REIMBRACED it- remarkably. Not only has it  outlasted it's higher-charting competition (i.e. Mariah Carey's #1s and  Jewel's &quot;Spirit&quot;) spawining 4 hit singles already, it contains  some of the best vocal power and biting variety in the past decade. Best  cuts are the bollistic #1 hit singles &quot;IT'S NOT RIGHT BUT IT'S  OKAY&quot; and &quot;HEARTBREAK HOTEL,&quot; the phenominally original new  single &quot;MY LOVE IS YOUR LOVE&quot;, the jazzy and sultry &quot;UNTIL  YOU COME BACK,&quot; the tear-jerking prom ballad &quot;YOU'LL NEVER STAND  ALONE,&quot; and the beautiful &quot;I BOW OUT,&quot; which reminds me of  her #1 classic signature hit &quot;WHERE DO BROKEN HEARTS GO.&quot;This  album is a necessity. Also included is the LP's first single &quot;WHEN YOU  BELIEVE,&quot; her duet with Mariah Carey, and the Lauryn Hill- produced  soul anthem &quot;I WAS MADE TO LOVE HIM.&quot; There is an emotion in  every track unlike anything she has ever done. Every song has a  significance and a place- and this CD MUST have a place in your CD  collection. Buy it now and see why.
6300216403|5.0|I rented this movie for my son, who dearly loves it.  This is a wonderful, refreshing movie!  A must see for all ages!
B00000273P|5.0|In my humble opinion, this is Prefab Sprout's Best release. Right up there with &quot;Two Wheels Good&quot; (or &quot;Steve McQueen&quot;) If you are just getting into the Sprouts then this is an excellent place to start, but  be warned, you are going to want to own them all!  I have introduced  various co-workers to this CD and they are all transformed by it. It's  beauty and relevance are such like you have never heard before. Prefab  Sprout speak the language of Heaven. I don't think any album release by any  band past present or future will ever reach to the same depths that  Jordan:The Comeback reaches. Two Words: BUY IT.
B000005H55|5.0|This underrated virtuoso musician influenced many musicians, especially in recent years. A very listenable Avant Garde Jazz!
006092988X|5.0|I read this book three times already. The first time I read it I was in the fourth grade and didn't really get it. But in the seventh grade I read it again and now it's one of my favorite books. It was so realistic. I  loved Francie, but hated Katie because she favored Neeley.
076783819X|5.0|This is a movie which has not received the credit it deserves from the &quot;reviewers&quot;.  It is a very well plotted and acted film.  It should appeal to those fans of movies like Three Days of the Condor or Cape  Fear or anyone looking for a film to offer a little escapism and hold their  attention throughout. The subject matter, the terrorist next door, is  presented in a very believable, realitic way.  With today's headlines  featuring bombings of government buildings, terrorism, underground groups  and  militia, the film is very timely.  The running time of the film is  very appropriate.  Unlike many movies today, it is not drawn out too long.  The great ending features a Hitchcock-like twist and good closure for the  audience. It is the type of intricately plotted movie that will generate  questions and reveal added details with each new viewing.  It should do  well in the video rental and sales markets.  A book or screenplay would  also be well received.
0800141326|3.0|that if I ever get to Hollywood, I'm gonna redo &quot;GODZILLA&quot; and give the loyal fans what they want---the fire, threats, big feet, everything.
B000002C2E|5.0|Just as we were afraid of losing &quot;The Poet&quot; (this is apparently how Samuel Beckett referred to him), following his heart illness, he surprises us once again with his best work since &quot;Blood on the  tracks&quot;. The superb writing and Daniel Lanois's moody production  create a sound full of longing, spiritual searching and bitter dreams.  &quot;Not dark yet&quot; stands with Dylan's greatest ballads as he  confronts impending doom. The ace rockabilly of &quot;Dirt road blues&quot;  (the riff was  lifted from an old Sun records song) fits right in with  Dylan's obvious desire to sit alongside older American legends Jimmy  Rodgers, Woodie Guthrie, Robert Johnson and Elvis Presley. Let's hope for  our sake that he will wait a long while before he joins them for, as this  album once again shows, not only will he sit by their side, but I have a  feeling that when they finally meet him, they will point him to the head of  the table...
6301955668|4.0|Jeff Combs is one of the greatest Cult actors up to date. this movie just proves my point.
6302529867|5.0|As an avid rock climber, the climbing scenes at the beginning of the film are fantastic. Responding to others who have pointed out the technical errors in film ... yes, there where several, but it is by far the best and  most accurate mountaineering film by a mainstream Hollywood filmmaker.
B000001IPL|3.0|Yeah, it's a catchy cd.  It's got the three good singles, but once you play this CD a few times, one song just rolls into another.  They use the same chords, similar melodies, and similar vocals for every track.  It gets  tiresome.    And I might be able to forgive them if this was their debut  album, but The Offspring have been around for sixteen years.  Sixteen  Years!!!  And what's it say about about a 16-year old band whose most  thought-provoking lyrics are found in &quot;pretty Fly for a White  Guy&quot;?  (and might I add that Americana might as well be called  &quot;Smash part II&quot;) These guys have no clue what they're trying to  say, just spewing out what seems to be the most appropriate thing to talk  about at the moment.  And they're disgustingly hypocritical, singing of the  humor and fun of violence in &quot;bad habit&quot; but scolding us for our  violent tendencies in songs like &quot;come out and play&quot;.  And if you  think these lyrics are inane, you shouldn't touch Americana with a ten foot  pole.  The lyrics are laughably bad.  I think my hamster could write better  suff.  <br />but self esteem is cool, so buy the damn album.
6305066345|3.0|I thought this movie was great but I only gave it three stars because it was too long (many scenes weren't necessary) and there was too much sex (it would have been a good movie for kids to watch if not for the sex scenes).  I wish Spike Lee would stop making all of his movies into softcore porns.  It's totally needless. He did the same thing with Summer of Sam and I don't  see what the point of it was.
B00000JG41|5.0|I had to read all the reviews to get an idea of what people thought and I have to say that I am a little bit perturbed to see so many FNM referrences, and so many Mike-we-love-yous. This compares nothing to FNM.  All that say this is commecial should go and listen to Faith No More, that  is the most comecial of all Mike/Trevor. This is Mr. Bungle. All that is  not commecial. I love this album and cannot get these song out of my head.  It has aflicted me the same as Disco Volante and the self-titled. All three  albums are different in their own way, and that is the way it should be. If  it does not change, it stagnates, and stagnation brings disease. This is  healthy music for those who hate the radio-drek played by most of the  world. Again for those who thought this was commercial........you missed  the punchline!
B00000IQV1|5.0|I loved this movie, it made me want to improve myself and to bea better person.  Robin Williams was brilliant.  A must see!!!
0552131067|4.0|In the space of one year I have read most of the Discworld series, and this is definitely one of my favorites. Not only do I adore the character &quot;Death&quot;, but the plot of this book is both interesting and funny.
B0000024JN|5.0|I never was much into rap, but after hearing the catchy songs of da Beastie Boys, i was hooked. I like the songs &quot; brass monkey&quot;, &quot;girls&quot; and &quot;time to get ill&quot;  You won't be  disappointed is you buy this! Another really good rap artist is &quot;Kid  Rock&quot;.
B000002MVT|4.0|If I were to leave only one classic ZZ TOP blues tune off this cd, it would not have been \\"Blue Jean Blues\\"..... It's a cryin shame!  Hence the missing star.
B000001EAQ|3.0|Good, but one can't  manage to do a &quot;Joshua Tree&quot; or &quot;Unforgetabble Fire&quot; twice...
B000000WHC|3.0|This first effort by Gary totally into blues is a good one, with Gary's astonishing voice as powerful as ever. But, I prefer his rock days.
B000000WIG|2.0|Gary should stop to making blues recordings and go back to good old hard rocking. Blues (john Mayall, Robert Johnson) were realy great influences when he first picked up the guitar, adn his voice is well suited to the  style. But on the CD, the compositions by Gary are really weak. &quot;Still  Got The Blues&quot; is much better.
0375707972|2.0|is &quot;The Reader&quot; so deep that I just don't get it? Or is is boring and shallow?  I was interested in the beginning during the initial meeting of Michael and Hanna, but it went down hill from there.  And Hanna  would rather rot in prision than reveal her awful secret (illiteracy) but  revealed it in the end to the warden?  And how would we react if Hanna was  15 and Michael was 36?         At least it was a short read.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Well .. these guys are onto what the industry has feared since KISS and ICP and they are by far SUPERIOR in every aspect!!! I anticipate much success and much following by all their music&amp;style is ever imparted  to. I always try to share my love of the super HEAVIES with ALL I meet, so  as long as I CAN enjoy SLIPKNOT's talents , others around me couldn't avoid  MY LOVE for them if they wanted to !I am a  devout fan and crave for more  and more and more. When you listen to Slipknot you get so tranquilized,  that the world around you tends to become just that and and Slipknot  becomes the escape from the earth as a metaphoric originality into  oblivion!
B0000025HU|5.0|By the time 1979 rolled around, the Clash were no longer, strictly-speaking, a punk group.  They had a lot more to offer, fusing their punk style with ska, reggae, blues, traditional rock, pop.  From the  driving bass opening to the title track to the untitled pop love song,  &quot;Train in Vain&quot;, this is as flawless an album as they get.   <br />Characters move in and out of the album, giving you glimpses at life  with touches of humor, irony, sadness, and pain.  There's the historical  &quot;Spanish Bombs&quot;, the ska horns blaring on &quot;Rudie Can't  Fail&quot;, the anti-nuclear &quot;London Calling&quot;, the cautionary  tales of drugs - &quot;Koka Kola&quot; and &quot;Hateful&quot; - and the  romping cover of &quot;Revolution Rock&quot; telling us to smash up our  seats.<br />If you listen to popular music and you don't own this album,  there's something wrong with your collection.
B000006OAM|5.0|Her voice, compositions, and instrumentations are beautiful
B000003NA4|5.0|This lady could be without a doubt Julie London reincarnated.  She sends chills down my spine, you want to curl up in front of a fireplace  listening to her.  Very soothing to the nerves.
6304479689|5.0|Elvis is still looking good here in 1972 and anyone who loves &quot;the king&quot; will dig the man on stage in his last theatrically released film.  There's also plenty of revealing behind-the-scenes footage to get  you a little closer to his fast-paced lifestyle.  In the jammin' concert  numbers, a great background orchestra supports him, highlighted by the  highly proficient french horn player, who happens to be my dad's brother!   Needless to say, we have bought several copies and can't wait for this to  come out on DVD.  Check this wild tour movie out.  Viva Las Elvis!
B00000K19E|5.0|I was a little leery about seeing this movie because Keanu Reeves really doesn't impress me much as an actor but I must say I enjoyed his presence in this film.  This movie is definately one of the top movies of 1999.  I  can't stop raving about this movie.
0140072187|5.0|I first read this book in 1991, and that also by accident.  I was at a garage sale helping my grandmother when I saw this book in a shelf with many others.  Since I love airplanes and helicopters I started to read it.   After the first page I told her that this book was mine.  I've always  wanted to know how it was like in Vietnam, and I could almost feel it by  reading this book.  I'm not an emotional guy, but this book made a couple  of tears drop.  Sometimes I took the book with me to school and read it in  class, and when I did not take to book with me I could not wait to come  home.  My grades slumped a bit when I first read Chickenhawk because I  forgot all about the homework. Since then I've read the book at least 10  times, and it is as chilling as the first time.<br />On a personal note I've  wanted to tell Mr. Mason that I salute him, on his efford in Vietnam and by  writing the best book ever.
B000002UWP|5.0|The band started to do experiment with different styles (Watercolours in the Rain is a great acoustic song).  The band wasn't afraid to expand their musical horizons and it paid off in songs like Do You Get Excited, Perfect  Day, and Things will never be the same.
0425129586|5.0|I thought this was definatly one of her great mysteries! If you want a really suspenceful and good book to read, definatly pick this one up! My other favorite Agatha Christies are: The Clocks, Murder of Roger Ackroyd,  The Murder on the Orient Express.
B000002UTT|5.0|It still sounds great if not better than it did 10 years ago. It broke ground when it was released at the time because it was &quot;dance music with a kick&quot;. The opening guitar lick in &quot;The Look&quot; is  classic. This album helped me through some rough times in 1989.  I can't  believe it's been 10 years already.
B000002U9E|5.0|I bought this album on a &quot;whim&quot; in 1985 - it was offered at a local record store as a &quot;check it out, or return it for a full refund&quot; - 14 years later I'm still listening and loving this album  (well, CD now)- Kate's lush, lyrical - deeply personal and mystical style  is unlike anything you've ever heard - has the power to change you - deeply  memorable.
0060273224|5.0|Garth Nix's 'Sabriel' is fantasy, but when you read it, it makes you beleive in the world that he created. Sabriel, the character, is realistic, strong and powerful. If you haven't read this book, you are wasting your  time reading anything else. Wonderfully writen and thought out, with a  great plot. One of the best books I've ever read.
B00000JGOH|5.0|There is nothing i could with good conscience surmise to fully bring to light the beauty of this extraordinary film.
B00000J6AG|4.0|I got this CD because my friend has been raving about him ever since &quot;I Like To Score&quot;. So I thought since this was #1 at the Virgin Megastore, I'd check it out. I ended up like the first track, so I bought  it to further listen to it. I listened to it, and it was kind of boring,  until Run On came on. Run On is simply a masterpiece. One of the best songs  this year. This whole album is worth it just for Run On. But Honey and  Bodyrock are also very good tracks. But almost the rest of it is kind of  boring, but it is still a great CD.
0374172897|4.0|I found &quot;The Hours&quot; to be a lovely, lyrical piece of writing, but I found myself wondering from time to time if it isn't presumptuous to insert oneself into the minds of Leonard and Virginia Woolf, to assume that  one is in a position to write from their points of view.  I found Leonard's  character to be slighted here, one-dimensional and without real feeling,  which I also found to be true for Vanessa Bell.  Cunningham's period  dialogue doesn't ring true for me;  I much prefer his prose.  Film producer  Scott Rudin has optioned this book for a film adaptation -- I'm curious  what other readers think of this, and if any of you can think of a way to  adapt this successfully for film.
B000003EPN|5.0|This seldom reviewed recording has a wonderful cast. Moffo was in full bloom: young, fresh, and vocally secure. Merrill was good, and Solti conducted perfectly. Alfredo Kraus is simply brilliant in the role of the  Duke. Absolutely no one in my experience has sung this role better. This  remains one of my all-time favorite opera recordings.
014028009X|4.0|This book cracked me up!  To all the critical critics: lighten up.  The stigma of being single, esp. at Christmas, is so true.  Loved her disasterous dinner parties!  Ranks right up there with that Bucket woman's  candlelight suppers in pure enjoyment!  Can definately relate to the  difficulties in leaving the house in the morning, with all your clothes  dirty and pantyhose shrunk to your crotch.  Just ordered High Fidelity and  am anxiously awaiting same.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Peggy Lee, Julie London, Herb Ellis, Ray Brown, Just a few come to mind listening to this fresh approach to Classic Jazz tunes. The arrangements remind me of Duke Ellington and that smokey voice just puts one in the  mood. It's been years since my Jazz chimes have been rung this good. This  cd is outstanding. I predict it will go platinum. It gets hourly play on  all the Bay Area Jazz stations.
B000002LN9|5.0|One of the best live albums I've ever heard . For the full experience , get it on DVD .
B000002L9J|5.0|&quot;And in a darkened underpass I thought, 'Oh, god my chance has come at last' but then a strange fear gripped me and I just couldn't ask.&quot;<br />There was a time (between 1986-1991) when I listened to this  album at least once if not a dozen times a day. I don't think I could have  gotten through college without it. It expressed completely the agnst and  melancholia that I felt. I could have locked myself in a dark room and  listened to it forever.<br />This is definitely that album that made the  Smiths one of the greatest ever.
B00000DC4A|5.0|A must for any Adams' fan, this CD once again proves that Bryan is one of the most talented rockers out there. No one can sit still for &quot;Before the Night Is Over&quot;, and he can still give us those ballads he's known  for with &quot;Where Angels Fear to Tread&quot;. Thank you, Bryan!!
0385484518|2.0|I was very disappointed with this book.  Very.  While Morrie appears to have been a kind and gentle man, there's nothing unique about his &quot;special&quot; insight (we should all love another).  Prophets since  the beginning of time have been telling us this.  I also found the author's  attitude rather self-serving:  I think he smelled a &quot;story&quot; here  and went for it.  Well, he apparently has sold a bunch of books, so he was  right, there was a &quot;story&quot; there.
B00000IZOR|4.0|Do you need to use your phone but can't pry it from your little ones hands...try getting this great Fisher Price phone.  It is very durable and will bring smiles to your childrens faces.  It makes minimual noise.  They  pretend for hours to call all their friends and relatives..even some I have  never heard of...The little ones will love the moving eyes and as they get  older they will use it when they play house. It is one of those ageless  toys...(except your teenager might think otherwise) Your child can also  pull this toy with the string that is provided. It may not have the NEW  up-to-date look but it teaches kids to use their imagination and it saves  you on buying Batteries..Yeah! Add this one to your list to buy~you will  never regret it!
0780626494|5.0|Rented this at the video store not knowing anything about it beyond the jacket blurb.  Glad I did!  This is a sleeper, a hoot, a genuinely cutely funny entertainment.  The entire cast including the bit players seem  actually to enjoy themselves sending up the 1950's AND the nineties.  Good  quality soundtrack too.  Well worth the time.  And how nice to see a movie  that ENTERTAINS without gore, raw violence, loud special effects,  gratuitous sex, etc.  Hey, Hollywood, it still can be done!  Tom in Ocean  City, MD
B000001FAK|5.0|truely a unique album without the drums! Leaves you wondering why there needed at all! Johnny Almond's sax playing is a thing of beauty and his hormonic climb in California is still a an amazing  mucical performance.
6304546386|5.0|THE BEST &quot;SWASHBUCKLER&quot; EVER MADE , WHO CAN EVER DENY THAT ERROL FLYNN &quot;WAS&quot; ROBIN HOOD IN A PREVIOUS LIFE !!THE COLOUR , THE ACTING , AND THE CASTING MAKE THIS THE BEST FILM IN IT'S &quot;GENRE&quot;.  SIXTY YEARS OLD IT MAY BE , BUT IT STILL BEARS COMPARISSION WITH ANY OTHER  FILM OF IT'S TYPE . WATCH IT!!  IT'S MAGNIFICENT!!
6305013578|1.0|Metropolis is a great film, and it's shocking that a print quality this bad is out there.  Wait till a better print comes out, don't buy this one.
B00000DMJF|5.0|Say what you will about &quot;Revolution #9,&quot; love it or hate it, this album has it all.  From the astute balladry of &quot;Rocky Racoon&quot; to the energy-sucking, but always palatable sweetness of  &quot;Mother Nature's Son,&quot; to the incredible songsmithing of  &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps,&quot; every song has something for  somebody.  And they are all crafted to perfection.  My first listen was on  my parents' original vinyl copy; I now have the original CD release and the  30th Anniversay one.  Worth every dime.
0792838068|5.0|what will you do when you have lost all faith?  you have no reason to go on.  drink to death?  that's what Ben decided.   we don't know why, he doesn't remember if he lost his family because of his drinking or if he was  drinking because of the loss.<br />it doesn't really matters.<br />Sera is a  beautiful person, she wants to live.  she takes Ben with her and she wants  to take care of him.  she has been abused and hurted, and now it's her  chance to protect.<br />i thought this was going to be a redemption movie.   and in way it is.  my favorite type of movies.<br />Sting!  great songs by him  and the rest. get the CD or tape.<br />&quot;and in the end the love you take  it's equal to the love you gave.&quot; (Beatles, White Album)  beautiful.<br />PS- in the oscars, when Cage won, E.Shue was there and she was  very happy, waving her hands for him.  she deserved the oscar too, but  then, Susan Sarandon made a great performance at &quot;Dead Man  Walking&quot;. great movie too.
0446605409|1.0|This is the first and last book I will read by this author.  Everyone was raving about the book so I decided to read it.  The detective, who I thought was not the least bit funny, was so annoying that if he were a real  person I would probably kill him.  Don't waste your money on this one.
B00000IGGA|5.0|Altogether, this CD forms a cohesive whole--it's the single best album Waits has ever produced.
1573220485|4.0|Before reading this book, I read Garland's second novel, Tesseract, which was excellent, so I had to read his first. I was amazed at how different the two are from each other, but equally sophisticated, fast-paced and  complicated. I might actually go see the movie with Leonardo.
B00000JYGX|5.0|Notre Dame de Paris is a superb new musical destined for greatness when it comes to Broadway.  It already is a big hit in Paris where it originated last fall.  It would be wonderful to hear  it in French in USA, but I guess  that for box office it will have to be translated into English. I hope that  it loses none of its beauty and emotion.  The music soars and can be  compared with The Phantom of the Opera.  It is a very exciting addition to  the musical theatre after Les Miserables to have another Victor Hugo story  and characters come out of the book and onto the stage.  Hope that it will  not be too long before we get the chance to see it in New York.  In the  meantime buy the box set.  Even if you do not understand the French  language you will enjoy the music.  Music is an international language  anyway.
B000002JSJ|4.0|No matter how you look at it, this is a good cd.  Achilles Last Stand sounds just as good, if not better than Stairway to Heaven (maybe thats cause Stairway is so overplayed).  Nobody's Fault But Mine has some great  guitar and a nice hook.  The other songs are not as well known, but they  all have a nice Zeppelinesque sound.  This is a good cd, although not as  powerful as IV or as driving as II.
6305234760|5.0|Although one can quibble about the direction, the music and staging are absolutely fantastic!  This was truly an enjoyable, inspiring and spectacular performance.  It has turned me into an opera fan. I am telling  all my Gen-X friends about it.
0790745399|5.0|I have already seen this movie three times, and will probably see it one more time before it disappears from the big screen. Even though I am not a Keanu Reeves fan (don't tell him that though!) him and his co-actors are in  their best, as if they were born to act in this movie. The cast, scenerio,  special effects are brilliant. I am sure everyone has seen this movie found  something to relate in themselves. If you are looking for good special  effects blended with a touch of philosopy, romance, and action, this is the  movie you are looking for. Not to be missed for collectors.
B000001EKX|4.0|This album for some reason is, &quot;The Forgotten KISS Album&quot;.  This album is very raw and is much closer to the band's live sound than their first album.  Once again, Kenny Kerner and Richie Wise were on hand for  production, and they actually managed to do a worse job than on the first  album.  The album sounds as though it were recorded in a tunnel.  However,  this album rocks in every sense of the word.  Got To Choose, Parasite, and  Watchin' You are among my favorite Kiss Klassics.  This album deserved a  much better production job and better sales than it received.
0451167716|5.0|The best gangster novel ever written, bar none.  This book is the standard by which all mob stories are measured.  I have read this book about a dozen times since buying my first copy in 1975, and have enjoyed it every time  I've read it.  Truth be told, about a third of the book could have been  taken out, but it is still a very good read.  May God bless Mario Puzo.
6304711891|5.0|This is my favorite movie!  Nicolas Cage is great (also my favorite actor)!  Sean Connery and Ed Harris are great!  Everyone is great!  Full of action and plenty of humor, which makes a great combonation.  If you  haven't seen this you should. I own 2 copies of it!  Just . . . GREAT!
B000002MZ9|5.0|This is what I had hoped &quot;Sleeps With Angels&quot; would be.  It's up there with &quot;Ragged Glory&quot; and &quot;Rust Never Sleeps&quot; as Neil Young's finest albums.  The grungy, garage-band feel of this album is  unsurpassed.  I hope the rest of Young's musical output will be just as  good.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This album is a threat to civilzed american life.  Don't let your kids get ahold of this one.
068815333X|3.0|I'm praying that Lehane doesn't become what Robert B. Parker has become, a novel machine.  Prayers for Rain is like fast food compared to the rich meals of his previous books.  The story is not very involving.  Unlike his  previous books, we don't get a strong sense of why Patrick wants to help  defend this girl's honor or get back at the forces that made her this way.  Although there are some strong scenes of revenge like in previous novels,  the ending seems like a tacked on afterthought, a real let down after  reading the rest of the book.
B000003TAR|5.0|Rape me and All apologies are two of nirvana's best songs, and they alone make this album worth buying.  I just want to correct one of the other reviewers in saying that without Nirvana, Offspring would not exist.   Nirvana  released their debut album &quot;Bleach&quot; in 1990, and The  Offspring released their debut album &quot;The Offspring,&quot; in 1989.   Besides, they are two completely different styles of rock music, Nirvana  being grunge and Offspring being punk-pop.
B000001EG6|5.0|This album is both the most atypical of Elton's predominantly glitzy career, and yet the truest to his innate sense of melody and drama. Without this album Elton John would still remain one of the greatest recording  sellers ever, but not one of the greatest artists. <br />&quot;Your Song&quot;  is but a teaser to the riches awaiting the listener as he glides us through  the gentle strains of &quot;I Need You To Turn To&quot; before assaulting  us with the apocalyptic &quot;Take Me to the Pilot&quot;. Traversing the  psychosexual terrain of a young woman's &quot;First Episode at  Hienton&quot; Elton then proceeds to bedazzle and mystify with the bombast  of &quot;Sixty Years On&quot;, the wistful irony of &quot;The Greatest  Gift&quot;, and the anarchic &quot;The King Must Die&quot;. Throughout this  journey John and Bernie Taupin succour the listener's emotions with richly  blended poetic harmonies, alternately invigorating and bewildering in their  density and simplicity.<br />After this all else seems futile - that is the  tragedy of genius.
B0000033TE|5.0|From the alien H.R. Giger cover to the elegiac strains of &quot;Jerusalem&quot; to the careening percussion of the final &quot;Impression&quot;, ELP's masterpiece exemplifies the best - and often  most grandiose - of rock's mega-groups. As Cream were the ultimate  collaboration of Sixties virtuosos, ELP were the state-of-the-art Seventies  group, whose music blended classical and rock with a bombast that needed no  live show to appreciate it. From the stabbed-synthesizer torment of  &quot;Toccata&quot; to the mystic ballad of &quot;Still...You Turn Me  On&quot; to the dark thunder of &quot;Karn Evil&quot;, you know something  wicked this way comes, and you have to see the show to the apocalyptic end.  ELP has been dissected unkindly since the advent of Punk, Post-Modern and  Techno, dismissed as a trio of self-indulgent, pampered and moody egotists  (sound like any musician today?), but they refused to pare down the  intelligence, the care, and, yes, the theatrics, inherent in their work.  &quot;Brain Salad Surgery&quot;, like &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;,  defined an era, however brief.
1558807381|4.0|Beautiful visuales and an interesting array of actors, make this  film about the never ending struggle of light over dark a must see classic for all lovers of fantasy and fairytales. Tom criuse is very young... and Tim  Curry as the lord of darkness rocks! the costuming is incredible !
630451087X|4.0|A director as individualistic and bizarre as David Lynch could probably use better publicity to attract a general audience to his work (&quot;Elephant Man&quot;, &quot;Wild At Heart&quot;, &quot;Blue  Velvet&quot;), but he's far more interesting to watch than other movie  makers whose sole aim is to create a blockbuster. In &quot;Lost  Highway&quot; Lynch has gone completely off the map, and you have to watch  this film repeatedly to absorb all the nuances, the menace and the mystery  of two persons (or is it one?) trapped in supernatural circumstances. It's  not a film for the faint-hearted. The violence is not necessarily more  graphic than a dozen Hollywood blockbusters - it just jars you with its  intensity and suddeness. Yet in Lynch's world, violence and mayhem exist  just below the surface of the everyday, be it the small town cocoon of  &quot;Twin Peaks&quot; or the cool decay of Los Angeles in &quot;Lost  Highway&quot;. In the best filmed scene of road rage, Robert Loggia (as Mr.  Eddy) unleashes a fury that brings home the proximity of madness in our  Post-Modern time. Characters are introduced in an intimate, sketchy  fashion. There's Bill Pullman, a seemingly straight-arrow saxophonist whose  low-key demeanor hides a torment. Patricia Arquette plays his somnolent,  sultry wife with mysterious connections to Mr. Eddy. Best of all is Robert  Blake, who plays an apparition that menaces and seduces Pullman. What  connections these characters all have ultimately is secondary to the  strange &quot;unlogic&quot; that Lynch uses to tell the story. When we see  Pullman somehow transformed into Balthazar Getty's teenager hoodlum, it's  part of the cycle of mystery and murder. Life is a series of pre-ordained  moves in &quot;Lost Highway&quot;, only some of the characters don't know  it. Lynch has vowed never to take the Hollywood route to making films, a  lesson he learned with the heavy-handed &quot;Dune&quot;. It's just as  well: Hollywood could never contain his unique talent. &quot;Lost  Highway&quot; is a dark gem worth acquiring.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Limp Bizkit has got to be the trendiest band of all time.  Everything about these guys, from the way Fred Durst controls their whole little empire (like a talentless Billy Corgan) to how they try to pass off this  whole rap/rock fusion as something new (Rage are the real innovators).  I  was embarrassed to listen to this CD!  I didn't even pay for it and I still  felt ripped off!!  It's just song after song of wannabe thrash filled with  brain-dead lyrics (&quot;stick it up your...YEAH!!!) What a waste of time.   My friend kept having to shake me to wake me up.  This just goes to show  that unless your sound is genuine, people can easily spot you for a fake.   These guys may have found a place on the bandwagon, but they won't be there  long.
B00000JJSK|5.0|If you like nitty gritty hard rock, buy this record.  I guess it would be categorized as stoner rock, but it's more uptempo than most stoner rock that I'm familar with.  If you dig Monster Magnet, Orange Goblin, Trouble,  Soundgarden, Black Sabbath, Loudmouth, etc...then you're all over this.
0783235666|4.0|Alferd Hitchcock one of the most notorious directers ever. The birds is Hitchcock at his best!
B00000DLVA|3.0|They tried to change their sound into something like trip-hop or pop or whatever... but the music is okay... kind of depressing. Don't even pay attention to the lyrics, they don't make sense and its like they do it on  purpose so it makes them seem cooler.
0792839846|5.0|Whoever wrote below that the character of Sam was &quot;shallow and subservient&quot; doesn't seem to realize that this film was made in the early 1940's.  It may not have been right, but that's the way it was in  Hollywood.  Judging old films by today's political standards will put you  off about half of everything made before 1960 or so.  This is the greatest  romantic American film, ahead of &quot;Gone with the Wind&quot; because it  never lapses into sentiment.  The characters make tough choices and live  with them.  Oh, it's all subjective, who likes what best.  But this film  was beautifully and tightly written, directed and acted, without a trace of  melodrama.  It was made by and for grownups.  Great stuff.
0792836014|5.0|Other reviewers complain that the filmmaking is incompetent and that the fan interviews are pointless ... don't believe a word. This is a complete look at Elvis' Vegas production, with behind-the-scenes looks at the  businessmen running the show (some segments look as if they were lifted  straight out of a Scorsese film), and every inch of footage simply serves  to capture the monumental grasp that Elvis had on the entire world.  Particularly enlightening is the sequence that cuts back and forth from a  Belgian Elvis impersonator performing &quot;Tiger Man&quot; to Elvis doing  the same song in Vegas; as the camera settles on Elvis, wildly gyrating  with his band at full steam behind him (particularly guitarist James  Burton), you understand what a locomotive this show was. And the interviews  are great, despite what some may think ... the hopelessly nerdy guy, for  example, who acutely observes that Elvis can do it all -- sing, dance, act:  &quot;He's the Willie Mays of entertainment.&quot; These are all real  people -- ugly or not -- and their enthusiasm for the King is by turns  touching, comical, and pitiful.
B00000G28U|5.0|This album kicks ass, it takes the last two albums and gives them a hiding in the street.  Disc 1 shows that classics if they are reworked proparly can become great hits for the band, unlike this rave and hip hop crap  ripping off everyone.  Disc 2 is Metallica over the years, this is the  stuff they have played live from Birmingham to L.A.  Metallica have begun  to put the balls back into heavy metal with this offering.
0783226152|5.0|If you ever sat through study hall reading Hot Rod surrepticiously while the sleet pounded against the windows, and dreamed of California, nice looking girls and 6 carbs on a deuce coupe, this one is for you.<br />Siskel  and Ebert made the point that this movie shows the different cliques in  high school crossing over into new groups for just one wild night,and  getting to know each other. In many ways, this is the blue collar  complement to Animal House. They are both set in that same era.<br />The  tunes, the cars, and then that ending...
B000002GF8|5.0|With one breath, with one flow, you will know that this is a truly excellent, well-rounded work from the most sophisticated and talented group to emerge from the post-punk era.  Sting's brooding interpretations of Jung  are among his most mesmerizing lyrics, and his voice (and bass) are way  above par, as usual.  Copeland is up to his usual antics; his high-hat and  cymbal work is, as always, utterly unique and compelling, and he shows off  his bass and snare drums pretty damn well on &quot;Synchronicity II.&quot;   Summers incorporates more diverse guitar styles than on the previous  albums, and it pays off.  The four hit singles are all fantastic, and the  other tracks provide a pleasing (with the exception, perhaps, of  &quot;Mother&quot;) variety.  The album's only drawback is the apparent  lack of total energy very much in evidence on the earlier works.   Synchronicity and Reggatta de Blanc remain The Police's best albums; which  is Numero Uno I'll never know.
B00000G3I0|3.0|When I first saw this, I liked the movie but I still went away kind of disappointed. Guess the reaction to the story, such as it is, would be: Heck is THIS all we amounted to? This was what 1968 was for?<br />Alas, in  many cases that is true. The Pres has since confirmed just that.
6304233639|3.0|It's a comic book with great special effects and lots of one-dimensional characters that are incredibly annoying or incredibly dumb.  you may find yourself rooting for the aliens just so they'll wipe out Judd Hirsch's  character. It was an O.K. adventure that should have been quite a bit  better. I don't put it in the league of &quot;War of the Worlds&quot; or  &quot;The Day The Earth Stood Still.&quot;
6303913881|5.0|Absolutely, bar-none the best worst movie ever made. The dialogue is flawless in it's stupidity and the stars are unforgettable in their performances. The emotions are as raw as they come!  See Elizabeth Berkley  throw her french fries, marvel at her devouring a hamburger and be sick at  the same time.  Showgirls is truly the best of the worst.
6300213668|5.0|After a fun filled summer at the beach, Danny Zuko (John Travolta) and Sandy Olsen (Olivia Newton-John) sadly part.  Surprisingly, they are reunited at High School in the fall.  This film is wonderful, filled with  rock music.  I love the scene at the end at the carnival when they were  dancing to You're the One that I want.  What a happy song. Forget about  Grease2.  This one is by far Much Better.--Robert Metz
6305470448|5.0|This movie lives up to the idea of what I picture Shakespeare to be. A womenizer,a lover,a brilliant writter and a romantic.I loved every aspect of this movie. It hypmotized me at the theatre and I counted the days down  until I could see it again. When I got to see it at home it was like I fell  in love all over again.Paltrow and Fiennes were spectacular. I was not  familiar with Fiennes work but he won my respect with this film. He is all  I picture Shakespeare to be. I have even gotten my seven year old in love  with the movie. I suggest you buy the screenplay,you relive the movie each  time you read it. A standing ovation for Norman and Stoppard! FIVE STAR  PREFORMANCE! If you love Shakespeare you will love this movie.
B00000JCOV|5.0|this album is insane it is the most furious hard core ive heard in awhile and its amazing how they include melodies in as well. their live show is even more nuts and any hard core metal fan should have this album. the best  songs are sic eyeless spit it out no life and wait and bleed.
0875845851|1.0|Christensen has re-observed that mature companies have difficultly dealing with the low end of their market.  Because of my personal experience my comments are limited to his analysis of the disk drive industry.  He force  fits his observations to his therory; in my opinion his observations have  little connection with the industry's real history.  In one sense his  theory fails the Occam razor test; a much simpler theory is raised in  &quot;Capital Market Myopia,&quot; a Havard Business School paper which  notes that in the 80's the Capital market funded too many companies - 80 or  so companies all of whom expected 20% market share.  Each plan by itself  made sense and was fundable, but the totality was doomed to massive  failure.  I can't comment on his other examples, but if his rigor is  consistent, then I suspect his history is equally flawed.  In the end, what  is so novel about the observation that large companies have difficultly  dealing with the low end of their market - that's the automobile story in  compacts; IBM's story in minicomputers, etc.?  Save your money!
6305251134|5.0|This is a great period film that has much to teach us about how to live today.  The hunting scene in the first five minutes is not only dramatic and beautiful but also teaches respect for all living things.  The film  highlights how important it is to understand and cooperate with people of  other cultures, and relays a great appreciation for the Indian peoples who  lived on the North American continent for thousands of years without  harming the environment.  Throw in a sweeping love story, gorgeous scenery,  and memorable as well as delightful music and you have a movie that one  will want to watch often.  We have the soundtrack on CD and it is a family  favorite.
B000002UDB|5.0|Back in the mid 70's when I was jamming to KISS and Frampton, I pulled this one out of my parents' record collection because of the cover. After listening to it, I couldn't believe I'd missed this for so long. Not many  will ever match the talent this record showcases!
B00000K19E|5.0|I won't lie to you - I've seen many, many movies in my life, but this one takes the cake. The Matrix is by far the best movie I have ever seen in my entire life. The non-stop action mixed with drama and suspense is a killer,  and the plot line keeps moving at a very fast pace. I went back to see it  again, and found that there were many things I had missed the first time.  Even if you do not like action movies, you will love The Matrix. Also,  despite popular opinion, this movie is NOT gory at all. There is very  little blood shown, except for one or two scenes. The plot line also really  gets you thinking. I'm not saying that any of that is REAL, but it at least  makes you think about it. I left the movie the first time with adrenalin  pumping through my veins and an unimaginable about of ideas going through  my head. And Carrie Ann Moss - she's hot, she's spontaneous, she's an  awesome actress, and she is a major contributing character to both the plot  and the action of the movie - what more can I say? Keanu Reeves has another  great part in this movie, and the Agents - what can I say? They're cunning,  ruthless, and very well played. The entire movie is phenomenal - I assure  you, you will not get bored. If you've already seen this movie, see it  again. If you haven't seen it yet, WHAT ARE YOU DOING READING THIS!? GO SEE  IT! I would definitely recommend this movie in any format you can get - I'm  planning on getting it in DVD, VHS, and anything else I can (maybe two  copies in case one breaks). I don't know how else to describe this movie,  so I'll say it again - THIS IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER MADE! Watch it and,  whoever you may be, you will not be disappointed.
B000002G7G|4.0|Sometimes I can't get over how much I love and admire this band.  I started listening to them when I was about 14, and I think I love them more than ever (I'm now 32).  I'm sure I'll still be playing this when I'm 50 or  60.  Anyway, &quot;Candy Says&quot; might be my favorite, although  &quot;Pale Blue Eyes&quot; and &quot;I'm Set Free&quot; aren't far behind.   Only the semi-failure of &quot;The Murder Mystery&quot; keeps this from a 5  star rating.  Lou provides a little more (ok a lot more) melodic touch than  previous Velvets efforts, but all this analysis is unnecessary- just buy  this and everything the band released, and you will be better for it.
6305428298|5.0|I cant beleive that this movie never made it to more theatres. I had to drive 40 miles to see it when there are dozens of theatres nearby.  The cast did a super job and the singing of Jane Horrocks was sensational. Wake  up people. This deserved many OSCARS.
B000002KIE|5.0|This is where it all started.  Sure, the Ramones and Talking Heads came first, and sure, Cock Sparrer was around in England by this time, but which of them spawned a great musical revolution that would change the shape of  music?  None of 'em.  But with NEVERMIND THE BOLLOKS, HERES THE SEX  PISTOLS, everything changed.<br />All you so called &quot;punks&quot; who  think the Pistols were just puppets, pay attention.  Do you really think  someone with an ego like Johnny Rotten would have let himself be controled  by Malcolm McClaren? When you say he created the bad boy image, and that  the Pistols were nothing but a media show, guess again.  When you think  that, all you're doing is falling vicitm to the media machine that is  Malcolm McClaren.  Movies like &quot;Sid and Nancy&quot; and &quot;The  Great Rock n Roll Swindle&quot; don't even come close to telling the truth.   All Malcolm did was create havoc in the band by getting them bad gigs at  places taht just ended up cancelling their shows.  The Sex Pistols were  real.  They started it for you all.  Jonny, Glen Matlock, Steve Jones, and  Paul Cook WERE the Sex Pistols.  Sid was nothing but a face.  These boys  were acting punk before it was called punk.  They had a style all their own  that bands like The Clash and the Buzzcocks tried to mimic.  (Even those  bands themselves have admitted that the Pistols they wanted to be like the  Pistols).<br />This is a wonderfully horrifying album.  One of the essential  punk classics.  Its such a pretty mess and should be heard by everyone.   Nevermind the modern punks, nevermind the meadia frenzy, nevermind the fact  that every music historian and punk from the '70s credits the Sex Pistols  for changing everything about music, never mind the bolloks of it  all...here's punk rock at its finest.
0790738139|5.0|The director of &quot;L.A Confidential&quot; has mixed that grand stage called the 50's and the intrigue of the 90's into one whole artistic aurora of cinematic genius.'L.A Confidential' is the most entertaining movie to  come along in a long while.  Kim Basiner is not one of the best actress'  around but she puts up a grand performance as a Lana Turner-look-alike.   Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, and  newly discovered Guy Pearce create a  genuine masterpiece about good, bad and the &quot;who's-dun-it-of who's  done it&quot;.  Each part of the film has meaning which makes it so  exciting.
B000000FG8|5.0|OPERATION IVY is one of the best punk bands of all time.  They're creative songwriting ability (a mix of traditional punk and pop-ska) and beautifully constructed lyrics make this one of the most enjoyable albums of all time.   The only reason you haven't heard of them is because they never made it as  far as MTV (thank god!!) If they had, you could have seen this on top of  almost every &quot;Top 100 albums/bands/alternative bands&quot; list  available.  They are a classic for ANY music fan. Get this one TODAY!
B000002UDD|3.0|It's an OK album,some songs are really good like &quot;Hook in Mouth&quot; &quot;502&quot; and &quot;Liar&quot; but the rest are kind of lackluster. Not a very good cover of &quot;Anarchy In The UK&quot; in which Mustaine  replaces UK with USA which makes it even worse. Although this is old school  Megadeth! Powerchords and thrash speed are included in this 1987  album,unlike what they've put out since 1992's Countdown to Extinction  which is even more dismal. So Far..So Good..So What! is half good and half  bad. Take your chances if you like thrash metal. You might love this,hate  this or feel the same way I do &quot;eh,it's ok I guess&quot;.
B000002AHM|5.0|San Francisco in 1980 saw the mixing of fussion-jazz power guitarrist John McLaughlin and Al DiMeola with Spain's flamenco guitar master Paco de Lucia(who was practicaly unknown in the US). This Friday Night also saw a  display of outstanding guitar performance on Mediterranean Sundance/Rio  Ancho (by DiMeola &amp; DeLucia), Egberto Gismonti's Frevo Rasgado, Chick  Corea's Short Tales Of The Dark Forest (which sees a two channel display of  true guitar playing). Hardly any other musician of this genre can approach  to what the Guitar Trio did on a Friday Night in 1980.
6303012140|4.0|Yes, this is an action shoot em up Stallone action fest.  But this movie containts some of the best, sharptest satire and pointed social criticism I've seen since &quot;Network&quot;, albeit in a typically heavy handed  Stallone manner.  But no matter...it raises real questions about what a  &quot;safe&quot; society would be like, and whether it's better to be free  and live with risk, or be safe and live with emptiness. Look beyond the  cheesy dialogue and graitiuous violence to a real interesting presentation  of one of the central issues (liberty vs. safety) of our time.   <br />ps/One  great bit of writing....Sandra Bullock's character is named Lenina  Huxley....did you know that Aldous Huxley wrote the dystopian masterpiece  &quot;Brave New World&quot; and that the lead female character was name  Lenina?  Clever.
B0000025US|5.0|To hear the best three acoustic guitarrist of the world is one listening experience worth having. I think DeLucia, DiMeola &amp; McLaughlin deserves the same credit on this masterpiece. Orient Suite, gives a highlight to  this CD, but Chiquito and Sichia are true flamenco jewels (you have to  listen to the two of them together), and Passion, Grace &amp; Fire, gets an  standing ovation, althought I prefer the 1978's Electric Rendevous version  with just Paco de Lucia.
B000002OHX|5.0|This was the first official and still the best live album Wishbone Ash has put out. It has the best songs from the first four albums. Tunes like &quot;Rock And Roll Widow&quot;, &quot;Blowin Free&quot; and others will  show you just how powerful this band is. After purchasing this, you will  want the first four albums. This is simply a great album.
B000004756|5.0|After listening to the extraordinare Friday Night in San Francisco and Passion, Grace and Fire, you couln't expect less than a true display of guitar virtousism. And that's what we get. De Lucia master playing (he  plays in a true flamenco way, with no pic, just his fingers), DiMeola's  compositions, and McLaughlin's feeling on the guitar, takes on a journey  through Manha de Carnaval (a latin america classic), Azzura and Beyong The  Mirage (both now on DiMeola's last opus, The Infinite Desite). Definitly  one of the most incredible acoustic sets I've ever heard. Outstanding.
0399143904|1.0|This is the last Clancy book I buy hot off the press in hardback.  From now on, I'm going to check the Amazon reviews before risking my money.<br />Rainbow Six looks like the result of a rush writing job with  almost no editing.  Certain peculiar phrases, while interesting on their  own, show up two or three times.  Made me think that Tom was trying them  out in a few places and was too rushed to figure out the one best  place.<br />The pace was very non-Clancy like.  The action dragged frequently  and the good guy descriptions became routine and boring.  This was my first  Clancy novel I found easy to put down.<br />Fortunately, I found sufficient  satisfaction with the ending to somewhat make up for the unpleasantness of  the read but overall, I still cannot recommend the book.
B000001FQ4|2.0|This should not be measured against the band's best material,but rather looked upon as a step towards the fine mid 70's output.The studio version of &quot;Still in love with you&quot; (later to become a live  favourite)makes it's first appearance here with Frankie Miller guesting on  vocals.&quot;She knows&quot; is probably the next most memorable track ,  epitomising a softer side to the band's work which was to become  increasingly scarce as the decade proceeded.
6300248569|5.0|This production evoked the 19th century; the costumes, scenery, houses, and  dance scenes made me feel as though I had been transported there.  The casting is terrific.  The woman playing Mrs. Bennett, for instance, or the  man playing Mr. Collins, were terrific.  They  were in stark contrast to  the refined Elizabeth and Darcy.  It made one acutely aware of how  different she is from her parents and their choice of suitors.
B00000IQV6|4.0|good and impressive pictur
0385493800|1.0|Not witty, interesting or entertaining.... It's only a dull plot, leading to the lawyer's convertion thru religion, not very likely.... It's sad to see a good writer lose his imagination and sense of wonder.... He needs to  retire and convert, his call now is the religion, not the writing!!! 700  club can use him as a co-host!
6303149200|4.0|I rented the 84 min. version (the only version currently available) and was impressed with the story.  However, after finding a web site that described the 107 min version, I was upset.  The 84 min. version is fine,  though doesn't make much sense...the 107 min. version clears things up.   All in all, a good movie.
0792840461|5.0|The first release has a place in history but it is dated and fails to connect the viewer to the characters as the new release does.  McQueen is stiff although Dunaway is not.  Film editing is dated and opts for 70's  technique which may interest film buffs for that matter alone.  Can only  recommend seeing it inlight of the new release.  Otherwise, this film is  not worth the viewers time or money.  See &quot;Bonnie and Clyde&quot; for  Dunaway at her best.  See &quot;The Great Escape&quot; for McQueen at his  best.  It is also better to see the old version first than the new version.   The other way around will only have you returning the tape early.
0553108034|5.0|I cannot write a more masterly  review than that of the reader from CT posted 8/25, so I'll just agree with her/him.  I usually avoid fantasy and stick to sci fi, but this book and its predecessor had me reading well into  the night several times.  I do hope that this story can be encompassed in  3-4 books, so that it *remains* gripping, instead of drowning in all the  boring, braid-tugging detail of Rand et al.
B000002U82|3.0|&quot;Greatest album of all time.  The only album you need on a desert island.  The be-all and end-all of rock music.&quot;<br />Come on.  It's not that great.  There are a ton of albums that I enjoy more than this  one.<br />That's not to say that I don't enjoy DSOTM.  But I have a few  problems with it.  Namely:<br />1.  Most of the songs now sound slow and  pondering to me.<br />2.  &quot;On The Run&quot; gets on my nerves something  horrible.  Yes, even with headphones.<br />3.  I wish someone would put that  lady in &quot;The Great Gig In The Sky&quot; out of her misery.<br />4.   &quot;Money&quot; has been played to death on the radio.  TO DEATH.  I  can't even listen to it anymore.<br />5.  The synth experimentation on  &quot;Any Colour You Like&quot; sounded awesome when I was 13, but it  doesn't sound so revolutionary now.<br />6.  None of the songs really  &quot;rock.&quot;  Not even &quot;Money,&quot; since it's mostly in 7/4  time and therefore pretty hard to dance to.  I realize that this is a  &quot;headphones&quot; album and not a dance album, but still...<br />7.  The  whole thing is pretty lyrically depressing.  After listening to it, I feel  a great urge to pop in something like &quot;Meet The Beatles&quot; to get  my spirits up again.<br />I doubt I'm going to change any minds here.  But  there's my two cents, anyway.  DSOTM is definitely worth a listen, but  let's not go nuts and say it's the best music ever recorded, period.
6304806418|5.0|I am the all time loather of Madonna,don't own one CD of hers.I was crushed when I heard that she had landed this role.I was even more surprised to here that Antonio Banderras was going to actualy sing in this  flic,just thought he was some nice eye candy.Well I was astounded!!This is  the best adaptation of a play to the screen that I have ever seen.Madonna  carries the role of Eva Peron with a true dedication to the subject matter  and the score.She was absolutely magnificent in this part.And Antonio,well  I almost fell out of my theatre seat when I realized that he could sing,and  sing well,and act to boot!!Jonathan Price a veteran stage actor was  excellent in the role of Juan Peron.The location shots are beautiful,so are  the costumes and great Tango sequences.This is a movie that I will watch  over and over and show to young people as an introduction to theatrical  scores.   I never had the opportunity to see Evita on Broadway,but now I  feel that it could only pale in comparison to this beautifully  acted,fabulously sung,and lovely to watch movie.It is a keeper,buy it  now!!!!
B00000JCB2|5.0|This CD from Limp Bizkit is the best blend of rap and metal ever. Wes Borland rules the 7 string, and King Bizkit Fred Durst blends sonic-raw intensity in his lyrics, with old school rap (with an appearance by Method  Man) and just flat out insanity. This CD makes you forget about Korn's  FOLLOW THE LEADER.
B000002C2E|5.0|Anyone who thinks Bob Dylan is now only a shadow of his 1960s self simply hasn't been paying attention. This is an album that a kid in his 20s could never have made. And this is an album that kids in their 20s (or younger)  who are more impressed with Jakob and the Wallflowers, will simply not  appreciate.<br />But for those of us who have lived a while longer, &quot;Time  Out of Mind&quot; is every bit as powerful as &quot;Freewheelin'&quot;,  &quot;Highway 61 Revisited&quot; and &quot;Blood on the Tracks.&quot; It's  an album that words cannot describe. Buy it. Listen to it. Let your mouth  gape open in wonder. And if you don't get it, put it away for 10 years or  so and then try again.<br />Bob, may you strive to paint your masterpiece for  many years to come.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This CD is too great--she's got a great voice &amp; writes incredible songs. I hope she comes out with another CD real soon!
6305169195|1.0|Yes, &quot;Armageddon&quot; does have wall to wall action. And yet it still manages to be insufferably dull. Loud! Obnoxious! And would somebody please HOLD THAT CAMERA STILL!!!<br />Who's in which shuttle? Who's dead?  Who's alive? Who cares? If this is the 90s answer to &quot;Star Wars,&quot;  someone please take me back to the 70s.
6305470448|5.0|This movie is simply amazing. Joseph Fiennes does not get the credit he should for his amazing performance. This doesn't disappoint!
B00000IRED|3.0|Critics were falling over themselves when this one came out, telling us all how original it was. Sorry. The idea has been done before. Did somebody say &quot;The Outer Limits?&quot;
B00000JG41|5.0|Bungle has shown yet no sign of melting down... maybe even getting better. Their first two albums we're also magnificent. I've seen them live and they keep everything real. Anyone who gave this album less than 4 stars has bad  taste.
B000001G6W|5.0|There's no doubt about it - Karajan is the ultimate interpreter of Beethoven, and nowhere is it more evident than in this recording, made in 1977. Karajan recorded this symphony three or four other times, but they  are not as satisfying as this one. The 1984 version lacks depth, and the  1963 version is too soft-beautiful-sound minded, to really capture the  Beethoven spirit, but this recording is a triumph. It is saddning the  Deutche Gramophone hasn't released the entire 1977 Beethoven recordings  done by Karajan, because they are by far the best of the 4 Karajan  recorded. If you decide to own only one recording of Beethoven 9th - this  is the one to own. Also highly recommended is the video of this version.
B00000IP3S|5.0|If you like blind guardian, this is a must have.  It's heavy and fast,and It's a real adrenalin rush.SO BYE IT ALREADY!!
0805210393|4.0|The Castle is a powerful look at a town full of people trying to gain meaning for their lives from something outside of and wholy removed from their selves.  The townspeoples alienation from each other and needy  grasping toward a Castle that they can dream about but never touch is a  disturbing one with strong parallels in today's celebrity worship,  religious fundamentalism, and statism.  Similiarly, K.'s descent from  activism  to conformity illustrates the power of mass society and the  desire to fit in over the indivdual's need for a self-contained self.<br />The  problem is the book is tooo long.  Kafka induces a sense of futility and  alienation by making his story move at a glacial pace with minute changes  taking chapters to occur.  And while this technique works, it's certainly  not some great literary accomplishment.<br />So while The Castle is a relevant  treatise on how we give, or fail to give, meaning to our lives; it's also  an incredibly dense and difficult read.
B00000HYXB|5.0|And I don't want to wake up. This Is their best album to date!It's Metal at It's very best and the med evil elements witch are in every one of their albums is so sweet.
0684874350|5.0|From the moment I opened this book I was mesmerized by it's honesty and beauty. I found myself crying AND laughing. What a childhood! What courage! I hope Frank Mc Court has another 100 books in him.
6300270424|4.0|I have had the opportunity to see the Yardbirds, Led Zeppelin, the Firm, and now Page/Plant and frankly, this album and movie doesn't do them justice.  Jimmy Page is, in my humble opinion, second only to Jimi Hendrix  in talent and a damn sight better playing blues than another fine  guitarist, Eric Clapton.  Nonetheless, the late Peter Grant's comments that  &quot;The Song Remains the Same&quot; is the most expensive home movie ever  is accurate.  Don't judge Page or Zeppelin by this movie; I have seen Pagey  eat Clapton, Beck, et al alive when he wants to.  If and when Page and  Plant tour again, run, don't walk, to buy tickets.  You will see one of the  very best ever!
B000002NHN|2.0|Many of the songs have some nice melodic ideas, but they run about twice as long as they should with no development, just repetition.  A very weak sister to early Enya recordings.
B000002U9L|5.0|I could not wait to play this CD and I was not disappointed when I did. Enjoy the music from the film and instantly recall your favourite lines of dialogue. A must for all Jim Henson film and Bowie fans!!! I love it.
B000002UB3|5.0|This final effort by the greatest group of all time is the Beatles' best overall effort, showing that even as the group was splitting apart, the members could still make rock and roll music. The best of the album begins  with the 12th cut &quot;Polythene Pam&quot; and runs through the 16th cut  aptly named &quot;The End&quot;, which it is. The 13th cut, &quot;She Came  In Through The Bathroom Window&quot;, is a great rock and roll number that  features some fabulous guitar riffs from Harrison.  Also worthy of high  praise are Harrison's &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;Here Comes the  Sun&quot;. Both show Harrison's often hidden talent. John Lennon's  &quot;Come Together&quot; is truly inspired and ranks as one of the  greatest tunes of all time.  Another Lennon number &quot;Oh! Darling&quot;  features him at his bluesy best.  But the album, and maybe the history of  this group, is best summed up in McCartney's &quot;The End&quot; with the  final lines &quot;And in the end, the love to take is equal to the love you  make.&quot; If you are young and have never listened to the Beatles, this  is the album to start with. And, if you are already a Beatles fan, this is  a must have album.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This cd is the best because it shows what music is really made of! Listen to the end of the last song and listen to what he says, because it is true.  Limp Bizkit is better than everyone!
B00000IOSU|5.0|I haven't been moved by a collection of songs on one CD in years!  I've been listening to it all day and it just keeps getting better and better.  Although I wasn't familiar with all the songs on this CD, I've come to love  every single one.  A must by for all ages!
B00000J7RZ|1.0|Who told you this would work?  It amazes me how overexposure will sell anything.  Put your clothes back on, sit at the piano, and SING darling... and watch how this won't sell.  Marc Anthony saved you on one song... and  MTV saved you on the others.  It would've been nice if you, as an  Ambassador for Latin American women everywhere, would have dignified us  with more talent and less skin.
0783226551|5.0|it's a different movie. in a way you can see it as a drama, but definetly is an horror movie.<br />the movie belongs to De Niro, eventhough  Nolte, Lange and Lewis were great too.<br />but Max is a living devil in a human  form.  i don't recall characters like this, not supernatural but with  infinite power to hurt.<br />i read he lost the oscar to Anthony Hopkins for  &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;.<br />well, that's something  else.<br />physicall/mind games vs. mind games/physicall.<br />really, does  anybody really matters?
0790734060|5.0|This first time I saw this film I was only three years old and I have to say I fell in love with it. Even today, it still tops my favorite films list. As many have said the story of Mozart's life may not have been  portrayed completely accurate, but the story they do portray is an  excellent one. It is one of very few movies that I would suggest everyone  watches.
0671027344|5.0|when i began reading the perks of being a wallflower, i had no idea what i was in for.  i was more than pleasantly surprised.  this book touched on every issue anyone has ever experienced in high school. but what made it so  special was the author's ability to perfectly describe the emotions teens  know so intricately:  the excitement of going to a first party, the rush of  a first kiss with someone, the perfection of a peaceful moment with close  friends...<br />this book moved me.  it changed the way i look at the world i  live in and the people i interact with.  what more can you ask for...
B00000J7RZ|1.0|Obviously everyone giving out five stars here is either pre-pubescent or male.  So here's another male perspective.  ROTTEN in GOTHAM!  This girl doesn't need fans - she's already madly in love with herself.  You want to  hear real talent?  Try Estefan, Tanon, Hawkins, Jackson, Madonna.  You  think she can act?  Try Streep, Paltrow, MacLaine, Sarandon.  This girl  ain't even close.
6305265488|5.0|Wow,what a lesson in morality! I love clean movies, and I think this is one of the most Grabbing movies I have ever seen. It takes away the unbelieveable parts of the Cinderella Story that give it it's &quot;fairy  tale&quot; and &quot;children's story&quot; status(fairy Godmothers,  pumpkins turning into carriages, even love at first sight.) Don't get me  wrong, I think love can happen at first sight, but that's mostly based on  looks, and there's more to love than that. Anyway, this movie makes the  cinderella story completely believeable. 100% believeable. It even puts it  in a real time and real place (which fairy tales never do). I love it.  Danielle's spirit is unbelieveable!! The photography is stunning. I think  this is one of the best movie's there's been in a long time. Get it, Watch  it!!
B000006OBQ|5.0|Well folks, I've been listening to this particular recording of Frank's for twenty years. It don't get no better than this pal! Simply the best! Basie and Frank at their very best. Turn the lights off, grab a drink, and  re-live the magic of that night in Vegas!
B000002NZO|5.0|The most striking instrument to me in the whole mix is the piano-a harsh sort of hymnal quality that Tony Banks never again used.The guitars are both overdriven electric and plucked acoustics-usually at the same  time.Peter Gabriel`s vocal is very gruff and stern sounding- more so than  at any other time in his career.On the whole it comes out a very emotional,  unpretentious rock album.These guys should be very proud of what they made,  but from interviews with Collins and Banks they choose to  discredit&quot;Trespass&quot;.Why in the world???
6305127646|5.0|I love Val Kilmer!! And even though his acting wasn't ther best I've ever seen him do (check out &quot;Tombestone&quot; for that, he was very good and great for the part. I LOVE his talent for accents, changing from a  Australian accent to a German one in a few seconds. And these accents are  not in the least cheezy or unbelieveable. I guess that is a talent that Val  Kilmer posseses as an induvidual.  It shows through in &quot;The Ghost and  the Darkness&quot; and &quot;Tombestone&quot; as well, but in this movie He  does dosens of accents. If you listen carfully he has the same accent when  he is &quot;Agust Christopher&quot; in the embassy near the end, as he has  the entire movie in &quot;Tombestone&quot;, as the incredible Doc Holliday.  This is a wonderfull movie! Val Kilmer is truly talented!!
B0000024JN|5.0|This, the 1st Beastie Boys album, being before the Explicit Lyrics was started is still just as good as any contemporary rap album. This is an excellent old school rap album with a mix of hard rock. The back in time  story of their version of Paul Revere and their take on a life of Piracy on  Rhymin' And Stealin' make this album a definite classic. There's also the  classic 80's rock/rap songs Fight For Your Right and No Sleep Till  Brooklyn. If you like old school then check this one out.
B000000H5K|5.0|The innovative death metal band Sepultura (Portuguese for &quot;Grave&quot;) was formed in Belo Horizonte, Brazil in 1984 by brother Max (vocals) and Igor (drums) Cavalera, who together with schoolmates Jairo  T. (guitar) and Paulo Pinto Jr. (bass) became one of Brazil's most popular  metal bands, releasing standard fare such as Bestial Devastation and Morbid  Visions. After the departure of Jairo in 1986 Sepultura brought in Andreas  Kisser on guitar and released 1987's Schizophrenia, which further built  their reputation in the worldwide underground metal scene. 1989's Beneath  The Remains and 1991's Arise, both released on Roadrunner Records, broke  the group worldwide. With a frenetic metal sound that recalled groups such  as Iron Maiden and Metallica and often political lyrics inspired by the  punk band the Dead Kennedys, Sepultura not only touched on the usual themes  of death and despair but also spoke out against corruption in their  troubled homeland, setting them apart from most death metal bands.  After  signing to Epic, Sepultura returned in 1993 with Chaos A.D., an album which  won them rare critical acclaim and catapulted them into the U.S. Top 40.  Following tours with acts such as Pantera, Ministry and Ozzy Osbourne, the  Brazilian foursome recorded 1996's Roots, another highly praised release  which blended the usual metal riffs with the complex rhythms of the  besieged Xavantes Indians of the Amazon, whose plight the band discusses in  their lyrics. Sadly Sepultura broke up in early 1997 due to musical  differences; its members are currently working on other projects.
068484267X|5.0|This is a great, great book. The abuse, poverty, neglect, institutional stupidity, and plain old parental ineptitude that Frank McCourt cronicles should make all of us appreciate the riches we take for granted. Can't wait  for 'Tis.
B000001FDK|5.0|This soundtrack is wonderful!  I love Summer Days and Hoplessly Devoted to you.  You don't get a good solid soundtrack like this anymore.  For more good solid music i recommened BSB, Smash Mouth or Blink182.
0060392584|5.0|This autobiography is amazing! I bought it to find out more about this controversial band named Marilyn Manson after having listened to most of his albums. I have never read a book in surch short time, literally in one  sitting! I never thought it would be so well written after having seen how  weird this guy is! But be warned, it contains bad language, drugs and sex.  I litarally went to hell and back reading this book, I recommend it to  anyone wanting to know more about Marilyn Manson.
0767817710|5.0|The other night, after seeing &quot;A Simple Plan&quot;, I decided I had to see the other Raimi movie that I'd somehow missed when it originally came out.  &quot;The Quick and the Dead&quot; was absolutely great.  Unlike  the previously aforementioned film (in which the director was far more  reserved, and perhaps - dare I say - more refined), this was Raimi  unleashed, the spurs thrown off of him (no pun intended).  The shots were  amazing... I'm referring to the film shots, not the gun shots (which were  also pretty keen).   There is simply no way to describe some of those  camera angles.  The action was sharp, swift, and relentless.  Sharon Stone  was great... the &quot;dark lone stranger coming to town&quot;.  It was  refreshing to see a woman in this role.  And Leanardo was actually  bearable.  Honest.  I couldn't believe it.  But I have to warn you.  This  film is not for everyone.  Some of the violence can be shocking, some of  the sequences absurd,... and,... well, if you're not used to Mr. Raimi's  visual flare, it may not be your cup of tea.  But I loved it.  And darn  tootin', that's what counts.
B00000JZC4|5.0|GOD MAN what a great new cd from filter. It is intense and never lets up. The guitars in it are totally a** kickin' and I also the the drums in it. WOW I just think that all hard rock fans need this.
0790736942|5.0|Before there was &quot;The Blair Witch&quot;, there was &quot;The Exorcist&quot;. This is one of those things best enjoyed (if that's the right word) in broad daylight, like Stephen King's book &quot;The  Stand&quot;. Some bits I recall scaring the heck out of me... Grinning  demon statue and hellish insect buzzing at the Iraqi archeological dig,  with dogs tearing each other apart. Sudden, loud bumps coming from Ellen  Burstyn's attic. Ghastly blue faces that appear for a half-second. Linda  Blair rearing up in Satanic vengeance to strike at Max Von Sydow. And,  worst of all, the original theatrical previews, featuring a sickening  series of strobe-like black and white images of the priests and the demon  child in mid-exorcism.   This is the stuff that resides in your basement,  under your bed, and in the depths of a darkened room. This film plays havoc  with the rational, and Evil never seemed so, well, evil.
B00000IZOR|4.0|There is nothing special about this toy.  The dial is too hard for tiny fingers to manipulate, and the cord for the handset is so short that the child has to pick up the entire toy to &quot;make a call&quot;.  There are  better options.
078062551X|2.0|This sci-fi noir thriller has some yawning gaps in its plot, and the sets, though interesting, can't make up for the paucity of material. A friend who knew of my appreciation for &quot;Blade Runner&quot; recommended &quot;Dark  City&quot; to me. I don't base this review on Ridley Scott's film (which  has its own flaws and contradictions), but on its own the movie feels flat.  It belongs more to the world of &quot;Dick Tracy&quot; than &quot;Blade  Runner&quot; or &quot;Metropolis&quot;. Actors like Keifer Sutherland, Ian  Richardson and William Hurt are wasted in this half-hearted effort.
068484267X|5.0|I came away from this book with great admiration for McCourt. He kept his family alive. How someone could keep such a sense of humor about the problems in his life?! I find this to be amazing. I laughed and sometimes  even cried while reading this book. McCourt is one of my hero's.
0800137884|2.0|Poor Bram Stoker. His novel of sublime horror gave Victorian people a delicious, shivering thrill, and a hundred years later, the Count is served up as a funky, badass dandy in Prince-style blue sunglasses (probably so he won't see how ridiculous he looks in the mirror). The older, twin-hose-headed version looks a little scarier, but leave it to Gary Oldman to slather on too much Wallachian accent. Actually, the scenery is the most commendable part of this thinly-disguised love story. Coppola has concocted some suitably haunting moments (although a lot of his little touches are right out of the BBC/Louis Jordan production), and the cinematography is rich. Keanu Reeves is the real Undead in this story... his atrocious acting and bad accent refuse to die of their own putrescence - they need a merciful blow from a sharpened stake. But Hollywood loves its \\"stars\\", even if they detract miserably from the story. As Bram Stoker wrote it, Dracula was a vicious monster who preyed on people out of bloodlust, not some attempt to avenge his dead queen. Enter Winona Ryder, also struggling with the English accent, but acting with far more passion than Reeves. She did better opposite the ghouls in \\"Beetlejuice\\" than in this one, though. Sadie Frost does Lucy with believable giddiness, and Anthony Hopkins is fine as Van Helsing, although I suspect he slips in a bit of the old Hannibal Lecter to see if anyone's paying attention. In the end I'm not sympathetic to either the Count or to Mina. It's too phony, for all the lush production and over-the-top gore. Dracula is the essence of our collective fear of the \\"thing hiding in the basement\\" - the thing that goes bump in the night. Still, I enjoyed the details, such as Dracula's menacing red-eyed rat surprise, and the three vampire babes wickedly attacking and seducing Jonathon Harker. Tom Waits as Renfield was just silly - Karloff on too much caffeine. Yes, there is a purist streak when it comes to classic stories. This version of \\"Dracula\\" was anything but Bram Stoker's.
B00000HXFL|5.0|This album is SO perfect because it's NOT perfect.  There is a little emotional weariness in Chet's voice, and there are times when you can hear a bit of a struggle with his flugelhorn (his trumpet was stolen before he  recorded this album.) But that is what gives this album such a human  quality, you can truly hear the sadness in Chet's voice when he sings  &quot;Born to Be Blue&quot; - as though the song is about him.  His playing  is usually phenomenal, but you can hear a bit of a struggle on his usually  so perfectly executed ballad solos, and there is such beauty to it.  I love  this album because it has such a wonderful human quality - there is so much  emotion in Chet's voice and playing, that you can almost feel with him.   Definitely buy this CD if you like Chet, or even if you just want a great  jazz CD to add to your collection.
0800116917|5.0|\\"There is only the desert for you.\\" These words, uttered by Anthony Quinn to Peter O'Toole, encapsulate the drama and enigma that was T.E. Lawrence's life. David Lean's \\"Lawrence of Arabia\\" is a masterpiece of directing, acting and cinematography. After seeing the film, I read Lawrence's \\"Seven Pillars of Wisdom\\", and realized how much of the actual epic didn't make it into the movie. But the film captures the essence of Lawrence's struggle to balance his ambitions with his romantic notions of Arabia. It is the way movies should be made. Lean's tortuous months in Jordan produced a mesmerizing and compelling vista of the desert - as captivating to us as it was to Lawrence. The landscape plays a silent actor to the human characters: it is always there, harsh, relentless, and woven into men's lives. Peter O'Toole's Lawrence is by turns driven and reluctant, part romantic scholar, part egotistic messiah. His Arabs and Arabia are the windmill he tilts at while fighting the Turks... in the end, neither the bedouin nor the land will yield to his notions of salvation. It's Lawrence's personal salvation that Lean is interested in. The supporting cast is superb. Omar Sharif is splendid as Ali, the man whose initial suspicions about Lawrence are transfomed into devotion and fear, and who dubbed the lanky Englishman \\"El Orens\\". Anthony Quinn gives a tour-de-force performance as Auda Abu Tayi, the proud, irrational leader of the Howitat tribe. It's a pleasure to watch him spar with Anthony Quayle's Colonel Brighton (recalling their appearances in \\"The Guns of Navaronne\\"). Alec Guiness, a Lean veteran from \\"Bridge on the River Kwai\\" proves that there is life before \\"Star Wars\\", in his role as Prince Faisal. The movie glosses over some of the historical facts of Arabian politics during WWI, and Lawrence's surviving family sharply criticized Lean's film, but I think he has made a nearly perfect movie. 37 years later, it's still one of the greatest works of the big screen.
6301963717|5.0|Along with my agreement with the other laudatory reviews below, let me add two small points.  When you watch this film, notice the huge rooms in which much of the action unfolds, with the actors placed on small islands of  furniture isolated in the voids.  Notice also the dissolves on window  curtains as the wind blows the story from one room to the next.  Gabriel  Byrne and John Tuturro are two of the finest actors   never to be nominated  for an Oscar and they both deserved it for their work in this film.   &quot;Miller&quot;s Crossing&quot; requires and deserves multiple viewings  to comprehend the full impact of this remarkable work.  Buy and enjoy!
B000002C1X|5.0|simply undiscribable. (ya its that good, bummer they only go up 5 stars
6305265488|5.0|Drew Barrymore is my fave actress and before I saw Ever After, Boys on the Side was my fave Drew movie, now it's Ever After. This was a very good movie. Danielle(the Cinderella character) was a strong, compassionate,  caring young lady. Although she was made(no pun intended) a servant, she  still had passion in her when she worked, she didn't grumble and groan  about being a servant, she did what she had to do. I cried during a couple  of scenes, but was so happy when Prince Henry came looking for her. They  were a match. What a story. Just fabulous.
0062502182|5.0|well...to start i had to read it for an advanced english class at school and and i was disappointed to read it over the summer..of course i had to, and it surprised me a lot.. the obvious is that the book talks of following  your dreams... but it also talks about fate and the world around you...  read it...its a good book  (not the same reviewer as the one below)
0930435001|5.0|Once Ken Follett decided to write the book, On Wings of Eagles, he took two years to carefully research every date, place, person and other key fact in the story. This is exactly what you would expect an ex-newspaper  man to do, especially one who is writing his first major non-fiction novel  and wants to protect his reputation as a successful writer. Ken spent  months researching the Iranian Revolution and the EDS rescue mission. He  spent weeks individually interviewing everyone who participated in the  rescue (except Colonel Bull Simons who unfortunately had died several  months after the rescue ended). Follett crossed-checked his facts with the  State Department, including staff stationed in the American embassy during  the Revolution, with Iranians familiar with the events that had transpired  in their country, and with many other people to make sure he got the story  right. <br />To the extent that his literary goal was achievable, the book  speaks for itself. Anyone who was in Iran during this period of time, and  who was familar with the overthrow of the Shah's government, knows how  accurate Ken's story is compared to the events that transpired.<br />It was  indeed fortunate for the hostages that Ross Perot formed an employee-based  rescue team that was successful in their mission. Follett describes this  part of the story in great detail. He also relates the other strategies  that were employed in an attempt to free the two executives, including the  extensive use of lawyers in Iran, the lobbying for assistance at the State  Department and the White House, and the exploration of several  military-oriented solutions. Follett also documents EDS'attempts to pay the  $12,750,000 bail (ransom?)for the two hostages. Unfortunately, none of  these solutions worked.<br />If Follett has any problem with his story, it is  the vast quantity of source material that he has to manage. Where does he  start, where does he stop?? Which people and which incidents are worthincluding, which are not?? And, does he praise Ross Perot?? Of course he  does. Ross is the person who led the rescue, who put his own life and  personal reputation on the line. Ross actually went to the Gasr jail to see  it for himself, to personally tell the two hostages to keep their faith and  to gain first-hand knowledge of the Revolution taking place in Iran. How  could Follett tell the story and not praise Perot. Actually, the facts do  it for him.<br />In truth, the bottom line measurement of the success of an  author's work lies in how many copies of his book are sold. In the case of  On Wings of Eagles, the results are staggering. More than twenty years  later, the paperback version of the story is still being sold in a dozen  languages on bookshevles all over the world. <br />In case, you are wondering  how I know all this to be true, I lived the story as one of the hostages  who was rescued. I gave the book five stars for accuracy and excitement.
B00000G28U|4.0|1.Metallica(Black Album)2.ReLoad3.Garage Inc.4.Master of Puppets5.Load. P.S. Unforgiven 1 and 2 are they greatest slow metal songs ever.
0767819543|5.0|The tone of the film is one of movement--movement from the darkness into the light, from the chaos of the city into the desolation of the country, from mistrust to hesitant, then profound love. Montenegra is a jewel, a  gift, and a sentinel of pathos to behold. Her performance reminded me very  much of the late great Giulietta Masina, Fellini's muse and wife. Oliviera  was superb in his debut. The direction in this film is assured and the  plot, while toying with the edges of schmaltz,never seems indulgent in the  end. A little Brazilian treasure. Own it and share it with your family and  loved ones.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I bought this CD not knowing much about Limp Bizkit except that i heard their earier CD and all it was was noise, just plain noise. However, this is alot more melodic and a whole lot better musically...how could you not  like Just Like This and Re-Arranged?
B00000K2SD|5.0|la he visto solo una vez y quede pasmado, su contexto y escenas son totales, la referencia visual de espcio-tiempo- movimiento, a modo de el hombre nuclear, nos traslada al mundo de la imaginacion mas alla de las  imagenes. bien lograda, ambientada y filmada.
B000002UAX|5.0|Frankly, this is the best album, by the best rock band of all time. I think the &quot;White Album&quot; has aged better than Sgt. Pepper, or even Revolver. While &quot;Pepper&quot; is forever locked into 1967, the White  Album has remained timeless.
B000000W74|4.0|This album is the first John Lee Hooker album i've ever listened to and I am indeed, a 'Hooked' fan.  His words and his music moved me and still do into a realm of blues that I havent had matched with any other yet.   This  album is without a doubt inspirable.  As an aspiring blues singer, I am  without a doubt, inspired.
B00000I9MK|5.0|It touches me in such a deep way, it seems almost magical
B000000OUE|5.0|If your a new comer to white zombie then get this cd FIRST.Rob vocals will tear your brains out and then stick'em back in.The most best song on ther is..( and this is my opinion )&quot;Blur the Technocolor&quot; it blends  electronic with trash, and the other songs you just have to find out for  your self!
6302798450|5.0|This is my absolute favorite movie of all time!  The third in the Evil Dead series, Ash is at his demon-fighting best!  When you're caught in the dark ages of Europe, what more could you want than a sawed-off, a chainsaw  fitted to your hand, and a '73 Oldsmobile hyped up into a deathcoaster?!   Buy this movie or I'll SWALLOW YOUR SOUL!
B000002H38|5.0|I can't believe that anybody buys or even listens to this whiny singer.  They play her music at work and nobody but nobody can stand her. It is so irritating that I go out of the building until the song is over.
6303407188|5.0|Ed Wood is as funny, and touching, a film as I have ever seen.  Johnny Depp shows great skill as the title character; Martin Landau won an Academy Award for his portrayal of Bela Lugosi; every last member of the cast gives  a brilliant impersonation.<br />I would love to own this video, but cannot  find it.
B000002UAO|5.0|The Beatles are very washed up. They should quit while they are ahead
0780624890|5.0|This is one of the best movies of all time. What can i say? But this movie rocks. The two leader actors are wonderful in this movie. It is a must see feature.
B000007R1M|5.0|You're able to listen to this CD without knowing it has been recorded 21 years ago. The only problem it it's only a 36 minutes CD...
0425152251|4.0|the background story is great, it makes reading the parts on philosophy much more pleasant. it does take a bit of an effort sometimes , but it's worth it. the second part of the book is easier to read because the  background story gets clearer : dont give up  :) (i m sure this book is  more valuable in the long run than books like rivergod or lord of the  rings)
0783233477|1.0|We rented this movie (DVD) yesterday and I was very dissapointed. I expected a great movie, in stead we got a perfect sleeping remedy! (I actually slept very well for the first time in weeks) Brad Pitt is playing  mister beautifull (who he isn't) and the scenes are tooooooo long. The  movie has no plot, you could have seen this one coming after watching 30  minutes or so. So unless you have trouble sleeping, don't spent your money  on this movie.
B000003TSP|5.0|I'm awstruck by the way Portishead has been able to unlock the door to heartache and make it into music. This album catapaults me into past memories of love and heartache. It brings tears to my eyes often. The album  is a leap past Dummy, and is much deeper and complex.
0767802659|5.0|Evey time I watch this movie I see it on a different level - almost like watching a new movie. Satirical - definitely! But also some serious social commentary on the true butality of war. I am always pleased when the  concepts of nationalism and patriotism are shaken on their pedestals - It  is allways a good thing to encourage people to think. I particularly like  the trashy-teen-soapy style in several scenes which remind us of the  abismal ignorance (why are we fighting?) that exist in our own society. I  saw this movie as a anti-war film, with alot of tounge in cheek to boot.  FUN STARS!
B00000IAU3|5.0|I first saw the video to &quot;Here With Me&quot; on M2 and I fell in love immediately. I was captivated by Dido's beautiful airy voice. I bought her CD the next day and I haven't stopped listening since!
B00000IBRX|5.0|For anyone who remembers a past life, a soulmate, who has been looking to find their perfect mate, who dreams of other worlds, and thinks the grass is always greener on the other side of Alpha Centaurii...Robin has been  playing roles which are challenging the threshholds of modern society,  pushing the envelope of our experiences and tolerances to new limits, and  entering worlds that are only the beginning of what we see in our  dreams...and nightmares. I advise people to watch with caution, it might  just open your eyes to what is REALLY out there, just beyond the  perceptions of &quot;concentual reality&quot;, into a realm where there are  worlds beyond this one, and where, essentially, we are all one.
6305470464|5.0|A wonderfully written and directed movie about family, friends and relationships.  The script itself is brilliant in how it subtly ties together all the different threads without insulting the viewer's  intelligence. Everything just seems to finally fall into place. The cast is  also extremely strong.  I especially enjoyed the performance by Gillian  Anderson, but you've got to love Gena Rowlands, Sean Connery and the rest  of these talented actors as well.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone.
B000000WJZ|5.0|This is to me they're second best cd, right under Mellon Collie.  The qualities i like are the blaring guitars on Cherub Rock, and the bitter Disarm, which i think is the best song on the cd.  And Spaceboy has a  excellent David Bowie sound to it.
6305538018|5.0|This movie is rich - lots of &quot;clues&quot; in the background so you have to pay attention! (I was too caught up the first time and missed things that became more apparent to me the second time I saw the  movie.)<br />Special effects are incredible (but I'm a big fan of Dennis  Pawlik's work) --- and there's quite a bit of humor in the dialogue which  lightens things up but still doesn't get in  the way of the plot.  I agree  with the other person who labeled it as &quot;a thinking person's  Matrix&quot;.  It's too bad the two came out at the same time, because  eXistenZ didn't get the  exposure it deserved!<br />One problem is that  there's no way to really encapsulate this movie in a sound bite. I think  this hampered it in first-run: no  trailer or ad really could do it  justice. It DEFINITELY should be on your &quot;rent&quot; list, and then on  your &quot;buy&quot; list.
B000006NPY|3.0|I'm not so sure what to say about this album.  It kinda confused me.  No blaring metal guitars, just drum machines and synthesizers.  Not that bad of a cd though.  Contains a few good songs, Ava Adore, Perfect, and Apples  + Oranges.  But mostly just a depressing, dark cd.  If you like electronica  this is for you.  But no metal in this cd.
0812548094|5.0|All the negative reviews on this book are valid. Why do I loveit?  It is so easy to read with none of the ridiculous descriptions ofeach tree and hillside that infest WOT.  The charachters may be cliche but so are Jordan's. This book does not punish the reader with weak willed, whiny, and undecided charachters. In Jordan's work you want to scream &quot;do something!!!&quot; .  Goodkind may not be the greatest writer, but he is an easy read.
0517122707|4.0|The author's command of the language is breathtaking.  His depictions of the characters are razor-sharp.  The book is a magnificent creation.  <br />I still didn't like it.  The protagonist makes me cringe, and I spent much of  the book trying to will him to get himself together.  Only a good writer  can get readers involved like that, of course.  I just don't like to get  involved in this kind of unhappy, depressed tangle -- not in real life, and  not in literature.<br />I recommend that people try the book.  Some will  abandon it after 50 pages.  Some readers will enjoy it immensely.  Very few  will ever forget it.<br />Finally, I offer the opinion that the author was a  genius.  I did not care for the subject matter of this book, but I say the  same of some of the works of Charles Dickens.  If this author had lived, I  think he would have created a large body of significant work and that I  would have enjoyed a good part of it.
0440178002|4.0|Jimmy wrote a pretty gripping novel, and it should be enjoyed for what it is.  Criticisms of his Japanese grammar inconsistencies are well-put, but criticisms of &quot;Historical innaccuracy&quot; seem misplaced when one  considers this is a work of fiction.  Sure, Toranaga is really Tokugawa,  and Blackthorne Will Adams, but these are just the people on whom Clavell  was trying to base his fictional characters.<br />Don't expect to learn a  great deal about the Japanese people (I have yet to urinate with someone)  from this book... especially Japanese people of today.  However, those who  happen to know what &quot;Japanese&quot; people are like shouldn't take  umbrage at the way people were in the late 16th-early 17th century.  Of  course Japan is &quot;mystical&quot; through the eyes of the English  Blackthorne, he'd never heard of regular bathing before washing ashore.<br />A  good book and a fun read... Go for it, it will make you cool.
B0000024RQ|5.0|This was my first Dylan album, and now I have them all. (Shouldn't that tell you something)? This is pure folk and I would give it 4 stars because it's less accessable to the casual more electric-Dylan oriented listener,  but it can't be passed.  It's good every minute, and shows us all that Bob  Dylan is a true musical genius.  Get this album even if your life is at  risk if you do! Gems:Practically all of them, but especially Blowin in the  Wind, Girl from the North Country, Oxford Town, A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall,  Don't Think Twice, it's all Right, Bob Dylans Dream
B000002KD5|4.0|I second the sentiments of the August 25th fan below regarding Lindsay Buckingham and Stevie Nicks. The fact of the matter is that this band goes down in history BECAUSE of the addition of these two creative artists.  Anyone who refers to them as &quot;failed musicians&quot; simply posts his  ignorance up in neon for all to behold. Let's put it this way: Mick  Fleetwood and John McVie had been at a while, going through the likes of  Jeremy Spencer, Peter Green, anyone remember Bob Welch?, while Lindsay and  Stevie had just started out. This album started it all. Not as many  powerhouse songs as &quot;Rumours&quot;, but still very good.
B0000024R8|2.0|A little dissapointing.... So many of the songs are too similar and the style  offers no break from repetativeness. There are  some good songs, for sure, and even the whole  album is interesting and maybe even good the  first  time you listen to it, but it certaintly doesn't  beg repeated  listening.  one of my least favorite  Dylan albums (and I have them all)  Gems: Song to Woody, Baby Let Me Follow You Down,  Freight Train Blues (Man  he can hold that note)
0783225970|5.0|Not only a great movie that everyone should watch at least once... but so many added features on this DVD it will blow your mind!
B0000024RZ|4.0|This is a great album. all the songs offer insight to the period and Bob's own thoughts. Personally, I like just about every song, but if you're into the electric Dylan, skip this album. He sticks with his acoustic and  harmonica and doesn't make exceptions.  But as I said, all the songs are  great. Gems: One too Many Mornings, North Country Blues, Only a pawn in  their Game, The LOnesome Death of Hattie Carrol, Restless Farewell
0671578278|5.0|If you're already familiar with the Vorkosigan series, you don't need much more of a review than &quot;It's another winner.&quot;  If you've yet to read one of the Vorkosigan novels, you'll probably enjoy this book a great  deal, but it's not the best of all possible starting points.  &quot;Young  Miles&quot; - a collection of novellas and short novels would be better and  would set up many of the references you'll find here.  Better yet, start  with &quot;Shards of Honor&quot; and work your way through the whole  series.
B000002518|4.0|I'm not giving five stars because that means flawless but is a real fine piece of work.  Contrary to these Amazon reviews, I've read many others from different sources that completely dumped on this album.  Why? True, it  doesn't have the power, emotion, and lyrics (besides Knockin on heaven's  door) that made Dylan famous, but I always find myself listening to it  because it's just so easy to take in. I love it. It shows Dylan's  instrumental and musical talent (not just poetry). It's flaw are some not  so great instrumentals (turkey chase, Catina Theme), and not being his  classic power.  Don't turn away from this album, though! Gems: Main Title  Theme (Billy), Knockin on Heaven's Door, Final Theme, Billy 7, River Theme
079284078X|2.0|I only rate this film 2 stars for the following: - films about fantasy ages are rare - Red Sonja is a knockout of a woman (hail Brigitte)<br />This film has a very poor music score, bery bad conducted artists and poorly  explored script. They tryed to make another Conan and ended up with a low  level movie. Its entertaining sure, the landscapes are beautifull and the  image is very good, but this film is poor. Arnold and Brigitte, you can do  much better, you've done it already. I only advise this film to fantasy  film fanatics like me, but only a child can't see the poor quality of this  movie. Anyway I will sure buy it when I have a DVD because as I've said  before, I like this type of movies and this one leaves me with that feeling  that if the director had put more attention into it this could be a  classic. Unfortunately it isn't.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|Jennifer Lopez is a very talented actress, but a talented singer she is not - at least, not on this album.  You can hear inklings of talent hidden in her music, but the songs chosen for this album only emphasis her lack of  range instead of helping it.  The synthesized instruments are too high and  all in the same range as her voice.  It ends up making it quite clear how  small her range is.  More bass and contrasting arrangements would have gone  a long way towards making her a more interesting singer.<br />Most of the  songs are uninspired and sound like watered down versions of other artists'  songs. &quot;It's Too Late&quot; sounds eerily similar in stylings to  Brandy's &quot;Learn the Hard Way.&quot;  Lopez has several great  songwriters on her album who sold her mediocre songs.<br />Although she has a  limited vocal range, it's easy to see that with better music and  arrangements, Jennifer Lopez could create a really good album.   Unfortunately, this album doesn't come anywhere close.
B0000029DD|5.0|I don't think there is another album I would rather listen to.  When I was first introduced to the music of Jeff Buckley, I was immediately intrigued.  By the time this album was purchased for me it was already a favourite.   The lyrics, so honest and intense, pull the listener into Jeff's world and  mind.  There are days when I weep for his death...there will never be  another artist quite like him.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Significant Other is the best CD I have ever had the pleasure of listening to.  An easy choice to give five stars to Limp Bizkit's sophomore effort. The boys put together a dynamite album and the only thing better is seeing  them live. &quot;9 teen 90 nine&quot;, &quot;Break Stuff&quot;,  &quot;trust?&quot; and &quot;Nobody like you&quot; are some of the better  songs on the album. This one is clearly the best album out of the 200 I  have. And all the F--kin' @$$holes that gave it one star wouldn't know good  music if it bit 'em in the @$$.
B004AOECUG|5.0|This is one of the finest movies made - I think you can probably glean that from all of the enthusiastic reviews on this page. All of what these others say in praise is true.<br /><br />What I want to get across is this: This is  also the most realistic boxing movie (non-documentary) ever made. I used to  fight as a light-heavyweight out of Phila., and watching this movie gives  me sympathetic muscle spasms, it's so real. I have to take deep breaths  during the fight scenes in order to get my pulse rate back down.<br /><br />Every  time I watch it, I forget for a moment that I am now an overweight,  middle-aged guy on the sofa, and the years fall away to when I was a strong  young man with good speed and good power in both hands.<br /><br />It's that real  and that true. This, compared to other boxing movies where I view the fight  scenes with mild derision. You want to know what a boxer sees and feels?  Watch this movie!
0345350499|1.0|I've read close to 20 renditions of the Arthur legend, dating from Geoffrey of Monmouth and the Mabinogion up to contemporary renditions. &quot;Mists of Avalon&quot; easily was among the worst.<br />The book bills  itself as a feminist rendition of the Arthur Cycle, centered around the  women. A nice idea; would that the book accomplished its goal  well.<br />Instead, what we have here is a rather uninspired epic of the  passing of the old religions amid the arrival of Xianity. Bradley takes  shots at Xianity and at men, which would be fine, except it's too lopsided.  Reading this book, you would think that all Xians are oppressive,  women-hating powermongers (true of some I know, but not all); and that all  goddess-worshippers are in touch with themselves, nature, and are the salt  of the earth.<br />Bradley spends too much time in the shadows and not enough  in court intrigue, where women can -- and did -- play a major part in  history.<br />For a much better feminist view of Arthur, read &quot;In  Winter's Shadow&quot; by Gillian Bradshaw.
6300181251|2.0|So much has been said about this supposed masterpiece that it boggles my mind how many people think its the quintessential horror film.The infamous shower scene that terrified millions and made them avoid taking showers for  days at a time,is laughable.I saw this movie when i was around 12yo,and  when the shower scene came i was just hoping i would catch a shot of some  areas on the female body youngsters arent supposed to see.But instead we  get a painfully obvious man wearing a wig,at no time did i think the killer  was anyone else but n.bates.This film never terrified me,possibly because  by the time i viewed this movie i already saw amityville  horror,exorcist,the brood,friday the 13th,halloween,black christmas,dawn of  the dead,night of the living dead etc..You get the point,at the time this  movie probably was chilling,but when your exposed to so many horror films  at such a young age it becomes more difficult to get spooked.Also,what  annoys me about hitchcock,and is probably why  i was never a fan of his,is  his attention to detail,his perfectionism exudes off the screen,and the  characters become confined within the script instead of their performances  flowing naturally and transcending the script.Hitch was very overrated and  much to much praise is given to him,and its time people move on,he was an  average director with a few tricks up his sleeve that people mistook for  genius.
B000006E17|5.0|When walking out of the cinema after seeing this picture, I was first of all shocked... I consider myself very broadminded, but this picture nearly tipped my scale. The reason why I say nearly, is that after a walking round  in Copenhagen for a while with the film in mind I suddenly realised that  what really happened in the cinema was a showing of what people - i.e. all  of us - are capable of when dehumanising human beings.<br />This film really  showas what happens when you get convinced that there is a level of people  underneath yourself, and that these particular beings are of a lower value  than others and yourself. Then you are well on your way to becoming exactly  as the sadistic men in this movie. Because what they really did was  de-humanising people they thought were under themselves. They transformed  humans into objects, life to meat.<br />Therefore the film is not a farce and  it is not just 'the worst/most disguting film ever made' because this is  one of the only film really capable of showing the value of humanism, the  value of human beings. And it does this by showing us what men are capable  of when they forget that we are all equal...
B000002NIW|5.0|While most bands today seem to believe that power and emotion are found in their volume knobs, the Deftones know that the real power is in the music.  Okay, so maybe the singing doesn't recall images of the apocolypse, but  that's the whole point.  Can't wait for the next one
B0000033P2|5.0|This album is their unrepentant greatest. No way that Brain Salad Surgery took them any higher--it was just a rehash of this incredible record.
B000001DTM|5.0|When I was around 10 i found this cd in my house and i listened to it a lot. I am 13 now and I still listen to it almost every day, every single song on this cd is my favorite song in its own way ya know. this cd is  great and if you buy it you'll never run out of fun!!!!
0553269631|5.0|This is a beautiful, sad, quiet, slow, and thought provoking novel. <br />If you think you can take it, you will be rewarded.
6304698526|4.0|Better than average. By today's standards the chase scenes are tame, but we should remember they established a higher standard for their day. McQueen plays his part with reticence, perfect for a cynical cop walking  the edge of burnout. The commentary is not feature-length, but it is  interesting.
014028009X|2.0|Helen Fielding should be congatulated for contriving a highly marketable concept for a book.  Moreover, there are, in fact, some individually funny gags and giggles contained in *Bridget Jones' Diary*.   Overall, however,  reading the book is very much like consuming cotton candy--it seems  superficially appealing, but ultimately it's trivial and unsatisfying.<br />I  would give Fielding some credit for creating the amusingly neurotic diarist  Bridget were she not quite so blatantly just a British version of Cathy  Guisewite's &quot;Cathy&quot; comic strip character.  And the cutesy  incorporation of bits and pieces of *Pride and Prejudice* is handled so  heavy-handedly that it ultimately seems more annoying than clever. <br />Also,  I would be more kindly disposed toward the novel had the ending not been so  amateurish, contrived, and just plain dumb.  By the time I closed this book  for the last time, I confess I was berating myself for having wasted the  time and money on Bridget and her trivial little life.
6305546797|5.0|This DVD is great absolutiley great! The 1st disc is great and the 2nd is even better. The new  television version (2nd Disc) is finnaly after all these years brought to home entertainment. Personnaly the Television  Version (2nd Disc) is better than the the Theatrical Version (1st Disc)  this great Limited Edition DVD of 21,000 is must have for any HALLOWEEN FAN  !!!
0440539811|5.0|A novel that may one day be viewed as a classic of the historical era immediately prior to the Personal Computer/Internet revolution, Illuminatus is part Detective novel, part political thriller, part conspiracy  literature, part metaphysical treatise, part science fiction epic, part  psychological popularization, part social commentary, part 60's nostalgia  and part social history with a bit of anthropology, fringe science and  physics for some variety.  It is all very entertaining if at times a little  demanding.  The plot deals with characters confronted by what may be the  final world-ending plot of what may be the Illuminatus who may be the  secret powers behind what may be history and culminates in a multi-day rock  festival which must be saved from-- resurrected Nazi soldiers with tanks?!  Oh and along the way the reader hears a dolphin recite poetry as characters  cruise along in a Yellow Submarine.  Funny, witty and often insightful this  is one you'll read more than once.
0060254920|5.0|My mother picked this book up when it was first published in1963.  Max was my first hero. The library branch she borrowed it fromwouldn't see Max and his wild thing friends again for almost a year. Every night, my mother read it to me until i could recite it along with her. I learned to read from this amazing book. It has been 36 years since i first cracked open the new spine of this wonderful book.  As a journalist I have had to read thousands of books to keep up with events, changing historys and the latest in new fiction, and of all those books, this still remains the finest, most thoughtful book i have ever read. It lives at #1 on my top ten list, where by the way it has made a very cozy home because it's chances of being moved are non-existant. It is the first book i buy my family and friends new children, it always has a home beneath my christmas tree, on my book shelf and most of all in my heart.
B00000F1D3|1.0|This cd was a great dissapointment to me.  I thought I would be getting Cher's usual blasting talent, but in this cd it was one song after another that sounded exactly like the other.  The only good song is the first one,  Believe and after that I gave up.  I adivse you to not get this cd.  It  will be a waste of your money.
0380973464|5.0|This is the first book in along time that I hated to see end.  I've always enjoyed reading about the hacker side of WWII and this book filled the bill with its fictional weaving in of real-life characters.  It also helps me  appreciate some of those theoretical CS and math classes a little more.
0060920084|5.0|I think a fact that some of the US readers might have overlooked is that first and foremost Bill Bryson is a writer, an extremely funny one at that.  About twenty years ago I travelled by car from the West Coast across  continental USA all the way to the Eastern seaboard. Over the three months  it took, I saw a dazzling array of sceneries, cultures and accents, all of  which undoubtedly make the US a wonderfully fascinating place to visit.    Mr Bryson may offend the sensibilities of some Americans but his portrait  of small town America is savagely hilarious and often hits the target with  spendid accuracy.
0425163407|5.0|This was originally the first Scarpetta novel I read, actually heard as I listened to the unabridged tape version.  I enjoyed it, I did not find the ending disappointing or a let down, although there were loose ends.  It  enticed me enough to read more of her books.  I started with the first and  read through, reading UE again.  The whole thing was more enjoyable the  second time when I had all the background and the loose ends did not bother  me so much because I hope/assume they will be addressed in time.  Scarpetta  is getting a little &quot;mean&quot; but I think its good insight into  human character and how what we do influences who we are. I recommend  Cornwells books if you enjoy the process of a series with its long term  character development.
6303430570|5.0|I think only clerks will truly appreciate this movie.  We can relate to it.  For the rest of you, it's just a laugh riot and an interesting way to see things on our side of the counter.  Nevermind the language, it's just  plain funny.
B000000ISM|5.0|I HAVE LISTENED TO THIS ALBUM ALMOST EVERYDAY FOR 10 YEARS I WILL PROBABLY BE LISTENING TO THIS ALBUM UP UNTIL THE DAY I DIE P.S. IF YOU CAN GET THE GOLD CD.
0780626478|4.0|Christopher Walken and Sissy's character's were unique and hilarious!  I also got a kick out of Archbishop's part...he did a great job portraying the &quot;fried-out-brain-loser&quot; finding religion.
B00000JCB2|1.0|limp bizkit are a bunch of redneck, lowlife punks. i heard that Sebastian Bach beat up fred durst after a concert. a real metal lover would get Poison's Greatest Hits or vanman rocks. this cd is really trashy. &quot;i  did it all for the nookie&quot; try, I did it all for the UNSKINNY BOP!!!
B00000JPHF|5.0|Nowhere close to Shelley's novel but it makes no difference!  Eerie, eccentric and atmospheric, this classic offers nothing but top drawer!  Whale's vision is impeccable; sets are moody and gripping, but it is  Karloff who mesmerizes with a performance that is a work of art in a role  that allows no dialogue but punishing make-up and costuming.  Even the  distinguished DeNiro didn't come close to the pathos, confusion, sadness  and panic of Boris Karloff's elegant and ageless performance.  It gets  better and better with each viewing.
6303022901|5.0|You definately don't have to be oriental to enjoy this movie!  It is very well filmed and showcases different families and the life desicions they have all chosen.  It examines the chinese culture and some of the  traditions they have and the psychological affects it has on the women in  this film.  It has remarkable scenery and wonderful acting.
B000002UAR|5.0|This is truly some classic material here. Not just for The Beatles but for all of Rock and Roll. From its opening track &quot;Taxman&quot; which tells you this is not going to be like any preceeding Beatle album to Grand  Finale, &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; which confirms that fact, this  album really comes together well. I also particularly like &quot;I'm Only  Sleeping&quot; (I bought the CD because it was on it) and &quot;I Want To  Tell You&quot; (I can hear echoes of it in the music of today). This is a  rare occasion where an album contains only classic material. Buy it and  believe you'll love yourself for it.
0790739917|5.0|How can nobody like &quot;City Of Angels?&quot; I have never seen a movie so touching, so beautifully done, well scripted and acted as the aformentioned film.  It's a tragedy to the human race that people might  hate this film.  Nicolas Cage and Meg Ryan did superb performances, getting  right into the characters themselves.  The whole idea of angels in  trenchcoats, always among us... it's heartlifting as well as mildly freaky.   I have never cried so hard in my life after watching this film.  A romance  that is sure to make your heart pitter patter in delight, and pound with  unshed tears, City of Angels is well worth the money.
6303578012|4.0|The best scene was of the mermaids ! The girls were great ! I would like to see more of them ! I sure it is hard to work under water.  They did great !
B000009ED0|5.0|This cd is the bomb and if you don't have it go get it today.  Kid Rock is a great lyrisist and he rules.  The cd is great.  My favorite song is Black Chick, White guy.
6305358613|5.0|I thought that this film was magnificently done and Cate Blanchett played the part to perfection. I definitely think that she deserved to win the Oscar for this role. Although some of the film doesn't exactly stick to  historical events as they occurred (read the book by Alison Weir for a more  accurate representation), it was a film well worth watching. It displayed a  lot of the opulance I would expect of that time period and the willfullness  of character that Elizabeth I was renowned for definitely came across in  this film. The supporting cast were excellent as well and I thoroughly  would recommend this movie.
0393312836|4.0|The evident uniqueness of the book, of course, is Burgess' invention of a youthful futurespeak for his Humble Narrator.  Never again will I viddy the ptitsas nor tolchoch a droog in the same light.  Within the lines, violence  and debauchery; between the lines, philosophical inquiries into the Good  and freedom by way of timelessly relevant social satire.  This is an  excellent novella.  Excuse me, but now I must attend to a bit of the old  ultraviolence and in out in out, O my brothers.
630027179X|5.0|This film is one of the best movies about the life of King Arthur, I really enjoyed the character of Merlin. Every-one should atleast check this film out atleast once.
630471288X|5.0|What can I say that hasn't been said by so many others? This film had such an impact on me that I can often distinguish people by whether or not they have seen this film.. People who have seen it.. they know what I'm talking  about. People who haven't might read all these glowing reviews and say  &quot;it can't be that good, it's only a movie.. what about all the other  thousands of movies made?&quot;. I cannot speak for movies I have not seen,  but what I can say is that this is far and away the most important film I  have ever seen. Rare indeed is the film that can actually make you take a  look at your own life; rarer still the one that can effect change. I have  never seen any story, in ANY medium, that comes close to  exploring the  depths of love, hope and friendship as this film does.
B00000F1D3|5.0|&quot;Believe&quot; is one of my all time favorite CD's on the market! After thorough listening to all the tracks, I've come to the conclusion that there's not a bad song on this recording! There's not many albums that  are worth putting in the cd player and leaving in there for the duration,  BUT &quot;Believe&quot; is certainly worth listening to the whole way  through. Cher's powerful vocals mixed with great beats and powerful sounds,  Cher again defines herself in a class all her own - THE BEST!
0385482582|3.0|This was a good book.  A little to technical and difficult to read
B000000WFU|1.0|monotonous, repetitive, uninterestin
B00000JMOF|4.0|Surprisingly enough, I had never seen this movie to its entirety.  I remember one time watching it on network tv and it was ugly and the sound was blotchy.  So imagine my suprise when I found the DVD clear and  beautiful.  I was very pleased with the DVD!  They did a good job at  cleaning up the video and audio.  I especially loved the &quot;Special  Features&quot; that are the hallmark of DVDs.  I would suggest this DVD to  any audiophile!
6305229449|5.0|This movie was very good. It had a good message, a change in the romance formula (finnally) and I loved the sequenses, like when Mulan decides to take her father's place and it shows her going to the family altar  (slightly slo-mo) and lighting incense, then cutting her hair. I just like  the way that scene was animated with the music they put with it. I loved  the song reflection and the sequenses in &quot;be a man&quot; starting with  when Mulan figures out how to climb the pole. The sequence when the whole  city bowed to her in kind of a &quot;wave thing&quot; was awesome too. I  think Mushu was pretty good, but could have been cleaner mouthed, ok, he  wasn't dirty mouthed, the movie just needed the whole scene about the bath  deleted. COME ON PEOPLE, THESE FILMS ARE SUPPOSED TO BE FOR CHILDREN, HOW  MUCH SEXUALITY  ARE YOU GOING TO TRY AND SLIP IN THERE??? If that whole  scene was deleted as well as the comment Mushu made about being able to see  through her armor, THEN there wouldn't have been too much sexual overtones  to make this a children's movie . After claiming to see through her armor,  e more than deserved to be slapped. That comment needed to be slapped off  the script too... Also, I don't think the stupid cricket did anything for  the movie, accept MAYBE when he caused part of the trouble at the  matchmakers. But overall a wonderfull movie.  I still give it 5 stars. A  beautifull picture.
0767817478|1.0|I couldn't believe how poorly written this script was, and the monster's babies were just like the Raptors from Jurassic Park.  A spectacular failure!
0805017305|5.0|Dee Brown's beautifully written work is so tragic and moving that it's impossible to put down until you've reached the very end, and even then you want to keep on reading. Brown allows the stories to stand for themselves,  making them all the more powerful. This is a must for any high school  history course.
B0000028W9|5.0|If you have both a heart and a mind, then you need to hear this album.  Cohen's voice has mellowed, but he has definitely not lost his edge.  Beautiful arrangements and intelligent, thought-provoking lyrics.   \\"Light as a Breeze\\" may be the most erotic lyrics ever recorded.   Buy it.  Now.
B00000HYSN|5.0|If you buy one album this year and you fancy yourself a music afficionado, make sure it's this one. I have found this album to be gentle beyond Leonard Cohen's finest hour. The lyricism is total intelligence wrapped in  11th hour moods. Carefully produced the final mix levels and production are  the finest of Will Oldham's career. There is a hint of Shawn Phillips  melody and meticulousness here. This is a rare find, it will become a  landmark album in the post this and post that era.  I can only bestow  sincere adulation upon this  artist,  and inform him that I am looking  forward to the next album.
6301963717|5.0|I liked this movie so much that I watched it twice in one sitting. Each time you watch it you will catch another funny line or more detail that makes the movie that much more entertaining. The characters are superbly  cast.. the plot is intriguing and the cinematography is second to none....
6304702329|5.0|Remember I saw Before Sunrise was on Taiwan's HBO. I can't believe what a good movie that I didn't know before. So when I bought the viedo from Amazon this Feb, I already reviewed it more hundred times untill now. Yes.  I really love this movie, even effect my all friends also love this movie.  If you read my message here. Please don't miss this movie.
B000000P11|4.0|I beg to differ with most other reviewers as I don't think this is the Chameleon's best album (their first two are better) but this one does contain their best tune, &quot;Time&quot;, a fabulous rocker. Also, don't  put too much into the lyrics; this one didn't &quot;change my life&quot; or  do something dramatic to me.  The music is what I care about and although  &quot;Strange Times&quot; isn't quite as melodic as earlier efforts it is  very listenable nontheless.
B000002C1X|5.0|The Wall is definitely one of the 10 best albums of all time. It should be required listenng for anyone who wants to understand the art of fusing story and music in a coherent whole yet still fit in a pop/rock format.   Roger Waters bizarre pseudo-autobiography teems with little hooks to catch  your ear, then fills your ears with anguish, torment, and enough vitrol to  make you wonder how he ever survived adolescence.  Yet this same work  transports you outside of yourself.  The sonic landscape created blends in,  then slowly overwhelms you until the Wall comes crumbling down around you,  leaving you to wonder just the the heck you were listening to. And then you  listen to it all over again...
0792837614|5.0|If you never saw West Side Story, the most brilliant musical in the history of cinema, it is a true epic indeed.  Although the storyline is the same to Romeo and Juliet, the film is acted in street style and the film  teaches us about prejudice and hate.  The characters are memorable and the  music is sensationally stunning, especially &quot;Tonight&quot;.  You must  see this.
B00000IQMT|5.0|The Star Wars scores hold up to repeated listenings more than the movies themselves because they hold more that one might first expect. This one is no exception. It's very different in tone color from the previous three--it  aims for greater emotional depth and sophistication. For example,  &quot;Droid Invasion&quot; starts off as a simple action cue but eventually  uncovers a rousingly rhythmic march which suggests the European Theater  from World War 2, and Williams even offers us a musically satisfying  key-change of that theme. Only a film veteran of 40 years would have chosen  such a path. There are Irish-inflected melodies for the music of Qui-Gon  (suggesting noble Grail Knights) and of course Williams is saluting Miklos  Rosza's Ben-Hur in &quot;The Flag Parade.&quot;   I'm not particular fond  of &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot; as a piece of music--too repititive and  relentless for my taste (liner notes and a translation of the Sanskrit text  would have been appreciated). However, Williams weds the emotionally  powerful Force theme with the new Anakin theme for some tender moments. All  in all, Episode One is the most mature Star Wars score of the lot.
B000002C4C|5.0|I have every single one of Mariah's albums, and even some songs that were never released, and I must say that &quot;Butterfly&quot;  is they best album of hers' by far!  If you're a true Mariah fan you'll definatley  appreciate this album.  It's so deep!  Everything she sings about is so  real.  You can tell she's singing from her heart.  Yea, it may not have her  singing those high notes like she usually does, but her voice is still  mesmerizing.
B00000K19E|5.0|One of the best Science Fiction movies I have ever seen. A strong plot along with an outstanding cast  and dazzling special effects. You will have a good time watching this movie guaranteed!
B0000029GA|5.0|I have over 100 rap/hip-hop CDs, and this one is a level above all the rest.  This CD is head and shoulders above &quot;I Am&quot; and &quot;It Was Written&quot;. Nas is the Allen Iverson of rap...creative, naturally  gifted, and unwilling to conform to the MTV image.  This album shines  because of its lack of commercial &quot;fluffiness.&quot;  It sounds a lot  like &quot;No Way Out&quot; by Puffy, but without the pointless party  tracks.  The bottom line is that any true rap fan should own this album.   I'm out.
B00000099Y|5.0|Like most great albums, this one took a while to grow on me (and like most heavy albums, it took some dark days for me to listen to it over and over.)  The added sound effects and mixing on this album put it far above the  other two.  And like the other two, the grinding guitar/bass combination  along with syncopated rhythums and wild time signatures are great  compliments to Manyards beautiful voice.  Speaking of bass, three cheers  for the new bassist!  He does an incredible job!  This is most definitely  my favorite album of all time...
0060926317|1.0|I do not know a single Australian, black or white, who does not immediately recognise this book as a hoax. I doubt the author has ever been in the Australian outback. She is cashing on the fact most people know  noting about Australia and on the vast appetite for New Age slop and  drivel.
1567184855|5.0|I'm so glad I read this book.  I can't wait for his next one.  No other book I've ever read was so informative and important to me. I've always believed there was incarnation.  I've believed that spirits are around you,  as your &quot;guardian angel&quot;.  Now it's in black and white. Wish Mr.  Newton could take me back, so I can see where I came from!
0140386335|5.0|I love this book! It is witty and funny, yet it can be serious. Unhappiness drives our main hero to utter desperation, and at times your head can not bear to read another word. It is joyful and filled with  passion. Read this or else...
6302752337|3.0|This film should be purchased to play in the background at parties.  It is a strange fantasy film with some good music.  Terrible acting and as far from reality as you could get. But for some reason I like the film.
B000005HCQ|5.0|This gets my vote as the best Art Blakey album ever, in his long career.  Something just clicked that day in the recording studio, one of those rare times when every moment sounds inspired.  It's a lot of fun to listen to,  too.  Jazz at its highest level.
0140188711|5.0|This magnificent opus of Albert Cohen is much more than The story of love. It is the story of the dream of love (not only personal, but also in its abstract form) and its impossible realization. It offers an original view  of both male and female human nature in matters of love and life. It also  contains some of the funniest chapters describing bourgeois society (Swiss,  French, Belgian, German, Jewish - you name it) and its values and  prejudices, and diplomatic life. Some may find it exaggerated and  longwinded, but others will enjoy every single word, and re-read this book  every so often. If you can't read it in the original French, don't miss  this opportunity and read the English translation.
B00000IMTF|4.0|Buy this one , if only for Blackmore's long,burning guitar solo on &quot; Stargazer &quot;. It's a masterpiece of its own.
B00000DFSK|5.0|&quot;Best of 1980-1990&quot; shows just how unbelievable U2 is, while they've completely reinented themselves in the 90's, there 80's hits are just as powerful. I think everyone should own every U2 album as well as  this one. If you're not sure about U2, buy this album, it will decide for  you.
B00000018N|5.0|I havent heard the gold issue, Im just reviewing the album. I know its the most famous JT release, but it truly deserves to be. This piece shows Ian at his most introspective, yet rocks incredibly too. Created when Ian was  24, its less a band record and more an Ian solo album although the band  delivers a lot and Martin's guitar work is pure diamond. The lyrics to the  title trck were written by Ian's first wife. The themes to this are  religion and love, and ecomomic desperation. It reaches deep down and hits  you in the heart. Made before the days of vocal enhancement, Ian's voice is  at it roughest and also at its smoothest. Lets see Marilyn Manson sound  rough without distortion laden over his voice. He would sound like a choir  boy. You will never forget this recording and will feel thankful there was  such creativity and talent.
6305558167|5.0|Sure the costumes may not have been completely authentic and the story wanders a bit but this is THE ONE to watch. All the classic story lines entertwined with a  theme make this  movie great. From Merlin to Mordred all your favorite characters come to  life in a well written and superbly acted epic of more than lifesize  proportions.  The tale holds true to the Arthurian legend we have all come  to know and love...Enjoy!
630471288X|5.0|I don't have the DVD yet (not available at this time) but when i saw it in the theater, i have to go back the next day and bring all my friends.  There is no &quot;big&quot; action or hot sex sceens, like other typical  hollywood movies.  It's all about the story!  Usually I don't watch drama  unless it has an actor/actress that I like starring in it, like Al Pacino  or Robert Denero, but I saw the movie when it was a bargin flic.  I wasn't  dissapointed at all!  A great classic and should be on the shelfs on every  english speaking house in the world. BUY IT ALREADY!
0671578278|5.0|In my opinion the series peaked with Mirror Dance, and althoughthe last  three books were enjoyable none of them really comparedwith it.  Mainly, I thought, because of too little action and a bit too much romance.  Therefore I wasn't expecting much more from A Civil Campaign after reading the subtitle (A Comedy of Biology and Manners). It is an understatement to say that my expectations were exceeded.<br />This was one of the best romantic comedies that I have ever read.  Chapter 9 (the dinner party) took me over a half hour to read as I was interrupted every minute by another bout of uncontrolled laughter! This is a brilliantly written book.  I only have two cautions. The first is that if you got into the series because of the action and adventure, and have found the recent books annoyingly gun free, well, this is probably the worst of the lot.  My other caution is that the book throws a number of characters from earlier books (esp. Memory) at you, so you might want to do some rereading while waiting for A Civil Campaign to arrive.  I highly recommend this book to fans of the series!
B000002UA0|5.0|This is not the Pink Floyd most of us came to know.  I'm sure about 98% of us started with &quot;Dark Side&quot; or &quot;The Wall&quot; and then took a closer look at the rest of the Floyd catalog, only to find this curious  looking album with Austin Powers fashion statements and not a David Gilmour  in sight.  THIS was definitely NOT the real Pink Floyd, we said, just an  early incarnation before the band &quot;discovered&quot; their  &quot;sound&quot; and hit the big time. As time goes on, however,  &quot;Piper&quot; has steadily gained a reputation as a major  accomplishment.  This is largely due to the contribution of Syd Barrett,  and rightfully so: he wrote 8 of the 11 tunes whose whimsical, dreamilke  imagery and crazed time shifts dominate this record.  All four members  create a heavy psychedelic barrage of sounds and considering the limits of  1960s studio technology, they pull off some amazing exploratory effects.   Brilliantly, in all this madness Barrett doesn't lose his genuine sense of  melody, and a after a few plays you start to recognize a more deliberate  construction of the early Floyd sound.  Of course &quot;Interstellar  Overdrive&quot;, &quot;Astronomy Domine&quot;, and &quot;Pow R. Toc  h.&quot;  ARE chaotic and mad, but the majority of this brilliant record is  actually more like light psychedelic pop in the &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;  vein.  If you enjoy 60s psychedelic music, I don't see how you would be  disappointed in &quot;Piper&quot;.
6303443192|1.0|How I couldn't wait for this movie!  How I couldn't wait for it to end once I saw it!<br />Tom Cruise makes a BAD blonde and is no Lestat.  Brad Pitt is so lifeless you belive he really is the undead!  Kirsten Dunst: Go  Kirsten!  The only good one in the film.<br />Did you ever realize that  Antonio Banderas could look like Eddie Munster?<br />HELP!
6305078181|5.0|I have loved this movie for years. Frank Langela plays Dracula beautifuly and is surrounded by a terrific ensemble cast. As a pice of entertainment it stands head and shoulders above the Coppola version, with an engaging  John Williams soundtrack and absorbing cinematography. I loved the look of  the movie, but it looses something on DVD. My copy played in virtual B/W  until the last chapter when the color came back. I thought something was  wrong with the copy and had it graciously replaced by Amazon. The second  copy did the same. I contacted the producers who declare that the diluted  color was deliberate. Director John Badham is said to have wanted to make  the movie in B/W in the first place ('79) but was not allowed to. However,  for the DVD release he had the color washed out to present a film that is  not quite B/W, but is is in no way a color movie (until the end).  Regardless of the sharp DVD qualities, stick to the VHS for this great  movie.
6301986024|5.0|Fun, Colorful, glamorous, cool ... a little dated yes.... but if those fashion/action/montages so popular in 60's and 70's films are out ... why did they invent MTV!  This move is cool, period.  Characters are chilly and  calculating, but fun.  Who wouldn't like to be that cunning.  McQueen is  the epitome of minimal, Dunaway (as always) is both gorgeous and amazing.  One of the last real screen divas ... she can go from the most subtle of  subtle to soooo over the top!  A  must have for film buffs.
630512065X|5.0|Mwah! Veerle Castelyn (Jemima) and Geoffrey Garrat (Skimbleshanks) were dubbed! However, the musical still maintains its beautiful shine, despite ALW's sudden urge to dub everybody. Views from all angles make you feel as  if you're on the stage at the Ball, and it is a must-see! BUY IT!!! Oh, and  by the way, DREW VARLEY AND JO GIBB WERE NOT DUBBED!!!!!! *heehee* Enjoy!
6301640659|3.0|This movie is not bad.  If you are offended by Will &amp; Grace, or semi-grisly thrillers than it just isn't for you.<br />It IS a pretty good thriller. As far as the gay controversy goes ... admit it guys... been  there done that!  Remember the Mineshaft and the Piers...or are you trying  to forget!  No, the whole gay community is not like that, but a enough was.   Did you see picketers at Summer of Sam over Plato's Retreat?<br />Anyway ...  not a bad thriller.<br />By the way .. sleaziest bits (not for the homophobic  or queezy) Do an occassional freeze frame during the controverisial scenes  ... Friedkin edited in REAL hard-core gay porn ... how the censors missed  this one!
0140277447|4.0|While this is an important and largely ignored story, Iris Chang occasionally lapses into melodrama telling it. There were passages where I could almost hear soundtrack cues. However, it is worth some of the flawed writing to read about a buried chapter of 20th century history, and learn some of the background of the current enmity in the Far East.
B000003S5H|5.0|I guess instead of giving the obligatory kudos I'll make a social commentary.  Why is it that popular mass media (press/radio/tv/ etc.) doesn't notice and recognize good new music that stretches the boundaries a  little?  It's not like this is not commercially accessible.  It would be so  cool if radio stations and mags like Rolling Stone or whatever would  promote good new music and musicians...but alas, we're stuck with Ricky  Martin, Britney Spears, Backseat Boys and Korn...oh well, I guess I'll  continue livin' la vida loca.
0688002307|5.0|i used to wonder how anyone could fail to appreciate this book and the issues it covers.  then i realized that the answer is right there in the work itself.  Pirsig takes you beyond the world you're comfortable in,  whether that be classical or romantic in nature.  <br />i cannot really  describe how powerful the message of Zen is; read it for yourself.  but  it's definitely one of the greatest books i've ever read, along with the  Tao Te Ching and Thus Spoke Zarathustra.<br />read it, it's amazing.
B000002KM6|5.0|Guitar wise, this album equals, and in some ways surpasses Van Halen's best, VH1.  While the songs are not as consistent front to back as VH1, you can't throw out the baby with the bath water... In my opinion, basically  the whole first side is excellent song wise and guitarwise.  The second  side only slips on Sunday Afternoon and One foot out the Door. Eddie's  guitar playing is at it's azimuth, he's still got the fire and brown sound  but he also has a sophistication and melodic style to his playing that was  somewhat lacking on VH1. This is about the time Eddie and Dave started  getting on each other's nerves, but it also created a tension that resulted  in great music.
6303972810|5.0|This is a terrific movie, and along with a terrific soundtrack, it has a wonderful and inspirational story.  Lucasfilm should definitely look into re-releasing this excellent film.
B0000025ZF|5.0|I CAN'T HELP BUT LAUGH AT THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS OF THIS CD.  IF YOU DON'T GET ROGER WATERS YOU WILL NEVER GET PRO'S AND CON'S SO DON'T EVEN BOTHER.  IF YOUR BLOOD DOESNT START FLOWING LISTENING TO SEXUAL REVOLUTION YOU  SURELY MUST BE DEAD.
B000001IQH|5.0|I AM NOT KIDDING EVERY DAY FOR THE PAST FEW YEARS.  I guarantee even if you don't like punk you will love this album.  The song timebomb alone will have you hooked until you have bought every rancid cd.  This and all of  rancid's cds are highly recomended, but start here!!
0671867369|5.0|I loved reading this book from cover to cover.  I was never disappointed.  This was the first Ambrose I have read, and I like the way he tells the history of the time from the perspective of the men who were actually  fighting.  I have always been more intersted in the human stories of  wartime than the strategy and planning that goes into the great campaigns.   I was sorry that the book had to end, even though it meant the war was over  and our brave men were victorious.  I felt as though I could feel the  brotherhood that had bonded the men together.  I wish that the story of  every unit could be told for us all to appreciate what these men went  through, some of them for 4 years.  Keep up the great work Mr. Ambrose!
0792835980|1.0|Screwball comedy is supposed to be funny, right? Although the basic story is sound the dialogue is as unimaginative as it can be; apparently three hollywood stars and a famous director draw the attention to this picture,  and made it earn the honors of the 100 best films of the AFI list.  I  really do not understand its merits.  To confer this film the same honors  as Casablanca, Citizen Kane, Double Indemnity and other Hollywood golden  age classics is a terrible mistake.  Even Citizen Kane had moments of  comedy wittier than any scene in Philadelphia Story.  I guess this is a  typical example of what the critics refer by the remark that in the old  times, frequently, it was enough to gather big stars and a famous director  to have a commercially successful film.  Besides, Katherine Hepburn is not  funny at all, when she tries to be funny it does not come through as  natural and one gets the impression that she is just trying to be cute.  Cary Grant was much better in later films, as in to Catch a Thieve, and  Charade.  Jimmy Steward was the only one that stands out.<br />While I laughed  so much watching movies that are not per se comedies, such as Casablanca,  Double Indemnity, and Citizen Kane, I had to make an effort to stay awake  during Philadelphia Story (supposedly a comedy which turned out literaly a  screwball). I also wondered if the music composer was on strike at the time  of filming, because there was virtually none.  For a delicious comedy with  a witty script I recommend Ninotchka, with Garbo and she is very  funny!!!!<br />All the reviews by viewers seems to have a contrary view, and I  thought that I was the only one not getting it.  But, I went to the movie  database here at amazon and found several among the few reviewrs that  agreed with me despite that it took them so much writing in order to say by  the end that the movie was not funny at all.  Those reviews are found under  &quot;external reviews&quot; and newsgroup comments&quot;.<br />  I feel  relieved for not having wasted money in buying this film.I feel  relieved for not having wasted money in buying this film.
B00000J7J4|4.0|That's the reason I purchased this album, those two songs.  I disagree with the review of the album that only matthews and the other mess mesh. I think that these two tracks are probably carrying the entire album's sales.
B0000025H6|5.0|A Floyd classic, must have it for floyd fans or none floyd fans
B00000J7J4|4.0|I've been a rabid fan of Santana from the beginning and I feel this album, with the collaboration of artists like Dave Matthews is just another example of how ecelctic and timeless his music really is.  May Santana  continue to provide those wonderful sounds that span generations.
0393316041|5.0|After reading this book I wished that I would have half of Feynman's joy of learning and living. He was one in a zillion!
B00000J7J4|4.0|I disagree with the amazon.com reviewer's take on the guest performers. None of their efforts are gratuitous. The impression is of mutual appreciation between each of them and Santana. The efforts by Everlast and  Cee-lo are particularly good.
6304401736|3.0|The Hundred and One Dalmatians, the book, was excellent.  The animated movie Disney made out of it was very good.  The live action movie, however, fell short.  The storyline was, expectably, not as true.  The humor is  aimed more toward the lowest common denominator.  The cat characters have  been edited out.  :(
6305470448|5.0|Joseph Fiennes was robbed!  The Motion Picture Academy had him in the palms of their hands and they let him slip through.  At the very least, he should have received an Academy Award nomination for his role in  &quot;Shakespeare In Love&quot;.  Gwynneth (as Viola) played well off of  his character and he did the same with her.  Wonderfully paced humor,  romance, sadness and wit.  If you enjoy the thinking man's romance/comedy,  this one is for you!  Looking forward to viewing it again and again, and  picking out new things I missed from the times before!
1573226521|4.0|The overblown parallels to other works nearly spoiled this wonderful book for me.  There's no question that it's a page-turner.  But it's more than the flimsy piece of pop trash that the hype would lead you to believe.   Garland has certainly taken inspiration from past classics.  However, the  comparison shows his originality in breaking away from his models to tell a  story that is both uniquely relevant to our shrinking world and timeless in  showing how &quot;paradise&quot; would dull the senses to the point of  robbing its inhabitants of their humanity.<br />The book misses five stars in  my book because, although Garland is a more than competent writer, he is  not a great one  Although the three main characters are multi-dimensional,  the others are just cardboard cut-outs, which lessens the impact of the  story.
B00000K501|5.0|This tape is totally awesome. If you missed them live be sure to get this tape. Get it even if you have seen them live. It will bring back all those cool memories from the show you went to.
B000007NYS|5.0|The copy I have doesn't have the live tracks on it, so I can't speak to those, but the album as I've heard it again and again is a masterpiece. The songs are great, and the album as a whole has a great feel - you get the  sense that even though these are Lucinda's songs that each track is  performed by a band who enjoy the songs just as much. I think the version  of 'Passionate Kisses' here is superior to the Mary Chapin Carpenter  version - it just somehow feels more, well, friendly and warm.<br />'Changed  the Locks' is another standout track - but the whole album is wonderful. If  you're only going to buy one Lucinda Williams album, make this the one.   Then you _will_ be back to buy her others, too :)
6301902645|5.0|You know, for nearly thirty years now I've had this dirty little secret - that I truly love this film.  Trashed by pencil-necked critics at the time of its initial release or condemned with &quot;faint&quot; praise by others  who &quot;wanted more of a story line&quot; (!?!?), I don't think its ever  received its due.  If its a complicated tale of moral ambiguity you seek -  put on &quot;The Wild Bunch.&quot;  If you're a car person, though, and the  sounds and sights of Porsche 917s and Ferrari 512s howling down the Mulsane  Straight flat out in excess of 240 MPH doesn't move you - well, check your  pulse!!!  I typically throw this in the VCR at some point around mid-Winter  and stare out to my garage where my 911 sits all covered and hibernating.   And, if I close my eyes and listen to the soundtrack, well........
B000002MU3|5.0|On first listening I wasn't especially keen on this album, especially since I was a big fan of their stuff from the IRS years, but after a couple of years consistent time on our CD player I'd say it's up there with  'Reckoning' and 'Reconstruction' as one of their three best albums - and it  bears more repeat listening than _any_ of their other albums.  The songs  are more subtle than the more popular 'Automatic for the People' but that's  probably why they're more powerful.<br />'Let Me In' is the band's saddest  song since 'Wendell Gee', and is reason enough alone to buy this CD.  And  yes, 'Strange Currencies' _is_ a better song than 'Everybody Hurts',  lyrically and musically.  Like everything else on this album, there's more  going on than first impressions suggest.
1881273156|5.0|This book is without a doubt the best resource available on communication in relationships. I was given the book by a good friend soon after my divorce two years ago, and I'm a changed person having read it. 'The Five  Love Languages' is a must-have for couples whether or not you're  experiencing problems in your relationship. To all my friends out there,  you now know what you'll be getting from me for Christmas this year.
B000009QPO|4.0|Lovely harmonies - truly lovely.  The songs on this album are perhaps not as strong as on 'Tomorrow The Green Grass', but the album picks you up and carries you along on the strength of the sound anyway. The first track,  'Waiting for the Sun', is still one of my favourite Jayhawks tracks.
0767802659|3.0|The screen tests for the actors are really great. The added scenes are mostly love scenes but are interesting.
B000002L9M|3.0|This whole album does seem to fit with the &quot;Black&quot; or dark theme (with &quot;But Not Tonight&quot; being the light at the end of the tunnel so to speak), but the best Depeche Mode album (Violator of course) had more  songs that could stand up on their own.  I found myself getting bored with  this album somewhere during &quot;Here is the House&quot;.  In fact, the  only song I really care for after &quot;Question of Time&quot; is the  aforementioned &quot;But Not Tonight&quot;.  &quot;Question of Time&quot;  was easily my favorite after the first listen, but it quickly grew old and  I've come to like &quot;But Not Tonight&quot; and especially &quot;Question  of Lust&quot; (a song which proves that Martin Gore should sing lead vocal  in more DM songs), the best. <br />This was definitely the turning point for  Depeche Mode, but it was a turn that, barring Violator, didn't produce much  more than a few extremely dark but average albums.
0788805843|5.0|Some reviewers have foolishly taken this movie too seriously as if Disney were obliged to be 'realistic' and 'faithful to the material'.  Hee, hee.  Hey, they didn't coin the term 'Disney-fication' for nothing.  Disney has  their own agenda.  And bully for them; they create uniquely American  mythology.<br />And with Hercules, the myth takes the form of pop-culture and  silliness wrapped around a nice message: the nature of true heroism.  <br />I  have a kid and I can only watch Sleeping Beauty and the Aristocats just so  many times.  Hercules is an underrated relief from that.  The jokes hit  many levels so the whole family can truly enjoy it together.  (Maybe I  shouldn't admit this but I still think referring to Thebes as the 'Big  Olive' is funny.)  And the Muses alone make the movie worth it.<br />I never  regret having this video.  It's just fun.
006016848X|1.0|Gray's theory could be summarized as this, &quot;Men, when faced with a problem are obsessed with solving the problem. Women, when faced with a problem become frustrated and overwhelmed and need to talk about the  problem without having to deal with solutions. While this may be the case  in some, even too many, women, it is not the response of a healthy  intelligent woman.
B00000JJSK|4.0|I first heard a song from Unida a few months back on the local college station. I loved it so much I bought their split EP with Dozer and was not too impressed. The EP wasn't awful, but it just didn't rock all that much.  On this, their first full-length album, they seemed to have developed their  sound into something much harder &amp; heavier, plus the songs themselves  are much better. The songs - If Only Two (the one I heard on the radio),  Thorn, Nervous, Black Woman , hell, pretty much the whole album should  please any rock fan out there. This is a great, not perfect, but great  debut album.
6304798482|5.0|The thing with this movie that is different from other &quot;Alien&quot; ripoffs is that it kind of has an anticipation atmosphere.  Although you can predict who is gonna die and so on the anticipation of how he is gonna  die and how the other characters are doing keeps you scared.  The part when  Mira Sorvino's character says that the bugs mimic us gets a weird kind of  phobia inside you.  You tend to be extra careful at night because your  thinking that anyone that walks into your room might just be a monster.   That explosion at the end was awesome.  The guy who set it off survived  because the blast knocked him into the water.  The cop was very funny  especially in that seen where the $hit is hanging from the ceiling aand he  starts rambling.
B000002UB3|5.0|Every body talking about the &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;Here come the sun&quot; but to me the drum squence by Ringo at &quot;The end&quot; was the ultimate powerful piece any musician could dream of delivering. First  time I heard it when I was 18 (1975)and it still give me a goose bum now  when I listen to that uplifting, sweet abandons mixed with with both  sadness and anger. Don't you feel the same?
B00000J7J4|5.0|The Maestro has done it once again. This cd transcends all musical tastes, colors etc. I can only imagine this work being a reflection of &quot;the man&quot; as well as the muscian.
0425152251|1.0|This is an incredibly boring history of philosophy that won't even stick with you ten minutes after you read it.  The author puts this behind a weak novel.  Maybe if it was half novel and half philsophy, the book would have  more impact on readers, but ten to fifteen pages of the incredibly boring  history of philosophers and then two to three pages of novel is  unacceptable.  The only people who I would recommend this to are masochists  and sadistic English teachers (can we say Mrs. Quinn?)  Basically, this is  an uninteresting and stupid novel that was not meant to be read.
0671578278|5.0|The best thing about Bujold is that she gets to the bloody point. She follows the golden rule of good science fiction. if you remove all the science you still have good fiction. Miles Vorkosigan is the most  delightful literary character i've ever met. i hope he lasts  forever.<br />Chris Land
6300263673|5.0|As as child, I thought the movie was fun to watch, but could have taken it or left it. I hadn't seen it for years, well, I just saw it recently, and boy, it has to be the sexiest movie w/out nudity of all time! The sexy  dance moves, Patrick's swiveling hips! Wow!
0783235380|4.0|This was a really good, overlooked comedy that should have had more viewing considering the chemistry of the two leads, Affleck and Bullock, because they have a chemistry that is unique to the film, and it jumps off  of the screen.<br />Affleck is a jacket-cover writer who is on his way to his  wedding to Maura Tierney in Savannah, and everything that could go wrong,  comically does.<br />I especially liked the scene where Affleck and Bullock  are in a Geo Metro with a guy smoking a joint, I laughed the hardest then  because I own a car not very different from that, with the exception of the  joint:)<br />But the chemistry goes well with the ironic, if not comic events  that are shown in the film, and most of the film takes place in South  Carolina, and I am familiar with many of the locales.<br />All in all, it was  a good movie, a light-hearted film that is a good date movie, way to go  Dreamworks!
0671578278|5.0|This is the best Vorkosigan book yet from LMB. While _Mirror_Dance_ was excellent, it did not have the same emotional rollercoaster effect as ACC. I'm using the term advisedly -- think of your favorite rollercoaster, and  how it feels out of control while guiding you safely around curves, dips,  and loops.<br />In the course of Miles' &quot;best damn abject ever seen&quot;  apology, I was choking down laughter half a page before tears were pouring  from my eyes. Brava, Lois, Brava. :-)
B000003TAB|1.0|That &quot;song&quot; Beeswax is disguisting. It says that Kurt has got his...omph spayed! It has all sorts of other bad and offensive lyrics. Hairspray Queen is a perverted and irritating noise. Mexican Seafood is bad  too. Complete with lyrics that refer to a yeast infection and Kurt's health  problems (foot fungas,dandruff,diahrrea,etc.). So don't get this CD. It's  gross. And it's the one with the warning sticker and explicit lyrics, not  In Utero!
B000007SPU|5.0|This is an excellent recording!!  I have had a tape of Filigree and Shadow since 1980's and wore it out.  I just recently purchased the CD because the tape finally broke.  This music is for all the people who like their music  with melody and meaning.  Being a Goth music fan this is a must.  Would  also recommend Black tape for a Blue Girl.  Check out their new CD.
B000002KJM|5.0|Absolutely beautiful guitar sounds, Les Paul sqwank and genuine tube overdrive.  From the days when rock music had some 'dirt' around the edges.  One listen to this album and you will realize why collectors pay  outrageous prices for 1950's Les Pauls.  By the way the songs are fine too.   Reverend Billy G. in all his natural splendor.
0060925000|5.0|After reading this 1300+ page drama, I feel intimately connected with Lata, and Haresh, and Malati and Maan and all the wonderfully colorful characters brought to life in these pages. As if by magic, India became a  real place to me, and the customs and cultural voyages the author takes are  beautiful and very well written. Sometimes I could smell the paan, other  times I could feel the political hostilities in my veins. Vikram Seth's  occasional slippage into the homosexual realm can be easily forgiven, as he  doesn't paint the novel with it, merely taps the subject, jerking the  reader into an awareness of it's existence, and then leaving it. My life  became somewhat entwined with Seth's characters, I feel I know them now,  and I feel as though I always will. This novel is not a page turner,  stay-up-late kind of book. Rather, it is a friendly companion, able to take  you away at a moment's notice - but not too far away. Read it. You'll make  new friends.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I first heard this in a bookstore.  My goal was to go around and listen to all of the new music, but I kept pulling the headphones off so I could hear more of Moby Play.  I play it non-stop now and am sending it to all my  friends.
6303168507|5.0|Now I came across this in fourth grade in a video store in Michigan. If my mum had seen it, which she hadn't, she wouldn't have let me. And to this day I prevent her from watching it, just so I can. This was the best movie  I have seen. And living in a small town, there isn't much to do except see  movies. I have seen lots. Up there with Citizen Kane, this is truly one of  the best films Hollywood will ever come across. The film's Three Major  Actors (Liam Neeson, Ben Kingsley, and Ralph-be-still-my-heart-Fiennes) are  brilliant, and the '93 Oscars were screwed up not to give Neeson and  Fiennes their 9-inch naked gold guys. I cannot get any of friends to watch  it because one, the majority is in B&amp;W, two, it stars actors over  thirty-five, three, it has serious subject manner and doesn't star James  van der Beek. Oh well. In thirty years they're gonna yell at me for not  making them watch it.
B00000K2SC|2.0|1999 will undoubtedly go down in my book as &quot;The Year of Confounded Hollywood Hype&quot;, and &quot;The Matrix&quot; only reinforced my unwavering belief.  I didn't even bother to go see it until it was released  at the $2 cinema near me, and I must say it was a judicious decision on my  part.  I don't know which is the worser of two sci-fi evils: this endless  140 min.-long piece of shoot-em up VR drivel or &quot;Phantom Menace&quot;  with the horribly irksome JarJar Binks (I've boycotted Pizza Hut until they  take that idiotic alien off of their boxes).  Everything that is allegedly  great about &quot;The Matrix&quot; can be seen in just the 1-2 minute  trailer!  The only thing that spares this &quot;fabulous&quot; action tale  from one lousy star is the hyperactive fist-fight scenes between  Keanu/Laurence and that demonic Tommy Lee Jones MIB look-a-like agent.   If  I have to be looked upon as a disgruntled creton since I'm obviously in the  minority of popular opinion of &quot;The Matrix&quot;, then so be it!  At  least I'm a red-blooded American male who can think for himself and not  with my d--k, an apparent rarity in this stultified, violence-laden  society!  If you want to see a truly provocative VR pic, go see David  (&quot;Scanners&quot;) Cronenberg's &quot;eXistenZ&quot;. Hopefully it's  plot won't be too much for your pion-sized minds, but then again, you'll  probably just watch it for the gorgeous (AND BRILLIANT) Allegra Gellar  (Jennifer Jason Leigh)!
0800141660|5.0|First of all, this is one of my all time favorite films. The DVD version has so many wonderful additions. Emma Thompson's Golden Globe acceptance speech is priceless. It's also nice to listen to the commentaries (two  complete sets!) while watching the film with the speakers.  The  cinematography, costumes, art direction, original score, and most of all  the acting simply shine. Thompson gets more wonderful with every viewing.  Kate Winslet (who was robbed of the Oscar for this film by Mira Sorvino)  has so many layers and brings Marianne to glorious life. Hugh Grant, Alan  Rickman, Elizabeth Spriggs, Imogen Stubbs and so many other first rate  actors entertain the viewer to no end. The highest recommendation.
B000002KYR|5.0|I think a lot of ZZ Top fans look down on Eliminator because of the slick, synthesized albums that followed in its wake. This album has a lot more to offer than the good but played-to-death radio hits &quot;Gimme All Your  Lovin'&quot;, &quot;Got Me Under Pressure&quot;, &quot;Sharp Dressed  Man&quot; and &quot;Legs&quot;. There's the howling blues of &quot;I Need  You Tonight&quot;, the funky musical interplay on &quot;TV Dinners&quot;  and &quot;Thug&quot;, several barroom rockers, and the near punk-thrash of  &quot;Bad Girl&quot;. Eliminator is a great cd that stands the test 'o'  time.
6301986024|2.0|I am dumbfounded that so many people think the original is better than the Brosnan/Russo &quot;Affair.&quot;  There is little chemistry between McQueen and Dunaway. The chess scene is something only a guy would think is  erotic; Dunaway acts like a baby-doll and McQueen does nothing but glare.   <br />Dunaway is too young to take seriously as an equal adversary.  McQueen  seems to be just walking through the film.  The inconsistencies in his  character are annoying. He is a loner and a &quot;street fighter.&quot;  If  he is so bored with his life, why isn't he actually involved with the  caper?  All he does is organize it just like one of his business takeovers.   How is that so thrilling?  Why would such a loner play polo?  Certainly it  is a dangerous game, but it is a team sport--supposedly not appropriate for  Crown. When he proves he can do the caper again, why does he do it exactly  the same way?  Isn't that boring?  Shouldn't he figure out some new way to  steal the money?<br />The sound track sounds more like tv-show music.  It is  supposed to be modern jazz, but mostly it is just grating.  There is little  change in atmosphere provided by the music.<br />The ending is one of the few  appropriate parts given the setup of the story.<br />The Brosnan/Russo  &quot;Affair&quot; is more sophisticated. It is refreshing to see a man and  a woman the same age falling in love.  Russo's character has the  intelligence that comes with maturity to be an equal adversary to Brosnan's  smart and clever Crown.  Moreover, Brosnan's Crown is hands-on in both  capers.  It is the rush from doing the theft himself that is his  motivation.  He doesn't want to direct others to do it.<br />Regarding the  nudity--women have breasts. Get over it.  Russo's character lives in Europe  where society is less hung-up on women's breasts; women go to the beach  topless there.  If we can see men with their shirts off, why not women with  their shirts off?  <br />This movie is a piece of cinema history showing  different techniques tried in the late sixties.  But the movie does not  transcend time like caper movies of the 40's.  The 1999 Thomas Crown Affair  will seem fresh 30 years from now.
0679416781|1.0|After all the great reviews that this book received I had high expectations when I began reading it.  It wasn't long before I was greatly disappointed. <br />I soon discovered what a boring book it is.  I just  couldn't bring myself to finish it. <br />This is probably one of the few  stories that make better movies than books.
B000002IWQ|4.0|&quot;Counterparts&quot; provides a more hard-rocking sound than its pop-oriented predecessor &quot;Roll the Bones&quot;. Like all post-&quot;Hold your Fire&quot; albums, this one suffers a bit from songs  that sound too similiar. Neil strives hard for writing lyrics concerning  social issues as this is evident on all the band's '90 albums  (&quot;Heresy&quot; from &quot;Roll the Bones&quot;, &quot;Nobody's  Hero&quot; from &quot;Counterparts&quot; and &quot;Virtuality&quot; from  &quot;Test for Echo&quot;), but they are too artificial and forced.  Musically this is Rush's best performance for years and there are only two  or three songs which leave me cold. All in all, I think this is Rush's most  consistent, inspired and enjoyable album since their early '80s work.
B00000DGUM|3.0|Yet another compiliation that is a mix of bona fide hits and better left unheard filler. With only 3 albums and 1 EP, you would think they would get everything on one CD. +10 points for including Psycho Love, -10 points for  leaving off Wasted Years. At first I was pissed to see &quot;Breaking  Down&quot; was a remix but as best as I can tell it sounds like the  original. &quot;Breaking Down&quot; is my favorite Skid song so I am glad  they didn't screw it up. The live version of &quot;Beat Yourself  Blind&quot; is an unintentional commentary on the decline of metal as Bach  practically begs the &quot;wankers&quot; in the audience to make some  noise.  Use the skip button liberally and jam to the tracks that still rock  and ignore the others.
6301640659|5.0|This film is worth it just for the fact that there is hardly any film, except for the film OUTRAGEOUS!, that shows what gay NY looked like then, that is before they tore everything down, outlawed sex, and turned it into  DISNEYLAND-ugh!
0780626966|5.0|I GREW UP WATCHING THEYS MOVIES AND I LOVED THEM NOW I SEE THE NIGHTMARE ENC.. AND ALL 7 MOVIES SCREENPLAY AND TRIVA ALSO MY OLDER CHILDREN CAN WATCH THEM ALSO
B000002LK1|5.0|I love This album.  It takes you through so many different emotions.  It is a MUST HAVE.  My personal favorite on thes album, &quot;World in my eyes&quot; It is by far the greatest Depeche Mode song ever written.  Like  I already said, a MUST HAVE
6304359217|3.0|This movie is the perfect example of a good idea that doesn't quite work when you watch it.  The animated sequences are spectacular, and Kath Soucie delivers the best performance as the voice of Lola Bunny.  The live-action  sequences, however, are questionable.  Bill Murray and Wayne Knight are  almost as toony as the Looney Tunes, but Michael Jordan performs horribly.   He's an excellent basketball player and an excellent role model, but he  just can't act.  Still, there are some memorable moments in this film.  I  would recommend watching it at least for the animation.
0385493800|4.0|This was my first Grisham novel. I thought the first chapter was slow, but the more I read the more interesting it became. Finding the hero changing his life through conversion was a startling discovery, and very believable.  And remarkably, no one kills anyone in 400 pages! I highly recommend this  book for those who like a mix of adventure and philosophy.
B000002C1X|5.0|If you already own &quot;The Wall&quot; this remastering is still a must.  The clarity and depth is amazing.  I put it on at work, that was a mistake.  I had to drop everything and just listen to things I've never heard all  these years. This new recording takes advantage of the separate sub-woofers  on today's systems. If you ever wondered exactly what the teacher is  screaming, or the actors on the background T.V. are really saying, you  should listen to this.  All the songs take on a new life.  I thought I was  listening to it for the first time.  Does anyone know if they did as good a  job with of the DVD movie of &quot;The Wall&quot; coming out on Oct 19th?
0792151712|1.0|I've seen more moving dog food commercials than this movie. The special effects could not make up for:bad acting, bad casting, bad script and a stupid story line. When the ship sunk (surprise) I didn't care. And when  Jack drowned I felt no emotion.
014028009X|4.0|This book reflects the best and worst of modern day society...Great fun...written with tremendous humor and wit
6304044836|5.0|Having seen this and the original Sabrina, I must admit that I prefer this version. As someone else said, Humphrey Bogart was much too old for the part of Linus Larrabee. I think he's a great actor, and I love Audrey  Hepburn, but you could feel the chemistry between Julia Ormond and Harrison  Ford more strongly than during the first version. I also found the  &quot;new Sabrina&quot; in this version was a much more dramatic change  than in the old, and I must commend the make-up artists etc. from this  version. Both old and new are great, but this one is even better.
0312199066|3.0|An ego centric, poorly written book which is saved by one of the most thrilling adventures of all times.  \\"The Wrong Stuff\\" could have been a subtitle, as it doesn't come close to Tom Wolfe's style on the same  subject.
B000002IOJ|4.0|This is what metal is all about.  Roaring vocals and harmonic riffs worthy of a nod.  This is an album to be reckoned with!!!
B00000JZC4|5.0|Like most of you, I have been itching for a new filter album for a while.  This album is not what I expected but is a breathe of fresh air. After  listening to it a few times my love for it grows stronger. There are no  empty lyrics, unlike most of todays garbage, and the instrumentals are  amazing. My favorites include &quot;Take a Picture&quot;(INSTANT  HIT),&quot;Captain Bligh&quot;, and &quot;I'm not the only one&quot;. Give  this album time, it will consume you.
B00000GBHA|5.0|Anyone who loves Bob Dylan will love Rodriguez. This guy is fantastic. I only heard him recently on tour in S.A, but he has me sold and I've heard the album a hundred times since then and never get tired of it.
B00000JPHE|4.0|Bela Lugosi is the quintessential Dracula. He is incredibly suave and pleasantly over-the-top, and in that way no one has ever been able to come close to him. Frank Langella, John Carradine, Christopher Lee, even Gary  Oldman has never challenged him in their Dracula portrayals. The sets in  this version are terrific for its 1920-30ish setting. Never mind the fact  that it was based on the stage play and not the book, but then, why does it  need to follow the book? It stands perfectly on its own. Second, apart from  Lugosi, Edward Van Sloan, Dwight Frye, and Helen Chandler are simply  supurb, and make this film emotionally charged. This is a more clean-cut  and less gory than most of today's horror films, but it is very  athmospheric and well acted, and that's what makes it the best Dracula film  ever made.
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game is one of the best books I've ever read.  In fact, several years ago when I read it for the first time I liked it so much that as soon as I finished reading the last page I flipped right back to the beginning  and read it again.  Recently, I decided to read Speaker for the Dead (the  sequel to Ender's Game) it too is a good book, but Ender's Game is easier  to identify with.  This book won the Hugo and Nebula awards, however, I  think that it deserved every other award that books can recieve.  I  recommend it to everyone, young and old (although I'm not sure what six  month olds would get out of it), if you have never read this book you  should get yourself a copy and read it
B000002UC5|4.0|This is a simple yet straight forward musical statement! Were Less is More and Simple beats Complex! The obvious hits are Maybe I'm Amazed and Every Night! But you also have Hot as Sun, Momma Miss America, Teddy Boy and much  more! If your wondering what was happening between '69 and '70 this is a  good sample! A bit of Beatles, a bit of McCartney and a pinch of &quot;home  cookin&quot;<br />McCartney-Ram-Band on the Run-Venus&amp;Mars-Wings Over  America-McCartney II-Tug of War-Russian Album-Flowers in the Dirt-Unplugged  and Flaming Pie are the McCartney Essentials!<br />Keep on Rockin...
0812550706|1.0|Not worth the time to read it
B000005RT8|3.0|This is the one album I wished McCartney performed more from during is '89 &amp; '93 concerts..Besides Coming Up, On the Way &amp; Waterfalls, you have gems like Dark Room, Frozen Jap and Bogey Music. This is one I always  like to play in the springtime especially the song &quot;Coming Up&quot;  ---&quot;coming up like a flower&quot;:O) Good Work...
B0000048TX|1.0|I saw this just out of weakness to see a movie with some climbing, any climbing, I fully expected it to be a dumb movie. However the climbing scenes are just awfull. The directors must have gone out of their way to  make this ridiculous. The toproped lead in Eiger Sanction was nothing on  this. Every scene involving any climbing at all (and there are not many) is  pure crap. Its just insulting.
B000002ULO|5.0|This is one of those albums (forgive me) CD's you can listen to from beginning to end and in addition would hope that McCartney would've have made a double CD...including the B-sides to his singles!!! You have the  classic start of a CD with..The Songs we are singing, bring me back to  those rymthms with &quot;The World Tonight&quot;...lets take the  convertible down and blast...&quot;Do You Wanna&quot; (with excellant  guitars from Mr Miller)..Feel the soul of &quot;Calico Skies&quot; and then  hit all the other Gems..Like &quot;Heaven on a Sunday&quot;,  &quot;Souvenir&quot; and lets take it back home with &quot;Beautiful  Nite&quot; and &quot;Great Day&quot;!!!!!! Like I said the only thing  missing on this CD are the B-sides and a GRAMMY...(Bob Dylan  please...McCartney deserved this one!!!!!!)
B0000025RQ|5.0|along with Slayer's Reign in Blood, Sabbath's Paranoid and Metallica's Master of Puppets, this is one the cornerstone albums of good metal. No question if you should get this, its all round perfect
6304675399|2.0|This is typical Wes Craven junk.  I have always abhorred Wes Craven's horror films, because they serve as an embarassment for true horror fans, because of their cheap and tasteless gore and no sense of style (not to  mention plain BORING) or innovation (excet maybe the Nighmare series).  His  films especially suffer when compared to the horror big boys such as George  Romero, Dario Argento, and John Carpenter.  Scream's opening even rips off  the opening to Argento's Suspiria (an infinitely better movie)!     The  movie itself is a great disappointment, especially when you realize that  teenie bopper writer Kevin Williamson (have he no shame?) &quot;wrote&quot;  this.  The end result is Dawson's Creek with a killer and some very boring  and &quot;been there, done that&quot; gore/slasher scenes.  Also, the movie  tries to trick you into thinking its clever by having the characters being  keen on horror films such as Halloween (which is much better, I might add).   But this just gives the movie an excuse to be unremarkable and boring.   Blecch.    If you want supreme horror satisfaction, check out uncut  versions of Suspiria, Evil Dead, and the Living Dead series (especially  Dawn).  Why is crap like this so popular?
B000002NJS|5.0|I bought this album because I loved the &quot;Ray of Light&quot; single -- and was stunned to find an album packed full of fabulous songs. Not only the lyrics, but the music is equally powerful -- and complex -- every time  I listen to the album I find something new. And what a synthesis --   Madonna has shown me she can be both spiritual AND retain her title Queen  of the Dance Clubs (I have seen hundreds of really pretty people gyrating  to some souped-up remixes of the tunes on this album). The range is amazing  --  from something as introspective and meditative as &quot;Mer Girl&quot;  -- to the cut-loose dance tunes like &quot;Sky Fits Heaven&quot; (my  current favorite) -- and of course for sheer beauty &quot;The Power of  Goodbye&quot; - songs I can share with Mom! I had not been a  &quot;fan&quot; before -- this is my first album, but  I firmly believe  this album marks Madonna's transition from a mere pop icon into (along with  her collaborator, William Orbit)a great artist! I can't wait to see what  she does next!!
B00000K19E|5.0|Where does one begin to critique a movie that was so good?  The Visual FX were breath-taking and have developed a whole new level of mind boggling movements to this close to mastered division of movies!  While many movies  these days tend to be heavy on special effects and light on substance, I  was pleased to see the Wachowski brothers had managed to maintain an  excellent plot structure and build it in an amazing sequence of events  straight up to the end.  This is a definate must see!!!
B000000XB9|2.0|should have put born on the bayou o
B000005ITX|5.0|I was born in '68 and first heard the album in high school when I was really into the 60's.  This album captures the 60's like no other.  The lyrics paint an era perfectly, especially 'You Set the Scene'.  I still  listen to this album today because it is so deep and so many songs were  written from the heart.  I love 'Live and Let Live', 'The Daily Planet',  'Andmoreagain' and especially 'You Set the Scene'.
0374172897|5.0|The best book I have read this year.  Touching.  Observant.  Like an impressionist painting in which all of the brushstrokes don't make sense until you digest the entire painting, stand back, and evaluate it.  A  memorable reading experience.
0792156684|5.0|I am a middle-aged woman who went to see Titanic with my 50ish year old husband and WE LOVED THIS FILM.  So much for only 14 year old girls loving it.  And by the way, my theatre was packed with middle aged (actually all  ages) people seeing Titanic, not just young people.  <br />I have been a   Titanic buff for many years and have read over 7 books on the subject and  have seen most of the movies about it.  Cameron's version was quite  accurate because he also had one of the Titantic Society's lead historians  on the set to make sure he was accurate.  <br />The love story brought it all  home to make the suffering of hundreds on that ship felt by the two  fictional characters who in turn, made us feel and understand what everyone  on that ship was experiencing:  fear, cold, survival, losing family members  and lovers to a slow death.  This movie made us FEEL.  That's the genius  behind Cameron. Thank you.  Jennifer
B00000JMQE|5.0|From the first time I saw this movie at around age 5, I have never let go of it.  A great movie for all ages and an instant classic.  I'm extremely happy to see it's re-release.
B000002J27|5.0|This album is truly amazing. When I listen to it, I feel like I've ran 10 miles and sweated all the toxins out of my system! It makes me feel fresh and ready to Face Life and Live Right. I love Phil Collins, but sadly, he  never matched the pinnacle he reached here and on &quot;And Then There Were  Three.&quot;
B0000025HU|5.0|I don't know if there has ever been such a perfect marriage of music, lyrics, great band (in their absolute prime) captured on record.  This is a huge leap forward for a band that many thought fit squarely into the  Pistols/Ramones punk corner of the music world.  I'm a huge punk fan, which  the Clash could play as well as ANYONE (witness the awesome Complete  Control, for example). But this is not really punk, this record explodes  from those confines as though The Clash had been withholding a significant  amount of artistry until now.<br />Brilliance abounds!  Diversely, from start  to end, bursting at the seams.  From &quot;What the barrel can't snort it  can spatter on the floor&quot; to &quot;Are you listening, mobsters?&quot;  to &quot;Jesus Christ, where did you get that Cadillac?&quot; to  &quot;...he who f***s nuns...&quot;, this is great stuff lyrically.  And  the music is fantastic, less raw than previous albums but perfect for their  new territory.<br />I have been listening to the record/tape/CD for nearly 20  years now, and it's still my favorite of any music I've ever heard.  I  listen to a lot of different music, alway in hopes that I'll find something  as HUGELY pleasing as this record.  Astral Weeks, Exile, and...  I'm  already struggling to find something else worthy of this class.<br />Look for  the bootleg CD of the December '79 Madison Square Garden concert, which  includes many of the London Calling songs mixed in with previous stuff.   It's a great quality bootleg that captures them at their absolute prime.   I've made 3 &quot;backup&quot; copies.   Imagine Koka Kola segueing into I  Fought the Law.  ABSOLUTELY ESSENTIAL STUFF.
B000002J1S|5.0|I'm a great fan of Shakespeare, Beethoven, Mozart, Vermeer, Van Gogh, and many others, but I truly feel this album is the single Greatest Work the human race has ever produced. Do NOT expect to enjoy it right away, any  more than you would enjoy your first taste of rare and expensive fine wine.
B000002A3T|4.0|This disc isn't as bad as alot of people have been making out. If you're not obsessed with, and can get by the fact that Roger Waters wasn't a part of this album, its pretty decent. People have been trashing this disc so  much because they can't get over the prejudice that Pink Floyd just isn't  Pink Floyd without old Rog'. The songs are all pretty good, and I really  enjoy chilling while listening to this.
B000002J2D|5.0|Listen to &quot;Burning Rope&quot; whenever you need a shot of inspiration and motivation: YOUR life is a burning rope, bud! &quot;Dance On A Volcano&quot; tells us &quot;YOU BETTER START DOING IT RIGHT!&quot; And  &quot;The Lady Lies&quot; truthfully states &quot;Who can escape what they  desire?&quot; This is an album for the ages, my friend.
6304259093|5.0|I dont know why you people keep comparing this to the first one. Yeah it was good but this one was better I think. It's on the dark side and thats what I have to have in a movie. It's just all around excellent.
B000002NZO|5.0|Genesis's first great album is different from the rest (before Collins and Hackett). It has a magical  storytelling quality to it, as if sitting around a campfire listening to forgotten legends. Bursting with  rich-sounding 12-string guitars and dulcimer, and chock full of lovely  Hammond organ! Tasty!
B000002HPV|5.0|Bjork,continues to amaze me . Throughout the enjoyment I experience within the period of her release of her 3 albums . Homogenic , is a master piece of Dissonant futuristic tunes and with beautiful background orchestra ,  filling the silence with undercover darkness , mysticism and in the same  time chaos . This album has really been homogenized, and definitely not a  \\"dance club\\" kind of album , but a container of much more complexity to  understand  . Bjork is an amazing artist .
B000002J2D|5.0|Boy, did I muff up! In my previous review, I quoted from the song &quot;Dance On A Volcano&quot;, which is really on TRICK OF THE TAIL, not this album. But both albums are similar: If you love one, you'll love the  other. After this album, the boys started putting out baby food the  Ignorant Masses could digest. They deserved to make big bucks, so I don't  blame them for feeding the uncultured public. But why couldn't they ALSO  continue to make Real Music for their adoring fans? Why couldn't they ALSO  continue to stretch musical boundaries for us? Anyway, the world (and my  heart) is a better place for the work they did on Trespass, Nursery Cryme,  Foxtrot, Selling England, The Lamb, Trick Of The Tail, and Then There Were  Three. Thanks, guys!
0671578278|5.0|I just finished this book late tonight.  I began reading this book online at the publisher's website and was so enthralled by the first 9 chapters that I haunted every bookstore in town to get a copy as soon as it came  out.  This is truly an impressive book, Ms. Bujold sincerely deserves all  the glowing reviews posted on this site.  Her writing style, while  deceptively easy to read, manages to convey an astounding array of emotion  and symbolism.  This book is a lively and complicated story of romance,  biology and, and political intrigue.  At times I found myself  simultaneously cringing at the terrible predicaments the characters had put  themselves in and rolling on the floor with laughter at how gut-wrenchingly  funny it all was.  A Civil Campaign is an exceptional introduction to an  exceptional author for those new to Ms. Bujold's work, but it is also full  of allusions to previous books in the series and delightful inside jokes to  thrill readers already familiar with the series.  If you don't read this  book, you are missing one of the best books of any genre written in years.   Five stars aren't nearly enough to express how fantastic and impressive  this book is.
0780627024|4.0|The &quot;Brady Bunch Movie&quot; this is not, although both films present a clash of cultures, past and present.<br />Pleasantville attacks the premise with greater vigour and more assuredness however - &quot;Brave New  World&quot; or &quot;Things To Come&quot; come more readily to mind in  defining this fantastic excursion into other-worldness. Gary Ross should be  commended for his ambitious attempt to reconstruct contemporary times  through the lens of another era. <br />Essentially, &quot;Pleasantville&quot;  is more than a simple morality fable about good and evil, tolerance and  respect. It aims to be a prism through which our basic values are distorted  to reveal the underlying worth of our basic values. The shading from  monochrome through to heightened colour, as the past shades into the  present, reflects this prismatic approach.  The &quot;Animal Farm&quot;  imagery in the film's closing third is a little awkward at times - J.T.  Walsh's mayor was reminiscent of Napoleon, leader of the dominant pigs -   and the use of religious and political imagery to reinforce the film's  liberal sensibilities was similarly heavy-handed. However, a fine satire  regardless, and shamefully overlooked by the Academy.
B00000DBXL|5.0|It was systematically one of the greatest, if not the greatest CD's I have ever heard. Cake has put out great CD's in the past, but this was probably the best of there three albums. I loved &quot;Motorcade of Generosity&quot;  and &quot;Fashion Nugget&quot;, and Cake is my favorite band of all time,  But &quot;Prolonging the Magic&quot; absolutely blew me away. This is the  first CD ever where I could start the CD, listen to every song  chronologically, and enjoy every single song on the CD. This is my favorite  CD ever and I would give it five stars Hands down. I recommend it to anyone  interested in some great music.
6305265488|5.0|This movie is so good! Im serious! It is so romantic and pure simple. Drew Barrymore has done a terrific job playing Danielle and I wish she deserve an award for acting so well playing this role. It is an excellent film  filled with breathtaking moments that will make you fall in love again and  realize to yourself there is someone that does deserve you, no matter what  your background is.
6300214826|5.0|this movie requires intelligence to piece together Coppola's masterpiece.  this movie is at stanley kubrick quality.  even the way the Door's &quot;The End&quot; weaves throughout the movie deserves 5 stars...    How  could someone say that the ending is weak?  It ISN'T VISUAL!  It should  blow you away mentally...  if it doesn't, it went over your head.  This  movie is very quotable too.
0385486804|5.0|I'll never forget this book. I could read it over and over... it's such a fascinating story. A true life adventure, full of hubris.<br />In response to those two reviews which gave very low scores: I don't think you should have  rated this book after being forced to read it in class. There are many  reasons why that can cast a negative light on the whole subject... some  books aren't for some people, and if the book just isn't your thing,  pretend you never read it.. <br />The general rule is, if you wouldn't have  read it idenpendently by yourself, don't review it. <br />Also, just because  you disagree with the glorification of Chris McCandless (whether or not he  deserves it is beside the point), you shouldn't judge the book on that.
1558216847|5.0|A friend recommended &quot;The Long Walk&quot;.  My local library was not able to locate the book, but did have an 8-tape set, excellently read by Bernard Mayes.  Mayes' precise, dispassionate (non-dramatic) reading  perfectly suited the material.  My wife and I were GLUED to the cassette  player until all eight tapes were heard.    Slavomir Rawicz' true story is  nevertheless numbing in its scope.  Slavomir Rawicz -- and all others who  have suffered and survived the horrors of the Gulag (and who have revisited  their nightmare to write about it) deserve our rapt attention and  admiration.
6300184064|1.0|African writer Chinua Achebe once commented that the job of a writer is to offer more than just despair. Given that charge, Achebe would have been appalled by the movie Brazil.<br />Gilliam documents some of the more  appalling aspects of our society and where it is headed, but has little, if  anything, to say about it. Bureaucracy is bad? No kidding. Reducing human  beings to paper-shuffling drones, to mere cogs in the machine is an awful  thing? No sh*t. People live this stuff already, Terry. They have been for a  long while. The question is what to do about it.<br />And when Gilliam reaches  a dead-end in the first part of the movie, he falls back to a rather  prosaic romance, a chase scene, etc., all of it unconvincing and amateurish  in execution.<br />He tops it off with a black, depressing ending, which  angered the studio executives and made a hero out of Gilliam in certain art  circles as a rebel who bucked the system. As for the audience, those who  buy Gilliam's ambiguity and ambivalence as a badge of genius will love this  movie. Those who see Brazil as an exercise in excessive, sloppy, and poorly  crafted filmmaking will likely opt for a bottle of aspirin and a hot bath.
1558216340|5.0|I first read this book in 1959.  It is one book I have never forgotten.  Words such as courage, tenacity, tenderness, persistence don't quite explain the theme of the book.  Rawicz has helped us to understand the  human spirit and how one can overcome and succeed.
0684874350|3.0|A very good read. A good yarn, often illuminating, and sometimes truly brilliant, (e.g., the part about his father reminding him of the holy trinity; the second paragraph of the book, which the jacket pretends is the  opening paragraph . . .), but . . .<br />This book was a bit hard to swallow.  The voice is so affected sometimes, especially when he reaches for the  little-boy heartstrings. A bit manipulative, a little too self-serving. And  as it progresses, sometimes just a little dull. Voice is central, and this  voice just didn't quite ring authentic. A nice read, but hardly a  masterpiece.<br />I'm a little distraught that nearly everyone on this list  gave it one star or five. The one stars make it clear it's just not their  cup of tea, but all those five stars--come on, where's the discrimination?  There's lots to love about this book, but just because it provokes an  emotional response many times, that doesn't necessarily make it great art.  There are a lot of problems with this book, too.
B000007T1M|3.0|These guys can realy rock out but they are so tore up that I had to return the cd.  The lyrical message was just rank and disgustingly thoughless.  If you like this style of music however I would recomend an awsome band called  the Presidents of the United States of America.
1558216847|5.0|Don't take this wrong, but after three heart pounding nights, I never wanted this book to end! Of course I wanted them to get to India, but I enjoyed this book so much, I started getting sad that I had fewer &amp;  fewer pages to read! -and I had every emotion reading it too.        I'll  never forget his story.  It will be locked into my memory, for me to  cherish and learn from, till the day I die.  I could read his words every  night, but now I've just finished the book, and feel so sad that there is  no more &quot;Long Walk&quot; to read every night.  That's when you know  you've just finished a GREAT book!         Thank you very much Slav!
B000002U8G|5.0|Funny how brilliantly committees work in rock music, and how badly they work in almost everything else. <br />So anything written by all four Floyd, Mason-Water-Gilmour-Wright tends to be brilliant. But when Roger Waters  took over and shut the others out... things started turning grim. Returns  diminished.<br />Animals is the last decent Pink Floyd album. The Wall and The  Final Cut, entirely dominated by Waters, are rubbish, and Pink Floyd  without Waters are, sadly, sad. So are Waters' own solo albums. The  Egoist's Tragedy.<br />But on a cheerier note, this is the band at their peak.  Here they don't express pretentiousness, as in the lyrics to Dark Side and  Wish; instead they justify their pretentions by writing and performing  brilliant music. <br />Echoes is the Floydian masterpiece, crystal clear and  constantly creative. It has a classical structure, voyaging out from safety  to a climax in a very strange and frightening place indeed, then coming  back to safety. Phew! <br />(And speaking of &quot;classical&quot;, there are  long scales passages on bass in &quot;Echoes&quot; that remind you that  these were very limited musicians indeed, in the sense of not being  virtuosi; but then there are long scales passages in the  &quot;Emperor&quot; too, with a similar function.)<br />And the shorter songs  are all good, the first two being as good as Echoes. The remainder relax,  and are charming, cheerful and minor. Cheerful beats  depressed-and-whinging-about-being-a-rock-star any day, in my book. <br />(If  I were Roger Waters' Mom I'd give him a belt around the backside, for all  the horrible things he's said about her in his whining later music.)  <br />Here is the best this band ever did. When &quot;Dark Side&quot; first  came out, I was already a Floyd fan on the strength, mainly, of Meddle and  the live sides of Ummagumma. And I was actually rather disappointed with  DSOTM. Much simpler in its music, its use of sound, and though the lyrics  were more self-important, they actually weren't as good. I still think that  while Dark Side is quite good, Meddle is far more interesting, radical and  brilliant. <br />My advice to people wanting to investigate Floyd? Start here.  Oh, and explore the earlier albums, not the later ones. Atom Heart Mother  is weak, and can be safely skipped, but More, Saucer, Piper and Ummagumma  are all diamonds. The best album recorded AFTER Meddle isn't DSOTM, but  Obscured by Clouds. <br />And you should also buy the new double-CD of the  Zabriskie Point soundtrack - which features music used in the film, and  also tracks made for the film but never used - and not available elsewhere.   The non-Pink Floyd stuff on the soundtrack is also brilliant, even the  Patti Page. :) Was she related to Betty Page?<br />DSOTM, Wish and Animals are  quite good too, though. Not saying anything against them; but the earlier  stuff is the real goods. <br />Cheers!<br />Laon
B000003N8R|5.0|This is a much-overlooked gem.  The first two songs, &quot;Crescent&quot; and &quot;Wise One&quot;, are simply beautiful listening and very compelling.  The rest of the album is appealing as well.  This is one of  Coltrane's best.
B000002IWH|5.0|I bought this album years ago and it still spins in my player today.  Good songs throughout... Nine Inch Nails and For Love Not Lisa excel here.
6305373248|1.0|Someone should have told Demo Moore that every night on cable there is a movie about a woman who becomes a stripper to support her kids and is then victimized in various ways. It been done before Demi. And before than and  before that and before that and before that......<br /> There are a lot of  women I might pay $7.00 to see nude, but Silicone-Demi isn't one of them.
6304913176|3.0|This film is quite stupid as other reviewers have stated.  But how could they not enjoy this film? Silly story of youths graduating from High School and joining military to save world from Giant Insects. Top notch special  effects and everybody looks like a model.
0783228570|2.0|Al Pacino plays the drug dealer brilliantly. The constant use of the 'F' word, the disgusting personal habits, the constant betrayals by the underworld members of each other make this movie as close to realistsic as  one would want. In reality criminals are scum and Scorcese is one of the  few directors willing to portray criminals as individuals with no redeeming  value. For this I would give the movie 5 stars. The only problem is I don't  go to the movies for reality, I go to get entertained. If criminals  shooting women and chainsawing competitors is your idea of entertainment go  for it. It's not mine. I give it two stars. And only because Pacino is so  perfect.
B000002U82|5.0|I remember when it came out in the early 70s.  I'm now in my 40s and the themes raised here are the most important to an individual struggling in the modern world.  Waters' lyrical genius was evident at a young age.  The  music is subtle and timeless. The guitar solo by Gilmour in  &quot;Time&quot; is one of the unforgettable guitar solos of all time (no  pun intended).
6301777387|3.0|I wanted to see MASH while I was in the Navy, but the military refused to provide the flick to the Seventh Fleet during my service in the late 60's. I finally saw the movie at a revival theater in L.A. in 1977. I was  disappointed at its uneven humor and pointlessness. Still, it has many good  scenes and is definitely worth watching. <br /> I think this is one of these  cases where the TV adaptation is better than the movie and my expectations  of the original movie were too great because of all the raving I'd heard  about it.
630522577X|5.0|It is hard to believe that until now no feminist group, teacher association or any other activists tried to have this movie banned.
B00000ILE7|3.0|This movie is disappointing because the first two were so good. Its eerie atmosphere is very effective and its bizarre plot gives it a blade-runnerish sort of feel. Sigourney Weaver is getting a bit long in the  tooth. She should have been written out of the series after the second  flick.   Still, the movie is better than average for sci-fi. Anyone seen  Independence Day?
B000002KAT|5.0|... but it is truly outstanding. Much of Van's subsequent music flows from this recording. Buy it! If you don't like it, then you have at least found out something (disappointing) about yourself.
630508999X|1.0|Just another slasher flick attempting to be hip. It will probably appeal the most to people who think that talentless 'hotties' from 'Party of Five' or '90210' can act.<br /> This is NOT a horror movie. Horror movies have the  elements of suspense and the supernatural. Watch movies with Vincent Price  or Christopher Lee if you want to see horror movies. Scream2 is devoid of  suspense or acting talent.
B000003NA4|5.0|This c.d. is the first jazz c.d. I've ever owned, and you know what?  I want to buy some more.  This music and that voice just plain made me stop what I was doing, sit down, and listen.  I absorbed every lyric, guitar  riff, and piano pass and made them a part of me.  As a musician, I listen  to A LOT of music seeking inspiration and a fresh sound.  But, NEVER have I  heard an album that challenged me so musically and refreshed me so  emotionally.  Wanna unwind after a hard day at work?  Wanna snuggle with  the wife or hubby?  Do yourself a favor - pick this one up.  It's a keeper.
6305041156|5.0|It is a tribute to the incredible genius of Kurosawa that he could make a shakespeare play more interesting to an english-speaking person in the form of a Samurai movie than the Shakespeare itself. With his loss, along with  Hitchcock the world of film will never be the same.
0790729989|5.0|Unbelievable movie with superb acting, directing, writing, costumes, sets.  Just about everything in the movie is perfection though it is not a movie I would recommend to the weak at hart.  It can get a little violent but it  is well worth it if you can stomach it.  Can't wait for Fight Club either,  read that book and then see the movie with Pitt and Fincher teaming up  again.
6303327982|1.0|This movie is a prime example of the intellectual bankruptcy of the 'Arts Community'. Faced with a movie that is a amateurish, overly-violent and pointless, the artsy types have gone overboard finding 'significance' and  'meaning' to this cinematic abortion. Too bad 'zero stars' is not an  option. Oliver Stone is one of the most politcally motivated and dishonest  movie producers in history. This movie belongs in the landfill.
6301777387|5.0|Great film, definitely an American classic.  I saw the TV show maybe once or twice, and it never really impressed me.  The film, on the other hand, is wickedly funny and has the kind of spirit that will keep you smiling  throughout.  Some of the bits are hilarious, even worth rewinding while you  watch.
6304675399|2.0|Rather than just have a killer slashing 24-year-old teenagers we have a mystery killer slashing 24-year-old teenagers. The worst thing about this movie is the flood of imitations and sequels it will/has spawned.<br /> Anyone  who thinks that this movie has suspense should rent some Alfred Hitchcock  flicks like 'Rear Window' or 'notorious'. Scream has no suspense. No  slasher flick has had suspense since John Carpenter's Original Halloween.  The others just repeat his formula. Patheic.
0061053147|5.0|I'm not an expert in the Shakespeare language. Also, I'm not sure if Sammon is also an expert in it. What I know is that Future Noir was the very first english book I'd read with pleasure, although my own dificulties  with English language (is my 4th language!). Blade Runner is a MUST for  every sci-fi and/or cinema fan, and I'm very pleased with this book. The  irritating relation between Ford and Young, the coolness of Hauer and his  bright work, Scott's rudeness with the crew, and several other hundreds of  things are there. ALL are there... No other book or magazine could be more  complete. If you love BR, you must read this book. If you can't buy it,  stole it!
B00000JPH6|5.0|Cuando vi esta pelicula solo tenia 7 aos, ahora, a los 24, me siento muy contento de por fin tener la oportunidad de volver a verla y en formato DVD. Esta es una de esas peliculas que marco mi infancia, junto con Star  Wars y Laberinto.
0671004611|5.0|Colonel Corso tells, in simple straightforward language, a story that would make the X-Files seem boring by comparison. He tells us that the Roswell crash was real, but the government felt they had to cover it up  because they remembered the panic that had resulted from Orson Welles'  fictional alien invasion broadcast just a few years earlier. Then he  describes the process by which the alien wreckage found its way to his desk  in the Army's Foreign Technology department, and the plan he concocted to  put it to use, finally saving the entire planet from a real alien invasion.  It all sounds so incredible, and yet there is no reason it could not be  perfectly true. I have read this book cover to cover twice, and I am  convinced it all happened exactly as he said. Some readers have said this  book must be fiction; but if it is, Corso wasted his life being an Army  officer when he could have been the greatest novelist of the twentieth  century.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn is a wonderful artist,i'm sad that we had to wait so long before we were able to really see her talent. Not only is she beautiful (in her long locks)but she's also very intelligent and inspirational!
B0000025F7|5.0|Okay, I know that there's still a bit of camp inherent in admitting that you like disco - and I don't, as a rule, but this album transcends all that; I feel no shame in admitting that this is one of the best  &quot;pop&quot; records ever made.  If you allow certain trappings of the  period to cause you to dismiss songs as great as &quot;Rock With You,&quot;  &quot;I Can't Help It,&quot; or the title track, it's definitely your loss.    And, allow me to say that Jackson's performances on this album constitute  some of the most assured, rhythmically infectious vocal work this side of  James Brown.  Chalk me up as one who believes that Michael Jackson will  never make a better album than this one.
B000002BQK|5.0|This is her best CD ever, she is an extremely talented artist, and  deserves more praise than she gets.  Clearly, she is a fabulous singer as  well as songwriter and right now a lot of music on the radio is by no  talent people like Jennifer Lopez, or Britney Spears anyway these people  are not in her league but they are people who are getting exposure and  really have no talent.  Thanks Mariah for sharing your talent with us ina   time when there si not much out there.  he best song on the album is  &quot;beautiful Ones&quot;.  However I must say that each song is so unique  and great in its own right.
6305014140|2.0|Wow all the reviews so positive?... im truely disapointed at the lack of comments besides &quot;best anime of all time&quot;... man.. sad.. i wouldn't rank it in the top ten.... lots of action.. easy to follow story  line.. accually your smacked with it.. no indepth plot or character  development.. if your looking for great action i'd take Bubble Gum Crisis  DVD collectors suite... much better imho... ghost in the shell is good..  very slick battle with the tank...but macross plus is way better visual  wise....... my review point there is no story... if your looking for bloody  battle scenes......
6305513406|5.0|The quality of the episodes is great.  I've wanted to see the first and best Star Trek series in this format for a while.  It is a joy to watch!  The audio is better than before and about as good as a 60's series can get.   But why couldn't Paramount put more episodes on a disk? It would have been  better for storage and much nicer to have many episodes on disk, rather  than just one.  And they should have included extras, like interviews, etc.   Just a lot of wasted space! Even though I recommend the series and the  remastered version, I won't be buying again unless more is included in  later releases.  I think I'll auction mine off....
B0000025DD|3.0|I enjoy the &quot;David Gilmour&quot; self titled CD.  It was recorded in  between &quot;The Wall&quot; and &quot;Animals.&quot; I hear some of both,  plus a little &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; on the songs.  The song  &quot;Short and Sweet&quot; is clearly the precursor to &quot;Run Like  Hell.&quot;   <br />The arrangements are very spartan, however.  None of the  plush sounds or effects of a Floyd CD.  Definitely, pure Gilmour.  He plays  guitars and keyboards.  Interesting, but prossibly only appealing to a  Gilmour based Floyd afficionado who appreciates his silky smoothy - to  rough and gruff vocals.  There are parts that make me wish he'd had help  arranging and producing it; places where you wish a ripping solo, a sound  or effect or additional keyboard/organ treatments were added to enrich with  Floydian vitamins and iron.  Only the bass (sorry Roger) is perfect  sounding, even the drums could have used a little more production polish.   <br />Even though I have only given three stars for those who might entertain  the idea of buying this CD, it's a must have for someone who has a great  appreciation for Gilmour's vocal stylings.
6304509162|5.0|I remember watching this movie on t.v. when I was a kid.  Then I rented the video one day and there were parts they didn't put on t.v.  The movie made alot more sence.   The acting in this movie by the adults and the kids  is amazing.  I can watch this movie over and over again and never get sick  of it.  That is why I am buying the movie now.  I hate all the commercials.  The only part I thought was cheesy was, when the scientist is looking in  the mirror after he throws up and starts to peel away at his face.  But for  the time it came out (1982)  even that isn't so bad.   Buy this today.   You'll love it.
0783226888|1.0|$70 million to whack out the head of the FBI?  The Russian gangsters in this clinker obviously don't shop around for hired killers.  As if hearing Gere's Irish accent isn't bad enough, we must bear two hours of Bruce  Willis' deadpan wig-changing killer.  Argh!  And why won't a rifle, a bomb,  poison, something a BIT simpler be employed as the murder weapon?  What's  with that gun?  This film is ridiculous, period.
0399230033|5.0|My 17 month old sons loves this book.  When it is story time, he will go and get this book first and then again towards the end.<br />The illustrations are wonderful (and all the details too - I love the barbar doll on the  elephants cage and the ernie doll in the armidillo's cage).<br />We point to  the animals and make up our own stories.  Highly recmmend to all parents!
B00000JGOJ|5.0|This sweet, polished gem of a film follows the lives and volatile romances of four couples, as they find, develop and rekindle love in modern Los Angeles.  The performances are wonderful, especially those of Sean Connery,  Angelina Jolie, Jay Mohr, and Dennis Quaid.  An excellent cast, a wonderful  story (with a surprising ending!), and Willard Carroll's screenplay make  Playing by Heart a film that must not be missed.
0964385619|5.0|This is a remarkable book. It's been in the Top 10 non-fiction lists in Australia every week for over a year. So too now is the companion book: &quot;Cashflow Quadrant&quot;. That says it all!<br />This is a  ground-breaking book. I'd rather have fresh thinking,  &quot;warts-and-all&quot;, than wait for perfect prose. <br />Go for the  content. Open your mind. Dig for the gems, (there are plenty!)and put them  into practice. I have, and I'm pleased with the results.
630469878X|5.0|Truly a masterpiece and I'm so glad it's on DVD.  However, I found that Scott Ridley's commentary spoke about just everything but the picture.  His early life, trials and tribulations, how to get a film previewed, how much  it costs, etc.  I guess some of you find this interesting (see a comment  below) but when we are fortunate to get a director to do a DVD commentary,  I think he or she should at least talk about what we're watching and not  the philosophy of movie making. There are so many things I'd like to know  about that went into the making of this classic film.
B00000K2SC|5.0|While I think people are reading a bit too much into all the &quot;symbolism&quot; in this film, I can't deny that it was extremely entertaining, visually stunning, and far and away the best film i've seen  all year.  Remember the shootout with the SWAT team, with all the marble  breaking and dozens of shells falling to the floor??? wasn't that  awesome???
6304907648|5.0|As is often the case, the director's scene by scene commentary that comes with the DVD is almost as good as this exciting film itself.  Sigourney Weaver is a great actress and had to go through a lot to make some of the  scenes, the bathroom sequence, for example.<br />As far as serial killer films  go, I am still much impressed by Kalifornia as a film, and the strange 8mm.   Peronally, I think this genre is being overworked.
B000001ES4|1.0|Sadly, I purchased this CD without the aid of a sound card, but after reading reviews on the Amazon.com web page.  While I don't dislike fiddles,  a little goes a long way.  This CD is virtually all fiddle music.  I no  longer own this CD and won't purchase any CD again without the benefit of  listening to a sample first.
B00000JG41|5.0|From opening to hazy ending this is Bungle's best. Yes, even better than the self-titled shin-dig. Mike Patton has broken new ground with his stunning lyrics and awe-inspiring delivery. Mike's vocalizations, several  layers deep on every rich track, swarm around themes and melodies ranging  from Beach Boys-esque to Islamic calls to prayer. The band is tight while  exploring innovative changes of pace within each track.  In borrowing from  so many familiar genres, Bungle has essentially created a new, refreshing  style that will soon be copied. California is to Bungle what Incesticide is  to nirvana, or Sgt. Pepper's is to, um, what's the name of that goofy band  . . . I think they were Welsh, or something. Anyway, if you really like  alternative music DON'T buy this cd. Your miniscule brain won't be able to  handle it. Only the FAITHFUL deserve to be enraptured by Bungle's genius.
0375707972|5.0|This brief, very readable book moved and impressed me as none other since David Malouf's &quot;Conversations at Curlow Creek&quot; with which it shares the theme of profound human understanding and owned psychological  falability.  Schlink's writing is direct, unadorned (unlike Malouf) and  beautifully paced, as well as nuanced.  He made me feel sympathetic to  Hanna, a woman who had participated in one of the horrors of our time.   it's a moral tale without moralizing...a sign of greatness in my book!
6305265488|5.0|I absolutely loved this movie.  I have watched it twice within the last week.  Dougray Scott who plays Prince Henry is just a dream and I wish I could find a prince like him.  This was such a good movie that I could  watch it over and over and over again.
8185300453|5.0|For those who understand what Maharay is talking about, eveything is over. There is nothing left, nothing has to be said anymore...The end of an illusion. What more can be expected from words?
0380973464|4.0|will he end a book well?  Despite immensely enjoying this book, I waited to recommend it to friends until I finished it.  After his last two, I knew to be careful.  Well, I definitely will recommend it, but the ending is a  B-/C+ ending on an A+/A book.  This is better than Diamond Age, which had a  D-/F ending.  That time, he threw his characters away like used kleenex.   Much better this time, but still weak. What's the deal?  If this guy could  finish a book with a bang, he would already have at least two bona fide,  &quot;capital C&quot; Classics under his belt.  Still, 95% of a classic is  well worth reading.  In terms of ideas, he's probably the smartest, most  interesting, and original writer under the age of 50.  In terms of prose,  he's amazing.  So much fun that I and most readers (see most of the  reviews) can't help but enjoy even his most indulgent moments.  He knows  and we know that he's just showing off (Cap'n Crunch indeed!), but we love  him anyway.  Definitely worth all 900+ pages.  But please, please, give us  a great ending next time.
6303407188|5.0|This is one movie I like to watch over and over. A brilliant story on the life of one of Hollywoods independent directors. Tim Burtons unique ability as a director shines as always. Johnny Depp, Martin Landau and company are  all superior. Ed Wood did more for science fiction than any other director  of his day. The movie shows the constant struggle of a man and his dream,  how ingenuity and perserverance can bring out the creativity in a man, and  what Hollywood does to people. With very little money Ed created a  completly different vehicle for movie making thus insuring his place in  history. Tim Burtons portrail of Ed Wood should be an inspiration to  independent film makers everywhere. Martin Landau gives an excellant  portrail of Bela Lagosi. Very sad to see how Hollywood turned its back on a  stage and screen legend and how he died broke like so many other movie  greats. It took the talents of Tim Burton to tell this story.
0887309372|4.0|According to this book it takes many years  to build the brand. However, the environment is very dynamic and product development cycle is shorter then ever.  The brand theory is good when you can create a new market or  when you can create your niche. But when it comes to rapid evolutionary  competiton in your market it wont work because you loss the initiative. The  book explaines clearly the branding ideas and common branding mistakes.
6304286961|5.0|The Doors from 1991 was a great movie, great theater.  Not to be confused with the true day-to-day account of Jim Morrison and the group he co-founded, the Doors.  It's just a movie that takes the brave bold step in  using actual people names and places with an exagerated storyline.  The  film is great visual entertainment, eye candy of colors and movements.  A  great film to watch with a crowd.  I love the camera angles and shots.  Val  Kilmer makes it hard to figure out if he actually used the same substances  as Morrison to fit his role, or is he just a good actor that wears black  lensed contacts? Stone's films should be characterized by their  overwhelming amount of action and exaggeration.  Makes movies exciting,  whether you agree or disagree with Stone's works. Platoon is my favorite  Oliver Stone film, then the Doors then Born on the 4th of July.
0060977493|4.0|This book is indeed spellbinding.  I wouldn't call it beautiful but I would call it real. Real as in real life, which for many many people on this planet really sucks.  Parts of the book may turn your stomach but Roy  should be congratulated for not telling this story through rose colored  glasses.  This book will make you think and is a great cross-cultural  study.  The writing style may be hard for some to follow (hypnotic for  some, confusing to others) but the metaphor is some of the most powerful  I've read.  This book is worth reading.
B000001DVD|5.0|This is what I remember Def Leppard to sound like. It is a classic and was a classic when it hit the shelves. Buy it! I wish their career would have included more High N Dry-like albums.
0553573403|5.0|OK. This is were I react.  The writer before me is certainly losing it, as well, as the woman who bitched about not havng stron female characters.<br />Martin created the most incredible cast of characters, male  and female, to have ever apeared in a fantasy book.  Catelyn is a stron  female character, and so is Dany,and Arya.  Someone who doesn't think they  are probably will consider Pilar from 'For Whom The Bell Tolls' a weak  female character.<br />As for likeable characters, it's true that a few  likeable character die, but that's life.  You have plenty of cool heros  left, most notably Tyrion Lannister.  If you feel bad about characters  sying, Martin has done his work properly.<br />As for childlish, well it's  true that about half of the character sare children, so they act childlish.  Like DUH.  But there are lots of grown ups, and they never act  childlishly.  Catelyn and Tyrion's battle of wits, Ned's search for Robert  Arryn's murderers, Jon Snow learning about loyalty - all are simbols of  growth and greatness.
B000000W5P|4.0|The hits (Miss You, Shattered, Beast of Burden) still hit. The rockers (Just My Imagination-they take this song over!, When the Whip Comes Down,  Lies, &amp; Respectable) still rock. My only gripe is the general taunting  theme of &quot;We're rich, we're corrupt, you cops hate us but wish you  could be us&quot;. The Stones usually include a jokey throwaway per album  but this one has 3: Far Away Eyes (Mick plays country for laughs), Before  They Make Me Run (Keef's mumbly tale of smack on the lam) and the title  track (misogynistic even beyond Stones standards). Still an album very much  worth having but if you are going to wave your middle finger around, make  sure it's not so manicured.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Pure sensuality. Raw moods. A work of art.
6305399212|5.0|I've never been much on science fiction, but this Aliens movie is the exception. The extra 17 minutes of the director's cut just adds more to the original movie version.
0553277472|5.0|I first encountered this book in 1975 as my father was reading it, as we were (unknown to the rest of the family) retracing the journey of the unnamed narrator and Chris through the Dakotas, Montana, and on into the  west.<br />He gave me the book as I started college that year, and I read it  through my first semester -- a few pages here and there.  Read it while  walking to the train station, read it while working on campus.  I enjoyed  it somewhat up until the middle, when it really caught fire for me.  The  second half is just fabulous.<br />There are great little bits in the book  that I've reflected upon often.  The degrees-and-grading, the  gumptionology, the geometry, the intro-to-philosophy.  The bit about having  a creative block because the topic is too big.  These are all little  vignettes woven very nicely into a compelling book.  I loved it.<br />I lent  out my copy many times over the next twenty years...always making sure I  got it back.  My dad asked for it back last year, and of course I gave it  to him...cover shredded, pages marked up by a dozen readers, yellowed and  old -- but still as vibrant as when it was written.<br />When I've heard and  read what's happened later in Pirsig's life, the book becomes tragic, but  that's not really here nor there.  It stands on its own.
6304493681|5.0|This is definitely a DVD worth getting.  The attention to detail is absolutely incredible.  The story line is a bit complex and hard to follow (if you haven't read the manga, which I have) ... still, very easy to get  into ... and worth collecting
6302720419|5.0|I saw this movie when I was a little girl and it scared me to death. You would think that  I would have outgrown it, well I have'nt!  This movie still sends chills down my spine.  From the time the massacre starts in the  diner, 'til the very end (Iwon't give it away for the few who have'nt seen  it), this movie will have you on the edge of your seat. This movie is a  must have for any di-hard horror movie fan!
0790736039|5.0|I WAS NEVER REALLY AFRAID OF CLOWNS UNTIL I WATCHED THIS MOVIE.FOR ANYONE WHO LOVES STEPHEN KING MOVIES I RECOMMEND THAT YOU WATCH IT.
0345428056|5.0|Excellent Book, I simply couldn't put it down. The story is about an SAS Soldier working undercover following two PIRA Soldiers. They are followed to Washington, where it all goes terribly wrong.
B0000025SB|5.0|I've had this LP since it came out, and it is seeing age.  I rate this as a tie with Animals as the best Pink Floyd album.  I hope it is next in line for the &quot;Label Out of Stock&quot; to be removed.  As a previous  reviewer mentioned, it is &quot;powerful&quot;. One solid package, every  song a chapter in a stirring book.
0060277246|5.0|This is one of the most wonderful books ever written. I could read this book from beginning to end, then read it over again the same day I finish.       It is about four children, Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy.  They get  into a land called Narnia through a magic wardrobe.  In that wardrobe they  meet a Lion called Aslan.  Aslan helps them defeat an evil witch (who has  made it always  winter and never Christmas)and return peace to Narnia.   This is a really great book.
6300182193|4.0|Frank Langella pulls off the character of Dracula to perfection. He shows a most romantic side of the monster as well as Gary Oldman did in a more newer version. The story itself is told very well with some mellow  overtures well placed within the confines of the film. The lead man is well  suited for the part even though his roles in other films is quite  different. Highly recommended for those who like it on the ghoulish side  but who also have that bit of mysterious romance within them.
B00000G3AZ|4.0|This is one of the better Jane Austen attempts I've seen. The actress is pegged to the right age (unlike Emma Thompson, whose character takes on a different edge by being past adolescence) and she isn't following the  pompous acting traditions of the old BBC videos. <br />We're now getting  enough Austen stories onto the screen that they're becoming individual  interpretations instead of each one having to be the One and Only Dramatic  Interpretation. I like the focus on Harriet that's missing from the A&amp;E  version, and the casting of Mr. Knightley makes her sudden realization of  love a bit more dramatic.<br />Personally I grade this video down a point  because it lacks a fine bit of background video material that should have  been included with the DVD. The writer/director/producer put together a  half hour production for one of the artsy cable channels (probably Bravo)  called &quot;What's Clueless about Emma?&quot; It compared this version of  &quot;Emma&quot; with the movie &quot;Clueless,&quot; interviewed the  actors in &quot;Emma,&quot; and included some random background material  about Austen and her writing. I was astonished that they left it off the  DVD. Maybe another release.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Its no wonder that the song Nookie made it number 2 on TRL it rocks and it  deffinetly worth buying! LIMP BIZKIT ROCKS!!!!!!!!
0792156684|3.0|Titanic was and always will be a fantastic movie. I suppose I like a lot of other people were waiting for the transition of this movie to DVD , waiting to relive it all over again.  I have to say though that this doesnt  live up to expectations.  The sound quality is excellent on DVD, shame  about the rest.  You would think that with such a huge blockbuster a bit of  effort could of gone in to making the DVD version spectacular. I would say  to people dont bother unless you have a large screen TV otherwise you will  be starining your eyes to find the picture on the screen....
6304383827|1.0|This is one of the worst adaptations of a classic novel that I have ever seen, surpassed only by Miss Paltrow's &quot;Great Expectations.&quot;<br />The costumes and set design were lovely (although we  might be fooled into thinking that Regency England had a perpetual  Riviera-like climate by the costumes and light!), and some of the acting  quite good, especially Jeremy Northam as Knightley and Juliet Stevenson as  the horrible and hysterically funny Mrs. Elton.  However, having seen this  and several other of her movies, I can't see why anyone thinks Gwyneth  Paltrow can act.  She does her best with those British accents, but she  seems to have about two facial expressions -- smiling beautifully and  scrunching her face up to cry.  She is however, very beautiful and those  Regency costumes certainly suit her, so perhaps that explains the casting.   Also, Toni Collette was COMPLETELY miscast as Harriet Smith.  <br />This  aside, the worst part of this movie for me was the script!  Evidently, the  writers decided that the classic words of one of the greatest writers of  the English language were not usable for their purposes and substituted  their own idiotic language instead -- just a few examples:  &quot;Please  don't shoot my dogs!&quot;  (this kind of &quot;humor&quot; belongs in a  low-grade sitcom);  Emma addresses her &quot;Dear Diary&quot;;  Emma refers  to someone as a &quot;couple&quot; -- I'm pretty sure that no-one in the  early nineteenth century referred to &quot;couples.&quot;  In fact, in the  few instances where the screenwriters deigned to use Jane Austen's own  words, the contrast only pointed up their own lack of talent!<br />If you love  &quot;Emma&quot; the novel, do yourself a favor and don't see this movie.
0780625129|5.0|Stunningly powerful movie which left me and my friends in a state of quiet and thoughtful contemplation even as the titles were concluding. A cautionary tale I guess set in Venice Beach,California about hate and  prejudice.Two common human traits of which none of us are innocent.<br />A  talented cast led by those two Edwardians,Norton and Furlong of a story  about a young neo nazi who is jailed for three years after the cold blooded  killing of a black man attempting to steal his car.This flashback scene is  not for the faint-hearted.He is unremorseful at first but eventually finds  his epiphany within the stark reality of the prison walls.Enough  said.<br />Despite the controversial nature of the film it does cut to the  core hard and fast.I especially liked the flashbacks in black&amp;white.An  often used device which works well here,as does the quote by Abraham  Lincoln towards the end,&quot;...we must not be enemies but  friends...&quot; Many critics have been scathing of the one dimensional  supporting characters and they may be right in that respect,Nortons  exceptional performance not withstanding but this still does not devalue it  from being one of the most critical and memorable films to come out of  hollywood for a long time.One of my top ten for this last decade of the  millenium and well deserved.
6303965415|5.0|For my money, this is absolutely the best Jane Austen adaptation ever done.  Unlike some other recent adaptations (&quot;Emma&quot;) where the aim seems to be to show beautiful people in lovely costumes surrounded by  lovely things, this movie actually wants to portray real people with real  emotions, whose clothes get dirty and hair gets windblown when they go for  long walks.<br />I loved that the director didn't cast &quot;Hollywood&quot;  types.  Amanda Root is perfect as Anne Elliot -- at the beginning faded,  tired and resigned to her fate as a spinster aunt who is everyone's  confidante, but who cannot confess her own feelings to anyone.  There is  such a wealth of expressions in her eyes and her subtle gestures.  And  Ciaran Hinds makes a dashing and handsome Captain Wentworth -- no wonder  all the ladies are in love with him!  The minor characters too are  priceless -- especially Sophie Thompson as Anne's hypochondriac sister,  Mary, and Corin Redgrave as the monstrously snobbish Sir Walter Elliott,  who has some of the funniest lines in the movie.<br />Highly recommended to  all true Jane Austen fans!
0375707972|1.0|I don't consider myself an insensitive boor, but I wanted to throw this book out the window!  Michael is nothing but an arrogant wimp.  Hannah is ashamed to be illiterate, so she'll take the rap for a horrendous crime  rather than admit she can't write?  Please!!  I read this only because it  was chosen by my local book club.  Don't waste your time or your money.   It's depressing with no redeeming qualities at all.
6304346107|5.0|This adaptation was FAR superior to the Hollywood version by Gwyneth Paltrow.  For one thing, Kate Beckinsale truly &quot;was&quot; Emma.  Intelligent, yet misguided, wanting to do the right thing, yet blinded by  her own prejudices.  This woman can act, unlike the &quot;other&quot; Emma,  plus she looked like my ideal version of Emma.  <br />The writing was much  closer to the book, particularly in the prominence of the Jane  Fairfax/Frank Churchill story, which was virtually ignored in the other  movie (maybe because the lovely Polly Walker who played Jane in the  Hollywood version was too much competition for Gwyneth Paltrow).  The  village and the sets also seemed much less fake-looking than in the  Hollywood film.  If you want to see a great adaptation of a beloved novel,  this is the one to pick.
0780622650|3.0|Lost in Space fans who loved the original show may not have been quite happy with this movie, (and some hated it) but this is a FUN movie with eye poping effects and a nice sense of humanity. That said, I wish the script  went through one or two more re-writes, to develop more 3 dimensonal  personality for the actors, and to clear up the story. However, I found  myself enjoying this movie alot. Visually stunning  and with a superb  surround sound mix. This is a MUST for anyone showing off a home theater  system. The actors all do a fine job, with kudos to mimi rogers and Gary  Oldman. The fans of the original show (I am one) should enjoy this movie.  Doing a film in the same tone as the campy TV series would have been a TRUE  disaster. This film, While by no means great, is great fun, and after  all...thats a fine accomplishment in itself.
6305470448|5.0|Do you like action? - it's here! Do you like romance? - it's here! Ilicit sex? - Yep! Comedy? - Believe it! This film was satisfying on every level.  Repeat viewings do not lessen the pleasure, but increase the understanding.    You don't have to know your Shakespeare to thouroughly enjoy this film,  but it helps.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I remember seeing this film so long ago, and unfortunately it has only been shown sporadically on the Disney Channel. The mix of Jim Henson and George Lucas at work with David Bowie and Jennifer Connelly in the lead  roles make this film enjoyable by people of all ages. It is still one of my  personal favorite movies of all time and only as I got older did I realize  there was much more to the film than magic and muppets... I hope someday to  take time from my other sites to create my own Labyrinth webpage again :)
6305132984|5.0|This is a milestone musical. In form and content sophistication it has yet to find a rival.  The music and scoring of Bernstein reveal genius, a genius he did not achieve in his serious orchestral works that followed.  A  young Sondhiem provides the lyrics.<br />The DVD is the best version I have  seen, and I have three previous, including the Criterion LD.  The sound in  surround really works this time (with DD), and the DVD minimization of red  chroma-noise is essential to this musical.<br />Jerome Robbins' choreography,  where the camera is equal to the dance, is a true wonder.  You could not do  anything near this level of craftsmanship on the stage.<br />I was only  disappointed in the re-casting of Sondhiem's lyrics, particularly in  'America,' no doubt for politically-correct reasons (and for this alone you  know you have an extraordinary piece of art).<br />Most of the music is intact  from the original, but several alterations were made to simplify rhythms  for the ensemble.<br />Just ignore the weak performances of the principals  (who are always miscast in productions of West Side Story because of the  incredible vocal demands).....<br />It is an American treasure.
0449911357|5.0|This book helps you to love life. The characters keep hoping and being optimistic throuout their lives, however troubled-stricken they are. The book is beautifly  written. I think that the motto of the book is love.  &quot;The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in  return.&quot;
6304458908|4.0|When my sister played this film for me, I thought 'Star Wars revisited??'  Fortunately, it is not a lame Star Wars.  Most people who hate this film expected (as Monty Python would say) something completely  different.<br />There are over-acted parts, etc.  But this is satire...with a  capital S.  Compared to recent Mel Brooks, it is refreshingly  inventive...<br />I thought the brains exploding at the singing of the Western  Music Yodeler was a riot!<br />And I don't normally like this kind of thing.   <br />It is more sophisticated and subtle than I think most people realize.   <br />See it twice.
0800141660|5.0|I, being a teenager had never heard of Jane Austen, but if this is the kind of stuff she wrote, I'm going to have to read all of her things. Actually I haven't read the book that this movie was taken from yet,  either. Anyway this is an awesome movie!! The charachter that impresses me  the deepest is Colonel Brandon (Alan Rickman) who certianly changes from  his typical bad guy (Sherrif of Notingham on Robin Hood Prince of Thieves)  and transforms(for this movie) to the best person you could hope for. Meek,  humble, compassionate, caring, I could go on and on! He never expected the  younger of the sisters (the one who caught his eye) to pay any attention to  him (and she didn't) He stood back and simply watched quietly, as she went  straight from meeting someone to a full fleged courtship,only to be dumped  cruelly(understatement of the year) by the one she adored! And guess what!  When she was heartbroken, he was there for her, without pushing himself  romantically on her in any way, or trying to &quot;win&quot; her. In the  end, after being so patient and unassuming, and doing nothing but good to  anyone, he gets his reward. See it if you haven't!!! It will touch you!!  The whole movie in all aspects is simply a BEAUTIFULL film that deserved  only the highest awards!
0788803743|5.0|There are many cultural problems with this story, but set those aside.  This is one of Menken's triumphs..nearly seamless music from one end to the other, all inventive and inventively scored.  These are not just set  pieces, but a web of sound woven to the story.  The animation is first  rate.  Mulan may have animation, but the total pales in comparison - the  music is awful.  Pocohontas is a triumph, much maligned by myopic critics  who see, watch box offices, and do not hear.
6303212379|5.0|This is a very good movie. For any of you who were in love with adventure you will love it! Ever dreamed of finding a pirate's treasure? Watch these kids fufill thier dreams. THIS IS ADRESSED TO THE REVIEWER RIGHT BEFORE ME  WHO SAID HE LIKED THE CHINEZE GUY. you may be interested to know that this  boy also played (when he was somewhat younger) on &quot;Indiana Jones and  the Temple of Doom) He was Indiana Jone's small sidekick &quot;Short  Stop&quot;  Cute Kid! cool movie
6305120706|1.0|This is no West Side Story.  It is no My Fair Lady.  This is no King and I.  It is no Chorus Line.<br />Webber's music is the most insipid tripe ever conceived.  Nothing he has written has a shred of originality.  <br />Nothing  can elevate this horrible mess to anything worth absorbing by the human  mind.
0679428887|3.0|I, like many of the other reviewers of this book, enjoyed Harris' previous efforts.  Those books have interesting plots, a descriptive style that is evocative, and strong characters.  Archangel has two of the three of those  elements.<br />I thought the basic premise of the book was intriguing.  Harris does a good job of reinforcing the premise by describing the setting  in very descriptive terms.  I've never been to Russia, so I can't say how  accurate his descriptions are.  But, I can say that he gave me a powerful  image of his version of Russia.<br />Where the book falls short is in its  lack of characterization.  None of the characters rise above the level of a  stereotype.  The Russian men are portrayed as either drunks or schemers.  The reporter is depicted as an amoral, shallow opportunist.  But the worst  depiction is reserved for the object of the search in the book, who  primarily speaks in old Communist Party speeches.  While I understood that  Harris was trying to portray the effects of brainwashing on this character,  it instead came across as confusion as to how to handle him on the author's  part.<br />Archangel feels like a good first draft that was rushed into print  in order to meet a contract deadline.  The elements are there for a great  story.  But, it needs some more work before it can match the level of  Harris' other books.
0446310786|5.0|I had heard so many great things about this book I decided to read it.I was absolutely stunned!I couldn't put it down.The characters were incredibly real.Scout was especially realistic,and was very easy to relate  to.   This book has a little of everything in it.It is  funny,interesting,enticing,and emotional.It also displays discrimination in  the South in an excellent way.I think anyone who likes reading would enjoy  this awesome book,so I recommend you to give it a shot!!!!
0380789019|5.0|George Lucas once said that a story is only as effective as its villian, and Neil Gaiman certainly took that to heart!  Let me star by saying that I LOVED this book, and I hated to see it end.  The setting is brilliant, the  puns clever, the characters were unforgettable and I can only hope this is  the start of a series that Mr. Gaiman plans on continuing.  The highlight  however, for me, were the villians Mr. Croup and Mr. Vandemar.   Two rogues  so ghastly and vile, so audaciously disgusting that most other antagonist  from best sellers pale by comparison.  My hats off to you, Mr. Gaiman, you  have created a masterpiece!
B0000025RI|5.0|After &quot;Off The Wall,&quot; Michael Jackson released this masterpiece album. I remember when it first came out, I knew something special was about tohappen to him when &quot;Billie Jean&quot; was sent out to radio  stations, right after &quot;The Girl Is Mine&quot; (his duet with Paul  McCartney) as the first single. MTV added the &quot;Billie Jean&quot; clip  and change forever pop music. &quot;Thriller spawned hit after hit singles:  &quot;Beat It,&quot; &quot;Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'&quot;, the title  song, and more. 1983 definitely belongs to him as the year to  &quot;remember the time&quot; of Michael Jackson.
0440219078|5.0|After the first boring pages you almost cannot put it aside . It is set in a strange world where everything is predetermined . At first it seems to be an interesting way of life but more and more you get to know how it really  is . The book is writen very realistic because you think , that you are a  part of the action . It is only a pity that at the end there are still so  many questions left. But all in all I have to say : Read it or you will  regret it !!
0790735172|5.0|What can I say about this movie? Not only is it one of the greatest martial arts films of all time, it's star is one of the greatest martial artists of the 20th century. Lee is in true form, taking out opponents with  amazing speed and power.  His burning stare and fierce ki-aps would  dishearten anybody. The movie itself is well-acted, and the plot is  semi-believable, if not a bit cliched. I would recommend picking this up  for your collection. Two interesting side notes: Jackie Chan was a stuntman  in this movie. Look for him in the underground fight sequences. He gets his  neck broken by Bruce as well as gets bludgeoned in the face by Bruce's  double Kali sticks. Also, the final battle sequence between Han's warriors  and the black clad prisoners is real. Most of the extras were members of  Chinese street gangs and took the opportunity to settle old scores. The  fights continued long after the cameras stopped rolling.
1573225517|3.0|This book seemed to defy all others that I had read.  The beginning was terribly slow, and I began to wonder why I should continue.  But I slogged through and soon found the book to be humorous and quick-moving.  Just when  I thought I really liked the book, it ended.  It wasn't a very satisfying  ending - it was one of those endings where I flipped the page to see if  there was more because it didn't seem like a good place to end a  novel.<br />The book is worth it for the middle parts.  In my opinion, one of  the funniest passages I have read in recent times involves the main  character, a college drop-out, at a dinner party with a group of  college-educated professionals.  The other scene that made me laugh was the  main character's afternoon out with his parents at the movies.  Any single  adult who has attended the movies with his or her parents and survived can  relate to this scene.  I also liked the summary of the four types of people  in the world:  &quot;happily coupled, unhappily coupled, single, or  desparate.&quot;  That seems to say it all.  With zingers like this, the  middle of the book seemed to be a male version of &quot;Bridget Jones'  Diary.&quot;<br />But then, of course, was the terrible ending that ruined a  perfectly good middle.<br />Hornby is a humorous writer who vividly and  accurately depicts what it is like to be 30 and single.  However, his other  novel, &quot;About a Boy,&quot; is a much better all-around story.
6303481345|5.0|Wow. People either really loved or really hated this movie. Personally, I thought it was great. True, there is sex and gore, but that's typical of an anime. The story line is good and the animation is excellent. For those out  there who thought that this movie was mysogynistic, keep in mind that the  Japanese have different attitudes towards sex and women than Americans do.  Being a student of Japanese language and culture myself, I have to contend  that this movie is very Japanese. No American film would have a female whos  technique is to poison you if you sleep with her.
0767803434|4.0|Although the airplane in the movie is nothing like the actual Air Force One, the public will never know the difference.  I found several parts of the movie hard to believe such as when the terrorists took over the  airplane just as it landed and they zig-zagged across the field just  missing other aircraft and buildings then taking off at the last moment to  avoid a catastrophie.  Harrison Ford is outstanding in this movie and it  all comes together in the end when the &quot;good guys&quot; win.
079213690X|5.0|First of all, this movie was not historically accurate. Second of all, WHO CARES? This should stand on it's own as a superb film about love,revenge,and death. Mel Gibson does an excellent job of portraying  William Wallace,and the fight sequences are fierce and disturbingly  realistic. This movie has it all, and for the nay-sayers who complain and  whine about accuracy, shut up and go watch the History Channel.
0446605409|5.0|This book's characters were real people; they were sarcastic, funny and they had weaknesses!(Gasp!) I laughed out loud MANY times at John Corey's thoughts and the banter between characters.  So many detective novels  feature macho men who have unbelievable, superhuman abilities, but John  Corey is a REAL macho man.
0060920084|4.0|The Lost Continent is Bill Bryson's account of his random wanderings through America.  It's important to take note of exactly who Bryson is; he's an Anglophile who lived for 20 years in England, and he's also a  native of Iowa.  This book is exactly what you'd expect from a man like  that.<br />Bryson searches for small town perfection and, for the most part,  fails to find it.  (This is not surprising; he has made a career out of  disappointment.  He obtained similar results on a tour of England, and he  loves *that* county.)  Instead, he finds modern America: strip malls,  shopping centers, and truck stops interspersed with occasional historic  landmarks and scenes of great beauty.<br />The author states in the beginning  of the book that his journey was inspired by the death of his father.   Bryson describes his father as a tight-fisted, irrascible man constantly in  search of (free) historic monuments.  Although Bryson spends a good chunk  of time making fun of his father, his narrative is stunning support for  theories of genetics.  Bryson whines about the cost of motels ($30 - $40),  rants about the cost of admission to tourist attractions ($2.50 - $15.00,  for the most part), and shows a remarkable ability to seek out the dullest  portions of any town.<br />This is a humorous look at the parts of America  that most Americans are smart enough to avoid.  The narrative just brings  you a little too close to an author who seems to have made it his life's  work to be just slightly more irritable and irrational than the next guy.
B000000W9Z|5.0|This is the return of a darker, brooding Thin White Duke.  Bowie is at his creative peak here, owing more to William S. Burroughs's &quot;Naked Lunch&quot; than any specific musical influence.  Guitar god Reeves Gabrels  and sound pioneer Eno are also along for the ride into a modern Wasteland.   This album is a revved-up garage-funk meditation on the consequences of  Sadean freedom and omnipresent technology.  This album is more literary  than musical.  The structure resembles a cut-up novel, where fragmentation  and atrocity reign in a labyrinthine urban nightmare city.  Think a  conceptually epic &quot;Diamond Dogs&quot;, only dealing with the  consequences of freedom and the limits of art (murder?).  Buy it.  And dare  to explore the dark side of Ziggy Stardust's psyche.
157492589X|2.0|This series originally ran over 6 hours. On this version, they've chopped it down to four, then condensed it on one tape. It looks like something you would dub at home.
0393307050|3.0|master and commander is the best in the series.  the books that follow gradually transform the saga into a string of thinly-disguised romance novels -- most of which i was unable to finish.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The Matrix blows every other movie away in so many aspects, it is incredible.  And to top it all off, the movie is actually making fun of every movie ever made.  In the subway fight scene when Agent Smith and Neo  jump at each other, the movie is actually mocking the Japanese Samurai  movies that have the exact same fight moves.  Ingenious!
B00000IONU|4.0|Luck got me to listen to it while shopping. And  what luck! This is really  good genuine rock, unpolished and inspired. I will be waiting for the  second album.<br />I told you, refreshing!
0812589041|1.0|I realize that absolutely everyone reviewing this book simply loved it. I wanted to love it too, but for the life of me couldn't figure out the attraction. It was not a bad book, but it was by no means a great one,  either. Perhaps I don't have a deep enough appreciation for  science-fiction. But in my mind, there was very little sci-fi to this tale  - it was a military technical manual - nothing more, nothing less. There  were a few attempts at humanity with Peter the bad brother and Valentine  the good sister, but I couldn't help but think that there are episodes of  the Simpsons where Bart and Lisa are more engaging than these two. In the  introduction, Card explains how the idea first appeared as a short story in  Analog Magazine. Perhaps it should have stayed in that form. But no -  that's not the way the publishing world works. Instead we have three  sequels and the newest so-called `companion novel' - essentially the same  story told from Bean's point of view. Companion novel?? What's next? Gone  with the Wind through the eyes of the Tarleton Twins? Misery through the  eyes of Annie Wilke's pet pig??
0385493800|5.0|Grisham's comparison of good vs. greed is amazing in it's focus and clarity.  Finally, fiction with a higher goal than mere entertainment!  And in attaining that goal, action, intrigue and fine prose are not sacrificed.  Rachel Lane is a heroine in every sense of the word.  Grisham's treatment of Christianity is a relief in today's  anti-Christian society.  This novel left me feeling hopeful about the good  things that still exist in the world today.  Having read all of Grisham's novels, I rate  this one as his best so far!  This is a novel I will read again and again.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie is by far one of the best movies I have ever seen
B000000WHH|5.0|We can't get albums better than this.  From the breakdance hit &quot;It's  A Miracle&quot;, to the flashy &quot;Karma Chameleon&quot;, and jumping to  the tamala- motown sound of &quot;Church of the Poison Mind,&quot; we all  can have a party on the street.  We also can't forget the soul of the  album, such as &quot;Black Money&quot;, &quot;Changing Everyday&quot;, and  &quot;That's the Way (I'm only trying to help you).&quot;  These are the  soul songs , despite &quot;This Time-- The First Four Years&quot; in 1987,  that are missing from the group's U.S. greatest hits albums .  We can never  get bored of the voices of George and Helen Terry together.  Let's not  forget other fun tunes like &quot;Mister Man&quot;,  &quot;Stormkeeper&quot;, and &quot;Miss Me Blind&quot;.  And we'll never  forget the dark, but wonderful ballad, &quot;Victims.&quot;  This beats  Michael Jackson's &quot;Thriller&quot; and Prince's &quot;Purple  Rain.&quot;  These were popular at the time as well, but those albums don't  come to the mark of &quot;Colour by Numbers.&quot;  Those albums take time  to warm up to, while all the songs aren't that hot.  &quot;Colours&quot; is  so flashy you get right into the music, danceable pop or soul.  That's  another reason this album is the best of the 1980's, and possibly the best  of all time.  Not many groups make albums with pop and soul where every  song should get a prize.  The 1980's would have been nothing without  Culture Club.  That is why they were the greatest and still are.  Music  will never be as great as this.
630027179X|4.0|One of the most compelling treatments of the Arthurian legend, Excalibur traces the classic tale through the birth and rise of Arthur, creation of the Round Table, the fall from grace, and final redemption of the Holy  Grail and battle with Mordred. <br />Boorman spared little effort to create a  visually rich tapestry, but this was the film's undoing; example, as they  at dinner around the Round Table in full armor, the knights look more like  a 12-pack of Coors Silver Bullets that brave knights. <br />Still, the film  uses symbolism powerfully and effectivly, such as the land being reborn as  Arthur rides past.<br />Great performances by Patrick Steward, Nicol  Williamson, and Helen Mirren as Morgana. <br />If you love the Arthurian  legend, you'll love Excalibur.
B00000JZC4|2.0|Usually it takes about 4 albums for a band like Filter to become stale and boring, they managed to do it in 2.
0684867621|4.0|I have to admit since reading &quot;Tommy Knockers&quot; I have had a difficult time even considering getting back into a SK &quot;Politico-Novel&quot; all that glow in the dark stuff regarding  N-power took too much away from what we all like the scarry stuff...but  this one is very well written once you get past the 3 dudes on the bank of  the stream. Give it a try if you ready to see a more mature King.
B00000K29E|5.0|Smoke a joint and listen to this cd and have some FUN.&quot;light is  faster than sound&quot;
B000002U82|5.0|The difference between 'popular' and 'classical music'; the difference between music that's a waste of time and music that stands the test of time is 'structural integrity'. Therefore, if music has structure, if its  structure is beautiful in new and interesting ways, then it is a classical  work. Furthermore, the more powerful its structure, the greater a classical  work it is. There are few more powerful classical works than 'Dark Side of  the Moon'.  Buy it. Enjoy it.  Again and again. I did and do.
B000002UWF|5.0|The new swing bands are good, but nothing compares to Louis Prima. This album is quintessential Louis at his best. Perhaps with the exception of &quot;Beep Beep&quot;, the whole album is great from start to finish. It's  the kind of animated swing that makes you want to jump up and dance. If you  want to burn calories, buy this album.
B000006NUW|5.0|every song I can remember. I've been looking for a  motown collection for a long time and this is the best I've seen. Couldn't find one better. Whats great about these classics is the whole family can enjoy them and the box  set simply lets you play great music preformed by great artists on and on.
B00000099Y|2.0|What the hell . . .there's GOT to be someone out there that doesn't like this band.  Aenima has two good songs - Die Eire Von Satan and Stinkfist.  The rest of it is average heavy radio grunge, nothing more.  These guys are  out to shock rather than musically impress.  To me, if you've heard one of  their songs, you've heard 'em all.  It amazes me that people consider these  guys &quot;deep and emotionally moving&quot;.  I find them fairly one  dimensional; a band like Mr. Bungle outclasses these guys in originality  AND depth by light years.  It also amazes me that people call this band  &quot;metal&quot;.  Every song from Undertow and Aenima is the same riff  played in a different time signature.  Then again, this is the nineties,  the only decade that's musically WORSE than the eighties.  With so much  garbage out there, no one from this unadventurous generation is motivated  to explore groups that crush this sorry band and no one wants to.
B00000JPH5|5.0|Wow!  They have finally done it.  They have released it out on video again.  My constant nagging, my letters sent day and night, my daily phonecalls and my constant Emails have paid off.  I will now be able to own  the film of the millenium on video once and for all!!!  Glory to those who  have released it.  We shall all bow down.
B000007WQB|4.0|This is the music you have heard in countless elevators and department stores - and it never sounded better.  Bacharach's music was deceptively simple-sounding while containing tricky key changes and sharps and flats.   Dionne navigates it all as if she were singing a children's tune.  Pure  '60's and early '70's!  Great for a theme party!
0671578278|5.0|Miles lovers will really get a kick out of this book. It has the cultural insights and a lot of humor!  Great addition to the series!
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby rocks! Don't stop cranking out the music, Moby! from the original Mill City . . .
B000002UA0|5.0|Bursting from the late 60's underground scene, the Pink Floyd released this classic of British Psych just before their leading light, Syd Barrett found the pressures of the music scene too much. With psych work outs such  as Pow R Tor H and Interstella Overdrive, Floyd laid down the blueprint for  prog rock to follow with jams built around a riff taken to the extreme.  With songs such as Bike, Barrett mixed the English music hall traditional  with his own drug induced world view to create a soundscape never to be  repeated. A must for a fan of great British music. Ross Hamilton
0800121260|5.0|There's a mean idea at this movie that for me justifies it all and is clearly verbalized sometimes: that  heroism is at last a form of stupidity or  madness. Sure, madness or stupidity have his peculiar greatness, but we  can't cheat ourselves Dustin Hoffmann knows it very well and also what's  real life, in his case, really unstable and sordid, but perhaps as all of  us, he has these rare property capable of elevate and dignify one life at  least for one time even in spite of manipulated tv and news. All in this  film rounds over this idea and  makes a good film different of the  customary cinema of today.
0553269631|5.0|I will forever treasure this book. I only wish I had discovered Carson McCullers 20 years ago while an eager English Lit student ... what an inspiration it would have been to know back then that a fellow 23-year old  had written such a wise, compelling novel. The cast of characters in  &quot;The Heart is a Lonely Hunter&quot; will stay with me forever.
6305075468|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite movies. It's a million times more atmospheric (scary and eerie) than anything they can make now. 1921 may be a very long time ago, but this is still one of the best films ever made.  Period. -In any genre !. It holds up today, and it always will, I'm sure.  It never seem to lose any of its power; in fact it only gains with time. In  many ways, the movie is very much like a vampire itself. -It may look worn,  but it never dies. Just think what we would've missed, had they really  destroyed all the copies back then. By the way, why is this version only 64  minutes long, when there's also a 90 minute German version in existence ?.
B00000K19E|5.0|For years I've been wondering what happened to originality in sci fi movies.  Since Blade Runner and the original Terminator, both early 1980's, nothing has come close to sparking the imagination like those two.  Event  Horizon tried but fell short.  BUT NOW.... All hail the new king!  The  Matrix just blew me away.  I went back the next day just to make sure I  didn't dream it was that good.  It may not be for everyone, but those that  appreciate it know what it will mean to the future of the genre.
0380973464|5.0|Wow.  This large book was amazing.  It had cutting edge tech, interesting perspectives on history, and an eclectic group of characters.  While the ending was better than Neal Stephenson's other works, I still found it  abrupt.  Every fifty or so pages, there would be an egregious typo that  made me question the quality of the book, but the content far made up for  any small errors.  I highly recommend this book, though it may seem daunting at  first.
B0000019PA|5.0|This is one of the best recordings I've heard in a long, long time.  If there's a comparison it's to Doolittle, and that's saying something.  While the Pixies record has more great songs, I find &quot;In the Aeroplane&quot;  even more consistent.  Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful music.
B000002ADT|5.0|This is generally considered to be the definitive jazz record, much like the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band tends to top critics and fans lists as the best rock LP ever (though as of late, REVOLVER has been  moving up in the ranks and has been aging better than Pepper.) Unlike the  Beatles classic, which was meticulously assembled  over an unprecedented  period of months in the studio, Kind of Blue is the result of  improvisational genius and the one-take ethos. So if you're looking for a  rock comparison (which I seriously doubt) it's more akin to Bob Dylan, who  recorded many of his classics including &quot;Like a Rolling Stone&quot;  and &quot;Lay, Lady, Lay&quot; in a take or two. Nevertheless, Kind of  Blue's reputation is well deserved; it's almost the ultimate music boiled  down to its most essential elements. I can't imagine a time when it won't  sound completely fresh. My favorite track is Freddie the Freeloader.
0688158129|5.0|I found this book just yesterday at the bookstore where I work.  It looked a bit interesting so I decided to read it.  I am now finished with it, less than 24 hours after starting it.  This is by far one of the better books  I've read in the past year.  It is gripping, it really makes you think  about what you are reading.  I won't paraphrase the story, everyone else  has done that, I will just say that this book is definitely worth the money  you will spend on it.  I will buy the hardbound version so I can add it to  my collection!
B000002N2Z|5.0|This is a great CD that really shows the diversity of this Sacramento,CA bands influences, everywhwere from Depeche Mode to Bad Brains. There is a lot of melodic undertones to this otherwize heavy record. You can really  feel the emotion that Chino is putting into the vocals, whether he's  screaming or rapping, or singing. All in all, Stephs riffs are great, and  Chi complements them with his bass. Abe brings them together on drums, and  Frank adds the occasional ambient sound, but the real genius in this band  is that they're the best at the same time, all 5 members are vital to the  sound.
0783229011|5.0|I'd like to add my voice to the chorus here. :
B00000J7J4|5.0|I love this album. This shakes the house and makes me scream I want more. I will have this CD forever. I suggest that you listen to some of the samples and realize how good it really sounds. Did I say I loved the CD?
0393039765|5.0|This one's a winner, through and through...I read it in one sitting with nary a notice of the outside world. Any attempt to explain the plot or the significance of the book would spoil it for newcomers...so I won't. Take my  word for it, though: Chuck Palahniuk is the heir apparent to J. G. Ballard!
B000002ADT|1.0|In this inflated rating system, five stars is mediocre and undeserved by  this, possibly the most magnificent recording of our century. Art blah blah  blah incredible blah blah blah unparalleled... If you do not own this  album, you are indescribably dull-witted and care nothing for your body and  soul. Give the thing a thousand stars, and you would still be laughed at on  Olympus. <br />(I have been reading reviews online and have become embittered.  Forgive me. But still, listen to this album if you have not. And listen  again. And again. Which is to say, possess it.)
6305426651|5.0|Life is Beautiful is perhaps the finest movie ever made.  What Roberto Benigni's character did for his son was so amazing.  I left that movie both sad and happy, the way that great movies are meant to make you feel!
B00000IOSU|5.0|As a long time Sarah McLachlan fan, this, in my opinion, is her best project yet.  'Hold On', 'Adia' &amp; 'Building A Mystery' are my favorite titles, but the whole project is awesome.  With a voice like hers, coupled  with her back-up singers and incredible band, Sarah is THE #1 artist out  there right now!!  Can't wait for her next project!
6305499365|5.0|I am a 56 year old railroad clerk and this is the funniest movie that I have ever seen.  Go rent it now and buy it from Amazon when the price drops.  it has everything from the inane and insane co-workers to the anal  retentive bosses that we all know and hate.  Simply the best comedy, ever.
0064471837|5.0|Sabriel is the daughter of Abhorsen...born in the Old Kingdom, raised in a normal world.  A first in magic makes her think she's prepared to voyage into the Old Kingdom in search of her father, who is trapped in death.  She  is soon proved wrong.  But after many scrapes, true love, and other amusing  events, Sabriel manages quite well, in the end.  Masterfully told by Garth  Nix, one of the best books I have ever read.  BUY THIS BOOK!!!!
B000001FSR|5.0|Personally, I think Tom out-did himself with this one.  FRANK'S WILD YEARS is a beautiful peice of art work.  It is the Essential Tom Waits CD/album/tape.  This is his best work.
0671578278|5.0|Although the book was a bit slow in setting up the story, the wait was worth it!  I have already read it 3 times.  I can't wait to see where the story goes next.....as Gregor would say &quot;let's see what happens&quot;
0880389052|5.0|Drizzt Do'Urden was a really interesting character to read about.  He is exactly the kind of hero I like....  brave, trustworthy, compassionate and so unlike the rest of his evil race.  Drizzt is a young dark elf who is  different than his peers because he is caring and compassionate while other  drow (short for dark elves) are evil and chaotic.  He decides he has to  leave his home, Menzoberranzen, so he can still uphold all his principles.  This book is continued in Exile, the second of the series.
6305358567|4.0|Elizabeth tech't me more about Queen Elizabeth 1. The story is great.If you like history about England you will love this
B00000IL1K|4.0|Although I could have done without another version of the most overrated song of the century (that godawful Titanic song), this cd shows that Time to Say Goodbye was not an anomaly.  I find Brightman's voice sweet -  ethereal, but it could use more depth.  Truly operatic she is not, but it's  nice background music at work or while reading.  I still say, what I  wouldn't give to be able to hit those notes so clearly...
B000002H1T|3.0|It's not that &quot;Heartbeat City&quot; is a bad album - it's really quit...ummm perfect.  Too perfect in fact.  It sounds like a computer did most of the work here - and while that's okay for Devo and Tangerine Dream,  this is THE CARS after all.<br />There's no heart in this album - anywhere.   While it is full of singles (I think there was 5 from this album) not one  of them will have any lasting value in 10-15 years.<br />&quot;Heartbeat  City&quot; might be the best song on here and that's not saying much -  although &quot;Drive&quot; isn't such a bad song - it just doesn't sound  like The Cars.
B000002505|3.0|It was pretty intense when I heard it back then, and it's even more intense now that guitarists are no longer our heros du jour.<br />I think it was Frank Zappa who quipped about Santana's one string guitar solos, and on  this album you can hear what he meant.  Carlos bites his lip, throws his  head back and trashes a few tortoises-worth of plectrums on that e-string   while John comps beatifically (and more interestingly) in the background.   Then it's time for Mahivishnu to take his turn, and his handful of  effortless notes say it all - humour, intelligence, inventiveness, variety  beautifully crafted together while Carlos sweats it on that  string.<br />McLaughlin is divine, Santana is human and even a superficial  listening of this album shows it.  Yet somehow, it has been Carlos who  figured out how to put his limited wares together into something enjoyable,  while his holiness rarely manages to craft his gems into a perfect piece -  &quot;Blue in Green&quot; (&quot;Festival Hall&quot;) being an outstanding  exception.<br />Love Devotion and Surrender has some wonderful moments, the  organ and percussion are worth listening out for and the whole album will  stand as a magnificent testament to a certain spirit at a certain time.
B000002N25|5.0|This is a fantastic album.  Knopfler can flat-out write touching music,  rocking music and appropriate music.  The man is a musical genius, plain  and simple.<br />If you are a fan of Dire Straits, there are plenty of DS-type  songs on this album including &quot;Imelda&quot; which I can see being a  minor hit; &quot;Vic and Ray&quot; has definate possibilities - but  Knopfler backed off of it for some reason.  &quot;Cannibals&quot; is a  &quot;Walk of Life&quot; type song but with cajun instruments, it's really  a neat little song. &quot;I'm the Fool&quot; is a nice country song - very  nice actually, as Knopfler sings pretty well on that one.<br />The 2 best  songs on the album though are &quot;Rudiger&quot; (about an autograph hound  who won't leave him alone, and it will remind you of &quot;Planet of New  Orleans&quot; or &quot;Private Investigations&quot;) and the gem of the  album id &quot;Golden Heart&quot; which might be in the top 5 songs  Knopfler has ever written.  Too bad he can't sing the song as he had to  write the song in a low key and it's really made to be sung a bit higher.   I predict someone will take this song and make it a #1 hit some day.  It's  that good.<br />Overall the writing on this album is sensational and the songs  vary drastically from one song to the next.  The CD is packed full of  music; you'll get your money's worth.  If Mark could only sing...
B000001GBJ|5.0|As one casually floats on the waters of the Chesapeake Bay, please listen to this sublime collection of melodic pleasure.  It is truly spiritual.  Just try it!
B000002LQQ|5.0|Why?  Because it's simply another facinating, diverse album.  Knopfler may have not made any money with this album but it's excellent and I listen to it all the time.<br />You won't find a better song than &quot;You and Your  Friend&quot; a very dark, sexual song, fueled my Mark's grainy voice, his  exceptional work with the Dobro and his nasty guitar.  You can hear every  Knopfler breath and the slide and guitar are seperated stereophonically (I  suggest to represent his 2 friends).  It's a symphony of sex and if you  listen closely...man, that's some masterful writing!<br />This album is loaded  with ironical pieces - but as someone already pointed out, this is the  crossover album for Mark's excellent solo album.  I don't expect he'll ever  make another one, but who knows.  This is fascinating stuff.
B00000K19E|4.0|The matrix was an extremely entertaining film.  The key was this for me:  In todays motion picture industry, it seems that George Lucas's ILM can make anything appear before our eyes, but in the Matrix-the effects  actually seem original and groundbreaking.  The plot was not as good as  Reeves's &quot;The Devil Advocate&quot; but was certainly above average for  a film of this genre.  I give it four stars, with a recommendation to  anyone except those rediculous nitpicky reviewers that compare everything  to the best movies in history.
B000002KYB|5.0|This is really a crafted piece of workmanship byt the group.  The writing is at times sincere, funny, soft and hard but always pure gold.  It's hard to pick a favorite DS album and I am hesitant to do so, but this one is so  crisp and fresh at every listen, it's hard not to pick it as perhaps the  best of the bunch.
B000005DQR|5.0|If you dont have DJ Shadow, and you like to chill out to the sounds of the  best mixer out there, this is a must get.  Whenever a party is gettin on  the chill side, I throw Endtroducing in the player, and it keeps the night  goin' till daybreak.  Get all of his albums, you wont regret it one bit.
B000002L7G|5.0|MK and Dire Straits hit the world-wide big time; but they didn't sell out to do so, instead, Knopfler wrote a bunch of really decent ditties and exploited the fools who love videos (a common Knopfler trait is to make fun  of a very rigid society and did so at his best with &quot;Money for  Nothing&quot;).<br />You can't find a song on here that isn't pristine; you  will find Knopfler searching for his musical roots and in the process finds  world-wide acceptance for his superior writing, guitar and slide guitar -  and garned himself a bunch of DS fans for life.
B000002513|5.0|This album emphasises the band.  Bruce uses the whole band together to  generate a sound that leaves you in awe.  Rosalita brings you to your knees  with its power and emotion.  I quote my friend Johnny...&quot;I now  understand why you love his music.&quot;  Essential listening for any music  lover...especially post Born in the USA Bruce fans!
0140177396|3.0|We were asked to do a research project of John Steinbeck, the author of &quot;Of Mice and Men,&quot; so I have some knowledge of his background and life.  I personally felt that he could have done a lot more with this book,  even though everyone in the US (practically) read it.  The characters, to  me, lacked a personal touch, and even though Lennie and George traveled and  lived together, there was something missing in their relationship, along  with their relationship to everyone else in the book.  They lacked a  closeness, a togetherness.  The story to, me also felt like it was held  together by just a few plot &quot;enhancers.&quot;  Although Steinbeck  described the setting and plot thoroughly, to me it lacked a past, present  and future.  &quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; did hold my interest and kept me  reading past our deadline.  I would recommend this book to a reader that  doesn't want to get too &quot;involved&quot; with the book.
B000002MUW|5.0|I just bought this today, and WOW!  I can't tell you how many times I've  listened to &quot;Take A Bow&quot; already, and I do not intend to stop.   It will rank as one of my very favorite songs by Madonna (but there are  several of them.)  The rest of the songs are all very good also, I really  like &quot;Survival&quot;, &quot;Don't Stop&quot;, and &quot;Human  Nature&quot; but they're all really great.  The album reminds me a bit of  the RAY OF LIGHT album, which is of course a very good thing.   (&quot;Frozen&quot; is a bit like this album's &quot;Secret&quot;, for  example.)  Every Madonna fan should pick up this album!  Madonna, you've  done very well...take a bow!
B00000J7J4|4.0|I think this CD has a little something for everybody. I don't give it a 5 star because to me a 5 star rating would go to Santana III (5 stars +) or Moonflower. I have been a Santana fan since 1969 and although I didn't  necessarily like every song that he ever recorded, or every album for that  matter (and how often do we really buy an album that is not a Greatest  Hits,that we can honestly say, that we love every cut on it) I have  remained a loyal fan. This Supernatural cd reminds me why. Carlos playing  is definetly a 5 star plus. The only other guitar player with that tone is  his brother Jorge who you can listen to on the Santana album  &quot;Brothers&quot; or look up Malo. By the way Malo's first album is  definitely a 5 star plus, this album was recorded almost 30 years ago but  it will blow you away today. Craig Chaquico of the Starship reminded me of  that tone also and so did the guitar player for an early 70's band call El  Chicano. I like most of the songs here, specially &quot;Corazon  Espinado&quot;(great guitar work) and Smooth. Whether this cd was a way for  him to explore other styles or to introduce his music to a new audience, it  was done very nicely. Personally I think the reason I don't give it a 5  star is because I still relish the Santana of old (call it nostalgia if you  wish) but regardless this is a great CD, better than most of the stuff that  is out there today.
6304711905|5.0|I have never watched a movie with so many great lines.  Val Kilmer is fantastic as Doc Holiday, and Kurt Russel tremendous as Wyatt Earp.
B00000IL1K|4.0|Great voice, outstanding range, ONLY the orchestra drowned out her effort to get across some excellent lyrics. &quot; Eden &quot; would have been excellent if the orchestra had been playing on a different sound stage.  I  would love to hear a remix with her voice more outfront.  All in all I will  play it daily as I do &quot;Time To Say Goodbye&quot;. I am Sarah Brightman  fan who just recently discovered this amazing talent.  If angels sang they  would surely sound like Sarah.
0399143904|4.0|This is a good book, don't get me wrong.  But its plot is errily similar to the Hugh Grant/Gene Hackman thriller &quot;Extreme Measures&quot;.  A group of crazy enviromentalists are kidnapping bums and women off the  streets of New York and experimenting on them so they can kill the world by  spreading a super strain of Ebola.  Yawn..... The action sequences make up  for an un-Clancyish plot (most of his other books could happen in real  life).  While entertaining,this book is not for people who need to read  about a person dying every  page.  I would recommend this to First time  readers of Clancy.
0446310786|4.0|To Kill a Mockingbird was one of the few school books that I really enjoyed.  It was a little hard to understand when I first started it, mainly because of the southern accent, and the widespread characters, but  the book transmitted such a clear and precise meaning and definition of  human society and our depiction of certain individuals, that it hooked me  by the second chapter.  This book was different than the others that I have  read in the past because of it's clear preception of ourselves.
0792156684|4.0|I would have given it three-and-a-half, but four will be my call. Leo was a bit shrill, Winslett charming.(And thankfully, a touch on the fuller side. Getting tired of all those anorexic actresses.) Billy Zane was a  little overdone as the villian, sometimes seeming to lean toward the  melodramatic in his acting, but still, all and all, a solid shift of work  from him. Hopefully, he will only get better. The supporting cast supported  efficiently, reminding the viewer of similar movies and acting styles from  the thirties. The big star, though, were the special effects, done in  spellbinding fashion, especially on DVD with a digital home theater to  bring out the complementary sound. I had not watched it until the DVD was  released for rent, and I'm glad I did. Great picture and sound, even the  psuedo-Enya soundtrack. Worth a watch, even if I don't think it is  &quot;Best Picture&quot; material. (Can't really criticize on that score,  as I didn't see the other nominated films.)
0385493800|4.0|Grisham once again weaves a masterful tale which uses the law profession as its framework.  However, this novel is different for it doesn't focus on a fast-paced gripping lawyer-driven plot.  He develops his characters much  better in this novel than in most of his other works and uncovers a quest  for authenticity that we all crave. In that way it is reminscent of his  prior novel The Street Lawyer.  Nevertheless, this book is a page turner.   I couldn't put it down unless I was consulting an atlas.  I like the change  of focus the author is making.  I recommend it for those who value meaning  in life and who are truly looking for it.
B000002LVB|5.0|Why does Loaded get such backlash?  I love this record.  Maybe all you critics would be happier listening to Nico's solo albums.
B0000009UX|5.0|I have listened to EC for more years than I care to count...and this is it.  It isn't the early harsh pop, but it isn' quite the poetry and resignation of the later albums.  It is the best showcase for his talent.   EC at his best.
B00000255F|5.0|Born to Run was the apex of the early Springsteen years - his most refined articulation musically and lyrically of the sound he brought to life in his first two albums (&quot;Greetings ...&quot; and &quot;The Wild, The  Innocent ...&quot;).  In a sense, this album was graduation, as his later  works &quot;Darkness ...&quot; et al, (still fantastic) addressed life from  a grittier, more adult-like, less romantic vision.  An album that is still  fresh 25 years later and still relevant to anyone who has stuggled with the  angst and wonder of growing up.
0767805712|5.0|I'm not going to try to tell the whole story of Gattaca, or give some scholarly critique of the film.  I just would like to go on recard as saying this is a very engaging film. It was well written, welll acted and I  found myself caring about, or at least respecting ( in the case of Alan  Arkin's character) the people in this film. I was glad I rented it, and  amazed and disapointed I missed it on the big screen.
6304698526|4.0|This is the first time I have ever seen this flick, and it definetley lives up to all the praise I have read about it. McQueen is very very cool in this film. I have to say that the car chase is an absolute hoot! To  think that they were really driving down the streets of San Fran at more  than 115 mph!!! It was indeed a great car chase, and has obviously served  as a blueprint for all future car chases to come. While it's true that the  car chase is a little tame by todays standards (&quot;Ronin&quot; raised  the bar in car chases in my opinion) it still packs a mighty wallop. As for  the rest of the movie it was fun and had a great cast (Robert Vaughn was  terrific!), but it was a pretty standard story with nothing paritcularly  original about it. No big deal though, I had a great time watching this  film, and that's all that matters. The DVD edition is handled very well,  with several fun little extras thrown in (including a cheesy little  featurete from '68.) The picture and sound are terrific and sharp. A great  buy!
B000002L9J|5.0|Realmente este es el mejor disco obtenido por este  excelente grupo,  dificilmente superado y considerado por la critica mundial como uno de los  mejores discos de todos los tiempos. Realmente escuchar a morrissey estas  interpretaciones es todo un placer.......enjoy it!
B000000W5N|5.0|Rolling Stones=Greatest rock and roll band ever.  This album is 47 minutes of nonstop rock, raunch, rythym, and blues.  The album kicks off with the ringing chords of 'Brown Sugar' and never dies down.  Sure, there are a few  slow songs, but the feeling doesn't drop with the tempo.  The songs are  about despair, misogyny, drug addiction, and various other depressing  topics.  As sad as the songs may be, the music is anything but.  This album  is from the period when the Stones where at the top of their game  (1968-1973).  They had Mick Taylor, their best rythym guitarist, and Jagger  and Richards were at their bluesiest point in their songwriting careers.   The songs, like &quot;Can't you hear my knocking&quot; with it's  Santana-esque solo and the bittersweet almost country/western&quot;Dead  Flowers&quot; or &quot;Moonlight Mile&quot; show the Stones' wide musical  range.  My favorite song off this album is the second track,  &quot;Sway&quot;.  I don't think Charlie Watts ever had a better four  minutes on record.  The rythym is thick and juicy to compliment the sharp  leads.  The line &quot;This demon life has got me in it's sway&quot; is a  perfect reflection of what the Stones were going through at this time.  I  still stand behind &quot;Exile&quot; as the Stones' best album, but I can  hear this one knockin on my window.
B000002B7M|4.0|No matter what gross or obnoxious things you've done in your life, Ozzy has probably outdone you. This lust for disgust fuels his first (and best) solo album. His whiny snarl combined with his powerful band deliver several  knockout blows. Randy effortlessly sheds guitar notes as wrenching as a  nailbomb going off in a church. Bassist Bob Daisely and drummer Tommy  Aldridge make their presence felt in the midst of the mayhem. Recently  canned from Sabbath, Ozzy had something to prove and he comes at you like a  rabid pit bull. Due to their uncompromising ferocity, you would never guess  the 1st two tracks, &quot;I Don't Know&quot; &amp; &quot;Crazy Train&quot;  are actually odes to self-actualization and peace. The mood rarely lets up  on this dark and obsessive album whether tackling Satanism (&quot;Mr.  Crowley&quot;) or one of his many addictions (&quot;No Bone Movies&quot;).  Only &quot;Goodbye to Romance&quot; and the Randy instrumental  &quot;Dee&quot; approach any sort of tranquility or beauty. Before you can  catch your breath, however, you are swallowed by &quot;Suicide  Solution&quot; the mother of all Ozzy songs. This angry song about  alcoholism (and in particular, the death of Bon Scott) reeks with  self-loathing and bitter rage. This CD is aptly named as it is a 40 minute  blizzard of trendsetting metal. Like Nietzche says: if it doesn't kill you,  it will make you stronger.
B000002J1F|5.0|This has to be one of the best bands ever. I love rounabout.
0425170349|3.0|From a die hard Clancy fan that has read all of his books, I found this book somewhat disjointed. I was dissapointed that no real mention of Jack Ryan was made.  I would have prefered to have known about the power  structure of the world. For most of the book, you don't even know who is  the president of the U.S. The setup of the book seemed to be rushed. It is  the first Clancy book that I found easy to put down.  <br />This book is a  spin off from a previous Clancy series without an updated from that series.   In all I found it wanting.
6304467540|5.0|&quot;The Godfather Saga&quot; is the supreme achievement in film making.  A great, powerful, sprawling family story, spread out over nearly a century, with darkness and tragedy, all held together by Coppola's  brilliant direction and incredible attention to detail.  Great scene  follows great scene, great performance follows great performance--a  magnificent cinematic opera.  You can watch it 2,000 times (as I have) and  still see brilliant new details with every viewing. The happiest contest in  the world is to try to determine which is better: Part I or Part II;  Connie's wedding (Part I) or the Havana sequence (Part II).  Two other  comments: --Part III is a good denouement of the saga, but it doesn't hold  up to its illustrious predecessors. --The digitally remastered 25th  Anniversary edition is visually and aurally stunning,like watching the saga  again for the first time.  But the best version to have is the  chronologically spliced, shown-on-TV edition, which contains more than 40  minutes of additional material, every bit of it splendid!
B0000004V2|5.0|this is one of the top ten albums of all time, I have yet to hear an album  that compares
B000002UR7|5.0|Pablo Honey is a work of the highest order by consumate, creative and brilliant musicians.  Each song is unique, absorbing, memorable and exciting.  Thom's voice and lyrics are pure, powerful and amazing, but the  same can be said for the work of all the members.  The guitar work is  extremely inventive, sensitive, absorbing and totally thrilling.  The  attention to detail, interplay and power of the combined 3 guitar attack is  stunning. This album grabs you by the throat from the opening notes and  doesn't let go.  A highly underated album, and the fact that it was their  debut makes it that much more amazing.  As brilliant as their later work is  this may be their best and most consistent album so far.  A must for any  fan of great music.
B000002WYT|5.0|Sure, any band can write one great album, but once they've done two you know that they are special. This is the case with the Dave Matthews Band and their great album Crash, which is even better than Under The Table and  Dreaming. This album really launched DMB into it's now enormous popularity,  which is why this is a must-have for anyone craving good music.
B000007T1M|5.0|The more I listen to SOAD, the more they rock.  I've had this CD for about 6 months, and I'm still seeing new sides to the music.  It took me a couple of spins to adjust to their style, but once I did, I was hooked.  SOAD is  possibly the best new band out there.  They've got it all:  interesting  lyrics (crazy vocals!!) and tight musicianship.  Insane live show, too.
6303921248|5.0|I saw this movie when it was on television, and could not rest until I owned it.  It is a 5 hour long movie, and I have already seen it at least 15 times.  I definitely recommend this movie to anyone who loves the old  English country way of living or the old English aristocracy, blended with  romance.  This movie does a wonderful job of following the book, so if you  loved the book, you will love the movie as much as I do!
0684800713|2.0|I originally picked the book because my father spoke highly of the novel.  When I began reading it I regretted the decision.  I do not recommend the book to anyone who likes action.  Hemingway is very skilled in the detail  area.  It seems he describes the actions of each character perhaps too  well.  Whether they are drinking coffee to the exact words of a  conversation Hemingway writes everything.  The characters do however drink  a lot, living in Paris and partying every night it seems that wine is the  only thing they do drink.  Jake Barnes the main character is in love with  Brett Ashley who is a women player.  She gets men to fall in love with her  and then discards them only to feel miserable all the time.  Well these two  characters and some friends travel to Spain.  It is kind of interesting to  hear about their time in Spain.  They are staying in Pamplona during the  bull fights so the environment is romantic.  Brett falls in love with a  bull fighter and discards him later in the novel.  But the point is that  the characters, after all they have been through did not advance, or get  anywhere.  Where they began in the novel is where they ended up in the end.   So I guess Hemingway did prove his thesis of a &quot;Lost  Generation.&quot;  A generation in which Brett and Jake belong to.   Hemingway proves that Brett &amp; Jake do have meaningless, pointless lives  all too well.  But if you're into reading and some deep symbolism this is  the book for you.
B00000IGGA|5.0|It's the same way with every one of his albums...there is one song that I  discover months after I buy it...and I play it over and over...Come on up  to the House is that song...It's proof that Tom is not visiting places he's  already been...Anyone who has lost a loved one will relate to this  song...it has such a comforting message that speaks to the living as well  as the deceased...I don't think I have ever heard a Waits song that has as  clear a message as this one...all the others have been very surreal and  Dadaist( doesn't mean they weren't good that man cant write a bad song) The  rest of the album is just as good...Nice simple lyrics and not as much  hipster blues man jargon as in the past...great album Tom
B0000033TE|5.0|It's been many years since I last listened to Brain Salad Surgery, my first ELP album. When it was brand new, and I was young and impressionable, it 'tore my head apart.' Now that I'm older, wiser, and far more worldly  than I was back then, revisiting those musical wizards brought me back to a  place of astonishment again. There wasn't *quite* the 'wow' factor that I  got in the 70s, but the album still certainly is very solid and packs a  wholloping punch. I'm very pleased to have added this to my CD collection.  Very cool holographic cover now too; much cooler than the old album jacket  used to be. Oh yes! and the 'Making of Brain Salad Surgery' is an  interesting addition although certainly something not to hear over and over  again.
0767802659|2.0|As long as you dont take it too seriously this is not a bad flick. Its your typical 1990's sci-fi with lots of special FX and ....bugs,thousands of them,big yellow green blue horrible brain sucking mothers.Not for the  faint-hearted. There is also the one-take-only co-ed shower scene in which  the director had to firmly encourage his actors.A pleasant but brief  interlude in an otherwise ordinary matinee movie.Not for the kids...
B00000J7JO|4.0|This CD is awesome. I have listened to other albums from the peppers but I don't any of them match up to this one. Songs like scar tissue, parallel universe, and otherside (my favorite) have great lyrics, great guitar  riffs, and great vocal harmonies.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I accidentally have a chance to be the lucky one who sit in her Eden concert in San Francisco. It is fantastic. She floored me all through the show.
1881273156|5.0|My husband and received this book as a wedding gift from a long time friend. Now I know she and her husband have such a successful marriage! My husband and I took the book with us on our honeymoon. We read the book  aloud so as to discuss the contents. We learned so much about each other:  the expectations we have for each other, why we behave in a particular  manner, and best of all, we learned how to keep what Dr. Chapman calls  &quot;the love tank&quot; full.
B000002MI4|5.0|If I could take one disk on an island with me, this would be it.  Funny thing is, after I bought it and listened to it once, it sat on my shelf for two years.  Finally decided to give it another try, and I'm damn glad I  did.  It's marvelous in so many ways.  And the most original work to come  along in years.
B000002H6C|5.0|From Blackened's fade in to Dyer's Eve's abrupt halt, there are no skippable moments. What can't be said? Like the theme of the song's lyrics, the title track begins with a pretty motif that is corrupted and positively  shredded by distortion; Dyer's Eve twists and turns in a musical display of  desperation, and To Live Is To Die sports the loveliest, most tear jerking  melodies ever heard amidst such a hellish din. No metal band has come close  to this level of excellence before or since. (Not even Metallica!)
044022425X|5.0|I've read Ms Gabaldon's first four books and found them to be some of the best time I ever spent.  I can't wait for the fifth one.  She is one of the most detailed and entertaining writers of historical romance I've ever had  the pleasure of spending time with both in the books and on the audio  tapes!
B00000ADG2|5.0|I know everyone is probably sick of her voice but this album is good. I had it for a while now and even though I have to admit I've listened to it so many times that I'm &quot;done&quot; with it it was good until the radio  played it out.
B00000K19E|5.0|I was totally entralled by by this spectacular movie and I saw it at least five times in the theater and personnally can not wait for my DVD to arrive (as a matter of fact a DVD player is being purchased for the purpose of  watching this movie, although I am sure that there will plenty of use for  this new entertainment appliance). What can I say but do not wait but RUSH  and buy your copy today!
B00000I7LJ|5.0|This 2-CD set is a real bargain, costing about as much as a domestic single CD; imports are usually exorbitantly priced.<br />Anyway, regarding the topic of this comment, I really liked Nat's rendition of the famous Stones  song, though, I had to listen twice to really appreciate it.  It's a tad  annoying that she sort of slurs the lyrics, seems to skip one verse  altogether and, by the sound of it, ad lib some lines, but Natalie sounds  so sultry and smooth, you can't help but overlook it.  I tell ya, damnation  never sounded so sexy.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|Jennifer can't sing for peanuts . It's a waste of money buying her album and I'm so glad I only borrowed it .
6303905293|5.0|This movie is a brilliant beginning to the Yamato saga. I'm sure I have watched it at least twenty times-probably more. The storyline is as follows: the Gamilus Empire has nearly completed the conquest of Earth in  the year 2199. The Earth Defense Force is running out of ships and all  seems lost, but a message comes to Earth from the benevolent planet  Iscandar with instructions on how to build a jet engine that can exceed  light speed. The engine is built and installed in the old WWII Japanese  battleship Yamato, easily accessible considering that radiation from  Gamilus attacks has evaporated the oceans. The entire ship is remodelled  into an ultra-modern space vessel and successfully makes the trip to  Iscandar (following much agitation from Gamilus forces) to collect a device  that will remove the radiation from Earth's atmosphere, making its surface  habitable again. My favorite character in this movie (and the series) is  Lord Desler, Supreme Ruler of Gamilus. Though he is an enemy of Earth to  begin with, he reforms his ways with time and becomes an ally.  (Unfortunately, the process of this transformation is not dealt with in the  Yamato movies, but only in the TV series.)
0792156684|5.0|I just watched my new Titanic DVD and was delighted. Most of us love the film and I am extremely pleased with the transfer to DVD.  I have a 35&quot; TV and an older Yamaha receiver with Dolby Pro-Logic.  I set the  listening mode to 70mm and was very impressed with how good it sounded. I  would guess the Dolby Digital soundtrack is awesome.  The video transfer is  gorgeous.  I have waited a long time for this film to come out on DVD and  I'm very happy to have it.
6305562474|5.0|This is a flawless film, from the stunning costume design and location scenery, to the incredibly exact and jaded performances.  This may be the best work Close has done, which is no small compliment.  Malkovich brings a  sense of pervading dirtiness to the Vicomte, and Kurtz is a hoot as the  smarmy Madame de Volanges.  The direction is laser sharp.  Don't watch it  if you like your entertainment mindless and sentimental.  This is a hard  film, about deceipt and corruption: basic human nature magnified to the nth  degree.
0767817478|1.0|What can I say...this was the first and only movie I saw at the theatre that was so bad, I walked out before it was over.  You knew the &quot;Momma&quot;  Godzilla or whatever it was wasn't dead halfway through  the movie.  And hundreds of baby Godzillas in Madison Square Garden????  Give me a break.  I'll watch King Kong or the original Godzilla any day  over this joke.
B00000IQC8|5.0|If you only see one Kevin Smith movie ever (though why would you want to limit yourself?), definitely see &quot;Clerks&quot;--it's as funny (if not funnier) than &quot;Chasing Amy,&quot; and without the star power...All the  people scared by the truly unscary &quot;Blair Witch Project,&quot; and  turned on by the largely unmerited critical acclaim it has received, need  to see &quot;Clerks&quot; to understand how truly creative low-budget films  ought to be made.
6300213714|5.0|WHEN I FIRST WATCHED THIS VIDEO, I WAS PUT IN AN INSTANT TRANCE. THE FILM WAS BRILLIANT. THE ONLY FLAW THAT I COULD SEE WAS IT WAS NOT LONG ENOUGH AND THERE COULD HAVE BEEN SOME MORE FIGHT SEENS.<br />FOR EXAMPLE WHEN THE  ORPHANS TRY TO 'RAID'THEM THEY SHOULD HAVE WASTED THEM PROPERLY
B000002KD9|5.0|As an original owner of this LP, it brings back pungent memories of a very  special time, personally and for society.  His lyrics gave (and continue to  give) us all incredible food for thought and interpretation.  It holds up  amazingly well decades later.  I agree with a previous review, that  &quot;Southern Man&quot; is the weakest (or least favorite) song, yet still  interesting and powerful  Puts all current music to shame.
B00000099Y|5.0|Okay, Maynard pulled out all the stops on this one, baby! The lyrics are unbelieveable. The sound is the most innovative I have ever heard. And, of course, there is Maynard's vocals. Ahh, how sweet it would be to sing like  that. So sinisterly beautiful (if there is such a thing). I swear his voice  makes me tear up sometimes it is so beautiful. God, this band just pulled  out all the stops on this one. You gotta hear it or your ears have not  lived! And if you like this, you should check out the Deftones. You ears  have not lived until you hear that boy scream, too! Hee-hee.  Well, peace out y'all!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Personally, I think popular music has hit an all-time low.<br />Except  Radiohead.
B000001C6M|3.0|That's great and all that every &quot;metal head&quot; known to man loves this band. I don't see what's so special. They're music is fast and furious, but who cares? I look for PASSION in music and I just don't feel  it from these guys. They have NO PASSION! It's just stupid lyrics with no  raw emotion or unbridled energy behind it. Take Korn's first album or  Machine Head or Max cavalera from Soulfly and Sepultura fame. Those guys  have PASSION and you can feel it when they play. Slayer is just a lot of  repetitive noise with no feeling. Even Celine Dion has more PASSION than  these guys. They just play loud, speedy metal. Impressive, but it doesn't  touch my soul!
B00000JTB2|5.0|I cannot say much more than the other reviewers have stated.  Two exceptional bluesmen on one exceptional night.  This is a must have CD for any Albert or Stevie fan.  You can hear the mutual respect for each other  with every note played.  The kinship between the two is no more obvious  than on this recording.
B000009QPE|4.0|That's great and all that every &quot;metal head&quot; known to man loves this band. I don't see what's so special. They're music is fast and furious, but who cares? I look for PASSION in music and I just don't feel  it from these guys. They have NO PASSION! It's just stupid lyrics with no  raw emotion or unbridled energy behind it. Take Korn's first album or  Machine Head or Max cavalera from Soulfly and Sepultura fame. Those guys  have PASSION and you can feel it when they play. Slayer is just a lot of  repetitive noise with no feeling. Even Celine Dion has more PASSION than  these guys. They just play loud, speedy metal. Impressive, but it doesn't  touch my soul!
B00000JPH5|5.0|The Labyrith is the best movie i watched it over 50 times i know the first sence by heart!!! A movie for the whole family!!! Kids will love it so will the parnents!!!!  I only wish it was a BOOK!! my favorite movie i even did  a movie rewiew on it for this newspaper i love it so much
B000000H5K|5.0|Damn, these boys are hella mad crazy! They bust some wicked grooves, too! I like the lyrics, as well. It kinda makes you think about life in a new way. Well, word up kids! --Kelly Magovern
B000000993|5.0|What an amazing piece of music. The lyrics are so good and Maynard's voice is just sublime. I wish I could sing like that. Ahhhh, it makes me weep. So beautiful! Well, enough of this silly stuff. I'm out! Peace y'all! --Kelly  Magovern
B000007T1M|5.0|Hey, I justlistened to these few tracks here at Amazon.com. These guys are funny! I mean, in a good way htough. I like it. I can't say much for the lyrics because I can't understand the vocalist that well, but I'm sure it's  thought-provoking. Hey, well keep up the good work &quot;System of a  Down.&quot; Hey, if you like this group, you might like Snot from Santa  Barbara (although I'm sorry Lynn passed away) or Salmon from Gilroy, CA.  Word! --Kelly Magovern San Jose, CA
B000000FG8|3.0|This is an amazing record, indeed. I was primarily touched by the lyrics behind the music. They bring about social consciousness and awareness. I like that it makes you think and question what is happening in society. The  lyrics still hold true for today. The music is also just plain fun to dance  around to! The sound quality is less than to be desired though. But what  can I say, it's an old record. Hee-hee! --Kelly Magovern
B000002N2Z|4.0|This is the most frickin' intense piece of work my ears have ever bared witness to. The first moment I heard Chino Moreno do that cat scream I nearly pee-ed my pants. Your ears haven't lived until you hear this boy  scream. Talk about amazing! And god the tracks on this album are so  frickin' intense you can't help but jump up and down like a lunatic in your  bedroom. I have spent many an evening building up my calf muscles while  jumping up and down to this record. I LOVE this album!!! It is one of the  most creative, revolutionary pieces of music I have ever heard. I wish they  had a bigger following because they deserve it. I just wish they were a bit  more positive lyrically. Peace out y'all! --Kelly Magovern
B000009QPG|4.0|That's great and all that every &quot;metal head&quot; known to man loves this band. I don't see what's so special. They're music is fast and furious, but who cares? I look for PASSION in music and I just don't feel  it from these guys. They have NO PASSION! It's just stupid lyrics with no  raw emotion or unbridled energy behind it. Take Korn's first album or  Machine Head or Max cavalera from Soulfly and Sepultura fame. Those guys  have PASSION and you can feel it when they play. Slayer is just a lot of  repetitive noise with no feeling. Even Celine Dion has more PASSION than  these guys. They just play loud, speedy metal. Impressive, but it doesn't  touch my soul!
B000002JOH|4.0|I dunno. I actually think this album has some merits. I read th elyrics on etime and found them to be actually socially conscious, unlike a lot of these death metal bands that only seem to talk about &quot;Stab! Hack!  Death! Kill!&quot; and other disembowling activities. I actually enjoy  running around my bedroom doing my own personal mosh pit while listening to  this CD. I think if you put them into perspective, Pantera isn't that bad  of a band at all. They play heavy, aggressive music with riffs that will  get your head bobbing. And give the lyrics a read, too. If anything it will  get you to think a little. I like it! --Kelly Magovern
B000002LQD|5.0|Critics and radio make it hard for aging recording stars to get noticed, and that is the public's loss.  MAGIC AND LOSS by Lou Reed stands among a number of albums by old-timers that I consider just as good as anything  they did when they were the darlings of Rolling Stone magazine and rock  radio.  It must be life experience, something the 22-year olds who dominate  music sales may lack.  Hear MAGIC AND LOSS, Lou Reed's personal take on  watching old friends fade away.  Reed rocks out even when someone's dying!
B00000JGEO|3.0|TRUE LIES hinges on stupidity rather than wit: Jamie Lee Curtis does not know what her husband does for a living and does not even recognize him when he is a few feet away.  That moronic element of the picture drags down  what could have otherwise been a pretty nifty action flick, although I  would nonetheless see it again.  Comic actor Tom Arnold upstages Arnold  Schwarzenegger, no small feat.   Director James Cameron definitely packages  some excitement in TRUE LIES, but it left me feeling that Cameron and  Schwarzenegger were resting on their TERMINATOR laurels.
B000001FTA|5.0|This release followed Jailbreak and Johnny the Fox and was probably the best studio album from this line-up.The duelling guitars of Scott Gorham and Brian Robertson were never better,and the live dates provided much of  the material for Live And Dangerous.Check out Downtown Sundown and That  Woman's Gonna Break Your Heart for examples of lesser known tracks ,and  Southbound ranks as one of their all-time classics.Their material was never  again so consistently strong.Buy it!
B000002H6C|4.0|This, in my opinion, is the best Metallica album second only to &quot;Master of Puppets.&quot; It has driving guitars and powerful rhythms. That &quot;Shortest Straw&quot; song is the best example of this. And who  can forget the unbelievable intricacies and musical skill of the classic  &quot;One.&quot; I still jump around in my bedroom while listening to that  song once it gets going! If you like this album, you might want to check  out some lesser known acts that don't get enough recognition or attention  but should. Some great band sto check out include Machine Head, Earth  Crisis, Strife, One King Down, Vision of Disorder, and Culture. I think all  thes eguys can be found on Amazon.com, too. These guys tear it up just like  the Metallica of old, but have more socially conscious and generally more  positive lyrics. Definitely a bonus in my book!
0767802470|4.0|I love the Director's Cut of das Boot. I first saw it a long time ago in the English dub, and I still thought it was still good, and I am for the most part opposed to dubbing over perfectly good film. Anyway, the  director's cut is in the three hour range, but you will never notice  because it is _that_ good. As for the DVD, having to flip the disc doesn't  bother me much, but a two layer disc would probably be better. My actual  complaint is the subtitles. German is not an option, even thought the movie  is in German. I speak German tolerably well, but I have trouble folowing  some dialects, especially when there is a good amount of background noise  (crashing seas, diesel engines) and German subtiles would have helped  immensly. So I had to watch it with the English subtitles. Oh, well.
B000002LQR|3.0|It has some bright spots, but I thought a lot of it was weak. Songs like &quot;Suck My Kiss&quot; and &quot;Give It Away&quot; are really energizing and catchy. But some of the others just felt tired and half-hearted.  --Kelly Magovern
0671015206|2.0|Nothing new.  What were their secrets
B00000JCRH|4.0|This album is one of the most impressive metal albums I haveever heard.  Every single song is good in my opinion. The only flaw Ihave with this CD and Metallica, in general, are their somewhat foreboding and apocalyptic lyrics. A little too on the negative tip for me. If you want some other great metal-like acts that don't get nearly enough recognition, then check out Machine Head, Earth Crisis, Strife, One King Down, and Vision of Disorder. All these bands can be sampled on Amazon.com. Check 'em out.  Their lyrics are a little more on the positive tip, too, but they rock just as hard!
6305470448|5.0|A must see movie
B000000H5J|4.0|I was actually pretty impressed when I heard this CD. It had a new, more modern feel to it than most traditional metal albums. I love the drum-work on this album, something I usually pay little attention to. And I love the  vocal range these guys have from pure ferocity to deep, almost divine-like  &quot;singing&quot; dare I say? Whatever it is I like it. The only fault I  have is the lyrics. Really depressing and really hard to embrace. I could  care how &quot;numb&quot; you feel and how you were some poor little victim  of society. Get over yourselves. If you want some real good, metal-like  music with lyrics on the more positive tip, check out some lesser known  bands like Earth Crisis, Vision of Disorder, One King Down, Strife, and  Culture. These guys all tear it up in a similar vein as Fear Factory, but  the lyrics are a lot more thought-provoking and socially conscious. --Kelly  Magovern
B000002C1X|1.0|I received this CD as a gift and I like &quot;Another Brick in the Wall&quot;. The rest of this very long album is boring. You Pink Floyd fans are a special group. You don't know anything about music, but I guess  everyone deserves their opinion. Let's see - there's one good song out of  26 on this album. Therefore, one star out of five seems generous.
B000002JR8|3.0|Hmmmm. I have such mixed emotions about this band and this album in particular.  I think musically this album is great. It has driving guitars and powerful rhythms that are great for running around to. However, I have  problems with this band lyrically. While Phil Anselmo attempts to get some  important social issues across, he does so in such crude fashion it is hard  to take him seriously. Maybe if they thought out their lyrics a bit better,  people would acquiesce and say, &quot;Okay. This is a good metal band. I think they could have been a little more intelligent.
B00000JCB2|4.0|This album is a great one to listen to when you want to thrash your room. Its loud catchy beats will be stuck in your head forever. Those of you out there who gave this 1 pathetic star need to get out of your wimpy shell and  experiance some good music. live a little.
6304316267|1.0|Burt Reynolds was the biggest movie star in the world when (1980) he made CANNONBALL RUN.  Did he appear in this bomb to test his fans' patience?  Did he really think the script was humorous or exciting?  Maybe the  filmmakers spent so much time recruiting CANNONBALL RUN's all-star cast  that they forgot to write jokes or develop any story.  Except for Dom  Deluise's very funny performance, the only laughs are at the paying  audience's expense.  Burt Reynolds redeemed himself with the appropriately  titled STARTING OVER once the stench of CANNONBALL RUN died down.
B00000IAU3|5.0|The warmth and melody of her voice is possitivly grandeur.  She sings with such clarity and feminity that you cannot help yourself but to be captured.
6305508550|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS SO TRUE TO LIFE AND IS MY FAVORITE COMEDY.  I'VE WAITED FOR THIS TO BE RELEASED SINCE IT CAME OUT.  I LAUGHED OUT LOUD IN THE THEATRE.  I'M DEFINITELY BUYING IT ON DVD AND LOOK FORWARD TO WATCHING IT OVER AND  OVER.
B000002TP7|4.0|Any album with &quot;Sure Shot&quot; and &quot;Sabotage&quot; is worth buying; however, reinforce it with such tracks as &quot;Root Down&quot; &quot;Flute Loop&quot; &quot;Let's Do It&quot; and &quot;Get it  Together&quot; it's more than you could ask for. I wouldn't hesitate to buy  this album, but what were the Boys thinking when they wrote  &quot;Sabrosa&quot; and &quot;Tough Guy?&quot;
0897500482|5.0|Bruce Lee is absolutly a genious and a great insperation. I am studying Tae Kwon Do and got as far as the green belt, soon to be a blue stripe. My progress has been tromendous. I purchased this book, purely out of  curiousity. Once I picked it up, I just could not put it down. The  philosophy, techniques, various movement and sparring explanations are  facinating. I can deffinetly see myself improve just from following the  techniques and methods, which Bruce describes. I am more then positive,  that I will read this book again in the future. It is a guide to anyone,  who is serious about martial arts. Even if you are not interested in JKD,  it is still one of the best referrences, I have read so far. Bruce is  deffinetly one of the greatest people that ever lived.
B000002KAT|5.0|I've listened to Astral Weeks on vinyl, 8-tract, cassette and cd over the past 30 years.  It never fails to move my earth-driven head to a distant realm.  True poetry from the Irish Wonder, this album is head and shoulders  above the otherwise lovely Moondance.  If limited to one album and confined  to a desert island with a reasonable sound system, I'd live out my  remaining years in joyous ecstacy.  Good thing they didn't include this on  the hit review played for Noriega's Panama days.
B000002WNP|5.0|Elvis reclaimed his throne immediately after his return from the army in 1960. This 5 CD set illuminates the reasons why. From the early 60s through to the beginning of the 70s Elvis captured the feel of pop music in its  purest form: &quot;Loveletters&quot;, Dylan's &quot;Tomorrow Is A Long  Time&quot;, &quot;In The Ghetto&quot; and &quot;Reconsider Baby&quot; are  essential recordings for the pop connoisseur.  &quot;From Nashville To  Memphis&quot; is Elvis at his unqualified best.
0064407667|5.0|This very well written and engaging book reads like a fleshed out Edward Gorey tale - complete with descriptive, odd ball place names and young innocents suffering at the hands of their evil (or simply incompetent)  elders. The concept works thanks in no small part to the clever writing  style, smooth narrative and strong imagination running throughout the  story. The drawings, while not spectacular, are charming and add very nice  details to the book itself. Other nice touches include the endpapers,  &quot;Ex Libris&quot; plate (both by the illustrator), and the smirky  attitude of the narrator (Lemony Snicket). <br />A truly unique and  immaginative item. Highly recommended.
0385493800|1.0|Slow,  heavy on the religion.  Probably very appealing to the devoute but does not offer much for agnostics, atheists or those looking for an interesting read.  Unlike earlier novels, provides little information (even  on the religious level)and a trite plot. Though Rachel's character, such as  it was, held some appeal the &quot;hero's&quot; and his redemption were  reminiscent of dirty cotton candy - sacharine, sticky and insubstantial.
B000002L9S|4.0|This album is the epitome of mid-80's pop. Madonna totally worked that genre. The majority of the songs make you want to get up and dance and sing too. &quot;True Blue&quot;, &quot;Where's The Party?&quot;, and &quot;White  Heat&quot; are the best songs on the album. It would get 5 stars from me if  it was only longer. It needed at least two more songs, but otherwise it's  another classic Madonna album.
0780627024|1.0|This movie's only plus is the cool use of color vs. Black and white.  And I must say it accurately reflects the pervading values of our time.  However, in the name of \\"tolerance\\" it totally lambasts anyone who has any  moral convictions (like being true to your marriage or being honest).   People with morals are portrayed (should I say, \\"betrayed\\"?) as being  hateful, narrow-minded, and ignorant.  The \\"heroes\\" are the ones who do  whatever feels good to them at the moment, no matter who else it may hurt  or what consequences there may be in the future.  The worst things were:   (1) The root idea for this movie is excellent-the experiences of people of  the `90s suddenly thrown into the society of the `50s.  This could have  made for a very entertaining plot, without trashing moral values; and (2)  The previews for this movie (unless I was sleeping when I saw them) gave me  no hint of its real content.  I was totally surprised when I actually  watched it.  I should have asked for my money back.
0684867621|5.0|Stephen King can write about Vampires to a little Girl lost in the woods and scare the pants off us,and this book shows us just that.Anyone who is a Stephen King fan (and even if there not) will enjoy this book.
0141301104|5.0|This book is absolutely fantastic! It is very weel paced and all the things which build up a good story:humour,horror,adventure and fiction. My mother first read it to me when I was seven,  but I  still love it as much as I used to back then! It shows Roald Dahl at the  peak of his powers and is one of his best books ever...its probably one of  the best childrens books in history! Even adults will enjoy this  masterpiece!  It shall always be one of my altime favourites!
B000005RFJ|5.0|This remastering was long overdue. A nice package with lots of photos &amp; a brief history of the band at that point in their career. The insert folds out with a poster of the band on the reverse side. Oh yeah, and the  music within is some of the heaviest ever recorded - &quot;Into the  Void&quot; &amp; &quot;Lord of This World&quot; are two of the best, but  it's all good. My only complaint is the brevity - about 34 minutes. Desert  island disc status.
0800193334|5.0|This is one of my favourite movies! It may have some twists and may not be *as* good as the book but its wonderful in its own right! If you like comdeies, then you've *got* to buy this! Its an absolute masterpiece! The  actors and actressess are excellent and so are the storylines and scenes!  Its suitable for all ages and will keep you in stitches for hours!
6304119046|4.0|Although I don't see how it could rank #1, this is definately a wonderful American classic.  Orson Welles was one of the best actors/directors of his day, and this is proved in this first major motion picture.  The story of  Charles Foster Kane is an intruiging one which captures the audience and  keeps it interesting enough thorugh out that only the impatient will get  bored.  This is a wonderful film and I do highly suggest it to any true  film buff.
1558807381|1.0|Legend is the best movie with tom criuse in it!!!! Great for the whole family
6305470448|5.0|'Shakespeare in Love' was a wonderfully, enjoyable movie.  Gweneth Paltrow and Joseph Fiennes are excellent as lovers out of step with the confines of their world.  The most enjoyable part of the movie were the supporting  characters however.  Paltrow's nurse, the owner of Wil's theatre and Judith  Dench's Queen Elizabeth were particularly outstanding.  I was struck with  how well the actors carried off the Elizabethan language. Words that are  sometimes difficult to follow when reading were carried off with such ease  in expression. I found myself thinking about the movie days after I saw  it....and wanted to watch it again and again.
068484267X|2.0|Read this book if your looking for some 'too deep'journey into the , sick and depressing childhood of a poverty stricken irish catholic boy and his family that are a disgrace to their religion and heritage.  Frank M.  overcame a lot and I will give him credit for that, but there is little  inspiration in this book.  Why so many found it inspiring and uplifting  boggles my mind the only reason I finished this book was because I was sure  there was something good in it, I wasted my time and money by searching for  something that wasn't there.  There are some things that 'should' be kept  private, that people should not be proud of.  Frank seems to write off  every bad thing anyone does in this book as 'understandable' and thats a  shame.  Forgivness is good but condonement is an entirely different animal.   Adultery, abuse, masturbation, fornication, alcholism and idleness are not  an acceptible part of life, I feel that he promotes all of them to an  extent.  This book is a good example of an incredibly gifted writer that is  able to use his talent to make anything 'seem' okay, and apparantly  thousands of people have believed him.  I have always enjoyed memoirs and  novels pertaining to rising out of opresion, but this book was one of the  worst I have ever read.  I wish I had never read it, he could have made it  much better and still gotten his point across without being so lewd and  offensive.
B000002G7E|5.0|'White Light' is simply the greatest rock record ever recorded, with the greatest rock song ever recorded, 'Sister Ray' of course. A product of specific times and events, not to mention people, that could never be  repeated, there will never be anything to match this album, especially in  terms of sheer originality for when it was released. A precursor to what  became known as heavy metal, it was the first breath for all modern rock.  If you have not heard this record, you still are not initiated into the  world of rock and roll.
