B002VPEAOE|2.0|Based on our reading of \\"The Forgotten Garden\\" our book group chose \\"The House at Riverton\\" and I am very disappointed with \\"The House at Riverton\\".  Several characters are not developed. Details of plot are unresolved. The mystery is not very mysterious. The narration by the maid is inconsistant with the events as they occur. The ending is contrived. I cannot get the time back that I spent waiting for this story to develp into half the story of Morton's other novel.
1455502626|5.0|Have enjoyed all Nelson DeMille books but PLUM ISLAND is my #1 favorite -- the main character, Detective John Corey, is an 'anti-hero' who is laugh-out-loud Funny.  This was a page-turner that kept me up way past bedtime, enthralled and chuckling all the way through.  This novel is the most enjoyable mystery I've ever read, really a delight, I have to say I thoroughly loved every minute of it.
B005BGBPBG|3.0|The movie is missing some huge parts of the story!!  If you read the book you will be shocked at how they just end the  movie.  I won't give it away......but they are missing critical pieces of the story!!!!  I only gave it 3 stars because they did follow the book until they just ended the movie abruptly and incorrectly.
B0058A119G|3.0|So much praise is being heaped on this album by listeners/customers, but have you noticed that many of the album's print reviews are not nearly as kind?  I suppose when you're Streisand it's a case of who really cares what anyone says, but ... still ... it really does sort of matter.  Except for some sporadic moments on 'Guilty Pleasures', all of Streisand's albums from the past decade are almost sad to listen to.  The strings are so severely overdone, and more often than not it appears that she is drowning in them.  And the choice of material ... lighten up, lady!  Her perfectionism and her waaay too much attention to detail keeps each new release sounding the same as the one which came before it, and that's a bummer.  And it's a bummer because when she handed the control to Ms.Krall for 'Love Is the Answer', and included  that STUNNING bonus disc of just voice and jazz quartet, I was hoping it was a signal that there were going to be some changes in the future.  But this album, like the strings version of \\"Love Is the Answer\\", all sound like cousins of the \\"A Love Like Ours\\" album.  Lovely to listen to, but ... yawn.      Don't even get me started on \\"The Movie Album\\"...    Oh - and one more thing:  Marilyn Bergman stated in a recent interview about this new album: \\"Barbra has total input,\\" says Marilyn Bergman. \\"She's editing [vocals] in her head, she chose every picture [of the packaging], she picked the font and made sure the lyrics were right. She's not in the dark about anything.\\"  However, Barbra is indeed in the dark about the correct spelling of \\"Micki and Maude\\", which she chose to spell \\"Miki and Maude\\" in the album's booklet.      I'm just sayin'...
B004G600A4|5.0|Enjoyed this dvd with my grandchildren, they loved it so did grandma.   We would recommend it to anyone.  It is really a cute story.
B004VUP8WK|1.0|Let me say this up front - I have been a fan of Morbid Angel for YEARS... since the early days with Altars of Madness & Covenant.  This is absolutely sad - I truly wish they hadn't released this disc.  What happened?  Seriously, guys - what went wrong here?  My god... it's just awful.  I didn't want to believe the online gossip about how bad this album is, but damn if it isn't true.  I hate to say it, but that's my honest opinion.  I'm actually saddened that such ICONS of death metal(and I listen to all sorts of music, so I'm not just 'death metal or nothing' type of person) would put out... 'this'.  *shakes head*
B001E45XT4|5.0|This headset is one of the best sub $30 headsets I have ever used.  The sound quality is really good, the bass is good for the price, and the comfort of having these on your head for an extend amount of time is comfortable as well.  The ability to hide-away the mic is also a nice little feature.  The microphone picks up your voice fairly well and according to my friends on vent/skype, my voice comes out clear.  The size of this headset is big, so makes it a bit difficult to travel with.    So if you are looking for a good headset that wont break the bank or if you're on a budget, look into this one.  The only thing is, I suggest this purchase to be for desktops only due to the size and the pain it'd be to travel everywhere with these, but more power to ya if you can haul these with you.  These get 2 thumbs up for me.
0679722610|4.0|Red Harvest is noir prohibition era novel set in a corrupt western mining town. The story begins with the narrator, a private investigator from a prestigious detective agency based in San Francisco, arriving into the dirty and unkempt town of Parsonville (pronounced Poisonville). In the first act the narrator finds out the client that hired him is killed shortly after the detective arrives in town. What follows is a gritty and deadly whodunit. The narrator is taken through the dark and dangerous streets in an attempt to unravel the mysteries and clean up the town of organized crime. He is shown to be circumspect and tough, with a weakness for alcohol and making impulsive decisions.     The highlight of the book is in the descriptions and observations of the detective. This is Dashiel Hammett's greatest skill as a writer. The narrator makes clear and keen observations without any unnecessary details. There is a Sherlock Holmes like astuteness in his conclusions and solutions in the unsolved crimes of the town. As a whole though, the story might seem a bit cliched and overwrought to the modern reader. Tropes and twists that have been used repeatedly and refined in books and movies in the ensuing years might seem to be cheap and simple in retrospect. The story is a bit weak too. By the end of the book there are close to 30 corpses. Life is quite cheap and killing is done repeatedly and without much remorse. In this aspect the book lacks realism. However the real power is in the writing. Hammett makes acute observations. The dialogue is filled with the long lost vocabulary and idioms of the prohibition-era. While the book has its flaws, its rich with well-crafted descriptions and action.
B004WR125O|5.0|I have Onkyo 509 with this. I don't have a HDMI input TV, and have to depend on the receiver display to adjust the network settings. It takes me some time to figure out. Now it works well.     My network server is in another room. There are at lease 2 walls between them. It picks up 30% signal. It plays music files on my PC without any problems.
B004XQO90O|4.0|I truly enjoyed this DVD.  However, if you are like my  husband, and not a Sci-Fi fan, you probably won't.  I'm  glad no one had told me anything about this movie before I  watched it.  I just became so enthralled with it it was hard for me to break away from it and make my husband lunch.  The cast chosen for this movie was perfect, in my  estimation.  And, the ending was PERFECT.  Gave the viewer  lots of ways to interpret its meaning!  Hoorah for a job  well done!!  I purchased this DVD at Amazon.com and it was in great shape....no skipping or starting and stopping experienced.  I've been purchasing both books and DVD's for myself and  to give as gifts through Amazon.com and have always been  very happy with them.
B0056NYMXC|4.0|I absolutely love the CD overall.. The very first track its so hot and it just makes you wanna dance.. I not feeling the bonus tracks to much but other than that I love the CD.. but I love all of Kelly's music I have been a fan of her since the beginning.
1250004349|3.0|'Sarah's Key' has none of the bitter humor of 'Maus' or the chilling gravitas of 'Night,' yet its focus on the child victims of the \\"Hitlerian barbarity\\" makes this work a good addition to the canon. In plainsong prose, de Rosney describes the 1942 Vel' d'Hiv' roundup of thousands of Parisian Jews. Sarah is among the 3,500 children who, with their families, are herded into the indoor stadium, a way-station to their deaths in Auschwitz. And, Sarah holds the key to the cupboard where her brother has hidden during the roundup. Julia, a journalist is assigned to write an article on France's upcoming 60th commemoration of the shameful event and ends up filling in the pages that are largely missing from Western History books. Thus, through separate storylines, Sarah's and Julia's lives converge. Both stories have interesting, if not well-drawn, characters that the writer connects with interesting, if predictable, tropes of burdensome secrets and selfless fealty. But, the two stories do not carry equal weight: Julia is the catalyst for tying together three generations of four families. So my interest waned once the connection between Sarah and Julia, and later what happens to Sarah, are revealed. This is Sarah's story - and that of the children. A less predictable finish would have strengthened an otherwise good novel.
0553582038|3.0|I have read the first 4 in this series in the last month, and rated the 1st (Game of Thrones) 5 stars, and the next two 4 stars each. I am sorry to say I have to drop this volume to 3 stars, for many of the same reasons others have done. While Martin continues to be a masterful writer, and the characters and plot developments are intriguing, the pace of progress has slowed to a crawl in this volume, and for the first time, Martin's decisions are starting to feel indulgent. It feels like the characters and detail have become a burden, a weight he is getting buried under, rather than a pleasure (to write or read.) I find myself skimming through descriptive paragraphs, which I almost never do, in order to get to the action. That's a sign to me that things have gotten out of hand...The brutality in these books still continues to irk me at times also, especially all the rapes.<br /><br />Also, this book is kind of a split volume with number 5 - it focuses on Jamie, Cersei, Anya, Sansa, Samwell, and some others, and we hear virtually nothing of Jon Snow, Brandon, Tyrion, Daenerys and the others (their perspective on these same events is apparently covered in Book 5.) I am not pleased that I will spend half of the next volume (from what I understand) learning their take and therefore there will be almost no plot development.<br /><br />I am hoping it is all going to be worth it in the end, and am trying to maintain faith in Martin. Hopefully the next few books will get back to 5-star status...the potential is certainly there.
0689835604|5.0|This little book should be a kick for Daddy and Mommy and for Baby.  It is informative and also will be fun  for all three.
030726999X|5.0|One of the best series of books I've read in a while. It keeps you interested from beginning to end!
B0006HBZXS|5.0|I purchased this amazing film for date/movie night for me and my wife, what a excellent choice, it has a amzing story line, Anthony Hopkins is a phenominal actor and definitely played his Academy Award winning performance, great film,with twists and turns and whats so cold, everybody trying to kill the billion-aire for money,they tried first by giving him a heart attack..its a great film and I got it for less than a dollar on Amazon,High quality DVD-CD
B003L77G2Y|5.0|For all those not in the know (and if you truly are not in the know you'll never get to know this show coming in at season 3!), 'Fringe' is an American science fiction TV created by J. J. Abrams, Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci. The series follows a Federal Bureau of Investigation \\"Fringe Division\\" team based in Boston, Massachusetts under the supervision of Homeland Security.    The team uses unorthodox \\"fringe\\" science and FBI investigative techniques to investigate a series of unexplained, often ghastly occurrences, which are related to mysteries surrounding a parallel universe.    OK, and before I begin my review, just know that as you yourself watch this captivating TV show on DVD, to keep track of Our world vs. Their world, during the first half of the season, odd-numbered episodes mostly take place in the parallel universe (Their world - and have a red title sequence), while even-numbered episodes mostly take place in the prime universe (Our world - and have the original blue title sequence.)     And then, as we progress through, some episodes (such as 'Entrada') have a title sequence as a mixture of blue and red; and since have been either blue or red or both to signify the universal focus of the episode. Oh, and for episode 15, 'Subject 13' it stands alone in these thoughts for it features a same retro title sequence from 'Peter', with Asimov font and an 80s rendition of the theme song!    Oh, and for the record, 'The Day We Died' has a grey title sequence to indicate the future setting of the episode.    OK, all on track now?! Good, let's continue. In episode one, 'Olivia' we get a flashback to bring us up to date. We see the good Olivia battling in Their world to accept who she is over there and so she tries to find a way home. In 'The Box,' in Our world, the bad Olivia is mixing with everyone as if all was normal, including Peter! A Doomsday device is needed to make a war between the two worlds a reality, but the funniest moment comes when Walter makes a'silent, but deadly' joke! Also, Dr. Bell (via his Will) leaves him a very nice surprise!    In 'The Plateau,' in Their world, a man can create deadly chain reactions to occur, but why are his targets who they are? In 'Do Shapeshifters Dream of Sheep?', in Our world a Senator is exposed as a Shapeshifter and is now targeted for attack. In 'Amber 31422,' in Their world Amber from a sealing is broken into and a body removed. An old character comes back to say hello! In '6955 khz,' in Our world a radio broadcast is deadly to those listening, but why does it speak numbers over and over - and in different languages each time? Astrid stands up to the mathematical plate here in fine style.    In 'The Abducted,' in Their world, a child is kidnapped by The Candyman - a person stealing (quite literally) their youth! Peter also gets a BIG message delivered to him! In 'Entrada,' Our world the fate of Olivia is revealed to Peter and the real one (finally) comes home. But, in the Olivia timescape swap, a tragedy befalls someone important in one of the worlds. In 'Marionette,' which is quite easily one of the freakiest episodes I have ever seen on TV, a man puts back together a young girl who committed suicide - organ by once-donated organ!    In 'The Firefly,' a brilliant Christopher Lloyd stars as an old rocker from a band that Walter used to love - Violet Sedan Chair! But, his link to Walter runs deeper, way deeper than just music. This episode turns out to be a test set by The Observers. In 'Reciprocity,' the Machine gets built from all the pieces found around the world, but nobody knows how to work it! Walter, trying to regrow back some of the brain that was removed by his counterpart in Their world, tries some Chimp DNA - and so we get a nice moment with a banana split and some ape like gestures! Oh, and Peter becomes a killer! In 'Concentrate and Ask Again,' a toxic biological gas that removes your bones from your body once inhaled is targeting certain people - but why them? A mind reader is brought in and proves to make this an entertaining episode.     In 'Immortality,' a man and his skelter beetles are causing havoc and bad Olivia aka \\"Fauxlivia\\" gets some bad news. In '6B,' another highly entertaining episode, a supposedly haunted building could well be another so-called soft spot for a vortex to come through. As for Peter and the real Olivia, well, they finally get together in Our world! In 'Subject 13,' a flashback episode to 1985, Peter and his wife are still at odds over the child they have - Peter, but not 'their' Peter, which he now suspects - and a freaky mind meld of Good vs. Bad worlds come to the fore.    In 'Os,' a liquid metal is stolen to allow a man - the always-great Alan Ruck ('Spin City') to combine with another element to inject into wheelchair-bound people; in the hopes that it will enable them to walk again. Great idea, save for the fact that what he injects them with makes them float!! In 'Stowaway,' Dr. Bell comes back through a ring of a bell, but only his mind, which is now inside Olivia! She even gets to speak like him, but in her own voice - which is pretty sweet and yet weird at the same time (to watch and listen to!) The storyline is one of a female suicide jumper that just cannot die!     In 'Bloodline,' \\"Fauxlivia\\" is pregnant and kidnapped, has her pregnancy accelerated, and then has her baby in a Chinese food store - it's a long story! But for what true purpose is revealed right at the end. In 'Lysergic Acid Diethylamide,' the gang link up and enter Olivia's mind to try and \\"find her\\" and get Dr. Bell out and into a computer! This episode is nearly ALL animated and flows just like a comic book. The special features on the creation of the episode say that it normally takes up to a year to create such a thing - and yet for this episode, they only had 4 weeks!    In '6:02 AM EST,' a vortex opens and kills cattle and people on a farm. The Machine sparks into life, without Peter, and so he tries to turnit off himself - not a good idea, as it turns out! \\"Fauxlivia\\" tries to do something good about the upcoming war, but fails. In 'The Last Sam Weiss,' Peter is recovering, but not quickly and not without residual brain effects. Walter figures out that the Machine has to be moved closer to the one on Their world, which means a huge move to Liberty Island.    In the season ending final episode, 'The Day We Died,' most all of the episode jumps to 2026 - once Peter has strapped himself into the Machine - and it all includes some major shocking news ... and one MASSIVE shock moment you won't want to miss! A confusing ending, for me, it has to be said, but one that is explained on Wikipedia by the writers in their summary of what to expect from Season Four. Oh, and once you hit the red dot on the Episode page, you will get a longer version of the funeral scene! Russell A. Trunk (ExclusiveMagazine.com)
6305127697|5.0|This is a very good movie, the acting was superior, Norton was definitely the right choice to play this role and Richard Gere, oh my Gosh, when is this guy going to get a Award, what a great actor. The movie flowed well, with amazing twist! I highly recommend this film
B004EPYZU8|3.0|Sucker Punch, as you probably know by now, is the story of Babydoll. A young woman who is put in an asylum against her will by her stepfather. While there, Babydoll learn to go into her imagination in order to devise an escape plan. Along the way, she's joined by inmates(Sweet Pea, Rocket, Blondie and Amber) who work together to escape the hellhole they're in before her stepfather(the Highroller) returns to get her.<br /><br />I'll admit, I'm a big fan of Snyder's films. I have faith in his talent as a Director. Yet, for some reason, this movie just didn't do anything for me. Aside from plenty of eyecandy and cool visuals(as visually, it's stunning), there's not much here to be interested in. It lacks soul and you just can't get invested in the characters. I don't know whether it was wooden performances given by everyone or the fact that there's not much story to go on or what. I just know that I was somewhat disappointed in this movie.<br /><br />Keep in mind, however, Sucker Punch isn't an awful or bad movie. It's just not a good one.  So, unless you're a Snyder fan who collects all his movies, I'd steer clear of this one. It's a good timewaster but nothing else.
B003DMGOJS|5.0|I ordered this film for my wife, she absolutely loves it, if you like \\"fashion\\" and styles, I highly suggest this film, it also fits in other film categories like The Devil Wears Prada..or even Sex in The City..she watches this film fromm time to time over and over and see's something different each time, she told me she really liked the movie !
B005D9MUWY|5.0|I used the stock android keyboard, swype, and SwiftKey is hands down the best. I used an iphone before and was a very fast typer, i think I'm even faster with SwiftKey. Only thing is if you swear you have to teach it because it won't give you an option for curses lol
B001FB55L2|5.0|I am really surprised this film did not stay longer at the theater, it is a really good movie, acting by Tobie and Jake was superior, very well directed, excellent filming and editing. The story line was well written, this movie is the kind of movie that has you sitting on the edge of the couch ..part of the film, in the story, it makes a parent want to \\"whip\\" that little girl in the film, I have to give it to the children in the film, they really deserve acting notice and recognition for playing good beleivable parts
B003Q6D2B4|4.0|I thought that this movie was very entertaining. I'm a big Bruce Willis fan and as usual he did an excellent job and John Malkovich did a great job with his character being somewhat off the wall as I picture him myself. Helen Mirren was a surprise character to me and I always enjoy everything that Morgan Freeman brings to every character he plays. This movie is worth every penny I had to pay for it and I hope it did well at the box office because I wouldn't mind seeing some kind of sequel.
1401310400|3.0|I love the show, that's why I read it. Luckily I was positively surprised.    It is true that the plot and many, many scenes in the book were directly lifted from the show, but in this case that was part of the charm. I got to spend few hours with the characters I love twisted into something fitting on the pages of a detective story.    Unfortunately as much as I enjoyed chuckling at the jokes, the culprit was way too obvious for that fourth star I so desperately wanted to give this book. I hear the second is better. Must find out if this is true or not.    Most of all, I think I loved the acknowledgements.
B0052VI2V6|5.0|I just received this and I'm very impressed with the 5.1 multi-channel mix. It's totally immersive and very natural-sounding, with vocals in the front and instrumentals nicely distributed among all channels.  According to another reviewer, it's the same mix that was used on the 2001 DVD-audio disc, which is currently going for over $200. I can confirm that the copyright date listed on this disc is 2001, which would indicate that Warner did in fact use the same mix.    The SACD is in a plastic jewel case and includes the original booklet in English, with photos, as well as a booklet with the lyrics in Japanese. This SACD is a must-have for anyone who loves the music, because unless you have the DVD-A disc, you've never heard it this good. Snag it before it goes out of print!  Highly and warmly recommended.
B004X8W4A4|4.0|I hate to be conformist, but there it is. Four stars. I didn't even guess the killer until the culprit was served on a platter to the reader. It was more about enjoying the road than the reaching the destination even if it was lined with mountains of trash.    And again, the acknowledgements, they were... I can't say like the cherry on top of a huge ice cream serving because I don't like cherries, but you get the gist. Don't you?
B004EPYZUI|1.0|This is a vile and disgusting film. Huge plot holes. Horrible treatment of women. No resolutions that are at all satisfying. I felt dirty and unclean after watching this film.
055358202X|4.0|I read the first three books in the series years ago and refused to read AFFC until ADWD came out. I just finished Feast and don't fully understand what all the complaining is about. While I do agree that the fourth book is not as action-packed and fast-paced as the first three books I still enjoyed reading it.     A common complaint from reviewers was that Cercei's chapters were superfluous and needlessly long. While Cersei was given too many pages I feel that developing her character was important and essential to understanding her. Martin brilliantly illustrated the mind of a paranoid and incompetent dictator. Cersei saw plots within plots and her paranoia towards and jealousy of Margaery Tyrell was her downfall. Her character and storyline in this book was not as compelling as a Jon Snow or Tyrion in books past, but she is the main player in King's Landing at the time of the book and exploring her thoughts and actions was necessary.     Jaime's chapters were a treat and his rapid transformation from an arrogant and dishonest killer to a cautious and honorable knight was a joy to read about. His chapters represented character development at its finest--learning from past mistakes and forging a new path for the future.     I wholeheartedly agree with the reviewers who mentioned Brienne's lack of development in this book. Her character seems to have served the same function in this book as Arya did in Clash and Storm--she wanders the land and her chapters show much of the suffering of the common people in a war zone. Despite the usefulness of her chapters her character makes little headway. She starts out as a suspicious and insecure female knight and ends the book as one. I honestly found Podrick Payne to be a more sympathetic character and was more upset that he (SPOILER) had a rope around his neck than she did at the end.     Sansa's chapters were not exciting and too much time was spent on little Robert's frailties and spoiled nature. We already knew this fromthe last three books and I got so sick of the word 'Sweetrobin' by the end of AFFC. These chapters showed Petyr scheming in the Vale and Sansa FINALLY losing some of her childish innocence and stupidity. Sansa at 13 now has at least some of the wit and guile that Arya had at 9. It was interesting to read about Sansa's slow change from a whimsical, song-obsessed child to a young woman becoming adept at court intrigue.     Arya's chapters were good fun and I found myself wishing that she had a few more. Surely some of Brienne's could have been given to her? I've found Arya to be the most interesting character besides Tyrion in the whole series and loved reading about her beginnings on the path to becoming a Faceless Man. I hope a good many chapters are devoted to her in Dance. We see Arya grow as a character and she learns some prudence and wisdom to go along with her inner fire and drive.     I found the chapters about the Greyjoys to be dull and they felt too much like filler to me. I understand that (SPOILERS) Victarion's voyage to seek out Dany could prove to be important later on but did we need several chapters to get to that? We learned that Euron is crowned, Asha and Aeron vanish, and Victarion is jealous of his brother but grudgingly follows orders. ONE chapter could have achieved that.     The chapters about Arianne Martell and Dorne were mildly interesting but as with the Greyjoys ONE long chapter could have gotten us to where we were at the end. We learn about Arianne's plan for Myrcella and Doran's plan for vengeance against the Lannisters, but it took far too many pages to get us there.    I came away from this book satisfied but certainly not overawed. After the success of the first three books it seems like Martin is less willing to suffer a proper editor taking a pair of scissors to his bloated books. While I did enjoy this book overall it had in 976 pages; the same amount of excitement and plot development was achieved in HALF of any of the three previous books. He has came out and said that AFFC and ADWD are intended to mainly be setup for the (hopefully) final two books so perhaps we can forgive the ponderous pace of AFFC.     I hope this review helps those considering this book. Sorry for any unnecessary spoilers.
B000GGSMFS|5.0|I had heard the stuff about 2 years ago, and buy it only now. Angel's voices and pretty sound of a songs we thought we knew well :) It's still playing in my headphones as I'm typing these words. \\"Dance with me\\" & \\"Confusion\\" are my favorite. Don't miss this album.
0812550706|5.0|I would highly recommend this book. It is very well written. The characters are well developed. Even if your not normally a sci-fi fan this is a book that you can't put down, and will read over and over!
030788743X|5.0|Never done a review before but this book needs to be known.  Best book I've read in a year.  I'm a 50 year old guy, not a video game person but this book was fascinating.  The twists and turns were outstanding but I was extremely disappointed that when I typed in Ernest Cline's name on Amazon there wasn't a bunch more written by this guy.  I'll be patient but hope the wait isn't too long...
0811826848|5.0|I got this book at a half price book store. (15:00!!!!!!) it is such an AMAZING book! I really recommend it.
0439023521|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read.  The plot, along with the incredibly descriptive writing style of Collins, pulled me into this book.  I spent two afternoons reading this book and the next, Catching Fire.  I couldn't stop until they were finished.  I actually read the third book in about a day and a half, but it is definitely not as good as the first book.  Nonetheless, I was sad when the story ended and I had to move on with life.  This is a must read book!
B0041KKYBA|1.0|This film is created in much of the same way you'd see a Michael Moore conspiracy film is usually made. As soon as I heard Matt Damon's voice I knew this would probably not be as partisan a look at the crisis as it could be. And I was right.<br /><br />Read the book \\"Fault Lines\\" by someone who was actually IN the film - Rajan (the Indian guy). If you read interviews with him after the release of the film, he's actually outraged at the fact that they edited him to seem like he agreed wholeheartedly with their view. In his book he even states the gov't had more to do with lending to less credit worthy borrowers with the introduction of mandates forcing people to do it than did the Wall Street firms. Of course, none of those facts make the movie since it doesn't play in to their adgenda.<br /><br />If you want to learn about the crisis I'd steer clear of this biased film and read Fault Lines or Too Big to Fail.
B001HX497E|5.0|This is the best product I've bought on Amazon so far. I love the Mission: Impossible movies. These are the best. My absolute favorite one is Mission: Impossible 3. I like director J.J. Abrams' other works like Lost, Alias & more recently Star Trek, so this is a good one. I thought that Pilip Seymour Hoffman was an excellent choice to play the main villain Owen Davian. I also like Tom Cruise as Ethan Hunt. I'm looking forward to seeing what's in store for the new M:I movie Mission: Impossible: Ghost Protocol coming out this December:-)
0545265355|5.0|I received my Hunger Games series very quickly.  I have already started reading them to my class and my students love them.  The books arrived in perfct condition.
B00023B1LC|5.0|Great action thriller.  The first of the three Bourne movies and great to watch every time! Given as a gift.
B000002VMD|5.0|I love this album, just wish there were more songs by Whitney.  The songs she sings on this album are her best.  Her voice is like velvet, and the lyrics just grab you and reach down to your very core.  Songs I love to sing and add my own personal twist.
B00000JMOF|4.0|this is a classic movie, filmed in the 1930's, i was a little skeptical how it would be put on dvd, however i was not disappointed and the dvd was in good condition and played very well. i have enjoyed introducing my children, the youngest, 7 yrs old, to this classic horror film. having order many dvds from amazon sellers, most used, i have yet to make a bad or even slightly disappointing purchase. suffice to say, i have been very happy adding to my dvd collection with my purchases from amazon and will continue to do so.
B004EPYZTE|3.0|I have been waiting years for someone to do Robert E. Howard right.  I'm still waiting. The film has some nice moments and Jason Momoa makes the role his own -- REH would have been happier with him than he ever would be with Arnold Schwarzenegger.  Yet, like the Milius adaption it suffers from this bizaare need to give Conan an origin that Howard never bothered with -- beyond references to his being born on a battlefield, fighting at the sack of an Acquilonian outpost when he was fifteen.  Ian Fleming never felt the need to do an origin on James Bond -- in CASINO ROYALE you meet a full-fledged professional agent.  Howard's first Conan story he is King of Acquilonia. In the second he is a thief new to the lands south of his native Cimmeria.  He wrote the saga as if the old adventurer was sitting around a campfire, regaling with his adventures as they came to him. Sean Hood has idea for the 2nd film, a pre-credits sequence using \\"The Frost Giant's Daughter\\" and after the credits, \\"Queen of the Black Coast\\".  That would be more like it.  Howard's Conan tales are mostly novellas -- which makes them perfect for adaption as movies.  One can only hope that the overseas box office and home video justify a second film (ala THE PUNISHER).  Will I buy this on blu ray?  Yes.  It is certainly better than CONAN THE DESTROYER, KULL THE CONQUEROR or RED SONJA.  It could have been so much more. Tyler Bates score is servicable but anyone is going to suffer in comparrision to the late Basil Pouldouris.  What do I like?  Well, beyond Momoa, I love Ron Perlman and he does well as always.  The action is wall to wall and Momoa does it incredibly.  Rose MacGuowan is suitably creepy as Marique. Stephen Lang is a good actor but the role somehow seems lacking. The sand golem sequence is terrific.  Yet all in all, this film doesn't quite fit the bill. One can only wonder what a Walter Hill, Oliver Stone or Robert Rodriguez could do with the property.  I am placing my hopes of a good adaption on Andrew Stanton's JOHN CARTER.  Listen, don't get me wrong.  Did I enjoy this film.  I did. I am just disappointed that it wasn't it really could have been.  Let us all cross our collective fingers that a second Conan film gets made and they get it right.n Andrew Stanton's JOHN CARTER.  Listen, don't get me wrong.  Did I enjoy this film.  I did. I am just disappointed that it wasn't it really could have been.  Let us all cross our collective fingers that a second Conan film gets made and they get it right.
B002ZG9774|5.0|Ordered two copies one for me and one for my niece. Movie is great, Cher and Christina are very good. love so much seeing Cher on another movie and singing. Can listen to her all day. Amazon is great too. simple to order, arrived on time, in good condition. These people are consummate professionals. If you order from amazon you will be happy. I am and tell family and friends use amazon they will treat you right.
0062060554|2.0|I had to fight to stay awake once I got into the book.  Another book where the author must have been paid by the word... too many of them.
1596432594|4.0|With his colorful personality and constant propensity to get into all kinds of adventures, Richard Feynman is probably the perfect scientific character to commit to comic book form, so in one way this graphic novel is long due. What is remarkable is how powerfully Ottaviani and Myrick harness this unique medium to accurately dramatize the life and qualities of this genius. Both authors are uniquely qualified for this endeavor, having already penned graphic portraits of Niels Bohr, Robert Oppenheimer and Leo Szilard.<br /><br />Ottaviani and Myrick manage to capture the essential characteristics that made Feynman such a cherished teacher, scientist, friend, colleague, and public personality. Most importantly, the book succeeds in vividly bringing out Feynman's quintessential quality of almost obsessively staking out his own iconoclastic path both in science and in life. The biography is really a memoir akin to \\"Surely You're Joking Mr. Feynman\\" since it features Feynman's own account of his life, work and intellectual development. The great strength of the book is that it uses close-ups and color to highlight key words and moments from Feynman's life. While the biographical information in the book has been covered in other works and most notably in Feynman's own memoirs, the comic book form has a very different impact because of the combined literary-visual effect it has on the viewer.<br /><br />For instance, in describing Feynman's time at Los Alamos, one can actually see people's bewildered faces as they struggled to comprehend both his genius in solving intractable physics problems and his wildly successful attempts at safe-breaking. There are evocative close-ups of Feynman's father teaching him to appreciate and truly understand nature during walks in the park, of Feynman encouraging his sister to learn science and his wonderful and tragic relationship with his first wife. Also included are Feynman's strip-club forays (during which he solved physics problems), his famous dunking of the Challenger space shuttle's O-rings into a glass of cold water to demonstrate their failure (again rendered much more dramatic by the graphic medium) and some fairly detailed albeit brief discussions of his pioneering work in quantum mechanics.<br /><br />I was especially convinced of the power of the graphic form during the parts dealing with Feynman's lectures about scientific wonder and humility. As he paced the podium at Caltech and stressed the importance of holding oneself to an absolute standard of integrity, successive panels of the book zoomed in on his face. This device which is commonly employed in comic books imparts a heightened sense of importance to the words in a way that would not be evident on simply reading them. The other idea used in the comic medium is to intersperse the narrative with divergent panels; for instance, Feynman's eloquent description of science as a great game of chess intersects with snapshots of a chess game played by two people in a park where his father has taken him for a walk.<br /><br />The minor gripe I have with this comic account is that the faces of different characters are sometimes not easily distinguishable. In addition the narrative would have had a bigger impact if the characters resembled their real life counterparts. But these minor points detract little from the volume's novelty. Ottaviani and Myrick have done a wonderful job in making a unique scientist and human being come alive in these pages. With the mountains of literature written about Feynman one would think that there's nothing new that could be said or done. But this \\"dramatic picture\\" of Richard Feynman, as his friend Freeman Dyson calls it, will occupy a proud place on the shelves of Feynman fans. Knowing his fondness for fun, Dick would undoubtedly have approved.the Challenger space shuttle's O-rings into a glass of cold water to demonstrate their failure (again rendered much more dramatic by the graphic medium) and some fairly detailed albeit brief discussions of his pioneering work in quantum mechanics.   I was especially convinced of the power of the graphic form during the parts dealing with Feynman's lectures about scientific wonder and humility. As he paced the podium at Caltech and stressed the importance of holding oneself to an absolute standard of integrity, successive panels of the book zoomed in on his face. This device which is commonly employed in comic books imparts a heightened sense of importance to the words in a way that would not be evident on simply reading them. The other idea used in the comic medium is to intersperse the narrative with divergent panels; for instance, Feynman's eloquent description of science as a great game of chess intersects with snapshots of a chess game played by two people in a park where his father has taken him for a walk.  The minor gripe I have with this comic account is that the faces of different characters are sometimes not easily distinguishable. In addition the narrative would have had a bigger impact if the characters resembled their real life counterparts. But these minor points detract little from the volume's novelty. Ottaviani and Myrick have done a wonderful job in making a unique scientist and human being come alive in these pages. With the mountains of literature written about Feynman one would think that there's nothing new that could be said or done. But this \\"dramatic picture\\" of Richard Feynman, as his friend Freeman Dyson calls it, will occupy a proud place on the shelves of Feynman fans. Knowing his fondness for fun, Dick would undoubtedly have approved.
B0058A119G|4.0|OK.. After reading how this is either the best album ever recorded by Barbra Streisand - or it's the worst.. I figure it's time I toss my 2 cents into the ring as well.<br /><br />Without question, the girl can still sing. Those who say \\"time for Barbra to give it up\\" are wrong. Her voice is still impressive - as is her interpretive style. Streisand remains an incredible talent. There are many fine performances on this CD - some are truly outstanding. But, I also have to agree that the CD becomes... well... boring. I find this disturbing, too. What with the great vocals on this CD, why should it be boring? I don't believe it's because all the songs are ballads (even the uptempo songs are \\"slow\\") - case in point? Ella Fitzgerald's \\"Take Love Easy\\" album (also recorded late in her career - as is this one, for Barbra). Ella's album is 10 ballads in a row - but never boring. I think that's partly because it's done simply: voice & guitar. That simple. You get drawn into what Ella's doing - and you can hear the fun she's having, singing - even ballads, she's having fun.<br /><br />With Streisand's new CD, we've got some extraordinary tracks. \\"Windmills of Your Mind\\" is stunning. \\"What Matters Most\\" is heartbreaking, really - the song, the vocal, the words... truly beautiful. BUT... there are other songs that I feel Streisand was sabotaged... and sabotaged by the string arrangements. \\"Alone in the World\\" for instance... What an amazing song, and what a terrific vocal Streisand gives us. But, then... here come the strings. Once you happen to focus on the strings playing, you hear them every step of the way... They never shut up - cluttering the background with so many unnecessary flourishes, you just want to make them stop! I kept trying to imagine that song, without the strings - same thing with \\"So Many Stars\\" (and a few other songs as well)... Without those strings going nonstop, she would have wound up with a cleaner sound - a better background to showcase that still exquisite instrument of hers.<br /><br />Has her voice aged? Of course. But she is still amazing. Does the voice rasp at times? Sure. But I've ached (for years) to hear imperfections in her sometimes too-perfect recordings... I'm actually glad to hear the occasional raspiness. It's incredible to hear this woman sing.<br /><br />Speaking of \\"So Many Stars\\" (mentioned above)... First I've heard anyone other than Sarah Vaughan sing this song (on her Brazilian CD - think it was her last recording). Sarah does a great job on it - and I love her arrangements on that CD. Made me think it'd be a great direction for Streisand to go - an \\"earthier\\" band/group behind her... shed the strings, go for the gut emotions - blemishes and all...<br /><br />Solid highlights on this CD: \\"Nice & Easy,\\" \\"That Face,\\" \\"Windmills of Your Mind,\\" \\"What Matters Most,\\" & \\"Solitary Moon.\\"<br /><br />FYI - I got the 2-CD set, but this review is only for the new recordings. The 2nd CD is made up of songs already released, already reviewed to death.<br /><br />Do I recommend this CD? You bet. Probably, tho', it'd be better to take a few uptempo tracks from past CDs and intersperse them on this one...nt of hers.    Has her voice aged? Of course. But she is still amazing. Does the voice rasp at times? Sure. But I've ached (for years) to hear imperfections in her sometimes too-perfect recordings... I'm actually glad to hear the occasional raspiness. It's incredible to hear this woman sing.    Speaking of \\"So Many Stars\\" (mentioned above)... First I've heard anyone other than Sarah Vaughan sing this song (on her Brazilian CD - think it was her last recording). Sarah does a great job on it - and I love her arrangements on that CD. Made me think it'd be a great direction for Streisand to go - an \\"earthier\\" band/group behind her... shed the strings, go for the gut emotions - blemishes and all...    Solid highlights on this CD: \\"Nice & Easy,\\" \\"That Face,\\" \\"Windmills of Your Mind,\\" \\"What Matters Most,\\" & \\"Solitary Moon.\\"    FYI - I got the 2-CD set, but this review is only for the new recordings. The 2nd CD is made up of songs already released, already reviewed to death.    Do I recommend this CD? You bet. Probably, tho', it'd be better to take a few uptempo tracks from past CDs and intersperse them on this one...
B004GYY714|4.0|I LOVE that I can listen to BBC Radio1 live in Baltimore Md! BUT, other stations that I listen do daily are no longer available?
0553381407|5.0|We are all trying to heal from the wounds of our childhood, some with deeper scars and gashes than others. This remarkable book will help you mend yours, and supply valuable insight and compassion for everyone else trying to heal theirs.<br /><br />-Jacqueline Marcell, Author 'Elder Rage, or Take My Father... Please! How to Survive Caring for Aging Parents', International Speaker on Eldercare & Alzheimer's
B004EPZ09S|3.0|Who wrote this one?  Which version is it?   Robin Cook?  I see who the director is and its Warner Brothers.  Which author did they take this one from?
B005J2UM9S|3.0|Grave Encounters could have been a great horror film. That being said it's not really all that bad, but I expected more. First you will see a standard Blair Witch \\"this footage was found\\" speech that segues into a rip-off of Ghost Adventures right down to the taped Xs. Fortunately the lead character is not quite up to Zak Bagans' superhero level of douchebaggery, yet.  From there you will find yourself watching a decent ghost flick until they throw some creatures into the mix. I assume the creatures are some variety of face distorting demon. If you have seen 2005's Constantine you know what I'm talking about. You will also be introduced to a lobotomist that will supply the \\"plot twist\\" at the end. If you have seen 2001's Session 9 you have seen the twist. As a matter of fact if you have seen Ghost Adventures, Session 9, and the Korean ghost girl in car video on YouTube you have seen the whole freaking movie. For a lot less than six dollars. I must say I admire the Vicious Brother's total disregard for potential copyright infringement litigation. At multiple points in film you will find yourself thinking \\"These guys either have the world's greatest attorney or really large gonads.\\"
1416594795|5.0|Read the book for the love of biology, not to debate with creationists.    I really enjoyed reading this book as it went over and explained many of the recent advances in biology and was thought provoking in the process.  What I didn't think it was so much geared towards was, was providing snappy and quick answers for debating.  To me this book was for the person that wants to learn more about evolution and biology, and would perhaps would want to use this as a starter to go on and learn more.    It seems at some point one has to decide if they want to spend the majority of their time and energy arguing with creationists, or further exploring the wonders of biology.  After all most of us are limited in our time and energy.  This book is more for those that want to explore the wonders of biology.  I really enjoyed reading this.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|I read this book in 4 hours. I am a reader that loves a good bad boy romance. I have book lists running constantly so that i dont forget the books I've read and loved. In the last fortnight out just over 150 books this one doesnt even need to go on the list, i wont ever forget it. I would read stories like Beautiful Disaster and never feel the need to stray.   The chemistry between all of the main characters is captivating and i felt the flush under my skin and the moments my heart clenched in time with an emotion Abby or Travis was feeling. Jamie has done and incredible job of maintaining an equal love for both characters even though the book is seen more from Abbys side, i found my self crossing my fingers hoping for my ideal out come.     i wasnt  dissapointed in the least from the momment i read the first words but found my self disapointed when i realised there were no more words to read. Perfect lenght, perfect complications, perfect ending, amazing character development and incredible talent.     Ive been converted and Jamie has become one of my favourite authors!   I recommend this book to anyone that has a love for an amazing read, a gorgeous bad boy rebel that fights for what he wants and protects who he loves as well as a leading lady that fights her own battles even when she could lean on him to save her.
B0054N73EY|5.0|Well, I have to say, I was blown away by this album. There's no doubt when listening that this is the Red Hot Chili Peppers, but at the same time, there's something....different about its sound, something new and unique. Each and every song, it seems, has subtle details to it musically that I keep discovering with each listen. Whether it's one of Flea's many sick bass lines (he really gets to shine here) or little touches from new guitarist Josh Klinghoffer (more on him later) it really feels like this is an album that has to be listened to multiple times for it to really be heard.     The band's not only in top form but they seem re-energized. Songs like Goodbye Hooray show that they're still able to rock, while the mellow Police Station's a complete showcase for the excellent guitar work and a real album highlight. Brendan's Death Song's going to be stuck in my head for days, and Monarchy of Roses sounds like Warped but with a disco touch. Bizarre but very cool. Even You Brutus and Look Around sees singer Anthony Kiedis return to rapping after its absense (for the most part) on their previous two albums, and I dig it. But what I really love about this album is that it's probably the most consistently \\"good\\" Chili Peppers CD I've heard; almost no songs (can't say I really like Meet Me at the Corner) are skippable for me, and while there might not be a definitive \\"best song they've ever done\\" on here, each one is great in its own right and this, more than any other RHCP CD I've heard, sounds like an album, not just a collection of (very good, don't get me wrong) tracks.     Now, the guitar. This is the first album released since Californiacation without guitarist John Frusciante, a great guitar player who played a huge role in the Chili Peppers' sound. His replacement, Josh Klinghoffer (a long time friend of the band) plays with a very different style. Whereas Fruciante liked his clean guitar solos and liked to have his playing front and center, Klinghoffer favors more of an atmospheric, subtle and unclean style. Did I Let You Know has the most \\"Front-and-center\\" guitar and even this is a simple but pleasant melody. On my first listen I wasn't entirely won over by him, and I missed the soulful playing of Frusciante, whose warm solos made songs like the Zephyr Song so amazing. But then the more I listened, the more I caught what Klinghoffer was doing, and I've discovered that his guitar playing's also beautiful but in an entirely different way. (Towards the end of Police Station is a great showcase of this.) He favors short and sharp notes with gaps between them rather than Fruciante's often longer, more complex and uninterrupted solos, and he's not afraid to play backup to Flea's bass, something I think Frusciante had difficulty doing. When he does let loose on Goodbye Hooray, his solo's not melodic and polished but fast and chaotic and very intense. (Flea also gets a great bass solo too in this song.) It's a totally different sound but once it grew on me, I have to say, I've developed an all new appreciation for it. I hope we don't have to wait another 5 years for the next RHCP CD because I want to see what a more confident Klinghoffer will bring to the table.     There are other little touches that add so much to this album. The piano's an incredible addition and my jaw dropped when I first heard it. I actually don't even want to spoil the other instruments that make surprise appearances but they too add a whole level of richness to the sound.    Overall, I have very few complaints here. I'm With You is exactly the right length, it has the right number of tracks, the songs are varied enough yet still sound like they belong on the same album, and everyone in the band is in top form. Stadium Arcadium seemed like a giant celebration of all the many styles that came before it, a big compilation of what made this band what it is. It makes sense, then, that it would be followed by an album that takes them in a new direction and yet, one that feels so familiar. Great stuff.
B0018PH3L0|5.0|the story`s components, setting of Lonesome Dove,  adventure length from Texas to Hat Ranch, Montana, create an adventurous interlude for the story`s characters to express, in both words & action the thoughts of life to make the story come alive and fully created, beautifully.
0345529057|5.0|I ordered the box set and it came exactly as described. I did not have any issues with formatting, so whatever errors were occurring with that seem to have been resolved. The book series is phenomenal and I've enjoyed reading the books very much. I can't wait to get the 5th book!
0385335989|4.0|This Book could've been easily 5 stars (IMHO) if Not for two things that more or less *forced* me to give it 4.<br /><br />I'm not going to rehearse the plot, a lot of people already did that wonderfully however I'm going to say what Bugged me the most about this book.<br /><br />First of all, I enjoyed the story well enough even though it kept switching between Jamie & Claire in 18th Century NC and 20th Century Bree & Roger. I didn't mind the Brianna and Roger parts too much it was somehow sweet though not as interesting as Claire and Jamie. I thought Brianna was a tolerable character up till the Stephen Bonnet issue was reviled. That part was *SO* frustrating for me to read about as well as somehow unrealistic.<br /><br />How stupid can someone be to willingly step unprotected and unaccompanied by anyone into a stranger's ship nonetheless only to get raped ? I understand her goal was to retrieve her mother's ring but seriously she could've taken *some* precaution it is the 18th Century we are talking about a simple gun could've saved her all this trouble and then not only does She gets raped but she doesn't tell her mother about it till it's too late and even begs her at one point to not to revile her Rapist's identity to Jamie ? Why ? Because she doesn't want him killed ? Her reasons are beyond stupid and in consequence led to Roger (the love of her life) being beaten brutally and sold to the Mohawks in such a cruel manner for some stupid misunderstanding caused by none other than Bree. Then she gets pregnant and is so convinced the father is Stephen Bonnet. So what does she do ? Go and meet him AGAIN ! You Got to be Kidding me.<br /><br />I failed to feel sorry for Her after a while. It's impossible to believe that Claire (the ever so sensible) is the mother to this whiney/immature/stupid person.<br /><br />Another thing that frustrated me was Stephen Bonnet. As far as Villains goes this guy hasn't much to recommend him. I had *some* respect to past villains in the series who despite their immorality and sometimes *forgive me* perverseness were complex and *had* some intellectual sustain to get them by. If Stephen Bonnet was a *real* person he wouldn't have survived five minutes in the Pirating Business. You are dealing with Gangs and extremely dangerous people who won't hesitate to kill you. It does take more than simply luck to get going in this path. To have him escape from hanging *ONLY* to own a ship and establish himself as a captain who sails from England to the Colonies regularly under the same name is either a sign of how stupid the English authorities are to not have him recognized or how completely unrealistic this is.<br /><br />Stephen Bonnet needed to be Hanged in this book. I know he'll make a reappearance soon however it's not something I'm looking forward to.lity and sometimes *forgive me* perverseness were complex and *had* some intellectual sustain to get them by. If Stephen Bonnet was a *real* person he wouldn't have survived five minutes in the Pirating Business. You are dealing with Gangs and extremely dangerous people who won't hesitate to kill you. It does take more than simply luck to get going in this path. To have him escape from hanging *ONLY* to own a ship and establish himself as a captain who sails from England to the Colonies regularly under the same name is either a sign of how stupid the English authorities are to not have him recognized or how completely unrealistic this is.     Stephen Bonnet needed to be Hanged in this book. I know he'll make a reappearance soon however it's not something I'm looking forward to.
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|I wasn't sure I would like this book. Even with five star reviews, this was something that I usually wouldn't go for. But it was suggested from Amazon. So I downloaded a sample and read the first few pages. After that I had to buy it, just like someone else said in their review I could not put it down. I was reading it at work and almost missed my train out. A wonderful first novel, I can't wait to read more from Ernest Cline.
B003UESJH4|5.0|I Have to admit the Only reason I ever watched The King's Speech was because it was an Oscar winner and Colin Firth was in it. I wasn't expecting much really knowing that Best Motion Pictures can be highly overrated at times. However, I am surprised that I actually ended up loving the film.<br /><br />As far as Historical movies this one was Very Good. I'm not really familiar with this time period in English History to be honest (My favorite being mid 16th till the Victorian Age) so I can't really judge *HOW* accurate this film is I'm sure there are some inaccuracies like every other Historical Film but I frankly didn't care.<br /><br />Colin Firth did an excellent job on his acting I always liked him since he played Valmont and thought he was underrated as an actor so I'm glad he finally got some proper credit the other actors though are also very convincing in their roles. The customs were beautiful and the production was great.<br /><br />If you're a History buff this is a film you might wanna check out sometime and I would recommend it to those who are interested in collecting Best Motion Pictures too.
B004GGQMTW|1.0|I watched this movie when it was in the theaters, then a friend wanted to watch it again...stupid me, I let her talk me into watching this steaming pile of Hollywood bile. The thing that struck me most was how completely idiotic the two main characters were, until they \\"met\\" the truck driver there was no point where they couldn't have turned themselves in and--at worst--gotten probation.<br /><br />Stupid, stupid, stupid.
B004EPYZOO|2.0|DRIVE ANGRY (2011) is a hellish comic book-style movie (aimed at adolescent boys of all ages) that includes a netherworld \\"hero\\"  named John Milton (get it?), lingering images of ghastly head wounds, totally nude women (one catfighting on the street has enormous...charms), overloud hip-hop and headbanger music, and a variety of classic muscle machines (Dodge Charger, Buick Rivera, Chevelle SS, etc.).<br /><br />At times an endless car chase on back country roads and at others a lame attempt to gross out the viewer with splooshing gun and axe wounds, the story goes from one indignity to the next at a rapid pace. Dumbest moment has to be several thugs breaking in on a scowling Nick Cage while he's copulating with an unclothed blonde. They engage in a motel room shootout as a contortionate Cage never allows his coitus to be interruptus. When the enemies are all dead, Cage's \\"date\\" is left cringing in the corner in a state of near-dementia. Hahaha.<br /><br />Upon reflection, a healthy touch of insanity (or masochism) is what's needed to sit through this thng.<br /><br />To briefly describe DRIVE ANGRY's non-linear plot: after the leader of a devil-worshipping cult decapitates Cage's daughter and mounts her femur on the upper end of his walking stick, he steals the dead girl's newborn daughter. Cage, who's rotting in Hades for unspecified sins, escapes with a multi-barreled god-zapping rifle and goes on a quest to avenge his daughter's murder and get back his grandchild.<br /><br />The Grim Reaper, in the form of an elegantly-suited \\"Accountant,\\" follows him to Earth and hunts down Cage and a young girl he's convinced to help with the rescue. Dozens of cars, a chemical truck and an RV are wrecked, explosions abound, and there's hamburger on the highway as bad music pounds like a migraine. We wade through all this to reach the grand finale at at abandoned Louisiana prison, where the cult leader plans to sacrifice the child to Satan on the next full moon, a midnight ceremony that features a fiery pentagram, grimy whirling dervishes and the requisite naked chicks, 40 followers in all. How can Nick possibly prevail against such daunting numbers? Hint: he's already... nevermind.....<br /><br />You don't really want to see this do you? OK, as a dollar REDBOX rental... maybe. Have aspirin and a barf bag at hand, though.agram, grimy whirling dervishes and the requisite naked chicks, 40 followers in all. How can Nick possibly prevail against such daunting numbers? Hint: he's already... nevermind.....    You don't really want to see this do you? OK, as a dollar REDBOX rental... maybe. Have aspirin and a barf bag at hand, though.
B00505470O|5.0|This might be the best album I've heard so far this year. Literally, there isn't one bad track on the album. Each of the 9 songs might sound different, but they fit together beautifully. This is one of those albums you don't skip through tracks to listen to singles, you just enjoy the ride from beginning to end. AMAZING!!!
B004EPYZPI|4.0|I loved this movie so much that I have started reading Michael Connelly books.  They all seem to have a surprise at the end. I thought that the casting was excellent with great performaces by all.
B000H5U832|5.0|I daughter loves it!, works great thanks. Shipping for product was good arrived in a short time.  thanks, brad  [[ASIN:B000H5U832 Cars (Single-Disc Full Screen Edition)]]
B0018S6YO4|5.0|thank you for the great service.  i would not hesitate to do business again with you or your wonderful company.  thanks again for being there for me during my aural need for this product.
B002HFP0R4|5.0|I love how this album is of all 4 Gibbs and on seperate disk..beegees as individuals..plus andy of course!! Love how it looks a history book of the gibbs..great concept...as a beegee fan i have many \\"greatest hits\\" and nearly passed on it but i am glad i bought it it is a true history of the Gibbs
B002UXRH10|5.0|thank you for the great service.  i would not hesitate to do business again with you or your wonderful company.  thanks again for being there for me during my aural need for this product.
B0059R5Q08|1.0|This version was so poorly done I had to turn it off half-way through! There is no passion, no chemistry, no reason to believe these people would have ever fallen for each other. Of course I didn't watch the whole thing, but I did watch enough to know that I didn't believe their romance. By the time I turned it off they had bored me with parts that I thought they would have shortened but hadn't. They cut out important parts, like two of the conversations between Mr. R and Jane leading up to them falling for each other. The conversation they did have was dull, uninteresting and left me not liking Mr. R where in other versions it is the same conversation where one would start liking Mr. R. Will not watch again!
B00428ZRFY|5.0|thank you for the great service.  i would not hesitate to do business again with you or your wonderful company.  thanks again for being there for me during my aural need for this product.
0553801473|3.0|11 yrs with no Jon, Tyrion, Daenerys or even Stannis and after 900 hundred pages NOTHING HAPPENS!  This book keeps working towards a good ending, and then stops right before it.  And the funny thing is the book did not have to be 900 pages.  All three of the main characters had chapters where nothing happened, GRRM could have removed around 200 pages by cutting some of the extra fat.<br /><br />Thank god for the HBO miniseries, seasons 2 and 3 should ROCK!!!<br /><br />***Spoiler***<br />GRRM - IF YOU KILL OFF JON SNOW I WILL BURN YOUR BOOK AND NEVER BUY OR READ ANOTHER BOOK BY YOU AGAIN!
B00000G3I2|5.0|I was very pleased with this transaction. It came within a few days of ordering it and in great condition.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|I opened this book and was sucked in (like many others). As an aspiring YA writer, I wanted to know who Ms. McGuire's agent was, because this (well edited, nicely written) book broke so many industry rules; college aged kids, under-age drinking, violence, alpha male possessiveness, sex scenes...these are all huge publishing no-no's. I came to find that Jamie McGuire is self-pubbed.  My hat is off to her! And, clearly, the rules are begging to be broken if this is the kind of response such a rebellious book brings!    Love it or hate it, this book has the kind of unfettered freedom that is missing from so many traditionally published books. I felt like the author truly wrote the book of her heart, held nothing back, and put exactly what she wanted out there. Yes, it may have been melodramatic. Yes, it may have been co-dependent. But it was raw, honest, and intoxicating. I am an English major and have read (and loved) many of the greats...there's absolute merit in a book so compelling that it leaves you sneaking to the living room so you can flip the light on and read to the end without waking your husband. My sister felt the exact same way; she called this morning to complain to me for loaning it to her; apparently she was so wrapped up in it last night, she got no sleep!    What better recommendation is there? This book wrapped me up in a way few others have in recent months. It was a wonderful experience!
B004LWZW4M|4.0|Nothing really great and deep here except for the fact that it is a movie with some entertaining moments and warns about the dangers of biotechnology. We also get a perspective from animals that are in many ways very similar to us but are currently being used as lab animals to further our medical research. It is in many ways a revenge movie only with captive animals against their human oppressors. I definitely was siding with the apes by midway through the film. Nature is complex and this movie shows that many of the ways we try to tame it may come back to bite us in the rear.     There are some questions I had such as how the treatment that made the apes more intelligent was able to be passed down through the generations through natural breeding if the gene therapy is applied through genetic engineering (which alters somatic cells, not germinal) but when one is watching sci-fi films one should expect to suspend some disbelief or at least be as charitable as one's skeptical attitude will allow.    I felt the animated ape voiced by a real life actor did a great job. His character's actions and facial expressions were a good mixture of both chimp-like but also very human like gestures. Pulling that off must have been a big technical and acting challenge. There weren't any obviously annoying dialogues and super cheesy plot devices (always a plus nowadays) and all the actors I felt did a good job. Sometimes the special effects felt a little fake but overall it was well done.    Movies have always reflected the worries and scares of the times. Sometimes, in hindsight, the attention are not warranted, but I think the worries about biotechnology and the way we are treating animals in labs and nature as a whole are worthy of more attention and concern and I'm glad this movie tackled those issues in a non preachy and entertaining way.
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|I rarely have enough long spans of time to really get deep into a book, but this one sucked me in.  Every pop-culture reference, every geek culture reference, every video game I hadn't played in so long but remembered fondly made me keep reading.  And then, when there's the first major character conflict between two protagonists I thought to myself, \\"OK, now this is more than just a fanciful romp down Memory Lane.  Now it's a book!\\"  From that point on, I was hooked and simply stayed up as late as possible to keep reading.
0670022411|5.0|I picked this book up and could not put it down. If you love True Blood on HBO, this book is for you. It has it all. I agree with another opinion, the ending made me cry, can't wait to read more from Deborah Harkness, please write another soon!
B0016PM722|1.0|highly disappointed with the price, 100 dollars to lite up and advertise the sound of a saber.I can take foil, a flashlight and cardboard and patch together my own saber, make some noise, there,this product has a twin, but like every twin there is one difference, my hand made saber is 4 dollars tops, and this one i bought and returned was 100 plus tax, thank god i came to my sences
B004GUSG4M|5.0|So I read this book a month ago, but I'm still pretty blown by it. Highly recommended. I'll just give you the highlights of my experience rather than to summarize (the book is nothing like what you think it is, so there's no point).    First, I was painfully annoyed. The writing is awkward at best in the beginning (when writing to yourself, you generally don't use formal wording). There is a point where she's writing and hiding it from her husband, and one entry spends about a 9-sentence paragraph describing how he's coming up the stairs and she's frantically trying to finish writing. I mean, she tells us that, instead of just, you know, stop writing.     The more I got into it, the more I was convinced that the author didn't understand the first thing about writing. Her character was inconsistent at best. Why does she instantly remember her son, but can't remember even loving her husband? Why is her husband so sketchy, when it's heavily implied that she desires him (but doesn't remember/love him)??    Then the end happens. We have a big epiphany, and we think the rest is going to be falling action from there. Then THE END HAPPENS!!!! I don't know about you, but my head exploded. Except for the slightest problem: I figured out the twist about 4 pages before the main character did. But other than THAT, it was pretty awesome.    So if you want a brain exploding book, read this, but wait until the end. Up until that point, you're just going to be annoyed like I was.
B001HNE3NO|2.0|This book certainly under delivered as far as I was concerned.  I saw all the plot twists coming and predicted the ending.  Overall, I found certain parts intriguing but it didn't suck me in like a good book should.  I can't believe they're making this into a movie.  I'd be shocked if the movie was any good considering the book is only mediocre.
0061478784|5.0|Wonderful book with a richly drawn world, charming characters, and an engrossing plot that's appealing to adults and young adults alike. This is a real masterpiece that only gets better on rereading.
B004289ZW0|3.0|This GPS works fine as it connect to an iPad via Bluetooth, but the on/off \\"switch\\" is troublesome. Just picking it up can turn it on, but it seems like when you actually want to turn it on or off then it won't listen to you. If you haven't read the details, the \\"switch\\" is activated by sliding your finger across the face. Slide it up and you turn the GPS on; slide down and you turn it off. It may be unique but it just doesn't seem to always be terribly responsive. A physical switch would have been a better design choice.
B0038Z5T4Q|3.0|I bought the set of the original Wall Street and the sequal.  It was an okay movie is all I can say for it.  Michael Douglas of course plays a great bad guy.  I felt it was fairly predictable.
B003AO1SVS|5.0|I ordered this cd and it got lost in the mail. I was sooo bummed but amazon sent me a new one and this cd rocked. One of my favs
0984380213|5.0|Predictable Revenue is a must read for any sales leader looking to maximize efficiency and scale a sales team quickly.  Aaron's insight and tactics provide a solid blueprint for sales success.  I'd highly recommend checking out this book.
B00005QFE5|5.0|Another reviewer said:<br />&#34;This is the best Love Story (movie) ever created, bar none&#34;, and I completely agree. I would say it's possibly one<br />of the best movies ever made. 99% of Hollywood movies are made for one reason, -money. A real filmmaker makes movies for the love and perfection of the art/craft (not for commercialism), to tell a story that resonates with as many people as possible. If he or she can accomplish that feat, then the film will most likely be a commercial success.<br /><br />If there was ever a movie that made people feel compelled to write a review, this is it. They say a picture is worth a thousand words, but words can not do justice to this eloquent story. The scenery and cinematography alone are worth watching. If you have ever longed (in sadness) for a soul-mate or lost the love of your life, this story will touch your heart. I am a grown man, and it brought tears to my eyes several times.<br /><br />When I was watching this, I thought of my parents and myself being an only child. My parents are in their 80s. How will I be able to deal with their passing? Especially without a woman who loves me to comfort and console me and help me get through it. They are the only relatives I have. When I die, our family lineage dies with me. I so desperately want my mother to be able to hold her grandchild before she passes. I am 42 years old and my mother is 85, so time is not on my side. What if I never find love? It is so special and sacred when you do. These were some of the thoughts that were evoked when I watched this film. There are many parallels to the human condition other than (referencing) my own particular situation... And that's the beauty of this film, -that everyone who watches it will experience different emotions, relative to their own lives and experiences.<br /><br />&#34;The Road Home&#34; is not a &#34;Chinese&#34; story. It is the story of all human beings. It transcends languages, cultures, and borders. It is the storyof what we all want and need in life, -to feel whole, -to feel fulfilled, and to be loved. It is a story of true love, of pure love. It is a story about perseverance, commitment, and honor for the duration.<br /><br />I am in love with Zhang Ziyi, if for no other reason than the way she runs in this movie. They could make a movie<br />with just her running (LOL), and I would watch it. She is so cute, and that's what this movie portrays, -innocence, (not innocence lost). This is filmmaking at its finest with no need for gratuitous sex, violence, corruption, lust, greed, foul language etc. Just perfect. Bravo Yimou Zhang and the rest of the crew!!
0553801473|5.0|A Dance With Dragons (ADWD) continues the A Song of Ice and Fire (ASOIF) series in a similar way as the previous installment A Feast For Crows (AFFC) did. That means action is slow, especially at the start of the book. You could consider AFFC and ADWD (which were originally intended to be a single book) to be the eye of the storm that is ASOIF. Personally I did enjoy AFFC, and I liked ADWD even better. However, if the pace in AFFC was too slow for you then you may find similar problems with ADWD, although the pace does pick up considerably at the end of the book.<br /><br />The relatively quiet period is used to move characters into the positions they should occupy before the storm sets in again (geographically as well as politically). We also learn some more about the motives and plans of a few major characters (I especially liked to learn about Varys and the cheesemonger). At the end of the book the pace picks up again, as the storm resumes. Some major events do happen near the end that made me wonder on how the story will continue. This is one of the major strengths of the ASOIF series as a whole, it is very unpredictable, yet all the things that do happen make absolute sense based on the character motives.<br /><br />Characters in this series make choices that fit their complex personality those choices can be good or bad and if a strong character makes a bad choice, it usually ends up bad. That all sounds pretty logical, but it is lacking in most other books I have read (especially in fantasy). That is why the ASOIF series and all books in the series including ADWD stand out in my opinion.<br /><br />I strongly recommend anyone who likes previous books in this series to read ADWD. If you did not like AFFC then you may not like the first part (a good 2/3rd) of ADWD since it is similar, however the last 1/3 of the book picks up pace and promises a lot of action for the next books in the series. If you did enjoy AFFC then this book is good all the way through.
034552554X|5.0|This is beautifully written with a wonderful sense of the characters.  It makes me want to explore the language of flowers and how I use flowers in my home.  If I were younger, it would also inspire me to be a foster parent.
0553801473|2.0|At this rate I think that GRRM with die before he finishes all these plots he is creating. Daenery's is just dragging on forever without going anywhere in this book. It's gotten aggrivating. He has dedicated many whole chapters to characters that you do not care about at all and that are  not furthering the plot anymore than if he had just lengthened another chapter and included it in that one.  I know that in his head GRRM had the entire history and geneology of this fanatasy world and he thinks its all relevant, but throwing out 500 names of ancestors and ancient histories in chapters makes it convoluted and somewhat boring. I think in 6 years when the next book comes out if its anything like this one I will just skim through to see what happens.
B00005JKLZ|5.0|This one does the original with more in the way of special effects. The only new wrinkle is the death of his bride to be in the late 1800's timeline.  It was fun to see this movie update the actual time machine device and the elements that made the original the classic it is today. The Morloks and the new human society were all done very well. Without changing the original story by H.G. Wells the producers had great casting for the roles.  I saw this on Turner Broadcasting Network and decided it was so good I wanted to see the movie without the commericals. It's just like the original in that you can see it multiple times and enjoy it each time.
B0017SWPXY|4.0|The story is a peek into the turmoiled life of race car driver, Denny, as narrated and observed by his ever-faithful and supportive dog, Enzo. What touched me most about the book is Enzo's never-ending support and seeing this through a dog's eyes. There are also many racing metaphors that are found that can apply to our lives - especially during troubling times. Not being familiar with racing, I thought I might grow tired of these metaphors, but they came at just the right times. Overall it was a positive book and quick and easy to read. I only set it down to get some tissue!
B0032UYFA6|5.0|Breaking Bad is a mesmerizing piece of work!  It keeps you on the edge of your seat, because you don't know what is going to happen.  The dialog is excellent.  I never though I would enjoy this series because of the subject matter, but I was wrong.  It is one of the best written shows on the air.   We like shows like \\"The Good Wife.\\" \\"The Sopranos,\\" \\"Madmen,\\" and Masterpiece Theater.
0066620996|4.0|From Good to Great is not a revelation in leadership.  In fact, most leadership books are not.  The concepts, theories and practices are parallel from book to book.  However, I do not desire to discredit respective authors.  In reading Jim Collins \\"Good to Great\\" I have found that his concepts, analogies & theories are very straight forward.     In fact, I believe that Jim is able to paint and translate his desired thoughts much clearer than most leadership authors.    Unfortunately, the common person that purchases leadership or management books fail to self reflect and challenge themselves.  They think that once you read a book, presto- you should be a functional expert at leading.      There is no easy way- it takes character, honesty, integrity & a strong work desire and work ethic.    Good to Great has the capacity to help guide you clearly-
B004SDSSFY|1.0|If you bought an Acer Iconia A-500 the Amazon version is incompatible with the the version of DTG included with the tablet.  You can't delete it either.  Kudos to Amazon for refunding my purchase without question and giving me a $5 credit for my inconvenience.  Jeers to Acer for sticking its users with a piece of bloatware that prohibits you from getting the full version at a lower price.  Oh, and Amazon, save yourselves and your customers some aggrivation and tell users up front you can't buy this from Amazon's apps store.
0756404738|5.0|Great book, better than the first. It's been a few years since I couldn't put a book down and both of your books keep my attention, I feel like it is Christmas, thank you.
B001RTSPVY|4.0|The dvd was new in sealed package but i had a horrible time getting it to play. It skipped,  stopped. And i just kept trying different.players till. I finally.was.able to watch.it. BIT. BY BIT
B004GTLFNW|5.0|Just my humble opinion: Exercise machines are a waste of time. I have a Bowflex with all the accessories in it and it has been sitting there for many years. It's not even a conversation piece but it seats three comfortably. It doubles as a large piece of decoration, though... In all these years, I've been doing simple push-ups, squats, pull-ups and other variations and that works really well! Believe me!  This book really works for me and it should work for anyone weak or strong young or old!  It's a wonderfully written and illustrated book by a real fitness person - a special forces instructor and a martial arts champion who taylored the book for everyone, not just for commandos. As a bonus - I call it a bonus, but it's actually one of the essential parts of the book - you get complete easy to follow programs for beginners and pros alike!
B002G1YPH0|5.0|This heatsink was an amazing buy for me. It fits perfectly in my case and it keeps my CPU cool. I have a i7-2600k and it is overclocked to 3.9Ghz.     The only problem i had with it is the instructions aren't that well written and hard to understand what to do. But if you are building a computer you should be able to figure out what to do
B0058FW26C|4.0|This is an exciting movie, full of high-paced action, and with the convenience of amazon on demand, an overall great experience.
B003ZSJ212|3.0|Ok, enough already!! You StarWars newbies and so called \\"experts\\" are overreacting to something you Haven't  even seen yet!!  I am a 65 year old  fan who stood in line and attend every premier of StarWars. Probably before  many of you were born. I am   willing to give Lucas a chance on this.  I have every collection made including the Original Laser Disc set. I was an early adopter  on this technology. I am looking forward to picking up this set. As I am not yet a fan of 3D because it still has a long way to go.  I was afraid Lucas would skip a step and go straight to 3D.  It is too bad many of you can not appreciate how far we have come in these many years in both content and visual imaging.   Having seen many of the originals on the Big Screen, starting with \\"War of the Worlds\\" and then literally watch Hollywood go  down hill until StarWars came out. There has been very little since that many of us would watch a second or third time. With  the exception of E.T. and a few others.   So let's all sit back relax and give it a chance before \\"Beating it to Death\\"    EK
B00003CXA6|5.0|Name a film that is 4 hours long.<br />There are the [[ASIN:B0026L7H20 The Lord of the Rings]] films which come close at 3 hours a piece and a full version of Hamlet is said to be nearly 4 hours but, in a lifetime of watching films, nothing but 'A Cure for Insomnia' (at 72 hours) and the odd anime film exceed this film's length.<br /><br />To be fair this is fairly justified given the material it covers. Just as [[ASIN:B00008PC0Y Battle of Britain]] and [[ASIN:B000EHSVRS The Longest Day]] spare no expense in being painstakingly detailed, so this film would have been attacked by every 'Comic Book Guy' between the Atlantic and Pacific if it wasn't epic yet precise.<br /><br />Though this film is about American history, even a die-hard Brit such as myself found it hard not to be touched by the intensity of the battle and the films realism. The action was said to be the most realistic you could get before [[ASIN:B00001ZWUS Saving Private Ryan]], and the acting by the likes of Martin Sheen (playing General Lee) and Jeff Daniels (right of the cover, playing Colonel Chamberlain, and Harry Dunne in [[ASIN:0780618556 Dumb and Dumber]]) is second to none.<br /><br />Now, for those of you that have watched the rest of the series (or indeed any material on the American Civil war), you may have found that knowledge of the civil war is often assumed and the prequel to this ([[ASIN:B00009OOFA Gods & Generals]]) goes the entire movie without once naming which battles/ actions are being fought. Happily this film not only has these details within the film (e.g. about Little Roundtop), but also extras to fill in the details. Even if you aren't a history buff or an American, this film is still worth watching.<br /><br />But is it worth 4 hours?<br />Just about. There are a few too many dialogue scenes and it seems from other reviews that I'm not alone in fast-forwarding some of these.<br />Ultimately though, some films define and do full justice to their material and the fact that no one has sought to trump this film means it must be the definitive version.<br /><br />At the end of the day, if you want to learn something profound about the history of the Western world, then this film is definitely worth a watch. If not, then save yourself 4 hours but know that there are few better ways to spend it.st be the definitive version.    At the end of the day, if you want to learn something profound about the history of the Western world, then this film is definitely worth a watch. If not, then save yourself 4 hours but know that there are few better ways to spend it.
0307387178|5.0|This was a great book and I received it in a timely manner in the mail. Overall I am very satisfied.
B002J8LVO0|4.0|...It just doesn't \\"pop\\"    (pardon the pun)    As brilliant as \\"Achtung Baby\\" is, (And LORD, is it a masterpiece...)    UF is a nice, mellow, \\"Get to know me\\", album.    And that's not a bad thing, it's just that Bono's voice starts to sound like a jackhammer during a hungover morning.    Don't get me wrong, UF/AB/ and JT are the three best cd's that U2 will ever record, it's just important to pick your poison.    All 3 are indispensable recordings, it's just that UF could use a little more work.
B003YL4LYI|5.0|This book has surprised me in many ways.  In the first four books the fantasy elements have been kept to a minimum if not just only lightly suggested.  Perhaps, these things were just old fairy tales to the current living characters.  Yet, this 5th book has scenes and characters that are more fantastical than the others combined.  This shocked me, but I am rather fond of how he did this.  It's impressive to see how he was able to put in these new elements of fantasy without deviating from the core nature of these epics.  I hope this was helpful as this is the best way I can describe how this book is different from the others without giving away spoilers.  If you struggled with the 4th book, this one makes up for it.
B0006J28L4|4.0|I saw this film a long time ago, but after reading about some other historical figures, I was reminded of my impressions of this film. I appreciate that some readers feel Malcolm was a racist - but he probably had reason to be. However, the film had one of those \\"a ha\\" moments for me, and I admit that I don't know if this reflected the real Mr. X or the sensibilities of Mr. Lee. After X's conversion in prison, he visits Saudi for the Haj. A scene shows him sitting in a tent with various types of men from all over the world. A blond, blue eyed \\"devil\\" offers X a drink from a tin cup. If I remember correctly, there a voice over from X that he was stunned/humbled/amazed that this white man who represented all those who had abused X in the past was willing to share a cup of water, and drink from the cup after X.    In the next instant, I expected X to look around and and notice ! that 50% of the Arabian population was not in that tent with him. I thought he was going to intone, I hated a white man and he showed me kindness, and at least this one's not a jerk. But where are the ladies? Oh, yeah, they're locked up and if they run around without their winding sheets, they'll be beheaded!     Malcolm (Spike?) take the log out of your own eye! This moment distills how politics is personal. Malcolm gets whaled on by whitey, but is oblivious to the gender politics espoused by his new religion.    Please keep in mind that I haven't read X's own words regarding gender discrimination, but this little moment is a bit seminal in films like this. Oppressed person grows, even expands his mind against the oppressor, but then doesn't see other things around him.     As a package this movie is very good, and as one of the white devils, I appreciated the anger of black (men) better. However, given that X was intelligent and obviously self-aware, I expected him to look into himself and see how his new faith viewed the other half of the world. (Unless he was astute enough to realize that the N of Islam guys were so sexist he better not mention it.)
0553801473|3.0|I've followed this series for the better part of a decade and the quality of storytelling has definitely lagged. Martin can still write, but I feel he's lost his way a bit when it comes to plot. Characterization also feels off in this book, and unfortunately it's most obvious in Jon, Dany, and Tyrion, as they have the most chapters. The first half of this series had a clear overall setup for the characters, along with serious WHOA moments, and they stand together cohesively. Feast when it came out felt a bit like turning the wrong corner. Dance is even worse...turning the corner and finding a gaping pit where the ground should be...a gaping pit where at the bottom, people in pairs are purposefully wandering in circles, all the while chatting amongst themselves about food and history.
1416955070|3.0|I have...very mixed feelings about City of Bones. I liked it, but I<br />didn't like it. I wanted to keep reading, but I don't want to keep<br />reading. See? Mixed. Confused.<br />I'll be honest, I devoured this book. Not devoured because I insanely<br />loved it, but devoured because this book was so bad.<br /><br />This is the kind of book where you can easily guess what a character<br />is going to say or do beforehand. It's very predictable, painfully so.<br />These characters have a set multiple choice sequence to act upon and<br />they do not deviate from this. I imagine the characters are like a<br />computer, there's only a certain amount of information you can store<br />and after that you have to start deleting things to make room for<br />other information. Only the bare necessities survive.<br /><br />There was a certain scene at the end of the book, where I was waiting<br />for Clary to say the obvious. I kept reading and reading and reading<br />even more, but she never did. I don't like going in loops to get back<br />to the main point. Hate it, in fact. That was a problem for me<br />throughout City of Bones. Some things were focused on too heavily<br />and others, the things that were important, were pushed to the side<br />and I was left feeling irritated.<br /><br />While there's a bunch of negative things, I can't let the whole<br />review be about the bad things. The good things include: Luke (a<br />friend of Clary's mom), Alaric (which I'm still upset about), and<br />Church the cat.<br /><br />I really don't have anything positive to say except; you won't be able<br />to put it down.
B002KKBVTC|5.0|This is not a toy, it is a model kit and/or hobby tool. It does great at it is designed to do. It does scribing like a champ and some other not intend for things as well. The handle has kept firm and the lock keeps the blade tight.
B0054N73EY|4.0|You guys believe it? It's been more than 5 years since the Chilis released Stadium... The wait for new material from my favourite band has been a long one, to say the least.    The day I heard Frusciante decided to leave the Chilis was a devastating blow to me. It was a sad time for me and a lot of Chili Peppers fans alike. I got through it though, accepting the fact that John was passed the rock band stage in his life and wanted to focus on creating his own stuff. It made it easier for me to accept knowing that he left on good terms and that he was truly happy with the decision.     I don't know where I heard it from, but the Chilis acknowledged they were a completely brand new band, except for the fact that they just kept the name... I first listened to the album when they streamed it online. Yesterday, on the first day of release, I drove like a madman during my lunch break from work and bought the album (I haven't bought an actual CD in ages). I wanted to write about this earlier but I thought, the least I could do is give it a real good listen before I began to critique it. One has to understand that this is the follow up to Stadium Arcadium, pretty much a 'perfect' album in every sense.    My overall feel for the album is pretty good. I already knew going into it that I was not going to get the same feeling I would from a Frusci chilied album... I mean, Frusci lives to play music. His passion, devotion, and love for music is so strong, its an inspiration to see how in tune somebody can be with something... Comparing Josh to Frusci can't be done fairly because we all know Frusci is simply put, irreplaceable.    The album seemed very chills to me, which is what the Chilis bring, so I thought Josh did a great job on keeping that Chilis feel. But you're also missing a lot of the funk, something John started off in with and went through this amazing evolution over the years...Chad is solid like he always is. Flea always outdoes himself but is always a bit underrated, and Kiedis keeps getting better and better, vocally over the years. All of the instruments we're not normally used to (the ever increasing piano, the good ol' trumpet from flea, African drums, and even the cow bell) from the Chilis gives them a fresh sound, which is refreshing.    Now, if you HAD to make a comparison, you can compare Josh with Navarro, as they both came in after Frusciante leaves (both incredibly successful albums), whether on good terms or not. One Hot Minute had some good songs, but I can already say I like 'I'm With You' better. There are some real outstanding songs on the album which I've been playing over and over. If I had to say my top 5, here they are, not in any particular order:    3. Brendan's Death Song  8. Did I Let You Know   10. Happiness Loves Company   11. Police Station   13. Meet Me at the Corner     I think speaking for a lot of Chilis fans, we can all agree that we miss John's harmonizing and his solos... Frusci lets it all out with his solos, he makes you feel his emotions and his soul through them. (Jaddo, you know all of them amazing solos, way too many to name.) These are the huge things that's missing from this album. Josh does bring in some good vocals to the album however. I'm not trying to be biased at all here, but it still comes out a little bit. It sort of feels like Josh is holding back, rather, choosing to compliment the other 3 more than showcasing himself. Nonetheless, Josh is a great fit with the band. He's the natural person to step in after John leaves because of their closeness, and just the fact that he truly understands what the band is about.    Overall, the album is very good. It's very good, but not the same as the old stuff and it will never be that way because Josh is Josh, and John is John. Do I recommend it? Yes, go buy it for the love of Chilis whether you are a long time fan or whether you're just starting to realize the magic and universal love they exude.    Here's how I've always looked at them. Chad is like the rock of the group; Kiedis is the ball of energy or the flame; Flea is the crazy glue that holds the band in place; and Frusci... Frusci is the heart of the band. The Chilis just got a heart transplant and they're still going strong.
B004XJHBCE|5.0|I use this to organize ask my apps, contacts, etc. into folders for easy access.  This works way better than the built-in Android folder system.  Highly recommended.
B000024V8E|5.0|Purchased to replace one that I lost . Love Enya and would like to see more offered by her . She has a hauntingly beautiful voice .
B005HGK2FA|5.0|This show was scripted and filmed(according to the makers) more along the lines of an eight and a half hour movie than most episodic shows-it kept me at the edge of my seat the whole time (literally).  Was fantastic entertainment.  I bought the whole season, worth every penny.  Wish more shows would be like this: less filler, more dynamic story and plot progression with a great and satisfying ending.  Was so happy it's renewed for another season!    Note:  I wouldn't watch more than 3-4 eps at a time, (even if you want to finish this great story asap :) as it gets tiring and you lose the full impact of how awesome this show is.   It has lots of subtle plot points you need to be taking notice of(like movies do, but which most TV shows lack), which is hard to do at 4 am when you are hooked on it and are excited to continue :p.  I watched it with family and friends multiple times, and since there are only 13 eps, we found taking it in 3-4 segments was perfect for marathoning Teen Wolf.
B002ZG99TA|5.0|Received DVD extremely quickly.  Accurately represented by seller.  In perfect condition...no skips or stalling.  Would purchase from merchant again. Very pleased with purchase.
B0058A11AK|5.0|Initial disappointments upon the CD release:  1.) CD cover photo not so nice  2.) Only 10 tracks on this new release (too few!!!!)  3.) Other nicer Bergman songs to have been included (like, \\"THE GIRL WHO USED TO BE ME\\" - originally sung by Patti Austin, and \\"IT MIGHT BE YOU\\")    Impressions after listening for the 1st time:  1.) Despite her elderly hoarseness, many notes have been sung clearly and brilliantly, still. Despite some apparently hoarse high notes, she sounds in character and it puts you in another world of musical plays. Overall, I think, it's much better than I expected. (However, I wish those (2 or 3) VERY imperfect high notes had been revised before she finalized the album!)  2.) These many unfamiliar songs were sung mellowly. Have to say it was a nice selection of songs and VERY nice interpretation. At first, I didn't know many of those songs, but later, I thought \\"It's nice to be introduced to unfamiliar songs being sung in such a beautiful way.\\" I've become to love ALL those songs now. I mean, \\"ALL.\\"  3.) Barbra sang those songs even more loosely with a greater level HIGH-CLASS artistry. What a vocal genius! As if she were a reincarnation of Mozart or Beethoven or one of those greats.  4.) In the time when she has lost her bell-like vocality, she has grown to obtain a wonderful artistic style. It seems like, when she sang those songs in the studio, she was having fun PLAYING with them ... dancing and hopping around those notes, etc.  5.) The output level of the audio sound is perfect. For the bonus disc, all the remastered tracks are worth having. Especially, the song \\"AFTER THE RAIN\\" from her \\"WET\\" album, honestly, I never heard the song's intro before(sooooo very soft). But the newly-remastered version gives me a feeling like I have never heard that wonderful song before.  6.) The over-25-page CD booklet has lots of retro photos of her and the lyricists -- worth collecting than the whole album of MP3 tracks. Albeit, the font of those written notes is BLOODY small. A magnifying glass is needed!  7.) Most importantly, this collection of songs is much nicer than those of a few previous albums in the previous decade. For the previous albums in the 2000's, they would lull you to sleep. But, this one contains more rhythms (not too uptempo but a lounge-like atmosphere). With the short length of the whole album, you won't fall asleep and you would think \\"IT'S NOT ENOUGH!\\"    Overall, if you're hestitating whether to buy it or not, I would say \\"BUT IT NOW.\\" It's STUFF OF PLEASURES.
B0041KKYEW|1.0|I'd heard the dancing in this movie was good.  That's why I bought it.  There was only a minuscule amount of dancing that looked like it could have been done by any decent actress, so I don't know why a ballerina needed to be hired to help out.   Also, I'm no prude, but I didn't need to see graphic lesbian sex.  That part was disgusting.  Please!    And that guy who played the ballet master, there was something about him that just totally turned me off.  He was a real pig, and it really showed in his face.  Just a revolting person.  I watched it with a friend, who knows a lot about ballet companies, and she hated it too, for the same reasons, but especially because there was no dancing to speak of in the movie and the graphic sex was disgusting.  Natalie Portman's acting was very good, I will admit, and  the woman who played her mother was even better.  If that ballet master was trying to be utterly repulsive, then his acting was good too.
B004RBYJVO|5.0|This is by far one of my favorite books. I envy this life style even though He made a small mistake between plants. It's really not hard to do. I loved this book, Loved the movie, and loved the soundtrack. You can't go wrong.
1441435727|1.0|I was very disappointed.  I had seen the movie, and usually, if I like the movie, I like the book even better, but this time they really improved on the book.  I found the book incredibly boring.  I had to force myself to finish it.  I've read other books written in the same format -- mostly letters back and forth between people -- and enjoyed them.  Bram Stoker's Dracula was written largely like that.  But Mary Shelley is just not a very good writer, in my humble opinion.  She had a good idea, and other people have done great things with it.  But the original book just didn't do much for me.
B00425S1H8|5.0|Not much to say. I have used it on 3 different operating systems so far, works flawless with my cisco routers/switches with absolutely no problems at all.
B000JMKQX0|5.0|I loved this book and I couldn't put it down.    Max Brooks does a great job of weaving together a narrative about the zombie apocalypse from the stories of people all over the world and their experiences.  He does include some commentary on the current state of the world, but this isn't preachy.  If there were to be a zombie apocalypse, it would likely go down like Brooks writes it in this book.    Each chapter is an interview with a different person who discusses an aspect of the war from their view:  a soccer mom who must flee as the zombies attack her house, a pilot who crash lands in zombie terrority and is guided to safety, a blind elderly Japanese man, etc.  This is good because each chapter can be read kind of as a short story.  It makes it easy to read this on the go.    While it may be difficult to remember who each individual interviewee is, this doesn't really detract from the overall experience all that much.      Overall, this is a must read, not just for fans of horror or the zombie genre, but in general.
0470901071|4.0|This author claims to be the guru of Cisco certifications...well that's somewhat true. I've bought 3 CCNA books as should anyone, this book is flat out the best compared to the other two but he doesn't explain certain things as much as he could while in other areas it seems a little over kill. It's impossible to please the mass, so I fully understand that. I read on a forum which is totally true that he does come off as condescending in some parts of the book which I started picking up after I was told about it... other than that, you cannot go wrong with buying this. The CD is limited to say the least in what it comes with compared to other IT books that come with free software. With all of that said, if I had to suggest a single book to someone getting their CCNA, it would be this book!
1572816112|5.0|This deck of cards is amazing! The art is so detailed, crisp, and unique! The explanation to each card is detailed and clear. This deck is wonderful!
0375428232|5.0|This was a very good productive book! It had real examples. The test was as the book described it. The tricks for every section were really helpful. This book gives you a practice part and pretty much makes you feel prepare and secure for the test!
B002HEWNCA|4.0|The shoes are very nice but my heels don't seem to \\"seat\\" well on the shoes heels.  It seems that I am not completely centered of the heels.
B001F0WXY0|5.0|First off, if you have not read this book, buy it now! Do not waste another second, buy it, read it, and then read it again!<br /><br />This book still captivates me after all these years. Even if you are not a fan of science fiction, I would find it hard to believe this book will not grab your attention immediately. This is a science fiction tale no doubt, but it is much, much more than that. At the root of this story is an epic adventure about a young man coming of age. The relationships and conflicts he encounters are told with such passion that the reader cannot help but feel deeply for the trials and tribulations of the young Paul.<br /><br />I have yet to discover a book that has moved me the way Dune has. It's unfortunate that many won't go near the book because they didn't like the movie. If you are of this opinion, I would strongly urge you to reconsider.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|love ad free so glad I made the purchase. worth every penny works perfect on EVO 4G. angry birds rule.
030788743X|2.0|Unlike the last hyped-up sci-fi novel I bought, the infuriatingly awful \\"Robopocalypse,\\" \\"Ready Player One\\" has its charms. It's fun and zips along briskly. But the \\"best book of the decade\\" reviews are insane -- this is not seriously good literature.     There are lots of problems. Plot twists are arbitrary, the dystopian future is sloppily drawn, and its characters are unconvincing and cliched. Most frustratingly, much of it is cartoonishly implausible, not just from a sci-fi point of view, but a logistical one -- there just doesn't seem to be enough *time* for lots of the stuff in the plot to really have happened, and deus ex machinas are the only way anything gets done. Its attempts at teen banter are stilted and awkward, and the protagonist/narrator just always knows way more than he possibly could, while the \\"bad guys\\" seem to be alternately omniscient and idiotic, whichever suits the plot at a given moment.     Much of the book seems to be a loving tribute to pop-cultural and gaming \\"cult hits,\\" but (spoiler alert) if the point is to re-enact a section of Dungeons & Dragons or completely recite an 80s movie, then we as readers are sort of forced to relive them as well, which is sort of like when your socially awkward friend tries to recount a super awesome TV show to you, the whole thing, and you have to sit there and listen to him do it, even though it's sort of ruining the show for you.     A running theme is the \\"mysteriousness\\" of one of the virtual characters, and the big reveal (another spoiler alert) turns out that the white male avatar is actually -- shock! -- a black lesbian. This is 2040?    I feel a little guilty about this review since I could see this book being aimed at the young-adult audience, and maybe if you were 13 and hadn't actually seen or heard or played any of the myriad referenced movies, songs or video games, this might seem like an introduction to a wonderful, mysterious world. Its story of the unimaginably dispossessed achieving unimaginable riches is appealing to the (typically) powerless 13-year-old as well. \\"Ready Player One\\" is an earnest little puppy of a book, but I just got a little sick of watching it fall on its head.
B001TW69J4|4.0|I learned of Tosin Abasi surfing the net. His 7 or 8 string guitar provides a unique sound. Add guitarist Javier Reyes and drummer Navene Koperweis and you've got an intrumental album that can be enjoyed many times over. It fits one of my moods perfectly.
B004SMDJ9U|5.0|This is a great show.  The characters are wonderfully complex and interesting.  All of the episodes have been entertaining and exciting.  I hope they keep the tension going through the next season and don't prematurely cancel this show!
B00425S1H8|5.0|Great USB to RS232 adapter.  Compact, inexpensive, what more could one ask for?<br /><br />How about MacOS X Lion compatibility?  Check the osx-pl2303 open source driver.  Some guy forked a copy of it off to support Lion.<br />(...)<br /><br />I grabbed the source, ran a quick build in Xcode and had a working kernel extension.  So far, more reliable than my former (and more expensive) Keyspan adapter, which does NOT have Lion compatible drivers..
B004MC8CA2|4.0|pros; saves you money, dont have to carry a book around. cons; if your looking for a certain verse in a hurry it takes a bit to load. or maybe its just me.
1439152799|5.0|Kate Morton has done it again!  She is a brilliant storyteller, so adept at bringing her characters to life for the reader.  I have never been disappointed by Kate, not ever, and this book is no exception!<br /><br />I never \\"figured out\\" the story.  I had my own theory about the Blythe sisters, and I was wrong.  Just goes to prove that just when you think you have someone all figured out, they surprise you!  This is a story of love, not just the romantic sort, but love of family and those bonds that tie us to each other.  The end had me near tears, so moving was the imagery.  I can't say enough about how wonderful, warm and inviting this book is.  It's not always happy, not always sad, just like real life, it's lots of things and so worth the journey!
B004LWZVZC|4.0|I purchased and streamed this Robert Redford film . I REALLY like the films Mr. Redford has directed . Particularly QUIZ SHOW and A RIVER RUNS THROUGH IT . This was an easy sell for me owing to the historical elements , it being a period picture and the fine cast . I've not read much history since my early twenties . Obviously , a lot of folks here know their history better than i , and/or dislike the film because Mr. Redford can get pretty preachy in some of his less highly regarded films . I can't speak to how accurate this film is or is not . I do think the average man or woman on the street might rather enjoy it though . See for yourself .
B0056EB8QA|4.0|Though I equally love the \\"Rape\\", \\"Mind\\" and \\"Pig\\" albums, it's hard to argue this not being their best release. Easily their most popular. If this was just a single with NWO and Just One Fix I'd probably still get it. Of course Jesus Built My Hotrod is here too, love it or hate it. Side two starts with the epic Scarecrow and brutal title track, then finishes off with some good noise.<br /><br />This album might be the best example by any band of hitting the perfect combo of industrial and metal. I've heard NWO hundreds of times, and it still blows me away. It's so damn mean. Killer artwork too, and 180gm vinyl.
030788743X|5.0|I could not put this down and read it cover to cover. Highly recommended for the overall story, not just the 80's references. Very clever.
B003VD242K|5.0|If you research this book at all you'll quickly find it has touched and become a favorite of many generations around the world. It's just one of those books. Much like The Prophet or The Alchemist, it is a manual for life. Very inspirational to most. A search for meaning, of life, of self, of all things. It leaves you with a peaceful easy feeling. Highly recommended for all ages.
B001LF3YQK|2.0|I got this to go on my Skip Hop Duo bag. I thought it was cute and I liked that I could clip it on to the bag so that I could find it quickly and also so it could hang outside of the bag to save room when I had a lot in the diaper bag. When I first got it I was surprised at how easily the red part that opens to dispense the wipes just comes off. I decided to just open the whole case to avoid breaking this piece. Today I went to take it off of the bag so I could fill it up and the snap broke off. I have had this less than a month and only clipped it on to the bag once so it can't be from excessive wear and tear.
B0055EDBIE|5.0|Lenny  Kravitz recorded his new album \\"Black And White America\\" in near solitude in the Bahamas, an experience he says brought him closer to God. Well, there are copious references to the Man upstairs in the lyrics of what must be his most stylistically diverse album yet.<br /><br />Opening is the title track, a horn-peppered retro funk ditty about race relations in America with the lyrics \\"In 1963 my father married, a black woman, and when they walked the street, they were in danger.... But they just kept on walking hand in hand\\".<br /><br />\\"Come On Get It\\" is a raucous rocker which should please fans of his songs like \\"Are You Gonna Go My Way\\" or \\"Fly Away\\". Other rockers are \\"In The Black\\", \\"Rock Star City Life\\", \\"Stand\\" (with lyrics encouraging self belief), the extremely catchy \\"Everything\\", and the beautiful the Bowie-esque \\"I Can't Be Without You\\".<br /><br />\\"Liquid Jesus\\" is a gently throbbing falsetto-sung piece, \\"Boongie Drop\\" is a slice of choppy funk featuring Jay-Z and DJ Military.  \\"Superlove\\" is my favorite, a Disco-tinged Funk number with Chic-style guitar in the ending choruses. \\"Life Ain't Ever Been Better\\" is James Brown meets Fela Kuti (he even name checks Brown in the dying minute of the song). \\"Looking Back On Love\\" is laid back and Jazzy, \\"The Faith Of A Child\\" is a groovy ballad, \\"Sunflower\\" is a sunny groove with skittery beats featuring Drake, \\"Dream\\" is a Lennon-style inspirational acoustic ballad, while closing is \\"Push\\" where he states that he will \\"Push until I find my way home\\".<br /><br />Stylish, proficient, deep, and fun all at once.
B004KD5TQI|5.0|Exactly as expected, nothing more, nothing less.  I enjoyed the music watching the film, and it's just as enjoyable without it.
B0054N73EY|4.0|When John Frusciante quietly left the Chili Peppers in early 2010 many fans feared the worst for the band after all the last time they recorded an album without him it was 1995's poorly received(although underrated) \\"One Hot Minute\\" which featured Jane's Addiction's Dave Navarro on guitar, most people know that Navarro and Frusciante have varying styles and it showed on the album that was probably more experimental and heavy than anything the Chili Peppers had done to that point. So rather go the same route for album number 10 the chili peppers brought in Josh Klinghoeffer who just happened to have played with the band live in 2007 contributing keyboards, backing vocals and guitar. He also played regularly with John Frusciante on Frusciante's many solo records. So he is more familiar with the Chili Peppers sound and style than someone from the outside.     On \\"I'm With You\\" the Red Hot Chili Peppers sound like a band who are ready to tackle many different styles when compared with 2006's double album \\"Stadium Arcadium\\" which would have been better as a single and suffered from sounding samey at times throughout it's two hour running time. The album opens with \\"Monarchy of Roses\\" which starts with distorted guitars and vocals before entering familiar Chili Pepper territory. It's almost a throwback to \\"Warped\\" that opened \\"One Hot Minute\\". With Frusciante's departure a lot was expected of bassist Flea to step up and make a big contribution, it's safe to say he doesn't disappoint as he and drummer Chad Smith show why they are one of the best rhythm sections around they hold the song \\"Factory Of Faith\\" together brilliantly. As well as delivering a nice chunk of funk on tracks \\"Ethiopia\\", \\"Even You Brutus?\\" and the brilliant album closer \\"Dance, Dance, Dance\\".     There's a nice nod to former co-biographer Brendan Mullen on \\"Brendan's Death Song\\". \\"Goodbye Hooray\\" is vintage Chili Peppers and features some good playing from Klinghoeffer who also adds back ground vocals to song \\"Did I Let You Know\\", it's a track that really shows off his talents. First single \\"The Adventures of Rain Dance Maggie\\" has a nice dance feel to it. Of course not everything works \\"Annie Wants A Baby\\" never really does anything and maybe at 14 tracks that album could have been scaled back to 12, but these are only small gripes. As always Rick Rubin provides production on the album, he has produced every Chili Peppers album since 1991's \\"Blood Sugar Sex Magik\\".     Whilst nobody can really replace John Frusciante or fill his guitar playing shoes, Josh Klinghoffer does a good job on \\"I'm With You\\" and shows he can carry the role, and while at times his playing might seem a bit reserved it's only probably because the weight of expectation on his shoulders and this album will probably serve as a gentle introduction for him after all he is guitarist number eight! for the Chili Peppers. It's been 5 long years since \\"Stadium Arcadium\\" so it's good to have the Chili Peppers back and there's a lot of life left in them yet!
0307460444|2.0|I bought this book because I love all the pictures that are included for almost every cupcake. The instructions tell you exactly how to make the recipe. Martha also has some good techniques that have helped me. However, the recipes are horrible Ive tried several, none of which I would ever consider making again. Some of the recipes are very very time consuming, without great results I might add.
0517543052|5.0|if you are contemplating to buy this book - i suggest buying it, based on personal experience - it is worthy of any personal library and is very inspiring.  the book is a trip within itself.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|This keyboard is hands down the best thing to ever happen to the App world! The predictions are off the charts. The more you type the better it gets!  I got it FREE from Amazon but would have paid $10.00 for it!
B00003CX5P|1.0|I don't see how anyone can rate this movie higher than one star if you're a Star Wars fan over 7 years old. This movie was horrible, a complete disgrace to the Star Wars name. Had this move been made in the 80's, it would've been completely different. Lucas relied on CGI too much in the new trilogy and let the story go down the toilet. The acting was too cardboard. Hell, even Oscar nominee Natalie Portman seemed like she just walked on the set for the first time. You never really cared for the characters.    Now, let's get into the story.    Starting from the first scene, the battle droids were a complete failure. If Lucas wanted to change from soldiers to droids for the villain infantry, fine. But don't make them skinny, tin can pieces of crap. They sounded and acted like they should be on a Saturday morning cartoon. They weren't intimidating at all and even if they weren't meant to be, their goofy banter served no purpose in the movie. The opening scene with Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon started out well with some good action and witty lines, but quickly dissolved after that, never to return.    Now enter Jar Jar. Quite possibly the worst decision ever made for the Star Wars franchise. How anyone watched the scenes in pre-production and was like, \\"Yeah, that's good. People will find this funny. Let's wrap it up\\" is beyond me. His antics did nothing to progress the story along and only had the power to make 5 year olds laugh. Even my 8 year old cousin said that he though he heard that line on Darkwing Duck at one time.    Then they meet Anakin, the eventual great and powerful Sith Lord, Darth Vader. The kid who grew up in poverty as a slave, abused, torn from his mother, anger building up throughout his tumultuous childhood, right? .....uh, no. He built droids and podracers, hung out with his friends, lived with his mom and was fed regularly. This is the child that became Darth Vader and slaughtered Jedi. For what reason again? His \\"slave owner\\" made him race in a podrace? What he loved doing? Oh, the humanity. I didn't really understand we why had to see Anakin from that young of an age.    Now, on to the inconsistencies. Anakin built C-3PO.....really? Ok, Mr. Lucas. You're the one who created this, but it just doesn't make sense with the original trilogy. I'm surprised Lucas didn't try and sneak Han Solo and Chewbacca in there somehow. We don't need every character from the original trilogy added in. C-3PO shouldn't have made it in till at least the last movie, if at all, imo. Vader doesn't recognize C-3PO? C-3PO doesn't know what Vader became? R2-D2 rides around with Obi-Wan, yet in \\"A New Hope\\" he doesn't recognize the little droid? Weird. Whatever you say. I'm not even going to get started on the midichlorians and the Force. Any Star Wars fan that watched that threw up a little in there mouth. If they hadn't already by the time Jar Jar and little Ani stunk up the place.    In conclusion, everything just seemed so rushed and you felt like they had some huge storyline laid out, but just felt like doing the cliff notes for it so the CGI could be show every minute of the movie. With the right tweaks, it could've been an ok movie. You know, like replace Jar Jar with a character that mattered and didn't want to make me pull me ears off. The CGI was great and the big battle between the Gungans and battle droids had real potential. Then comes Jar Jar on his \\"white horse\\" and ruins that whole scene. The fight scene between Maul, Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan was fantastic. Too bad that was towards the end of the film and by that time I was already ready for the movie to be over.
0345529057|5.0|Great price,  swift delivery.  My son was very happy with these books, he says they are fantastic!  Probably finished reading them all by now!
B003L77GGA|5.0|Tom welling punked out! they should have let us see the superman suit on him, we waited ten years for this one moment. great show! now for ten years as superman. lets get the next superman series rolling with tom welling.
B00007E7K0|5.0|this lens cap is almost like my original cap. At first, i could not tell the difference. Fits perfectly on both my 18-55mm and my 70-300mm.     This cap also fits well even with the filters on.    bottom line, it is way cheaper than what canon sells. so why buy a $20 cap when you can have this which is almost identical as the original cap?    I would not hesitate recommending this to anyone who needs a replacement lens cap for the canon 58mm lenses.
B000683VI4|5.0|I have wanted this movie since the first time I saw itand I got it at such a great price.
B0054N73EY|5.0|I typically don't write reviews on amazon anymore but I feel I had to for this one because it is a great album and probably one of the best rock cds of 2011 thus far.  I want to start by adding that Josh is a great guitarist and I don't understand all the hate.  Sure its not a guitar-driven album but even if John was still in the band I don't think it would of been.  From the very beginning of the recording process of the album Anthony said he wanted a beatlesesque album from the get go and that is what we got as a result and the results aren't bad because I love this album.  I was very skeptical about Raindance Maggie because I did not care for it upon first listen but over periods of listens it has grown on me and now that I heard the album it fits the album well.  This album is there best since Californication and a breathe of fresh air for RHCP.  If I to pick favorites I'd choose Monarchy of Roses, Factory of Faith, Brendans Death Song, and Look Around but I can't because this album is one of those albums where you should listen to from start to finish to appreciate it.  I can honestly say the 5 year wait was worth it and it is about 5 times better than Stadium Arcadium.  This time around they balanced heavy-based and slow-based songs really well unlike what they did with Stadium Arcadium.  Staidum had to many slow songs and not enough hard rocking songs to keep me interested.  Well anywho this is a great album and worth the money.  I just can't wait until they tour behind this album and hope they come to the states soon.
B001DE29SS|5.0|Fine acting throughout. Perhaps made Charlie a little better than he was, and sentimental, but good narrative flow. I never thought anything of Robert Downey's acting till now (Iron Man, oh, please!) but here's a case of a fine talent wasted for the most part so far.
B004XQO90E|5.0|Such a great movie.  Filled with lots of twists and turns!  Just when you think you have it figured out, something new happens!  Excellent thriller and I will watch it over and over just to see if I can find something I missed the last time!
161524347X|5.0|\\"The Picture of Dorian Gray\\" was the only novel written by Oscar Wilde. The basic idea behind it is well-known even to those who have never read the book or seen any of various film adaptations. A beautiful young man named Dorian Gray possesses a portrait of himself, painted by his friend Basil Hallward. Dorian, who is very vain about his looks, expresses the wish that he could remain young and beautiful while the portrait grows old, only to find that he has made an unwitting Faustian bargain, because this is precisely what happens. Influenced by the hedonistic philosophy of another friend, Lord Henry Wotton, Dorian gives himself over to a life of debauchery, remaining forever young while the signs of ageing begin to appear on the painting. The portrait, moreover, does not simply reflect Dorian's chronological age. It also acts as a reflection of the state of his soul. By the end of the story Dorian is no more than middle-aged, but the picture is that of a hideous old man, disfigured by a life of sin and vice.<br /><br />When the novel was first published in 1890 (in magazine form) it was highly controversial, for two reasons. The first reason was its undoubted homoerotic overtones, although Wilde toned these down somewhat when the novel was published in book form the following year. Explicit gay sex scenes would, of course, have been taboo in the 1890s, but coded references to famous homosexual lovers from history and mythology (Hadrian and Antinous, Edward II and Piers Gaveston, Jupiter and Ganymede) can be taken as an indication that Dorian's debauches are not exclusively of the heterosexual variety. There is also an indication that Basil's feelings for Dorian, and possibly Lord Henry's as well, go beyond mere friendship.<br /><br />The other reason why the novel was so controversial was that Wilde was wrongly thought to be espousing Lord Henry's world view and advocating a love of beauty and pleasure as the only good in life. This impression was strengthened by Wilde's Preface, which consists solely of twenty-five epigrams about art, including \\"There is no such thing as a moral or immoral book. Books are well written, or badly written. That is all\\". These statements appear to align Wilde with the literary and cultural movement known as Aestheticism, or sometimes as the Decadent Movement. This movement adopted as its slogan \\"Art for Art's Sake\\", interpreted by many of its followers such as the French poet Theophile Gautier as a denial of the idea that there was any association between art and morality.<br /><br />Wilde's epigrams, however, should not be taken as the Twenty-Five Articles of a prescriptive artistic credo; they were rather intended as provocative aphorisms intended to stimulate discussion. The author himself frequently wrote works with a quite overt moral agenda- children's stories like \\"The Selfish Giant\\", social satires like \\"A Woman of No Importance\\" and \\"An Ideal Husband\\", poems like \\"The Ballad of Reading Gaol\\". Indeed, \\"The Picture of Dorian Gray\\" itself can be interpreted as an overtly moral work. In a letter, Wilde said of the three main characters: \\"Basil Hallward is what I think I am: Lord Henry is what the world thinks me: Dorian is what I would like to be--in other ages, perhaps\\"- an interesting remark, given that Basil is both the only character in the novel who is a creative artist and also the representative of a traditional, and often explicitly Christian, morality, which contrasts sharply with Henry's amoralism. Henry is a cynical dandy, much given to witty aphorisms, but like other similar characters in Wilde's works is not to be taken as a self-portrait of the author.<br /><br />If Dorian is a Faust-figure, Henry is his Mephistopheles, but he is a devil less corrupt than the man he tempts. For all Henry's cynicism, he never descends into the depths of depravity in the same way as his prot&eacute;g&eacute; does. He never quite has the courage to practise what he preaches, being guilty of whatmight be called inverted hypocrisy, making himself out to be worse than he really is. As Basil says to him \\"You never say a moral thing, and you never do a wrong thing.\\" Dorian's sins, however, are not limited to sexual debauchery and drug addiction (he becomes an habitu&eacute; of opium dens). His callous behaviour drives his fianc&eacute;e, the young actress Sibyl Vane, to suicide, and in an attempt to preserve himself from exposure he resorts to blackmail and murder.<br /><br />One thing that does link Wilde to the Aesthetic movement is his undoubted love of physical beauty; the story is written in a very rich, lush style with many striking descriptive passages, such as the opening description of the beautiful summer's day on which Dorian first meets Henry. Yet his attitude to Aestheticism is a critical one, and is perhaps closer to that of earlier writers such as Ruskin and Morris, both of whom promoted an appreciation of beauty not as an end in itself but as part of a wider political and social agenda. Wilde clearly saw the limitations, and the dangers, of a cult of beauty divorced from moral and human concerns. It is perhaps significant that, after committing his murder, Dorian sits down to calm his nerves by reading the poetry of Gautier, the writer most closely associated with the \\"art for art's sake\\" ideology. He breaks off his engagement to Sibyl after seeing her give a bad performance in the theatre; her explanation for the decline in her acting skills is that, having discovered real love, she can no longer be inspired by fictional love. For him, artistic concerns are paramount over human ones; for her, it is the other way round.<br /><br />As one might expect from the only novel of a highly original, idiosyncratic writer, the book occupies a unique place in the history of English literature. It is sometimes classified as Gothic fiction, and the work to which it bears the greatest similarity is perhaps another classic \\"Gothic\\" novel from the late 19th century, Robert Louis Stevenson's \\"The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde\\", published five years earlier. Like Stevenson, Wilde wanted to explore the duality within the human soul between the virtuous public side and the darker private side which we are compelled to keep hidden. As a homosexual forced to conceal his homosexuality, this theme had an obvious appeal for him.<br /><br />\\"The Picture of Dorian Gray\\" is a complex, multi-layered work, and there is insufficient space in this review to touch on all its many aspects. It is, however, a work which well deserves its status as a literary classic more than a century after the death of its author.aking himself out to be worse than he really is. As Basil says to him \\"You never say a moral thing, and you never do a wrong thing.\\" Dorian's sins, however, are not limited to sexual debauchery and drug addiction (he becomes an habitu of opium dens). His callous behaviour drives his fiance, the young actress Sibyl Vane, to suicide, and in an attempt to preserve himself from exposure he resorts to blackmail and murder.      One thing that does link Wilde to the Aesthetic movement is his undoubted love of physical beauty; the story is written in a very rich, lush style with many striking descriptive passages, such as the opening description of the beautiful summer's day on which Dorian first meets Henry. Yet his attitude to Aestheticism is a critical one, and is perhaps closer to that of earlier writers such as Ruskin and Morris, both of whom promoted an appreciation of beauty not as an end in itself but as part of a wider political and social agenda. Wilde clearly saw the limitations, and the dangers, of a cult of beauty divorced from moral and human concerns. It is perhaps significant that, after committing his murder, Dorian sits down to calm his nerves by reading the poetry of Gautier, the writer most closely associated with the \\"art for art's sake\\" ideology. He breaks off his engagement to Sibyl after seeing her give a bad performance in the theatre; her explanation for the decline in her acting skills is that, having discovered real love, she can no longer be inspired by fictional love. For him, artistic concerns are paramount over human ones; for her, it is the other way round.     As one might expect from the only novel of a highly original, idiosyncratic writer, the book occupies a unique place in the history of English literature. It is sometimes classified as Gothic fiction, and the work to which it bears the greatest similarity is perhaps another classic \\"Gothic\\" novel from the late 19th century, Robert Louis Stevenson's \\"The Strange Case of Dr Jekylland Mr. Hyde\\", published five years earlier. Like Stevenson, Wilde wanted to explore the duality within the human soul between the virtuous public side and the darker private side which we are compelled to keep hidden. As a homosexual forced to conceal his homosexuality, this theme had an obvious appeal for him.     \\"The Picture of Dorian Gray\\" is a complex, multi-layered work, and there is insufficient space in this review to touch on all its many aspects. It is, however, a work which well deserves its status as a literary classic more than a century after the death of its author.
B0058A119G|5.0|I have been a fan since I was a little girl and found one of Barbra's first LP's at my aunty's house! Ever since then I was and still am hooked! Unfortunately I have never seen her live, but so be it! On this album Barbra is absolutely TOP! I love the way she sings these beautiful songs, even better than before, when she was younger! I love her voice, now that it is mature and softer, like wine, it gets better with time! I can't believe she is almost 70! Lovely cd! I highly recommend it! BABS YOU DID IT AGAIN! Big hugs, Christa ;-))
B004GUSG4M|5.0|I bought the book based upon a friend's recommendation. There were no moments I wanted to put it down. Surely it's author will go on to write another novel since this proves her talent.
B000SEGMAU|5.0|I've read this book several times, and each time I do I get something new out of it.  The timeless one-liners from Morrie are at times hilarious and also make you have a bit of self-reflection.  I think the self-reflection part of this story is what brings me back to reading it again: Albom examines himself with all of his faults, and you see yourself in some of them, and how he was able to grow from some of it - as well as where he fell down.  A larger message in this book is enjoy the time you have in the here and now, and if someone is special to you please tell them now.<br /><br />This is highly-recommended reading, but you might want to have a tissue or two handy!
B002VPE1WK|4.0|I wasn't expecting the greatest camera bag ever for the price but an pleasantly surprised by this.  I find that I tend to change camera bags as my needs change but this bag will probably stick around for a while. I fit my sony a200, a very nice selection of everyday lens 6 to be exact, my flash my various hoods and filters, monopod and still have plenty of room for other odds and ends. For this price am not expecting the build quality to last a lifetime but fully loaded i9t still seems solid, if it lasts a year it will be happy and feel i got my moneys worth.  Don't think that will be an issue.
B0036S4CTS|1.0|this book was ok for the first two thirds. the last third and especially the ending stunk so bad the four star became a one! Stupid, angry that i wasted my money.
B000NOKA0S|4.0|Loved this CD when I was young and couldn't afford it. Love it now. If this makes no sense to you I worked my way through school.     Now for the CD, Cohen is what Dylan wished he could be.
B001EL6EHC|5.0|This is one of the finest movies ever.  It was produced during World War II in 1942.  The filming of Casablanca has some very interesting facts and trivia.  For example, the individuals that play the Nazis in the movie were all Jewish immigrants.  I recommend reading the book, \\"Round Up The Uusual Suspect,\\" The Making of Casablanca.
1451629184|5.0|Thought the book was really good, Glad she did not go all the way with what she went though, Don't think i could of handled much more of what this little girl went though, she really did a good Job on how she presented this book. and sure hope she will be able to live a happy and not messed up life.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|If I could have paid for this app, I would have.  It is the most useful app that I use for work.  It does a terrific job of locating all WiFi signals and then mapping them. Never had a problem with this app.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|This was on a Nexus S 4G.  I was playing and received a phone call.  When I returned to the game, my coins and every extra item and slots were gone.  Not worth putting the time in knowing that at any moment, if you receive a phone call, you'll have to start over.  This game truly deserves five stars, but this bug with losing the data is major.  I have contacted support and they requested more information about my phone and other details and I gave them that information.  I won't play it again until this is resolved.
B004XUDJII|5.0|I heard the single \\"Jar of Hearts\\" on Pandora while at work and knew I had to check out the rest of the Lovestrong album.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that the entire album is incredible.  The songs are powerful and the emotions feel genuine.  Her voice is mesmerizing on tracks \\"Arms\\", \\"Jar of Hearts\\", \\"Miles\\" and is fun and playful on tracks \\"Bang Bang Bang\\" and \\"Mine.\\"  Can't wait to see what she does next.
0674057929|5.0|This is a beautiful book in layout and design.  Oscar Wilde was many things, but for me he is an Artist first and foremost, and with this book The Belknap Press pays homage to a brilliant writer.  The novel's reception is an intriguing story.  I have recently purchased OSCAR WILDE: THE CRITICAL HERITAGE, and it beautifully relates the history of the book's reception.  One unsigned review, In PUNCH, begins, \\"The Baron has read Oscar Wilde's Wildest and Oscarest work, called DORIAN GRAY, a weird sensational romance...\\"  Another review, in DAILY CHRONICLE, begins, \\"Dullness and dirt are the chief features of Lippincott's this month.  The element in it that is unclean, though undiniably amusing, is furnished by Mr Oscar Wilde's story of THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY.  It is a tale spawned from the leprous literature of the French Decadents--a poisonous book, the atmosphere of which is heavy with the mephitic odours of moral and spiritual putrefaction...\\"  (How I'd LOVE to get such a review for one of my wee books!)  What seems clear is that the novel could not be divorced from Wilde's reputation.<br /><br />But as a novel, THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY is wonderful and strange--if not entirely \\"successful\\".  With this Annotated and Uncensored Edition of Wilde's book, we have its history and definitive text.  The Contents:<br />General Introduction<br />Textual Introduction<br />THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY<br />Textual Notes<br />Appendix A: Accidental Changes Introduced into the Text by J. M. Stoddart or His Associates<br />Appendix B: The 1891 Preface to THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY<br />Notes of Wilde Editions<br />Further Reading<br /><br />The annotations are in-depth, fascinating and informative, reflecting the era in which the novel was spawned, aspects of Wilde's biography, &c.  Illustrations are plentiful and superb, with many in color, illustrations from the book, photographs of Oscar Wilde and his chums and lovers and enemies, various pictorial representations of the book's title character, and many of Aubrey Beardsley's irreverent illustration for SALOME.<br /><br />I enjoy the novel as a novel.  It is now a classic of supernatural fiction, and I think it has been in-print ever since its first book appearance, or shortly afterward when Robert Ross worked so diligently to bring Wilde's works back into print.  This is a beautiful and definitive edition.ook's title character, and many of Aubrey Beardsley's irreverent illustration for SALOME.<br /><br />I enjoy the novel as a novel.  It is now a classic of supernatural fiction, and I think it has been in-print ever since its first book appearance, or shortly afterward when Robert Ross worked so diligently to bring Wilde's works back into print.  This is a beautiful and definitive edition.
1451629184|5.0|I must say I was a little hesitant to even read this book, because I thought it would give me nightmares, but it didn't.  This was a true story about an 11 year old girl that was abducted by a flithy no good piece of _ _ _ _ and his wife.  It was hard to read at times, but I didn't want to put it down.  I was done with it within a day and a half.  I hope that Jaycee is doing better in life now with her two girls. I only wish her the best.  I don't think I would have been able to survive what she went through.
B000HKWCOA|2.0|I really tried to like this show. Being a long time fan of all things trek I forced myself through two whole seasons, but I just couldn't bear it any longer. Unlikeable bland characters that go from seriously overacting to wooden performances from one moment to the next; Focusing way too much on the vulcan t'pol (we get it she's hot, but c'mon this isn't baywatch); The fillers between story arcs are absolutely tedious too watch and have no redeeming values whatsoever; and talking about the story arc...just ugghhhh! I had my fill of \\"temporal cold war\\"    I like Bakula in quantum leap, I thought he'd be good here but \\"oh boy\\" did he suck. Jolene blalock did alright as the seductive vulcan (haha that was nice, 7 of 9 anyone) and the other characters whose name I don't remember are like part of the set decoration (except for trip he gets alot of air time), they don't develop those characters enough.    The premise is good, but the execution is horrid. The \\"beginning of the federation\\" drew me in, I was curious to find out about: the \\"prime directive\\" and \\"first contact\\" and the development of the various techs, but they just glanced over it as little tidbits or parts of dialogue in various episodes scattered througout. I believe that a more in depth view or analyses would have been better.    I think this show failed miserably for a reason, I only watched the first two seasons ( I read synopsis of the last two) and I can say that I have been hugely dissappointed. This show can't even hold a candle to Voyager, which I thought was the worst before this one came along, but at least voyager was passable with some really cool episodes...
0345528581|5.0|This book has everything you need to drastically improve your overall health and fitness level. It shares a lot of exercises that you would see in P90X, Crossfit, Insanity, or just about any other exercise routine that doesn't rely exclusively on weights.   It really comes down to the person and their motivation. If you need someone yelling in your face to make you workout than this isn't going to work for you.  For the price of this book, if you even find one exercise in here that you can incorporate into your routine it's worth the price of the book.  The descriptions and pictures of the exercises are clear and easy to understand. Variations on exercises are explained as well so you can adjust the difficulty based on your fitness level. Honestly, there is something in this book for anyone. From athletes to elderly people there are options for anyone.    I ended up buying two more copies of this book to give to people that I thought would make use of it.
B002L6I9Z4|3.0|Very colorful, holds 60 pictures. It would be nice to be able to delete the ones you want instead the camera goes back to the beginning and you have to forward the pictures to delete the ones you do not want. Also I would have preferred batteries instead of having to plug into the computer every time it needs to be charged. The charge doesn't last long enough. Better directions with the camera with more descriptions as with the errors, the camera has an exclamation mark in red, don't know what it means. It has a red SDHC card with a circle and line through it, don't know what it means. Pictures are dark and grainy.
B004EPZ070|2.0|Had the smarter, more unpredictable [[ASIN:B00466HN7M Bridesmaids]] not opened in the same month, perhaps this studio-manufactured 2011 rom-com would have seemed fresher and more appealing. Not a chance. This film would have been dreary no matter when it was released simply because director Luke Greenfield and first-time screenwriter Jennie Snyder regale in the tired clich&eacute;s that permeate what passes for a story of a female friendship that unravels over the noncommittal man that comes between them. Based on Emily Giffin's [[ASIN:0312321198 2005 chick-lit novel]], the movie focuses on the ethical compromises women make when they hit their thirties and find themselves enduring the pressure of getting married. Such is the case with Rachel White, a rising attorney who gets herself drunk enough at her thirtieth birthday party to sleep with Dex Thaler, the fianc&eacute; of her best friend Darcy Rhone. What Rachel thinks is an unfortunate one-night stand becomes something deeper since Rachel has had a crush on Dex since they attended NYU law school together.<br /><br />Once their unrequited love for each other becomes exposed, the inevitable complications ensue. However, the complications are less about ethics and more about setting the stage in typical by-the-numbers fashion for the final pay-off. To make the affair between Rachel and Dex seem less illicit, Darcy is, of course, portrayed as a self-absorbed narcissist none the wiser for the deception that the illicit lovers are perpetuating. The only one who knows what's going on is Rachel's conveniently platonic friend Ethan, who naturally encourages her to tell the truth to Darcy. Meanwhile, Darcy is trying to pair Rachel off with a moronic player named Marcus, which shows just how little she thinks of her friend. Endlessly perplexed as to what he should do, Dex continually succumbs to family pressure and turns Rachel away. The back-and-forth shenanigans grow tired quickly, and the film becomes an exercise in patience and sheer boredom. My sympathies go out mainly to Ginnifer Goodwin and Colin Egglesfield who have to play Rachel and Dex in a constant state of frustrated yearning. Goodwin, in particular, has charm to spare, but her efforts are wasted here.<br /><br />No stranger to stupid rom-coms, the indefatigable Kate Hudson appears to be playing the same role she played in the similarly bird-brained [[ASIN:B001TUZD8O Bride Wars]], but the enervated air of indifference that informs her performance here is the only reason I find her tolerable. However, leave it to John Krasinski ([[ASIN:B0021L8UOY Away We Go]]) to steal the picture as Ethan, a warm-hearted lug of a confidante who would have been gay in any other formulaic film and provides the only link to reality for the viewer. His is the one voice of reason for Rachel, but all the while, I kept thinking how this likeable actor really needs to fire his agent and get a role worthy of his comic talents. Steve Howey as Marcus and Ashley Williams as a horsey girl obsessed with Ethan play their repellent stock roles predictably. The movie bounces between Manhattan and the Hamptons in a superficial manner befitting the shallow characters. At the end of it all (...and it felt quite long at 112 minutes), you couldn't help but think to yourself that they all deserve each other. Sad to say that Hilary Swank was one of the producers of this commercial drivel.om. My sympathies go out mainly to Ginnifer Goodwin and Colin Egglesfield who have to play Rachel and Dex in a constant state of frustrated yearning. Goodwin, in particular, has charm to spare, but her efforts are wasted here.    No stranger to stupid rom-coms, the indefatigable Kate Hudson appears to be playing the same role she played in the similarly bird-brained [[ASIN:B001TUZD8O Bride Wars]], but the enervated air of indifference that informs her performance here is the only reason I find her tolerable. However, leave it to John Krasinski ([[ASIN:B0021L8UOY Away We Go]]) to steal the picture as Ethan, a warm-hearted lug of a confidante who would have been gay in any other formulaic film and provides the only link to reality for the viewer. His is the one voice of reason for Rachel, but all the while, I kept thinking how this likeable actor really needs to fire his agent and get a role worthy of his comic talents. Steve Howey as Marcus and Ashley Williams as a horsey girl obsessed with Ethan play their repellent stock roles predictably. The movie bounces between Manhattan and the Hamptons in a superficial manner befitting the shallow characters. At the end of it all (...and it felt quite long at 112 minutes), you couldn't help but think to yourself that they all deserve each other. Sad to say that Hilary Swank was one of the producers of this commercial drivel.
B00003CXAA|5.0|The Godfather Collection, was for my Wife, and when you get somthing for your Spouse,you should want the best, so I was a little unsure to purchase a used one,  however in this time of uncertainty, I wasn't willing to pay the full price.  The Product was like brand new. The container was in mint condition, and the DVD's where like brand new. I had a great experience.    Thanks    Guntram Anderlik    P.S. I am Not Norman Virciglio, I am Guntram C. Anderlik Sr. of Birmingham, Alabama  United States of America.  Please corrected that mistake.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|This game is so addictive because of the rewards of golden stars and eggs. Also it is aimed at all skill levels and can become as complex as you want it to be.
1451629184|4.0|This is a great book for showing the courage and determination of Jaycee Dugard and the evil minds of her captors.  I was blown away by the life she was forced to live yet inspired by her will to survive.  I will forever be changed by Jaycee and how she made it through this terrible ordeal.  While the book is hard to read because of content, it shows how the human spirit can survive even the worst things we can imagine.  Jacee tells her story as she remembers it and gives the reader a glimpse of the life she endured.  This book brought me to tears as I saw just a small piece of her life in captivity.
B0025UHKNS|1.0|do not buy the 405cx if you live in a climate where it might rain, or you might sweat. the bezel stops working. after  3 weeks it just froze and the bezel would not work. garmin replaced it; on the second time out, it stopped working in the middle of the run and then froze (touching the bezel did nothing but lock or unlock the bezel, occasionally)  - just a sweaty summer run, no rain. i sent it to garmin again, and they returned it saying it was fine when they unlocked it. it worked for a couple of runs until i got caught in the rain. it took about 30 hours for the bezel to work again, but it is not charging on the charger now.    waste of money.
B002VPE1YS|4.0|After getting a [[ASIN:B003ZHV70M Fujifilm FinePix Real 3D W3 Digital Camera with 3.5-Inch LCD]], I knew I needed a case for it.<br /><br />Most cases seem to be bright neon (orange, green, yellow, purple) padded zipper cases or microfiber bags. I wanted something a little \\"nicer\\" looking, and the AmazonBasics case was just that (and at a great price).<br /><br />First thing you notice is the case is very padded - it will just about double the size of anything you put in it. I do find it odd that it isn't a \\"soft\\" material (like microfiber, or cloth), rather it's a somewhat rough material. Rubbing against the LCD screen and sliding in and out, I wonder if it will eventually lead to scratches?<br /><br />A disappointment with it is that it's very tight -- the W3 is a small camera, but barely fits into it. Anything larger and you're out of luck (I'd imagine a Canon G-series camera wouldn't fit, for example). I had to remove the R-Strap adapter from the tripod socket for the W3 to fit.<br /><br />The other disappointment I had, is the lack of a pocket. It would be great if it had a pocket on one side that can hold a memory card or spare battery.<br /><br />The pullstring is good, and it has a plastic ball to keep it tight. It's also got a carabiner.<br /><br />For the price, it's stylish and good protection. It's a bit bulky, doesn't hold any spare accessories and may be too small for your camera though.<br /><br />Overall, it worked for me and I'd give it 4 stars
B001QWBM62|5.0|My son raved to me about his Zoom H4n and demonstrated his for me.  I immediately was amazed with the sound and purchased my own on line through Amazon.  I did find the manual confusing and was grateful that my son was here to show and tell me how to use it.  I have had it a month and have used it in my piano studio with piano students and a violinist.  The sound reproduction of the piano and violin are amazing as I play the recordings through my sterio system.  It is easy to place on either Steinway B piano or on a microphone stand and the play-back can be immediate.  No time is wasted to rewinde a tape.  The sound results are ideal and using a separate folder for each student works well for me.  I am thrilled with my new recording equipment.
B003L77TZI|4.0|I bought \\"One Of The Boys\\", Katy's first lp and fell in love with  her style and music.  This lp has it's moments (\\"Last Friday Night\\") and a few so-so moments, but it still doesn't measure up to the debut.<br />  Still worth buying , though...
030788743X|2.0|I finally figured out what it was about this book that most people liked.  At first I thought it was the 80's references, and that still is a big reason for many of the positive reviews.  But no, this book is for anyone who enjoys social networking.  Review after review contains the same info and adds nothing new yet they are in someway \\"helpful?\\"  The truth is, if you're on Facebook or play WOW, you'll probably enjoy this book.  But that's not why I disliked this book, this is just not good literature.    At first, after reading Jack Gillibrand's review 'Cute but sloppy and juvenile,' I decided NOT to finish this book and most likely not to begin reading Robopocalypse.  (It's funny how Daniel H. Wilson \\"really, really loved\\" Ready Player One.  Coincidentally, the only reason I picked up Ready Player One is because Robopocalypse wasn't available at an airport bookstore.  Both loosely recommended by the same Sci-fi site, of course.)    On to Ready Player One:    It's as if the author decided to write a book because his ideas wouldn't become a video game.  It truly feels like a game manual in novel form (as mentioned by a review on the back cover.)  - The premise of this story is: A billionaire game-designer constructs a virtual Easter egg hunt in the epic, virtual world that he created which is accessed via the Internet by nearly everyone on Earth.  The hunt involves all things 1980's riddles, trivia and games.  The winner inherits the deceased game-designer's massive wealth.  The game-designer's inspiration for this idea was the Atari game Adventure. -  Ironically it reads less like an adventure game and more like a side-scrolling, button-masher.  It might've been interesting if the book contained 80's and game trivia that let the reader deduce how the story would progress to a degree.  In a sense, making the book a game as well that the reader could \\"play.\\"  But it's not, at least not for the first 100 pages.    I would like to think that the overwhelming number ofgood reviews (5 stars) was due to YA readers but that doesn't appear to be the case.  There are way too many 80's references for anyone younger than 30 to enjoy the nostalgia aspect of it.  No, this comes highly recommended by self-proclaimed \\"geeks\\" who, much like the narrator and author for the matter, pleasure themselves over recalling meaningless trivia and the familiar.    I gave this book 2 stars is because I feel young readers (early teens) might enjoy it despite all the 80's references and to be fair since I didn't/won't finish it.    (Rev. 3)
B000002KY8|5.0|I first bought this work in 1982 on a cassette and I wore it out so I bought it in CD form a few years ago and wore it out so I bought it again a couple of months ago.<br />  Needless to say this is one of my favorite albums of all-time.<br />  Every song is a classic .  This is the rock upon which Prince built his house.<br />  'Nuff said.
0307346617|5.0|My finace loves Zombies and had read the Zombie Survival Handbook. After finishing that, I figured World War Z would be a perfect continuance in the quest for fighting off zombies. It is written almost like its a first person's quest in the Zombie war and a very easy read (very easy to follow too). I have had the pleasure of enjoying Max Brooks books but this one is one of my favs and ended up making a perfect gift for Zombie lovers! I would definitally reccommend it to anyway who just wants a change of pace from their routine reading.
B0054N73EY|2.0|I'm pretty sure every Chili Pepper fan misses John Frusciante, but we can't bring him back. Having said that on to the new album. When the single came out I hated it. The guitar work on it was horrible, and I didn't really like the sound of it (except for Flea's bass, which is awesome as always!). The single has grown on me and even though I think the guitar work is awful it is still a serviceable song. As for the album, it is not too bad.     Monarchy of Roses- This is a great track, and it really pulled me into an album I was dreading listening to. This track has vintage Chili Pepper energy, and it is a joy to sit and groove to. Chrous rocks as well, and who can forget Flea's awesome bass. He really kills it on this album. It is so great to know that Flea will always bring it.     Factory of Faith- Bassline is insane! This is a nice tune, it isn't great (I mean the guitar parts suck) but besides that the bass and drums are nice and I like the chorus and lyrics.     Brendan's Death Song- I love the acoustic intro, and this is a really good song. My problem with it though is Anthony's vocals at the start. They sound way too high, and out of key. I cringe whenever I hear the first few lines, but it redeems itself in the end.     Ethiopia- I like this song. It reminds me of Hump De Bump from Stadium Arcadium. It is just a fun track to groove to with nice lyrics.     Annie Wants a Baby- I really like this song, and it kind of reminds me of a cross between something that would be on One Hot Minute and BSSM.     Look Around- This is a fun song with the crazy whip cracking sound, and one of the few tracks where the guitar work is nice. I just hate the stupid chorus. I feel like it is too lazy. \\"Let's just say look around 20 times\\" lame.     The Adventures of Rain Dance Maggie- I already stated that when I first heard this song I hated it, but now it has grown on me. I still think the guitar solo is awful and if it wasn't for the awesome bassline, drums, and a catchy hookthe song would be a complete waste.    Did I Let You Know- The chorus is pretty simple but it works, unlike Look Around. This song sounds a bit like something off of Californication. Another track where the guitar isn't bad, but I sure do miss John's backing vocals because Josh's aren't up to snuff. Cool trumpet work by Flea too! Reminds me of Mother's Milk.      Goodbye Hooray- This song's instrumentation is awesome but I feel like it is just filler. Nothing too special going on here.     Happiness Loves Company- Happiness Loves Company sounds like a song from another decade. It is fun 60's like mommas and pappas, monkees, or one of those one hit wonder bands from the 60s that just made happy go-lucky songs. I enjoy it though, it's different just like Cabron was off of By the Way.     Police Station- Sadly this is the last enjoyable song before the album takes a nose dive into horrible. I love the bass in it and the guitar parts aren't so bad. Anthony's vocals are awesome, and the song reminds me of something from the second Frusciante tenor.     Even You Brutus?- Wow! What can I saw besides that this song is awful! I don't know if it is the off-beat yelling like Anthony is some kind of political rally leader (yelling through a megaphone or something). The lyrics are horrible and the song changes from yelling, rap, and then decent singing to a stupid chorus. Listening to this song was like someone scratching a chalk board.     Meet Me at the Corner- Not so bad, but not good enough to salvage the tracks it is sandwiched between.     Dance, Dance, Dance- Awful! Not even good enough to be a B-Side. We'll have to call it a C-side. Chrous is worse than Look Around and it makes the Chili Peppers sound generic like all these other bands that are \\"Popular\\" today.     I gave it two stars because the album is decent for the most part, but the abscence of Frusciante is extremely noticeable. Not only is the guitar work on this album sub-par, but the songwriting and backing vocals are as well. I can't believe people trash One Hot Minute (That had awesome songs and great guitar work), and praise this album. It is by no means a 5 star album. The three other members of the band had to carry Josh for the whole album, and when that happens the album is destined for mediocrity.
B000H6SXLU|5.0|From the thin-pack complete A&R set.<br />Good print, good video, good audio.<br />Five stars for what it is, an adaptation of the Jerome Kern musical, and starring Irene Dunne, with Randolph Scott plus A&R.<br />Only four stars if perceived as an Astaire & Rogers movie, because it isn't.<br /><br />Randolph Scott plays a true-blue easy-going athletic good boy whose favorite aunt (Roberta of the title) likens him to a Newfoundland dog. In a good way.<br /><br />Ya know how Gary Cooper was affectionately mocked as having a vocabulary limited to \\"Yup\\" and \\"Nope\\"? Or how stoners are likewise mocked for their limited vocabularies?<br /><br />Well, in this story, Scott's character often expresses himself with, \\"Gee, that's swell,\\" or \\"Gee, you're swell.\\" It is a running gag throughout the story. In fact, it is sort of the reason why the character's previous girlfriend ditched him. He was too hick. And it plays on the \\"dumb jock\\" stereotype. Scott's character is a coach.<br /><br />Irene Dunne plays the dispossessed European princess who earns her way working for Roberta. Her amazing set of pipes are on full display, as she sings \\"Smoke Gets in Your Eyes,\\" Kern's classic hit from the original Broadway show.<br /><br />Dunne sings classically here, and is very effective. It is culture. And entertaining. In a highbrow way.<br /><br />The romance is sweet, the comedy is funny, Dunne is perfect, Scott is perfect in a thankless role, Fred and Ginger dance beautifully, Ginger sings sexy, Fred cracks wise.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|This is a great little reminder app for everything from work schedules to grocery lists! I highly reccommend this application!
0749453893|2.0|This book is adequate for someone who knows nothing about digital marketing whatsoever.  It is poorly written and does not really offer much to someone who really wants to gain a good, in depth, understanding of digital marketing.  I purchased this book to assist me in my internship, however the work I had already done on my digi marketing report was superior than what was in the book!
B000J2DAYM|4.0|\\"Brick\\" is a daring piece of crime cinema that revolves around a certain subculture at a high school.  There are only two adult characters in the movie: the vice principal and someone's mother. The lack of adults in the movie, however, lends a gravity to the film and its characters.  At no time is anyone seen in class.  Everything, for the most part, takes place outside the school proper: in the parking lot; on the football field; in a dressing room; near a remote outbuilding (where the main character, Bredan [a loner], has his lunch [and where someone has his or her lunch is a point of distinction brought out several times).  Beyond the school grounds, much of the story transpires in and around a few houses.  The absence of adults, however, lends credulity to the story and let's the audience experience what serious business all these high schoolers are up to.<br /><br />The movie begins with Brendan's discovery of his ex-girlfriend Emilie lying dead in a drainage ditch, after which there is a flashback two days into the past, when he receives a panicked call from her asking him for help.  What transpires from that point on is a story of drugs, murder, deception, discovery and revenge.  All in all, I enjoyed the movie.  In homage to old film noir and gumshoe movies, the characters speak with the vernaculars of Edward G. Robinson, Humphrey Bogart and Edmond O'Brien, using words like \\"sap,\\" \\"clam\\" and other such throwbacks.  In fact, the dialogue is reminiscent of a Shakespeare play, where you don't quite get into the lingo groove for a third of the performance, after which everything that's said because much more clear.  This, unfortunately, is sometimes undermined by frequently mumbled lines from the actors, who all do a fabulous job notwithstanding.<br /><br />While it might be hard to apply \\"accept the premise, accept the bit\\" to this film, its far-fetched setting, goings-on and cast of characters were nevertheless a joy to experience.  \\"Brick\\" is a refreshing entry into the murder-mystery genre.der-mystery genre.
B004YEJGEO|4.0|This is a neat game which gets progressively more challenging. It's fun to try to figure out each puzzle. It'll keep your mind sharp.
B004SKQAJI|5.0|Fabulous.  It's hard to believe how awesome this man is.  This is my favorite version of LOTD.  He cut out the singing, kept the violins, and jams hard on his flute.  Bernadette Flynn playing Saoirse, the Irish Coleen is wonderful as usual (I miss her long hair, though), but I do prefer Gillian Norris over Ciara Sexton as Morrighan, the Temptress (possibly the long hair thing again...). I have seen the show live 3 times, watched the videos (river, LOTD, and flames) hundreds of times, and am very happy to have this new material.  The songs are played a touch faster, and the more demanding speed of the steps is perfectly executed with every tap.  Buy it now, and enjoy!  Thank you Michael, you are the greatest.
1400052181|5.0|I expected the book to be very dry and scientific, and there certainly is some science in it.  However, the weaving together of historic changes, the family of Henrietta and science is artful and fascinating.    Gwen Hart
B003ASLJQS|5.0|Sean Penn, Kevin  Bacon & Tim Robbins were the perfect cast for this film..well directed by Clint Eastwood as well
B000LB7G00|4.0|After many hours of fustration, the purchase of a 3D Connexion Space Navigator has helped to minimise the constant use of opening and closing the orbit tool. Being able to rotate, spin and zoom the model lessons the work time considerably, especially when using constraints in assembly. Many other applications with similar graphic programs are just as effective, so this is a wonderful accessory to have and I would certainly recommend it.  The sale on line through Amazon was easy, well priced and delivered 3 days before stated time. I am extremely impressed and will continue to use this supplier should there be a need.
0743496736|5.0|Nineteen minutes was a superb book. Ms. Picoult wove a story that seemed entirely too true.  Should be required reading by school students, teachers and administrators describing the cruel bullying of a young man which resulted in tragedy.
B002NXSRW0|5.0|After reading all the negative reviews here I was almost sorry I bought this DVD.  My wife and I watched it last night however, and I gotta tell you, we were both highly entertained by this movie.  I don't understand why armchair critics have to pick a movie to pieces just to criticize every scene (because it didn't do this, or it didn't do that, or some scene \\"took me right out of the movie\\" fer' cryin' out loud) as opposed to just sitting down and enjoying the ride.  As I said in my review title, both my wife and I found it to be an entertaining, fast-paced, action/adventure flick.....I'll even add the phrase 'thrill ride'!<br /><br />I'm glad I picked this up, glad to have seen it, glad to have it in my collection.  -kd5-
B005D9MUWY|4.0|This is such a useful app.  I can never go back to the original keyboard.  This really does learn how you type.
B004V6MWFU|5.0|Eddie Vedder grabs a tiny little Hawaiian string instrument known as the Ukulele and gives us a big treat titled \\"Ukulele Songs\\". Consisting of originals and covers, the album strums along with a light, laid back vibe conjuring up images of the beach, blind optimism, and loves' loneliest hours shot with Super 8 film. Through the soundtrack of these themes, Eddie's gravelly, and at times tender voice contrasts effectively with his light and friendly instrument.    \\"Ukulele Songs\\" has an old-time feel, reflected by the fact that all but one of the covers dates back to the early 1900s. The space of the album is penetrated by a few welcomed guest...Chan Marshall from Cat Power lends her sweetly subdued vocals on `Tonight You Belong to Me' and Glen Hansard from the folk rock duo The Swell Season matches Eddie's aching pleas on The Everly Brothers cover `Sleepless Nights'.    There are no singled-out highlights, every song is a gem. Each tune is a candle in the shrine of real and honest music, and albums like \\"Ukulele Songs\\" help that art burn eternal.    5 Stars!
0553801473|5.0|Seriously, this book has blown me away! I LOVE it. Definately the best in the series so far... And def. an all time favourite!
B000OPPBEQ|4.0|I ordered these movies back around July 27th when it was an Amazon deal of the day. I was told that the estimated ship date was between August 13th to 20th, essentially a month later. Seeing as I had recently watched the movies, this didn't bother me. What did bother me was that I finally received word on August 19th that they had shipped and I should expect them on the 25th (5 days later than I originally expected). So I began tracking the package. It got to my town on August 22nd so i figured I'd get them the 23rd. Nope. 24th? Nope. Surely the 25th when I was told I'd get them. Nope. Even though it was in my town on the 22nd, it didn't go out for delivery until the 27th, a Saturday. I had it shipped to my office as it's easier to pick up than at home where they leave it out in the open for anybody to snatch. As such, it couldn't be delivered on the 27th as our office was closed. I had to wait til Monday the 29th, just over a month since I had ordered it. I did call Amazon after waiting a few days for it to leave the local usps office and make it's way down the street to my office, but they couldn't do anything but instruct me to wait two more days.<br /><br />Shipping frustrations aside, I love the original Matrix and seeing it in Bluray format is amazing. The second and third Matrix movies aren't bad either, though I didn't enjoy them as much as the original. The Animatrix movies are really cool too. Over all i'm very happy with the quality of this product. I just wish it had shipped in a reasonable time with out all the delays it had.
B004UXY5D6|5.0|\\"Firewater\\" has FIVE fantastically good songs. That doesn't happen much. Thank you, Pandora, for introducing me to Whiskey Myers.  They're true Southern rockers and they can blow the roof off. Yet my favorite song on the album is a model of delicacy and careful timing: the incredibly sad \\"Broken Window Serenade.\\"
0545123291|5.0|I very much enjoy the writing style of Maggie Stiefvater. The tone she writes in is beautiful and can be heartbreaking exactly when it should be. I enjoy swapping the narrator in the way that she does. It feels natural, where as other books that I've read do this, but have not achieved the narrator swap with the perfection that she has. The voice of the character she chooses to showcase always best fits the situation, whichever is experiencing the scene in the most interesting way is the exact person`s view she chooses to share with the reader. Continuing with the praise of her writing style, the addition of Cole St. Clair and Isabel's voices as narrators was also natural and seamless. I was hesitant about this when I first heard they would be additions, but it works so well.<br /><br />A good portion of the storyline fits in with the real world and that is important to me. I can't take a book that portrays things as normal--in a semi-normal world--that in no way represent how life is really lived. Grace's parents don't believe or understand the intensity behind her relationship with Sam, which I find to be realistic. How many parents would take their child's first relationship seriously? So many of us have several misses before we hit any where close to the mark. Another realistic aspect of the book is the blow up Grace has with her parents after they find out that Sam's been spending the night in their daughter's bed. I had a hard time believing that no matter how absentee the parents that Sam and Grace could get away with sleeping in her bed together every night for so long. So it was appropriate for this to be the catalyst between Grace and her parents' explosion. The rebellion Grace goes through after her parents' reaction appears yet again very typical. Despite how unfounded their opinion of Sam, Grace never fully explains why she feels the way that she does and how wrong they are--about Sam's character in particular. I feel like that's classic teenage pride--though I can't imagine myself not vehemently defending my beloved's honor. It's a follow up on how adults make teenagers feel like they are idiots and how adults think teenagers believe they know so much more than they actually do. It's all very believable. One last tidbit about how real this book felt for me...Sam and Grace both have that \\"miss you while you're still there\\" thing going on. I've totally felt that before.<br /><br />Moving into the actual storyline, I was also nervous that with the addition of Cole & Isabel's voices that we would have a repeat of the exact way that Sam & Grace came together. Forgive me, Maggie Stiefvater, for not having faith in you. It wasn't personal. It came from being let down by other stories where the characters change names but the overall arch of the story and events remains the same. This did not happen in this book and I loved it for just that reason. Cole and Isabel are their own story. They are their own characters. They are not Sam and Grace, and they stand their ground just the way that they are. SPOILER ALERT: I actually like that they don't get together in this book. It would be out of character. There is so much pain between the two of them. They need time. They need to heal. And they have to do that alone before they can achieve anything higher than where they are. Cole is learning to let go, learning how to be human again, and Isabel seems to be just trying to keep it together. It would have been fake and completely forced to have them fall madly in love upon first meeting and subsequently solve each others problems and broken hearts.<br /><br />Sam and Grace. Oh Sam and Grace. I feel certain that Hollywood and critics will talk down about Sam and Grace because they are both so young and are already talking about marriage. Some seem to think it is a weakness to be so in love that you're broken when they are gone, that you're unable to function when life threatens to take away your love. They think that makes you weak. I think they are wrong. Perhaps it's because I was that way myself that I defend this position so adamantly. But all I wanted was to love and to be loved. To hold onto my love with a fist so tight it threatens to snuff out the oxygen for the rest of the world. Sam and Grace are unafraid of loving so deeply that they would be destroyed without the other. I don't call that weak. I call that strong. Love like there's no tomorrow.rong. Perhaps it's because I was that way myself that I defend this position so adamantly. But all I wanted was to love and to be loved. To hold onto my love with a fist so tight it threatens to snuff out the oxygen for the rest of the world. Sam and Grace are unafraid of loving so deeply that they would be destroyed without the other. I don't call that weak. I call that strong. Love like there's no tomorrow.
034552554X|5.0|Excellent debut novel!!  I loved every minute of reading this. I was immediately drawn into the main character and could hardly put the book down.  Love, loss, reconciliation, redemption, magically interspersed with the romantic and passionate language of flowers.  Truly original. Diffenbaugh's talent for story-telling is one of the best. Looking forward to more from this author!
0545259088|4.0|So, 4 stars. I read this book pretty quickly. Finished it in 3 days. I had a hard time putting it down--which usually means one of two things. A) It was excellent. Or B) It kept me thinking good stuff was about to happen and never really did so I had to keep reading to get to the good stuff. I guess this one is unusual as looking back on it I'm not quite sure it fits in either the A or B category. I can't say it was excellent, but it wasn't a let down either. Fair warning, I'm having trouble putting my thoughts about this book into coherent sentences.<br /><br />I do need to address that I love Maggie Stiefvater's writing style and will be checking out any and all other books she has available from here on out.<br /><br />There is a lot of weightiness to this book. Returning to the story after the end of Linger, Grace is now missing/a wolf. Olivia is still missing, and eventually found dead--near Beck's property. Jack has died (in Shiver). A lot has gone wrong for Mercy Falls. And for Sam and Grace. Sam has the weight of the world on his shoulders. The entire pack's survival is in his hands, despite not shifting anymore. Grace is a wolf, which is the last thing he wants. He feels like he has to keep Cole from self-destructing--even though Cole's destructiveness has been put to good use in the experiments he's created and used on himself to control the shifting. Grace's father thinks Sam has murdered his daughter--a large portion of Mercy Falls agrees, along with murdering Olivia. The police even agree. And Sam can't shake the questions he's ignored for so long about his adopted father's choice to turn him in the first place. As if all of that is not bad enough, Tom Culpepper is working to get the wolves removed from the protected list so they can be hunted down and snuffed out once and for all. This doesn't set the stage for good things for our friends in Mercy Falls.<br /><br />Experiencing the volatility of Grace's shifting due to the newness of her transformation was interesting. It finally gave us a look into the world of the wolves that we'd yet to experience in the past two books. Grace's transformation also offers us a transition in her relationship with Sam. They understand each other better having changed roles, yet there's a wariness about their relationship that they can't seem to shake. It makes them closer and further apart all at the same time.<br /><br />If ever there was a theme to this book, it would be trust and forgiveness. Sam and Beck, Grace and her parents, Grace and Rachel, Sam and Koeing, Sam and Grace's mom, Cole and life, Cole and Jeremy, Isabel and life, Sam and Cole, the list goes on and on. Just goes to show how dynamic the story really is.<br /><br />I feel like this review hasn't been composed at all. I can't quite explain it. Maybe I should give it some time and think on it some more, or maybe I need to read the series again. I'm not sure. I'll just say this and leave it be for now, check it out. It's definitely worth a read.nally gave us a look into the world of the wolves that we'd yet to experience in the past two books. Grace's transformation also offers us a transition in her relationship with Sam. They understand each other better having changed roles, yet there's a wariness about their relationship that they can't seem to shake. It makes them closer and further apart all at the same time.     If ever there was a theme to this book, it would be trust and forgiveness. Sam and Beck, Grace and her parents, Grace and Rachel, Sam and Koeing, Sam and Grace's mom, Cole and life, Cole and Jeremy, Isabel and life, Sam and Cole, the list goes on and on. Just goes to show how dynamic the story really is.     I feel like this review hasn't been composed at all. I can't quite explain it. Maybe I should give it some time and think on it some more, or maybe I need to read the series again. I'm not sure. I'll just say this and leave it be for now, check it out. It's definitely worth a read.
B001IBIHQ4|3.0|We bought this set for our son and he said that the beginning and the end were really good. He was looking for lots of action and the beginning and the end provided that. The rest was mediocre and not worth the price.
0553386794|4.0|4 Stars - Enjoyed this book. I've always liked this time period of castles, knights, war, and kings. This is outside of the genre I've been reading most frenquently, but I didn't love it any less because of that.<br /><br />George R.R. Martin writes from a variety of perspectives. These voices range from male to female, from child to adult, and from noble to bastard. The only negative comment I have about the narration is that having just finished another series where the author always writes from the character with the most interesting point of view, it was alittle frustrating to go back to an author that swaps view points just when the story gets interesting. George R.R. Martin doesn't always do this--swap just when it gets interesting. But I did find myself being disappointed when the narrators swapped, especially depending on which voice I was coming upon. It wasn't that any of the narrators were boring or I didn't like any of them. I'm not quite sure how to explain it.<br /><br />It's obvious that George R.R. Martin spent alot of time creating this world and an intricately interconnected cast of characters. I was also excited when I got to the end of the book and found the appendix containing a break down of each of the seven major house families.<br /><br />Overall pretty impressed. I have already started book two, A Clash of Kings, and I am anxious to see what's going to happen with the characters I'm growing to love--though people have warned me not to get too attached.
B003ZJ0ZX0|5.0|I SAW HIM PERFORM A TRIBUTE ON THE 2011 VMA'S LAST NIGHT 8/28/11, A SONG CALLED VALERIE.\\" A TRIBUTE TO AMY WINEHOUSE\\"  THIS GUY HAS GOT IT ALL, A GREAT PERFORMANCE, HE CAN DANCE, SING LIKE NO OTHER, AND HE HAS GOT CLASS.    HIS PERFORMANCE ON THE VMA'S HAS PUT HIM ON THE MAP.  I WOULD COMPARE IT TO THE 1983 PERFORMANCE OF BILLIE JEAN BY MICHAEL JACKSON, WHICH LAUNCHED MICHAEL INTO SUPERSTARDOM.    I FORGOT TO MENTION THAT THIS ALBUM, IS BY FAR THE BEST ALBUM OF 2011.  WE NEED MORE SONGS BRUNO, KEEP IT UP!    YOU ARE FANTASTIC, I CAN'T WAIT FOR THE NEXT ALBUM...
B004EPYZT4|5.0|NOW this is what I call \\"Great fast paced action\\"! Because the action is so cool, so fast and so intense! I could say that this movie is pretty much like Shoot' Em Up but set in a fanstasy world and using swords instead of guns.<br /><br />There is so much action to fix the action-junkies. There is war, swordfights, horse chase, magic, blood, monsters, pretty women, amazing stunts and of course, Conan as a ONE MAN ARMY! What can be anymore cooler than that?<br />This movie is obviouslly a hyper-masculine fantasy but many people find this kind of movies very entertaining, let's not forget The Expendables, Shoot' Em Up, Commando, Rambo 2 or even Highlander (anime version).<br /><br />I must admit that I like movies that focus more on the action than the story or concept. That's good enough for people like me, but as a remake of the original Conan (1981) the fans might be a little disappointed because the original Conan has a SUPERB concept made by John Milius and Oliver Stone that doesn't focus so much on the action, this version is so action-packed but the concept is not so interesting for the fans. The story is basically the same as the original but the fans might still not be so satisfied because of the \\"weak\\" concept and some clich&eacute;s. BUT AT LEAST, this movie is not so childish and clich&eacute; as Conan The Destroyer.<br /><br />I just wanted cool action and I got it! YEAH! \,,/<br /><br />Adios.
0061353248|4.0|I am not a big reader, but a Southwest airline article referenced this book and it intrigued me.  Human behavior is fascinating and this book brought to light for me many of the ways that we are so imperfect.  Very refreshing.
0470638842|4.0|Socialnomics has many great insights into how to think about the new ways that are required to market to an audience increasing shunning traditional media platforms. It gives many useful ideas on the most effective media and how to combine these various media forms.     It has changed the way I think about the ongoing use of email, the improved use of Facebook mail and instant messaging, credibility of consumer reviews and ensuring relevance of such reviews, credibility of tradition advertising and how best to embed advertising without being cumbersome within social media.    It has changed the way I think about marketing to my clients. I would highly recommend this book for anyone looking to take advantage of marketing using social media the right way whilst still in it's relative infancy.
B0001611DI|4.0|I remember buying this at non chain grocery store back in 2006, it was all wrapped. Everytime I tried watching on my Playstation 2 it would always skip an hour in. But on other DVD players it worked fine.    I guess it was probably one of those rare times where it is a bad disc.     Anyways, you should totally get this DVD, if you don't like huge box sets then this one is perfect for you.
1416511946|5.0|this book is amazing...it really lets you into the world that most people dont get to see. a must read
B004T5K3OK|5.0|After I purchased the app on sale fringe tge app store & installed. I hit the blue open button but it doesn't open.<br /><br />Turtotial is great, very user friendly app.  Works great on my EVO.
0553381695|4.0|I enjoyed this book, but there were some minor flaws.  I found the twists and turns to be extremely exciting.  There were a lot of things that happened that I couldn't see coming, but were not so far fetched that I sat there thinking \\"Oh, come on.\\"  I don't want to go into in real detail, because I hate reading revues that spoil the book for me.<br /><br />There were some parts that held this book back from being a 5 star book.  I found the chapters on Bran to be tedious.  I got sick of his character until the very end, when there was a giant twist.  Theon was pretty interesting in this book.  Lady Catelyn got tedious as well.<br /><br />All in all a very good book, but I found that some parts were just transitional and therefore not as exciting as the previous book.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|This is a great game for Android. Graphics could be better, but are still good imo. Haven't had any issues since installing, well worth the money. Droid X Gingerbread.
0859537978|5.0|Bought this book for my 21 month old son. We sing the song in his Gymboree class and thought it would entertain him. It does! He spots things throughout the book that makes me laugh. Great book!
B001FB55L2|5.0|Other than the fact that the movie was very inexpensive, it also came a few days before the estimated arrival had stated. The Movie was brand new (as stated) and came sealed in plastic wrap, there were no scratches on the disk, and  it played perfectly! Would most definitively recommend this vendor!
1567184855|5.0|This book changed my life. I recommend it to anyone who have questions that are not answered by mainstream religion or science. I am currently reading Michael Weiss's works right now, but I much prefer Michael Newton. Newton is not preachy at all, he just describes what he observes and gives us analyses of what he has experienced working with his patients. Also, there are a couple of things that make it hard for me to imagine that Newton is a fraud or lying to make money out of this: 1) He started this kind of work in the 70's, why did he wait to write books in the 1990's, and only 3 books at that (one of which is an educational tool for wannabe hypnotists) 2) He taught others his methods. Would not one of his pupils call him out if he wasn't genuine? I have yet to find anyone who can dissuade me from believing what this doctor has written. I used to be atheist (not a big fan of religion--most religions are quite misogynistic), but now I feel a greater sense of purpose, lightness, and contentment since reading this book.
B003F3NDWG|5.0|my wife & myself just started watching the current castle series this past season so we were interested in seeing how it all began. we purchased season 1 thru amazon & enjoyed it so much we purchased season 2 which we're in the process of watching.we enjoy the plot of a writer shadowing a police detective for his books. the inter-action of richard castle & kate beckett is wonderful. castle's mother & teenage daughter lives with him giving some entertaining subplots. the program is  light,entertaining & well scripted.  the characters are well suited to the parts.would recommend highly.
B004EPZ07K|5.0|Green Lantern is a fun movie that stands out from the other superhero movies because the hero displays great courage and growth. Hal Jordan overcoming his fear to do the right thing is what makes him my new favorite superhero! I'll admit the story was simple and the characters somewhat two-dimensional, but for me it was simply a fun action movie, and I especially liked the message that we need to act to be productive and overcome our fear to do so.   For someone who had never heard of Green Lantern before, I found this to be very entertaining and easy to follow. It could have used just a little more humor in my opinion, as that is what usually balances all the action, but overall I would say this was the most fun movie of all the summer blockbusters this year.  Also, I thought Blake Livley's character was fairly well written. Typically in these types of movies the female leads get such poor dialogue, and they do the best with it they can, but in this case I think she stands out as being the best female lead in all the superhero movies I've seen recently (Scarlet Johansson's Black Widow remains my favorite non-leading lady).
B004TJ1H3C|5.0|I've always been a big Stargate fan. I have every movie and every TV series on DVD. I honestly have to say that I think Stargate Universe was my favorite, followed by SG1. I think it would be more clear cut if the show had been allowed to continue.     Stargate Universe brought a new style to the Stargate world. It was darker and more real. The character interplay is outstanding. And the best part is it brought back the mystique to exploration and the Stargate world that SG1 and SGA had lost at some point.
B004I8WD6E|4.0|I won't keep this for long. The style is very plain (yes, I know, clear is as plain as it gets, but what was I thinking?) It is a good shock absorber, as I've dropped it twice onto hard surfaces and it's protected my phone. The screen cover allows for perfect clarity, but not only attracts all dust and oil, but actually holds onto it when wiped off, just spearing the grease around. Hate the screen cover, but the case will probably hold up for a long time.
B003YL4LYI|4.0|After finishing this book, I am dumbfounded at the controversy.  His writing style is the same in this book as in the first, descriptive and engaging.  Yes, he leaves us with unanswered questions and many of the characters are in a bind.  But, as this is not the final book in the series I didn't expect anything else.  This series is still one of the finest that I have ever read.
B003PIUC02|3.0|Blu-ray disc #4 had trouble working about 6 months after I got it.  I really like the series but disc #4 started having problems  reading on my blu-ray player and ps3. The disc is in perfect  condition but now doesnt work at all. There is no way to return  or replace disc four and, it makes me think buying any blu-ray on Amazon  may not be the way to go.
B004SBS8LA|3.0|I've loved the game play, I wish the updates would happen on a more regular basis. What astounds me is the utter ignorance when developing this most recent level. Level 9-11 is the only level with an airplane. I know some might think I'm overreacting, but when thousands lost there lives then it merits a little respect.  I'd be fine if the whole level had planes in it, but it doesn't.
B000B8QG4A|1.0|this movie does not play all the way through....it is a knock off, i believe it stops almost at the end, I played it on two different players and the same thing happened
B001990LI2|5.0|I enjoyed the three Jurassic Park movies in theatres years ago.  The first was impressive, for its day.  The third (III) is the only one I would care to watch again at this point, perhaps because it has higher entertainment value.  The second (II) was the worst of the series by far.
B000F8O35U|1.0|this movie does not play all the way through....it is a knock off, i believe it stops almost at the end, I played it on two different players and the same thing happened
B000PKG7I4|5.0|i bought this album but only because i never had a digital copy but rather been listening digitally all this time.<br />what else can i say expect amy will always will be a spectacular singer in my eyes.  i totally felt her vibe since day one.  you look into her soul when she sings. i cant explain it but i just love how she sings.  i have said over the past several years i think everyone own at least one amy winehouse album. not alot to chose from but still. owe one. you will see what i am talking about.<br /><br />miss you amy rip xxx
0062060554|5.0|I read this in one day.  It was just smart and creepy enough that I didn't diagnose every clue, rather I sat back and really enjoyed the ride.  What a great book.
B0055EDBIE|2.0|I personally am not a fan of this album. I think there's some good songs here, but then the rest is kind of over produced sounding experimental poppy stuff. Love Revolution, to me, is his best album. Each song is a masterpiece and it is a very cohesive album and cohesive theme. It's solid as a rock. This album is all over the place. One second you have the 70's style jam that Lenny is known for, the next you have a pop rock song, next you have a hip hop song with Jay-Z. I love rap, i love artists trying new things. I just can't personally get into this. I wanted to, i tried. I just can't for whatever reason. This album reminds me of the album 5, which i totally dislike because it is so over produced and poppy. B&WA is just not for me. But I'm glad Lenny is still crankin 'em out nevertheless!    EDIT: May I also say.. I think the biggest problem with the album is there's just far too many songs for the album to be cohesive in the first place. I am a big fan of albums with no more than 10-11 songs. I think that the majority of the general public has short attention spans, and usually no one has time to sit down and listen to 16 songs at one time. It's just far too much for a person to ingest and wrap their mind around. Any time an artist releases an album with 14-20 songs, i generally find the album unfavorable. It's just overload. I think if Lenny would've thrown out 4-5 songs, we would've had a more solid album here.
0440180295|5.0|This book was so hard to put down. It is definitely a must read for any and everyone. I loved it!
0345529057|5.0|This is a great book set for people interested in the Game of Throne show or book series. And for the price, cant go wrong there. I am currently on the third book as I write this and so far nothing seems to be wrong with the set. I have the books, not the kindle version since I see most people talking about the Kindle. The books will last pending on if you take care of them.
B004UG7RQ0|4.0|I got this \\"intelligent\\" model instead of the $10 cheaper Dock Input Cable for Bose Sounddock Series I. No surprise, this one works just fine on my 1st generation SoundDock, but I figure I might get some more mileage out of this more versatile version in the future.  On the one hand, this was almost $30 for a little cable. OTOH, I have now recycled a dusty old Bose paperweight into a nice little sound system for the garage for < $30.    There are some decent compatibility comments in the manufacturers site and their support forums. There seem to be a few known issues (e.g. VW) but all in all this thing seems pretty versatile.    My only curiosity bordering on a complaint is that the little red light never seems to go off unless I pull the dockBoss off the SoundDock; the Bose power off switch doesn't seem to fully power off, and things fire up as soon as I plug in my source. Perhaps that's the way Bose designed it all, always listening. I can't tell if the SoundDock is always on or just always ready, so I don't know what kind of power the thing is drawing or if it is drawing more with the dockBoss attached. With a dearth of controls on the SoundDock and none on the dockBoss, there's just a little red eye always looking at me.    I paid $10 extra for the cable with intelligence, I just wish I was intelligent about the power draw or that is was noted in the support docs.
B000PC6A3E|4.0|What a great movie.  Blu-Ray is the way to go.  I would not hesitate to purchase from this retailer again. I am very please with the purchase.
B003JZT2AW|5.0|If you are a hardcore Oasis fan, you would ask yourself: why to get the same songs all over again? and If you are the casual Oasis fan you may ask: should I get this, or purchase the regular collection?... For any of you, this is a recommended collection, it contains all of their singles, 2 Discs filled with them, Including 2 songs never released before as part of a collection, those being 'Whatever' and 'Lord Don'r Stop Me Now', some versions vary on their tracklist, depending on which singles where released where (US, UK, etc) but don't worry, there is a DVD video disc wich contains all of their video singles, and some more videos such as The Masterplan, A rare live Aquiesce version and some more. All of the videos contain commentary tracks by the Gallager's wich are entertaining (and as you may know, hard to understand, specially Liams! haha) as a \\"bonus\\" there is a concert, titled their last recorded on CD one, it features a good track selection tough the audio isn't superb, I think I could've been better, but it's a nice adition to this set, which is cased in a nice box. Highly recommended.
B0058A119G|5.0|I've tried three different times to write this and comment on all those other reviews, especially the one star reviews.  But you know what, they are entitled to their opinions.  And I'm entitled to mine.  Love her VOICE and this album is magnificent!  Barbra has done it again and better than she has on her last few albums.  Love them all but this one is special and there is something for everyone on it.  Even though she doesn't pick up the tempo too terribly fast, she doesn't need to any more.  At her age, she picks what is right for her voice.  There isn't a bad cut on this wonderful album with many standout numbers.  I love Nice and Easy and of course The WIndmills Of Your Mind.  Solitary Moon is beautiful also.  So PEOPLE, really, don't get upset when you read something negative, just be happy with the fact that Barbra is still recording.  You and the music are WHAT MATTERS MOST  to her.  Barbra is not stupid, she knows who she is singing for and if we are happy, then she is happy.  At her age, she isn't singing for the money, she doesn't need to, she's an amazing philanthropist and does many wonderful, incredible things with her money.  She is singing for her fans and we are all the luckiest PEOPLE in the world for that.  THANK  YOU BARBRA!
B001PPF12G|5.0|This has been always my Radiohead's favorite album (yes, even after OK Computer came out...) it's pretty well balanced and all of the songs are strong, how not to feel captivated by songs like 'Just', 'High and Dry' and 'Fade Out', every song here is gold.... Now, we get this special edition and I ask myself, should I purchase this album again being the same remastering?... the answer is: YES. This edition contains a second disc filled with all the EPs from the album's Era, all pretty strong, specially, 'My Iron Lung EP'.. apart from the albums 12 tracks, you get another 13 different ones from EPs and B-Sides as well as 4 BBC renditions of some of them. To complete the set there's an amazing DVD, including live performances from a concert and TV shows, all of them in good quality, and the videos for the albums singles, yes, you get to have the 'Just' video, which, I don't know about you, but it's the best videoclip ever. If you like Radiohead: GO AND GET THIS ALBUM NOW!
B002B549CC|5.0|I would highly recommend this book to readers of all ages.  It is imaginative, funny, and touching.  It is also instructive about life in the past in an upper middle class British home, when children often had more contact with servants than their parents.  The character of the Psammead is gruff, irritable and occasionally mean, nothing like your typical genie.  The children wish for natural childish things--my favorite was when they got wings.  The consequences of their wishes are well thought out.  Nothing ever seems forced or contrived.  The writing is excellent.  If you like the Chronicles of Narnia(and another of Nesbit's books is referenced on the first page of TLtWatW), you'll like this book.
B00003Q43A|5.0|I perfer this version cause it is more features and more of the film.  I has about 9 extra mintues of movie yeah the price is kinda of a bad one, but you get what you pay for.
0345522478|2.0|I went into this book wanting to like it. I honestly did. From the reviews to the premise I thought it had promise--finding good UF writers is incredibly hard, and exceptional ones even harder. That said, I was pretty disappointed. Atticus O'Sullivan? No. Try Marty Stu.    One thing Jim Butcher does incredibly well with Harry Dresden (besides everything, Jim Butcher is a freakin' genius & the Dresden Files are the gold standard for UF) is, despite his tremendous power and abilities, he's got problems. Lots of problems. Very, very, very rarely if ever Harry gets the girl (try never); he's always getting bruised, battered and beat down; he lives in a literal whole in the ground; he's often broke; drives a wreck of a car; and so on and so on. Point is: Harry Dresden is real. His life is anything but roses. It's pain and disappointments, struggles and short-comings--life truly delights in dumping all over Harry Dresden, and that's life. What Harry is not is some some too perfect adolescent fantasy... which leads me back to our hero of Iron Druid, Atticus O'Sullivan.    I'll admit Hearne's got genuine talent for writing, but he's no Jim Butcher. Hearne's hero is too perfect, too powerful, too arrogant (especially with gods--who oddly put up with his disrespect when they could just as easily kill him... yet they don't), too smart (he's got all the answers), gets all the ladies (even goddesses), and for a guy who's supposed to have survived for 2000+ years by his wits, he often acts juvenile, like some bro-fisting frat boy. If you couldn't tell, I didn't like the guy as I really didn't find him likable or relatable.    The story itself is often flat & one dimensional, not very compelling at times (if you have to force yourself to keep reading, it's not a good book or it isn't drawing you in like it should), and there's tons of exposition (especially with all the characters that pop up only to disappear).    And who said this book was funny? They're lying. I didn't laugh. Not once (from a guy who usually can't stop laughing).    I gave this story 2 stars because it wasn't total train wreck and Hearne has talent, but this book and this hero were sub par.
0316098329|2.0|This book was a challenge to read.  I read it very quickly, but I think it was partly to be done with it.  The child's voice is just heartbreakingly tragic and innocent.  I am not a mother myself, but I think the book captures just what a mother would do to shield her child from evil in the best way she knows how.  There are some interesting tensions in the book, and a book club or discussion on this could have an interesting talk on the Room vs. the rest of the world, whether Room is its own character, and the ways the mother coped.  In a world full of Jaycee Dugards and other victims of similar heinous crimes, this book gives you a creepy window into \\"Room.\\"
B002UOMGVU|5.0|Movie buffs already know that this is a great movie. For the collector this is a really great addition to any collection.
0439023483|5.0|I absolutely could not put this book down! The whole trilogy is just fantastic. Collins takes chances and does things (like killing off characters) that most authors would not even touch. It is just such a gripping story, you will keep reading until it's finished.
B000RPTQ1C|2.0|Looking at some of the great stuff Coldplay has put out in the past I bought this album with high expectations, unfortunately the guys didn't deliver.  This album is extremely artistic in nature, and one can tell by listening to it that it was carefully planned and in a style similar to Dark Side of the Moon, but unfortunately Coldplay is decisively not Pink Floyd. Most of the tracks on the album seem musically uninteresting and pointlessly morbid in a way that confuses the listner ( 42 is a perfect example of this) The only track in this vein that captured my attention was Cemeteries of London . Give the album a listen, see what you think for yourself, but if I could go back I would rather have  download Cemeteries and Viva La Vida two MP3's and forgeten the rest..
0345529057|4.0|If you enjoyed the HBO series, this is the collection for you.  The first season on HBO followed Book one pretty much \\"to the T\\".  I've enjoyed book 2, \\"A Clash of Kings\\", and am now beginning A Storm of Swords.  The books can sometimes get bogged down with names of secondary characters and details, but it's a good read and interesting story, even though at times a bit gory.  I believe the price for the 4-book paperback collection is a bargain.  Books contain land drawings and a who's who of the various families and how people connect with them.
B001I0T92Q|5.0|I purchased this for my PSP as I had a spare 16gb Mirco SDHC card sitting around and I didn't want to shell out the money for an expensive Memory Stick Pro Duo. The quality of the adaptor does seem a bit flimsy, but once I put the Micro SDHC card in, it actually felt like a regular Pro Duo stick to me. I'm currently only using one slot, but so far so good.     Formatting was a breeze as I just plugged it in and formatted it via the PSP. After formatting my 16GB stick, I was left with 14GB. I'd say that if you're looking for an inexpensive alternative to buying a name brand Memory Stick Pro Duo stick, go with this.
1603420398|5.0|This book is so much fun, it has great detail. It gives an nice overview of crocheting, an explanation of the abbreviations and new tips and tricks; I will use this book for a long time. The patters are new and not too hard to create.
B001N9ESQ4|1.0|This movie was awful, just awful!!  They tried so hard to be philosophical it made the entire movie immature.  Unless your a lemming to what \\"modern society\\" views are as to love (and progressive thought as a whole), you will not enjoy this movie.  There is no reality in the storyline.  To be fair, they lost me when all the bashing of the United States and the pro-liberal views of the characters were highlighted at the cafe.  I tried to enjoy this movie, and kept hoping for it to get better.  It never did.  It's not a movie.  It's a conversation between one man and one woman that takes place at a book store, cafe, garden, boat, car and finally, her apartment.  They are the only actors other than two or three minor others that have a line here or there, only for transition.  The whole production couldn't have been more than $100,000 to produce (that's being generous) or taken more than ten hours to put together.  No thought or depth whatsoever (though it tries to protray itself as such).  These actors weren't funny, smart, or cute.  What a bore. I just want my two hours back.
0451232577|2.0|Seriously - $18.99 for an e-book???? That is outrageous for an e-book that you can't even lend out to someone else to read.  I'd rather take it out at the library.
1466208686|5.0|Are you a college student working on getting an internship in the tech industry? Pick up this book.    Are you a new graduate working through interviews with Google, Facebook, or Amazon? Read this book.    Have you been working in the field for a while, and find yourself needing to move to a new technical position at your current company or elsewhere? This book is for you.    Software engineers are often bad at practicing their craft because those specific skills may not be needed in their day to day job. When the time comes for an interview, though, the interviewers will be expecting candidates to be on their game. Cracking the Coding Interview will help get you ready to answer the kind of questions interviewers will be asking. From my own experience, interviewers have asked several of the exact questions in this book, and it was much better to be prepared instead of surprised.    I highly recommend this book. If you're an engineer, it's for you. Get practicing!
0977326403|4.0|Jim Collins has given great service to society simply by showing how important it is to distinguish between businesses and nonprofits.  The criteria for the two are not the same nor should they be as he convincingly points out.  Instead he focuses on what they can share in terms of quality, goals and tactics.
0596805888|5.0|This book is tricky. You'll either love it or hate it. Your spouse may or may not love you for owning it.   This is not a recipe book. This is a book about cooking. Cooking for people like me who sometimes can be more interested in the why than the how. I don't need a step by step \\"add a pinch of salt and raise the temperature to medium\\", I want a \\"cook the steak to 150F\\" in a water bath and this is why it tastes good. I want the answer to \\"how do you cook the perfect egg\\" and so on and I want a good detailed answer. Temperatures, times etc. Not so much step by step recipes.     Downsides: You'll figure out that you want to buy a water bath, vacuum sealers and more toys for your kitchen. Buying this book will lead to more purchases of expensive kitchen equipment which your spouse might not be aroused by.
B0017SWPXY|4.0|The perspective from a dog was unique at the time I read this book so that alone gave it an appeal. The story was good and I am a tough judge when it comes to endings. This book has a great ending that I won't give away. If you like the type of book where you laugh and you cry, you won't be disappointed.
B0055EDBIE|4.0|When I am offered to review music albums, sometimes I hesitate. In the case of Lenny Kravitz' newest album \\"Black and White In America,\\" I jumped at it. If there is one artist who has walked to the sound of his own bell-bottomed steppin', fuzzy guitar playin', kick drum kickin', bass-pumpin' beatin' platform shoes, it's Lenny. This long awaited album is supposed to be his \\"funk opus,\\" but went through a lot of changes in title (original title: 'Negrophilia') and release dates (late 2010, early 2011), but it's finally here.<br /><br />All of his career he's all at once as been as fresh and inventive as Prince, or any of the Isley Brothers, with a touch of Red Hot Chili Peppers and the ugly funk wonderfulness of James Brown thrown in for good measure. You put all of them into a blender and pour some hot buttered soul on top of it, and you've got Kravitz' sound - this album is no different in pushing the boundaries of what's hot and retro at the same time. Granted, this message is intended for Americans (because it's in part about the \\"American experience\\"), but I know my European, Latin and Sino brothers and sisters will understand the universal messages he presenting us all here.<br /><br />16 songs, totaling over 65 minutes:<br /><br />01. Black and White America - right off the bat, the horns and the drum beat tell you that this isn't going to end wonderful, it's gonna end up with you in a hot sticky sweat, but don't forget the message - racism has been part of the fabric of America culture, whether we wanted it to be there or not. Lenny tells us through song about his past, his interracial parents who faced death for their decision in the 1960's, and to tell the children of all of these sacrifices that black and white are no longer part of what we should be - we're all Americans, and that's it. (on a personal note, having faced this same kind of short-sighted ignorant racism here in Chicago myself, I totally understand his message.)<br /><br />02. Come On Get It - this song was released for use in advertising by the NBA (basketball, y'all) here in America, but the song's message is totally different if you listen to it - he's simply saying \\"I love ya and let's jump into it - come on and get it!\\", borrowing a bit from the cool funky rock of the Red Hot Chili Peppers. it's hot and sexy and classic Lenny. Yeah!<br /><br />03. In the Black - we're laying in bed, we're under the covers, we can do we want, we can love all day and all night, and inside the black under these very covers this world is ours - this song is (again) sexy and strong and full of hope, because what's wrong with waking up with someone in your bed everyday and they love you and you love them?<br /><br />04. Liquid Jesus - with the simple beginning of the kick drum of an 808, it becomes 1960's Marvin Gaye fabulous and the 1970's strings of Barry White, but only a little. This song is wonderful and mellow and smooth.<br /><br />05. Rock Star City Life - the number one rule of thumb on makiing an album is to always always always follow a ballad with a rocker, and Lenny delivers 100%, with the flare of his trademark electric guitar. The story is simple - a girl wants to be part of the rock star lifestyle, so she follows the plan: she's got the attitude, the look, she's underage, she becomes from a groupie, and wouldn't you know it, she becomes VERY popular overnight! It's a story that's worked since the dawn of rock and roll, and some have become wives, some have dropped away, and some have gotten famous in tell-all books and glorified in song - kinda like this one!<br /><br />06. Boongie Drop (featuring Jay-Z & DJ Military) - this song doesn't fit on the album at all, probably because of it's - dare I say it? - modern sound. It has a dark overtone, and it's precise and a little angry, but it's still got a great sound to it. Here's a little something from the Urban Dictonary I found online: BOONGIE - Bahamian for \\"butt\\" or \\"booty,\\" sometimes including the upper thighs. Bahamians have a preference for well developed \\"boongies\\"...\\" So we get it. It's a great stepping tune, though...<br /><br />07. Stand - There's nothing wrong with a positive message from a man who knows how to deliver it - what's wrong in saying \\"America, you've been knocked down by bad advice the the wrong people, so face the bullies and stand up and fight for what was always yours in the first place!\\" It's not a \\"rah-rah\\" hippie song, it's a good and well-intentioned message, and I'm proud of him for continuing to stay a positive force in such an angry world with so much bad stuff happening. The song stops short, and immediately goes into<br /><br />08. Superlove - the Isley Brothers are all over this one, as Lenny simply wants you to accept his love fror you and all he wants is your super love - classy, simple and to the point, and I love it...<br /><br />09. Everything - this is classic Lenny and the classic Lenny message - you give me everything I could ever need... the song is another wonderful knockout love song.<br /><br />10. I Can't Be Without You - this isn't a song so much, but a plea for his lover to understand, because when you're there, I'm complete, and the distance between us is just too much to bear... a great subtle track that builds in intensity and the fades quietly away.<br /><br />11. Looking Back On Love - this song is every broken heart Lenny's gone through, every wrong move he's made, every woman he's lost, all seen through a faded TV screen and through pictures that remind him of his past as well. We all pretty much kow his story and know his heartaches too. Put yourself in his place and you'll feel it with him, too. That's when the Earth Wind and Fire synth piano jumps into the solo, and the song only gets better as he sums it all up for us - \\"when I'm finally dead, will I finally be alive?\\"<br /><br />12. Life Ain't Ever Been Better Than It Is Now - this is going to be Lenny's first big hit off the album, guaranteed - as he says \\"it's not a song, it's more like a prayer,\\" and he's feeling good about his life, and how it's going now, and you know what? He's right - we all should celebrate the fact we got another day on this earth, no matter how the rest of the world is going, I've got my health, I've got my pride, and then we launch into one of the best parts of the album, the horn section going off, kinda like the way sax player Maceo Parker took off when His Royal Funkiness James Brown used to let him go for it. This is a great song, and re-affirming, and you should play this every morning when you get up, and you'll be glad you did!<br /><br />13. The Faith of a Child - this is the one song that Lenny has included on every album at one point or another - peace, peace, peace! We've got to have faith \\"of a child\\" that we can \\"still turn it around.\\" When the (cheesy) choir and the (even cheesier) church organ jumped in, I was a little turned off, because I've heard this kind of song a hundred times before, but Lenny still delivers a song worthy of John Lennon in 2011, as Kravitz' life has been filled enough with anger and drama for 10 people, so why not want a little peace for everyone else too?<br /><br />14. Sunflower (featuring Drake) - I don't know what to think, because I'm trying to figure out is this a light Jamaican raggae beat drifitng around a 1980's synth piano and horns? She makes him feel alright, so why not let that be enough for him, though? The rap from Drake kinda breaks in from the clouds and the song floats along the breeze like a good gust of cool wind on a warm day. It's nice, and lite, and drifts away to...<br /><br />15. Dream - the solo piano at the beginning kinda reminds me of the beginning of Robbie Williams' 2001 song \\"Eternity,\\" but the tone of this song is so totally different. Once again Lenny takes on the ugly ghosts of adversity, as he knows it's the one who's been keeping down so many others who've tried and failed, but he's not giving up, and he's saying neither should we. Another classic song (and one of the longest on the album) that is both new and timeless at the same time, and it's great.<br /><br />16. Push - the memory of his past is pushing him through to make it a better future for himself and for anyone who wants to go with him. Is he where he is right now? No. Does he want more for himself? Definitely. This song only lets us all know that Lenny hasn't peaked yet, he's only getting stronger and more fired up for the fight that he knows he has to undertake if he's going to be a better man, and I guess if that's the message he's pushing on us, I get it.<br /><br />(On the deluxe CD package there's two other songs and a separate DVD with interviews and other stuff)<br /><br />So what can be said about Lenny Kravitz circa 2011? Has he gone backwards too far in his wayback machine musically to deliver a message that has been done by many other artists before? Maybe, but consider this: there are very few men (and women) who really do try and stretch their musical boundaries and flex their intellectual muscles, and on that Lenny delivers.<br /><br />Once again, the album was supposed to be a long-awaited funk special of some sort, but I think in delaying this (and some of the music he recorded) for over two years - and then to finally put out what is at most 80% cohesive - Kravitz proves yet again that rock and soul (or funk and roll) isn't dead, and he just now made sure he grabbed it up and put it here for us to hear.<br /><br />Overall, though, I'm going to have to give it 4 out of 5 stars.<br /><br />The first half of the album is a blast, and we hear Lenny doing what he does best - rocking the hell out of a song and having fun with flashy funky tunes. The second half in some spots gets a bit heavy and sometimes a little bit too preachy. I really do like the album overall, but I'll just stick with that one good half of the album - the side that rocks out and has fun, which is what Lenny Kravitz has never had a shortage of.<br /><br />His message of peace is necessary, but sometimes he's just a bit too 1969 8-track for such a cold sad angry 2001 mp3 world.<br /><br />(Thanks for reading, and I hope this helps in your decision - please don't forget to leave a comment or a vote!)u know what? He's right - we all should celebrate the fact we got another day on this earth, no matter how the rest of the world is going, I've got my health, I've got my pride, and then we launch into one of the best parts of the album, the horn section going off, kinda like the way sax player Maceo Parker took off when His Royal Funkiness James Brown used to let him go for it. This is a great song, and re-affirming, and you should play this every morning when you get up, and you'll be glad you did!    13. The Faith of a Child - this is the one song that Lenny has included on every album at one point or another - peace, peace, peace! We've got to have faith \\"of a child\\" that we can \\"still turn it around.\\" When the (cheesy) choir and the (even cheesier) church organ jumped in, I was a little turned off, because I've heard this kind of song a hundred times before, but Lenny still delivers a song worthy of John Lennon in 2011, as Kravitz' life has been filled enough with anger and drama for 10 people, so why not want a little peace for everyone else too?    14. Sunflower (featuring Drake) - I don't know what to think, because I'm trying to figure out is this a light Jamaican raggae beat drifitng around a 1980's synth piano and horns? She makes him feel alright, so why not let that be enough for him, though? The rap from Drake kinda breaks in from the clouds and the song floats along the breeze like a good gust of cool wind on a warm day. It's nice, and lite, and drifts away to...    15. Dream - the solo piano at the beginning kinda reminds me of the beginning of Robbie Williams' 2001 song \\"Eternity,\\" but the tone of this song is so totally different. Once again Lenny takes on the ugly ghosts of adversity, as he knows it's the one who's been keeping down so many others who've tried and failed, but he's not giving up, and he's saying neither should we. Another classic song (and one of the longest on the album) that is both new and timeless at the same time, and it's great.    16. Push - the memory of his past is pushing him through to make it a better future for himself and for anyone who wants to go with him. Is he where he is right now? No. Does he want more for himself? Definitely. This song only lets us all know that Lenny hasn't peaked yet, he's only getting stronger and more fired up for the fight that he knows he has to undertake if he's going to be a better man, and I guess if that's the message he's pushing on us, I get it.    (On the deluxe CD package there's two other songs and a separate DVD with interviews and other stuff)        So what can be said about Lenny Kravitz circa 2011? Has he gone backwards too far in his wayback machine musically to deliver a message that has been done by many other artists before? Maybe, but consider this: there are very few men (and women) who really do try and stretch their musical boundaries and flex their intellectual muscles, and on that Lenny delivers.    Once again, the album was supposed to be a long-awaited funk special of some sort, but I think in delaying this (and some of the music he recorded) for over two years - and then to finally put out what is at most 80% cohesive - Kravitz proves yet again that rock and soul (or funk and roll) isn't dead, and he just now made sure he grabbed it up and put it here for us to hear.    Overall, though, I'm going to have to give it 4 out of 5 stars.    The first half of the album is a blast, and we hear Lenny doing what he does best - rocking the hell out of a song and having fun with flashy funky tunes. The second half in some spots gets a bit heavy and sometimes a little bit too preachy. I really do like the album overall, but I'll just stick with that one good half of the album - the side that rocks out and has fun, which is what Lenny Kravitz has never had a shortage of.    His message of peace is necessary, but sometimes he's just a bit too 1969 8-track for such a cold sad angry 2001 mp3 world.        (Thanks for reading, and I hope this helps in your decision - please don't forget to leave a comment or a vote!)
1451629184|3.0|The book was ok.  I really can't say I understood what it must have been like to walk in her shoes by reading the book.
0316056863|5.0|I bought the audio version of this book, which was read by Tina Fey herself, and I am really glad that I did. While I'm sure that I would have enjoyed this book regardless, the audio version made the experience feel more like listening to a friend than just reading something. I found her insights on being a woman and the person in charge very interesting, especially in light of the experiences she shared about having worked for others. And I thought that I'd had some awful jobs! I've never given too much thought about what it's like to be a female working in comedy, and this book was eye-opening for that information alone.    While this book was laugh-out-loud funny, it was also a little heartbreaking at times. Ms. Fey has had to put up with some truly outrageous behavior throughout her career; it's amazing to me that, at this point in history, any industry can be so blatantly sexist (because I'm not sure how much has changed since her Second City and early SNL days). It's also interesting to hear hear agonize about the coexistence of her career and family in a way that I don't think would even occur to many males in a position similar to hers. Tina Fey is a really smart, really strong, insanely funny person, and I'd recommend this book to pretty much anybody.
B005BDZQKU|5.0|Murder, attempted rape, premarital teen sex, racism, vengeance, poverty, anti-Americanism, teen angst and virtual suicide.  No other traditional Hollywood musical has ever pushed the envelope like West Side Story.  Wise's and Robbins' changes from the stage show improved the flow of the tension and added to the cinematic experience.    The 50th Anniversary Blu-Ray does not disappoint.  Colors are vibrant and rich.  Certainly the best this film has ever looked on any home entertainmet format.  Sadly, the audio is a bit disappointing, since MGM/Fox chose not to take advantage of the recently discovered 6 track audio, which would have made excellent use of the surrounds.  The fade to black in the final notes of the overture and fade up as Saul Bass's famous opening pulls back to reveal the title and dissolve to the Manhattan skyline is jarring.  Hopefully this will be corrected in a replacement disc.  The box set is packed with lots of goodies for any fan.  My advice is buy this in spite of the minor title issues.  You won't be disappointed.
B004VD3YIM|4.0|Accidentally bought this in an absent moment. Installed it and the stock cams coming up are pretty cool.<br />I work in IT, and scanned a clients network and can now view their camera system. They are interested in it now too.
B0054N73EY|4.0|I Have missed the peppers  since they came to DC and Tore it Down!! So when I heard that John had left the band, I was distraught! I though it might have been the end, and honestly, who could ask for a better Album to step away on, than Stadium Arcadium ?!? IT WAS AWESOME!! But the silver lining to the cloud came a handful of years later when I learned that they would continue on in John's absence. I was skeptical because I vaguely remember the Dave Navarro experience (that being the only Chili Peppers CD I don't own) and prayed that this wouldn't be the same.... Prayers do get answered if you BELIEVE!!! They are back and though slightly mellowed by time, their grooves have become a little more seasoned and even more incredible than I had hoped for.  I would have to say that while no one on the planet (at least no one who is known) could ever hope to replace John Frusciante, who is without question the best guitarist on the planet, Josh has stepped up and Held It Down!!! I must say that while I miss the incredible guitar riffs of \\"The other side\\" and \\"Readymade,\\" I do like the sound that Josh Brings.  The inclusion of the piano has also brought a new element that I'm Loving!!! I gave the CD a 4 only because a 4.5 wasn't an option. It's not Stadium Arcadium, but it's not that far off!!  This is beyond a solid ablum and I hope that as they continue to make music Josh steps more to the forefront to showcase his skills. I hope that this album and new band dynamic continues to inspire them to create more Incredible records.  The standout songs are \\"Dance, Dance, Dance\\", \\"Did I let you know\\", \\"Police Station\\" and \\"the Adventures of Rain dance Maggie\\" all of which I have not been able to stop listening to... its \\"Ear Crack\\" the Jams won't let me go... they keep calling me... (that was my Pookie moment)    If you are a Chili Peppers fan, or just a fan of Good Music... YOU NEED THIS CD... GET IT NOW!!!! (or I'm gonna be on your a$s the Boba Fett on Han Solo!!!!)
1596432594|5.0|\\"Feynman\\" is a completely captivating look at the strange and wonderful late physicist Richard Feynman. I have been reading lots of Jim Ottaviani lately, and this is by far the best. His collaboration with graphic artist Leland Myrick has produced a level of storytelling that is clear, entertaining and informative. \\"Feynman\\" operates at the level of what all graphic novels should aspire to be.<br /><br />The book takes us through Feynman's early years. It was poignant to see him struggle to feed scientific books to his little sister Joan, in a day when little girls weren't supposed to want to be scientists. We see a puckish Feynman at Los Alamos during the war, and his loving efforts to tend to his ailing wife. After the war, we see him developing his theories of Quantum Electrodynamics and win a Nobel. His efforts to clarify the causes of the Challenger disaster - famously dipping O-ring material into a glass of cold water -- get the coverage they deserve. Only in the last pages does the narrative falter. Feynman's final trial with illness and death are barely shown.<br /><br />The famous Feynman personality comes across very well in these pages. He is the smirking warrior, sneaking in and out of the Los Alamos compound through a hole in the fence that the military insisted did not exist. His brilliance is more than hinted at. He develops a notation to help him with his quantum calculations. The book is even not afraid to show him as somewhat of a kook and horn dog, ogling pretty coeds, hanging out in hot tubs at Esalen and doing his research in a strip club. The man was unstoppable and inscrutable.<br /><br />Some of the sciencey sections of the book may be too much. It's hard to tell whether Ottaviani and Myrick got carried away by certain esoteric aspects of quantum theory, or whether they were trying to show that Feynman's genius reached staggering heights. But these sections are brief. Enough to known that Feynman would go toe to toe with the great minds of his time - Bohr, Einstein and Fermi.<br /><br />\\"Feynman\\" is a loving look at the life story of a man whose brilliance shone clarifying light into some murky corners. A wonderful read - the rare graphic novel I'd rate as a 6 if I could!and Fermi.    \\"Feynman\\" is a loving look at the life story of a man whose brilliance shone clarifying light into some murky corners. A wonderful read - the rare graphic novel I'd rate as a 6 if I could!
B001QL5MAA|5.0|I never write reviews, but Revelation Space has forced me to break the trend. As a senior level engineering student, I consider myself moderately well versed in, at the very least, an basic understanding of the scientific world. Therefore, I am highly sceptical when it comes to science fiction. Revelation Space will make you think in new ways, it will have you gripping your chair at key moments, and, most importantly, it will never have your scratching your head thinking the writer may have taken a few too many liberties in his interpretation of possible vs. impossible. Hard science fiction at its finest. Thank you Mr. Reynolds.
B00474IVGA|3.0|I don't get all the hype in regards to Gwenyth Paltrow.  I thought her voice was just okay.  I thought that Leighton Meester has a much better voice.  Also liked Garrett's voice as well.  Wish they had more songs on the soundtrack.
0316056863|1.0|I was very disappointed.  I expected a lot of humor and what I got was a lot of potty mouth.
B00003CXCW|5.0|\\"Sunset Boulevard\\" (1950) is directed by Billy Wilder. This American film noir is about a silent era actress late in her life when her career is all but forgotten by most people. She lives in an old mansion with a butler (Erich von Stroheim) who props up her delusions about her life. Fortuitously, a screenwriter, named Joseph Gillis (William Holden), who is down on his luck, comes by her house and is eventually hired by her to work on a script that she has been developing for years as her return to cinema. One of the major themes of the movie is about the narcissism of the film industry. The film has a gothic feel and at times the way Gloria Swanson uses or places her hands reminds one of the gaunt fingers of Dracula as she is about to prey upon Joseph Gillis. There are numerous bizarre and striking scenes, including one with a dead monkey, and the opening swimming pool scene, which appears to be filmed from below the floating dead figure, but was actually filmed above the water.<br /><br />There are also interesting cameo scenes, including one with director Cecil B. deMille, who is playing himself directing a movie, and another with silent era actors Buster Keaton, H.B. Warner, and Anna Q. Nilsson, who are called \\"waxworks\\", and appear in the film playing cards with Gloria Swanson's character (Norma Desmond).There is even a film clip in \\"Sunset Boulevard\\" of Gloria Swanson from her 1929 silent film \\"Queen Kelly\\", which was one of the last movies directed by Erich von Stroheim, who in \\"Sunset Boulevard\\" plays the current butler, the ex-director, and the ex-husband.<br /><br />This film has been remastered and looks great in black and white. There are also numerous special features, including a 25 minute documentary about the making of the film, a sound score featurette, the original morgue prologue to the film, an Edith Head-Paramount Pictures featurette, a Hollywood location map, and photo gallery.
B004WFZFIG|1.0|Don't waste your money on this one.  The author spews out a host of theories which are not supported by scientific research.  It's one long boring op-ed piece.  If you like your \\"science\\" with a libertarian and Tea Party spin then good luck.  Otherwise, this is just a long boring opinionated lecture on how the free market will make your life great.  Yeah right - that seems to be working for all of us right now.
B0015AARJI|5.0|This is actually the remote that comes with the PS3! It works great it shipped when they said it would! I liked it and thats pretty much it!
B005B19UPE|1.0|Would love to have read this book, however, Amazon said my address was undeliverable! I find this very unusual since typically I receive items from Amazon at least one time weekly if not more.
B004EPYZU8|1.0|What a monumentally stupid movie. Given all the negative press, I went in with low expectations, hoping at the very least to see a visually cool bit of entertaining action fluff. But Sucker Punch couldn't even get over that rather low bar, expecting audiences to take its bad writing, bad acting, unoriginal/overdone slo-mo effects, and ridiculous premise as serious, metaphysically weighty drama -- yes folks, you're supposed to CARE and THINK DEEPLY about those underage uzi-and-fake-eyelash-toting hookers shooting zombie Krauts in the face while sporting sequined Sailor Moon outfits! Forget \\"The Matrix,\\" this movie has even grander and dumber ambitions, fashioning itself as something like a new version of \\"One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest,\\" only with 100% more CG dragons and ninjas.    Even most of the music is offensive, with some of rock's coolest tunes butchered in distractingly bad fashion by newer acts (including the lead actress, whose bad acting can be partly excused by the awful script, but whose weak take on Eurythmics' \\"Sweet Dreams\\" is nobody's fault but her own). Using the original songs would actually have helped the movie a little bit, e.g., the epic-carnage-loving geek in me might have enjoyed seeing a helicopter shoot missiles at a moving train if the song playing in the background had been the awesome original version of the Beatles' \\"Tomorrow Never Knows\\" (one of the more bada*s songs of the '60s) instead of a lame cover by new indie artists who shoulda known better.    Look, I am by no means a movie snob -- I love good action flicks whether they're thought-provoking or terminally dumb, so long as they're entertaining and don't insult the audience's intelligence. But this multimillion-dollar turkey is not worth even renting. And don't get me started on all those five-star commentators who spend much of their reviews deriding the many professional critics and theater-goers who panned the movie, lamenting that we didn't \\"get it.\\" Newsflash, folks: justb/c we think the movie is a piece of crap doesn't mean we didn't understand it, so why don't you keep your reviews focused on the movie itself rather than on people who disagree with you? If you loved the movie, fine, that's your prerogative, just don't get offended when the majority of other folks who gave it an honest shot still came out hating it.    Oh, and one more note of the \\"what coulda been\\" variety: in the future, if director Snyder can embrace the ridiculousness of his scripts and run with it like Tarantino (e.g., like the mayor's brief entrance scene, which has a certain winking, self-aware bravado to it), he might actually be able to create a film that will stand the test of time.
B004R1QGR4|3.0|This is a noble effort, and one cannot argue the price, but there is no table of contents or other way to manuever through the titles. I wasn't planning on starting on page 1 and reading to the end. Just inconvenient - that's all.
B0054N73EY|1.0|I will start off by saying this is not a bad album by any means.  The problem is that outside of Rain Dance Maggie, no song really stands out.  It feels like an album of b-sides.  Another problem I have is I don't know if either they kept the reins on Klinghoffer (new guitarist) a little bit or if he simply doesn't fit their style, but he doesn't bring much to the table.  One hot minute was honestly better.
B001HNE3NO|2.0|The topic and format was so intriguing to me.  I was completly drawn in; unfortunately, the story was unemotioanl and flat.  The author simply repeated things over and over without much emotion or rather trying to tap into the readers emotion just based on subject without any literary flare.  Everything after Sarah returns to the apartment is slow, boring and a complete waste of time and words.  I hope the movie is better
B004XJHBCE|5.0|I bought this on the Android Market a long time ago. This is the best app for organizing your phone. Period. The options are almost limitless when you learn how to use it. My only complaint is there is a bit of a learning curve, but still a solid 5 star app.
B002CNSVTK|5.0|I like this record best of all the Van Hagar records. I liked it when it came out in 1991 and I find that it holds up well. As an LP (i.e., an album), it maintains the fiery swagger of their early records throughout the collection without getting too synthy or pretty. The atmosphere is classic 70's hard rock, VH in all their gloriously inimitable quirkiness.  This is a great guitar record as alluded to by the red tolex cover, which looks like the skin of a red guitar case...this was a breath of fresh air and a fine dose of pure adolescent guitar bliss released in an era swimming in monolithic grunge riffage and all those whiny 'woe-is-me' singers...
B000OPOAJS|4.0|i'd read a lot of complaints about the picture quality for ronin on bluray, a lot of \\"looks like upscaled dvd\\" etc.<br /><br />well, i bought the bluray in last years black friday sale, and have just watched it now, and i think it looks pretty good!<br /><br />i wasnt expecting much, but i watched the dvd not long back, and it looked like crap. real crap. just grainy, low quality, in suprisingly bad condition for such a recent film! (second only to blue velvet, which looks like the negatoive has been stored in a ditch)<br /><br />so yeah, its not the prettiest picture, but its a HUGE uptick from the dvd, i think. especially the scenes at the colisseum, which i recall looking blurry, look, y'know, watchable now.<br /><br />i saw it in the cinema, and dont remember it being a visual powerhouse, maybe thats just how it transfers over.<br /><br />so yeah, still no extras, could always be better, dont let me say otherwise, but the picture quality is much better than people have been saying.
B0054N73EY|5.0|\\"I'm With You\\" is the Red Hot Chili Peppers' tenth studio album, and the first featuring guitarist Josh Klinghoffer, (he replaced John Frusciante). It's been five years since their last release (2006's Stadium Arcadium), and while that's much too long, it's been well worth the wait! For those of you wondering if Klinghoffer could fill the huge void left by Frusciante's departure, wonder no more. Not only does his playing add an incredible layer of funk rock to the songs, he also contributes insane vocal harmonies which add depth to each tune. Things get started with \\"Monarchy of Roses,\\" and the quick groove pulls you right in. The guitar is a flurry, and Flea's bass holds everything together (as always). \\"Factory of Faith\\" starts off with an amazing bass riff that is classic Flea: The mid tempo groove blends perfectly with frontman Anthony Kiedis' vocals. The last minute or so of the song is an instrumental jam that explodes in typical Peppers fashion. \\"Brendan's Death Song\\" opens with acoustics best described as beautiful and elegant and climaxes in the middle with outstanding counter melodies that only the Peppers can pull off. It pays tribute to Brendan Mullen, the nightclub owner from LA who gave the band their first big break. \\"Did I Let You Know\\" has a bluesy-reggae feel and drummer Chad Smith really shows his versatility and talent as he holds down a funky back beat that will make you want to move and groove. The horn break in the middle adds amazing texture. \\"Dance, Dance, Dance\\" is the album's final track and will leave you breathless. It's a funk-dance groove that feels like a celebration. If you like any of the Chili Peppers' older stuff or simply like your rock infused with high energy funk, you're going to LOVE this! Highly recommended.
0312360266|4.0|I randomly purchased this book because I kept seeing advertisements for it. When I started reading it, I wasn't immediately impressed due to the writing style and 'lingo'. I'm 26 and didn't love that the book sounded like a tween wrote it. Soon enough though, I got used to the language and actually started to enjoy the story line. I'll definately read the rest of the series.
B002L5GQGY|5.0|This a very enjoyable video with good production values and sound quality. For those who seem to have a problem with it technically I'd have to observe that it's most likely your system. I've played this over both my computer speakers and surround sound receiver. Both sound great. Bonamassa'a technical skills are extraodinary and he can keep an audience engaged. The music is heartfelt and shows true empathy for his genre, even when crossing over. He is not the greatest guitar player who ever lived, there is no greatest guitar player who ever lived, and those who try to narrow music by claiming there is are just kidding themselves. The criticisms seem to fall into two categories. First: He's the wrong color; this is bigotry. Second: He's not what I grew up listening to, disguised by naming only people from a particular era; this is narrow-minded.   In reality Bonamassa is a very talented and engaging performer who has a genuine love for the blues which shows in his playing. THAT is what it's about and not whether you've been homeless, arrested, or any other such nonsense. Music that succeeds transends any particular group of individuals. They may originate it, but if it's a great art form it will have legs; if not it dies. I love the blues of all types and do not want to see it shrivel up and die, so thank God for people like Joe Bonamassa, Gary Clark Jr., Derik Trucks, ect.. They will carry the blues into the future so that my kids and grandkids can enjoy this vital form of music. To all the haters..blow it out your a@@...
B004XQO90O|5.0|WOW! Blown away by this movie.  Nice ending that just didn't end like your typical hollywood \\"Shane\\" riding off into the sunset... but rather an ending to make you go...\\"HMMMMMMM\\".....
B0055SWM08|2.0|I played about half the levels and I found the game to be quite relaxing and fun to play.  The spouse likes the game too
B0055EDBIE|5.0|\\"Black and White America\\" is the 9th studio album released by Lenny Kravitz. This is one of his finest recordings featuring some great tunes and good song writing. Kravitz explores a widely diverse terrain and you can hear a little bit of everything in his music. This includes Motown, funk, rock and even rap. I wasn't sure what to make of all this when I first listened, but each time I played it I heard something new and gradually became addicted to the different sounds he came up with. Things get rolling with the title track \\"Black and White America.\\" The lyrics are deep and meaningful and really made me think. Kravitz sings about the way society has divided black and white people in our country. He refers to how is parents were afraid to be together in public when they first got married. For those of you who don't know, his mother is black (Roxie Roker, known for her character Helen Willis on the TV show The Jeffersons) and his father is white. I mention this only because growing up in a bi-racial family has clearly influenced his music and lyrics and is a key component to who he is as a person. The second song, \\"Come and Get It\\" has an awesome funky groove with some amazing horns that add a unique and fascinating texture to the sound. Another highlight is \\"Rock Star City Life,\\" and this is classic Kravitz: straight ahead rocking guitars with his raw and powerful vocals. I love the melody and harmonies he came up with and was hooked from my first listen. \\"Boongie Drop\\" is probably my least favorite song. This features Jay-Z and DJ Military and just feels like it was recorded in a rush. Not very deep and I felt it just didn't belong with the other songs. \\"I Can't Be Without You\\" is a slower song with whispered vocals from Kravitz. I like the change of pace it offers and the hook is catchy. \\"Dream\\" is another slow song that features Lenny playing piano accompanied by a string section. The song strikes me as elegant and beautiful.  Overall, I really liked most of the16 songs. If you were hoping to hear Lenny Kravitz the rocker belt out classic rock with funky grooves on every tune you're going to be disappointed. However, if you're looking for a more mature Kravitz who shows a wide range of influences with a little bit of everything in his music, you'll love this. I think it's an amazing collection of songs and would recommend it to anyone!
B004SC8XHI|4.0|(Like \\"Electric Mud\\" by Muddy Waters) \\"McLemore Avenue\\" by Booker T. & The M.G.'s divided fans and critics alike at the time of release - and has done so ever since. Some call it a masterpiece - even visionary - while others see it as little more than an opportunistic cash-in that only half worked in Stax's otherwise impressively individualistic canon of releases. More than 40 years after the event - I think it's fair enough to call it a bit of both - good and bad (much like this new reissue actually). Here are the details...<br /><br />Released May 2011, Concord Music Group, Inc 0888072328747 breaks down as follows (59:03 minutes):<br /><br />Tracks 1 to 4 are the album \\"McLemore Avenue\\" released April 1970 in the USA on Stax Records STS 2027 and July 1970 in the UK on Stax SXATS 1031<br /><br />Tracks 5 to 10 are all Beatles covers - 5 and 6 are \\"You Can't Do That\\" and \\"Day Tripper\\" from the 1991 CD comp \\"Soul Men\\"; 7 and 9 are \\"Michelle\\" and \\"Lady Madonna\\" from the 1969 album \\"The Booker T. Set\\"; 8 is \\"Eleanor Rigby\\" from the 1968 album \\"Soul Limbo\\" - while track 10 is a PREVIOUSLY UNRELEASED (Alternate Take) of \\"You Can't Do That\\".<br /><br />The new 12-page booklet has very knowledgeable and affectionate liner notes by ASHLEY KHAN (author of books on the recording career of John Coltrane and Miles Davis). You also get the original artwork and production credits, a collage of 2 photos on the inlay beneath the see-through tray and the disc itself pictures the group too. But it's a shame the booklet doesn't go any further - there's no new photos, no memorabilia - not even a picture of the lone 7\\" single of \\"Something\\" (US or UK). It makes the inlay feel workmanlike at best - even a little dull - when it should have spread its wings a little. But the big news is the SOUND...<br /><br />I bought and recently reviewed another title in this new \\"Stax Remasters\\" series - \\"Be Altitude: Respect Yourself\\" by The Staples Singers and I duly raved about the fabulous sound quality on that after years of lacklustre reissues in jewel cases and repro digipaks. This is the same. 24-bit remastered from the first generation tapes by JOE TARANTINO at Joe Tarantino Mastering in Berkeley, California - the audio quality is truly GORGEOUS - absolutely incredible clarity that will make you reassess every song.<br /><br />To the music - it probably seemed like a good idea at the time - \\"McLemore Avenue\\" would cover the recently released \\"Abbey Road\\" album by The Beatles (September 1969) and do it all in that distinctive Booker T & The M.G.'s instrumental style. They even aped the famous UK album sleeve and wittily called it after the street on which the Stax Studios resided in Memphis.  They also realigned the 17-songs of the original LP into four new tracks - three lengthy Medleys and one straight up shorter cover of \\"Something\\" (which was actually released as a 45 on both sides of the pond to some success). The problem for me is that of the four tracks only two really work - \\"Something\\" and the \\"Because/You Never Give Me Your Money\\" Medley. The playing and clever interpretation on each is superb. On the other two however - I feel the band sounds way too close to a poor man's Procol Harum without the vocals. But again I must reiterate that if you have any affection for these songs, you 'need' to hear them on this stunningly good new remaster.<br /><br />Of the five bonus covers - the best is undoubtedly Track 5 - the first version of \\"You Can't Do That\\" (from \\"A Hard Day's Night\\") - it's really excellent. Unfortunately the cuts of \\"Day Tripper\\", \\"Michelle\\" and \\"Lady Madonna\\" don't fare so well - barely rising above a bar-band doing cheesy Lounge versions of famous Beatles songs - it's not good. The last track is an (Alternate Take) of \\"You Can't Do That\\" which is a lot rougher than the first and not as good either.<br /><br />Too sum up - I wasn't prepared for two things on this reissue - the truly astonishingly remaster by Joe Tarantino - and secondly how it transformed the listen and made me reassess what I had formerly thought of as an anomaly - an LP on Stax best avoided.<br /><br />If you're a fan of the record - this is no-brainer - it's an absolute must-own. If you're like me and aren't particularly bothered, I'd still say give \\"Something\\" and the \\"Because/You Never Give Me Your Money\\" Medley a try on iTunes - you'll be more than impressed.<br /><br />Perhaps more to the point - if the rest of this mid-priced Stax Label re-launch sounds 'this good' - then I'm gonna purchase the lot - regardless.<br /><br />Recommended.<br /><br />PS: titles so far in the 2011/2012 \\"STAX REMASTERS\\" series are (all reviewed):<br />1. Green Onions - BOOKER T. & THE M.G.'s (1962)<br />2. McLemore Avenue - BOOKER T. & THE M.G.'s (1970)<br />3. Woman To Woman - SHIRLEY BROWN (1974)<br />4. Whatcha See Is Whatcha Get - THE DRAMATICS (1972)<br />5. I'll Play The Blues For You - ALBERT KING (1973)<br />6. Be Altitude: Respect Yourself - THE STAPLE SINGERS (1972)<br />7. Taylored In Silk - JOHNNIE TAYLOR (1973)<br />6. Do The Funky Chicken - RUFUS THOMAS (1969)ndly how it transformed the listen and made me reassess what I had formerly thought of as an anomaly - an LP on Stax best avoided.<br /><br />If you're a fan of the record - this is no-brainer - it's an absolute must-own. If you're like me and aren't particularly bothered, I'd still say give \\"Something\\" and the \\"Because/You Never Give Me Your Money\\" Medley a try on iTunes - you'll be more than impressed.<br /><br />Perhaps more to the point - if the rest of this mid-priced Stax Label re-launch sounds 'this good' - then I'm gonna purchase the lot - regardless.<br /><br />Recommended.<br /><br />PS: titles so far in the 2011/2012 \\"STAX REMASTERS\\" series are (all reviewed):<br />1. Green Onions - BOOKER T. & THE M.G.'s (1962)<br />2. McLemore Avenue - BOOKER T. & THE M.G.'s (1970)<br />3. Woman To Woman - SHIRLEY BROWN (1974)<br />4. Whatcha See Is Whatcha Get - THE DRAMATICS (1972)<br />5. I'll Play The Blues For You - ALBERT KING (1973)<br />6. Be Altitude: Respect Yourself - THE STAPLE SINGERS (1972)<br />7. Taylored In Silk - JOHNNIE TAYLOR (1973)<br />6. Do The Funky Chicken - RUFUS THOMAS (1969)
B001IF252M|5.0|Just plug and play, the product was the expected, 100% apple 100% certificated quality, i used in my work to show my reports and i cant have 2 screens, one for the audience and one for me if i miss something
B002ZG97RE|3.0|Decent fictional movie.  More leftist propaganda from a totally leftist industry in Hollywood.  Not one idea that can be backed up by factual proof.
1594744769|5.0|Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children was a fantastic read about a group of misfit children that existed in a world of their own. The book kept me wondering what would come next and didn't disappoint. The only flaw I could see was I didn't care for some of the foul language used in the book as it was just a distraction and took away from the character's persona.All in all it was a great story. I loved the photos that were scattered throughout the book!
B000ICLRHK|5.0|Just wanted to do a little review on Speed on blu ray, it is crystal clear and watching it is like a new movie again!! way worth the money to upgrade this movie to Blu Ray!!
B003V1WTMM|1.0|I LOVED the Forgotten Garden so decided to try this book.  It was so boring that I could not even finnish it.  I did not find the characters interesting or sympathetic and the plot limped along at a snail's pace with very little actually taking place.
B004XQO90E|4.0|Since I like sci-fi and advanced sci-fact, I had a few issues with the outcome and premises in this flick. If you're into the possibilities of time travel and wormholes you should like this movie. If sci-techi thinking is not your bag you might not get the implications of the movie and not follow it at all. Even though the science is arguable, as a sci-fier I liked it. It certainly was fast moving! Most acting was decent too.
B004H1V5RU|4.0|This is one heck of a toy. You can spend hours trying to get the little ball through the obstacle course. I must mention that this toy is a bit fragile. It is made of little pieces glued together, so dropping it from 3 feet or higher will probably break it.
B00006J3WH|5.0|the title of my review says it all, if you love Buffy and you don't own this album *points finger and shakes it* shame shame on you!!!<br />Imho No other TV show other has been able to successfully pull off a musical episode.
B000009ED0|5.0|I stayed very busy as a high schooler loitering in the Texaco parking lot, loitering at the car wash across the street from the Texaco, and loitering in the parking lot of the Ingles across the street from the car wash.  Obviously if I was to satisfy my need for hard rock, rap, and country music somebody was going to have to get inventive.  Luckily, Kid Rock got inventive, as I was Dude-levels of lazy in those days.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong, Devil Without a Cause is really a hard rock album with a heavy rap influence and one country song that Rock somehow slipped on there by giving it a power ballad melody.  The album eventually went platinum 11 (not 7) times and spawned 6 singles.<br /><br />Like a baseball team, Devil Without a Cause has all its power hitters up front.  Bawitdaba, Cowboy, Devil Without a Cause, and I Am the Bullgod are all worthy rock anthems.  Rock lets his 80s-style rap influences show through on Wasting Time and Welcome 2 the Party.  Blues influences seep into I Got One For Ya (unsurprising for a track that samples the Swamp Dogg).  Don't let the guitar work fool you, Only God Knows Why is a country song that David Allan Coe could be proud of.  Rock gets personal with some spoken-word poetry in Black Chick, White Guy.<br /><br />The consistency from track to track is pretty astounding.  By the time track 7 rolls around and Rock is complaining about hearing \\"all we need is one song\\" from the record company, you believe him.  The second half of the album does fall off (although an appearance by Eminem is snuck in there).<br /><br />Recommended while drinking cheap whisky, working on your Camaro, and/or evading creditors.<br /><br />Parental Advisory: This album contains no actual devil worship.
B005D9MUWY|3.0|This keyboard is pretty awesome, but there are a lot of differences between its layout and behaviors compared to the stock keyboards. There are some small things that really annoy me, like the fact that I like to press space after I press a period. It's habit, but with swiftkey, there is automatically a space after the period and pressing space again will enter a word (usually THE) because it predicts that THE is the word you're looking for next. The symbols are also slightly rearranged. It was because of small details like those that made me stop using this keyboard, but if I used this keyboard before getting used to any other layout then I think I would be an amazing android typist. Really good for those of you that haven't committed to any other keyboard yet.
B004EPYZOY|4.0|Lots of action, very typical, outrageously ridiculous and unbelievable plot for Cage & Company. Total entertainment with no thinking involved! Excellent for what it is! If you are a Cage fan with an open imagination to fantasy and Cage silliness, you will like this movie. If not, don't buy it!.
6305428050|5.0|I bought this movie for my dad. It's his favorite movie behind only \\"the princess bride\\", so that should tell you how good it is. It's a good movie for families (he made me watch it multiple times throughout my youth) and for just anytime viewings. Great old film.  The purchase was just as it should have been, brand new and sealed, great condition.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|This will definitely go down as one of my favorite books of all time!!!  You have to go into it knowing that it isn't intended to be an accurate depiction of what goes on in a dog's mind.  The writing is not going to be an epic literary masterpiece but the author does an excellent job of telling the story and IMO comes across as \\"one of the guys\\" much better than a brilliant literary genius would.  It's an extremely easy read, entertaining, and captivating.      I must admit, I'm a motorcycle roadracer and a bit of a car guy so the racing, driving, go where you look, racing in the rain, etc kind of analogies were already ingrained into my normal vocabulary, but I don't think you need much of any of that insight to enjoy the book.  It just gives the car enthusiasts reading an added bonus.  It's also a book that, I think, gives a little extra to a guy reading.  I've gotta admit, as a guy, it's hard to picture a better ending to a book than getting a job at Ferrari, winning an F1 championship, and meeting your reincarnated dog who you offer to give driving lessons. If that isn't an ending for the guys in the audience, I don't know what is!      Yes, you do pretty much know how the book ends from the beginning, but I don't think it detracts from the story in the slightest.  You still feel the turmoil in Denny's life and the anger that he has for what the \\"evil twins\\" are doing to him.  You want to reach through the book and strangle those two for being such despicable human beings.  As a racer, the idea of fighting even when it seems impossible to win simply because it's what you have to do, really moved me.      Anyway, I loved this book and I wouldn't be surprised if I wound up reading it again one day.  It's just that awesome!
B004GUSG4M|1.0|I absolutely hated this book.  Not one of the characters was believable.  I kept reading because I thought I'd missed something, due to the rave reviews.<br /><br />The story was boring and tedious, the outcome anti-climatic and silly, and it was five times longer than it had to be.  I couldn't wait for her to go back to sleep.
B0013FDM7E|3.0|I did not enjoy this movie very much. Will smith is a good actor, but this movie is not one of his best. It is rather boring and does not keep you interested. If you are looking for a movie to give to someone, or for something interesting to watch, then I would advise you not to get this.
B004A8ZX2I|4.0|1. I am a Liam Nissan fan.   2. Due to the intriquing plot and action I didn't fall asleep as I might and often do (getting old!).   3. Would have given a 5 star rating but the ending was resolved too predictably and rushed   as though it was running over budget and time to end the movie no matter what the outcome.     Overall, very entertaining.
0439023521|5.0|People kept telling me to read this book and that it was so awesome you couldn't put it down. They were completely right, it's a very refreshing read. Read the book before you see the movie that's coming soon!
B004SBS8LA|4.0|with the latest update, you have to destroy a plane on level 9-11. they should change the levels around. haven't noticed any bugs, so it was a good update other than bad choice of a level.
B003XCVQ3C|5.0|February 9, 2014 Update:<br />It has died about a week ago. The end pieces kept popping off exposing the hardware inside. I guess it couldn't take it anymore. Found a better one that does not detach.<br /><br />Very easy to connect to the Mac and to the TV. It does work for the newest version of Mac with the HD Facetime. (That's how i describe the new version of Mac. lol.) Extremely happy with this product. ^_^
0030839939|5.0|After using several solid state books during my undergraduate career I was very unimpressed with what was available.    Ashcroft's book is much more readable than anything I have used before. I haven't started the problems yet so I cannot comment on the difficultly of the exercises.
B00003CWOL|5.0|This is one of those great, little known movies. There are loads of big name actors, and the whole thing really does make you think at the end. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone over the age of 13, so they're old enough to appreciate it.   Good quality purchase, brand new condition.
B005JR4SEI|5.0|Again, we learn that to know Breaking Bad, you have to watch every little detail.  I'm watching the final two episodes of last season again tonight because small things matter, and problem dogs are not always what we think they are...or who.  Right now, I have my eye on a man with a greying moustache and a certain law enforcement agency...<br /><br />I love a program that makes me use my imagination!  This one could train us all to be Sherlock Holmes, or darned-good CSIs.  Little, minute details come back to the characters and the plot in the most interesting ways.<br /><br />I was wrong...and right in speculations last week about the Challenger.  Yet, another of Walt's house of cards that has to topple.  Everything Walt does this season reflects a comment about him early on...an underachiever who walked away from great potential because of his ego.  This season, his ego and his frustration over not being able to flaunt his success will be his undoing, and he will take pretty much everyone with him.<br /><br />Jesse is finally beginning to understand his potential and his role in sculpting his life, such as it is.  He's finally listening to important little birds, but it's probably too late for him, even with epiphanies blossoming in front of him.  Aaron Paul needs to share best actor with Bryan Cranston this year.  Much as I love Michael C. Hall in Dexter, their intensity is the quiet scream of our own souls as they lash out, plot their futures, understand their past and make grand mistakes in judgement.  The difference between them and us is that they are the games our minds play with us each and every day.  They are us in a parallel Universe.  They are us in our worst fantasies...and in the end, fortunately, they are not us in our actions.<br /><br />Giancarlo Esposito, Gus Frin, is the master villain because he is the master manipulator, the master negotiator and to him, life has become a game where he doesn't care how he benefits, only how he plays, and yet, he has made at least two potentially fatal mistakes.<br /><br />Skyler is in so far over her head that she is drowning in the ocean that was once her backyard pool.  Everything that Walt has done and the situation, as she becomes more aware of it, simply pulls her farther out into a rip-tide she could never imagine.  How do you launder the kind of money the carwash is supposed to handle?  Where can she even put it?  And then, of course, there is Walt, his ego, his anger and his mouth...<br /><br />Hank has put enough together that he pretty much has to be the target again...Gus won't like where he is going.  Walt may go over some paranoid brink.  Of course, Jesse is still between Hank's cross-hairs, and would be the weakest link in putting things together...But what about the guy with the greying moustache?<br /><br />My imagination races with each new episode...and why is it that I keep feeling like painting a velvet portrait of Vince Gilligan with a beam of light shining down on him, and a halo above his head...No, wait!  Are those horns?<br /><br />I've never been the groupie type, but I wonder, if they have another season, whether I might want to vacation in Albuquerque when they are shooting next year?  God, I hope there is a next year!ally fatal mistakes.    Skyler is in so far over her head that she is drowning in the ocean that was once her backyard pool.  Everything that Walt has done and the situation, as she becomes more aware of it, simply pulls her farther out into a rip-tide she could never imagine.  How do you launder the kind of money the carwash is supposed to handle?  Where can she even put it?  And then, of course, there is Walt, his ego, his anger and his mouth...    Hank has put enough together that he pretty much has to be the target again...Gus won't like where he is going.  Walt may go over some paranoid brink.  Of course, Jesse is still between Hank's cross-hairs, and would be the weakest link in putting things together...But what about the guy with the greying moustache?    My imagination races with each new episode...and why is it that I keep feeling like painting a velvet portrait of Vince Gilligan with a beam of light shining down on him, and a halo above his head...No, wait!  Are those horns?    I've never been the groupie type, but I wonder, if they have another season, whether I might want to vacation in Albuquerque when they are shooting next year?  God, I hope there is a next year!
0307272702|5.0|A little technical at the beginning but explains weight gain completely. I especially liked the second half that talks about what we can do about it.
B004R6JG7G|5.0|Amazon puts all of the reviews for TOP GUN into one big mashed pile.  You will be confused unless you look at what movie the reviewer is reviewing.  Right above the review is \\"This review is from\\" and then it lists what version of the movie the person was looking at.  There are about four versions of this movie now even including reviews for the now defunct HD-DVD.  Personally I think this is a stupid way of doing things but I don't run Amazon so whatever.<br /><br />BTW, the 25th Anniversary Bluray is listed right now for $9.99 as of this posting.  I will check it out and see if they did any funky stuff with the aspect ratios like I've read for other versions...<br /><br />But this movie gets five stars easy.  Not looking for a big intellectual story here, great popcorn movie and one of the reasons I went in the Navy.  (even though I went to submarines instead of F-14's, never figured that one out.)  lol
B000SMWUPS|5.0|I bought two for my citi mini double, and I'm so glad I did!  It's great, and it's way cheaper than the one made to go with my stroller.  I bought two of these for 2/3 the price of ONE from baby jogger!  Love it.  The insulation is great too; the ice in my water bottles doesn't melt as fast on long walks around the lake because of it.  And I don't even have to take them off to fold the stroller.  They are also great because I can take one off and put it on my Uppa Baby Gluxe stroller if I want.
0439023513|3.0|To be honest, I was disappointed in this final book. I feel like the first book was great, unparalleled in quality and story to anything else in the market. However, with each addition there is a stark decline. I believe this should have been a one-off rather than a series. I know that any publisher and often writer is tantalized by the dollars that can be made from a popular franchise, but I think there need to be books that stand alone. No one would make a sequel to Lord of the Flies or 1984 and expect them to be anywhere as good as the first. Not only that, but it would sully the originals.<br /><br />The second book, Catching Fire, is decent, but not amazing, and this final chapter is not all that stellar at all. Not to spoil it for everyone, but lots of people die, most of the main characters, in fact, and the story doesn't gain anything from it. It's difficult to believe that Katniss is even on the sort of quest that she's on, and it feels like Collins is simply trying to stretch out the story for the sake of creating a third book in a trilogy. The love triangle is boring and tired as a level of complexity for the plot, and it's been played out for way too long. I definitely recommend the first book, and could go either way on the second, but don't recommend this third book at all. Don't bother reading it unless you need finality to the story.<br /><br />-Lindsey Miller, Lindsey's Library
1439190275|1.0|Just a not particularly well-written reworking of the original theory in a less-informative and more jazzy phrasing.  Waste of money
B0058A119G|3.0|I got it expecting more than what it was...... I am a Barbra fan and so will cherish it but so much reminded me that she was in piano bar singing ......not the lady that I paid 800.00 to hear her.  I like the words and remember so many of the songs...bought back a lot of yesterday years.  The bonus Cd had one song that kept skipping  \\"You don't send me flowers\\" This is a Cd that is for those quiet nights at home...... to fill you with memories.....
B0055SWM08|5.0|a very good puzzle game with slowly increasing difficulty.  it is entertaining and challenging.  no issues on DROID x at all.  looking forward to their next game.
0062060554|5.0|This is great storytelling from cover to cover. An amnesiac keeps a journal to remember things because each day when she wakes up, she cannot remember who she is, where she is, or what happened the day before. Reminded by a phone call from her doctor to read her journal everyday, she slowly begins to remember things, some of which don't jibe with what she's been told by her husband, Ben. Most disturbing is an early journal entry that she made which reads, \\"Don't trust Ben.\\"  Trust that you will remember this book long after you read the last thrilling page.
140131046X|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  We have given it to many friends.  It describes a perfect comparison of Jewish and Evangelistic Christian communities and leaders.  Both bring great inspirition.
B000W796OM|5.0|This is a no frills version of the movie, but was just what we needed to review the series before going to watch the last film.
B004XIQF72|5.0|More and more artist should release their music on vinyl, the quality of sound is prestine!  Mana is one of the greatest bands of all time and to hear their latest work on vinyl is a great experience.
B0055EDBIE|4.0|Dear Music Appreciator,<br /><br />Here are three reasons to buy this music:<br /><br />1.  You don't mind a little message with your music - artists that imbue their music with explorations of racial, social, and political issues fascinate and challenge you and you would rather hear something with some brains behind it than the flavor of the week trying to burn some sickly catchy beat into your brain that you will love at first and later wish you'd never heard after the one hundred thousandth time you hear it.  In other words, you don't waste your money on cotton candy at the fair.<br /><br />2.  You are the kind of person who really appreciates Marvin Gaye and James Brown.  You are the kind of person who likes to get funky.  You are the kind of person who dances around the room with headphones on, not earbuds, but headphones, real headphones, like shut out the world on the subway headphones that you can hear music really well in - you may have a room-dancing con headphones moment or two with this album - you might even buy this album on vinyl, I don't know.<br /><br />3.  You have the intelligence and the patience to realize that although you might be all excited and dancing with the first track of a new album and then get a little bored and maybe even fall asleep on the couch because it's too late at night, if you listen to some albums over and over again they will eventually come alive for you in a meaningful way and you will be glad you stuck with it.  Some of the best music has to grown on you awhile before it sticks.<br /><br />BLACK AND WHITE AMERICA will stick if you give it a chance.<br /><br />Sincerely,<br /><br />Constant Listener
B004SC8YH2|2.0|Songs are of little depth with poor words. If I would have been able to listened to more of these songs prior to buying the CD I would not have bought it.  As good as mister Cross can be this CD doesn't say much for him.
B004A8ZWVU|5.0|The movie is set in Jackson, Mississippi. The upper crust society employs black people in a way that is not far from slavery. The racial attitudes were such that it made me tearful and sad. Emma Stone plays the overly hip daughter, Skeeter, who has come home from her 4 years at Old Miss. She was taken a job as a journalist with the Jackson newspaper. She is ahead of her time as she doesn't share many of the racial views, or typical roles women must play. Her job at the paper requires her to take over a column on giving household hints, something she knows nothing about and must go to \\"the help\\" for advice. She is also stirred by the fact the family fired Constance(Cicely Tyson), the \\"woman who raised her.\\"<br /><br />Skeeter aspires to be a book writer. She decides to write a book from the view of the maids who raise white children and aren't allowed to use the same restrooms in the house (black people carry different diseases than white people). The only problem with the idea is that no maid wants to tell on their boss for fear of getting fired, or having their house burn down. It was also illegal in Mississippi for Skeeter to write such a book.<br /><br />After a few incidents and a rousing sermon about courage, Aibileen, played magnificently by Viola Davis, breaks down and consents to tell her story followed by Minny Jackson (Octavia Spencer). Skeeter also hangs out with her white friends led by Hilly Holbrook (Bryce Dallas Howard) who has written a bill for the state attorney's general requiring families that hire black people be required to have a separate restroom for them. (There is nothing worse than going over to a white person's help knowing the maid uses the guest toilet.) Eventually the maids tell their stories, some nice, some not so nice.<br /><br />Skeeter's mom is concerned that her daughter isn't married or has a boyfriend and sets her up at every opportunity.<br /><br />The movie takes you on an emotional roller coaster ride. One second you are laughing, the next sad. You go from angry to joyful. It was superbly acted and directed and will certainly get some kind of Oscar. It is that good. If you go to watch it, bring Kleenex.<br /><br />Uses the N-word. No f-bombs, sex, or nudity.ghing, the next sad. You go from angry to joyful. It was superbly acted and directed and will certainly get some kind of Oscar. It is that good. If you go to watch it, bring Kleenex.<br /><br />Uses the N-word. No f-bombs, sex, or nudity.
B004WKOCQC|4.0|Throughout their fifteen year career, Incubus has paved a trail for themselves out of the nu-metal scene of the late 90's. While other bands of that era have fallen by the wayside and failed to expand their sound, Incubus has made it a point not to do the same album twice. Though their most successful radio hit was &#34;Drive&#34; from their 1999 album &#34;Make Yourself&#34;, they came into their own with their 2001 follow-up &#34;Morning Wiew&#34;. In 2004, they made their most accomplished recording- the politically charged &#34;A Crow Left Of The Murder&#34;, followed by the criminally underrated &#34;Light Grenades&#34;. They took a break in 2009 by issuing a greatest hits album &#34;Monuments And Melodies&#34;, followed by lead singer Brandon Boyd's &#34;The Wild Trapeze&#34; a year later. They released their first album in five years in 2011, the noticeably calm &#34;If Not Now, When?&#34;.<br /><br />Their new album marks the third collaboration between the band and producer Brendan O'Brien- who also helmed the aforementioned &#34;A Crow Left Of The Murder&#34; and &#34;Light Grenades&#34;. They are mellowed out and laid back on this effort, which is a far cry from their &#34;Pardon Me&#34; and &#34;Wish You Were Here&#34; days. The album starts off with the title track &#34;If Not Now, When?&#34; leading into the piano- driven ballad &#34;Promises, Promises&#34;, which recalls early Elton John. On the ballad &#34;Friends And Lovers&#34;, Brandon sings about the importance of sticking with someone through the thick and thin in a relationship. The tracks &#34;Thieves&#34; and &#34;Switchblade&#34; recall the days of early Incubus. They go for a straight ahead sound on the radio ready &#34;Isadore&#34; and create a brief acoustic ballad with &#34;Defiance&#34;. They channel Pink Floyd on the seven minute ballad &#34;In The Company Of Wolves&#34; and close the album with &#34;Tomorrow's Food&#34;. Though the album is tame- even by Incubus' standards, &#34;If Not Now, When?&#34; shows them at their most experimental, as well as their most mature. This is an album that needs to be played a few times to understand its brilliance in being understated and melodic. &#34;If Not Now, When?&#34; is a record worth listening to, even if the change in sound throws one off a little.t Now, When?&#34; shows them at their most experimental, as well as their most mature. This is an album that needs to be played a few times to understand its brilliance in being understated and melodic. &#34;If Not Now, When?&#34; is a record worth listening to, even if the change in sound throws one off a little.
1609611543|5.0|As a person living with Celiac disease, I am always intrigued to find out more about gluten sensitivity and intolerance.  Wheat Belly by Dr. William Davis is an interesting book that provides a lot of good information regarding wheat free diets and how they can be beneficial to the average American's health.  My diet is gluten free so my autoimmune disease does not continue to hurt my body, but many people these days are interested in the gluten free diet as a way to lose weight.<br /><br />Some points that stuck out to me from Wheat Belly (no pun intended, ha):<br /><br />-The connection between eating wheat and behavior in schizophrenics (shocking, seriously)<br />-The glycemic index of wheat and how eating a piece of wheat bread affects our blood sugar<br />-The amount of weight Davis' patients lost on average from modifying their diets to exclude wheat<br />-How wheat has changed over the many years and how its modifications have affected our ability to digest it<br /><br />I have known since December that wheat was not good for me due to my autoimmune disease; however, I did not know how harmful it can be to others.<br /><br />Thank you, Dr. Davis for your research and insight into gluten's effect on our bodies.  Please keep it up and continue sharing your message with our land of processed foods!
B005JN988I|5.0|This was a fantastic episode, and I loved every minute.    But they left Hitler in the cupboard. And forgot about him. The Fuhrer. In a closet. For hours on end.    Though it does make sense, in a way.    I imagine that it must have been Rory's revenge on being left in a closet for hours when he thought there was a game of hide-and-seek going on. All his life, he sought vengeance upon those wasted hours of his life, yearning to lock someone up in a closet. Obviously he couldn't shut away Amy, being in love with her, and if he did it to Mels, Amy would've hated him. But now, after all these years, he finally has the chance to release his fury and regret and unleash this personal vendetta, and on Hitler no less! What a great emotional moment for him!    I adore Rory Williams.
B000MKD9P6|5.0|Meryl Streep is deliciously evil as Miranda, the head of a glamorous fashion magazine. Her understated, low key, malicious manipulation of others is a refreshing contrast to the other type of evil behavior that we are accustomed to (blustering, shouting, blatant and violent). The climate of fear that she is surrounded by is, to a large extent, due to her associates' fear of her; that kind of fear is contagious.    Anne Hathaway does a good job of being a doe-eyed innocent who, in order to gain some temporary experience for her resume, tries to get employed by Miranda and, contrary to everyone's expectations, is hired by her. Soon, she learns that working for Miranda is like being put on the rack and slowly begins to sell her soul bit by bit, seduced by all the glamour and her desire not to fail.    The only drawback to the film was Hathaway's boyfriend in the movie; the guy is ugly, ugly, ugly. Couldn't they have chosen someone else?
B0018QOIXU|5.0|Thank you for being an upstanding seller!! My brand new cd arrived within a couple days of purchase and in perfect condition-thank you!
B0058A119G|5.0|Perfect selection of old and new! Beautiful music and voice, what a joy to listen to such perfection! I could listen to this albumn a thousand times and never tire of listening to such a special treat.
B0034DGPEU|5.0|After reading this novel shortly after it was published, the story stayed with me for quite some time.  I wrote Kathleen and thanked her for providing such a powerful story of how slavery really was.  It truely was an eye-opening experience.  I instantly started to understand why there is so much black and white racism and discrimination today.  The treatment of African Americans was despicable, unexcusable and certainly not what I learned in school about slavery.  Until I read this book, I had no idea about the detailed horrors that took place.  The characters were real people to me and came alive with the story.  I felt so much compassion and empathy.  This is a must read!  I could not put this book down.  I think everyone should read this book.
B001AQO446|2.0|The Blues Brothers is my all time favorite movie. It was released the year I was born and Ive grown up watching it to the point that I know it word for word, scene for scene, sound effects and all.   I was so eager to get this blu ray but disappointed when I watched it to find that what Universal has done is they have overlapped the theatrical version and the extended version so it is meant to run \\"seamlessly\\". I have a huge problem with this because when watching the Theatrical cut (the only cut in my opinion) it now has many things different. The extended cut didn't just have extra scenes, the soundtrack was vastly different too and song pieces were different versions and sometimes had added verses. James Browns song is very different in the extended cut as was Cab's Minnie the Moocher.  So to me I can really notice when a scene is not in sync as it should be when \\"seamlessly\\" skipping past an extended cut scene. This is probably a very minor issue for most people but to me it is a big deal and lazy on Universals behalf.    The video quality is amazing here and the sound quality is decent but I just can't get past the butchered theatrical cut and can see myself going back to the dvd version the next time I watch it.   Of course as soon as universal release the 35th anniversary blu ray with all this fixed and a 7.1 mixed soundtrack then I'll be buying it day one.
B0054N73EY|5.0|After my very first listen to the album I was already surprised by how great it is and couldn't wait to play it again. I have now listened to it for the 5th time in a row and I can't get enough, I want to give it more runs until it's time to go to sleep.    In short the album has it all. Great album from start to finish. It is not only entertaining, catchy, diverse and well constructed, but it definitely feels like RHCP but with added pleasant elements. I may add the new guitar player has an awesome style that goes great with the rest of the band... I could only think that they went through a lot of auditions for taking Josh aboard. He is definitely the perfect guy for the band... non-believers, do yourselves a favor and listen!    About how diverse and fun the record is: It has explosive rock songs, ballads, bass solos, a lot of percussion, great catchy chorus, outstanding bass and guitar lines, different styles of singing, even some piano and trumpet solos. I am a drummer myself and am really enjoying the work that Chad's done on it as well.    It has all the elements that I like on an album. It is hard to ask for more when the album really has it all.    Do yourself a favor and get this album. It will instantly go to the top albums you want to listen to.   You   will   NOT    regret   it.
B004XZR63M|4.0|It is a really short read. I actually relate to this author really well. We have very similar life experiences. I think I could sum up the book in one sentence though; buy income producing assets before you buy toys. While his other points are really good advice that is by far the main point of the book.  Amazing to think he has probably made millions off of that one simple point.  If you are one that already knows this point and just want to increase your investment savvy, then this book isn't for you. Skip it and read something else.
0525951652|5.0|Our book group (Renegade Readers) is chomping at the bit to discuss this one at tonight's gathering.  So far it's been thumbs-up by those who have finished.  My daughter picked it up and couldn't put it down.....so there's at least a 40 year age span to whom this book is appealing.  We missed the characters when we finished and can't wait for the 2nd book.  I liked the way the book was broken up to show the events in each place during the same time frame....it straightened out a lot of history for me and clarified my understanding of how all those separate events related to each other.
B003Y74KCK|3.0|I've had several cases for my phone and I would rate this as a light-duty, lightweight, basic case. It will prevent your phone's backside from being scratched and it does provide a nice soft surface that is easy to grip with your hand. It is not a hard case and will likely only provide protection from short drops onto hard surfaces. My experience with white colored cases in the past is that they get dirty quickly, but this one is holding it color and is easy to remove and clean. Overall it is a good case for someone who wants something minimal that will be comfortable to hold and will give confidence in their grip.
B0006GVJEE|5.0|I had only seen this on tv; the extended version here has about 1/2 hour more material; the result is a story that makes sense with far better plot and characters.  The story is a brilliant mix of humor, drama and pathos...very much along the line of la Femme Nikita and Betty Blue.
B0048WQDIE|5.0|I would only recommend this book if you aren't easily offended. It does have coarse language and is gruesome in parts.  It has been a while since my first reading of this book. I read it when I really new to the military. It is much funnier now after having gone to war and been in the Army for longer than a year.  I must admit that even though the characters in this book are a bit outlandish and far fetched, you do feel at times in the Military that your superior officers are exactly like the characters in this book.
1451629184|5.0|What an amazing story of survival for such a young girl.  I was very emotional reading this book.  I just cant beleive the injustice done to this woman. How could this mans wife just let him do this to her and other girls- and she helped? While he encouraged his captor be friends with his wife? But she made her own family from her daughters and her animals. A story written by a true survivor.
158270208X|5.0|thank you so much... i'm on my way to a more beautiful rewarding life... all because i can express more gratitude in life than i ever thought possible... thank you.
B004J4WQ46|5.0|The good news: This is a solid effort by The Strokes, and one could argue that after Is This It? this is their best CD. Their sound is very well updated, and in addition to the lead singles (is that term even relevant anymore?) Machu Picchu and under Cover, the CD has two hidden gems in Taken for a Fool and Games. With the possible exception of Call Me Back (which starts nicely as a Strokes version of Girl from Ipanema but loses the plot after that and becomes just boring) everything else is excellent in here. Also You're so Right sounds like The Strokes covering an Interpol cover of a Strokes song (which isn't that bad actually ;-)) ).    The bad news: The album got some poor reviews from people who felt obligated to appear soooooo hip that they had to rush to be the first to put it down.     Ignore the reviews, but it and you won't be disappointed.
B0000696I0|4.0|This movie is very fun . . . the icing on the cake is vanilla ice!!  Refreshing and harmless fun.  I recommend this story for anyone wantin a good time!  Thank you for the prompt sending and the perfect condition.  You guys r aight.
B002ZG975Q|1.0|I just saw this movie last night and was nauseated by the awfulness.  I wanted so badly to turn it off because it was annoying me just that much.  However, I stuck it out to see how it would end and if it would get any better...it didn't!    Rich, arrogant popolar highschool guy (who looks 30 with bad acne) is stuck on looks...his own and others.  Mary Kate plays a gothic styled witch who casts a spell on him and lands him with a few Freddie Kruger scars and a bad tatoo job the rest of the way.  OOHHHH SCAREY!  GMAB!  The whole witch thing was ridiculous...that made me roll my eyes more than anything! Everytime you saw her she had on some unrealistic high fashion outfit and was stomping around like she was on a runway!    After the curse, no one seems to react to his graffiti face as much as they should have.  Random girl from school falls in love with him and asks no questions about what happened once he's restored to at the end.  \\"It's you\\" is all she says???!!!  This so called \\"witch\\" then restores sight to the blind and delivers green cards too.  G-M-A-B!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I would go on but I have to relive the movie to write this review and I feel myself getting sick all over again.  LOL!!!!
1439181780|5.0|holy five grains!!!... i'm reading it for the 3rd time within a month... it's 'my' bible of life.    wow!!! it's the best read ever. i love it so much. thank you rhonda and everyone (and everything) for bringing the secret to me :-)    xoxoxoxoxo
0307946711|5.0|I am still stuck on how brilliant the construction of this novel is, and how much I cared about it while I was reading it. The novel focuses on two main characters - Dex and Em - and chooses one day every year to describe what is going on in each of their lives. The chapters are captivating, funny, gut-wrenching, honest...they harken back to the uncomfortable, as well as the happy times in both Em and Dex's life with straightforward, honest, witty and descriptively hillarious prose. This author is one who truly understands people and observes what drives them, with a sense of irony and wit so attuned to real human experience, I find myself blushing as I realize that I too am a \\"type\\" that can be captured on paper by someone with an eye for detail and a sensitive hand.<br /><br />The characters are so well developed, I believe in them. I worry about them. I want them to succeed and be happy.<br /><br />This book is so elegantly constructed with its surprise ending. I wont say more, because I don't want to ruin it, but the author's choice to leave out certain details until the end of the novel is downright sublime. I am left with feelings of tenderness for the simplicity and innocence of Em and Dex.
B005H2IAM6|4.0|Being a BIG fan for years of the english dubbed cartoon (StarBlazers aka Yamato ) shown in the   USA year ago, I couldn't wait to see this movie when I heard that a live action version was  being made.    The script sticks mostly to the original story plot from the cartoon.     And the actor in the movie are pretty spot on as well to there cartoon counterparts.    Even the CGI effect are better then I thought they would be.  Based on American   movie production budgets that would have cost 3 or 4 times as much to have made a movie like this.      Definitely worth buying this DVD.
B001N1DPDE|5.0|It's important to have \\"the right tool for the job\\".  So, one must first ask, \\"What's the job?\\"  I researched a number of knives, looking for one that would capably perform a variety of jobs.  I wanted a tool that would never make me question its strength (I anticpate batonning small logs, chopping limbs, even severing bone)... this is the one.  I wanted a knife that could remain sharp... this is the one.  I wanted a well-balanced knife (obviously what determines this is its desired function; i.e. this is, of course, no throwing knife)... this is the one.  And, for all of its heft, I do not find it unwieldy in the least.  Can you split wood better with an ax?  Sure.  Can you more easily remove a substantial limb with a bow saw?  Certainly.  But for a single tool to perform a variety of tasks, I highly recommend this knife.
0316069884|4.0|I have read all of the major books railing against factory farming, and significantly altered my diet to remove factory farmed meat from it. But Eating Animals was the first book that made me realize I might have to become a vegetarian. Although Foer's book feels somewhat disorganized -- I kept waiting for a chapter on aquaculture, not just bits and pieces -- he has a novelist's instinct for pulling out the most appalling of details about farming and slaughter practices that Pollan and Schlosser seem to have ignored or missed. He does not mince words, and there are times when reading this book where you will literally feel sick to your stomach. But, those details also feel a bit thrown in for shock effect (it works!), instead of woven through a clear, organized structure. I highly recommend this book to all eaters -- meat eaters and vegetarians alike -- and especially those with children.
B004Y1USV2|5.0|If you are a Yes fan, I believe you will love this CD.  Musically, vocally, just wonderful and this one grows on you to the point of addiction.  I can't stop listening to it.  I have to stop, this is becoming too much, it's too good.  I think this could be my favorite CD by them, not because it's their most mind blowing it's just infectious to the extreme.  I just can't stop.  I've played it already over 100X - this will probably be my favorite album this year.  You just can't stop listening to it.  I just can't stop humming and singing along.  A musical journey from start to finish.
0062060554|5.0|All I can say after reading this to my husband was \\"WOW!!!\\"      The book started slow, but as I continued reading, I could not put the book down.  I endulged myself into the book and became the main character, Christine.  She was going through so much, yet I didn't know expect the outcome to be what it was.  The outcome was most certainly a big twist for me. I wanted to know and find out who the \\"Christine\\" really was and every time I turned the page or move on to another chapter, it was something new.  I felt for Christine for what she was going through and then to find out that she had an affair... I couldn't believe it!  To know that you had amnesia and had forgotten your past was horrific; then to find out the truth was very hurtful, but my heart softened and felt for her.      This book most certainly deserves a five star!!!  I am truly glad I purchased the book.
B004T5K3OK|5.0|I use this app with \\"DropBox\\" and can send anything.pdf to anywhere!<br />Use this if it absolutely, positively, can't wait for overnight!!
B00127RAJY|5.0|I've finished day ten of level one and what a difference from day one. At the start I had to modify the moves I couldn't do or I knew would give me knee pain. IE I did touch steps instead of full jumping jacks, alternated my feet instead of skipping rope with both feet off the ground, watched my knee positions with the lunges. Didn't do the workout day after day, let my muscles rest. But by the end I was doing the unmodified moves, except for those darn military push-ups, but given time it will come.    By using the knowledge I already had on proper form, remedial exercising and just listening to what my body could do BUT not making excuses when I was just feeling lazy I feel I got a lot from this DVD. I would recommend it to others with the warning to use exercise commonsense and listen to their bodies.
1931559317|4.0|This is a superb atlas for use in the field.  It's portable, shows enough stars to resemble closely what one would see in the finder scope and is easy to use once one gets familiar with how it's laid out.  It's also quite durable, mine has been dew soaked and even had water poured on it (from pooled dew on an eyepiece case lid) and the atlas shows no harm or damage.  One note:  DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR AN INTRODUCTION TO STARGAZING.  That's not the book's intent...it's a map, not a field guide.  The only thing that kept me from giving it a 5 star rating is that it would have been nice if they'd included a clear acetate page with FOV circles that flips out of the cover and could overlay the pages.  I've made some, but they always seem to get lost.  It would also have been nice if the showpiece double stars had some way of differentiating from the other doubles listed.  Idea for the publishers...how about a double star atlas in the same size format? :-)  CAH
B0018S6YO4|3.0|Undoubtably I ordred the wrong CD because this one definately wasn't what I exspected. Im sure I meant to order Rihanna Loud, I didnt particularly care for most of the songs on this CD.
B0058P7KUA|4.0|the title sais it all.  i dont know how my stupid self did it but i downloaded this game without realizing the cost... my girlfriend was happy to point that out on the bill...    anyways... the fist few times i played it i wasnt very impressed. i had some lag issues. it only happened when there was alot of zombies on the screen (and they do start coming in hordes!). but after a few rounds this game really grew on me.     the dialogue, while very cheesy, was entertaining like duke nukem.  the graphics worked great for the style of the game. it brought everything together. and there was always a ton of action going on.    im glad i accidently bought this game.  i will also add i never really played it again after my first play thru.
B002UXRH10|4.0|I really like most of the songs on this CD. I wouldnt suggest it for younger listeners though, it has a few songs that drop the F bomb and a few with extreme sexual suggestivaty. As a mature adult, I really liked it.
B002N5N5LG|5.0|I just love this show. The cast is perfect from top to bottom and the writing is fast and clever. Any show that turns Chevy Chase into a comedic genius must be doing something right. This is probably the best comedy on TV right now. Not much more to say other than I just wanted to get the word out on what too many people are missing. Just look at the five star average here. Bring on Season 3!
B000G0O5N2|5.0|I remembering seeing this shortly after it was first released and not being that impressed. My central criticisms were that it lacked characterisation (indeed I couldn't even tell who was who apart from Eric Bana and Ewan McGregor!) and lacked plot. You could argue that a film based on a real and chaotic incident was always going to lack plot - but that is the skill of a screenwriter: to create plot where none seems to exist.    I recently rewatched it on blu-ray and was blown away (pun unintended). My gripes about plot and characters still stand, but I now appreciate this is not what the film is about. Instead Ridley Scott has created an almost documentary-like movie about the chaos, fear, futility and heroism of war by putting the viewer right in the middle of the action. This is film making as immersion experience (all the more so if you have a surround sound system). It's stunning and visceral.    Large sections of the film are created from montage (no wonder editor Pietro Scalia won an Oscar) and there is a blaze of gunfire and blood rendered all the more realistic by shooting with the shutter open. This must rank as one of the most accurate war movies ever made - light years away from pictures like John Wayne's [[ASIN:B002OQZEL8 The Green Berets [Blu-ray]]].    The special features are a mixed bag. There are some deleted scenes and History Channel documentaries. What I was most looking forward to was the 'Essence of Combat' documentary as I've found previous Ridley Scott 'Makings of...' to set the standard. This one was a bit disappointing. There's not enough of Sir Ridley himself and it could have done with a prune. They seem to get snippets of the whole cast saying the same thing: 'we wanted to honor the real men', 'it was like being a kid playing with guns' etc. It becomes tedious: I got it the first couple of times!    Finally, the one scene that sticks in my mind more than any other is the moment where the two Delta Force snipers volunteer to drop into the streets of 'Mog' to protect the crashed Black Hawk even though they know they probably won't make it out alive. True heroism.
B0025KVLU6|5.0|George Martin - and all of EMI's engineers - spent far, far longer mixing down the songs in mono. Back then, stereo was still kind of a new \\"fad.\\" Not everyone had a stereo player, but everyone had a record player in mono.  So, if you really want to hear the superior mixing methods and superb editing and punch in's and punch out's, the mono versions are the ones to listen to. The stereo mixes were usually sloughed off on some EMI engineer to do, unobserved, in the wee hours of the morning, long after the Beatles and George Martin had gone off to bed.  I grew up listening to the Stereo versions, except for Sgt. Pepper. When I first heard Pepper, it was on a monaural disc. When I bought it, it was in stereo and I didn't like it at all because everything I had gotten used to was now suddenly panned hard to the left or right speaker, or the dry vocal would be in one speaker and the reverb on the vocal would be in the other. For those non-purists, try listening to SGt.P in mono.  Both mono and stereo remasters of \\"The White Album\\" are superb!  The clarity is incredible.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|If you've just discovered Angry Birds, congrats! Buy it-you will have no regrets. This is a first rate time waster-err...game that is :)<br /><br />Seriously-it is a fun game with well designed graphics and an easy to learn, yet sometimes hard to master gameplay that is done with simply a finger.
B00000DMJF|5.0|Does anyone else notice the difference in feeling and tone the 2nd disc has over the first? By the time you hit Side 4, opening with \\"Revolution1\\", the album takes on a more sinister tone. When it hits \\"Cry Baby Cry\\" into \\"Can You Take Me Back...\\" it's really primed for something dark. I don't know how many times, as a kid, I listened to Revolution 9 over and over and over again to listen for the \\"clues\\" about Paul's demise (yes, I fell for it when I was young). That piece of noise is very disquieting, cacophonous and downright weird. It scared me then and it still brings back dark memories for me. The fact that it's followed up with the beautiful \\"Good Night\\" makes it even more creepy. I think the Beatles were up to something when John and Paul took an entire day to come up with the sequencing of these songs to cover two LP's. There is some weird \\"juju\\" going on with the second disc and it all culminates on \\"Revolution 9.\\" Perhaps it sums up the chaotic year that 1968 was around the world, especially in the U.S. Maybe I was just too engrossed in the music. That's the kind of effect that the Beatles had and could make on a kid growing up in the 1960's.
0393324818|5.0|Finally got around to reading this book having heard a lot about it already. For fans of sabermetrics this book is enjoyable because it gives a more human background of the rise of the A's and the start of a more scientific way of looking at baseball stats. Really wonder how the movie will be.
B002T9H2L0|5.0|Quentin Tarantino's movies are pure gold, and this one is no exception. Brad Pitt delvers a brilliant performance, as do the other cast members. You'll laugh, you'll cry, and you'll really hate Nazis. Watch and enjoy!
B0052VUNHC|5.0|Abby Abernathy and her best friend America are freshmen in college, at Eastern U. The story opens up with Abby, America, and America's boyfriend, Shepley attending an underground fight. They've gone to watch Shepley's cousin, Travis \\"Mad Dog\\" Maddox fight. He is somewhat of a legend, tattooed, and tough, undefeated in these underground matches. Travis and Shepley pay the bills and rent with these fights. Travis also is the resident heart-breaker at Eastern U, where he and Shepley attend college. Girls throw themselves at him left and right but he never has more than a one-night-stand with any of them.<br /><br />So at the night of the fight, Abby gets up front and close to see the match and ends up getting blood spattered all over her. She also ends up catching the attention of Travis. The next day at school, in the cafeteria, Travis sits down with Shepley, America, and Abby for lunch with two bimbo blondes in his lap vying for his attention. He quickly dismisses them, and gets to work trying to woo Abby. Abby doesn't want to be on the long list of one-night-stands, so she quickly sets him straight and tells him she won't sleep with him. Travis says he won't try to sleep with her, but they must be friends. She ends up losing a bet with him and has to stay in his apartment for a month (devastating!)<br /><br />So you quickly see where this is going. This is why I said before, this is a guilty pleasure!.....and a pleasure it is! My goodness, I was hooked! The push and pull between Abby and Travis is.....well, oh so good! This is somewhat of a roller-coaster ride but there is big payoffs, trust! If this doesn't sway you to read, then know this: I read it......then read it again, right after I finished! (Yes crazy!)<br /><br />Even with all the drama, I completely loved this book!!
B002ZG99CC|4.0|The movie turned out much better then I thought it would. I really liked it. Much better then the bad 1980s version.
B000NA1Z1A|5.0|This is a fabulous CD. I bought this prior to her death and what a shame she is no longer with us. Talent beyond compare.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|I never wanted to watch the show. Yet after reading and seeing so much about it I decided to get it from Nexflix. WoW did it turn out great. I can't stop watching it.
B004Q7E0TA|5.0|I was just browsing for books and picked this one up, and was about 40 pages into it before I got jolted back to reality as the store was closing. I've always admired Portia as an actress, from her early days on 'Ally' I was always a fan, and like every star-struck girl out there visualized the glamourous and wonderful lives of everyone famous. It was eye-opening to read her account of her early career, and how out of place and imperfect she felt. Although I don't personally identify with her obsession with being perfect, it definitely gave me a new perspective in understanding how someone can be driven to that kind of self-destructive behaviour. Her story is so sad and compelling, and I think everyone sees a little of themselves in her - a kid just wanting to fit in, unable to see the beauty in herself because she is so focused on the imperfections.    The thing I loved most about this book was how well I feel I got to know Portia. Her writing style makes me feel like she's talking to me, nothing fancy or metaphorical but never shying away from telling the entire truth. I feel like she was not made for Hollywood - she shys away from the media and has never been someone that is particularly funny or memorable, other than her beauty. However, this book brought me into her very personal life, and realize that although shy to the media, she is a dear and sweet woman who puts others before herself, and I admire her guts in writing this book and opening up something so private to the entire world.    Some reviewers have commented that this is a 'how-to' book for anyone that has an eating disorder and could be a trigger for those suffering with the disease - although that might be true this book never claims to be a self-help or motivational book for those struggling to recover from anorexia or bulemia - it is a personal memoir.
B005869U6G|1.0|Sad. This will teach you to never preorder.  I TRIED to like this but its kinda like trying to like peas when you dont like peas.  I gave it a few days and then deleted all but 2 songs.  I stopped what I was doing to in another room to remove the songs.  Dont know what happened to these guys.
B004QK5N5W|5.0|This product does exactly what it is supposed to do.  It let's you use an HDTV to display video content from your iPad.  This includes your own still pictures and videos as well as other content such as podcasts and streaming video.  In my opinion, the picture quality is quite good.  Photos look sharp and streamed video from  Netflix looks as good or nearly as good as video streamed via my Blu-ray player.  The product is compact and seems to be durable.  My only complaint is the price, which reflects the usual premium that Apple seems to demand for their products.
0393338827|5.0|I just finished reading this book. It was the best book i've read in quite some time. I will definitely read another by this author.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|Item received in protected condition. Similar to the pics shown. Price wise is much cheaper than being bought in my country. Thanks and great deal.
B004VMVTNU|5.0|This is a great app, works flawlessly on galaxy s epic. I've tried other alarm apps that have failed me, this app works 100% of the time and is easy to use.
1423136802|4.0|If you know anything about Greek mythology, you'll know that their gods had a tendency to produce demigod kids by the dozen. And the \\"Percy Jackson and the Olympians\\" series is all about a boy who discovers that he's the offspring of a god, and the other demi-god kids that he gets to know at a very, very special camp. Rick Riordan spins a clever fast-moving adventure that mines ancient mythology and gives it a modern spin.<br /><br />Percy Jackson has always been a troublemaker, but he's shocked when some truly strange things begin to happen in his life. After a minotaur attack, he learns that he's at a special training camp called Camp Half-Blood intended for demi-god children, and that his best friend Grover is actually a satyr bodyguard. Though Percy is understandably resistant to the idea, he soon makes friends in the sharp Annabeth and the bitter Luke (and enemies with the kids from Cabin Ares).<br /><br />Oh yes, and he finds that he's the son of the god Poseidon... which is a problem since the \\"Big Three\\" gods have sworn an oath not to father any more kids, due to a rather ominous prophecy.<br /><br />As a result, Percy finds himself in the middle of some epic cosmic battles -- he must recover Zeus' master lightning bolt before the world is thrown into chaos; he must venture into the Sea of Monsters to get Grover and the Golden Fleece; clash with the Titan Atlas; embark on a journey into the legendary Cretan Labyrinth to save the camp; and finally battles against Lord Kronos to save Olympus.<br /><br />The Percy Jackson series is all a little Harry Potter in concept -- ordinary kid discovers he has magical powers, and is taught in a specialized school/camp while fighting against the forces of evil. Rick Riordan spends the first half of \\"The Lightning Thief\\" exploring the whole idea of Camp Half-Blood and the demi-god kids -- but after that, the series pretty much flows quickly to the slam-bang end.<br /><br />Riordan has a snappy fast-moving style, and he peppers the story with plenty of plot twists and monstrous action. And he has quite a sharp-edged sense of humor -- the snarkiness is a bit annoying in the first chapter, but after that he produces some fun dialogue (\\"With great power... comes great need to take a nap\\"). And he does a good job with the concept of gods and monster surviving over the center of the western world, as well as spoking some fun at the gods' behavior.<br /><br />I found Percy rather annoying in the first couple chapters, but Riordan slowly evolves him from a rather bratty, rebellious kid to a reluctant budding hero who will take on literally anything to keep his loved ones safe. Annabeth is an excellent counterpart to Percy, smart and measured if rather haughty in attitude, as well as the timid Grover, embittered Luke, punky Thalia and moody Nico. And the gods are portrayed in a rather clever, tongue-in-cheek way.<br /><br />It has a couple slow spots, but Rick Riordan's Percy Jackson and the Olympians series is a solid, fast-moving little fantasy series, with likable characters and plenty of wit.pers the story with plenty of plot twists and monstrous action. And he has quite a sharp-edged sense of humor -- the snarkiness is a bit annoying in the first chapter, but after that he produces some fun dialogue (\\"With great power... comes great need to take a nap\\"). And he does a good job with the concept of gods and monster surviving over the center of the western world, as well as spoking some fun at the gods' behavior.<br /><br />I found Percy rather annoying in the first couple chapters, but Riordan slowly evolves him from a rather bratty, rebellious kid to a reluctant budding hero who will take on literally anything to keep his loved ones safe. Annabeth is an excellent counterpart to Percy, smart and measured if rather haughty in attitude, as well as the timid Grover, embittered Luke, punky Thalia and moody Nico. And the gods are portrayed in a rather clever, tongue-in-cheek way.<br /><br />It has a couple slow spots, but Rick Riordan's Percy Jackson and the Olympians series is a solid, fast-moving little fantasy series, with likable characters and plenty of wit.
B000YAA68W|5.0|Persepolis is a kind of film rarely seen in America: an animated film for adults. When I say \\"adult\\" I'm not referring to the ultra-violent zaniness found in Japanese animation or the double entendres meant to go over children's heads in movies like Shrek, I'm referring to a complicated protagonist attempting to simultaneously understand and manage overpowering change in the world around her. I don't think Bugs Bunny had the same depth of problems that Marjane Satrapi has (of course, I supposed he was struggling with living in Hobbes's nature during that whole rabbit season/duck season debacle). Even referencing Bugs seems a bit silly since animation has supposedly evolved to encompass many genres beyond children's film. Or at least outside of the United States boarders it has, and I'm sure no one would be surprised to learn that Persepolis has French subtitles.      Persepolis is based on an autobiographical comic book by Marjane Satrapi about growing up in Iran, being sent to Europe during her adolescents, and returning as she transitions into an adult. Growing up during the Iranian revolution, Marjane has a sense of wonder about the chaos around her. She becomes particularly intrigued by her uncle, a communist who was jailed and was only recently released from prison. Fueled by her uncle's stories and her parents political involvement she rallies a group of neighborhood kids to chase the son of an Iranian torturer so that they can gouge out his eyes with nails. They are stopped by an adult before the bloody deed is done. Marjane even begins talking back to her teacher in school, contradicting the Iranian status quo. After the Ayatollah comes to power Marjane's family fears what will happen to their outspoken daughter and decide to send her with some friends in Europe.      Once in Europe Marjane wrestles with the travails of puberty while trying to reconcile her exotic Iranian heritage with her adolescent need to fit in. At first she stays at a Catholic boardingschool, but when one of the nuns affronts Iranians Marjane makes the uncouth comment that all nuns were once prostitutes. This leads to her moving out into a series of living arrangements as well as a string of boyfriends. When she discovers one of her boyfriends in bed with another woman, Marjane becomes despondent and gets kicked out of her apartment and winds up living on the streets. It would be easy to shrug off Marjane's self-destructive behavior as her being a self-involved teen. It would be easy except that when Marjane wakes up in a hospital from malnutrition she chastises herself for becoming upset over a relationship when her own uncle was subject to incarceration for merely speaking his mind. It's this kind of self-reflection that prevents the film from falling into the kind of narcissism that plagues so many other coming of age stories. After her brush with death Marjane decides to return to Iran where she must confront the intolerance of a government run by a religion.      Like the comic book the animation is deceptively simple. The film is mostly black and white and the characters are drawn with thick lines. Anyone who's read the comic book will wonder whether they fit in most of the original medium. While the filmmakers do a good job at referencing many of Marjane's stories, many of the vignettes are necessarily truncated. However, this is hardly a downfall of the film which utilizes animation to communicate Marjane's tale as succinctly as possible. When she falls in love with a boy, for example, we see her floating above the ground with him, which, for a teenage romance, is just about all the audience needs to know. Each moment of the film is, like the animation, told clearly and simply, but as the film moves forward the moments gather greater strength. It's like the filmmakers are putting down one pebble after anther until, before you know it, they've constructed an entire wall.      The intellectual middle class nature of Marjane's family seems so familiar that I often found myself wondering what I would do if suddenly transplanted in a country where you could be jailed for walking with someone of the opposite sex who wasn't related to you and, worst of all, alcohol was banned. Persepolis is a needed reminder that small minded rulers too often rule over a more enlightened populace (it says something that the same sentence could describe the state of today's America). For all the talk of cultural differences, it should be remembered that certain ideals can be disseminated by dialogue, even if they're unsuccessfully translated through the barrel of a gun.
B005ER6SNM|1.0|This is not one of my normal reviews. Normally, I devote plenty of time and attention to things like cinematography, acting, plot, direction and the overall theme of the story, as well as some of the highlights and lowlights. I'm not going to do that here.<br /><br />Instead, I will describe simply how this movie will make you feel, and the effect it had on me. And let it be known that I've watched some dark movies. I have watched some bleak movies. I have watched controversial movies.<br /><br />This movie digs up every vile, disgusting and bloodcurdling perversion you can imagine AND THEN SOME. Amazon will not allow me to describe most of them, and I feel filthy just by even trying to.<br /><br />It then assaults your screaming brain until you simply curl up on the couch and weep silently into your throw pillows.<br /><br />This movie makes the \\"Saw\\" franchise look like romantic comedies.<br /><br />It made me feel so unclean that I wanted to scrub off my own skin. That didn't help.<br /><br />It made me want to hit myself with a hammer so I wouldn't remember it.<br /><br />It is the most likely film in history to inspire people to stick guns down their throats.<br /><br />If there was a movie that would convince God himself to wipe out the human race in Great Flood 2.0, it would be this one.<br /><br />It sucks away all joy, hope and satisfaction out of the world, leaving a nihilistic void of pain, blood and death from which nothing positive will ever come. And that's just how it is for the people watching it.<br /><br />And in my sole editorial from a purely artistic nature: As far as I can tell, this movie was made entirely to shock and revolt everyone who watched it, just because they COULD. In that regard, it succeeds. I'm sure the people who made it would argue that it had lots of metaphor and subtle layers, but I don't care.<br /><br />So in conclusion, do not watch \\"A Serbian Film\\" unless you are trying to psych yourself up enough to shoot yourself in the head. Or want to come up with an excuse to make war on Serbia. Either way, avoid it like the plague... which would probably make a better movie.ke the plague... which would probably make a better movie.
B004WR125O|5.0|Got this to go with my Tx-8050 and it works brilliantly. I used the wired connection to download the firmware update, then decided I wanted the amp over the other side of the room. Draping an ethernet cable round wouldn't have been much less expensive, and would have been much less easy and sightly. So I invested the $30.     Plugged it into the USB port, chose manual setup, it found my router straight away, put in the PSK2 code and DONE. Signal strength reads about 87% from about 10ft away from the router, and streams Pandora without a hitch.  Only drawback is taking up the only USB port. I'm new to the world of internet hi-fi audio and this rocks my world.
067144901X|4.0|My LO loves all the noises I make when I read this book to her.  Watching her is more fun than reading the but!  Very cute story!
B004YEJGEO|5.0|I got this when it was the free app of the day, and I've spent hours of time playing, with more than half of the levels yet to play.  This game is a perfect example of how engaging a simple concept can be when it's well executed.  It's fun and cognitively challenging, yet surprisingly not frustrating, even when it takes me time to work out the right solution.  Well done!  I would pay $0.99 for this app in a heartbeat!
1451629184|4.0|Jaycee Dugard was taken at a young age, and most people, including me and my family, thought she was dead.  I was born and raised in California, and she went missing when I was very young.  I remember the day she was found, and ironically it was very close to where I grew up.  I remember thinking, wow, she must be a very fragile person.  Amazingly, however, she turned out to be a very resilient person.  She says in her memoir, people always think she did something amazing just by surviving, but she didn't know how else to live.  The story starts out quickly, and within the first few chapters she describes being sexually abused by her captor.  The story crosses between time periods: the present, and her life in the backyard.  Dugard tells of her life in great and shocking detail.. She describes her sexual encounters, meeting Phillip (the man who took her from her family) and meeting his wife, Nancy, who became a friend and an enemy at the same time.  She becomes dependent on them and even more so when she gives birth to her first daughter.  I could not believe this part of the story and how lucky she was to have survived and to have her baby live!  She shows some of her journal entries and says she was punished if she wrote down her name, or Phillip's name, but she felt the need to unload.  I was surprised at the way she wrote, being that she was only given an official education up to middle school, but this fact does not hinder her writing at all.  Sometimes her excitement, near the end of the book especially, is so genuine I would catch myself smiling and giggling at her words.<br /><br />I believe this story is important because it shows her growth as a person over the years, despite her captors continually putting her down and trying to handicap her mentally.  It also shows two very different types of people:  the most evil and cruel, met with the most kind and loving.  Jaycee Dugard's story will stay with me long after I've closed the book, and will continue to both scare me and make me smile..care me and make me smile..
B004I7GR6C|1.0|It's impossible to get immersed in this movie. It doesn't make you squirm, cringe or care about what's going to happen, it just constantly reminds you that you're watching a movie made for no other reason than making the audience ooh and ahh.<br />Any suspense that was intended was squashed by the ridiculous 3d special effects extravaganza and the coloring that looks more like a daytime soap opera than a horror movie.<br /><br />If you loved the other movies so much that you can't resist watching it, find a three dollar copy and make sure you rid yourself of any expectations before you press play.<br />Or just read the synopsis and use your imagination. I think this was Jigsaw's test for the viewers actually. See if you could resist the temptation to waste money...
B0038Q3UKA|5.0|This is a real bargain in anyone's terms:  10 CDs of sublime music in a box set, played by one of the world's greatest pianists of our time. However a bargain is \\"not worth a can of beans\\" if it does not deliver what you want. In musical terms for me, this means reaching & moving me in a way in which the composer intended. As I grow older, my lifetime love of classical music is enriched with performances which reveal, in a way I have not experienced before, new insights into the composer's musical soul.  Radu Lupu does this for me;  his interpretation of Schubert's piano music in particular reveals to me, primarily, a melodic Schubert, but also with the composer's innermost secrets clearly conveyed to the listener, full of drama, sensitivity, and beauty.    I am not a musicologist, merely a classical music lover, so I am not in a position to be analytical. I can only say Lupu's phrasing, pacing & expression bring an entirely new Schubert forth. Listen in particular to his playing of the Piano Sonata No.13 in A Major D664 for inner beauty and a feeling that this is exactly as Schubert intended it to be played. All the Schubert Piano Sonatas have Lupu's unique signature on them, but I don't think it is anything other than what Schubert intended. For Piano Sonata No.21 D960 there is only one other interpretation that I prefer; it is the Oleg Marshev recording on the Danacord label. He conveys the emotions of a dying Schubert like no other.    Schubert is not the only composer featured on this set. There is a wealth of Beethoven, Brahms, and Schumann, all played with Radu Lupus' unique attention to the composer's music rather than his own. I have concentrated on Schubert, as that is my passion at the moment! And I must add while on the subject, the playing of both the op.90 and op.140 Impromptus are a delight. I am an unashamed devotee of Murray Perahia when it comes to these pieces, but I now equally enjoy Radu Lupu's interpretation.    This is a complete collecion ofRadu Lupu's solo piano recordings, plus the Beethoven Piano Concerto No.3, all recorded exclusively for Decca between 1971 and 1993.  If, like me, you have missed out on Radu Lupu while collecting CDs, you have a real treat in store. I think this would be the one recording I would take to my desert island!
B003Q6D2BE|5.0|The movie arrived quickly and just as described. This was a very smooth transaction. There were no problems at all. Thanks
B004SRWW0C|5.0|This is certainly the gold standard for an effective app.  The UI is not beautiful, but it is not clunky and cluttered either.<br /><br />If the dev was aiming for an uber-functional and flawless app that simply does what it should and does it perfectly, he hit his mark.
B002VKE1K2|1.0|This movie was boring. Not much activity and it wasn't as scary as everyone thinks. If you grew up on horror since five years old, you would understand. The suspence sucked and it was really boring. It's about a couple who move into a house anyways it's a camera following them around. You can't see the thing that attacks them at night. Supposibly its a demand but it just plain boring. I got the movie from Amazon.
B005HSL626|2.0|Dumb. You chop fruit ... over and over and over. I prefer using a bit of my brain when I'm playing games.
B001ILFUD2|5.0|Oliver and Company is a very cute movie for kids. It is about a cat who has to find his way in New York City and he meets some dogs which help him find a home. It is a movie about friendship and how it really works in the end. I got this at Amazon it plays fine in my Playstation 2 which doesn't like certain dvds. It will play all the movies so far I got from Amazon.
B004HO6I4M|5.0|It is a very good family feature. It is even enjoyable for grownups. Just don't miss this experience.   It is not the most original movie, or even a classic, but it is good viewing.
B004X2M7MK|5.0|Like everyone else, this show is the best! It's convoluted episodes keep your mind reeling, which is a good thing.
0884271536|5.0|This is a great book!  Every page is filled with the author's amazing insight and wisdom. Not a book to be missed!
B001FB4W0C|5.0|Nobody does it better then the Winchester boys and the fourth season is no exception!  Don't hesitate to get this set before somebody else gets all of the fun and action!  Angels dare not tread where the boys have been...Just get in the car and ride the road to adventure!!!
B0052U59F4|5.0|I was really sucked into this book, and I didn't do anything on my to do list so I could figure out what happened.  And when I didn't finish the book last night--I woke up early and finished it before work.  I was hooked.      I'm not really sure why it's being compared to Twilight, it's a really erotic book with bdsm and totally not appropriate for teens.      My 5 star rating is based on other books in the erotic/romantic/bdsm realm that I've read.  And in that context it was awesome.  So many books feel like they are being narrated by a kid who saw a bad porno.  This felt much more organic and was a really hot read, without being cheesy or really dirty.  I just don't think that happens often enough.  So if you're sick of paying for overpriced sleazy erotic novellas, this is a no brainer.
0553801473|5.0|This book is a lot better than book 4 which was clearly disappointing. Dialogues are excellent. This book is comparable to the 3 first ones. It is a must read for the genre lovers.
6304711905|5.0|Awesome movie. Never wanted it to end. Movie came quickly and in like new condition. Will look forward to doing busines with you again. Thank you
B002N5N5QQ|1.0|The 2nd disc was unwatchable. A flat out lie that the discs were in good condition.  I got completely robbed.
0064440346|5.0|My 5 year old daughter can't stop laughing at this Owl, lovely book...  The favorite chapter is the one that owl tries to be in two places at once...
B005CMGKTG|4.0|I am from Mexico and I remember watching this japanese anime when I was 7 and I was thrilled when I found out there was actually a movie about it. I am not sure if it was the nostalgia from when I was a little child or the awesome visual effects that made me really love this movie. I do believe (for those who watched the original series) that 2 hours is too litle time to tell the whole story and at moments everything seemed really clustered and forced to fit within the time given to the film. Yet if you are a yamato fan you will just love it!
B0055EDBIE|5.0|With this release Lenny Kravitz finds himself consummating the musical direction he began with his [[ASIN:B000006048 5]] but for some reason backed away from. As with myself Lenny is the product of a biracial family. And he likely faced some of the cultural ambiguities that I often had to contend with. Especially on the creative end. He spent much of his career on the path to being the modern equivalent of a Jimi Hendrix or Vernon Reid-using rock guitar and the rock 'n roll style as his main choice of expression. On this album all of that is beginning to change. Recorded in the Bahamas with the environment having it's own type of effect on the music this is also his debut for the Roadrunner label. It's a branch of Atlantic-former home of famous soul icons Aretha Franklin,Ray Charles...the list goes on. So it's only fitting,with the idea of the classic Atlantic soul style still felt today that this would be the album where Lenny would officially find the funk in all it's fruitful forms.<br /><br />  This album begins with a serious punch on the title song,an autobiographic number fully exploring the pumping sophistifunk/dance style of the mid/late 70's,celebrating his biracial heritage and how the modern age is far more accommodating to that despite the socio political racial tensions bought home in today's world. On \\"Come And Get It\\",\\"Superlove\\" and the JB sendup \\"Life Ain't Ever Better Than It Is Now\\" he extends the funk into his sound more than he has on any other album. And he isn't finished exploring this melodic groove after that either. On the pulsing \\"Liquid Jesus\\" where Lenny brings his falsetto back out and,the acid jazz ARP synth laden \\"Looking Back On Love\\" and the \\"boogie\\" style of \\"Sunflower\\" he's fully acknowledging the 1980's method of funk. It doesn't end there. \\"Boogie Drop\\" featuring Drake explores a very unique direction in funk-finding Lenny being a pioneer for once in mixing modern electro revival with strong West Indian rhythms and hip-hop touches.<br /><br />  One of the best part of this album is on \\"Rock Star City Life\\",\\"In The Black\\",\\"Everything\\",\\"The Faith Of A Child\\" and \\"Push\\" it's clear the influence of 80's new wave,itself heavily derived from funk and disco is having a very positive effect on these rockier songs. The noisy guitars are pushed to the backround as rhythm becomes the center of attention. On the hit \\"Stand\\" he's come to the ultimate hybrid of Sly Stone,Prince and OutKast's Andre 3000 in terms of delivering rock n roll influenced funk with a highly melodic nature. So for the first time I've heard Lenny delivers an album of sixteen songs where not one tune disappoints. From the wonderfully relevant cover artwork to the wonderfully way he's embraced the production medium of the jazz,funk and danceable hip-hop he's now bought into his orbit this finds Lenny at long last becoming himself as a musical entity. More over the fact that he's broadened his message to showcase how his conscious bohemian outlook can benefit the current generational cycle. If this is to be the path he's going to chose to develop in terms of funk,rock and/or the other in the future,he's definitely going in the right direction.Indian rhythms and hip-hop touches.                           One of the best part of this album is on \\"Rock Star City Life\\",\\"In The Black\\",\\"Everything\\",\\"The Faith Of A Child\\" and \\"Push\\" it's clear the influence of 80's new wave,itself heavily derived from funk and disco is having a very positive effect on these rockier songs. The noisy guitars are pushed to the backround as rhythm becomes the center of attention. On the hit \\"Stand\\" he's come to the ultimate hybrid of Sly Stone,Prince and OutKast's Andre 3000 in terms of delivering rock n roll influenced funk with a highly melodic nature. So for the first time I've heard Lenny delivers an album of sixteen songs where not one tune disappoints. From the wonderfully relevant cover artwork to the wonderfully way he's embraced the production medium of the jazz,funk and danceable hip-hop he's now bought into his orbit this finds Lenny at long last becoming himself as a musical entity. More over the fact that he's broadened his message to showcase how his conscious bohemian outlook can benefit the current generational cycle. If this is to be the path he's going to chose to develop in terms of funk,rock and/or the other in the future,he's definitely going in the right direction.
B003O86CJS|1.0|I don't really have enough words for how horrific this cd is. The clean version does not make it better. This cd makes 13 year old girls want to become prostitutes. With that incredible voice is this really all Katy Perry has to offer?
B0043RSJ8G|5.0|In so many ways I could relate to almost all of the characters in this book. It really got me feeling like I knew them & wanted to read slowly so the book would last. But, of course I could hardly put it down & flew right through it. Enjoyed every minute!
B005B19UPE|5.0|An excellent thought provoking story. I could not put this book down, it was well written and kept my attention throughout. I had never heard of the events in this story and it made me cry many times.
B004SDSSFY|3.0|It would be nice for such a simple application to be on amazon app of the day for once. simple functional a little overpriced but could still be used by the masses just food for thought hopefully will see it someday soon.
B003YL4LYI|2.0|What a disappointment.  Went round and round wth out getting anywhere.  Not going to drag out my disappointment in a review Im too exausted from the book and glad Im done with it.
B001P06GX4|5.0|I like this game quite a bit. Before having kids, my wife and I played it quite a few times but it was never on the top ten. It has still not cracke dthe top ten, but playing it with my 5 year old is great. You can totally see the gears turning. I fully believe that this game is helping her better understand spatial concepts.
B004EPZ08O|3.0|When Final Destination 4 (also called The Final Destination, FD 3D) came out in 2009 it was intended to close the series. Then this third sequel did good at the box office and an idea for a fifth entry in the franchise  I felt that Final Destination 4 relied perhaps a little too much on the 3D effects. While 5 is still in 3D it has a better story and is on the predictable side it's still an overall better film than the fourth. The story this time goes as follows: Sam Lawton is on a bus on his way to a company retreat and while on a bridge he has a vision that the bridge they're driving on is going to collapse and he, his friends and co-workers are going to die. He manages to save his friends and it leaves everyone confused. They were supposed to die on that bridge and now death has come to get them one by one as you could expect from the series previous films.<br /><br />The Final Destination films have really mastered the art of making viewers think what happens is predictable, causing them to a except a certain death and then the poor victim dies in a completely different (and often stupid) way.  For example you think this guy is going to die burned because that's what the movies tells you to think and then he dies differently. Some of the deaths are ridiculous and over the top, funny and dumb but they are creative and different from previous FD films. I liked how during the credits they show deaths from the other FD movies it was a cool way to close the movie.<br /><br />Final Destination 5 was filmed entirely in 3D and the result is fantastic visuals and I say that not being a fan of 3D movies. The effects are better than last time and they still manage to obtain the disgusting/gross feel they were so obviously aiming for. The bridge scene early in the film was fantastic from a visual standpoint, a highlight for sure. The death scenes were satisfying. As a nice addition Tony Todd reprises the role of mortician William Bludworth he played in the first two Final Destination movies. Todd said that if Final Destination 5 did well at the box office it was possible that movies 6 and 7 would follow.<br /><br />The Final Destination movies are described as being aimed at teenagers and I can't really argue with that. I don't think there is anything wrong, the FD films have always seemed to be made for teenagers more than any other group (and not the horror buff), they're just good fun. I thought they really exploited the 3D tactic in the last movie and it turned out to be a successful movie but this one makes better use of it and it's not all about 3D this time around. Not the best Final Destination but still an entertaining one and much better than the fourth in my opinion. At this point you know if you either like or hate the Destinations, if you're a fan of the series this one is a good addition but those movies have quite frankly become a bit predictable. 3/5 *.s. Todd said that if Final Destination 5 did well at the box office it was possible that movies 6 and 7 would follow.     The Final Destination movies are described as being aimed at teenagers and I can't really argue with that. I don't think there is anything wrong, the FD films have always seemed to be made for teenagers more than any other group (and not the horror buff), they're just good fun. I thought they really exploited the 3D tactic in the last movie and it turned out to be a successful movie but this one makes better use of it and it's not all about 3D this time around. Not the best Final Destination but still an entertaining one and much better than the fourth in my opinion. At this point you know if you either like or hate the Destinations, if you're a fan of the series this one is a good addition but those movies have quite frankly become a bit predictable. 3/5 *.
B005CAATXG|5.0|Just received my the album today, thank you amazon prime! The album Scripted is amazing! it definitely remind me of a little bit of Paramore mix with Flyleaf. But still a great album, get the album now! and help support this awesome band :)
0802473156|5.0|Who knew??? Wonderful book to read and understand. There are so many different languages a person can speak if we just took the time to listen and understand. Worth reading and sharing.
0061122416|3.0|My daughter had to read this book for high school English because it so accurately follows the archetypal Hero's Journey.<br /><br />Do not come to this book expecting character development or exposition.  This story is a parable, in the same vein as The Little Prince or Jonathan Livingston Seagull.  Coelho uses the adventures of Santiago, the simple Andalusian shepherd boy, to teach universal lessons about following your heart, communicating with \\"the Soul of the World,\\" and realizing your \\"personal legend.\\"<br /><br />You might find yourself smiling at some of the mumbo jumbo, which sounds like it came directly from the 70's TV show Kung Fu:  \\"All you have to do is contemplate a simple grain of sand, and you will see in it all the marvels of creation.\\"<br /><br />You'll also find some \\"Oprah-esque\\" philosophies:  \\"When a person really desires something, all the universe conspires to help that person realize his dream.\\"  (In fact, O Magazine recommends the graphic novel version of The Alchemist as a coffee table book.)<br /><br />But even though I found myself rolling my eyes at points, I also felt inspired to examine a few unrealized dreams of my own, and the fears that might be preventing me from trying something new.  So 3 stars - scant entertainment, but some questions to consider, and some bonus quotes for those office \\"Inspiration\\" posters.
B002NEFL8W|2.0|I should say that delivery speed was really good but unfortunately grip quality wasn't what I expected.Its made in Taiwan and release button works not so good. At first I was really disappointed....
B004FEJ3VY|5.0|yes dotm toys are much easy to transform now very nice toy i love it!!!! must have for transformer fansss!!!! Easy to transform than the movie 1 transformers realy not a headache to do :)
0439023521|5.0|It is on a very rare occasion that I run into a book that grabs me so completely and doesn't let go until I am done with the whole book or series but The Hunger Games trilogy by Suzanne Collins did just that!  I was so drawn into this story, I stayed up practically the whole night listening to it, even after dinner was over.  =o)  The next day, I went in bleary-eyed to work, with my iPod attached to my ear all day and was listening to, you guessed it, the same audiobook.  I stayed like that everyday and night until I had the whole trilogy done.<br /><br />It was amazing.  I laughed, I cried, and I whooped when the characters succeeded.  The ending was so good - heartbreaking but happy.  I loved the whole story.  Good job, Suzanne!  I will definitely be reading more of your books in the future!<br /><br />~ Melissa, Melissa Douthit's Blog, [...]
B001KOFH2G|5.0|The Blu-Ray DVD is an awesome production with stunning visuals and theater-rich sound.  The Serenity movie jumps the series storyline forward in time to provide room, literally, for character development.  A well made movie, perhaps with some plot problems regarding Miranda and the Reavers.  There is also a visual tip of the hat to a famous Star Wars fight scene between Luke and Darth Vadar, but still a fun ride and a treat to any fan of the series.
0547258305|5.0|This story is a fantasy set in a world where there are seven kingdoms.  Katsa, the heroine of the story, lives in the midlands, as the niece of the king who reigns there.  Katsa is a graceling, a person endowed with a special grace or talent from birth, the mark of which is manifested in development of different eye colors.  In Katsa's case, she has one eye blue and one eye green and her special gift is that of fighting.  She lives under the tyrannical rule of her uncle who requires her to be his thug whenever he has to deal with people he sees in his kingdom as lawbreakers.  Under the radar, Katsa, her cousin Raffin, and two fighting men named Oll and Gidden create what is called the Council, a special human rights group that goes on secret missions to help people in need.<br /><br />The story starts off where Katsa, Oll, and Gidden are saving the captive Prince Tealiff, an elderly Lienid prince, from a neighboring kingdom's dungeon.  In the process of breaking him free, Katsa runs into Prince Greening, later on known as Po, who is also a Lienid prince and a graceling in his own right with one eye silver and one eye gold, looking for his grandfather, Prince Tealiff.  He gets in her way and she knocks him unconscious, continuing on her mission.  Later on, Po shows up at her uncle's court and this is where the story starts to pick up.  From there, we see what her journey is going to be throughout the rest of the book.<br /><br />So.  Was it obvious that Katsa and Po would end up as romantic partners?  Yes.  Did I care?  No.  I loved everything about their story.  I love how their relationship progresses from being vicious fighters who train together to being tender lovers, each willing to risk her/his life for the other.  At first, I have to say that I didn't really like Katsa because I thought she was too hard, too tough, and too mean to everyone but as the story progressed and she got to know Po, I saw that she began to know herself as well.  I realized that her temperament had everything to do with the way she grew up and was treated by her uncle - as a brute and a thug.  This realization comes out when she is talking to Po and he shows her a different side of herself.  He shows her that she is not a monster and from this new knowledge, she changes.  I loved seeing these changes in her throughout the story because of his friendship.  Their dynamic as a couple was sweet.<br /><br />The ending was bittersweet.  I won't give it all away but they end up traveling to Monsea, in search of an answer about the kidnapping of Po's grandfather and discover disturbing information about King Leck.  Their mission then goes from an information search mission to one of survival and in the process, they all lose something dear to them.  I loved this story so much, I bought Fire by Kristin Cashore because I noticed that it was a prequel to Graceling and I thought maybe I would read about another Katsa and Po.  Boy, was I wrong!  Still loved it though ... review to come ...<br /><br />As for Graceling, I give this story five stars because I couldn't put it down.  When I finish a book, then I know it will get five stars because anything less would result in me not finishing the book and not reviewing it at all.  I am an all or nothing reviewer and I rarely give any rating between zero or five.  I know, it's weird.  But there it is.<br /><br />Happy reading!<br /><br />~ Melissa, Melissa Douthit's Blog, [...]erything to do with the way she grew up and was treated by her uncle - as a brute and a thug.  This realization comes out when she is talking to Po and he shows her a different side of herself.  He shows her that she is not a monster and from this new knowledge, she changes.  I loved seeing these changes in her throughout the story because of his friendship.  Their dynamic as a couple was sweet.    The ending was bittersweet.  I won't give it all away but they end up traveling to Monsea, in search of an answer about the kidnapping of Po's grandfather and discover disturbing information about King Leck.  Their mission then goes from an information search mission to one of survival and in the process, they all lose something dear to them.  I loved this story so much, I bought Fire by Kristin Cashore because I noticed that it was a prequel to Graceling and I thought maybe I would read about another Katsa and Po.  Boy, was I wrong!  Still loved it though ... review to come ...    As for Graceling, I give this story five stars because I couldn't put it down.  When I finish a book, then I know it will get five stars because anything less would result in me not finishing the book and not reviewing it at all.  I am an all or nothing reviewer and I rarely give any rating between zero or five.  I know, it's weird.  But there it is.    Happy reading!    ~ Melissa, Melissa Douthit's Blog, [...]
1556438850|3.0|Basic foundation that would be new information for anyone not attending a yoga certification program. Had I not already been familiar with most of the information I would have found it full of useful information regarding sequencing, history of yoga, props, etc.
B004UXUUDA|5.0|There are two reasons why Sarah's Key is one of the best films I've seen in the last 20 years. First is the wonderful combination of direction/screenwriting. The director clearly understood his material and the screenplay is nothing short of brilliant. As we were leaving the theater, I said to my girlfriend, \\"This is the best use of flashbacks I've ever seen.\\" I was alluding to the seamless interaction between the two plots, the World War II story and the contemporary one. By the end of the film, they are one story.<br /><br />The war story is that of a Jewish family sent to the camps by the French - not the Germans. A little girl locks her younger brother in the closet to save him from being deported with the rest of the family. (The \\"Key\\" is the key that opens the closet.) The result is a tragedy from which she never recovers. The modern tale of a couple whose lives become strangely connected to the deported Jewish family allows us to revisit the Holocaust from a fresh perspective. Personally, I found it compelling.<br /><br />What really fascinates me here is that the reviewer in the unimpeachable New York Times wrote this: \\"Sarah's Key is undone by its very premise: that the two stories it tells can coexist in the same film.\\" Is it possible that this reviewer and I saw two different films? If I were the publisher of the Times and saw that review in my paper, I would waste little time in finding a new reviewer. (I am available.) For me, what the Times reviewer saw as the film's fatal flaw is its most admirable quality. As it shifts from one plot to the other and back again, Sarah's Key is nothing short of captivating. The bottom line is that I was never bored, not for a moment. At one point, I found myself not just crying but weeping uncontrollably. However, I did not come away from Sarah's Key in a mood of depression. Quite the contrary, the film communicated to me that no matter how horrific things get, the life force goes on. The message is ultimately uplifting.<br /><br />The other quality of Sarah's Key that impressed me was the acting, from the top down to the smallest role (the soldier who helps two prisoners escape). The child actor who plays Sarah is simply astounding. But it was Kristin Scott Thomas who really knocked my socks off. This is an actress whom I actively disliked in The English Patient and Four Weddings and a Funeral. After seeing this film, I confess that I must have blamed her for the flaws of the characters she played in those films instead of recognizing the quality of her craft. In Sarah's Key, she turns in one of the finest performances by an actress in recent memory. The intelligence and subtlety of her work is an inspiration to me as an actor (I am a member of Screen Actors Guild). This film should be seen just for her work alone.quality of Sarah's Key that impressed me was the acting, from the top down to the smallest role (the soldier who helps two prisoners escape). The child actor who plays Sarah is simply astounding. But it was Kristin Scott Thomas who really knocked my socks off. This is an actress whom I actively disliked in The English Patient and Four Weddings and a Funeral. After seeing this film, I confess that I must have blamed her for the flaws of the characters she played in those films instead of recognizing the quality of her craft. In Sarah's Key, she turns in one of the finest performances by an actress in recent memory. The intelligence and subtlety of her work is an inspiration to me as an actor (I am a member of Screen Actors Guild). This film should be seen just for her work alone.
B004J4WN0I|5.0|I like Druids and the blurb about this book on Amazon made it seem light-hearted, so I decided to give it a chance.<br /><br />It is very light-hearted, which is a nice change from the frequently angst-filled urban fantasy genre. (Not to say all UF is angst-y, but it happens in a lot of the books I've read.) The dog really steals the show, and acts as a comic foil to Atticus. The plot twists just kept coming, but not to the extent that I got sick of them.<br /><br />It does help to have a working knowledge of Celtic mythology, or be willing to do a little research while reading. (Easier to work out who all the deities are.)
0307275639|5.0|Exactly what they said it was!  Extremely pleased with the short time it took to receive item.  Would definitely purchase from them again!
B000002HMH|4.0|I love this cd but it came to me damaged.  The music stops at the same place everytime I play it on one song. Disappointed and haven't had time to do anything about it.
B001OQCV6A|5.0|Even though I thought I lost my original copy,I still like this movie. I'll give my girlfriend one of them.
B000002IST|4.0|This Album seems to be the Genesis \\"Invisible Touch\\" Album brother!  Especially when it comes to instrumentation, tonal, and style!
B005JE7WKI|3.0|Just to put it out there: this is much more comedy than horror. The two main actors are absolutely great, and I would love to see these guys take the roll of Two Funny Dudes that Nick Frost and Simon Pegg chose to drop. When the movie is focused on Tucker and Dale, it shines. It's homages to some of the classic horror flicks will leave you rolling, but the rest of the film is horribly, horribly generic and cliche PG-13 summerfest. If you are looking for a genuinely good horror comedy, please spend your money on the much more deserving [[ASIN:B000U6YJME Murder Party]]. A full review at MediaMongrel.net.
B0018RWD1S|5.0|My CD came within a week of ordering it.  Very fast service and the quality of the CD was just as described.  Thank you!
193413712X|3.0|Telling the story of an old man's dying memories including the hard life of his own father, a tinker in New England, \\"Tinkers\\" is never going to be a barrel of laughs. Instead first time novelist Paul Harding has produced in his Pulitzer Prize winning novel is an unashamedly literary piece of creative writing that sadly, for me, simply doesn't come together. True, there are some beautiful passages but only occasionally did the story itself grip and my over-riding impression was one of style over substance. It came over as a collection of very strong creative passages but the sum of the parts was less than satisfying.     Yes, it's clever in places, beautiful in others and there's no denying the skill of the writer in this short novel, but it simply didn't come over as a creative whole for me and some passages were just plain dull. The old man, George, has spent some of his time mending clocks and the time metaphor is simply too obvious and laboured to add to the tale and the choice to intersperse the story with passages from a, presumably fictitious, 1783 book on horology added nothing for me and there's an additional strange insertion about birds nests to boot. It's as if a collection of creative writing exercises are lumped together in only a loose way.     It hints at brilliance but, for me at least, misses the mark and I found it a frustrating read. What saves it slightly is the sometimes beautiful use of language. Perhaps it all went over my head a bit, but I found it both confusing and dull at times interspersed with moments where I was engrossed in it. It's not a book I'd rush to recommend.
0446547603|5.0|Nicholas Sparks never disappoints. Couldn't put it down and didn't want it to end. Have read all his books and enjoyed every one of them. If you are a Sparks fan, as I am, this is a must read.
0062060554|5.0|Rather ironically, \\"Before I Go To Sleep\\" is not a book that you will forget in a hurry. Imagine waking up every morning with no memory of who you are, where you are, or who the person lying next to you in bed is. You can remember things during the day, but once you go to sleep, your mind is effectively wiped clean. This is the slightly unusual form of amnesia that the narrator, Christine suffers from in Watson's first novel that is a daring and gripping literary thriller.     The subject of amnesia is certainly not new to authors, but to place the narrator as the sufferer presents the writer with significant challenges. Watson overcomes this by having a doctor encourage Christine to write a journal and this takes up the majority of the book, sandwiched between an opening of the sense of confusion that Christine wakes to every day and an albeit rather melodramatic ending. It's a clever device and by and large this works well, although it is certainly helpful if you are able to suspend a little disbelief here and there and not take things overly realistically. I'll come onto that in a bit.     Once Christine starts to journal her days, she is able to pick up threads of her situation. However, the stories that she's told from her husband, Ben, about the past and what she is told by her doctor, about whom Ben is blissfully unaware as he is of the existence of the journal itself, start to reveal inconsistencies and holes. Can she trust Ben? Is he telling her everything and if not, is it to protect her or his own feelings? Certainly Christine's take on things isn't helped by the fact that at the outset we learn that the journal has \\"Don't trust Ben\\" written just under her own name. But who else can she trust? The doctor?     There are one or two devices around which the plot turns which seem a bit blatant at the time. Ben has given her a mobile phone to use, and the doctor gives her another. Why? Well it will come in handy later in the plot twist of course. However, themain thing I had to have a quiet word with myself about was the disbelief that Christine would have been quite so verbose in her journaling. She's supposed to be doing this on the quiet and needs to re-cap each day, but in order to ensure that the writing quality is high throughout, she covers rather more than I would expect in the situation. By the end, it would take her the best part of a morning just to read the information which seems a little unrealistic. Yes, the details are important, but descriptions of the quality of the light coming through the window are perhaps not the most pressing of issues when you are trying to piece together the lost 20 years of your life. So, there are some questionable issues of logic here, but that doesn't really get in the way of what is a gripping story. It also makes it a far more readable story.     Is the ending all a bit melodramatic and rushed? Perhaps - it's a bit like an adult version of Scooby Doo at times when the truth is revealed about who the villains of the piece are - but this is forgivable for such a thrilling story and while you might guess some of the twists, I'd be surprised and impressed if you guess where it's going until the very last few pages.     Yes, it has it's faults but none of them stopped me from thoroughly enjoying the story and I'd recommend it without hesitation.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|best app ever! so much easier to send txt/write emails! cant be any easier. works perfect on my droid 2. just love it.
B004P9FAL6|3.0|I have always purchased all the ultimate editions. It was advertised as having the most deleted scenes added. But with every addition, it includes less. Which is very disappointing. But I keep buying because of the cards, the background footage that is included on the disks. Even though throughout the series they repeat some of the same footage. It's a good product if you want more detailed information. But I have a feeling they will be coming out with the ultimate ultimate edition that will include all they advertised with this series.
B002X20W2E|5.0|I like this album better than Loud. Its her most creative album by far and her vocals have improved from GGGB.
0684857219|5.0|This book is awesome. Arnold was a very smart guy when it comes to building muscle. He had his body figured out so well that he could lose or gain 40 or 50 lbs. in a matter of weeks and it would not be fat either. If you do what he says you have no choice but to gain muscle. I am doing his beginning exercise and it is tough. I can not imagine doing his last exercise plan.  There is nothing he does not go over in this book about gaining muscle. Some chapters like posing at competitions will never interest me. Others like how the muscles build and break down are very interesting. He even breaks down each muscle group and explains how to get what you want out of it. He goes thru and explains how some people's muscles are different and how you need to determine which yours are and how to work around that. I have never found a book that has so much information about your body and how it works.
0316098329|5.0|This story was so spellbinding I felt as though I was with the characters. Parts were so pathetic but so real, others so funny and again...so real. I laughed, I cried, I sighed, I whimpered and I shook with fear. It brought out just about every emotion known to man kind!  Great Job!
B0058A119G|5.0|After all these years of being a devoted fan of Barbra I thought it wouldn't get any better.  It has.  This new collection of Bergman songs is just wonderful.  I can't think of a better way to spend a cozy evening then with this CD and a glass of wine. Kudo's to you Miss Streisand.  You are indeed, a national treasure.
B004US4K2C|4.0|Test devices:<br />Samsung Epic, Android 2.2 official<br />Viewsonic gTablet, Calkulin+Clemsyn 1.5ghz Froyo Combo V6<br /><br />After using stock, Launcher Pro, ADW Launcher, and several others, I've been hanging onto GO Launcher EX for a good long while.  I love the level of customization it offers, the performance, and the loads of themes available for it.  Besides themes, the GO Dev team created lots of other add-ins like notifications, weather widgets, and the like.  It simply keeps on getting better.
B00003CXB4|1.0|I gave my 3 yr old cousin this DVD for christmas of 2009, the DVD DID NOT WORK at all... i had my other cousin (his mom) test it in both DVD players in the house and it didnt work on either one... i know its a little late to post this but i didnt know I could do it until now.
B0040IAZVW|5.0|Wow, wow, wow. David Garrett really plays a mean violin. This is the most beautiful and pure violin music I have ever heard. He definitely has a passion for playing music with depth and each note holds its own validation. I listen to his music while I am riding around in the car shopping and it puts me in a different world. Love it, love it, love it. If you have never watched him play in concert, catch him on TBS or watch a sample view of his DVD on the internet.
B00009XNS9|5.0|Overall good product. Strong body and movement. One of the little complain is trailer has no lock system so often it overlaps bus by money value very very good and satisfied product.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Very fun and surprisingly long game. Works perfectly on droid 3. Occasionally the music hiccups but game continues to play smoothly.
B004SIP7AS|3.0|My feelin is that this particular video is not the best quality, although I find the story charming and the cast wonderful
B0032UYFA6|5.0|Breaking bad has kept me addicted to the show since the start. The characters, story, and plot is pretty interesting plus who wouldn't want to see the dad from Malcom In The Middle cook meth and show a darkside.
B002UZ5CHO|5.0|This Documentary is a must see for anyone that is interested in what they eat and are trying to be heathy. It is also very well made and keeps your attention.
B0050PYNO4|2.0|I am not a Bible thumper holier than thou kinda guy, but this movie was not funny. I never did laugh out loud or even smile at this movie. I enjoyed all the other movies with these two actors in, but this was just plain bad writing. I am glad I just rented it. If you are curious I would suggest renting before buying. The whole religion bashing added into the middle of this movie does not add anything to the film. I think they put it in there just for the little bit of talk time/interest it would provide. There whole argument against religion is basically religion = Idiot non religion = smart cartoon alien. No smart funny banter for pros/cons of each belief. The key word in that last sentence being funny. rent this or just skip it there really nothing to it.
0553801473|1.0|I enjoyed the first book of A Song of Ice and Fire when it came out. There were interesting characters, potential for some intriguing plot developments, and Martin's facility with the English language was enjoyable to read.<br /><br />The second book was less enjoyable, but still worth reading. The characters who I liked mostly seemed to be being killed off and the plots seemed to all be about who was currently betraying whom, but it was still well written. The third book was more of the same.<br /><br />I probably wouldn't have even bought A Dance of Dragons at all, except that, for some reason, I thought it was going to be the last book in the series. It apparently isn't for George R. R. Martin, but it is for me. I made it about 1/3 of the way through and have decided it is not worth the time and effort to finish it, and I always finish the books I start! The plots, such as they are, are going nowhere. The characters, even the few who are left that I originally liked, are now no longer people I have any interest in spending time with. Over all, the book seems to be an attempt to write the most gloomy, depressing fantasy tome possible and at that it succeeds.<br /><br />All in all, A Song of Ice and Fire is no longer going to be taking up room on my bookshelves.
B0058OUJA4|5.0|Very well made TD with 3 levels of difficulty for every map.  The maps are not the same boring kinds you see everywhere.  I think it also has a map editor, which I'll try my hand at.
B000U0F7RG|5.0|This box set is fabulous.  We love The Gilmore Girls and this box set is fun to look at and have around.  We haven't watched the extra material yet but we are loving the episodes.
B004SCN2F6|4.0|Download the free version and play for 10 minutes, you will know right away if you are the type of person who likes this sort of game or hates it.  (For me, I have to be in the right mood) This is an excellent example of the genre of free-form open-ended RPG games.  No plot, a million and one different things to do, can go on endlessly, can be very challenging.  Love it or hate it.  I give it 4 stars because it's very well done if you like that sort of thing.
B002I9Z8G2|5.0|Simply put, the picture/sound is breathtaking. For a movie from the mid 90's, it's amazing how good some of the special FX look in HD. The special features of the disc are also not too bad, but with some decent interviews and behind the scenes. As far the the movie, any fan of TNG should watch this film, it's definitely the best of the TNG movies, even if it did hype the borg up a bit compared to the TV show. Over all, well worth the price, and a worthy addition to any collection.
0060574216|5.0|It was a great purchase because it helped my relationship. It shows you how women think and react to us men. Also, how us men react to women. If you are in a relationship definitely get this book!
B004VMVTNU|4.0|This is a great app!  Has a great alarm that gradually gets louder and prevents you from over snoozing.  It even has a timer.  Add a stopwatch function to get 5* and it will be perfect!
B005D0RDIE|5.0|Having seen Rush from Farewell to Kings, Permanent Waves, 2112, Hemispheres through the years (I have seen them 25 times. This tour was the best I have ever seen. The energy level was unreal. (These frickken guys are almost 60!) Wait that makes me 52 (almost) If they had played Moving Pictures \\"only\\" that would have more than \\"worked\\" for me. Its the only tatoo on me. I broke up with a girl I had gone out with for 2 years when she wanted to leave before the encore of the 2112 tour! I told her. \\"You know where I'm parked if you want a ride. LOL! Great MUST HAVE dvd for you collecters and average buyers alike!
B003UESJH4|5.0|Although we had heard about and read excellent reviews on King's Speech and were aware of the outstanding awards won, I wasn't going to buy it.  Finally, changed my mind and am I glad we own this DVD!  Not only is it a bit of history but the acting is superb.  It is very inspirational and a grand example of working around and through limitations and fear.
159514188X|5.0|I defy anyone who reads this book to not be affected deeply by it.  Thirteen Reasons why stayed with me long after I read it, and was actually one of my first forays into the new YA genre.  The writing was sparse and true, and I could hear Hannah's voice just as clearly as if I were Clay listening to the tapes.  I felt every moment of this book.  It was beautiful.
B001NLKWLW|5.0|I found this book to be exceptionally well-written.  The story, while at the beginning, was difficult to follow due to all the time period shifts.  Eventually became as easy to shift back and forth as it was switching from comfy pajamas to well-worn jeans.  I appreciated the nuances of each character.  Each one is develops in the story, and when you discover a gap in that person, a person from another generation fills the hole that you have been wondering about.  I love books that wrap you in their story so that days later you are still thinking about them and recapturing pieces of the story.  This is one of those books.  I read it during Hurricane Irene, pick it up for a rainy day and read to your heart's content.  I know my heart is quite content with the story told within.
B000MXJ7LS|1.0|Why did I just pay to watch a movie that I can't see? Most of the scenes are too dark to view on your computer. What a waste of my money.
0553584537|5.0|This was my first read by Lisa Gardner but I will certainly be back for more.  I like reading books in this genre but recently have been having trouble finding new authors to get into.  I am happy to say that I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  The plot was different and the ending unpredictable.  Throughout the whole book I couldn't decide who the \\"bad guy\\" really was, so it really kept me guessing right until the end.  Overall I would highly recommend giving this book a read, especially if it's your first book by this author.
B005D9MUWY|3.0|Using samsung galaxy s2. Was by far the best keyboard until I upgraded to android 2.3.4 (from samsung). Now the delete key REPEATEDLY enters the word before the cursor as opposed to deleting.  Gets a 5 star rating without this problem.
0060557818|5.0|This fantasy is kind of like throwing a lit match into a pool of gasoline...it ignites quickly !  Fast-paced, sit on the edge of your seat, bite your nails, can't- put- down kind of book.  This is the first book that I'd ever read by Gaiman and I'm sure it won't be the last.  The main character comes to huge realizations by the end of the book that it is ok that he had to go through so much in order to realize what he really wants and who he truly is.  Wonderful trip !
B004VBAHG6|5.0|I have been a Peter Murphy fan going back to Bauhaus and his first solo album, Love Hysteria. I really think this current work, Ninth, shows a great seasoning of his sound and lyrics. Peter Murphy reminds me of a great red wine, the more he matures, the better and the more dimensions and flavors he develops. (I like the new natural look he has, the brownish hair rather than the blonde look on this new CD. Murphy IS GOTH! HURRAY!) I particularly like The Prince and Old Lady Shade, sure to be a Murphy B-side Classic like Marlene Dietrich's Favourite Poem. I am heartened that Murphy is showing all the younger crowd that he's still GOTH it. Love Ya Peter!
B003ZDZ1WG|5.0|This is a spectacular debut, some of the most honest, authentic, even grieving music I've heard in a while. Kimberly Perry even reminds me a little of Patty Loveless, my favorite country singer. The vocals, the lyrics, and the music add up to brilliant young artists. I'm more excited about them than any new artist in a long time.<br /><br />The band walks the tightrope between melodic new country-pop and more traditional country and pull it off. \\"Hip to my Heart\\" is modern, \\"You Lie\\" reminds me of Miranda Lambert, and \\"If I Die Young\\" is unbelievable by artists so young. Kimberly is wailing and aching, yet comfortable in her range. It's the sincerity not the vocal prowess that makes this record. All the same though, I prefer her voice to Taylor Swift or Kellie Pickler.<br /><br />While I relish their innocence, I can't wait for this band to mature as well. Kim will become more polished and add depth, and the brothers will tighten their sound also, maybe add more harmony.  Also, while I can't get enough of the CD, I'll echo one reviewer on the brothers' haircuts. Is this some marketing attempt or do they really think that looking like David  Cassidy during his Partridge family fame looks good?
B004R6JG7G|3.0|After I preordered this blu ray and waited over a month, it finally ships, then I see the price drops 33% the day after it ships out. Pretty shady, or did I just learn an amazon buying lesson the hard way? No more preordering on my part, thanks amazon.
B001MYIXAC|4.0|Why would I rent a vampire film? I hate horror films. I don't 'get off ' on the supernatural. I've never been titillated by the sight of blood. None of my best friends are zombies.<br /><br />But this film comes highly recommended, both the original Swedish production and the American remake. Am I missing something, say I to myself? Is there a metaphysical or psychological depth to the vampire imagery that I ought to probe? Okay, bring it on! Besides, it's in Swedish, my own birth language which I love to hear ...<br /><br />... and it's an eerily beautiful film, I have to admit. A pellucid love story between a twelve-year-old boy and a twelve-eon-old vampirette. In a sense , it's the same story as that of \\"The Makropoulos Affair\\", the dark disturbing modern opera by Leos Janacek, the tale of an immortal woman who has outlived both love and her endless succession of mortal lovers. The boy will be one, a mortally aging lover. He will become the tormented 'father' seen haplessly tapping the red sap of victims for his still twelve-year-old 'child' in some bleak snowy future. It's the vampirette Eli's tragedy that we are, I think, to feel empathy for; she knows how dire a life poor Oskar will have until she rewards him with the final sacrament of death. Hay, it's not a bed of roses, being an undying vampire ...<br /><br />But does it really \\"mean\\" anything? You tell me. If it's just 'entertainment', why all the symbols, all the aura? This is not a 'scary' movie. Not one at which your girlfriend will gasp and snuggle against your shoulder for comfort. It's actually a pretentious art film ... but not uninteresting in its genre. And now I'm tempted to 'waste' another 90 minutes watching the American remake, just for the sake of cultural comparison.<br /><br />****<br />Days later. I did it. I watched the American remake. The comparison of the two is, for me, more interesting than either film by itself. Here's my review of \\"Let Me IN\\":<br /><br />And a bloody weird one, too! And an equally weird 'purpose' in my mind in renting it. A few days ago I rented, watched, and reviewed the Swedish film  Lt den R&auml;tte Komma In (Let the Right One Come In). I gave that film a four-star rating; since it is a much better film, I've given this American 'cover' only three stars. But honestly, the ratings are irrelevant. This is not so much a review here and now, but rather a comparison -- thoughtful, I hope -- of the two versions of film-making.<br /><br />In many ways, the American film simply re-shoots the scenes and re-speaks the script of the Swedish film. But the American film is edited differently; it begins in the middle of the Swedish script and then relies on the good ol' Hollywood flashback tricks. One can't demand Originality in a re-make, logically enough, but it seems to me that the American film discarded much of the Originality of the Swedish film in favor of some Hollywood clich&eacute;s. The American film is radically gorier than the Swedish. More shocking visually, and less lyrical. It's unreservedly a \\"Horror\\" film, with lots of moments when the squeamish or overwrought viewer will instinctively look away. The American vampire exhibits more physically vampirish abilities and traits -- more explicit supernatural powers. There's a key comparison: explicit versus implicit! Or: blatant versus subtle, if you will.<br /><br />The 12-year-old boys are fundamentally different also. The Swedish boy is appealingly vulnerable and potentially \\"redeemable\\" both morally and psychologically. The American boy is a loathesome little peeping-tom degenerate from the start. The viewer will agonize at the Swedish boy's seduction into evil. The same viewer (me, that is) will expect the American boy to succumb all along.<br /><br />Perhaps the most startling difference is in the moral contextualization of the story in the two films. The American film is replete with specifically Christian religious symbols and allusions. The action is set in 1983,for the opportunity that time-frame gives of showing Ronald Reagan addressing the nation, over a TV in the background, on the essentially Christian values of America. When those Christian values are disregarded, Reagan tells us, Evil will reign. The boy's mother, in the American film, is a religious enthusiast; her evangelical 'notions' are a chief cause of her marital collapse, as hinted by the unseen father on the telephone to the boy. There's a prominent picture of Jesus Christ on the wall, in the American film, in one of the nastiest scenes. None of this overt Christian context is present in the Swedish film, where unreleased sexuality is more the catalyst than religious hysteria.<br /><br />So then, is the American film to be understood as an examination of, or assault on, religious frenzy in America? I think it could be taken that way. However, that gets murky very quickly when you remember that a belief in vampires (and other occult phenomena) is profoundly incompatible with Christian theology. A sincere Christian can't possibly accept vampires -- or the emergence of Evil independent of God's Omnipotence -- and therefore the American film explicitly derides Christian certainty as bunk. That's too metaphysically naive and murky for my taste.<br /><br />The Swedish film raises no theological/metaphysical questions. It's completely and coherently a psychological drama, closer in affect to the poetry of Baudelaire than the spooky tales of Stephen King. It's a \\"art\\" film, the Swedish one, a portrayal of psychological victimization and obsession, with a tragic ending. As the boy in the American film departs with his vampire friend, one foresees the serial wickedness the pair will accomplish. As the boy in the Swedish film departs, one sees instead the suffering he will experience as the enabler of an eternally deceptive life/blood sucker.the nation, over a TV in the background, on the essentially Christian values of America. When those Christian values are disregarded, Reagan tells us, Evil will reign. The boy's mother, in the American film, is a religious enthusiast; her evangelical 'notions' are a chief cause of her marital collapse, as hinted by the unseen father on the telephone to the boy. There's a prominent picture of Jesus Christ on the wall, in the American film, in one of the nastiest scenes. None of this overt Christian context is present in the Swedish film, where unreleased sexuality is more the catalyst than religious hysteria.     So then, is the American film to be understood as an examination of, or assault on, religious frenzy in America? I think it could be taken that way. However, that gets murky very quickly when you remember that a belief in vampires (and other occult phenomena) is profoundly incompatible with Christian theology. A sincere Christian can't possibly accept vampires -- or the emergence of Evil independent of God's Omnipotence -- and therefore the American film explicitly derides Christian certainty as bunk. That's too metaphysically naive and murky for my taste.    The Swedish film raises no theological/metaphysical questions. It's completely and coherently a psychological drama, closer in affect to the poetry of Baudelaire than the spooky tales of Stephen King. It's a \\"art\\" film, the Swedish one, a portrayal of psychological victimization and obsession, with a tragic ending. As the boy in the American film departs with his vampire friend, one foresees the serial wickedness the pair will accomplish. As the boy in the Swedish film departs, one sees instead the suffering he will experience as the enabler of an eternally deceptive life/blood sucker.
B0040YR546|4.0|The little girl in this movie must have aged 20 years during its filming.  Language is so gross, it is unintentionally funny at times.  A real gore-fest.
B0058OUJA4|2.0|it's shortcomings really ruins the experience.  there is no time to plan, build, or react on the fly.  you basically win after many trial an error attempts, especially on the harder maps.  Grinding out a solution is not all that fun.  too bad, it seemed like it had a lot of potential.
B005HWAOCA|5.0|Why not have released this on Blu Ray when it was originally released?  Kinda sucks for people who already bought this. If not I highly recommend picking this up on blu ray format....fantastic show.
B00417HV14|5.0|I had heard a couuple of MP3.s by Joe Bonamassa, read a few articles, and was aware that he was voted the 2008 World's Best Blues Guitarist.  This Blu-Ray will not disappoint.  The sound is impeccable, Joe is on fire, he battles it out with Clapton on axes, all in front of 4,500 appreciative fans at the Royal Albert Hall.  I love this DVD.
0439023491|5.0|Came the NEXT DAY in PERFECT condition. Excellent Buy. No scratches, torn or bent pages. Will buy from again in the future
B005D9MUWY|4.0|I do like this keyboard better than the stock android keyboard for my Motorola Triumph. It seems to be a little bit larger, more accurate and smoother in operation. My only problem with it is that sometimes it will auto correct when I don't want it to. Then again, that may be my problem for not selecting the word as I type from the choices above the keyboard.  All in all, it's a good keyboard/input method for those that want something over the stock android keyboard.
B0036EH3XE|3.0|The ending of \\"Lost\\" was stupid, but you really need to see it in order to allow the characters to \\"rest\\" instead of constantly worrying about where they are and if they are OK. Of course, the scenery is gorgeous, and the photography is worth the watch always. Many of your favorite characters reappear, so watch it and put it behind you.
0674057929|5.0|I can't add much to what has already been said in other review, but I can add this - this is a book well worth buying.  I started reading \\"The Picture of Dorian Gray\\" in the form of the book that was issued by the Folio Society - this is the standard text of the book.  Halfway into the book I ordered the annotated , uncensored version and started reading that version.  I am planning on going back to the beginning of the uncensored version.  The uncensored version is much richer.  The other reviews have made very good points concerning this book - I can't improve upon them, but I can simply say that this is a version of the book that is well worth buying if you appreciate Oscar Wilde and The Picture of Dorian Gray. I am glad that  I bought it!
B003WO4UIE|3.0|Bryan Adams had a spectacular run of mainstream rock hits through the 80's and 90's, including a Grammy for the mega-hit \\"Everything I Do, I Do it For You.\\" He had a knack for hooky guitar rock with writing partner Jim Vallance, which resulted not only in his own stardom, but smashes for others (Tina Turner, Loverboy, etc). His three solo number ones are here, the collaborative number one (\\"All for Love\\" with Sting and Rod Stewart) is not. With a dozen songs, it's a good overview of Adam's working-man's rock.<br /><br />Only one other top ten single is missing (\\"Heat of The Night,\\" #6). Non-top tenners are included, \\"Somebody,\\" #9, \\"Cuts Like a Knife,\\" #15, \\"The Only Thing That Looks Good On Me Is You,\\" #52, and there's \\"Cloud 9,\\" and a movie song \\"Here I Am\\" from the animated feature \\"Cimmaron,\\" neither of which hit the top 100. So \\"Icon\\" is less a greatest hits than an attempt to cover Adams' overall range. For a budget quickie, it does a good job. If you want to pay a little more and get the full enchilada, pick up [[ASIN:B000BBOV8U Anthology]].
B0052UZIFA|2.0|this games freezes on a unrooted 10&quot; viewsonic gtablet, but the background music would keep playing.  its got the original tnt and everything is stock.  please fix it cause i really like to play this game on something bigger than my iphone.
B005AUWXZ0|1.0|\\"Cars 2\\" had too many new characters to keep track of, couldn't decide if it was a race movie or a spy movie, was too dark and serious for kids, and will never stand the test of time like the first classic \\"Cars\\" movie! \\"Mater's Tall Tales\\" (though a series of straight-to-video shorts) is a much better sequel.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Challenging game based on a very unique and clever concept.  Game includes lots of levels, and there is the possibility to go back and try to complete the levels in minimum moves.
044661758X|5.0|This was a recommended book from several people. So I look forward to reading it. Things have been real busy lately so I am getting a slow start. I must finish the current book that I am reading first. Thank you for great service.
B004GUSG4M|5.0|I wasn't sure when I bought this book how much I would enjoy it, but I loved it!  It was an interesting premise with a few twists and turns. I couldn't put it down!  The only part I didn't love was the ending, it didn't seem very believable but didn't bother me too much.
B0015DWJX2|5.0|I really loved this book. It showed a part of the war that I was not aware of. In effect the Channel Island's occupation was unknown to me. The letter format of this book makes it truly original and a pleasure to read.
0553382179|1.0|Doesn't seem right that the Kindle version is more than the hard copy, would love this,but not until it comes down.part of my clutter control is not buying things that take up my space. I'm trying to empty my book cases not add to them.
B00004Z4WR|5.0|the product was in good shape.  it was in good wooking oder.and i recevied it in   the days it said i would.
B002WYJHBA|5.0|I bought this DVD for my husband.  He loves this movie and had been talking about it for quite a while.  The fact that its in blu-ray really pleased him.<br /><br />Pleasantville is a cute / heartwarming movie.  Its one that the whole family can enjoy.
B00506NRBS|3.0|I purchased this on audio book.  Some humbling lessons, and some decent firsthand insight.  Solid.  I think the firsthand perspective is useful, but I did think there were some thoughts and actions that were conflicting to his ideas and proposals.  He is honest & insightful, so its definitely worth picking up
0894803123|4.0|was fun to read, made excellent ice cream with it, everyone loves it and my kids keep pulling it out and letting their friends choose flavors.  Fantastic coffee ice cream
B003H6KRIE|5.0|Three great movies in on package. Gave me a chance to upgrade from both DVD & HD-DVD. With my combo player acting up I might have to go with a Blu-ray only player soon and now the Bourne movies won't be an issue.
B004I11VZA|3.0|I live in China and Ip man is a pretty big thing here. It is a fantastic movie that, like fearless, captures the essence of Kung Fu. This makes fights turn into epic fights because everything has a purpose to it. It also accurately tells the story of Ip man. It really was a fantastic movie. However Ip man 2 just...is more holly wood and less story. Yes, the fights in the Ip man 2 are really cool and well choreographed, however, the story is just sub par at best. It talks Ip man, who wants to teach students his style of Kung Fu. However he is unable to get the respect of the other masters, therefore cannot open one. He does his thing and at the end of the film, has to fight a 'super' villain. The story just not very complex. This is a film for a friday night where you just want to see guys beat stuff up. Its great for relaxation but its sub par story sets it off. However, if you want to really see a full fight movie, watch Rocky, Ip man ONE or Fearless(Huo Yuan Jia). Sadly, Ip man 2 just does not live up to that standard.  I really would like to love this film, but it really..is just not in the same level as any of the other movies stated.  Its a classic sequel that disappoints the audience since it does not live up to its original standards.      Pretty cool movie with well Choreographed fights, however Average Story earns it a 3 ):
B0055SWM08|5.0|This game presents some real challenges, but since you are rated by the number of moves instead of by time, it is relaxing. You can win a level by hitting all the targets and then move on, or play the level again to see if you can do it in fewer moves. The game draws you in and presents many different levels.  I am generally not good at strategy and puzzle games, but Quell has a nice hint system that only costs a couple of the points that you win for passing earlier levels.  Some of the levels even have \\"portals\\" that let you jump from one area to another in a single move.  If I had to describe the game with a single word, I'd have to say it's FUN!
B000L3CHC0|5.0|This is the only watch I own which I can take splits with at the morning swim meet, take shallow water free diving in the afternoon and then get complimented on at that night's dinner party. I keeps good time over extended periods also. The only knock is that the booklet that came with the watch, and tells the story of Tissot's history, was in Spanish. I sure would like to learn more about this amazing workhorse Amazon...
B0058P7KUA|3.0|The game itself is a solid twin-stick shooter.  It works well enough, but the main problem with this game is the awful touch screen controls.  I am sick and tired of games using the touchscreen to replicate a couple of analog sticks.  There's not enough precision, not enough room(especially if you have a small screen), and you're covering the screen with your thumbs!  I just don't understand how anyone could find this type of gaming fun.  If there were an option to remap the controls onto the physical qwerty keypad, I'd consider coming back to this game.
1594744769|4.0|I picked up this book not realizing it was a Young Adult read, and almost passed it by - thankfully I didn't. I quickly became engaged in the plot and almost couldn't put the book down.  In the story, as a young boy, Jacob hears strange stories from his grandfather who, as it turns out, is trying to share his \\"other world\\" experiences.  Through time travel, teen-age Jacob learns about children caught in time, but not without discovering that he and the \\"peculiar\\" folks are being persued by terrible monsters.  Historical events related to WWII are referenced as part of the story.  Although not on the same level as HP, this story is scarey, exciting and cleaver.  It is clearly told from a teenager's perspective.  Someone else referred to the rough talk/comments, but I would see these comments as age appropriate for the characters.  There are also typical themes of adolescence and family dynamics related to parent/teen struggles. The most fascinating part of this book is the way the author has inserted into the book very old photographs to bring characters to life.  Riggs gives credit to those who collect and even sort through \\"dumps\\" to find unique pictures from some of early photography.   Some individuals pictured in the book appear to be physically bizarre, as are some characters in this novel, and this may be attributed to some early experimentation in trick photography. One wonders what the real story is behind the poses.  The way Riggs weaves the photos, some of which are very funny (the Santa photo was perfect), into the story is truly amazing.  I could visualize Riggs sitting down and enjoying selecting specific photos and then creating character profiles around those snapshots.  The addition of the photography plays a significant part in the effectiveness of this book. I have some old photos of members of generations long lost, and I would find it interesting to create my own stories about some of the imagined personalities.   I would recommend this to the YAaudience and adults as well.  Someone mentioned a series, but I couldn't find any more information - I would certainly look forward to continued adventures of Miss Peregrine's peculiar wards.
B000FCKGPC|3.0|Not what I was hoping for. It seems as if only following half the characters brought half the excitement...or less. The first three books took only took a me a few days a piece to finish, this one took me a few weeks. I found my self trying to justify skipping entire sections of the book just to be nearer the end. To be clear, not a horrible book, just not up to par with his others. I can still say I'm looking forward to book five with a lot of enthusiasm.
1603425381|5.0|The book you sent me was in better condition than described.Prompt service. It was a pleasure doing business with you.
B000QCS8TW|5.0|I had never heard about this series until the HBO show came out. After watching the show I immediately bought the book. Although the book is over 1,000 pages I finished in a few days. Not only was it one of the best books i've read in a long time, it made re-watching the show twice as good and easier to understand.
0345529057|5.0|I found out about this series from watching the HBO series about the first book. So I purchased the set to continue finding out about the great characters. I have to say HBO did a great job on the first book, it follows very closely. Have just started the second book so can't give a review of the entire series, but it is looking likely that it will measure up well against the gold standard Lord of the Rings.
0439023521|5.0|I'm a 56 year old mom of grown children and I'm no Twilight mom...too vampirey for my taste.  I loved loved loved this \\"young adult\\" series and I happily recommend it to everyone.  I am a long time fan of science fiction writing, particularly post-apocalyptic stories of survival.  I am a little bit embarrassed to admit that I completely identified with 16 year old Katniss Everdeen.  Suzanne Collins really captured the ennui of the struggle Katniss faced in not only her daily struggles to survive, protect her family but the emotional conflicts that brought to her relationships with those in her life.  I read the entire series in a week and only took that long because I have to hold a job and eat and sleep.  Don't be put off because it is classified in this genre because it is a worthy accomplishment and very riveting.
B004SKHJF2|5.0|got this app when amazon had it as the free app of the day. great app that I use to keep track of songs that I hear on the radio.
B0058ZZDVS|5.0|SUITS is smart, sassy, clever, sophisticated, timely and immensely entertaining! The new series debuted with a full 60 minute story that establishes the characters very solidly, opens pathways for many story lines, and boasts an exceptional cast of fine actors. Here is hoping it makes it as an ongoing series, especially since it is not yet another crime drama! Not that Criminal Mains, The Mentalist, Without A Trace will lose their place among the best show on television, but with all the spinoffs on the crime shows, the available choices have been dwindling lately.<br /><br />SUITS is a lawyer show. Set in New York (captured, by the way, in beautiful cinematic vistas) it focuses on a very successful law firm, managed by Jessica Pearson (Gina Torres) who balances the talents of her two top lawyers, the smarmy Louis Litt (Rick Hoffman) who is a control freak, and the very brilliant but egotistical Harvey Spector (Gabriel Macht). There is a particularly appealing and very bright secretary Donna (Sarah Rafferty) and a beautiful paralegal Rachel (Meghan Markel) and last but certainly not least by any means there is Mike Ross (Patrick J. Adams) - a young lad who is extremely bright, has a photographic memory, dropped out of college because he took tests for fellow students and got caught, fell into marketing drugs by default for need of money so that he could pursue his dream of being a lawyer, and falls quite by accident into the role of being selected as associate to the brilliant but self absorbed Harvey Spector. This is the team of characters who are destined to provide fascinating substories as they interact.<br /><br />The dialogue (Aaron Korsh and Sean Jablonski) is clever, bright, snappy, unclich&eacute;d, witty, and helps define the complexities of the characters. The pacing is exceptional (directors Kevin Bray and John Scott) and the series has the appearance of a high-end movie - excellent cinematography, expansive development of story in well-selected locations - but most of all this is a cast that is worthy of attention every moment they are on camera. It will be interesting to watch how Patrick J. Adams and Gabriel Macht grow into our psyches: both are exceptionally fine and provide a spectrum of the lawyer personality we haven't seen on a series before. This should be a major hit! Grady Harpthis is a cast that is worthy of attention every moment they are on camera. It will be interesting to watch how Patrick J. Adams and Gabriel Macht grow into our psyches: both are exceptionally fine and provide a spectrum of the lawyer personality we haven't seen on a series before. This should be a major hit! Grady Harp
B0050LJIRK|2.0|I'm a professional classical musician, but still listen to everything.  Limp Bizkit was a favorite of mine in college, but this album is rough.  Their sound hasn't changed, and the lyrics are weak.  If you already own a previous CD, I'd stick with those... and if you don't own one already, look into any of the first three (out of the five) before this one. They've jumped on the auto-tune-bashing cd track bandwagon for a track, to the point of annoyance.  I bought mine used for $2, and I hope to sell it.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|No offense to Amazon, but I can skeptical when purchasing this product considering it was \\"their brand\\". However, my decision was based mostly on price and storage capability. This bag fits all of my lenses, camera body, accessories, and then some. I would recommend this for any photographer as the inside is sectioned off with adjustable Velcro padded dividers for a custom fit.
0553801473|2.0|I'm not sure what happened here, but it sure took a long time to happen. I (mostly) loved all of the other books in this series and waited--waited years--for this volume. What a disappointment.<br /><br />If you haven't read the other books in this series, DO NOT start with this book--you won't have a clue. Martin introduces characters one after another, and unless you know them from the earlier books, you'll be left shaking your head. But what really astounded me about this book was the way he introduced several characters and then they seemed to drop off the face of the planet; you never hear from them again. What's up with that?<br /><br />While \\"Dragons\\" does have its moments, overall this book is a bore--and that's coming from someone who really loves the Fire and Ice series. It's obvious that the whole purpose of this book is to set up a sequel. I always thought that the purpose of a book like this was to entertain. It does that, after a fashion, but not very well.<br /><br />Sadly, I have to wonder if Martin has lost interest in his creation.
B000OPPBEQ|4.0|If you like the Matrix series then this is the set you'll want.  Not only just the flicks here but also many many extras to enjoy.
B002JVWR9U|5.0|I love the Vampire Diaries and this set is nice with the extras it has. Its always good to be able to see behind the scenes, the gag reels and the extra unaired scenes. I recommend it without hesitation.
B001PPLIEG|3.0|as Casino Royale. In fact this is really just a continuance of Casino Royale. The movie lay out was not in the tradition of the other Bond films. For one there are trailers to other movies at the first of this one, the other DVD's don't have those and there is no 007 shooting at the gun barrel at the first like the other Bond films. There other differences I won't get into. I like David Craig. He has more muscle tone than the other Bonds, women will really notice that. This Bond really like drinking. He nearly always has a bourbon or martini glass in his hand. I know the other Bonds drank but you really notice it with this Bond. I didn't like the Bond women. Sort of homely and ugly to me. A lot, I mean lot of action but it was too chaotic for my liking. Camera moved to much it the action scenes. \\"Q\\" was nowhere to be found but \\"M\\" was sure around. I like the other Bonds better.
0783231202|4.0|I read the review from the professional critic and thought he was being a little over dramatic; it was a \\"great\\" history lesson because without this movie I might have never known about these past events, and I was entertained while informed.  And it was Steven Speilberg \\"How great is that?\\"  Just watch the movie with an open mind and you will love it too!
B000MNP2KI|3.0|The movie lay out was not in the tradition of the other Bond films. For one there are trailers to other movies at the first of this one, the other DVD's don't have those and there is no 007 shooting at the gun barrel at the first like the other Bond films. There other differences I won't get into. I like David Craig. He has more muscle tone than the other Bonds, women will really notice that. This Bond really like drinking. He nearly always has a bourbon or martini glass in his hand. I know the other Bonds drank but you really notice it with this Bond. I didn't like the Bond women. Sort of homely and ugly to me. A lot, I mean lot of action but it was too chaotic for my liking. Camera moved to much it the action scenes. \\"Q\\" was nowhere to be found but \\"M\\" was sure around. I like the other Bonds better.
B001VEHZZ2|4.0|I wonder what  Mr. hamid thinks of the recent findings of pakistan's involvement in hiding bin laden? He creates a character with anti american views and sees the U.S as a bullying world power. I wonder why he did not write about  how some pakistanis take in terrorists. I'm sure this novel takes on a whole new meaning after osama's death. Just a though. Overall, i enjoyed the book.
B0045DO8NI|5.0|I love this CD/dvd combo.  Both have so many great songs from Pink.  Even my 7 year old son loves it.  He becamely quickly addicted to Pink and we had to watch the dvd every day until my husband stole it.
B0024RIMBG|5.0|I bought this video for my husband.  He loved it and surprisingly I did too.  The woman are beautiful and their voices are like angels.  We truly enjoyed the entire DVD.  Will order more.
B0054N73EY|3.0|I thought the album was decent but not what RHCOP usually make.  Although some songs have good rhythms they lost that flare that made them unique when John left.  I miss the crazy solos by John and the variety of effects he would use and especially his backup vocals.  Don't get me wrong Josh has his moments and is talented but John is what made RHCP unique for me.
B002ZG9760|4.0|\\"Beastly\\" is loosely based on \\"Beauty and the Beast\\", but it's a modern adaptation that deviates significantly from the original story.  It's analogous to the way \\"10 Things I Hate About You\\" is loosley based on Shakespeare's \\"Taming of the Shrew\\".  In fact, both adaptations use a high school setting.<br /><br />Like \\"10 Things\\", Beastly's deviation from the original is done well.  The story appeals to teenagers and tweeners, but probably is not suitablke for young Disney kids.  The movie also appeals to my wife due to its combination of romantic love story, fantasy, and simplistic high school character motivations.  but then, my wife likes every version of \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" ever produced (yes, even the old black-and-white French film).  \\"Beastly\\" was my wife's birthday gift from our 16-year-old daughter, and they watched it together more than once during the first month.<br /><br />I'm a middle-aged guy who likes typical guy movies.  This isn't one of them - not even close.  I enjoy the occasional high school flick also, but this movie uses high school kids more than it takes place in a high school.  I thoroughly enjoy epic fantasy movies, but \\"Beastly\\" is light fantasy at best.  I'm trying hard not to type a spoiler here, so you'll have to discover the rest for yourself.<br /><br />As for the medium, this Blu-Ray disk was just fine.  My family doesn't get into much beyond the movie itself, so most extra features have no value to me.  All I remember is that the movie plays correctly every time, and the menues are easy enough to navigate.  Beyond that, see the movie's product description to determine the specific bonus features.
159514188X|3.0|Now don't get me wrong, this was a good book. It's just that dealing with suicide can be tough. It's personally affected my life. I liked the tapes and how brutally honest they were. Everyone should watch how they treat others because it can have a domino effect.
B0002Z1EG2|5.0|I love Shania Twain and I'm glad to see that she's making a comeback. I had no idea about her hard childhood and I while I knew some details about her divorce, I didn't really know she had been betrayed by a close friend. I've always loved all her songs and this greatest hits album is a must for Shania fans. I prefer to buy greatest hits recordings since you can get your singer's favorite songs all in one album.
0894803123|1.0|Somehow, Ben and Jerry forgot to mention that you have to COOK YOUR EGGS!!!<br /><br />I really can't believe that Ben and Jerry's is selling ice-cream with raw-egg in it all over the nation. Then again, while this is rather obvious, it is not so obvious how to make a good custard base needed for some of their recipes.<br /><br />This book may provide you some inspiration... but go with Liebovitz's The Perfect Scoop instead if you're looking to learn how to make AWESOME ice cream!
B002LFPAUC|5.0|I think this is the perfect companion for the Monty Python 16Ton set.  Cleese at his best with a superb support cast.  Enjoy!!
0596805888|5.0|Short of reading Harold McGee's On Food and Cooking, this book will teach you how to THINK about food. What more could you ask for as a chef -- or someone aspiring to be.<br /><br />If you want a book filled with recipes, this is NOT the book for you. However, if you want to understand why certain recipes work / what's going on during cooking, etc. then click add to cart right now and check out. You're done. You found the book you're looking for - congratulations!<br /><br />It was important to me to understand food-science because I'm interested in creating my own recipes. If you're only interested in following recipes -- and never diverging -- then this book will help you make those recipes better, however, that's really not the point. Either way, read it.
0061729078|5.0|These days we are happy with our technology, and rightly so. We have Android phones that allow us to hold the net in the palm of our hand. Internet highways allow us to meet interesting people - the people I meet online are far more interesting than the people I meet in my home town-, and our computer games throw us all into wondrous realities; other worlds, with virtual galaxies that allow all, including the poorest among us, to be who the heck we want to be; without being judged by the authorities or nosey neighbours etc.<br /><br />You get the picture; obviously, because this is our 21st century; lit up with neon lights. And it gets better; people like Ray Kurzweil promise that our techno-smarts is only the beginning, and some time soon, we will all be enjoying the equivalent of a technological orgasm; he calls this future state, the singularity. The singularity is the echatology with batteries (no sniggering at the back, please).<br /><br />The eschaton is the imagined end state of evolution. God saw that the original people were cheeky enough to eat from the fruits of the tree, so he cast them out and shut the gates of paradise. This is The Fall, Original Sin and all the other buzz words from the benighted past, and this is why we are a ruinous species. The Fall from paradise explains our evil nature and our nostalgia for paradise. Even that barrel of laughs philosopher, Arthur Koestler,  argued that \\"the ancient doctrine of original sin, variants of which occur independently in the mythologies of diverse cultures, could be a reflection of man's awareness of his own inadequacy, of the intuitive hunch that somewhere along the line of his ascent something has gone wrong\\" (p267).  No problemo, argues Ray Kurzweil, we can move paradise into the future, and by doing so, cancel out The Fall. The singularity gives an optimistic spin to our wretched state, because paradise is now in the future, thus Original Sin gets canceled out too.<br /><br />The birth-pangs of this ecstasy is already with us, all we need to do is hold steady and wait for our technology to carry on her speedy momentum, and wallah, she will give birth to super complex machines; god-like complexities even; a complexity that will allow us all an early retirement; a billion balconies looking to the sunset. Kurzweil assures us that the singularity will free our minds from our ingrained nihilism, awaken the slumbering unconscious, demolish the cultural pillars of Christian civilisation, kick start the apocalypse and batter down the gates of heaven and blow her rusty irons of its hinges; phew! Finally, the singularity will suck Ray's consciousness, via a technological straw, onto a silicon chip, where he will dance the eons away in the hallways of digital Nirvana.<br /><br />This scenario won't only be for rich guys, as the singularity will be an egalitarian God that will suck us all into paradise; isn't it obvious, that electricity it is the holy ghost, descended to Earth with blue light? The holy intelligence will sort out our species with the benevolence of a thousand Buddhas. Who can argue with that? This is the expected singularity that is coming our way and those stick in the mud luddites better move out of our way!<br /><br />Now, people like Aldous Huxley would call the singularity' a 'self transcendence' downwards'. In other words, he would not be impressed with the idea of transferring his consciousness into a silicon chip, to become immortal. Their is nothing upwards transcending about the singularity.<br /><br />Why would he be so negative? We can't exactly call Aldous Huxley a Luddite, or as we Brits say, an old fart. These rightly placed badges are given to idiots who criticise our modern world, but Aldous Huxley was not an idiot. Why then would he call our world of technological bindging a `downward self transcendence'? Surely virtual reality will eventualty make good on its promise and great a muhammaden paradise for us lads to enjoy! The reason Aldous Huxley would call the not be impressed by a promised techno tea party is that, back in the 1940's, Huxley and many others had access to magical spells that make GGI graphics and virtual realities look like baby toys! That is, Huxley had access to the 'Other World', whatever that may mean, and a person who's been there will not be too impressed by Ray Kurzweil's singularitarian escape pod.<br />Now, if he wasn't dead, Aldous Huxley would tut at this of an upwards transcending techno elevator, via our brilliant technology, because he called this sort of thing 'self transcendence downwards' (rather than an upwards one, you see). In other words, Huxley would not be impressed with the idea of transferring his consciousness into a silicon chip, to be immortal. Why would he be so negative?<br /><br />Only a truly lumpen person can tut tut at the singularity. But it's not like we can call Aldous a Luddite, or as we Brits say, an old fart. These rightly placed badges are given to idiots, who criticise our mad world, but Aldous Huxley was not an idiot. Why then would he call our technological progress a `self transcendence downward '? The reason was that Aldous Huxley had access to magical spells that allowed an upward elevator into the mystery, therefore making our high definition virtual realities look like baby toys. What I mean is, to a man whose eye balls have seen what Aldous Huxley's eye balls have seen, CGI movies, in 3D, look pants! They are pants because the fingerprints of the editors will always limit the experience to the knowable. Huxley had access to the 'Other World', whatever that may mean, and a person who's been there will not be too impressed by Ray Kurzweil's singularitarian wrap.<br /><br />Now those who don't know that they are left in the dark, still lurking in a Platonic cave, like those pod people in the Matrix. We really believe that our Avataric selves are the cutting edge of ontology, but this is only because we don't believe that there is anything outside five sense reality and this is why we focus more and more on technology. Now this technology has been designed by fallible human beings and so no matter how good the picture quality, the architectonics of the thing is a mere puppet show, when compared to the eons and eons of time ahead of us. Not to belabour the point, but people never seem to make this point, that technology is really a nihilist's tea party at the end of time. Even `New Age' people, who criticise science, and are suspicious of materialism, fall into this downwards spiral of techno nihilism, because they also seem to be on an electronic consumer binge.<br /><br />So I am arguing that the idea behind life is that your life is a gap between the two eternities where you actually have a chance of finding out what the hell is going on. But if you're consuming the pretty things, dangled before your startled eyes, or living your second life in a nerdish game, then you are living somebody else's idea of what is going on. A computer programmer, working for a huge corporation, is now designing the virtual reality your future kids will be living inside.<br /><br />Are you not, after all, a citizen of the mystery of life, rather than a consumer of somebody else's idea of the mystery? Someone else has your transcendence already packaged for you and it resembles a flabby, de-caffeinated version of the mystery, were the shopping mall replaces the cathedral as the communities dwell point and instead of working on your fundamental ontology, to free you soul or build karma points, your mortgage becomes your mausoleum. (Yes mortgage is Latin for death grip or death pledge,mort means death in Latin). This was an arcane joke, years and years ago, when mortgages were first invented (most of our words are derived from long dead languages whose meanings have changed and so it was thought that, by sighing a death pledge with the estate agent, making a death pledge was one of those funny things, like those funnyred guards who stand outside Buckingham palace with those tall fluffy black hats that cover their eyes. This is whay a death pledge was a humorous thing to take out, because our parents knew that it would be paid off in about 18 years. Fast forward about 30 years to the present, and you will indeed be dead before you pay off your dept. Who's laughing now!<br /><br />Now the point of this free for haranguing is that you arrived from who knows where, you live for a few decades before departing to who knows where. Death is like the singularity the physicists talk about, a black hole is a singularity because no information can escape a black hole, you see. Our death then is like this; is the black hole of biology if you like, because no information can escape the after death state (forget all the clapping from the New Age section).<br /><br />So while we exist in this Earth, we wonder the planet, bump into stuff, like drunken chimpanzees, clever stuff like Bach or fractal geography, or dumb stuff like consumerism, but it is all our choice, is what I'm struggling to say, rather than the choice of some marketing dude with a focus group. Now it is rumoured than millions of other lucky beings lived before our time and some went on the found empires and set armies marching but a select few became smart and attained enlightenment. You too can bump into the right stuff, follow the path of all those millions who never got the chance of getting it; you have the chance of getting it. But living as a consumer completely avoids the boat. Consumerism make you infantile and bleeds your individuallity dry.<br /><br />Consumerism focuses' the mind on a downwards spiral of a beastly greed and feed ecstasy, and reduces the human animal to cravings for the baser things in life. This is called downwards transcendent, because there is the possibility of the upwards transcendence. Downwards transcendence is not really a new phenomenon because the ancient Gnostics also believed that we are spirits trapped in a material world. Though by upwards transcendence, I do not mean the worn out and completely discredited wine bottles of organised religion, or the old wine in new bottles me-me-me spiritualism. Neither do I mean menopausal mysticism or celebrity death-worship for dummies (Tibetan Buddhism).<br /><br />But our grandparents, back in the 1940 to the early 1960's, would laugh at our looking at ourselves in our techno mirrors because they had LEGALLY sanctioned psychedelic drugs that allowed them a glimpse through the matrix. (The comedian, Doug Stanhope, has a very funny joke about old farts arguing that kids these days are boring because they don't take drugs)! It is all in this book and we young 'n's are left humbled by our nave view of what escape really means. We watch movies in CGI and are impressed; Huxley will find that very funny indeed!ing outside five sense reality and this is why we focus more and more on technology. Now this technology has been designed by fallible human beings and so no matter how good the picture quality, the architectonics of the thing is a mere puppet show, when compared to the eons and eons of time ahead of us. Not to belabour the point, but people never seem to make this point, that technology is really a nihilist's tea party at the end of time. Even `New Age' people, who criticise science, and are suspicious of materialism, fall into this downwards spiral of techno nihilism, because they also seem to be on an electronic consumer binge.<br /><br />So I am arguing that the idea behind life is that your life is a gap between the two eternities where you actually have a chance of finding out what the hell is going on. But if you're consuming the pretty things, dangled before your startled eyes, or living your second life in a nerdish game, then you are living somebody else's idea of what is going on. A computer programmer, working for a huge corporation, is now designing the virtual reality your future kids will be living inside.<br /><br />Are you not, after all, a citizen of the mystery of life, rather than a consumer of somebody else's idea of the mystery? Someone else has your transcendence already packaged for you and it resembles a flabby, de-caffeinated version of the mystery, were the shopping mall replaces the cathedral as the communities dwell point and instead of working on your fundamental ontology, to free you soul or build karma points, your mortgage becomes your mausoleum. (Yes mortgage is Latin for death grip or death pledge,mort means death in Latin). This was an arcane joke, years and years ago, when mortgages were first invented (most of our words are derived from long dead languages whose meanings have changed and so it was thought that, by sighing a death pledge with the estate agent, making a death pledge was one of those funny things, like those funnyred guards who stand outside Buckingham palace with those tall fluffy black hats that cover their eyes. This is whay a death pledge was a humorous thing to take out, because our parents knew that it would be paid off in about 18 years. Fast forward about 30 years to the present, and you will indeed be dead before you pay off your dept. Who's laughing now!<br /><br />Now the point of this free for haranguing is that you arrived from who knows where, you live for a few decades before departing to who knows where. Death is like the singularity the physicists talk about, a black hole is a singularity because no information can escape a black hole, you see. Our death then is like this; is the black hole of biology if you like, because no information can escape the after death state (forget all the clapping from the New Age section).<br /><br />So while we exist in this Earth, we wonder the planet, bump into stuff, like drunken chimpanzees, clever stuff like Bach or fractal geography, or dumb stuff like consumerism, but it is all our choice, is what I'm struggling to say, rather than the choice of some marketing dude with a focus group. Now it is rumoured than millions of other lucky beings lived before our time and some went on the found empires and set armies marching but a select few became smart and attained enlightenment. You too can bump into the right stuff, follow the path of all those millions who never got the chance of getting it; you have the chance of getting it. But living as a consumer completely avoids the boat. Consumerism make you infantile and bleeds your individuallity dry.<br /><br />Consumerism focuses' the mind on a downwards spiral of a beastly greed and feed ecstasy, and reduces the human animal to cravings for the baser things in life. This is called downwards transcendent, because there is the possibility of the upwards transcendence. Downwards transcendence is not really a new phenomenon because the ancient Gnostics also believed that we are spirits trapped in a material world. Though by upwards transcendence, I do not mean the worn out and completely discredited wine bottles of organised religion, or the old wine in new bottles me-me-me spiritualism. Neither do I mean menopausal mysticism or celebrity death-worship for dummies (Tibetan Buddhism).<br /><br />But our grandparents, back in the 1940 to the early 1960's, would laugh at our looking at ourselves in our techno mirrors because they had LEGALLY sanctioned psychedelic drugs that allowed them a glimpse through the matrix. (The comedian, Doug Stanhope, has a very funny joke about old farts arguing that kids these days are boring because they don't take drugs)! It is all in this book and we young 'n's are left humbled by our nave view of what escape really means. We watch movies in CGI and are impressed; Huxley will find that very funny indeed!
B004OZOTSQ|5.0|This makes copying files to/from the phone so easy, and it's faster than the usb cable for me on my Droid X.  No reason for me to hook up the cable to the computer any  more.<br />Highly recommended!
B003PIUBZS|5.0|I ordered Spartacus Blood and Sand after reading the good reviews on Amazon.  After watching it, I can easily say this is the best show I have ever seen in my life.  Every single aspect of this show is excellent.  The casting of the characters, the plot, the action, all pretty much flawless.  Its very violently graphic and well as sexually.  There is no shortage of nudity and sex.  There is definitley no shortage of blood!  Anyone looking to avoid these two, avoid this show at all costs.  They do not shy away from showing anything.  The camera never cuts away.  If two people are going to have sex, you are going to see these two people have sex.  If someone is getting their face ripped off or their head bashed in, youre going to see it.  I wont get into the storyline here; I'm sure you can see that in other reviews.  But I will just say order this dvd or blu-ray.  You will not regret it.  The action is good, and there is a lot of it, but the storyline is what keeps my interest the most.  Its all very intricately designed and will keep you watching every single second.
0374530718|5.0|I looked everywhere for this book but was unable to find it anywhere else.Luckily I found it here and was very happy because I needed this book for a school assignment.Thank you so much!
B0058UXHHK|4.0|Entertaining read. Mystery, intrigue, romance, but not too much to make it \\"one of those books\\". Delightful main character that you want to make sure is okay. Her waking up to reality and starting to really live life, after years of a controlling person keeping her down and dowdy,is endearing. The author may write another book based on the main character, I look forward to it.
B00457X7XQ|1.0|I had high hopes, but I gave up after a few chapters. I came back a few times thinking I might enjoy it in a different mood, but I finally gave up. Every time I started to get involved in the story, the narrative started staring at some chick's boobs. Have some dignity already, guys, it's like watching the monkeys at the zoo when you walk around with it hanging out all of the time.
0142410705|5.0|John Green has become my favorite author. I purchased this paperback to fill out my collection and aim to have all of his books eventually. I only lack a couple now.<br />This book arrived fast and in new condition as described.
B004VD3YIM|5.0|Brings peace of mind to check the house while I'm away.  Love it Love it Love it.  I can even listen to my kids playing and talking.  However I do wish I could talk back to them.  My cam has a speaker but the app doesn't drive it.
B001EVNMTK|1.0|This item did not fit my shaver despite being labeled for the Series 3. Apparently mine does not take cassettes.
B004ZZS4CC|3.0|At the beginning she writes it's confusing and that would be correct. The beginning is all about her life as a typical 11 year old girl and suddenly her life is taken away and she is forced into a terrible situation. It's hard to read and realize this really happened and it's heartbreaking. As you get into the story about her new \\"life\\" if you can call it a life it all becomes somewhat confusing.  She writes about her cats a lot sometimes to much but you have to realize until her girls were born that is all she had to hold on to.  I'm a bit confused about her living environment it goes from a room that soumds like it must have been what we would know as a shed to a tent to the main house and I couldn't figure out where she was most of the time.  I understand her need to protect her children but I was dissapointed that it didn't give you much information on her relationship with them, to me it almost sounded like she wasn't with them that often but we know from her interviews that they lived with her in that yard.  By the end I was exhausted with the repetative story but she really didn't have much of a life as it was. I was so happy by the end when she was freed but at the same time found myself very sad that she never had a childhood and her children were robbed of some of theirs also.  She is a very brave and forgiving person, she writes about how she doesn't like to think about the what if's but how can she not think about them.  Her child hood was truley stolen from the very 1st day.
B004856SQ8|5.0|Loved the A-Team as a kid and the movie did not dissappoint. Lots of action and good old fashion movie magic. For a film that has alot of action you had to really saty with the plot to keep up on what was happening.Hope they make a sequel to this.
B002LYTNR4|5.0|Love the audio versions of Tolle's works. For me they are easier to understand and assimilate as well as having more access time wise. I put the CD's on when I am driving in the car and find they are always uplifting and give me just what I need to hear. They have made such a profound difference in my life that my sister was delighted when I ordered this set for her.
B004A8ZWSS|3.0|Johnny Depp is one of th greatest actors of all times, the absolute best  Yet, this movie failed to capture my attention span, not at all engrossing  The charcters are so so, dont pull you in at all  Ms. Jolie is beautiful, stunning in face, the locales are gorgeous venice picturesque, and it is a well made movie  but so artificial, you never forget that it is only a movie  One of the things about a movie is that it makes you forget and you become a part of the story,   The tourist does not do it, just another commercial flik
1577314808|5.0|I am a fan of Eckhart Tolle and gain much insight for my life through his books & CD's. This is a gift for my sister and I was well pleased with the price as well as a very quick delivery.
B0030Y11XS|5.0|Like all Michael Moore documentaries, this film is well-researched, and full of clever montages and voice overs. The only criticism I could make of any of his films is that his documentaries are driven by an agenda rather than attempting to cover an issue completely and dispassionately, as has historically been the goal for many documentaries. I won't make it, though, because he has never promised to do this. He's an original, and his passion for his beliefs drives the film. I found his argument compelling, and I especially enjoyed his take on the disconnect between capitalism and Christianity. This should be food for thought for anti-Moore conservatives, who generally equate capitalism and Christianity as bedrocks of The American Way without apparent thought to the disconnects between the two. It won't though, because Moore is so polarizing that his films are discounted by those who could get the most out of them. Too bad.
B003M13LJQ|5.0|I came into this series late and I wasn't sure I cared for Eccleston's version of The Doctor. This episode is the one in which he won me over.
0439023491|5.0|This book was so good; I loved every minute of it. Not only was it exciting, but a good love story as well.  I can't wait to see the movie.
B0056BMK6K|5.0|I just read John Locke's book and I must say I was not disappointed! His use of Twitter combined with targeted blogs is original and cunning marketing. I've never seen this process described anywhere else. A few people won't understand this book however, as it requires a basic understanding of how internet marketing, social networking, and Twitter works, combined with some understanding of human psychology. If you are interested in selling eBooks it is well worth reading this one and if you don't understand why it is so special, then maybe the eBook game is not for you.    Jack
0439023513|5.0|I loved this book in the trilogy as much as the others.  It was intriguing and kept me guessing.  I recommend it to anyone. I look forward to seeing how each book will be portrayed in the movies.
B004WCTLNY|2.0|The premise and acting worked pretty well, but they could not overcome the limitations of the script - perhaps good for a sappy date night rental, but you do not need to own it
0739337270|5.0|This book arrived in the time frame promised and in the condition promised. We are pleased with the service provided and will select product from this supplier again.
0316098329|5.0|Really really powerful. I read it in two days.<br /><br />Room is told from the point of view of Jack, a 5-year-old who has lived his entire life as a captive with his mother in an 11 x 11 room. Although Jack is exceptionally articulate, his diction reflects his age and social deficiencies.<br /><br />The early chapters of the book, as Jack describes daily life in the room (They eat, they bathe, they do \\"phys. ed,\\" they watch just a little bit of TV, they have school), were creepy to me, but because of Jack's unique voice, they aren't as harrowing as they could be.<br /><br />Jack doesn't know what he's missing out there in the real world, and when he finds out, he still thinks he'd prefer life in Room with Ma.<br /><br />The premise is horrifying, but the story is hopeful.
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|This is a book for all those who have wasted major portions of their lives chasing bits on a digital screen for fun. The book is a loving homage to the history of computer gaming. For an old time gamer like me, who started out in the Colossal Cavern of 'Adventure 'many long years ago, the book was like a visit from old friends.<br /><br />For those of you who recognized XYZZY for what it is, this book is a great read.
B004EPYZZI|5.0|This is a great movie which is appropriate for the whole family.  I enjoyed the role faith played in the lives of the characters.
1594744769|5.0|This book is an absolutely wonderful! I never thought I would love a book with pictures at my age, but this is an exception. Amazing book, a must for every library.
B0050CQY1W|1.0|Oh dear. I am (or maybe was...) a fan of Beyonce. The woman has a great voice, she can perform on stage like noone else of her genre. I loved her in Destiny's Child, and she's had some very good tracks since then (definitely enhanced by some great videos it has to be said). She has the talent that can make a mediocre song sound good. However, this does not save her on this album...    I have admittedly only listened to it once but it's enough to make me not even want to listen to it again. It seems like a chore for me to have to listen again to see if any of the tracks will grow on me, and I'm just not desperate for them to. I hesitate to even call these songs. They are just like a noise that goes all over the shop with no hooks or anything that grabs you.    Compare this (although of course they are of different genres) to Gaga's new album. Straight away, it is clear there are some great tunes in there that you only have to hear once for them to get a hold of you. I WANT to listen to it over and over to really get into these ongs. 4 absolutely does not make me want to do this, I'm sorry to say.    This album feels self-indulgent. B has written songs and apparently thrown the best of them into this album. Seriously, do you think that's good enough? Feels like she didn't really care, she liked these tracks so she was going to put them out.    Just cos you're a mahoosive star don't mean people can't go off you you know.    Before I mistakenly and blindly buy an album of hers again (I didn't have access to any of her singles before buying it), I will preview the tracks then decide. B - fork out some of your cash to recruit song writers who can give you GREAT songs to sing. Seriously, then you would really be GREAT. As it is, I still listen to and enjoy Destiny's Child tracks much more than B's. It's a crying shame.    1/10. MUST do better next time.
034552554X|4.0|The Language of Flowers is truly an emotional roller coaster. Victoria Jones was passed from foster home to foster home her entire life, until she met Elizabeth. Elizabeth is a lonely woman living on a vineyard, estranged from her sister - her only family in the world. Somehow, Elizabeth is able to get through Victoria's hard outer shell and connect with her. Yet, something happens which separates them, and Victoria lives in a home for girls until she turns 18.<br /><br />Alternating between the past of Victoria's childhood and the present of her adulthood, this story shows how lack of communication can be destructive in relationships. Using the Victorian language of flowers, Victoria is able to get a job as a florist, making bouquets with special meaning and power for her customers. Through this job, she meets Grant, a flower supplier who turns out to be the only son of Elizabeth's estranged sister. Grant and Victoria have one important thing in common: they both can communicate through the language of flowers.<br /><br />One of the aspects I loved most about this book was that Victoria is complete unpredictable. So many heroines in today's women's fiction are so predictable in their actions. Because of Victoria's intense past, she has an extremely difficult time of connecting with others. As the chapters alternate between past and present, the past reveals why Victoria has so much guilt about leaving Elizabeth, and why she does not trust herself to be in a relationship with Grant, or really anyone at all. There are parts of the book that are sort of disturbing to me, but I feel that if I explained them, the plot might be ruined for any of you that would like to read the book. That being said, they do not detract at all from the book, they just illustrate how serious Victoria's problem really is.<br /><br />I've heard a lot from other bloggers about how their favorite character was Victoria, but I truly just loved Elizabeth. She is just such a no nonsense person, and yet she becomes so obsessed with contacting her sister that she almost loses her grip with reality. She loves Victoria so much, but she has her own problems that she never faced, and now that she has Victoria, she realized just how important those familial relationships are. Overall, I would definitely recommend this book to anyone looking for a good emotional read about family. Parts of the book are downright depressing, while others reaffirm just how wonderful life can be. The book is written beautifully - the visuals of flowers that Diffenbaugh creates are absolutely gorgeous.sessed with contacting her sister that she almost loses her grip with reality. She loves Victoria so much, but she has her own problems that she never faced, and now that she has Victoria, she realized just how important those familial relationships are. Overall, I would definitely recommend this book to anyone looking for a good emotional read about family. Parts of the book are downright depressing, while others reaffirm just how wonderful life can be. The book is written beautifully - the visuals of flowers that Diffenbaugh creates are absolutely gorgeous.
B0002PC308|1.0|I bought this and when I got it, I found it would only work in my computer, I tried different dvd players and it was not supported.
1416562605|4.0|I thought this was a good read - dark, but humorous - I couldn't put it down.  It offers a perspective on modern India and how its economy is changing - rich in detail.  Enjoyed it!
0345529057|5.0|It is an exciting story.  Being able to finish one book and start the next was a luxury.  It is fantasy but you can relate to the people and their hopes and dreams.  Sometimes it is frustrating the way George Martin tells the story.  He doesn't write about a situation from beginning to end but rather each chapter is focused on the events happening to an individual and you have to wait for several more chapters to get back to the solution or the end of this particular event.  Plus the delivery time was only 2 days and the set of books was received in excellent condition.  I would recommend this author and this bookseller to anyone.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|The Sony MDR-V6 has a strong reputation for being nearly identical to the 7506. The even share many parts. It's about 25% cheaper ($65), so if that extra cash is a lot to you I suggest you go with the cheaper V6 instead. [[ASIN:B00001WRSJ Sony MDR-V6 Monitor Series Headphones with CCAW Voice Coil]] (Notice all the great reviews and comparisons to the 7506 when you check them out.)<br /><br />The Sony MDR7506 is the gold standard that pros use. If you don't have an issue with the price on this listing and want the best just click buy and be done.
1439153663|5.0|This book is by far the best book I have read in a long time.  The characters in this book has stuck with me, the read was so engrossing.  I found myself getting to know each character individually and feeling for each of them.  The love, committment and overrall conrardy in this story is enough to bring tears to your eyes.  I was able to get a better understanding of the different roles back then that the slaves played and I was very much educated through out this book.  I read this book on audio and I must say it was definitely the right book to choose on audio format. The characters came alive and the voices from the audio version did the story soo much justice, I don't think I would have been able to enjoy the book as much as I did had I not listen to it by audio (even though I'm sure I would have anyway). I suggest listening to it on audio..it was such a great book, I'm reading it again!
B003VS0CX8|5.0|The film is spectacular in Blu-ray format, enough that I don't feel frustrated about buying the at-the-time impressive 40th Anniversary Edition. Read the more detailed descriptions (below) because I want to point out how reading the product description COULD have avoided a handful of one-star reviews. One of those speed-reading morons presented a good example of NOT reading THE VERY LARGE PRINT before hitting the \\"Add to Cart\\" button. The Amazon description says: Disc 1 - Blu-ray. Disc 2 - Blu-ray. Disc 3 - DVD. How does a person infer, after reading the description, \\"You would think (in) a 3-disk set in a DVD box labeled DVD + BluRay, (that) at least 2 of the disks would be DVD\\"? That same reviewer bought this edition even though the item's description was in a \\"font was too small for me to read.\\" Then adjust your monitor so you can, fat head! Two keys: \\"Ctrl\\" and \\"+\\" and you're set. You're welcome. This same reviewer whimpered how DVD users \\"lose\\" when they buy this 3-Disc set. DVD users LOSE? Compared to Blu-ray player owners, you bet! Time marches on. Better technologies supplant others. And so it goes. . .
B005HV6Y5W|5.0|There is something to understand about this movie. That is...........    It is different.    If you like different things. You will enjoy it.     If you don't, you will not like it.     This movies dialog speaks to the audience through other methods than just a script. You see motion picture that will bring back memories as a child. You might cry at just the sight. There is so much feeling in this movie. If you don't allow that in, you will miss the point and I would recommend you not to try to watch or understand it.     This movie isn't for everyone.     But, I garrentee that if you purchase this movie, you will watch it over and over. To be honest, the more you watch it, the better it gets. The visuals are just breath taking, and the music is wonderful.     After seeing it, you will want to be a better person, a better parent, and a better being.
B0054N73EY|4.0|I must say I found it very refreshing, if not relieving, that the RHCP still sound like the RHCP, for the most part. With John leaving yet again and the formal introduction to Josh, I found myself fretting that I wouldn't hear the same RHCP I fell in love with. I am a lover of all the major hits of the RHCP... but the albums I fell in love in their entirety are \\"Californication,\\" \\"By The Way\\" & Stadium Arcadium\\". I feared that the sound of the RHCP would differ from the past 3 albums, even with Flea & Anthony remaining. Boy was I wrong. While I have only given this album one listen through so far, I must say I am pleasantly surprised. The moment I heard the first single a few weeks ago, \\"Adventures of Rain Dance Maggie,\\" I knew that these were the same RHCP. Flea can still play a mean bass and Anthony's voice is still mesmerizing to me.    My early favorites include \\"Even You Brutus?,\\" \\"Happiness Loves Company,\\" \\"Brendan's Death Song,\\" \\"Factory Of Faith,\\" \\"Adventures of Rain Dance Maggie,\\" and \\"Police Station.\\" But, I have no doubt that this is a strong album. Like previous records, we have a slow song. I liken \\"Brendan's Death Song\\" to \\"Porcelain\\" off of Californication. But we also have killer bass on so many of the tracks, with some piano and trumpet sprinkled in for good measure. Almost every track features killer music or killer lyrics, or both. Once I give it a listen to a few more times, I know I will come to love it. For example, it took me at least 5 listen throughs of \\"Stadium Arcadium's\\" Disc 2, Mars, to really have it shine through for me. I just didn't feel Mars at all the first listen through.. so much so it sad aside for quite some time before I decided to give it a few more listens... and it was gold, just like Jupiter, \\"Californication\\" and \\"By The Way.\\"     Buy this album. Love this album. Because you'll discover that even with John gone (yet again), Flea, Chad & Anthony lose no ground with Josh stepping right in.     There was at least one reviewI have seen already groaning and moaning about the price. I purchased the CD, strictly so I could rip into loss-less. I received it on release day through Amazon.com and only paid $9.99. Even with the digital download through Amazon.com being $10.99, I find this to be a fair price. You have 14 action packed tracks coming it @ just under 60 minutes. Shell out the money and support the band... keep in mind that even 10 years ago, when our economy was doing much better than today, CD's were costing $12-$16, close to $16 for release date records.
B00526ZKYS|4.0|I've been struggling with exactly what I want to say about this book.  I don't want to be spoilery, and I'll try really hard not to, but you know...it will probably be slightly spoilerish...<br /><br />Lauren Oliver's beautiful words are almost poetic as she constructs this intensely rich dystopian world for us.  This is my first time reading anything by Oliver, and I think she's utterly amazing.  The rules of the society and histories of the characters are well thought out and the general concept for this story are simply brilliant.  The idea of love being forbidden holds so many possibilities, and I think that it's great.<br /><br />Some of the characters fell short for me, though, and it seemed like the author got caught up in making her words pretty more than she wanted us to be swept up the true love part of the story. I felt like Lena, though likable enough, wasn't someone that I identified with.  Constantly flip-flopping between allegiance to the \\"cure\\" and the quest for the truth, she didn't want it enough for me.  I loved Alex--he's totally hot and I get their relationship from his perspective.  I didn't feel that they were overwhelmingly in love though, and kinda thought that was essential to this story's plot.  I needed to feel more passion between them.  I wanted Lena to be consumed.  *shrugs* Maybe I just don't get it.<br /><br />By now, you've read other people's reviews and know that this book ends with an evil cliffie.  I wasn't incredibly shocked by the cliffie, tbh.  It made me sad, for sure, but I wouldn't say it was unexpected.  I felt like there was all of this heart-racing clutching-your-chest action, action, action then...stop.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong.  I thought it was good.  It just didn't own me.  The idea is amazing, and I really want to know what happens next.  I'm definitely looking forward to the next book!
B005EP1PJQ|5.0|I do not have the words to explain how much I loved this book.  The sweetness, the twists, the dramz, swoon-worthy &Eacute;tienne and lovable Ah-na. I loved everything!!<br /><br />I wish it hadn't taken me so long to read this.  The feeling was so authentic--it's as if I was in Paris, trying to make my way, rooting for Anna and her crew.  I love the way Perkins describes everything.<br /><br />\\"And, suddenly, I want to touch him.<br /><br />Not a push, or a shove, or even a friendly hug. I want to feel the creases in his skin, connect his freckles with invisible lines, brush my fingers across the inside of his wrist. He shifts. I have the strangest feeling that he's as aware of me as I am of him. I can't concentrate.\\"<br /><br />I loved all of the characters.  I'm grateful that we didn't have to see any more of Ellie than we did, though lol  I wish there would be more of this--more of this couple, more of this feeling, more of this bliss.  I want to hug the author and thank her for writing such an awesome book. '<br /><br />Seriously.  Not that you are going to listen to me, but if you are...read this book.  Right now.  I'm not even kidding.
0553801473|5.0|Dance returns our attention to the edge of Westeros... and beyond. We return to the pov's of the Night's Watch, Daenerys and those seeking her favor or simply to destroy her. A Dance with Dragons doesn't stop there however. When the timeline catches up with Feast's, we get almost half a book worth of complete story, both out and in Westeros. This assures that GRRM will return to linear storytelling. However, it must be said that after rereading both the entire series and then Dance, it does indeed seem for the better that he split the book. Things fit wonderfully and this way we have quite a few twists and revelations in Dance that would otherwise have been less (interesting).<br /><br />Overall Dance is a great addition to the Ice and Fire series and definitely worth the price considering the behemoth of a book you receive. Mind, if Dance was only 200 pages long it would still have been worth it.
B002ZG975Q|5.0|I can't rate it because I have not recieved as of yet Beastly!!!!!!!  I paid for it! I waited for it!  No CD!  Love to find out where it is.    Thanks C
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|When I saw Jaycee Dugard on the Diane Sawyer show, I knew I had to read this book.  I also live in the SF Bay area where the discovery was made and this was in the news a lot and I was consumed with curiosity about what the guy was thinking that made it ok for him in his own mind to do this to a little girl.<br /><br />When you read this, you will find out that Phillip Garrido was very sick and selfish, and had strange delusions.  No surprise here that he was using a lot of porn and that he and his accomplice/wife Nancy were druggies.  It is with pleasure I report that Phillip will be serving a 431 year prison sentence, and Nancy is getting 36 years to life.  Frankly I think the death penalty would be better.<br /><br />On to the review:  The story begins triumphantly, with Jaycee Lee Dugard stating her name, clearly for all to hear.  What you come to know about this young woman, is that she had very strong survival skills, right from the beginning.  She followed her instincts the best she could in this horrible situation, and it helped her make the best of what many of us would have a much harder time dealing with.<br /><br />She talks about the horrible abuse she suffered, and I was struck by how in spite of the fact that she was being slowly brainwashed and processed to find this treatment acceptable, she never truly lost her sense of self.  She held on to her mother as a concept, even though she slowly lost the ability to remember what her mother looked like.  She was able to find strength in things like pets, and later, her children.<br /><br />When I got towards the end, and it came to the part where she is found and reunited with her mother, I cried and didn't stop reading until the very end.  What a tremendous person, this Jaycee Dugard.  Definitely worth the read.  I'm glad I could get it on Kindle.
B005B19UPE|5.0|This book is well written, with an unpredictable plot.  It deals with a part of the holocaust that was unknown to me.    I found this book to be engaging- I couldn't wait to talk to others who had read it!
1591843790|4.0|I've read many, many business / leadership books over the years and something you come to expect is that the basic message is going to be the same in most cases. Aim to create a good first impression. Care about what the person you're talking to wants out of life. Be clear and understandable. Do something with your time that you honestly care about. It's hard to knock a new book for providing the same information again - after all, these basics haven't changed. What's important is how clearly this current book presents the information to a new audience of readers. I feel Guy Kawasaki does a reasonably good job with Enchantment.<br /><br />Yes, it can seem sometimes that the items are common sense. Aim to change hostility into civility. Create a positive impression with short, simple, meaningful messages. Be patient with people - they may be dealing with an autistic child or an abusive spouse. Yes, we can say these are common sense - but how many times have we seen people be irritable or lack patience in situations where they could have done better? I think all of us could use to perfect our ability to take in a deep breath and deal with a \\"troublesome\\" person in a more serene manner.<br /><br />I wish Kawasaki had come up with fresh examples. I literally had read about both his \\"hospital checklist saves lives\\" and his \\"Vietnamese mothers find ways to beat malnutrition\\" examples in the previous management book I read the day before. If he had chosen examples from his own past then they would have been fresh and interesting. Similarly. I'd read about the \\"offering few jam options encourages people to choose one, offering too many options overloads peoples' brains and they don't buy any at all\\" experiment more times than I can count.<br /><br />Kawasaki offers commonly repeated advice. When meeting someone, look for any common interests you might share, even if it's a common dislike of a topic. Respect people, offer thanks, provide value, accept diversity, don't tolerate abusive / hostile behavior, and disclose any conflicts. This last one is curious though. I believe strongly that a person SHOULD disclose any conflicts they might have, including stating when a review copy is received for free. (Disclaimer - I paid for this book with my own money!) But even while Kawasaki promotes this, he uses as one of his examples in his book that a reviewer got upset when prodded that he should have disclosed that he got a rare gadget he was reviewing for free. Kawasaki supports him! This even though the FTC requires web reviews to state how a review item was acquired. The discrepancy bothered me.<br /><br />Kawasaki offers interesting ideas. Money rewards can be harmful to behavior - it reduces how helpful people are to others in a direct connection. Employees tend to want mastery, autonomy, and purpose. It's not just money that motivates them. He recommends keeping a journal about your experiences to learn from both the successful results and the hurdles. He points out that the number of searches on YouTube are second only to Google, so it's good to create videos! He recommends we investigate our competition, to determine what both you and they do, what they do better, and what you do better. You need that basic understanding in order to improve.<br /><br />All fair enough advice, and while it's been said many times before, he does have a style in his delivery that many will find easy to understand. However, I can't give this five stars for the reasons mentioned above plus a few more troubling ones.<br /><br />First, he presents a checklist for bosses to print and use - and it's chock full of negative words about the boss. I would hope someone so well read on motivation and encouragement would avoid this type of a negative-word-laden list. That's not how to encourage anybody.<br /><br />He mentions several times how an iPod should, instead of saying \\"80 gig iPod\\", should say \\"Holds xxxxxx songs\\". But how could that possibly be calculated? Songs are wildly different lengths and sizes depending on a wide range of factors. That's like saying on a crayon, \\"This crayon can draw an 8\\" pumpkin\\". Sure, but how about all the other things it could do? I disagree with this idea wholeheartedly.<br /><br />Finally, and this one bothers me on a very visceral level, he's talking about how he adores his daughter and how he loves to take her out for candy as a special treat. That part alone bugged me a lot, that he's training her to equate candy with affection and he can't take her out for something healthy instead. But he goes on to say as his ultimate praise - and I quote - \\"I'll never deny her if she GIVES me grandchildren.\\" WHAT??? He's already putting pressure on his daughter to kick out grandchildren for him? What if she's infertile? What if she simply chooses not to have children? I'm a mother myself, so this isn't me extrapolating my own life onto her. This is me saying that, for a guy who claims to support women's rights several times in his book, that he's already deciding that his daughter must GIVE him grandchildren to be his ultimate achievement. If she's president of the US, or a Nobel prize winner, or anything else, it won't matter. She has to kick out some kids. I feel she should be able to do whatever SHE wants to do and he should be proud of whatever route she takes, whatever path she takes to get there. His love should not be contingent on her producing babies for him to play with.<br /><br />So again, to summarize - nothing new. It's all been said before, and his examples are occasionally quite old and tired. However, for a group of people who haven't read these messages before, they are presented fairly cleanly, and the messages do need to be heard. So for people who might not have read the many previous books that covered this ground, this is a fresh new approach. It just needs some polishing - in my opinion - to be a five star book.<br /><br />Note - I paid for this book with my own funds, from a bookstore. I admit that I initially picked it up because I love origami and I liked the cover :)ongs are wildly different lengths and sizes depending on a wide range of factors. That's like saying on a crayon, \\"This crayon can draw an 8\\" pumpkin\\". Sure, but how about all the other things it could do? I disagree with this idea wholeheartedly.<br /><br />Finally, and this one bothers me on a very visceral level, he's talking about how he adores his daughter and how he loves to take her out for candy as a special treat. That part alone bugged me a lot, that he's training her to equate candy with affection and he can't take her out for something healthy instead. But he goes on to say as his ultimate praise - and I quote - \\"I'll never deny her if she GIVES me grandchildren.\\" WHAT??? He's already putting pressure on his daughter to kick out grandchildren for him? What if she's infertile? What if she simply chooses not to have children? I'm a mother myself, so this isn't me extrapolating my own life onto her. This is me saying that, for a guy who claims to support women's rights several times in his book, that he's already deciding that his daughter must GIVE him grandchildren to be his ultimate achievement. If she's president of the US, or a Nobel prize winner, or anything else, it won't matter. She has to kick out some kids. I feel she should be able to do whatever SHE wants to do and he should be proud of whatever route she takes, whatever path she takes to get there. His love should not be contingent on her producing babies for him to play with.<br /><br />So again, to summarize - nothing new. It's all been said before, and his examples are occasionally quite old and tired. However, for a group of people who haven't read these messages before, they are presented fairly cleanly, and the messages do need to be heard. So for people who might not have read the many previous books that covered this ground, this is a fresh new approach. It just needs some polishing - in my opinion - to be a five star book.<br /><br />Note - I paid for this book with my own funds, froma bookstore. I admit that I initially picked it up because I love origami and I liked the cover :)
030788743X|5.0|This was a real page turner!  I have so many friends that need to read this book as they can relate to the character.  Excellent!  Is book two in the works?  A movie of this one.  I finished in two days!  Highly recommend.
1439153663|5.0|Nicolle's review<br />Jul 02, 11    edit<br /><br />Read in July, 2011<br /><br />Absolutely fantastic book. I loved every character, the book moved along at a incredible pace, NEVER giving the reader time to leave the era that the author was portraying. The descriptions and settings the author described where incredible. I would highly recommend this book. I LOVED everything about this book.
B003MZ0I84|4.0|Admittedly I was hesitant to hear (and agree with) Maroon 5's new sound.  But after jamming through this album, I found myself putting the whole thing on repeat and letting my ears do all the work.  Contemporary grooves with the same great band.
B003Y5H53S|2.0|I thought this movie would be a cute movie for children and adults but it was not! Not even appealing! So far no one I know has liked it! what a disapointment!
B004SDSSFY|5.0|Allows me to be productive on the go. You can view and edit Word, Excel, and PowerPoint documents. Nice syncing features too!
B0059IVV9M|5.0|Saw this the other day at the local indy record store, and remembered the Pitchfork review sounded interesting.  Luckily they had a listening area and I picked up the disc after sampling a few tracks.  The music itself is beautiful and generally brings a smile to your face.  The lyrics that I have deciphered so far are well-written.  Plus it doesn't make the mistake of overstaying its welcome, at something like 33 minutes.  Also if you get one of the first pressings it is in a \\"book like\\" package that is really nice and a cut above most of the generic digipaks out there.
B000MAH5O2|1.0|I tried to read this book when President Obama's campaign was just a rumor, made it halfway through before I couldn't read it anymore.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|I got this a while ago because it was free I had no intention of paying $4 for something the phone already had but I have been using it now for about 3 months and I would gladly pay the $4 for it 5 people from my family have paid for it after I suggested it and every one of them days the same thing. GREATEST KEYBOARD EVER
0143112724|5.0|Exactly what I expected, and the book arrived promptly. Everything was as it was supposed to be! Great customer service. Would buy from them again!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|There are few bigger, more ardent fans of the Star Wars Saga. I'd long made peace with the fact that, for better or for worse, Lucas was going to tinker with the OT. I was still willing to purchase the BD set, until it was confirmed by the New York Times that the rumors about adding a NOOOOOOO to Vader in RotJ are in fact true.    I'm sorry, but I draw the line here. At the climax of the entire Saga, the culmination of all that is good between the Prequels and Originals, Lucas has utterly and completely destroyed one of the best moments in cinema. He has displayed an appalling disdain for the fans who have been loyal to him and made him one of the richest men on planet Earth.     All fans should simply refuse to buy any BD, of Star Wars until Lucas realizes that his peers, including Stephen Spielberg, are on the right side of history, that the originals should be preserved, maintained and made available.     Just say... NO.
B003Y5H54W|5.0|The DVD was just what I ordered. I would order from the same provider again. The providers product is good quality.
B000AXSN5G|5.0|Well-produced, great lyrics, very nostalgic, introspective, soft country feel, big collaborative effort.  Play it several times - let it get inside of you.  I purchased this CD, because I fell in love with Jonathan Demme's documentary film \\"Neil Young - Heart of Gold\\".  Between my boyfriend and me, we now own 3 copies of the CD and it's on all of our electronic devices. I'm a long time Neil fan and I love his louder, harder, rockier music, too, but this album is something different and very special. Highly recommend!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|With the new changes confirmed by New York Times this morning I will not be purchasing this garbage. Adding a unintentionally hilarious new Krayt Dragon call, as well as NOOOOOOO! when Vader throws the Emperor to his death(ruining the emotional silence of Vader in the original cut) was the final insult that broke the dam. Also it appears that the \\"fixes to the lightsaber colors\\" is still not fixed like Lucasfilm was claiming. Thanks for saving me $90 Lucas you bloated hack.
1567184855|5.0|Great book with enormous insiight.  Every person who wonders should read this book.  I think it really tells us of a life after death.  A life of souls and their travels through time.  This book really made a believer out of me.    Bought this book from Amazon.com
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Age is a tough thing, we all know this and someday we will all suffer from it. But some aging artists go crazy faster than others. This is not always a bad thing when it comes to artists. Their craziness can make their \\"new\\" work fresh and challenging.    But what if a male artist lost all his mojo? What if age, increased estrogen levels and general senility caused him to go really bonkers?     How bonkers?    Say that Leonardo da Vinci decided to make improvements to the Mona Lisa decades after he painted it. Suppose he decided she should really have blond hair, or eyebrows, or a mustache, or show teeth?     That kind of craziness.     The kind of craziness that motivates a man to take a hammer to the face of \\"The Pieta.\\"     15 hammer blows to the face.    And this brings us to this Blu-Ray Star Wars collection and what Lucas has done in this latest installment of defacement.    Once again he has proven that it is still possible to take classics of film history and smash their faces.    Here are a few old blows to the face:    A CG Han solo head move so that Greedo can shoot first?  Yep, still there, still insane.    Boba Fett's great raspy voice replaced with Crocodile Dundee's?  Yep, still there, still insane.    The end of Return of the Jedi showing Yoda and Obi Wan as old men spirits but Anakin as a boy?  Yep, still there, still insane.    New blows:    In \\"Return,\\" as the emperor is killing Luke, Darth watches and considers the conflict within him between good and evil. This a classic silent body language moment where David Prowse conveys everything we need to know in his body language about this conflict. This is a pinnacle moment in the series played perfectly.    Here comes the Lucas hammer: Now Darth screams \\"Nooooo\\" like a whining Annakin brat two times before he throws the emperor to his death.    I screamed \\"nooooo\\" too as the hammer blow fell to this film!    Another new blow:    \\"Star Wars,\\" Luke has been knocked unconscious by sand people, Obi showsup on the scene and using the power of the force replicates the perfect scream of the desert dragon that the sand people fear. They run for their lives. A perfect scene. \\"Cut, print!\\"    Wait, here comes the Lucas hammer: No more force dragon scream, now Obi just yells like an asthmatic old man who fell down a sand dune.    I could go on but why???    Why should we buy this trash, why should we sit by and let Lucas take everything good and magic away?    Why does he keep doing this!?    Why!!??    In the end the best we can do is complain to the world and not give Jabba another penny.    Now I will go cry...
0062112430|4.0|I was hesitant to read this for two reasons. 1. I didn't like the cover (I know, you shouldn't judge a book by that, but I do sometimes) and 2. anytime a YA book deals with 'love' it can very easily slip into something hokey and unbelieveable.    As I read Delirum, I was pleased to learn that this book is far from the over the top, hokey YA love story. The characters were realistic and well rounded, the writing was beautiful and there was a lot of detail. I was over the moon enjoying this book until the last chapter(s).     SPOILERS: The reaction to Lena's escape was so over the top. The 'government' forces want to eliminate love in order to maintain peace in the cities (or at least that's a simplified explanation of how I read it). There are those who have escaped (or were born) in the wilds, who are not cured of the love disease, though the government doesn't want the population in the cities to know this. So I understand that Lena's escaping would create some problems and I understood why her family reacted so strongly to keeping her (tying her down, drugging her, chasing her through the house). After all, the honestly believe she is 'infected' and they will pay concequences for her escape. But WHY is the government so invested in preventing one girl's escape? Not only are there two regulators in her home watching her, but as soon as she escapes (on a motorcycle...really? Where does Alex get it and the gas to run it when gas is 'extrememly expensive' so much so that most people don't own cars anymore) hundreds of regulators appear (from where?) and chase them with cars, on foot, and even with a HELICOPTER. It was such an extreme reaction (both in the amount of attention she got and how fast it mobilized) to one person's escape.     SPOILERS AGAIN: And I HATE that Alex was left behind. At first I assumed he died (then I learned there's a sequel to this so hopefully he hasn't died) which annoyed me. I don't want to invest hundreds of pages of time only for them tobe seperated in the end. And the constant references to Romeo and Juliet (which did tip me off that this book wouldn't end well) also bothered me. I don't think books need to have happy endings, but this cliff-hanger type thing always bothers me. This isn't that extreme of a cliff-hanger (after all, you know where her mom is and where she is headed) but the having to wait a year to find out what how she's going to survive in a world she knows nothing about is troublesome.     I'm hoping that the things that bothered me are explained in the sequel, which I will probably read. I just hope the reason for the government reaction is more than just 'because the government wants to control all the citizens'. For me there needs to be more of a reason for the government's actions.
B004QK5N5W|5.0|The  connector worked as expected, was used the day it arrived to connet my iPad to the television and view a movie.  Delivery was on time and everything was in new condition.
1589795474|5.0|I love to read I always buy books at amazon,,I like this book.. Good book... and fast shipment..  :-)  Thank you!!! Amazon.
B005CMSDLE|5.0|Saoirse Ronan, of The Lovely Bones fame, was also in a really cool movie called Death Defying Acts, alongside Guy Pearce! This actress, is just amazing, She has such a wonderful way about her, Also she Narrated The Lovely Bones, to the point of perfection. I would have to agree with another reviewer, in that she is going to a Blockbuster type actress. She hasd burst onto the scene much in the same fashion as Kirstin Dunst (who mainly works in the Indie World, now-a-days)    This film, has great appeal, and a very good score, as well it is paced nicely, and is a worthy piece for a collection.
030788743X|5.0|This book is incredibly good. I'm not going to provide any sort of summary or insight, just emphasis you must read it. This is my first science fiction book and it will be hard for me to go back to anything else now. I read the book in 2 days because I could not put it down. I felt like I was in the scenes the entire time. Must read :)
B004XCUEXY|5.0|If you like David Grohl and the Foo Fighters you will enjoy this similar to VH1 Behind the Scenes documentary. It takes you from Post Nirvana up to the recording of present Day Wasting Light. I really enjoyed the whole thing. Very well done.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I cringe every time I think of that stupid extended song in Jaba's chambers, and I for one will never raise my kids on a Star Wars that has something that dumb in it.  It's not how I grew up, and it won't be how my kids will grow up.
0060555661|5.0|Excellent book describing the fundamentals of investing. It focuses on the principles of value investing rather than get-rich-quick shemes. This is for the reader who wants to understand the why behind a stock selection.
B00006RIO7|3.0|This is a soundtrack for a major motion picture from the twenty-first century. Because of this, it is not surprising to my that this CD does not feature the best performences of the music. However, that being said, many of the songs feature strong performences from Hollywood's top stars. I do enjoy Catherine Zeta-Jones doing \\"All That Jazz\\" and other on the soundtrack. Queen Latifah has a beautiful and powerful voice, although at some points it seems as if they tone it down. John C. Rilley is trained in musical theater, so we need not say any more on the subject. Now I come to Renee Zellweger and Richard Gere. Renee is perfect for the role of Roxie in many ways, in that she is as talentless as Roxie was supposed to be. On the subject of Gere, my mother (who saw the OBC back in the day) always walks out of the room whenever he begins to sing. Relatively speaking, The soundtrack is good, but only when comparing it to other soundtracks from this century. If you want truly the best performence of the music from Chicago, I recommend that you look at the OBC recording or the Boardway revival recording.
0143038419|5.0|Life changing... for the author, and myself.<br /><br />So many reviews have been written, so i'll keep mine short.  I havent seen the movie - i'm more of a book-reader than a movie-watcher.<br /><br />I loved this book.  People - if you are not self-absorbed, who WILL take care of you, focus on you, and be your best friend?  I am quite a bit older than middle age (middle age really is about 35, you know), and i know that there comes a point in life when you realize that you need to take charge of it.  To make it what you want it to be, obviously without hurting others if possible.  This is life - it has to be our choice to live it.<br /><br />I choose to live mine peacefully, while enjoying food, drink, love, and spirituality.  Material things mean truly nothing to me anymore, as does money.<br /><br />I am shocked that so many disliked this book.  I feel like they missed SO MUCH.  ~peace
B001DDBCUU|5.0|Loved the movie.  It is just wonderful fantasy and transports you to lifestyle I think many of us ladies wish we had.  Always loved the series and this was fun and entertaining.  The DVD was good quality, no problems.
B0000BWVCJ|5.0|THE DVD was great! It arrived before the expected arrival date.  Glad I got it. I would order from this company again.
B0038Z5T4Q|5.0|I enjoyed this movie and the quality of the DVD was excellent.  There was no stopping betweenframes which is very aggravating with a DVD and happens more often then one wants.  I would order again.
0307386171|1.0|I read Amsterdam (loved it) and Saturday (hated it) and chose \\"On Chesil Beach\\" to break the tie. The writing style is immediately recognizable as Ian McEwan's. Surely there are eloquent phrases and captivating descriptions. But the sentences are long-winded, the character observations ring clich, and the story line is not believable. The characters are the usual McEwan characters - upper class or aspirational middle class, very successful, or at the brink of success, but oh so tormented and unhappy. The story-telling is slow and the dnouement, written hastily, is anti-climactic. The story idea was interesting enough, but the end result left me unsatisfied.
B002ZG98Z0|5.0|I enjoyed this movie but the quality of the DVD left a lot to be desired.  At one point the movie just stops and you need to manually move the frame forward to get the movie to continue.  I was not pleased with the quality of this DVD and would have returned it if I hadn't already opened and played it.  I think there needs to be some mechanism in place to be able to return DVD's that do not meet the quality the customer expects.
0071762345|5.0|Great book loved it, a must read for anyone interested in Social Media. This has been a great help for my new business start-up.
B004JZBGWI|1.0|Great ap with one big exception!' Out and about in my car, I tried to access the &quot;List&quot; on my task bar (android 2.2 on Samsung Infuse). I received message  that I must be logged in to the Amazon Ap Store to access the ap. The message appeared in a large window over my list that made it, my list, impossible to read. I was not near wifi. How could I be logged in? Ap was worse than useless since it deprived me of my previous work when I needed it most.
B000YABYLA|2.0|This movie can boast some great elements, but it seems like they don't belong together in the same movie.  There's some simple but upbeat music, but none of it belongs in a movie riven by gut-wrenching crises.  There's many snappy lines by the lead, Ellen Page, but none of them seem to fit the moment in the movie (e.g., like I'm so sure that when admitting what's happened to her parents -- who up to this point aren't even aware that she's \\"sexually active\\" -- she'd be quipping that Bleeker had been so \\"good in chair.\\")  That just didn't strike me as reality.<br /><br />So heck.  If you take away the snappy dialogue and the fun movie, you're left with quite the forgettable script.  And I don't wanna hear people saying that Ellen Page is a great actress:  this role was totally easy!  She never had to invest in it, so to speak.  The only scene in which she really had to lay it ont he line was the crying scene in the car.  Big whup. The rest of the scenes she plays in a monotonously even tone that ends up nearly sabotaging the script:  because of her, there's no character arc to Juno!<br /><br />As for that guy who wants to play his guitar and live in a loft apartment!  You go!  Your t-shirt is awesome!  Forget that woman!  The world has enough babies.  What we need is more artists and dreamers.
0307887960|5.0|Other reviews have given a good overview of the book and the diet.  So, I'll give a first-hand report on my experience with the Dukan Diet.  I started the diet on July 18, 2011.  I lost 25 pounds on the Dukan Diet and am now (November 29) on Phase 3 - which is basically maintenance.  The weight came off at about 1.5-2 pounds a week.  Very healthy.  I was never, ever, EVER hungry.  If I got hungry - I had 100 foods to choose from in any amount at any time of day.  Why would I be hungry?  I never craved food - but then I don't normally eat tons of chips and sodas and carb filled junk - so I didn't have the withdrawal so many others report.  I'll admit that I missed wine with dinner and summer fruit .... but I got that back now in Phase 3 - it was a short term sacrifice for long term gain.  I don't know why others have reported feeling tired and awful - I had energy and have felt great following the diet.  The diet has been easy to follow.  In fact, I've felt kinda guilty to have lost 25 pounds so easily while others sweat and struggle to drop a few pounds.  Dukan's website is priceless.  On it, you answer several questions and he gives you a game-plan, complete with dates to start and end each phase.  That was helpful knowing I was doing without some foods for only so many weeks.  What sold me on the Dukan Diet was not just the diet - any diet can help you lose weight.  But the maintenance in Phase 3 and 4 was my deal breaker.  After losing the weight, he guides you in gradually adding back the carbs, sugars and other foods in such a way that your body doesn't over-react and gain the weight back.  The maintenance is what makes this diet unique and successful.  All around, I can recommend the diet - with reservations.  This is NOT a fad diet for all those who follow whatever the latest fad is.  This is a serious diet.  If you follow it, it works like a charm.  But, if you cheat, it won't work.  I tell everyone to get the book and READ IT before deciding to try the diet.  In the book, he doesn't just detail the diet, but discusses dieting in general and its effect on the body and important information every dieter needs to know.  After all, this is his profession - he's been counseling the morbidly obese for 35 years.  He probably knows a thing or two about dieting.  I look amazing.  Co-workers are jealous, family are starting the diet.  I honestly can't remember the last time I was this size (in college??)  I'm shopping for clothes because - frankly - I have to replace my entire wardrobe!  I'm shopping in the fashionable section of the store and putting on cute outfits.  Clothes shopping is fun for the first time in decades.  The day I was trying on a medium sweater and had to go back out on the floor to get a SMALL - that made those few weeks of tiny sacrifices worth it.  Note - I was wearing LARGE and X-Large just months ago.  Would I do the diet again?.....  Actually, with Dukan's plan - I'll never have to because Phase 4 of Dukan's Plan is instructions on keeping the weight off FOREVER!  I'll never be fat again.  Can I recommend the book?  If you REALLY want to lose the weight, and keep it off - and will follow the diet to the letter - ABSOLUTELY.  If fruit and chips and junk food mean more to you than looking hot and feeling great - skip it.  UPDATE - Janurary 31.  In a few weeks, I'll go to Phase 4 and will be off the diet.  I have kept the 25 pounds off for three months.... through Thanksgiving pie, pigging at Christmas, New Years Eve treats.  I can see how, with the simple rules in Phase 4, I'll be able to keep the weight off forever.  His plan is brilliant.  The Phase 3 maintenance is key.  If you really, REALLY, want to lose weight, and will follow the diet, this one works.
B001G0LBZ6|2.0|I am very happy with my purchase of the soundtrack to JUNO.  The music really is as fun and kooky as it seems like it's gonna be if you listen to the previews.<br /><br />My only regret is spending the extra money for the Deluxe version.  All the good songs are on the standard version.  To make a \\"deluxe\\" version they simply added a bunch of unmemorable duds and retakes to increase the number of songs.
0307346617|1.0|if i am not liking a book i will give it 100 pages before i move on. i could only get to page 57 in this book after three days of trying...the storylines were dull, there was no empathy with the characters.  since i am in the minority here i guess it is a pepsi/coke situation
0767817664|5.0|this film is coming to blu-ray through the specialty label Twilight Time in December it was just announced. It will be limited to 3000 copies and sold online at Screen Archives website only.
B003Y5H5FG|3.0|While I don't share the same enthusiasm as others when it comes to this film that doesn't mean that I didn't like it at all. I appreciate the fact that they tried something new, but I couldn't help but feel like I could have been watching any other vampire movie besides Fright Night. I am an 80's baby, so I grew up a big fan of this movie, and if it were left up to me personally I don't think they should have even bothered with a remake. Remakes only show how unoriginal and uncreative Hollywood has become. With that said, let's discuss what I didn't find interesting, and that's the angle they took with this Peter Vincent. While I appreciate that they tried to make him a modern day version of Roddy McDowell let's keep it real. This guy was more like a rock star than a vampire hunter, real or fake, in my own opinion. You barely see this guy besides on television, and when Charlie finally looks the guy up he does absolutely nothing besides run and hide until the end of this movie. The other Peter Vincent had a more active role in finding out about who Jerry Dandrige really was and helping Charlie defeat him even though he was afraid in the original film. I also have a slight problem with the \\"Evil Ed\\" they had this time around. Come on, how in the hell can they arrange it to where he finds out about Jerry before Charlie because he's been following Jerry around town with night vision goggles and camcorders. Is that the best they could come up with? That part was not believable to me that \\"Evil\\" would just know to follow Jerry because he is a vampire and then warn Charlie about it only to be bitten in practically the beginning of the movie. There was really no build up to that point, Ed just knew about Jerry, and it just is what it is I guess. Frankly, and it's just my opinion, but I don't think that part was thought out too well. On top of that, I guess they totally decided to axe Jerry's daytime companion and watchdog that was Jonathan Stark in the original movie. I really hate to be the person that only dewells on the original because I dislike it when other people tend to harp on that fact. Plus, it only makes it harder to accept the new characters and storylines, but by this being one of my favorites it was very important to me that it was done right, and in my opinion it fell short in certain areas. In the original film Charlie's curiosity and spying is what got him in hot water with Jerry.<br /><br />Now, let's discuss what I did find interesting, and that is I liked the brief Chris Sarandon cameo. I liked the fact that Charlie's mom played a bigger role in this film because you barely remember that she is a part of the story in the first film because her screen time and dialogue was very short. I also think that Colin Farrell made a worthy vampire because he was all about the killing. It's not secret that the man is extremely easy on the eyes, so the sexiness oozes from his pores without him even trying to be sexy, but I do think they tried to make him more terrifying than seductive which is rare for vampires these days. I sort of like the Amy better than Amanda Bearse this time around, but I couldn't help but think she didn't have a real role in this movie besides playing the hot piece of tail in this movie. The original Amy was more involved in the meat of the story than this chick.<br /><br />Overall, the movie did seem a bit rushed, but it was fun to watch. I think that if you don't the mistake of doing what I did, and that was constantly trying to see some type of resemblance to the first film then you will like it.
B000R7I3LY|5.0|The cd came very quickly just as was promised and in perfect condition! I really appreciate the punctuality and thoroughness.
B000FFJYCU|3.0|One of the big complaints leveled against films like Transformers and Cowboys & Aliens is that so much intelligence and artistry goes into programming the computers that spit out the CG images, none appears to be left for the script. The result, many critics say, is that we're left with compelling special effects sequences attached to a lot of bad dialogue and clunky plots. Not like in the good old days when Hollywood cared about plot, character and dialogue, right? Uh, no.    In the pre-Star Wars days the word studios and filmmakers used instead of CGI or special effects was \\"spectacle.\\" And spectacle meant you were going to get hordes of extras, exotic locales, and big, long, complicated action sequences. Lawrence of Arabia is probably the definitive spectacle film in the same way that Avatar is the ultimate (for now) special effects film. Grand Prix was one of the big spectacle films of its time.    I have only previously seen Grand Prix on TV, and that was in b&w and over twenty years ago. After just seeing it on DVD on a big screen I'd have to say it counts as the Transformers of its day. The spectacle part is truly spectacular. The story follows four different drivers over the course of one Formula One season, and along the way John Frankenheimer, the director, stages four races that are definitive in their excellence. If you set out today to film a Formula One race, even using all the latest technology, it's impossible to imagine doing a better job than Frankenheimer did. The pacing, the camerawork, the editing, it's all perfect.    But now we come to the other half of the equation: that part of the script that's not devoted to vroom-vroom. It's godawful. Away from the track our drivers, played by James Garner, Yves Montand, Brian Bedford, and Antonio Sabato, find themselves in romantic entanglements with three women, played by Jessica Walter, Eva Marie Saint and Francoise Hardy. Note the disparity in numbers. This is because Garner and Bedford find themselves fighting for the affections of Jessica Walter. Each romantic sub-plot is worse than the next, and they go on and on and on. Montand and Eva Marie Saint have the dullest extramarital affair in history, and Sabato and Hardy, neither of whom appear to speak English, have a romance that feels like a role-playing exercise in an ESL class.    Not only is the romantic stuff rancid, it's not even filmed with any technical competence. Some of the interior sequences are harshly lit, and camera shadows are plainly visible in more than a few shots. I strongly suspect that Frankenheimer, exhausted or otherwise occupied by planning the race sequences, handed off these scenes to a second unit director. At least I'd like to believe that, because Frankenheimer was normally just as good at directing non-action sequences. So next time you hear someone say that CGI is killing storytelling, bear in mind that Hollywood has always sacrificed story for spectacle. Most of the toga epics of the 1950s and early '60s (think Cleopatra, Ben-Hur) were just as empty-headed and spectacular as The Green Lantern or Battle Los Angeles.    Read more of my reviews at JettisonCocoon dot com.
0439023521|5.0|Loved the quality of the book. The book is amazing couldn't put it down. When I finished it I went straight to my amazon to order Catching Fire(the second book) and was extremely thankfull that amazon delivers fast so I am reading the second book now.  VERY SATISFIED!!!
B004O4K4SQ|5.0|This game takes elements from Galaga and Asteroid, while adding the upgrade mechanic of modern games. Very well designed game that can be played for hours on my Samsung galaxy s with minimal drain on the battery.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|By now, you're probably aware of the tinkering George Lucas has done with this new set. With one of these new changes (the 'Noooooo' added to the climax of Return of the Jedi) he has destroyed the dramatic impact of one of the most iconic scenes in American film history. This is embarrassing. What a waste of a release. I won't even get into the other changes, because that change is enough for a 1-star review.
B003WTE886|5.0|Cd came to me very quick/fast and was in very good shape! Thank you, would buy from you anytime! Thank you
B004EPYZU8|5.0|Nice visual effect and superb sountrack. The sroty is vague which you have to interpret the ending yourself. I like the movies that get me thinking after see them.
B00005JPNY|5.0|I loved this two widescree edition. This stories in the text is about God.<br /> I like any series like this,Naudia was another
B005DD7H50|4.0|Bradley Cooper!!  Okay, the story was interesting.  Almost too long but they got away with it.  Would have been disappointed if we paid movie theater fees but for a rental, we liked it!
0321356683|5.0|In this book you can read advanced aspects about java programming. Is a great help to write java code efficent and free of platform mistakes.
B002QW7ALM|4.0|A new colony for humans in space runs awry. The people are turning into highly evolved animals. Super strengthened creatures meet and eat newly awakening flight crews in space. The puzzle is who is who. The commander isn't who he says he is, nor is the man he rescues. Good, could have been better.
B00003CXCT|5.0|Why did they add Hayden Christensen to ending of Return of the Jedi?  Vader did redeem himself before he died.  It was appropriate to show him older in the original movie.  They did not need to add Hayden Christensen.  But since they did why not also add Ewan McGregor and Liam Neeson.
B0050PYNN0|1.0|good potential....done in by its extreme crudity. In my opinion extreme language and crudity are attempts at cheap humor and is not funny. This movie fails in so many ways.
0545259088|4.0|See more reviews on my blog: [...]<br /><br />I adored Shiver and Linger, the first two book Wolves of Mercy Falls series, and I've been looking forward to reading Forever for awhile. Only, I didn't love Forever the way I did the previous two and I can't exactly explain why. It might be because I tend to like the first few books in a series way more than I like the last one. That aside, Forever seemed to lack the magic, the je ne sais quoi, that had made me swoon over the first two.<br /><br />So what was it that I didn't like? Hmmm. It wasn't the writing. No, Stiefvater's prose were as eloquent as always and the tone continued to be distinctly bittersweet with a hint of melancholy. The characters were their usual selves. Sam was a poetic, loyal, and charming boyfriend while Grace remained cute, smart, and independent. Their roles were reversed this time and it was interesting to see the difference in their perspectives.  Isabel and Cole were the same, fickle and snarky, yet at times redeemable.  Nothing changed there. The overall story was good and intriguing. I honestly can't think of any other way it could have gone.<br /><br />Maybe I didn't like the way the story told. It started off slow and then seemed to drag a little. I felt generally unhappy while reading it.  If there were moments of happiness they were quickly ushered out to be replaced by serious, sad ones. Don't get me wrong, I don't expect everything in a book to be happy and perfect all the time but I missed having moments that made me smile or laugh. There were some of those moments, but they were rare and I can't think of any off the top of my head. The ending also lacked luster and things didn't feel wrapped up.<br /><br />If you have read the first two books in the series, you definitely should read Forever.  I recommend rereading parts or all of Linger before reading Forever. I wish that I had.  I still gave Forever four stars because I still liked it. The overall story was good and as usual it was very well written. I love Maggie Stiefvater and it pains me to say anything negative about her stories but I was really hoping for a lot more.ggie Stiefvater and it pains me to say anything negative about her stories but I was really hoping for a lot more.
B002RKS3Z0|5.0|I read this book months ago and am still occasionally creeped out by the thought of The King in Yellow. A very well written and subtly creepy set of stories (though not all are \\"horror\\" stories) I cannot recommend it enough.
034552554X|5.0|I had heard this book was a good one and waited four months for its release.  It was worth the wait! Victoria Jones entered the foster care system as a baby and lived with many different families and in several group homes. She sabotaged the ones that did not do it to themselves.  One home made a lasting impression on her.  She also made a lasting impression on the family.      In Victorian times, flowers were given to convey messages that could not be spoken - the language of flowers.  Victoria Jones learned parts of this language as a child and continued to educate herself.  Through this language, she was able to communicate, grow, and help others to examine themselves and their relationships.          It was sad to read about the many homes she was in and her desire to belong and be loved.  This book reminds us of the unconditional love we give and receive and how we can all \\"grow, even without roots\\".
B000E33VWW|5.0|Capote is one of the best films I have ever seen.  As a Senior in High School the name Truman Capote never came up in class but I had heard the name from my parents.  Of course I should have heard the name because of Breakfast at Tiffany's (another favorite Novella and Film of mine).  But this film which follows him writing In Cold Blood was just very well done.  From the actors to the director the scenes it is just magic.  This is a fabulous introduction to Truman Capote and is a great supplement to the biography by Gerald Clarke that it is based on.
B00511ONPG|4.0|Good content but insufferably ageist. To the author  &#34;old&#34; automatically meant &#34;tired&#34; and &#34;young&#34; was inevitably followed by&#34;innovative&#34;.What a narrow college experience he must have had!
B00006AUIG|5.0|I used to live in Massachusetts and drove by Danvers State Hospital sometimes, And i knew the history of the place listening to other people, I was surprised they made a movie of the Hospital. I was even more excited when i watched it one night years ago, I will tell you, I have seen horror movies and i have seen horror movies, But watching \\"Session 9\\" was the most on the edge of my seat horror movie i have ever seen... I Forgot the name of it but remembered some parts and thanks to a good friend she reminded me of the movie, And the one part that i will never forget...Thanks to her i will be out to purchase the DVD to  add to my collection...Thank You for a great movie.....
0670022411|2.0|...because this book is, quite simply, NOT THAT GOOD.  It makes me sad for the world that this book, which I toss in the same heap as Stephanie Meyer's Twilight series, gets such rave reviews.  Either all the people who gave this book 5 stars have zero literary taste, or they were paid.
0553386794|5.0|This book is a great in depth fantasy reading. After reading Lord of the Rings, I delved into this one and found it such a pleasure and delight because it was much easier to read.
B00274EYKY|5.0|Let me just say that my entire life I have always HATED wrestling, I watched this movie, I still hate it. It's not a movie that will try to persuade you into liking something. It's 100% about the character and not his career. I bought it literally because Darren Aronofsky directed it. I didn't think it would be as good as it is. I didn't think I'd be able to look past the whole wrestling thing, but The Wrestler really is an incredible piece of art and everybody should see this.
B004EPZ07U|5.0|Did you ever get the feeling that the majority of film critics are just amazingly cynical and bitter? That's the impression I've been getting ever since \\"Green Lantern\\" came out and was just about universally panned. I really don't think that they were watching the same movie that I was.  \\"Green Lantern\\" is a flat-out fun movie, especially if you haven't gotten so jaded that you've lost touch with your inner sense of wonder. The scenes where Hal is learning to fly - come on! Who hasn't ever dreamed of such a thing and who wouldn't react with the outright glee that he shows?  The special effects were terrific. The vast number of alien Green Lanterns, the power ring energy constructs, the space scenes - all were done exceptionally well. I saw the 3D version and I'm glad I did. The opening sequences had me wanting to reach out to \\"touch the shiny!\\" :)  Ryan Reynolds did a fantastic job of portraying Hal Jordan. He brought a perfect blend of test pilot cockiness and sense of humor, along with a good dose of humility and self-doubt.  I've already got the blu-ray version marked down on my \\"must buy\\" list. As soon as this comes out, I'm going to be whipping up a batch of popcorn and kicking back to enjoy a fun, highly enjoyable movie.  If you're looking for something gritty like Watchmen or Batman Begins, move along. Green Lantern is a fun popcorn movie with great special f/x and good casting. Come on, it's a movie about galactic space cops! With bordering-on-magical power rings!! And giant, nasty, world-devouring space monsters!!! So what if it's not going to win an Oscar for acting or storyline, it's a flat-out fun movie. Do yourself a favor and snag a copy. It'll be worth it.
1612130283|5.0|I love this story and I have to admit when I first started reading it I was shocked at some of the content, but that did not last long. The story is really well done and it's not just all about the hot sex, which is really awesome, but it all ties in together, with this story of two people from two very differnt worlds who have to learn a great deal about themselves on this journey. I know this is kind of a \\"vanilla\\" review, but you have to dive into the book yourself and be willing to take a hot, sexy walk on the wild side while falling in love with these characters while they both learn more about themselves then they ever dreamed possible.   peep68
B004YXE438|4.0|This is a great game for killing a few minutes when bored. I love that I can download my own pix and use them to create puzzles meaning the number of puzzles is endless and never gets old.  The only thing that keeps me from rating it 5 stars is that I wish it would not stretch the pictures out of their native aspect ratio as this makes some pix look rather odd.  Either make the photos as large as necessary to fit the screen while maintaining proper aspect ratios or allow you to crop the photo to the correct size in-game before starting the puzzle.
B00318COS4|5.0|Pros: This little gem of a game is a neat little point-and-click adventure done in such a beautiful fashion. You'll come across many colorful characters along your journey to rescue your beloved and encounter many challenging puzzles. Highly polished with detailed level design and fun characters. If you are not familiar with the genre, this is definitely the game to start off with.<br /><br />Cons: At times, the game will become frustrating as you try to navigate from one scene to the next. You may have to backtrack very often if you cannot figure out what to do next, since the solution may be very obscure at first. Be sure not to wear out your mouse from clicking like a madman to find that next step!
B000002BQK|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo1UK5FT9N6QE7R]]
B000002UTY|3.0|QMS has certainly gotten the short end of the stick from Capitol.  This classic band's first two albums deserve to be remastered from the orginal tapes and presented in their full glory.  Happy Trails is a five star album, but the sound of this CD is two star.  This is a disgrace.  They deserve better.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|Finally, what we all Daria fans hoped for years, the complete animated series on DVD. All the episodes plus the movies 'Is it fall yet?' and 'Is it college yet?'. Just what I needed!
B000001DYA|3.0|I love this album.  It has, for 30 years, been one of my favorite mental purgatives.  It purifies the mind by flushing it out with its blistering cacauphony.  Unfortunately, This release sounds about as bad as a cheap casette.  Hasn't Phillips made enough money off of these guys since 1968 to maybe, just maybe, consider remastering this proto-grunge metal classic from the orginal tapes?  If you can find it, the import version on Akarma is significantly better, though not as good as a thorough re-working from the orginal masters could be.  Same goes for Outside/Inside and New & Improved.
B004I654WQ|3.0|Product is excelent but at least the blue ray lacks other different languages than English. If you are expecting to see this movie in your mother language, like Spanish, don't buy it.
B003X2O6KW|5.0|I bought this cd for my boyfriend and he loves it. I was expecting it to get there in two days but it came a day earlier which worked out great. Fast service and great product. Will definitely purchase from amazon again.
B0012GMV58|5.0|This is one of my favorite Santana albums, though it is almost as much a Devadip Carlos Santana album as it is a Santana album. It does have some classic Santana latin rock songs (argueably some of his best), but it also contains some great fusion-style songs too. My favorites are \\"When I Look Into Your Eyes\\" and the title track \\"Welcome\\". This album should be in every Santana fan's collection.
B002TZ3FE2|4.0|The predominant environment of this novel is enveloped by the mud and by a sad autobiography of a child with a father interested predominantly in its works and an absent mother.<br /><br />The main character are Cordelia, a cruel friend  and a Cat's eye as a perfect surrogate of her parents.<br /><br />Cheers<br /><br />Italo
B000007VCO|5.0|This album is the apex of Carlos Santana's fusion (also called jazz-rock) era. , It was also recorded at the height of his facination with the philosophy of Sri Chinmoy. This album is full of etherial, spiritual songs and biting fusion songs, all of which are filled with Santana's fantastic guitar playing. My favorite songs are \\"Life Is Just A Passing Parade\\", \\"I Am Free\\" and \\"Song For Devadip\\", but the entire album is great. This is by far my favorite album by Carlos Santana, which is saying a lot, given that I really like everything he has put out. It is well worth adding to one's music collection.
B002N5N5QQ|5.0|Great show!<br />Ordering on Amazon made things SO easy and the product was received faster than expected in brand-new condition.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This book kept me up all night. The main character, Katniss, is a likable girl whose life experiences make her cynical, yet inventive. Collins creates a terrible world full of great characters (I really love Haymitch) and interesting creatures. This book is a great break from the teeny-bopper vampire love triangle books that seem to surface everywhere.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Obviously we are all upset about the never ending changes to the Original Star Wars trilogy, but here's the reailty we have to live with:     - George Lucas is never going to release the original theatrical versions on bluray because he thinks they are flawed.   - The next Star Wars release will be a bluray 3D version with all previous changes.   - The best original theatrical version is the DVD set from 2008.   - Lucas Films is not going to re-scan the original film negatives because all of their color correction work would be lost.    Now, here's my opinion:     - George Lucas has fallen into the trap of perfectionism (trying to improve something that already works).   - The prequel trilogy is not the best because he focused on the visuals, not the actual story/characters/dialogue/acting.    My recommendation:     - I would buy the original theatrical versions from the 2008 set (episodes 4-6) because I would enjoy watching them more than a high definition altered version.   - I would buy the bluray set of episodes 1-3 because those movies are mostly eye-candy action movies anyway.
B000026OHN|5.0|I can relate to this music in so many ways! Now amazon.com wants me to add more words to my review, and that's the only purpose of the second sentence.
B000AMU0XA|2.0|I purchased this CD mainly for the song \\"Relax.\\"  The problem is, this version of \\"Relax\\" isn't the one I wanted.  I listened to the sampler of this song, but it was too short for me to be sure it was the song I wanted.  After all, I didn't know that there were two versions of \\"Relax.\\"  The version I wanted is the one on \\"Bang: Greatest Hits.\\"
B0054N73EY|3.0|The new Chili's cd is nothing great imo, but I do agree with some of the other posters here that John is really missed..The cd for me is a bit to mellow, and nothing stands out to me on this one..SORRY
B003NHRIVQ|5.0|I loved this movie. It was better than I hoped for. It arrived in great condition. It is a movie to remember.
B0055EDBIE|2.0|I think Lenny tryes to make to many radio freindly songs...He just needs to rock..Stop with the pop stuff already..
0375507256|2.0|Several friends whose taste I trust recommended Cloud Atlas, so I read it with some anticipation. For sure, it has style. It's clever. David Mitchell pulls off an impressive act of literary ventriloquism, writing six nested novellas in six different and entirely convincing styles. There is historical fiction, literary fiction, a cheap plot-driven thriller, a comedy caper, some derivative sci-fi and a post apocalyptic Hawaii story that is all Mitchell's own. But beyond the stylistic gimmick, I found the book empty. The cleverness is fun for a while, but not enough to carry a novel. All the bits and pieces of novellas seem to add up to nothing.  I was particularly annoyed by \\"The Luisa Rey Mystery\\", the plot-driven thriller. The writing in this section is dire. Of course, that's the point. Mitchell places it directly after \\"Letters from Zedelghem\\", a beautifully written section where all his talents are on display. So it's a joke. Great. But you still have to read your way through 80 pages of this joke. I had similar feelings about some of the other novellas. The joke wears off long before the story ends and you're left reading your way through a tedious derivative bit of nonsense.  If you want good metafiction, try Italo Calvino 's \\"If on a Winter's Night a Traveller\\" - a much more satisfying and amusing literary trickery.
B002ZG99QS|5.0|I bought this as a gift for my brother, and he is loving it, gives himself \\"movie weekend\\" and watches it each weekend, along with WALL-E, which he also received.  But, as we also have it for ourselves (both DVD and Blu-Ray), I'll give it the review also.<br /><br />This is a very enjoyable movie, from the special effects AND the storyline.  We have no problems following the story and the \\"inside\\" jokes or references (\\"Dumont\\" on Sam's container home, \\"Now, that's a really big door,\\" upon entering Encom, etc.) We are longtime Tron fans with the original movie, and the initial foundation is well supported with this sequel.  We are also the geek family, and one of artists too, so this movie is just an all-around joy for us!<br /><br />A clean story line also, refreshingly so, as we are recognizing that Disney seems to think it needs to venture into the \\"mature?\\" themes more than it had historically.  For that alone, it is an excellent choice.<br /><br />The soundtrack by Daft Punk is perfect for this, and just plain enjoyable to listen to constantly.  Orchestral back-up and blending makes it a full experience.  An excellent combination of imagery and sound, the perfect choice for this type of adventure!<br /><br />Wondering what the next installment will provide as we know they are working on another movie...we're looking forward to it!
B0052ZQMLO|5.0|Perfect tool to read a german text when you re not completely fluent in german.   Works also with newspapers.  Easy to set up as primary dictionary.   Wish I could have the French/German one but, well, as long as the Kindle is not friendly with french people...
B000UPSKO8|2.0|\\"A Gala From Baden-Baden\\"<br /><br />The singers in this concert are<br />So fing arrogant!<br />Huggy, huggy!  Curl your lips<br />And keep your noses up!<br />Their voices aren't that wonderful,<br />Subtle and subdued,<br />Gentle, warm and peaceful<br />And inaudible.<br />After every number<br />The conductor turns around<br />And claps his hands.  The singer smiles.<br />The orchestra applauds.<br />This is all so nauseous!<br />Did they all take lessons<br />From Callas in unqualified conceit?<br />The women show their bbies<br />And the men are dipped in grease!<br /><br />I just threw the DVD in the garbage.  Had enough of Netrebko singing \\"Casta Diva\\" badly, kissing the conductor, then slouching and smiling a crooked smile at the roaring audience as though she had talent.  Could she mop floors any better than she can sing?  I've had enough of ALL of them!  America - the land of philistines.  Europe - a lot of historical stuffed shirts!  The British think they're being good when actually they're just uncomfortable.  Shaw (an honest man who was not executed or imprisoned) said something like that.<br /><br />One star because I love the male friendship duet from \\"Don Carlo\\" no matter who sings it, or how badly.
B004GYY714|5.0|This app is kick ass.  You can listen to the local stations or choose the music you like by genre.
B003A4IFGY|4.0|This is an excellent album. It doesn't seem to be very popular with fans and I think it's that \\"I didn't get more of what I liked on my favorite Tom Petty album\\" syndrome. Though there are times when the band sounds a little tired and forced as in the lumbering blues number TAKIN' MY TIME and SOMETHING GOOD COMING, for the most part this is a great album. It is more Led Zeppelin than byrds and less beatles than the Last DJ was. They self-consciously decided to do a blues-based album and they mostly succeeded. The album is very bluesy without losing that TP&H touch. Some songs are downright blues numbers, like JEFFERSON JERICHO BLUES, LOVER'S TOUCH and GOOD ENOUGH, but overall the blues is a strong influence rather than the predominant factor. Many of these songs are some of their most experimental and original numbers such as FIRST FLASH OF FREEDOM and THE TRIP TO PIRATE'S COVE. In places they sound like Steely Dan's country cousin coming to visit as in RUNNING MAN'S BIBLE and CANDY. What really got me into this album is what seems like a return to writing songs in general. They have a very varied palate here that flows together well. None of the influences present overwhelm the album and it's a very good listen from start to finish except for TAKIN' MY TIME. SOMETHING GOOD COMING is repetitive but I think it was meant that way to underscore the nostalgia and emotional content; still, it doesn't work for me.<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br /><br />Highlights:<br />RUNNING MAN'S BIBLE<br />CANDY<br />NO REASON TO CRY<br />I SHOULD'VE KNOWN IT<br />LET YOURSELF GO<br />DON'T PULL ME OVER<br />HIGH IN THE MORNING<br /><br />Downright Classics:<br />FIRST FLASH OF FREEDOM<br />THE TRIP TO PIRATE'S COVE<br />LOVER'S TOUCH<br />GOOD ENOUGH
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Not only are the original versions not included (as expected), but more changes have been made, further altering even the special editions.  Please send Lucasfilm a message that there is an audience for the original versions and that no changes are necessary.  Vote with your pocketbook.  These are not the Star Wars movies you remember.
B0054N73EY|4.0|Listening to this reminds me of how Metallica used to turn down Jason Newstead's bass. I feel the same about most of the guitar on this album. It's there somewhere just not out in front like it used to be. Maybe that's a good thing... Maybe they're not pushing the new guy out in front just yet, just letting him build up to it.     All negativity aside I think it's actually a pretty good album. Rather than one person or instrument overshadowing the others most of the songs have everyone working together and coming up with some polished and sweet grooves. I'm With You isn't the all encompassing Stadium Arcadium but not quite the super serious almost boring By The Way. It falls somewhere in between. To me there aren't any real standout singles (thank God) it's just nice melding of songs - an actual album which most bands these days can't pull off. I'm With You is with me... In my CD player non stop since I got a hold of it.
1594744769|5.0|I am the type of reader that will read half a book and then not touch it for months to years. I came upon this book accidently, and I am so glad I did. The book is very well written, it keeps  your interest and never slows down. I find myself in the story with them, living all the moments loving and scary moments they are living. It has taken me less than a week to finish, and for me that is fast. I couldn't put it down and now I will be looking into Ransom Riggs other books. I am going to give it to my 12 year old to read and have told many people about it. Love the fact that they offer pictures to go along. Most of them are exactly what I was picturing in my head. Looking forward to other Riggs books.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|When I heard that Lucas had inserted \\"No\\" (TWICE, no less) into the climactic scene of RETURN OF THE JEDI, my reaction of disbelief was instantly replaced with the sad realization that yes, clueless Uncle George would actually do such a thing to a wonderfully underplayed scene.    Send George Lucas a message and stop buying his crap.    Long live the ORIGINAL original trilogy.
B0015AARJI|5.0|I have had greate moments playing my favorits games with my friends (4 at the time), I widly recoment this item,
B0034G4P80|5.0|There is no need to rehash what the movie is about since so many have done a great job in retelling the storyline. There are always naysayers who have to pick apart perfectly good movies. I am not a fan of comic books nor have I ever read one of them. I am a fan of mythology and especially Norse so I found the movie very entertaining.  The acting was excellent and believable. Chris Hemsworth made the film. He was perfectly cast in my opinion.  The actor who played Loki was excellent as well.  Each of the actors actually did a great job. Nothing can be taken and adapted and be exactly like the source.  The motion picture is a unique medium in its own right. I felt all the special effects were awesome. I liked the way they flashed back to see why Thor fell to Earth. It was a good touch. I caught the in jokes in the movie and it wasn't from reading comic books.    I have probably watched this movie six times now and it is one of the best superhero movies I have ever seen. I have seen many and series with them as well since I am an older woman. I found it a breath of fresh air that the movie was more than a lot of fast action sequences and battles, yet you do get your fill. It made the story more plausible that even though some of the characters were referred to as gods and had super powers,the characters and their actions felt realistic and that they had feelings and emotions beyond \\"look at me and kneel to me,\\" which was how Thor first acted with his arrogance when he arrived on Earth. In the end, he learned humility and self-sacrifice, which was predictable but would have caused the movie to fall flat without it.  The theme itself is nothing new but there isn't much new to put in films, so that leaves the way it is presented and the actor portraying the part.  They raised him above a mere brute with powers to a god who gains insight into what it means to care about others without expecting anything in return. The romance issue was very subtle and well portrayed. I thought it was excellent and I have pre-ordered the movie and can hardly wait until the sequel comes out and yes, there is going to be a sequel because despite what some said they are making a Thor 2 because this movie was very successful. It is a good, solid, fun, fantasy movie.
B003V6L94Q|5.0|Great CD! My husband and I have enjoyed listening to this in the afternoons when we are relaxing from a hard days work. Very talented group that will continue to put out good music for years to come!
0345529057|3.0|WHY WOULD YOU SELL A BOXED SET UNLESS IT WAS COMPLETE?! Don't get me wrong, the books are a good read, but I bought the set thinking it was complete, I am so disappointed.
B003ZSJ212|2.0|Reluctantly I've cancelled my pre-order on this.    Adding more unnecessary changes to the classic trilogy (\\"Nooo!\\", Ben's scream, Sebulba at Jabbas palace, pointless zooms, etc.), but not taking any efforts to fix the things that would be worth fixing (messed up color-timing since 2004, inconsistent lightsaber colors, garbage mattes much too prominently visible since the messed up 2004 color-timing changes, ...) is as weak as Lucasfilm could get with this.    All this stuff wouldn't matter if there were nice HD-transfers of the unchanged original trilogy, but instead of doing this, the trilogy just gets altered into an incredible joke that was once the greates sci-fi saga of all time.    The extensive extras deserve two stars, but those alone aren't worth 90 bucks to me. It's sad to see what has become of Star Wars.
0553801473|2.0|George Martin has officially entered Robert Jordan territory.  That is all.<br /><br />As an aside, why is it that artists constantly lose their way and lose sight of what makes them great in the first place.  I realize good material comes in tiny drips, but to just word-vomit onto the page is worse than being overly careful about what you put on the page (not to mention how many years Martin had for this book).<br /><br />Guns n Roses made one of the best rock n roll albums of all time in \\"Appetite for Destruction\\" and then implode.<br /><br />Chuck Palahniuk's work is no longer recognizable.<br /><br />Alexandra Nechita doesn't paint like she used to.<br /><br />Steven Speilberg hasn't produced a top shelf film since Private Ryan.<br /><br />George Martin started this series with true greatness.  The first two books were stunningly good, as good or better and unique as ANYTHING in all of fantasy.  For this reason, I put him in the artist category, well above the standard writer-for-a-living category.  With that comes lots of money and lots of expectation.  I don't know whether to attribute his loss of compass and inability to steer the story to the typical steep drop we see in artists or if he's felt the pressure and just can't do it anymore.  I mean, I feel like this is the \\"Chinese Democracy\\" of books.<br /><br />Gonna have to listen to some Tool to re-establish the equilibrium.  There are still some things in the art world I can count on.
0812550706|5.0|Before I say anything else, I just want to put out there that I've heard enough about Orson Scott Card to know I do not like the man. However, this is not a review on the man, this is a review on the book. I read the book without thinking of who the author was and so will I review it. Now, on the the point:    I just finished this book about five minutes ago, and decided I would not be able to shake it from my mind quickly. So I came onto amazon to browse through the reviews. I read a few 1 star ratings, and a few 5 star ones. Obviously, I agreed with the later, but let me go on to explain why.    This is an intense book. It is not a happy book. Everything that happens, everything that is said and done in this book has a meaning. The characters, every single one of them except maybe a few children, have the same goal: to save the entirety of the human race.    Long before the events of this book, Earth was attacked by an alien species of bug-like creatures that were dubbed buggers. Two wars were fought and humans live in fear of the third war. So, it was decided that they would take all the genius children in the world and train them to be commanders and fighters for the next war.    They attach these machines to some children to monitor their behavior and feelings to determine who has the ability to lead. If they pass, at the age of six, they are taken to the battle-school for practice fighting together in mock-battles.     Ender is one of these children, deemed the most likely to succeed based on the ratings of his older brother and sister. He is pushed harder than anyone else as the commanders of the battle school stack all events against the boy so that he will become the best weapon they have in their upcoming battle against mankind's most dangerous enemy.    I will repeat, this is not a happy book. It is filled with death and despair and regret so poignant I know it will be years before I pick up the book again. It is the story of a pacifist forced into battles and a war he didn't want to fight. Still, this is a story that will stick with you. I feel that long after I forget the exact plot and events in this book, the feeling it gives me will stick with me. Not all is as it seems. Yesterday's enemies are still people and perhaps all you have to do is understand them. Mistakes will be made, and we will have to live with them. However, if we try to understand each other first, if we work for it, we might be able to stop them from happening. Maybe, if we forgive each other and try a little harder to understand one another, we can just live and let live.     Those are the messages I take from this book. It is a book of mistakes that led to disaster, but through it, we can realize what needs to be done to avoid disaster. It is this message I don't think that the people who gave one star reviews understand. This is the point of the book. Not the abuse or \\"use any means\\" themes. Those were the mistakes.    I would like to just add that since it is a dark book, it's not a kids' book. It was a really quick and easy read for me (19), and it would definitely have been well within my ability to read it nine, ten years ago. However, the content is designed, I feel, for an older audience, maybe around 15 or so. Of course, any one over that age could read it and probably get something out of it, and I definitely plan on reading the sequels at some point. Thanks to anyone who read this review, I hope it was helpful and that you decide to pick up the book for yourself. It is definitely worth the read.
B0054N73EY|5.0|I've been a Chili Pepper fan for 20 years (whoa--Blood Sugar Sex Magik came out 20 years ago!) and have never been disappointed by any of their albums that Rick Rubin has produced. Flea's bass is astonishing (particularly on Brendan's Death Song) and Kiedis' lyrics are as deep, insightful, and poetic as they've ever been. 5 Stars all the way!!!
0553386794|4.0|My Seven Kingdoms for a Glossary!!  My dictionary is insufficient.  I need a glossary for so many invented words from Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire.
0312857063|5.0|I actually received this book before it said it was to be shipped online. :) it's exactly how a \\"very good\\" condition book should be; it's in great shape. the dust cover even has an additional plastic cover around it for protection! overall, very happy with this supplier!
B001AQT0OU|5.0|Fast shipment on this gorgeous movie offered at the most reasonable price of all vendors here on Amazon.  Very pleased with the price and level of service.
B00005JNS0|4.0|I don't know about you but when I think of Pixar's \\"classics\\" rarely is Cars the first to come to mind.  The Toy Story(s) perhaps, Monsters Inc. maybe, even Finding Nemo for those so inclined and yet it took a under-whelming sequel followed by a revisit to the DVD I thought I knew well to realize that the first Cars is the epitome of all that Pixar has come to mean to modern animation.<br /><br />In the event that you've been living in a cave these past six years, Cars tells of a racecar sidetracked by fate on his way to The Big Race in California.  Lightning McQueen (voiced by Owen Wilson), a brash NASCAR rookie who unwittingly gets lost and ends up in Radiator Springs, an almost-ghost town and former hot spot along historic Route 66, now ignored by tourists and travelers alike, thanks to the superhighway that bypasses the town.<br /><br />In the process of arriving, McQueen inadvertently tears up the asphalt of Main Street.  He gets arrested and is sentenced, against will and ego, to repave the damaged street.<br /><br />While paying his debt to society, McQueen encounters a 1951 Hudson Hornet, a rusty but lovable tow truck, a hippy 1960 VW bus, a classy but confident Porsche and a herd of tractors prone to tipping over and fluctuating exhaust fumes out of fright.<br /><br />The racing action certainly gets its due to be sure and kids have proven that a ragtag group of vehicles with eyes behind their windshields works just fine as toys, school folders, and backpacks.  But it is John Lasseter's underlying message that couldn't be clearer here: Pay attention to what matters: family, friends, true love, and it doesn't hurt to appreciate cars either.<br /><br />NASCAR-fans had much to celebrate, as did car-racing aficionados of all disciplines for that matter but it's the nostalgia of society's collective switch in thinking (from the scenery of iconic Route 66 being traded for the efficiency of the superhighway) that I found most prolific this time around.<br /><br />Even though 2006 might as well be eons ago in the ever-advancing world of computer animating technology, the visuals in Cars still manage to impress (especially in high-definition); a fact perhaps further enhanced by the abundance of heart within the prose.<br /><br />In all, and contrary to the trend that Pixar just continues to outdo itself in each subsequent effort, it is almost ironic that having watched the lackluster sequel in the theater led me back to the original and of course to rediscovering the charms that separate the good films from the great ones.e ever-advancing world of computer animating technology, the visuals in Cars still manage to impress (especially in high-definition); a fact perhaps further enhanced by the abundance of heart within the prose.    In all, and contrary to the trend that Pixar just continues to outdo itself in each subsequent effort, it is almost ironic that having watched the lackluster sequel in the theater led me back to the original and of course to rediscovering the charms that separate the good films from the great ones.
B002LE8EFQ|5.0|Good pricing and fast delivery!  Love this particular CD....only wished that it also included \\"Memories\\" from Cats.  A friend of mine told me that she did not like the Susan Boyle CD that she had purchased because Susan was drowned out by the accompanying choirs, etc....  On this CD...it is basically all Susan!  Highly recommend!
B003Y5H53S|4.0|When you think of the heavy hitters in the animated feature film realm, it's certainly understandable if the first things that come to mind are Disney, Pixar or DreamWorks.  However Nickelodeon has been hovering around the scene for a while now, hoping to earn a nice piece of the CG animated movie pie.<br /><br />Rango is by far their most serious attempt and while the film's deserved PG-13 rating may succeed at distancing it from its key demographic (a concept all studios would be wise to emulate from industry-leader Pixar).<br /><br />The story follows the comical, transformative journey of Rango (Depp), a sheltered chameleon living as an ordinary family pet, while facing a major identity crisis.  After all, how high can you aim when your whole purpose in life is to blend in?  When Rango accidentally winds up in the gritty, gun-slinging town of Dirt, a lawless outpost populated by the desert's wiliest whimsical creatures, the less-than-courageous lizard suddenly finds that he's been preparing for this role his whole life.  Welcomed as the last hope the whole town has been awaiting, the newly appointed Sheriff Rango is forced to play his new role as if it life depended on it.  In fact, it does!  In a blaze of action-packed situations and encounters with outrageous characters, Rango starts to become the hero he's always pretended to be.<br /><br />If you didn't already know, this piece represents Gore Verbinski's first film since concluding his Pirates of the Caribbean trilogy in 2007 and represented an ideal opportunity for him to continue working with the oddly charismatic Johnny Depp.<br /><br />Like the Pirates trilogy, Verbinski proves strangely proficient at developing properties that seem almost kid-friendly but continually flirt with adult-only ideals and references.  In fact those viewers expecting a wild-west themed variation of a typical Disney/ Pixar feature will be in for a bit of rude awakening.  Rather than craft an action-driven kids movie peppered with adult humor and pop culture references, Rango is boldly unrepentant for the various tones and complexities it explores.<br /><br />Industrial Light and Magic does a spectacular job with the look of the film, with drab landscapes and gritty character textures and while the John Logan script is funny at times, appreciation of this film depends heavily on the viewer's feeling towards old spaghetti westerns.<br /><br />The pacing is deliberately drawn out and littered with crusty townsfolk, children will likely find the prose a bit too dull to hold their interest even before the objectionable language and references have a chance to upset them.  In fact, a strong argument could be made that this is very nearly like watching a genuine old western film with personified animals transplanted over black and white live action sequences.  Further contributing to the sensation is an extended version release on the DVD & Blu-Ray that comes in at just under two-hours.<br /><br />I personally enjoyed the idea of a desert down finding so much value in water that it has literally become currency and there's no denying that, while a bit hideous, there is some serious brilliance in the character design models.<br /><br />Of course despite the film's rambling philosophies and lackluster supporting characters, Rango has its moments thanks in no small part to solid vocal deliveries from Depp, Ned Beatty, and Wedding Crashers' Isla Fisher.<br /><br />There are some slapstick moments to keep the kiddies in their seats even if the western puns and clich&eacute;s will be lost upon them.  Adults may get a kick out of a few of the exchanges although truthfully, they can be a bit over the top, eliciting some \\"ewwws\\" even out of teens at times.<br /><br />In conclusion some of the finest computer generated visuals to date (there is a segment depicting a human that is nearly photo-realistic), Rango lacks the type of cleverness that makes many of Pixar and DreamWorks' pieces so timeless.  Adults who appreciate modern animation (especially those with a fondness for western classics) will find much to enjoy here but contrary to the Nickelodeon backing, kids aren't the target audience for this one.ics) will find much to enjoy here but contrary to the Nickelodeon backing, kids aren't the target audience for this one.
1594744769|2.0|I really wanted to like this book. Sad to say I was very disappointed.  It didn't meet my expectations.  The premise was promising but it didn't deliver
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Ewoks Blinking, New \\"NOOOOOOOOO\\" inserted at the end of Jedi, Boba's Australian voice, completely changed Ewok song and countless other completely unnecessary alterations to classic films makes this an easy choice to not spend your money on. The original versions are not included in this set. Don't settle and be a fool.
B000PMG16U|1.0|Lucas destroyed the original trilogy with his manipulations, Han shoots first, Vader says \\"Nooooo\\"? I boycott all these releases until the original versions are restored for blu-ray.
B000FC130E|5.0|I'm not a fan of many of the books this author has written.  For the most part, I find them kind of slow paced and little boring.<br /><br />This book was certainly an exception.  I couldn't wait to find out what happened next.<br /><br />I found the idea very original and engaging.  The characters were well developed and many of them were extremely creepy.  This gave a great surreal feel to the book.<br /><br />Even if you've tried to read some of his other work and not enjoyed it, this might be worth the time and money to try.
B004I8WD6E|4.0|As for a case that's pretty cheap, I think it work out good enough.<br />If your Budget is $30-50, you'll probably get a very good case. While you want to keep the price down, I don't think there's any more to complain about.<br /><br />Advantage: Clear(except for the ripple on the back), Good grip(feel ok, tighter grip), protects the back(& gives extra screen protector).<br /><br />Disadvantage: Makes the phone bigger. If you're looking for a case that will not cause changing in the size, you will hate this case. Otherwise, I think it's good enough.<br /><br />P.S<br />I have not try droping the phone \\"yet\\", so I do not know how well it will protect my phone. I believe it will be better than those \\"skin thick\\" cases. However, it definetly will protect your phone from minor drops and scratches.<br /><br />As I say, for the price it is great.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|i can't believe this is literally happening. We all know about this NOOOO addition to return of the jedi at this point right? Come on, dude.
B003VANOFY|5.0|I upgraded from the Logietch Clearchat because it was on the ear not over the ear and when I wore them 8 hours a day it would hurt my ears. I needed a headset (that is headphones with a mic) that is wireless because I find it much more efficient to make   phone calls while I work rather than using a much-more-limited cell phone.    There are not many options out there for wireless headsets.  The bandwidth and power engineering challenges must not be trival.  But I have to say that these are just great.    * comfortable -- OVER THE EAR-style are the way to go  * G-buttons **ARE** very customizable.  There MAY have been an issue with limited choices when these first came out.  But if you install the \\"Logietch Gaming Software\\" NOT NOT NOT the \\"g930 Wireless Headset Gaming software\\" see the difference here:   you should be able to do almost anything with these buttons.  I even programed a small batch script to automatically launch and tune into my favorite online radio station and I can change between stations by pressing the side of my headset (instructions here: ).  Either way, the software is VERY customizable  * sound -- im no audiophile but several youtube reviews say that the sound is fantastic.  It definitely sounds fantastic to me.  I was surprised when I called my mom over google phone because the sound was so present that I  thought my computer speakers were on, really great 7.1 sound  * there is a meter in the software that tells you how much time you have left on the battery and how much time to charge  * there is a very audible beep when you are below one hour of charge  * charges by MICRO USB -- now this is fantastic.  My old clearchat had a propriatory cord.  Now you can take these anywhere and charge them with a standard usb cable    My only complaint is that the mic falls down sometimes.  Not that often really, so it's not that big of a deal (may be only my set too).    I don't regret this purchase AT ALL  (bought it used for ~80), and I bet you will also be pleased.
0439023521|5.0|don't pass this one up!  you will be pleasantly surprised at how addicted you become to reading it.  You're better off buying the bundle (3 books) and saving a few bucks because you won't be able to read this one and stop.
0374158460|5.0|At first, I was more puzzled than before upon finishing the book.   It first seems like the book shows the consequences of bad parenting in Patti's case (her parent's bad parenting and her own bad one towards her children), yet it doesn't seem this way when I looked at the equally bad parenting that Walter received from his father and how wonderfully he turned out.    By the time the Indian girl died, I was wondering why the author wants her to die so tragically when she had been portrayed so positively and had been the source of Walter's well-deserved happiness. After much thought, I realize now the girl must die because she symbolized the ideal and many good things that Franzen values. When these ideals have died in American politics, the person symbolizing them must die, too.    The more I read it, the more I am convinced Walter, the good guy with some minor weakness, often mad and seldom happy, is either the author himself or the person he idealized.    The language, the excessive use of the F--- word, reflects the author's state of mind, that is, a mind filled with madness over American politics. When I try to stop my children from using F-word and ask them to read Freedom (as a good social novel) at the same time, my daughter said, \\"Gee, see how often this author uses F---.\\" Gee, what a shining example the author set for the youngsters!    Yet, the ending shows Franzen has reconciled or made peace with the reality of American culture and politics. Seems a quiet pessimistically and unrealistically happy ending for all, except that good Indian girl, because she is not good enough to live. Unrealistic because one in two marriages end up in divorce in today's American families. Pessimistic because Walter lives with two huge traumas in his life -- the death of his soulmate and the infidelity of his wife with his best friend. How can anyone find comfort and happiness with this haunted in their memories?
B004SC8YH2|5.0|I just want to say THANKS CHRISTOPHER! For this wonderful cd and for giving us again the chance to listen your voice and music. I recommend it to all Christopher Cross fans and not fans. Good job also for all the people involved in the album, specially the voice of Michael McDonald, that once again, like in the 'old times' joined Chris voice. Pure HARMONY together. Greetings from Madrid, Spain, Europe.
B005HSL626|2.0|it is fun but it force closes after a single game. I would like it to work smoothly, and I would have given it at least 3 stars if it worked smooth.
076790592X|5.0|Quick Thoughts: Thought-provoking. Morrie.  Life.  Learning.  This is an older book that I think about from time to time.  It's about life, love, and everything in between.  The cover does it no justice.  The title doesn't scream run and go get me, but if you pick it up, you won't be able to put it down.  Mitch recounts the time spent with a professor dying from ALS.  It reads like any other fiction story and stays true to the story-telling that Albom is known for.  It isn't depressing or too matter-of-fact.  It hits the perfect spot.  I loved it so much that I assigned it for a few of my ninth graders when I as teaching.  Not one of them wanted to read it and not one of them wanted it to end.  It's a short read that will change your life for the better.  Not because you take it to hard, but because the story is just so touching.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|So, I didn't buy this.  I haven't watched it. Usually I hate it when people review things and say I haven't even used it but I know it sucks.  I just want to say I won't buy this until it is the actual ORIGINAL trilogy.  I'm not middle aged and wasn't alive for the theatrical release of 2/3 of the original movies.  However, I grew up watching them on tape (beta in fact) all the time, my sisters and I would go outside and play Star Wars in the yard and avocado grove.  I loved the Star Wars movies.  And I still do. I was so excited when the new movies were coming out, thinking it would be a wonderful addition to the story line.  As we all know, well, it wasn't. Let's just leave it at that.  Then the \\"updated\\" editions of the original, actually I can't remember which came out first, but either way, they are HORRIBLE.  It's like watching a movie you know and love on tv where they chop it all up for time and editing. And you can't sit through it because you know it too well.  Suddenly there's a dinosaur in Star Wars, what is that about. Okay I know it's not actually a dinosaur but it 's a big reptilian-like thing.  And that song in Jedi, not cool George...not cool. I want the originals I want the originals I want the originals. Kay, done throwing a fit now.  Please release the originals so I can buy them with MONEY.  Thanks.
0312323867|4.0|First and foremost, I don't know what made me buy this book but I'm glad I did.  I hardly ever read chick lit or anything contemporary because I tend to get caught up on crazy things like societal norms and various themes and issues that is not relevant to the book.  I get all huffy and end up talking to my husband for hours about how life isn't fair for some reason or other.  On top of that, it is a book about cheating.  So ummm... hear are my morals and feelings about cheaters getting all riled up.  But for some reason I bought and read this book.  ANYWAYS...    I really enjoyed this book.  Rachel and Darcy has been friends forever so I thought I would feel so bad for Darcy but I didn't.  I appreciated Rachel for her morals and for her struggles and Darcy just irritated me.  I know many selfish girls like her.  But this book isn't about mean girls and when certain actions are justified, but it is a book about life and struggles.  It was nothing like I expected.  It was well-written and refreshing.  You pick it up and just can't put it down.
0784011613|3.0|In ways, it tells the life of Chaplin, but not in retrospective as diligently as I would like. Chaplin does not look old when he was about 60, it was pretty ridiculous watching a 25 year old playing 60 with just white hair in the movie. He had many kids and many wives I get it, and what else, a mom that was nuts, well who cares? They should have shown more about his techniques of how he did film, but all in all they did a fair job. I would like to see a re-release with deeper context of this genius.
B003YL4LYI|2.0|There's a masterpiece hidden within A Dance with Dragons. Sadly, it is VERY well hidden. The book contains some extremely well-written parts, which reminded me of the Martin's undisputed talent, but these are few, appear late in the book and lead to nothing. For most of the time reading this book felt like a chore, I kept reading in hope of some revelation or plot advancement.<br /><br />Sadly, there are almost none to be found. While every page is laden with irellevant details about clothing, foods, tapestry and what-not, the plot itself hardly advances. The book ends without resolving any major plotline, and is full of cliffhangers which are either supposed to keep us waiting for the next installement, or reveal that GRRM does not know how to continue the series. Some of the most interesting charcters so far have been reduced to a shallow, indecisive and inactive shell of themselves.<br /><br />In conclusion, I recommend reading the book - but only if you borrow it from a friend or a library.
B0056BMK6K|5.0|i have never learned so much from reading one single book...this information is absolutely incredible for anyone considering writing a self-published book...wowsie...there are two hidden gems in this book that haven't been displayed (publicly) elsewhere...this is a MUST READ for any current or potential authors
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|I dont see how everyone loves this game. Its just a flash game I could find find online if I looked hard enough. Uninstalled
B002C512TY|5.0|this is the best gun yet and it came very fast the bad part is that it does not shoot that far unless the extension is off   [[ASIN:B000ETQR3Q Nerf N-Strike Longshot CS-6]]
B00479SVBU|3.0|It's working pretty good. The operation is not that intuitive but the sound is satisfactory. The SD card is pretty smart idea too. Again, the interface or operation have a lot to be improved, like switching from directory to directory or setting random play off.. etc.
0743497465|2.0|After reading the back of this book, (and having just finished a book i loved by Dan Brown), I started this book ready to be taken on grate thrill ride. all throw this book however I keep thinking and hoping it would get better. it never did, there is one good part throw it ends.
B00092ZL80|5.0|I didn't know anything about \\"Earth, Wind, and Fire\\" and I knew a few songs from \\"Chicago\\".    Put them together at the Greek Theatre and boom!, you have a solid concert with the mix of the old and the new.   I suggest you try this blu-ray concert, it's quite enjoyable.
0756404738|2.0|*** spoilers ***<br /><br />Rothfuss needs to FOCUS.  Why does he have to take us on so many tangents?  The main story seems to start off okay.  Kvothe heads over to the Mayor's house for a while.  Okaaaayy.  A little deviation, but I like where he's going with the story.  Kvothe and his merry band of bandit butt-kickers are heading home from their little raid.  It seems like Rothfuss is finally getting back to the story.  Lo and behold he happens upon some naked forest Pixie and all hell breaks loose.  It's like Rothfuss creates a new protagonist.  Kvothe is transformed from a bright and clever kid to some lame stranger?  Really now, who is this kid?  How thick can you make a supposedly clever kid.  Maybe Rothfuss is trying to show what a horny 16 yr old is like, but that's a cop-out.<br /><br />To sum up my issues:<br />-Dena is lame and Kvothe should drop her like a bad habit.  Too many petty school girl games.  Come on Rothfuss!!  Stop reading Stephanie Meyer books.<br />-Kvothe's super sympathy skills and awakening naming skills apparently are nothing compared to naked forest fairies, but they are strong enough to take out Cindar's bandits.<br />-Why would a scholar and musician decide he needs some martial arts training?
B000HEWEE4|5.0|The \\"Lake House\\" is a very interesting time travel story that isn't really a time travel story.  The man lives in his present and the lady lives in her present, but actually he is in the past and she is in the present or she is in the future and he is in the present.  Are you confused yet?<br /><br />All you need to know is that this just simply is a classic love story, with a time twist to it.<br /><br />Of course, it's more complicated than that.  When will they meet?  Did they meet already?  Why didn't they meet?  Can you change his history and her future?  Perhaps she met him already, but she didn't know it.  Is death permanent? Is destiny determined or can it be changed?  But hasn't fate already cast its fortune?<br /><br />That's enough questions, possibilities, probabilities, and uncertainties.  Perhaps you need to crack a fortune cookie to tell them what to do.  But they don't need a piece of paper from a cookie to do that.<br /><br />They do need a letter, though, from a mailbox at the Lake House.  The film actually uses a mailbox to function as the time traveling element.  Put a letter in the mailbox and it immediately shifts the letter from one time period to another.<br /><br />Yes, it is the mailbox that acts to put them together on a certain destiny.  But then it is through their own actions that they change their destiny by using the mailbox.<br /><br />Finally, I read some of the earliest reviews, complaining that the story was slow and plodding.  I did watch it at double the speed, which cut the time in half.  Talk about time shifting.
0894803123|4.0|I only made one recipe so far (Georgia Peach) It was very good! Can't wait to try the other ones.
B0000E2FLC|5.0|Two things that I remember from the Donington concert is Angus turning into a pile of sweat and the words Oy! Oy! Oy! Oy! Oy! Oy! Oy! Oy! Oy! Oy! Oy!, Oy!, Oy!, with the audience going wild.    That's an incredible amount of energy going around the venue.  Let AC/DC shock you with this blu-ray.    Oy, mate.
0300169787|5.0|Being far from New York, I didn't have the chance to go to the exhibit, so having the book comes as the second best of paying my respect to the great Alexander McQueen. And when I got the book, i was totally blown-away, to the point of being emotional and teary with the thought that such a great artist has left us. And having this book is a great reference to the skills and mastery of Alexander McQueen to his craft. Very detailed. And it is also fascinating to read how Alexander McQueen's creativity works, from drawing his inspirations to the grotesque and perverse and translating it to other-worldly catwalk shows filled with insanely gorgeous and highly-conceptual clothes. Indeed, a part of fashion history everyone should have.<br /><br />And I must commend the efficiency of amazon.com delivery service. I got my copy in pristine condition and on-time.
B002ZG98C8|4.0|Machete isn't Black Dynamite. That movie is a classic for sure, but this ranks high in it's inane, overly stereotypical depictions of Chicanos, Mexicans, and whites in America. Danny Trejo is so underrated that it's a shame: this man has menaced so many viewers in so many films that I think people forget that this character is the kind uncle in Spy Kids (yep, Rodriguez ties ALL his films in!!! Brilliant!) as well. Love Danny getting more recognition, and hope he sees more work! Of course Cheech Marin is great as well, but he leads me to my critique....    My reducing a star is for putting the cliche actors in the film: too bad Dennis Hopper passed, or he would have had DeNiro's role for sure. Seagal being in the film makes me want to sue him for battery against the viewers, along with the horrific Devon Aoki (why did she even bother to audition?)Steven: I love ya, but COME ON....thy ego doth betray you even here. Michelle Rodriguez and Jessica Alba being together in one film was plain irritating, as they both didn't get to shine in their roles as they should have. Mr. Rodriguez, hope the next Machete rectifies this, and it will be even more hysterically funny: Billy Zane would make a great enemy.    Get the film, expect nothing, laugh, and you will be a Trejo fan!!!!!!
0060872675|5.0|This is a GREAT book, maybe even for kids!  Anhk-Morpork (sp?) isn't a particularly kid friendly place so you get to think of words to replace \\"Bugger it!\\" on the fly.  All parents have been forced to read the same book over and over, and we all know we do what it takes to get our baby house-ape to fall asleep.  Of course we also have our own sanity to take into account, which is what this book is about.  Sam Vimes thinking to himself 'My kid's growing up in a city, he's not going to meet farm animals... and if he does they won't cluck or moo, they will go \\"sizzle\\"!'  It's a fun approach, and makes you feel like you're getting away with something when you read this with your kiddo.<br /><br />Our house is well stocked with Prachett, and our son who's already started reading to himself will eventually stumble on them.  When he does, he'll feel right at home, thanks to this book and a couple of the vids he's seen bits of.  Oh, and 'The Librarian' figurine that watches over our 'Buffy the Vampire Slayer' Library playset.<br /><br />I recommend picking up this book, if for no other reason than to have a story containing the phrase 'Millenium Hand and Shrimp'!  Every house needs at least one.
B005EP1PJQ|2.0|I guess im in the minority, but i really didnt find anything special about this book. The plot is cliched, which is the case with alot of books, but even the characters are nothing special. The setting of France was supposed to be romantic, fresh, and special, but i felt like the author just wrote about France in such a bland way it was disappointing to me.    I feel like the characters werent really people that i would want to hang around, they were so cardboard-y and flat. I didnt like Anna or Etienne, the only one i liked was Josh and he wasnt even a major part of the book. Likable main characters are such an important part of writing a good book that having such \\"bleghh\\" characters really killed the book for me.     The writing, likewise, was nothing special. There were no beautiful sentences or phrases that described the emotions of teen love perfectly. There were no insights that made me say to myself \\"I know EXACTLY what you're talking about!\\". It's not horrible by any means, but it was defintely not good writing. It's just very, very mediocre writing.     Lastly, the ending itself was cliched and predictable. It was something i knew was going to happen at the very start of the story. There were no pleasant surprises and even the manner in which the characters resolved their issue was dissapointing. There were no details that were \\"cute\\" in a way that had not been written about before.     This book is basically just a reiteration of every single most cliched Girl-meets-foreign-Boy book/movie. Which reminds me, usually I find a British accent completely charming, but with Etienne it was just very \\"so what?\\" and did not plus any point for him in my eyes. Not the worst book out there, but it's just missing so many little things that make a high school romance novel great. Or even good, for that matter.
B004QL7K2K|4.0|One Day is one of those films that you will either just \\"get\\" or you won't. It's either your cup of tea or it isn't. It was most definitely my cup of tea.     Based on the David Nicholls novel of the same name, the story follows college pals Emma and Dex and their relationship over the 20 years following their graduation, but we only get to see the relationship one day out of the year, the day they met. Emma secretly (and sometimes not so secretly) loves him. He loves her, too, but just doesn't know it yet. Picture a serious version of When Harry Met Sally. However, what I liked best about this film is that it's about two lives, not about a perfect, happily-ever-after Hollywood ending. It's about lives in progress. Sad, tragic things happen, but the ending is strongly life-affirming. The characters are not especially tragic or sympathetic, they are just people, like any other people you would meet in everyday life. And it doesn't end wrapped up in a nice, lovely, idyllic bow, just the way you hoped it would, like The Notebook.     The subtle human touches are the life of this film, and I had to see it more than once to catch all of them. Like when Dex's mother expresses her concern for her son's future and his lifestyle choices. Later, when Dex's father tells him mom would be proud, in order to make Dexter feel better, Dex knows it's not true. And the irony of Dex's distant relationship with his father, who ends up giving Dex the best, most helpful advice he could have received.     The love between these two characters takes years to get off the ground, but that makes it all the more moving when it finally happens. The chemistry between the leads Anne Hathaway and Jim Sturgess is palpable as well. There are times you can almost feel the heat coming off the screen.    The editing is really the one weak spot in the film. Scenes were cut short in the interest of time that left later scenes feeling a bit unexplained. It doesn't flow as nicely as Scherfig's last film AnEducation, but the story is much more engaging, charming and moving, and the characters much more relatable and likeable. I enjoyed this film far more than An Education.     It's a romance, so by its very nature the audience is females, either teens or middle aged women starved for a little romance. For me, this film delivered big time.
1591841666|5.0|The Dip is a short book by Seth Godin about when you should quit and what you should quit. It focuses on one principle again and again, and it is one that most of us need to be reminded of. When we start a business, write a book, sell a book, start training, or just about anything else, there will come a time of diminishing returns. Those who can distinguish the dips that we can push through from the dead ends will have more success. A simple concept and one that you have probably heard before, but this book still adds enough value to the conversation to make it a worthwhile read.<br /><br />The value of being the best in the world, the best in your category, is huge. This small book will help motivate you to define your category, quit the useless things, and create something great. It's really not rocket science, and a book like this offers a lot of value to a lot of people.<br /><br />Two criticisms I have heard about this book, and Seth Godin's work in general is that it is too short and too simple. Both critiques are hollow excuses for not engaging great work. I love books and I love reading both short and long works, but I would rather read non-fiction that has been boiled down to its most useful any day over the other stuff. Seth took his own advice for this book and quit the 80% of the book that was not as helpful. The 20% that remains is absolutely great material that will appeal to many. Recommended.<br /><br />For those of you looking for more insight into the two main concepts of this book, check out these.<br /><br />On being the best in the world . . .<br /><br />[[ASIN:0071373586 Positioning: The Battle for Your Mind]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:0887306667 The 22 Immutable Laws of Marketing:  Violate Them at Your Own Risk!]]<br /><br />On strategic quitting . . .<br /><br />[[ASIN:0385491743 The 80/20 Principle: The Secret to Achieving More with Less]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:0307465357 The 4-Hour Workweek, Expanded and Updated: Expanded and Updated, With Over 100 New Pages of Cutting-Edge Content.]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:0060005696 The Paradox of Choice: Why More Is Less]]f Choice: Why More Is Less]]
B0054JZC6E|2.0|It looks like the games would be fun, if the controls weren't clumsy and frustrating. I got annoyed within the first two games I tried... uninstalled...
B005JN988I|5.0|\\"Let's Kill Hitler\\" is my tied-for-favorite episode of Doctor Who, tied with Forest of the Dead. Brilliant story arc continuing from Steven Moffat, script writing that makes prior episodes more moving by giving depth through the back story to events we've already seen. Especially amazing, moving acting from Matt Smith as the brave, funny Doctor and Alex Kingston as a surprising, younger Melody Pond/River Song. Karen Gillan as Amy Pond and Arthur Darvill as Rory Williams are more and more fully believable, well-developed characters. Thanks, Amazon, for making these downloads available.
0307463745|5.0|This is a book that I will read and then re-read since there are many lessons you feel like you know and had the gut feeling for years but never could pin down or recognize.  Keeping this book close and fresh in your mind will help you recognize opportunities as well as problems.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Until yesterday, I think we all knew what we were getting- all of the changes made up 'til 2004 plus maybe a few new ones.  But then we learned about the \\"Noooooooooooooooooooo\\".  Return of the Jedi was not without its flaws.  But this critical moment of Vader's sacrifice for his son, his own redemption, and the end of the galaxy wide conflict was not only the highpoint of Return of the Jedi, and a highpoint of the whole trilogy, but it's also a classic moment of film history.  Ask yourself if you can enjoy the finale to the Star Wars trilogy with this new version of the climax.  I know I cannot.  Save your money, folks.  The hobbyists are doing what the professionals choose not to...  Ask your geek friends.  They will know what to do.
B004SBQGHS|3.0|why is it i cant get my updates? everyone else I know has there updates mine won't update. its crazy I paid the money I expect updates.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Cancelled my order, if you release a film to the masses, and it is adored by fans then why change it? If it weren't for the fans, these films wouldn't be as successful. Sure it's George's film, so he can do what he likes right?... But does he not know by now? We don't want change, we fell in love with them all that way back before the tinkering, so really your just self servicing yourself. At least release both in good quality so we can choose, hey George?
B00003CXTG|5.0|I'll never understand the seemingly deep-seated hostility some apparently have for this movie. Personally, I think it's one of the best movies to come along in a very long time. There have been many good movies made in the past, but there for awhile I thought Hollywood had completely forgotten how to make a movie that could even hold your interest. And then along came &#34;My Cousin Vinny,&#34; and &#34;Titanic,&#34; and now this one, just to name a few that come to mind. This movie has everything - a scope that covers the entire world - and WW II did just that - everyone in the world was affected. The photography was magnificent, and the scenery of Hawaii is fantastic. The three lead actors (and actresses) are great to watch, and I don't understand the buzz against Ben Affleck.  He seems like as good an actor as any other, and seems likeable to boot. The story was tragic, or at minimum, very sad, but totally believable.  The girl transferring her affections to the best friend seems completely natural, and I'm sure it's happened countless times.  The once-thought-dead lover turning up to be alive after all, is something that has no doubt happened, and surely throws everyone involved for a complete loss as to how to deal with it. All in all, it's a fantastic film, and a thoroughly enjoyable experience to watch. Let the Negative Numbskulls wallow in their pitiful no-ness, while the rest of us enjoy first-rate entertainment, at bargain Amazon prices.
B004UOE7VA|5.0|I thought that The original soundtrack was amazing (one of the few soundtracks that I own and listen to ALL THE TIME). This is a great remix done in great taste. I'm not going to make this long, but from one classically trained musician to the masses, this cd is amazing. Period.
B001N0S1MK|4.0|First off, about the four stars vs five - The album as it is, is a five star album, I just wish they would have included the \\"Easy\\" single as they have on other vinyl releases. That being said, this album is incredible!  The sound quality is great and you can hear more of the extra layers separately than on the old cassette or CD versions.  They were a very dynamic band, and this is the album where you can really hear it.  I love their other albums and looking back, it includes what was arguably some of their best commercial sounding songs - A Small Victory, Midlife Crisis, Land of Sunshine.  The band didn't sell out with this album, and while the rest of the world started copying one or two of FNM's key elements, no one has come close to Angel Dust.
0767802470|5.0|Been many years since I have seen it but still as good as when it came out in the early 80s. Excellent movie.Pretty good special effects and Very good \\"Feel\\" of what life might have been inside a UBoat.
B0055SJVPW|5.0|I never write movie reviews but I had to comment on this film--loved it.  I did not know all the actors or actresses in this movie, but I took a chance--and am glad that I did.  Loved the story and the acting--in fact, I have watched this movie twice in the last couple of days.  Knew Kate Hudson and Steve Howey and thought that they did a really good job in their roles.  Fell in love with the two love interests even though I had never heard of them or seen them before.  Hope they get more good roles.
0891419063|5.0|Very good retelling of an infantry mans life in the Pacific. Not myopic in the least as many other memoirs are. Worth every penny and you will read it more than once.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|looooooooooooooooooved it! good action an suspense throughout the movie... i love the story line, you find out more an more, stuff starts to make sense..nothing more i can say!
B002ZG98UA|1.0|If they must be made get different writers and directors!  I loved the games and the first movie but the further this series of movies goes the worse they become.       Please just stop...
B000UZPIAW|5.0|This book changed me. It changed my perception of Nikki Sixx and changed the way I view my own life as well. Great read!
B001FB55HQ|3.0|Not near as good as I was hoping. Thought it would take place right after Sky-Net took over not some years down the line. I hope one day I'm good enough to twist a few wires on a car that has set for years and am able to start it within a minte or two. ;)
B0052YAKS6|2.0|David Guetta had a massive album with his previous, 'OneLove', which was a great album, the perfect balance of dance and house.  Now the success must have gone to his head because 'Nothing but the Beat' is more pop than house and is total sell out of his roots.  I did not expect this CD to match 'OneLove' and to be honest did expect it could very well be too popish.  Sure enough it is.  Those of you who enjoy really catchy and poppy tracks will like this, but true house and EDM fans will not.  Even the 2nd CD which is supposed to be only instrumentals and more house based is a let down.  Give it a try but don't have high expectations.
B004BJMEO6|2.0|Peyton's striking sexiness really livens up this dang-near dud... and once you watch Elena for a while she gets more and more appealing. Together, these two are really intriguing together. There is some definite chemistry here.<br /><br />Moreover, if you're feeling nostalgic over that hot, lonely housewife you once had an affair with and want to re-visit the passion you shared... you'll find the essence of that here... this time with a happy ending (turn on your suspend disbelief bigtime).<br /><br />The whole guru and twin flame element made this movie ridiculous and I thought it was unnecessary. All those little asides of \\"twin flame\\" couples giving testimony to soulmates and interrupting the only couple you care about in this movie... just felt like boring and badly acted infomercials. Um, I think they were trying to be funny... that didn't quite register. These elements pretty much ruined a film that had something good between these two.<br /><br />If you edit this movie down to the love scenes... well, those are about the only scenes that won't make you cringe. I had hoped this kind of quality/writing/acting would have gone out with the 80s-90s. I've seen low budget films do far better.... it IS possible. But Nicole Conn's (director) style and quality hasn't really evolved since 1992's Claire of the Moon. And if you thought Claire of the Moon was a divine effort (and tend to be blinded by hot leading characters)... you'll vehemently disagree with me on this one.<br /><br />For those who expect more, I suggest you rent it via Amazon if you must see it... before you consider dishing out $20+ for your lez library collection based on these over-inflated reviews alone. It's a guilty pleasure... but overall, it's far below average.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have never workedout to a dvd before so I didnt really know what to expect. It is an AWESOME workout! I would recommend this dvd to anyone! Short, sweet and to the point while delivering results! I have been using it fo a week now and already feel more toned and my jeans are fitting a tad looser and thats without following any specific eating plan. I'm being smart about what I eat but not depriving myself either. Buy it!! You won't be disappoointed!!
B003UESJH4|5.0|The video was delivered very promptly and as I'd seen the movie previously I'm sure it will be a well-received gift for my friend.  The quality is excellent and the prices are unbeatable.
B0054N73EY|2.0|After several years of waiting finally we have the new album from RHCP and i must say im very dissapointed. Obviosuly Josh Klinghoffer is not to blame about the low musical level of the band, the group is the first in missing John Frusciante, he is unchangeable. The best years of the group are over but they want to enlarge their affaire with the money and maintain their millionaire status, i would do it too. Chad, ask for a complete joint with Chickenfoot and leave the Peppers, your fans will appreciate.
1416955070|5.0|You have to read this book i loved it soooooooooooooo much!!!!!!!! it is my favorite series in the world and it is just sooo good! If yo read this book and love it dont foget to read the other books in the series and the other series by casandra clare, [[ASIN:1416975861 Clockwork Angel (The Infernal Devices, Book 1)]] also if you like these books then here are some more that you will love!<br /><br />[[ASIN:0439023521 The Hunger Games]]<br />[[ASIN:0439887453 Harry Potter Paperback Box Set (Books 1-6)]]<br />[[ASIN:0061448788 Gone]]<br />[[ASIN:0763645761 The Knife of Never Letting Go: Chaos Walking: Book One]]<br />and  many many more....
0345529057|5.0|I was very pleased with the speed that my order arrived from Amazon. The books arrived in perfect condition, and I am now on the third one. (A Storm Of Swords). I couldn't be happier with this purchase! I would recommend this set to anyone that has wanted to read this series!
B0054N73EY|5.0|The Red Hot Chili Peppers return after a 5 year absence with the new album \\"I'm With You\\". Initially, I was nervous about the new sound of the Peppers without John Frusciante, but Josh Klinghoffer is an excellent guitarist who brings a new edge to the band's music. \\"I'm With You\\" is not a concept album, but it has many underlying themes; among them, life, death, drugs...but there is also something much deeper. After only having this album for a day, I cannot exactly put into words what these deeper themes are, but this album truly moves me as a person. I'm With You is an album that haunts you, an album that you want to replay even before it has finished.     I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is a fan of the Chili Peppers, or rock music in general.
B0054N73EY|5.0|Great to have 14 new RHCP tracks. If you love the peppers you will love this album and most likely already have it.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I've never, NEVER before cared much about the changes made to these films.  But enough is enough.  We all have our breaking point, and I have discovered mine.  I will not be purchasing this set.  I'm not so stupid as to think the sales will be affected much, I'm sure it will sell huge numbers...but I can't be a part of these new revisions.  Good night and goodbye.<br /><br />---------<br /><br />Edited April 2012 to add that I have now watched most of the content of the box, so I now have an informed opinion and not just a moral objection.  ...And my informed opinion is that I was right all along.  The picture quality of the films varies greatly (there are at least a handful of pretty atrocious shots throughout the six films) and while some of the extras weren't bad, most of them were pretty forgettable.  I will remain a non-buyer.  I'll be now sticking with the old 4x3 DVD copies of the ORIGINAL trilogy and the bonus disc from the box set.  (Empire of Dreams: great doco.)  For me, any pleasure that could possible be derived from the increased resolution of Blu-ray is rendered useless in the face of the decreased enjoyability of the films themselves.
B001NEK2GE|5.0|Simplesmente fantstico! pt-Br. Existe a jogatina antes e depois desse produto, quando voc o experimenta pela primeira vez no consegue mais largar! Voltar a jogar no teclado  no mnimo esquisito.
B001FB4W0C|5.0|Another great series. These programmes continue to impress.   The episodes may be funny or thought-provoking,or both,and all worth watching.Good work, guys!
0345529057|5.0|They are great and came in good time.  The books were recommended and were a bargain on line.  The communication was good also.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Title says it all. Enough is enough. I could live with the other changes, but the noooooooooo is a no go. I'm not buying this version.
B001UHOWXI|5.0|We'd seen this film many times . It's simply awesome and could put a smile (or set of them , on EVEN Grinch's face) . We read and understood that a LOT of money had been spent prepairing this perennial platinum film for Blu . Boy , were the stories TRUE . This film not only looks scectacular but the Blu pack comes with a colorized version of the film on a seperate disc . I'm NOT a film historian but do LOVE black and white film for many reasons . That said , i own a vhs copy of Howard Hawk's THE THING with James Arness . It's colorized . For what it's worth , i have a HUGE preference for the color film over the black and white dvd i've also got . If that's not your cup of tea , there's a B + W version on a seperate disc with features . We're about mid way through the colorized version . Certainly one of the best gifts my wife and i have given ourselves this , or any other year . The Blu image is as good as GONE WITH THE WIND and ALL ABOUT EVE . Truly worth reinvesting for us . Fascinating and deeply uplifting . What more can you ask for ? Get some old school happy . Come beam with US .
B0038JN6VA|3.0|hi~    I just got the item but I found there are no SD card in the box~~    it is normal or u forgot to out inside for me~~ please answer my question~~
B004EPZ070|1.0|This movie had potential to make a cute love story.  However, instead of doing so, it took a very different approach. The worthwhile match was left to the wayside to make room for a relationship that has no conceivable way of surviving, since it is based on lies, adultery and disloyalty. The two main characters are selfish adultresses, yet the movie seems to find one more innocent than the other.  It seems that the attempt is to cause the viewer to approve of the one because she is normally a \\"good person,\\" but the outcome leaves the viewer in complete disgust of her selfishness and disloyalty to her childhood friend.  In the end she is proud of her adultery and destruction of a life-long relationship, because she was able to get what she had wanted for so long.  How can one's morals and sense of decency be so degraded that one can appreciate this character and her accomplishment?    There was one character in the movie who was incredibly likable, kind and a perfect match for the lead character.  However, the development of his character is a complete waste, since he just gets his heart broken and is left by the wayside, so that the lead character may reek havoc on the other relationships in her life.    I watch pretty much every chick flick that comes out, and I have seen a number of cheesy and poorly developed ones, but this one simply disgusted me.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|I had purchased this cooler as a replacement that AMD provided for my 1090T CPU.  The problem with the provided unit was that it is the same cooler that AMD packages with just about every processor, meaning that the heat generated by the CPU was not being managed properly.  After reading the reviews on this cooler, I decided to purchase and install.  There is a replacement bracket and mount that comes with this unit, and with a little bit of adjustment, the cooler went on fine.  I decided to use a bead of the paste at first, but switched to a line after experiencing some instabilities.      I didn't purchase this unit to overclock, but to manage high temps.  My house is in AZ, and my office where the computer is is on the second story with inadequate AC.  After using the computer with this cooler installed for hours, the unit is just warm to the touch.  Highly recommended.    FYI, this unit sits fairly high in the computer.  My Antec tower case required cutting to accommodate.  Just so you know.
B004BSFC46|2.0|These are cute little wrist rattles, but my baby couldn't care less about them. We got them before she was born and she is about 4 months now. We've tried them repeatedly, always thinking maybe she just needed to be in the right developmental stage to enjoy them, but so far, nothing. Wouldn't bother with them if I had it to do over.
B00330UFQS|5.0|This group is awesome. She has a great voice and they all gel well together. There are some chart toppers on here for sure. I think the ballads stood out as the strongest to me.
B000JQV68A|5.0|Thought provoking and heartfelt, you get to know all of the characters intimately. And, as with all F Scott Fitzgerald books, it's very beautifully written. This is as much a poem as a fiction story.
0399226907|5.0|This was a classic I knew we had to have! I honestly didn't remember exactly how the book was put together though. I love the way the pages with the different foods stack on each other so that you have one food, then two, then three and they pages get longer and longer until the caterpillar is eating his huge supper. Then he gets his one nice green leaf - ha! The last page shows the caterpillar transformed into a \\"beautiful butterfly!\\" This would be a great addition to a shower gift.
B004SUWR2C|5.0|I have had this game on my Droid one since before it showed up here on Amazon and it totally rocks. You can choose to play against one or three others and at varying difficulty levels. You can also turn on or off certain rules to create the kind of game you want. This is UNO, people, so expect it to be UNO - and it performs exactly as it should. I have wasted a serious amount of time playing this game while waiting in line in drive thrus, doctors offices, traffic jams and always on the throne :) If you LOVE UNO then buy this app, you will not regret it.
0689835604|5.0|Lift-flap books are one of my 11 month old son's favorite activites to bring over to me to do! This would be a great shower gift addition. It helps teach body parts and other simple words. The flaps that you lift are a little on the thinner side, and my son has bent them more than other lift-flap books we play with. The colors are bright and cheerful and the book includes pictures of diverse children which I really appreciated.
1609611543|5.0|Dr. Davis clearly lays out the history of wheat and its negative impact on our health, complete with a thorough bibliography of references.  Davis points out how during World War II with a shortage of wheat, scientists described a reduction in instances of schizophrenia, which was quickly (and unfortunately) reversed upon the reintroduction of wheat after the war.<br /><br />Davis makes this an easy read by peppering the text with humor and his own clinical experiences, describing how he has personally witnessed his patients dramatically and positively respond to a wheat-free lifestyle.<br /><br />\\"Wheat Belly\\" adds to the growing body of evidence that today's wheat and in particular, gluten, appears to be a major contributing factor to modern illnesses, including autism, obesity and other diseases.  It is scary to see that in the well-intentioned quest to produce more and cheaper food, today's agricultural practices and GMO science have changed not only the nutritional profile of our wheat and other crops, but inadvertently and simultaneously destroyed the health of an unsuspecting populace.
B001F6TXME|5.0|This is a must-have for anyone doing long-exposure or macro photography, it's light, cheap, and works great. I can't think of any negatives other than the build quality is maybe a little light, but as far as performance goes it's flawless. Highly recommended!
B0043JEA14|2.0|I preface this review by saying that, over the years, the decades, the music of this band, led by Pat, Tom, Michael, and all the partners, continues to be engaging, one-of-a-kind and brilliant. I enjoyed the last several CDs as much as the first several LPs. Few bands can claim the consistent quality, lyrically and musically, as this great band. But this CD is really a disappointment. This may sound like the Doobies to others, but it's not the best of the Doobies. This effort sounds to me like they had to make a CD, not that they wanted to... energy is minimal, sounds over-produced, and lacks heart. Painful to say... but this is painful to listen to, for the most part.
B002GHIPYI|5.0|These are the best pair of headphones i have owned.  These are great for someone looking to listen to music at home or something.  I've seen many mods such as recabling, better earcups, placing nickels and gluing them to certain parts, removing small stickers.       The worst thing about the headphones is the top 2 rod things stick out a lot and just look weird.  and they can give you sweaty ears because the earcups arent the best but there are better ones you can purchase,  just very expensive.
B0055PMUSU|5.0|Good movie, even better message...Very inspiration and well directed. You will not be disappointed at all with the acting. Worth 3.99
0307595579|5.0|Stieg Larsson's Millennium Trilogy Boxed Set is a fantastic bargin.  For less than the soft cover versions, you receive three hardcover books and a hardcover bio about the author in a hardbound sleeve.
0545259088|4.0|As much as I wanted this series to last forever (literally), all good things must come to an end. From the start of Shiver, to the very last word in Forever, Maggie's writing remained stunning with a touch of skillfully staged set of events. The journey I experienced with Sam, Grace and the gang will remain imprinted in my mind as one of the best wolf trilogies. It's just one of those long lasting stories filled with impressionable characters that tap into your emotional chamber. With each installment, Maggie gave me the chance to understand Sam and Grace better in separate narrations. I very much respected the fight between their obstacle of love, even in their moments of division. Plus, all the other characters such as Isabel and Cole, contributed an amusing aspect in the progression of the series. Those two were definitely a handful I couldn't get enough of, especially when they were in the same room together.<br /><br />Now, in all honesty, Forever wasn't my favorite part of the trilogy. Shiver fortunately holds the title for my wow factor reaction. However, the continuation was just as addictive, even if it read a little slower for me the third time around. I have a feeling it could have to do with the conclusion, I just didn't receive the closure I expected. Besides that, it was an exciting and nerve wracking ride to see Grace grow into her inner animal. She is an admirable protagonist I'll be sad to leave behind. And of course, who wouldn't miss Sam! His devotion and consistent love for Grace, puts shame to a lot of boyfriends. I will truly miss this series and I hope to one day re-visit it again in a spin off. Hm, wouldn't that be a hell of a surprise! *sighs* I'll keep dreaming for that. In the mean time, I hope to fall in love with the The Scorpio Races just as much as Maggie's unforgettable debut.
B004SBQGHS|3.0|so... I was excited to finally get the newest update, came out 8/31. after dloading and installing update my app was corrupt , forced close, forced restart, and is now completely gone from my EVO 4g without option to redownload in amazon without paying again. wtf? anyone else have this issue?
0670022411|3.0|This book was given to me as a Birthday present (back in march) and I have yet to finish it. It has a very interesting story line: Witches, Vampires and Daemons walking among Humans. There's a couple of lose ends like how all of these creatures are sooooo obviously excentric that is a \\"miracle\\" us humans don't notice them... The descriptions in general are a little over the top...   I'm gonna try to finish it, but personally I wouldn't recomend it
0547260695|5.0|You know, sometimes a book is read to you when you are young and then you read it again in your twenties.   Then years later you see the same book, on the other side of the continent, in a restaurant in Whitehorse Yukon, only it's a pop-up book and you know that you need to own a copy too.    This is it.  The beautiful pop-up \\"The Little Prince\\".   And it's so much better than you imagined and the story and the illustrations are magical all over again.
B004BSFC46|5.0|My baby loves these contrast wrist bugs. I believe they contributed to my baby finding his hands so early.  Love them love them!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Dear George,    I understood your desire to 'fix' your movies in the re-release several years ago.  That was fine.  A background change here, some extra CGI there.  No big deal.  But this?  Your 'fixing' has ruined what was already the perfect scene.  A powerful scene that was once full of emotion, now feels cheap and awful.  Why George, why?
1400034779|5.0|I did not expect to like this book, but I fell in love with the main character, the language, the stories.  In a time when society thrives on who killed who and how, these stories took me to a gentler place, while still discussing death, kidnapping and adultery.  Loved it.  Recommend it!  Get it!
030788743X|4.0|Decades in the future, the entire world can live most of their lives online in a virtual reality called OASIS. OASIS is a vast space with many worlds created by James Halliday, who on his death bed left his entire, vast fortune to the winner of a game that he installed with OASIS. Young Wade Watts, along with everyone else in the world, longs to find the three hidden keys that will lead to Halliday's easter egg. But there are no rules to the game, and an evil mega-corporation (nicknamed Sixers) has stacked the decks in their favor. So when Wade is the first to find the first key, the Sixers are hot on his heels. And the Sixers will stop at nothing to get the egg, even murder in the real world.<br /><br />Wade Watts and his contemporaries and friends in OASIS, Aech and Art3mis, are gunters (short for egg hunters). They have lived their entire short lives eating, sleeping, and breathing everything about James Halliday. All of his geeky loves are their favorites as well. And Halliday was a child of the 80s and a hardcore gamer, so he incorporated all of this into his game. Cline created a vast and complex world where the 80s still rule. Those of us who grew up in the 80s will find most of the quests and puzzles fun and nostalgic. I can't imagine the research that went into this story, as there are a lot of obscure references as well.<br /><br />Even though I've never been a gamer, I can appreciate the story and the references to older games and the fun puzzles that we learn along with Wade. Though some of the made-up history gets a bit lengthy at times, I still found myself enjoying the wild ride. This recent science fiction release is engaging, suspenseful, and highly entertaining. Full of mystery, 80s trivia, gaming, and a bit of romance, Ready Player One is a fun must-read for any scifi and gaming fan.
B00136Q4P0|5.0|everything is good. but they should have added earth song, they don't care about us, scream, blood on the dance floor. maybe butterfly. if they add these 4 songs, this album would have really been the best mj greatest hits collection out there. but this a good album to anyone who wants a glimpse of mj greatness.
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|This app sets new low for aggressive ads, even switching away from the game to a full screen ad making it difficult to get back to the game. Not worth the annoyance, uinstalling.
B004T5K3OK|5.0|Transform you phone in a high quality hand scanner... Full of resources, great app. Best that I bought in months... A+
1439181780|3.0|The book is a bit dumbed down, with very short sentences, and contains tons of repetitive things that have been in nearly every new thought book. Nothing new, in other words.<br /><br />But the paper is very pretty with decorations. You just can't mark this book up! It's too nice to spoil by highlighting or underlining.
B00003XACV|4.0|I own a lot of Thomas Newman's Motion Picture Soundtracks - some of which I have not even seen the film!  This particular one is - in my opinion - not his BEST work, but very beautiful just the same.  As always, very artistic and creative use of instruments, eclectic sounds, together with the renowned 'Thomas Newman' tranquilizing piano; make this another nice addition to my soundtrack collection.  It's got a more modern flavor to it, just like the movie itself.  If you like his other work i.e. \\"Angels in America\\", \\"Finding Nemo\\", \\"Shawshank Redemption\\" (one of his BEST in my opinion), you will certainly enjoy this one as well.
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|This was a GREAT movie, and family-friendly! It has top actors like Helen Hunt and Dennis Quaid. The acting was superb, as was the cinematography, music, and script. I just loved the inspiration that exudes from it!
0307595862|4.0|As with many other reviewers here on Amazon, I thought Stieg Larsson's Girl with the Dragon Tattoo was one of the most overrated bestsellers in recent years.  You can check out my separate review on that book, so I won't go into detail here.  As for the Snowman, wow!  A terrific story, brilliantly constructed, and gripping throughout with many twists and a great ending.  This was my first Nesbo novel and I was very impressed.  An amazing thriller.  I took a star off - and perhaps I'm nitpicking - because some of the prose was very sluggish and choppy at times, presumably from the translation.  I found the cadence of the wording to be a little odd at times.  However, that is not a deterrent from enjoying the book.  Highly recommended.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|more needless tinkering and mediocre enhancements have begun totally detracting my interest from these films. a sad day. save your money for something that will make you happy, rather than hysterical.
B004T5K3OK|5.0|I used the free version for several months.  I paid the full price some time ago and have not been disappointed.  At 1.99, this is a steal.
1442344989|4.0|I knew that this book (A stolen life) would be hard to listen to and the first part of it was...however, I found myself  getting impatient with the author, especially when she says things like wanting to see her Loving Mother again being about number  five on the list of things she wants to do one day....and she barely mentions her two daughters....as if they were not as important  to her as her cats!  I would gasp at how angry she was at her step father and how humiliating this book must have been for him to  read.  He never really did anything bad to her but she kept an 11 year old mindset about him the entire time...wow...did she ever  get even with that guy!
B0054SMIH6|4.0|Plenty here to keep wheels of your mind working.  Matt continues to work out, as evidenced by the body shots, which is always a plus for his movies.  Best performance and movie for MMc since A Time To Kill, in my opinion.
B004EPYZSK|5.0|You already know the plot - an amnesiac cowboy, an exotic beauty, people being pulled into the sky by robot type things, and a very cranky looking Harrison Ford. When I go to movies I always have at least one of my kids along, and this one included my 13 year old daughter. We both loved it. The movie has some genuine plot surprises as well as the predictable parts, but the relationships between the characters is what drives it, as well as the spectacular special effects.<br /><br />For someone my age (old enough to be your grandmother, kid), I totally valued the way the Natives were presented. When I was young and racism was even worse than it is today, they were portrayed as ignorant bullies out to fight innocent white wagon train travelers or attack forts full of soldiers. In this movie, they are just trying to mind their own business and deal with their problems. When they link up with the cowboys, they are equals and presented with as much respect as anyone in this movie. As the mother of 3 children who have Native heritage, that was hugely important to me.<br /><br />The pacing was great, the action was fun, it was worth my time and money and I think it will be worth yours.
B004UXUS64|5.0|\\"Another Earth\\" is one of those refreshing films that I can say, in a positive tone, is unlike anything I've ever seen before.  What if there was another earth just like ours out there?  What if there was another you who made better choices?  The film deals with grief, regret, sadness, and redemption creatively.  Every time I began to roll my eyes at a plot development, a scene would come that would satisfy my skepticism.  And the ending blew me away.  While it may technically be sci-fi, it's the dramatic strength that carries the film.  It's like what \\"Million Dollar Baby\\" was to boxing.  Now this movie won't be for everyone, but I absolutely loved it, and you should really give it a try.
B0018M6J90|5.0|Set in pre-war London, when poverty was rife and jobs were few and far between, Miss Pettigrew is an unemployed nanny who tricks her way into the role of personal assistant to a young ingenue who's trying to break into the London acting scene any way she can. The movie starts out looking like any other semi slap stick romantic comedy, but it slowly twists itself into something unexpected and totally delightful. Although it has a young cast, it also has Frances McDormand and Ciaran Hines who take over the plot and tend to make this movie more appealing to adults rather than teens or early twenties. I loved this movie, it's one of the few I've ever watched more than once. So, if you want to find something  make you laugh and make you feel good on a rainy Sunday or a long Friday night - this is it.
0061730335|5.0|As I read this story, I felt like I was reading a new, modern day version of the Bible story, Noah's Ark. This is a captivating, true story of a young boy who overcame tremendous challenges to live a legacy.  He lived through several droughts and famines; he couldn't attend school due to poverty; and he experienced deaths of many close to him through hard times. Despite all this suffering, this boy had remarkable self-motivation and did the impossible. He saw a need for electricity in his rural village and he pursued a solution. Remarkable! And he accomplished this even though his fellow villagers laughed at him and called him crazy.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Moto atrix runs perfect and graphics are great. For all you that give bad reviews. Maybe get a better phone.
B000F7CMQ8|5.0|I've always loved Clark Gable and Ava Gardner in this movie. They seemed so fitted for the role. Ava Gardner has been my favorite actress for years. This movie makes you want to visit Africa in all its splendor. The acting is unmatched, scenery out of this world, and theme very good. You can see this movie time and again and won't be disappointed.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|I love this book and thoroughly enjoyed reading Travis and Abby's story.  Beware: once you start this book you will not want to put it down. I read about 80% of in one sitting, staying up until 5:00 a.m. to do so, and then immediately picked it up after going to bed for just 5 hours.  In some ways this story was like a train wreck where you can't turn away, but in most ways it was just a deliciously beautiful story of first love.  The love scenes were tasteful and romantic with not an ounce of smut.  The supporting characters were lovable and not annoying, and although the plot itself lacked a lot of realism, I couldn't help be sucked in by the drama.  I would highly recommend this book.
B005B0QYMM|5.0|this is by far the best movie i have seen this year. This movie was scarier than Insidious. This movie is ranked up with paranormal activity and blair witch. If you like the mtv show fear your going to love this movie and even if you never watch it, its still a really scary movie. check it out i thought it was very well done.
0060229357|5.0|A different kind of book that will stretch your child's imagination. My four year old granddaughter has a long attention span.  She was fascinated with every page.
0553805371|5.0|I have no doubt Stephen and Alexander made a great critisism about the today's way to see the science. I suggest you the reading of this book for the sake the knowledge. However, if you are a Catholic or religious person, I think you should think twice before reading it.
B0000BZND7|3.0|We had to watch this on our PC, vs. DVD player, due to the country encoding.  That's not the fault of the seller, but rather me.  Now I know that's something I need to verify 1st.  I must have been in a hurry and didn't notice the \\"Region 2 encoding\\" message at the below the main product info.<br />Aside from that, the item was in great condition.
B0054U58PI|4.0|I purchased 2 of these to give to my granddaughters for Christmas.  Their parents always read them bedtime stories and my 4 year old granddaughter is always pretending she is a princess.  The 2 year old will be soon I'm sure.
0439023491|5.0|I bought The Hunger Games (book 1) for my 13 year's son to read it during the summer.  He just love it.  He asked me to get this one  Thw CATCHING FIRE (book 2) and also the (book 3) that I expecting to receive it next Friday.  He is fascinated with these books.
0312427646|5.0|The Queen (yes, that's the Queen of England) unexpectedly drops into a bookmobile and unexpectedly develops a love, a passion for reading.<br /><br />That's the whole plot behind this tiny novel.<br /><br />And does she ever become a better person. She found, as she read more and more, that she could put herself into the place of someone else, that she could understand the feelings of others. \\"'At the risk of sounding like a piece of steak,' she said, `they tenderize one.'\\"<br /><br />She grows to loath her other duties. Her meetings with the Prime Minister are tedious. She finds reading the opposite of briefings, she tells him. \\"Briefing closes down a subject, reading opens it up.\\"<br /><br />But no one likes her reading. Reading made others uneasy. A conversation between the Queen and her private secretary:<br /><br />\\"'I feel, ma'am, that while not exactly elitist it sends the wrong message. It tends to exclude.'<br /><br />`Exclude? Surely most people can read?'<br /><br />`They can read, ma'am, but I'm not sure that they do.'\\"<br /><br />In the end, the Queen turns to writing, but books have had their say.<br /><br />A fun little story for those of us who love books.
0316069353|5.0|I refused to buy this book on my kindle due to the high price and I finally stopped waiting for the price to come down and got the book at the library. Like most of Connelly's books I really liked the story and while I saw the ending coming a mile away I still thought it was a great read. I'm using my kindle now to read a lot of the bargain books that are available and anything over 9.99 will just get me to the library more often.
0439023513|5.0|Great conclusion to a highly entertaining trilogy.  This is the final book in the Hunger Games series, and does not disappoint.  When I got to the end I just wished that there was a fourth book to keep the story going.
B004SKQAJI|5.0|This dvd was amazing!!!!! You wont ever see that performance again for a long time. The ordering was fast and delivery was even faster.
B004EPYZZI|1.0|I unwittingly assumed that the title \\"Soul Surfer\\" reflected the term as understood by surfers and implying  by definition no contest surfing or competitive spirit.  Well, i was clearly wrong on that.  Not only did  it not mean that, it meant Soul as in Christian, save your soul.    To add to the disappointment:  the movie never really shows the suffering, frustration, and hard work that must have been part of her  recovery and her life.  For example, when she looks in the mirror at herself after her stub of an arm  is uncovered there is a brief pause where you can sense her discomfort, but nothing heavy, like it must  have really felt at all !!! The director didnt go there.  And, she is shown working out, but it's in a  \\"Rocky\\" type set of scenes where she goes from one exercise to the next with eye of the tigerish sound  in the background.  No real struggle shown here again.    I was really looking forward to this movie and was extremely disappointed.  It was like some kind of surfy Christian motivational porn.    As with Christmas and Easter ( to name a couple ) Christians are now usurping surfing and surfing success.    If you want to watch a surfing movie, rent Endless Summer for the 46th time and you will be much happier  than if you watch this.    Lame acting  Lame casting  Lame directing  Okay surf scenes ( probably bought from someone else )
B000EGDB10|4.0|De Palma with M1 was given a very ordinary screenplay and applied masterful visual planning to a so-so script. No one assembles shots and moves the camera better then De Palma. The premise to M1 isn't convincing. Of the dead IMF agents at the Prague embassy recovered would have been Jack, Sarah and Hanna. Obviously the audience knows Ethan is not the mole. The only 2 unaccounted agents would be Jim and Claire. The CIA would have had a team trying to recover the missing bodies and another team trying to find the missing agents. The CIA would not have implicated Ethan that quickly without Jim and Claire's dead bodies on a morgue slab. The CIA doesn't work that way.  When the big scene came as to who the traitor was it became extremely anti-climatic. Turning Phelps into a post-cold war murderer and villian is paying disgusting disrespect to fans of the vintage tv show!!! The film also needed another huge action set-piece. The scene where Ethan had the black hood removed was building to a huge clinical gun battle and when nothing happened something was badly missing. There should have been a shoot-out at that point leading into a hi-tech, hi-octane car chase sequence!! Still I'll give this film 4 stars because of De Palma's masterful visual planning.
B003ZDZ1WG|5.0|I love \\"if I die young\\" sooooo much. Just right after I listened to this song on TV, searched and owned this CD. Other songs are also amazing and easy to listen everywhere. I really attracted by it and never believe this is their debut album... After all, their talent is amazing.
B00371QQ0M|4.0|I can see why Lynch wanted his name removed from the extended cut. Scenes where sanitized and removed which damaged Lynch's intended vision. The only seeable problem with the theatrical version was the prologue with Virginia Marsden that didn't work. Lynch captures the visionary mythology of Frank Herberts novel and once you've seen DUNE you will feel like you've been to DUNE. The production design throughout the film is densely detailed in creating the three planets. The cinematography is distinctly that of a David Lynch film. The film has a spiritual, Godly feel as we see the messanic rise of the protoganist in becoming a superbeing and bringing rain and water to Arrakis. The score in the film is one of the most moving scores in underpinning the emotional mood of this sci-fi epic. DUNE can be seen as a parallel to Earth's attachment to oil in the Middle East and an old testament tale with strong references to Islam and the jihadist revolution. The way characters in DUNE are depended on the spice melange to bend space and travel the universe without moving can be seen as our addiction to oil. The planet Arrakis is basicaly the sun-drenched, waterless Middle Eastern desert. This movie by Lynch for me is far more satisfying then THE LORD OF THE RINGS (which are undoubtly great films) but is thematically are more ambitous and extremely complex story to adapt to film. Nevertheless Lynch brings it off in a style of an auteur then another studio job by a standard studio director. For me this film is a religious experience. Harry Georgatos
0316044695|5.0|This book was recommended to me by Steve Curo.  It was an excellent suggestion, especially for a vacation read.  It was a awesome book about navy seal training, and a huge adventure of life and death.  It was written by Marcus Luttrell, and talks about a firefight he was in with some other seals.  They were discovered by some sheep ranchers, but then these men informed the Taliban.  These guys came looking for the seals, and what happens next is just sad and amazing.  Tons of people die, but Marcus lives, after fighting off these killers for days.  This guy is truly a bad dude.  He even makes some political comments throughout the book which are interesting.  The book is really a good read, and interesting as well as highly entertaining.  You grief over the lose of life, but you are impressed by the warrior spirit of this seal.  One of the best parts of the book is him talking about the training that he had to go through in order to be a seal.  It is truly intense.  This was definitely a good book to read on vacation.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I've bought Star Wars on all formats since VHS. I debated whether I should buy this set and finally cave in when the documentary features were announced. I pre-ordered, yesterday, and hours later the report of the new alterations came in. Boy did I get the message. This will be the first time I won't be buying Star Wars. I've had enough of all this. I'll keep my DVDs, with the original as \\"special features\\" (thanks George) and won't care they're not HD. They are the movies I remember and have grown to love. And if you hate this changes and still buy this box set because you are a \\"fan\\", you are part of the problem.
B0035V35P8|4.0|It is quite interesting to see Rain, a K-Pop star, portraying a bad-ass ninja assassin rogue, but honestly, the movie is not bad by any means. Rain did an exceptional job, and even transformed his body for the role (take that, T. Lautner). The gore can be a bit much at times, but honestly, it probably saved the film. If you enjoy a dark story, blood, and some nicely orchestrated martial arts, you'll enjoy this film.
B003MOHX8S|5.0|Ill tell you what.  I love soundtrack music.  And ill tell you what.  I had a heart attack listening to this.  This group needs to hit major cities and preform.  Pure artwork.......download the whole album....it inserts life, motivation, thought, and meaning into everything!  A must buy!!!!!!!!
B002SLIALA|5.0|I enjoy this series for it's great characters and good stories.  The lack of sex and foul language is refreshing for those who prefer that sort of entertainment. I'd recommend it.
034552554X|3.0|I must begin with saying that the \\"flower dictionary\\" at the end of this book is totally worth the price of the book. I absolutely loved the premice of the meaning of flowers being the base of this story. That is the reason that I chose to read the book...and in this, I was not disappointed. Northern California makes a beautiful backdrop for the tale of, Victoria, a recently emancipated, 18 year old foster child. The San Francisco Bay area its self is magnificently described here...and I truly could hear the ocean and smell the Redwoods and the vineyards. The flowers are the stars of this show....have no doubt. They are mesmerizing.    I am afraid my affection for \\"The Language of Flowers\\" ends with the flowers. The story is pretty abysmal. We are swept along on the adventure with Victoria...who is the most unrealistically lucky person who has ever existed. She just falls into one ridiculously fortuitous situation after another. This is unfortunate, because the author presents some really serious issues here. Clinical depression, post-partum depression, the horrifically flawed foster parent program are all here...but pathetically brushed aside for Hallmark Channel type fluff. We are spirited along for two thirds of the book while being promised the revelation of a secret. The secret is ultimately revealed and to say it makes no sense is a serious under statement.    I admit that I was drawn in by the \\"gimmick\\" of the flower definitions. And that part worked for me...so, 3 stars. I must mention here that this is not the first book of late to use the hook of a \\"gimmick\\"....everyone has read \\"The Help\\"...I cannot help but make the leap to the fact that that  author also made very good use of a gimmick...and that story was not very well written either...
B004JZBGWI|5.0|The updates continue to improve an already fantastic app. A must have app for me,love it . Always my first download on a new phone.
0553801473|3.0|I read the first Ice and Fire books years ago, a couple of years before Feast for Crows even came out.  So its safe to say Ive been waiting a 'while' for this book.  I did the whole, check the website, mark my calender, hooray the book is coming out... only to see its not again and again.<br /><br />So the book was scheduled for release same day my wife was scheduled to have a baby!  I went to the store the night before and haggled the lady at the counter \\"please let me buy it tonight, I promise I wont tell anyone\\".  She wouldnt relent, and lucky me I managed to stop at the bookstore on the way to the hospital.<br /><br />The next several days I had lots of time to do nothing but wait at times.  I simply couldnt get interested in the book.  It started slow.  I can live with that.  So over the next couple of weeks I continued reading a little here and a little there.  Certainly not the 3am page turner that the first books were.<br /><br />What it really comes down to is this.  Martin spent a lot of pages writing about characters who are very interesting, yet doing nothing.  Presidents are probably interesting guys when doing their job.  Presidents eating breakfast not so much.  Yet I feel this is the direction Martin has taken.  Writing lots of pages about interesting characters doing very uninteresting things.<br /><br />I cant say I did not like the book.  I liked it, but I liked it a lot less than I thought I would and after a what... 6 year wait I was hoping for a lot more.<br /><br />One can only hope that Feast For Crows and Dance With Dragons is the calm before some giant storm that is to be the next in the series.  Im really hoping Martin doesnt take a detour down Robert Jordan street and write 10 more books about nothing.
1451629184|4.0|I would recommend this book for any avid reader.  There was good information and great details on the things that Jaycee went through.  The book was all I thought it would be and more.  I purchased this book at Amazon.com and the book arrived very quickly.
B004T5K3OK|5.0|Look, I like love free as much as the next person. I've used the free version for about a year now and when I saw the full license for $1.99 I couldn't pass it up.   When I'm on the road for business and can't get to my office this app is invaluable. Whether you're a business owner, student, or your average Joe... Believe me when I say this deal is a no brainer.
B00197POXG|5.0|I was so excited to find the entire 6 seasons of Dr. Quinn Medicine woman at such a fabulous price.  Very nicely packaged.  Prompt service.
B000YDOOU0|4.0|nice collaboration with Sanchez and McBride. a nice listen and a typical Metheny production. well worth the purchase and should be enjoyable for all time.
140131046X|5.0|Mitch Albom has written such a beautiful story about how our lives are intertwined with those around us and how our faith is such an integral part of who we are as human beings.  His journey with his rabbi and with his friend Henry are chronicled in this wonderful book.  I read this book during a dark period in my life and cannot say enough about how much it lifted my spirits.  Sharing our lives and our experiences with other and looking out for those around us.  This book will make you want to do both.
B005FJ7DOM|5.0|This film is a cross between The Road and a killer vampire flick. This is definitely one of the best american horror films this year.
B002VRZEYM|5.0|Great film! Not only is the cinematography great but the story of our food supply is definitely eye-opening! Stream/Rent/Buy this doc won't disappoint.
1439190275|5.0|It may not be the only pathway, but it is one and it is a good one.  After reading some of the one star ratings.  Some of which were written by people who did not read this book or any of Dr Atkins books, I felt it worthwhile to share my experience.  One criticism in particular advocated vegan diets as a solution to obesity.  I would love to be able to do a vegan or vegetarian diet.  In fact, I have, but could never get the results I desired nor was I able to stay on it for a long time.  It is horribly laborious and unsatisfying for me.  I have not read this particular book, but I have read the original Dr Atkins Diet Revolution and New Diet Revolution and have a 50 year experience with obesity.  Atkins is the diet on which I lost the most weight and kept it off the longest.  I went from 330 pounds down to 210.  Not only that, my blood chemistry improved dramatically.  I went from triglyceride levels averaging 400 to 700 (once as high as 1200) down to 80.  Cholesterol stayed around 150.  One reviewers reference to there being no professional athletes on the diet quite possibly ignores one group in particular - body builders.  They are notorious for using what used to be known as Ketogenic diets to bulk up and get lean.  Yes, they'd eat carbohydrates before competition, but frequently during training they'd avoid them.  This is what works for me.  Ketogenic diets do have an effect on the brain.  They are in fact known to cure certain seizure disorders.  My particular neurochemistry seems to respond almost magically to it.  Maybe you will or won't.  If not, try something else.  For me, the desire to overeat vanishes when I start throwing off ketones.  In this world, there are frequently many solutions to complex problems and obesity is complex and difficult.  Whatever works for you is great, but there are people like myself with a lifelong struggle who are constantly pulled back to Atkins because nothing else works, and the bottom line here is, the weight must come off.  Whether or not the diet is healthy is debatable, but a pedantic statement by one author declaring it to have been proven unhealthy is false.  One author compares Atkins defenders to global warming debunkers.  Like global warming, there are too many still unknown variables to be absolutely certain of its cause, cure, and long term prospects.  It is arrogant to say the science is settled.  That's been said many times before about scientific theories that have later been proven false.  All the complexities of this or any other planet's climate system is not known.  We're not that smart yet.  The same is true of overweight and obesity.  The science of why and what to do about it is certainly not settled.  If a particular diet gets the weight off, that's what matters.  There are a lot of diets out there and if there is a consensus as to which one is healthiest, it's not obvious.  Even if there was, if you just can't tolerate the diet that would be agreed upon as being the most healthy for a long enough period to get the weight off, then what good is it?  Atkins is tolerable and pleasurable.  Other diets, not so much.  That's why I fail at them and succeed at Atkins, no matter how many times I try to deny it, but I'm done with that.  It's Atkins forever for me.
B004CJB0CM|5.0|First I'd like to say, the bluray version is not in HD except for the intro clip. Save yourself some money and get the DVD version.    My girlfriend and I got this so we can workout together. I've been doing some type of cardio since college and thought this would be a cakewalk. But even at level 1 I get drenched by the end of the workout. It's a nice change of pace from the gym to be honest. A workout takes less than 30 minutes to complete, including warmup and cooldowns. There are 3 workouts or levels on this video. Each workout is broken into 3 circuits. And each circuit consists of 2 strength, 2 cardio and 1-2 core exercises. Individual exercises never go over a minute, so even if they are particularly hard you can push through it. Overall this looks like a well designed workout and I recommend it.
B002K0WBXW|5.0|This was the most awesome movie and the cost and delivery service was very reasonable.  I would recommend this business to anyone who is looking for a movie.
B001JNNDGA|5.0|What can you say about this powerful portrayal of the history of Christ's sacrifice on the cross made even more moving by the clarity of Blu-Ray?  I purchased it to show to a Spanish group at church, and this is made possible by the Spanish subtitles.  It will be shown through a EPSON projector with HDMI capabilities.  When testing it out it looked excellent.  The whole experience with the purchase through Amazon.com was very, very good.  The product arrived in a timely fashion.  I highly recommend both the video and Amazon.com.
B001E45XT4|3.0|This is a gaming headset, which means many users will be wearing this on their head for 2+ hours at a time.<br />Now let me tell you, the ear cups are made of foamy, fuzzy, porous material that doesn't do a very good job of noise-cancelling, but an amazing job of making your ears feel like they are inside of a furnace.<br /><br />Design-wise, they are mediocre; the red stuff on the outside of the ear cups are not even remotely cool-looking in real life, nor do they light up or anything, for those of you who are wondering. The in-line volume control and mic-mute is a great thing to have, however.<br /><br />Quality? Nothing special. Definitely not something with which you would listen to music.<br />The mic quality is pretty terrible. It does not do a very good job at picking up your voice (and when it does, it sounds quiet and staticky), but will pick up a lot of background noise (fan, typing, closing doors, background voices)<br /><br />On Durability. The GameCom 367's are QUITE large and heavy. For me, that was a double-edged sword. It was big enough to fit over my large head, but the weight caused strain in my neck and became painful after long hours of gaming. The heavy build makes it pretty darn durable, but it takes up a whole lot of space.<br /><br />Overall, this is a 'so-so' purchase for the offered price at Amazon, but nothing I'd recommend unless you are in dire need for a long-lasting, low quality headset.<br /><br />**DON'T buy it because it 'looks cool' because honestly, it doesn't once you see it in real life.
B004UUKDNA|4.0|This album has some amazing tracks (although I grow bored of \\"Pumped Up Kicks\\" because it's always on the radio) such as \\"Warrant\\" and \\"Don't Stop\\" and \\"I Would Do Anything for You,\\" etc. Some of their atmospheric sort of psychedellic stuff makes me think of the Beatles, no joke, and it's really good: they weave a story through the music that makes you want to listen to it over again.     If you want something upbeat, this is what you want; and although summer is ending, this will live on to see the next summer.
B004UID2LC|5.0|This is a great app, works perfectly. I have never had any problems downloading. The items also download with high quality. Tmobile comet
B0025VLELQ|4.0|This video has aged fairly well considering the advances in technology in the last 25 years. If you liked it as a video the blu-ray will be a treat. An oldie but a goody.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|Okay the game its self is fun and on the Galaxy S from Sprint the graphics are great.  The down side is the game has a tendency to lose data and makes you start over randomly.  I haveread this in a number reviews an has happened to me twice.  You would the devs care about user experience and would at least hire someone to fix what thier programming staff cannot apparently.  Love the game it is definitely a time killer when it works.  I have had this game for over 3 months and still no patch to fix the data saves and or the slow loading time.  i have one of the most powerful Androids on the market at the time of this review and it is not bogged down with apps taking up memory and space to create the slowness in loading.  The refrence tree they use for recalling statments needs some work to address load times in recalling game save information.
0756404738|5.0|I waited like so many for this one and the wait was worthed. Patrick Rothfuss nailed again, a great read from start to finish. I still scratch my head trying to figure out how in heavens this guy is able to write 800 plus pages without turning the excitement down...It is just incredible.    No spoilers from me!!!....Ill just say that its getting darker (and that is a good thing)...cant wait for day 3.    Cheers
B0054SMIH6|4.0|This movie has some interesting twists that will keep you guessing what will happen next.  There are some funny scenes in the beginning and Matthew McConaughy gives a solid performance as a slick and very successful lawyer.  When he decides to represent a rich and spoiled murder suspect, the story really becomes much more serious and the drama takes off!  Even though I don't like lawyers, I would have The Lincoln Lawyer represent me if I was ever in a jam.  Four stars!
0060853972|5.0|A marriage made in heaven...or hell??....Mr. Gaiman and Mr. Pratchett what a duo. Good Omens its what??....refreshing??..indeed it is. Knowing myself and the way I read (extremely fast) I did something different this time around. I only read 1 or 2 chapters of the book everyday after office...Ill tell you it just increased the pleaure of this great read.    Great characters, nutty situations, off the hook plot and the usual amount of demons, angels etc etc...    Excellent read!!!    Cheers.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Yes, I bought this for me, not my grandchildren. This gem was made long before computer animation. Back when each cel was drawn & painted by hand. Watch this movie. Pause it at any location and look at the incredible detail. This is a true work of art. A timeless masterpiece to be enjoyed at any age.
B004T5K3OK|5.0|Easy upload to dropbox or create an evernote note. It is just easy and convenient.   I have a nexus s and even with its camera the scans are crisp and scanned worthy.
B004Y1USV2|5.0|Fly from Here CD shows all the virtuosity of this wonderful prog band. At the start of the hearing seemed Drama CD, but listen more carefully, we find that there is an improvement over this previous work, especially on guitars and keyboards. Great work, great production.
B000F1IQN2|4.0|In 1972, during the summer Olympics in Munich, Germany Palestinian terrorists killed 2 members of the Israeli wrestling team and kidnapped 9 others.  They along with all 9 Olympians were ultimately killed before leaving the country.  Although some of the eventual operation to assassinate those responsible remains secret, much is known as well.  Based on George Jonas' novel \\"Vengeance\\", director Steven Spielberg fills in the gaps with this excellent thriller.  Eric Bana gives a powerful performance as the leader of a 5 man operation assigned the task of killing the leaders responsible for the attack.  The group surprisingly is not an elite unit in the usual sense.  Avner (Bana) is a mid level Mossad agent but had worked as a body guard for Prime Minister Golda Meir.  The other 4 are similarly a bit out of their element.  Although the film clearly separates the good guys from the bad guys, Spielberg still manages to make each character sympathetic in some way.  Avner and others in the group confront moral choices.  Is this murder or justice?  The film has a top notch cast including Geoffrey Rush as the Unit's government contact, Daniel Craig as the driver and the Unit tough guy.  Mathieu Amalric is especially effective as the French connection that helps with locations and logistics.  The film focus however is on Avner and begins to meanders a bit as his episodes of depression result in flashbacks to the original terrorist attack.  I guess that keeps him and us centered on why the mission is necessary.  Overall this is a fine political thriller based on real events.
B00177YA1K|4.0|Good and funny movie.  Of course it is helpful if you enjoy SiFi movies.  Fast deilvery as usual, and no problems.
B0007OCG56|5.0|I've seen this movie quite a few times and it's one of my favorites.  It's a really beautiful film with a lot of depth.  Unfortunately, it is very underrated and a lot of people probably expected a comedy because of Adam Sandler, but this is not the case.  This is definitely a drama, with very few comical scenes.  The character of Flor is what makes this movie a gem.  She is a very elegant, hard-working woman with a high sense of morality and integrity. Her character in comparison with Deborah's wealthy, so-cal mom personality, is very close to reality.  The children also make this film a delight and their performances are superb. The character of Bernice will warm your heart. Adam Sandler also does a great job in this film as a warm, loving, and sensitive father and husband.  The most powerful and moving aspect of this story is the relationship between Cristina and her mother, Flor.  Flor is the kind of woman who will sacrifice everything for her daughter and wants to protect her daughter from becoming a superficial, shallow, teenage girl with no values and priorities. The way Flor raises Cristina is definitely something to be admired and Cristina's respect for her mother is clearly visible and very touching.  The way that Flor devotes herself to her daughter will move you to tears.  The relationship between Flor and Adam Sandler's character will also move you.  A beautiful, underrated film.
B0050N8N0Q|5.0|Obviously, pumped up kicks drew me to listen to this album.  I was surprised how upbeat and catchy most of the songs are.  Although I usually wouldn't listen to music like this, there is just something about it that keeps you coming back.  The more I listened, the more I like all of them.  My current favorite is \\"I Would do Anything for You.\\"  I love the piano line, how abruptly it ends, just perfect.<br /><br />Great stuff, but give it time.  If you're looking for 8 tracks of pumped up kicks, you're in the wrong place.
0345522478|5.0|Wow! What a terrific start to a series!<br /><br />This is a character driven novel.  There are actually two main characters, Atticus and his wolfhound, Oberon.  These two carry on a mind reading dialog that is thoughtful and very funny.  I am truly a cat person but would love to have a dog like Oberon.  I am also truly infatuated with Atticus; he is so charming that he has all the goddesses hot for him, too.  Atticus is portrayed so humanly and so  realistically and his superpowers are so strong that we are totally impressed by his kindnesses and generosity. There is plenty of action and our hero's life is endangered time and again.  He never makes stupid mistakes but doesn't see some things coming at him.  He has a strong set of back-up lawyers who happen to be werewolves and a vampire.  I must mention the cover art is an accurate depiction of this hero, from his appearance to the sword to the necklace full of magical charms (three cheers for Mr. Hearne's publisher's art department).<br /><br />There are numerous mythological characters, paranormals and witches.  We are never info-dumped, but we are introduced and made to understand the world these creatures inhabit without ever thinking we want to get on with the story.  The story unfolds while we are absorbing the worlds of all the fantasy beings.  The magic is sometimes funny and often scary but we are always made aware of the \\"whys and hows\\" of the magical realm.  This puts us right in the midst of this fantasy world.
0439796644|5.0|Just loved the book.  Excellent. Written in 'first person' from the horses viewpoint. Very good, but made me cry at times. Have to see the movie when it comes out.
B003L77GRO|5.0|Loved the latest series. I couldn't let my blue ray cool off until I'd seen it all.  Can't wait for the sixth season.
B005HED5YW|5.0|i am soooo enjoying watching these on my 2nd screen while i work - beautifully remastered - they all looks so good , and it is such a treat
B00166BL6Y|5.0|Jethro Tull are a fantastic band who were never content to stay in ne musical territory for too long, over the years their sound completely transformed time and time again with member changes, technological advancements and age all altering the feel and direction of the music and lyrics primarily written by flute wielding frontman Ian Anderson.<br /><br />The band's debut album `This Was,' sounds perhaps the most different of all, as a large portion of the album was written by then guitarist Mick Abrahams (later of Blodwyn Pig) and is more rooted in the blues and jazz than in rock or folk like their more famous material.<br /><br />The album features the tracks \\"My Sunday Feeling,\\" \\"Some Day the Sun Won't Shine For You,\\" and \\"A Song For Jeffrey\\" which owners of Tull DVDs or remasters will likely already be familiar with. As well as, in addition to these, the fabulous original studio version of their superb `Dharma For One,' instrumental/drum solo.<br /><br />Also on the album is the Roland Kirkland jazz cover `Serenade Of The Cuckoo,' and the traditional `Cat's Squirrel,' as made famous by Cream, both here in a unique Tull flavour.<br /><br />Obviously, as this was the band's first ever record and recorded on the cheap, it won't sound the absolute best, either in terms of production or just plain old professionalism, but it does have an undeniable charm derived from a time when music was handled in a very different way to how it is now.<br /><br />This version comes in a neat dual digi-pak case, and comes with a whole host of bonus material, including rare studio bonus tracks like `Love Story,' `Christmas Song,' `Sunshine Day,' and `One For John McGee,' which all make a nice addition to the album; as well as two brief live sets taken from BBC's Top Gear programme, both in 1968, which contains the non-album tracks `Stormy Monday,' (a T-Bone Walker cover) and `So Much Trouble.'<br /><br />In addition to all of this bonus material, you get the choice between the album's original mono and new stereo editions, which are mixed slightly differently as well as just the difference in number of channels.<br /><br />At 35 tracks, this is certainly excellent value for money and a must-have for any Tull fan who wants to see just where the band came from. If you are a new Jethro Tull fan enticed in by promises of either rock or prog, start with albums like `Aqualung,' `Thick As A Brick,' or `Heavy Horses,' but everyone should eventually pick up a copy of This Was, and this 40th Anniversary edition is a fine way to do so.re mixed slightly differently as well as just the difference in number of channels.    At 35 tracks, this is certainly excellent value for money and a must-have for any Tull fan who wants to see just where the band came from. If you are a new Jethro Tull fan enticed in by promises of either rock or prog, start with albums like `Aqualung,' `Thick As A Brick,' or `Heavy Horses,' but everyone should eventually pick up a copy of This Was, and this 40th Anniversary edition is a fine way to do so.
0307359913|5.0|I have tried everything the past couple of years to lose weight.  I've walked 4 - 5 times a week, dieted, cut back and nothing worked.  My neighbor came over and had been on the Dukan Diet and couldn't believe what she had lost.  I started it the next day and after the first 2 days it was easy.  In the first week I lost 10 pounds!!!!!
B003NX75B8|5.0|I loved loved loved Will Grayson, Will Grayson. I'm having a hard time writing this review because I loved it so much.    The characters are real and true to themselves. They are true to high school boys and girls. Tiny's view on relationships may seem ridiculous to some, but it was quite realistic.    I loved the growth of both Will Graysons and the alternating chapters on viewpoints. I loved the fact that these characters were real. I loved the fact that they acted like real teenagers and weren't fake because that would be offensive.    The writing style was wonderful, the idea was wonderful, and the message about GLBTQ teens was wonderful.    Overall, I LOVED LOVED LOVED it. Yes, I will say it again. If you want raw, real characters read this book. If you want a story where you want to know how it ends, read this book. If you want a contemporary YA novel about romance, love, and growing up read this novel.  I'm even thinking of buying my own copy so that I can have a copy on my shelves because I loved it so much.
B004LWZVZM|5.0|This movie is absolutely stunning! It was shot in Savannah, GA and the scenes are beautiful. I highly recommend this movie for all people of all ages.
0061766089|3.0|I had to read this book for class, and I have to say that it was actually a great read.<br />There are many insights in this book, but at times it can be hard to follow.<br /><br />Though we had discussions on chapters every time the class met, I (and some fellow classmates) had trouble following what was going on.<br />We all interpreted what was said a bit differently, but after discussion usually came to the same conclusions.<br /><br />I don't usually rate books, but I guess the reason I'm even bothering to rate this is because this book is actually really insightful.<br />As hard as it is to follow sometimes, this book will provide you with great insights and ways of thinking. I just wish it was a bit of an easier read.
B004DK5CYM|5.0|I was a part of the Secretariat craze. Saw him win at Belmont. What a mind-boggling performance. Disney did a good job telling the story and Lane did a good job portraying our no-nonsense heroine. Fast shipping and excellent service on the part of Amazon.
B005ISQ7JM|4.0|Provides a good overview of HTML5. It is a quick read and gives reasonable insight into  where HTML is headed.
0439023521|5.0|I loved this book so much. The premise has me thinking and intrigued and I want to read more. I can understand completely why this book is so popular now. Dystopian novels are by far my favorite and this category fits into it perfectly. I cannot wait to see how the second book starts because of the way this book ended
B004EBUXSA|5.0|The 2600K. It doesn't need much of an introduction but I'll add my two cents. First of all I really like this CPU and Z68 and am glad I got it. I really like the Sandy-Bridge platform so far.  I wanted to do some overclocking, be able to use the integrated gpu with Quicksync alongside my GTX580, and have 8 threads on tap for apps like X-Plane. So this cpu and the Z68 chipset is a great low-cost, high-performance solution.      That being said, it's not the best CPU in it's class overall, for every user. If it had VT-d and Trusted Execution Technology, then it would be. As it is, most people would probably find the 2400 on a Z68 motherboard ideal, overall, as it does everything well. Most gamers/overclockers on a budget would be better off with the 2500K on a P67 motherboard, getting a great overclocking cpu and saving a hundred bucks to put toward the best 3D card they can afford.    There is some confusion because of how Intel have their i7 product line segmented, with three types of sockets and multiple chipsets. But it's really pretty simple if you just focus on Sandy bridge and socket 1155. I think there's three main choices that present the most value and performance, the 2400, the 2500k, or the 2600K. Most day-to-day home or office computer users and overclockers/gamers won't need this particular i7 cpu and would be well-served by either the 2400 or the 2500K, respectively. Those who need Trusted Execution Technology (TET) and VT-d and also want Quicksync have the 2400 or 2600 to choose from. The 2400 with a Z68 motherboard is a real sweet spot for value/performance and does everything well. It has all the features except an unlocked multiplier, but it does have the ability to overclock the turbo mode (which I expect works well overall in current games that don't utilize lots of threads ). So I'm sure that the 2400 would suit most people overall, even power users and those who play demanding games. Enthusiasts who mainly want to overclock and get the best 3D card they can afford but don't care about quicksync or Hyper-Threading would be happy with the unlocked 2500K and a P67 based motherboard. Those like me who want overclocking , quicksync, and all 8 threads have this great cpu. If it did VT-d and TET it would be truly all-purpose. As it is performance-wise it can hold it's own compared to the thousand-dollar 980X. If you run X-plane and overclock then this is for you! Eight fast threads. Yum.      I upgraded from an Intel X3380 overclocked to 3.8ghz on Gigabyte EP45-UD3P with ddr2-1066. This is a nice upgrade. Not revolutionary, but nice and smooth. I'm not sure how much of the added performance is from the ddr3/z68 platform and how much is just this cpu, but I'm happy. Eight threads is nice! Nifty processor. Very fast. Runs at low temperatures. Efficient power-management that never seems to effect performance. Value-priced (remember when an unlocked cpu used to cost a grand?). I'm assuming that most people considering this cpu are planning to overclock it, and from what I can tell it's ideally suited to that, except for the fan/heatsink that comes with it being kind of puny for serious overclocking. I'm using a Noctua NH-U12P and it's great.    I have it installed on an Intel DZ68DB motherboard with 16gb of Crucial Vengeance ddr3-1600 and a Kingston 64gb SSD V+ with windows7 64bit. As an aside, I know it's a bit strange that after everything I just said about overclocking then I got this motherboard, which is not an \\"enthusiast\\" motherboard. But the fact is that Sandy bridge makes it so easy to overclock that unless you plan to push really high voltages you don't need to spend a lot on an enthusiast board to get most of what the cpu has to offer. I wanted an Intel board, so that's what I got. I like their extensive product support, attention to sound engineering over hype, the onboard Intel NIC, and overall system stability. And who better to integrate drivers for their own chipset? I'm not sure what I gave up by choosing this motherboard, except the ergonomics of this board are not the best. The PCI-Ex16 slot is way too close to the cpu and ram, and ram is too close to the cpu socket. Nonetheless, I got everything crammed in there with good airflow and it can overclock enough to suit my needs so far. I'm not sure how much of a gain there would be to push it much harder, to have all cores running at peak all the time. I wouldn't mind higher clocks full-time but I like it the way I have it set up. It's so efficient, cool, and stable, and snappy performance. Once I start using X-Plane I might want more speed on all eight threads at once, we will see. The board can support that if I want. But I'm just biding my time till Ivy bridge and socket 2011 anyway.    So far I have just been adjusting the max turbo frequency. I settled at 46 for one/two cores, 45 for three cores, 41 for four cores. Works great. I like it this way for a number of reasons. I have Hyper-threading enabled and all the power management features enabled. When idle it sits quietly and cool at 1.6ghz .99v. It can spike up to 4.6ghz with up to four threads cranking along (hello games), hover around 4.5-4.4ghz under heavier loads, and fully stressed it cruises at a steady and cool 4.1ghz/1.26v (8 threads maxed!). It does all this without ever going over 1.34v/55C which is well-within spec and I haven't even tweaked the voltages, just let the motherboard handle that automatically on default setting. I did raise the wattage for burst and sustained mode, but only modestly (134/128). I left the max cpu amperage at 97. I had to mplay around with the burst/sustain mode levels and the relative max turbo levels per core until I settled on this stable configuration. I could easily push this rig harder to full-time OC at 4.4/4.5ghz by turning on Turbo fulltime and adjusting voltages manually, the board supports  that, but it's working so well the way it is that I don't want to change it. (besides it's not the beefiest board andI don't want to accidentally cook it).    I am liking it the way it is. I am getting 4.4ghz-4.6ghz consistently in games, which is great. Performance/feel is smooth. Handbrake rips average about 200fps (8 threads at 4.1ghz), which ain't bad, but I thought it would be better than that. The x3380 got about 150fps on average. Who knows, might be running into the limitations of the hard drive config. Have to play with that.    When I setup another monitor with the on-board video and start using quicksync things will really start getting interesting. Also when I get my X-Plane cockpit rigged up. I wish I could add that to the review but I don't have any experience with either yet, I just know that the hardware is supposed to work well. We'll see. I'll add that to the review when I have some results.     Anyway, happy camper here. thanks.
B001IF5YLQ|5.0|Great and does what it says it does.<br /><br />Just one note, be careful: there are a lot of knockoffs of this out there on Amazon.<br /><br />I can confirm this is the REAL Apple Mini DisplayPort to DVI Adapter and it works flawlessly with my 2011 13\\" Macbook Pro connecting to a Samsung monitor.<br /><br />Though I have to say, for a simple converter it is a bit expensive. But it works as advertised.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I cancelled my order because George has finally gone to far!!!!! How the hell did Artoo get in that small cave and how did he get out? The Darth Vader \\"No\\" yell is dumb beyond reason! The Obi-Wan yell is terrible as well. The lightsabers aren't updated or fixed? WTH?!!! George has gone mad!!!!
1451629184|4.0|Interesting book. Really helped to try and understand what those girls must have endured. More than that, 'how' someone can survive such horror.
0375842209|5.0|I loved the style of this book, and the narrator. The story was told very interesting. I was surprised upon reading because I did not realize when I started that it was a WWII novel. It was a refreshing twist on the WWII novel.    The only thing that bothered me was (and it may just be me) I felt a bit of romance between Liesel and Max (who are 10+ years apart in age!) That part made me a little uncomfortable.    I would definitely recommend this book. It is, to me, one of the MUCH better WWII books out there.
B005EY2XFC|5.0|This movie was the perfect storm of dark story meeting edgy director and then finally perfect cast. I say perfect cast because everyone remembers Brandon Lee's iconic Eric Draven, a role he would have been remembered for even if he wasn't killed accidentally on set. Every character was played to the brink of perfection. You hated ever inch, ever sweaty cell of those gang members, and Mr. Big was almost the personification of modern big city, dark alley evil. Ernie Hudson's street beat cop was a great link between the viewers and the world of burning Detroit.   As a reader of the original graphic novel of which the movie was based, I was worried that the tone would never make it to film, but Alex Proyas practically dunked the celluloid into blackest ink as this movie was so dark I had problems viewing it on crappy televisions.   You couldn't call Eric Draven a hero, and I don't like the term anti-hero because that doesn't fit either. The film is about love, a love so strong that it transcended death and gave a heartbroken spirit a chance to seek justice. However many years since this movies release it still hits people, every time I watch it I'm pulled back in. Its not my favorite movie, or even one I recommend to many people, what it is is a perfect storm that will never be duplicated. If they tried to make this movie again (rumor has it they are) it wont be the same. It can't be the same, as seen in the horrible sequels dumped out by hollywood goons.   I'm happy its finally come to Blu-Ray, I'm hoping to see it as crisply as I remember it being on the big screen.
B0047Y0FGY|5.0|...and that means something!  I was stifling laughs throughout multiple parts of the book in order to not disturb a sleeping husband.  Absolutely love the way she thinks and hope she'll write another book soon.
B003L77GRO|5.0|The best so far. Love lost, love gained and lost once more. And the dark passenger will ride once again. The writing and acting evolve perfectly moment to moment so wishes can come true, sometimes.
B004EBUXI0|4.0|I bought this for a very nice price and the chip is performing well. My one complaint is with the stock fan that was a pain to first get on and then off of the motherboard.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|George is a great guy but he clearly does not understand that some things are best left untouched.  His films made billions for a reason, now he is just mutilating them,  it is a shame.
0307595862|3.0|As I say in my Amazon.ca review, there's obviously a Nesbo craze on, given the other reviews. I don't see it. The Snowman is an okay story, even if the gruesome violence is overdone and there's rather too much personal stuff between Harry and Rakel. But the reader isn't part of the solving of the crimes; there's not enough to work with. Obviously the reader gets it all at the end without participation. In this way, the work is too passive so it's not really a mystery; it's a story, period. The goings-on between Hole and his boss and colleagues end up as the most interesting aspect of the narrative. My first and last Nesbo--but then I didn't take to Stieg Larson, either.
B000SMWUPS|5.0|This pouch is perfect for the arm of a wheelchair. Its great for attaching when I go to the mall..to hold a drink or other things. I dont mind being a \\"sunshine kid\\"     And it much less expensive than the one produced for the handicap. Those are overpriced which is par for accessibility items
B004C5M282|5.0|Volbeat is such a great band, its really unfortunate I didn't hear about them sooner.  I've seen them live and they are absolutely amazing!!   The album Beyond Hell/Above Heaven is great!!  Every song on their offers a flavor that cannot be described.  My favorite song on the album is Heaven Nor Hell.  The guitar and beat are just awesome!!  If you prefer the heavier side of rock, 'Evelyn' brings Napalm Death's Barney Greenway in for some raunchy yet melodically metal vocals.  I like how they plug their favorite boxer from their country of Denmark,Mikkel Kessler, in The Warrior's Call.  Its a great metal anthem, showing pride in their heritage.  Get the whole album!!! Its well worth it, and if you can SEE THEM LIVE!!!!!!
B000000OAH|5.0|Let me first make it perfectly clear that in my opinion Queen never really produced an album which is NOT uneven. Now this is to be expected - for I can't think of ANY rock album, and that surely includes the greatest (e.g. Led Zeppelin IV), which consists of songs of equal merit. The thing that does compensate for any unevenness in such cases is variety and uniqueness, and with Queen these factors loom larger than with any other band.     Apart from the first two albums and \\"News of the World\\" (1977), which I find distinctly disappointing, and \\"The Miracle\\" (1989), \\"The Game\\" (1980) and \\"The Works\\" (1984), which I find fascinating but a little TOO uneven and/or uninspired, I would give five full stars to all other albums: from \\"Sheer Heart Attack\\" (1974) to \\"Innuendo\\" (1991); yes, this does include \\"Hot Space\\" (1982), too. I can't possibly choose one album and hail it as \\"Queen's best\\"; frankly, I am a little baffled by the passion of so many people to do that, as Queen's mind-boggling diversity defies such restricted choices. Yet if I am forced to choose but one Queen album, without hesitation I will choose \\"Jazz\\" (1978). Coming as it does between \\"News of the World\\" and \\"The Game\\", the former a nearly complete disappointment and the latter containing quite a lot of pastiche, this album seems like a late-1970s maverick in Queen's discography. However this as it may, it's a masterpiece none the less for that.    To begin with, \\"Jazz\\" is a wonderful reminder that all four members of the band were marvellous composers, yet the band itself was much more than a bunch of great musicians. There are 13 songs here, distributed as follows: 5 by Freddie, 4 by Brian and 2 by Roger and John each. The weakest of these (say, \\"Fun It\\" or \\"In Only Seven Times\\"), expectedly, come from the last two fellows, but even these are excellent tracks that many a band never produced even in their best. On the other hand, John's and Roger's other contributions, \\"If You Can't Beat Them\\" and \\"More of That Jazz\\", are among the finest here. The latter, with Roger's aggressive vocals and an ingenious medley of several other tracks, is a most suitable, if a little bleak, finale.    Perhaps the most compelling thing about the album is its vastly eclectic character, matched only by \\"A Night at the Opera\\" (1975) - though even this cornerstone in the history of Queen and the rock music as a whole, at least to my mind, doesn't have quite such strong unity. Take Freddie's contributions, for instance. The mind of this amazing man apparently could conceive anything: from bizarre and superbly entertaining oddities like \\"Mustapha\\" to heartfelt ballads like \\"Jealousy\\" to energetic rockers like \\"Don't Stop Me Know\\" (with some of the most unabashedly hedonistic lyrics ever penned). To say that Freddie is at his most glittering vocal best here would be a gross understatement. Just give an ear to the haunting vocal lines of \\"Jealousy\\" or the powerful doubling of the guitar in \\"Let Me Entertain You\\" (no, Robbie Williams' song of the same name is not a cover, as some ignorant people claim) and you will know that \\"Jazz\\" is certainly one of Freddie's strongest albums, right on par with his stupendous performances in \\"A Night at the Opera\\" and \\"A Day at the Races\\" (1976).    But Queen is much more than Freddie, genius though he was, as convincingly demonstrated by his solo albums: the best among all members' yet not really a match for Queen's creations. Brian has always been a mighty driving force behind Queen's greatness, too. \\"Jazz\\" contains some extraordinary examples of his genius. \\"Leaving Home Ain't Easy\\" is a most touching ballad, excellently sung by Brian himself, and \\"Dead on Time\\" is a terrific speed rock track, Brian's unbelievable guitar work being noted numerous times. Somewhere in the middle between these extremes lie \\"Fat Bottomed Girls\\" and \\"Dreamers Ball\\", both of them deliciously naughty and wacky songs. In other albums, Brian might have done better in the solodepartment (though check \\"If You Can't Beat Them\\"!), but as far as theoretically unplayable riffs are concerned, \\"Jazz\\" delivers the goods with gusto.    The lyrics, typically for Queen, are equally diverse and powerful. These range from Freddie's extremely provocative \\"I've come here to sell you my body / I can show you some good merchandise\\" from \\"Let Me Entertain You\\" to his thought-provoking reflections in \\"Jealousy\\": \\"I wasn't man enough / To let you hurt my pride / Now I'm only left with my own jealous\\" or \\"Life is much too short / To while away with tears\\". In the rest of the album there is virtually everything: from bitter social commentary (\\"More of That Jazz\\") to downright gibberish (\\"Mustapha\\").    Technically, \\"Jazz\\" is splendidly recorded. Those claims about sloppiness I sometimes read in reviews - I really don't understand them. All instruments - and these include some rather exotic ones, such as sitar in \\"Jealousy\\" - are perfectly blended together, with exemplary clarity and without too fussy or too noisy moments; the same goes for the often elaborate vocal dubbing. Such masterful mixing gives you the opportunity to appreciate, yet again, that Queen consisted of four extremely gifted virtuosi. Freddie's and Brian's mind-blowing handling of the vocals (plus piano) and the guitars, respectively, has already been remarked upon. But please note the stunning agility of John's bass and the controlled wildness of Roger's drumming as well.    No need to waste words more. Just play it. And forget everything else.
B005KCTQSK|5.0|1. Guns And Horses 3:35 0.89<br />2. Starry Eyed 2:56 0.89<br />3. This Love (Will Be Your Downfall)<br />4. Under The Sheets<br />5. The Writer<br />6. Every Time You Go<br />7. Wish I Stayed<br />8. Your Biggest Mistake<br />9. I'll Hold My Breath<br />10. Salt Skin<br />11. Lights<br />12. Human<br />13. Little Dreams<br />14. Home<br />15. Animal<br />16. Believe Me<br />17. Your Song
B004LUS390|5.0|very good for killing time and satisfying your artistic urges wish the UI came with pop-up explanations for moons like me tho
030788743X|4.0|Picked it up. Couldn't put it down. While everyone has mentioned the exhaustive use of 80s references in their reviews, and the very elegant way that these are organic to the sorry, I'd like to focus on Cline's depiction of the future. While we've seen many different versions of dystopian futures, this one feels like its evolution is pulled directly from today's headlines. I loved his evocations of future housing, credit and social issues. Very modern and vivid and sadly too plausible. Wonderful book. Hope he has more stories from this world rattling around in his head. Great read, lots of fun and stays with you.
B005BGBPBG|1.0|The plot made absolutely no sense, from beginning to end.  It was really awkward as others said.  funny enough, the only other movie that was this bad that I stopped wished I had not gone to was fools gold, also with kate hudson.
B000000OAA|5.0|Now THAT is quite another story compared to Queen's first two albums.     \\"Sheer Heart Attack\\" does have a few moments of boredom and/or unwise excess, but on the whole this is a great rock suite in 13 parts with hardly any pauses between them. The most famous tracks, of course, are the two that later went into \\"Greatest Hits\\": the naughty and mischievous \\"Killer Queen\\" and the exhilarating \\"Now I'm Here\\". But there is so much more here. The austere \\"Flick of the Wrist\\" and the beatific \\"Lily of the Valley\\" (note Freddie's angelic voice here) are every bit as terrific. Only slightly less enjoyable are classic rock tracks like \\"Brighton Rock\\" or Roger's \\"Tenement Funster\\" (with his pleasantly harsh vocals), or perfectly crazy affairs like \\"Stone Cold Crazy\\" (uncannily close to Metallica's cover; note also Brian's demonic riffs here) or elaborate multilayered compositions such as \\"In the Lap of Gods\\", featuring Queen's trademark cornucopia of vocals. On the whole, the album has a singular drive and packs quite a punch.    Like \\"Queen II\\", the cover of \\"Sheer Heart Attack\\" was created by Mick Rock. But very much unlike its predecessor, this album is so very near the masterpiece level that it makes no sense to dwell on its minor inconsistencies. Indeed, Queen never did make an album containing only great songs, including their greatest albums, but that's to be expected of course - and uniqueness and variety more than substitute for it. If your heart is strong enough, \\"Sheer Heart Attack\\" is a sheer delectation to experience. Its more far reaching consequence is that it started the legend that produced some of the most astounding music ever recorded - almost everything between \\"A Night at the Opera\\" (1975) and \\"Innuendo\\" (1991).
B0054N73EY|2.0|RHCP is by far my favorite band and has been since BSSM.  This album is very bland and boring to me, and I've worn all their other albums out all the way back to Mother's Milk.  I still give it 2 stars for 3 of the 4 core still being here, but I'll spin up any of their other albums before I listen to this again.  I'm not into melancholy music and sorry RHCP, just not a fan of this.  I like Anthony's vocals when he's rapping / doing funk much more than him trying to seriously sing.  It kills me, but I give this a 2/5 stars.  One Hot Minute is even better than this one.  :(
B00007E7K0|5.0|The item is great. I haven't bought anything but books on here and these camera snap on lens caps help so much and were practically brand new. I'm very pleased with my purchase and the condition it was in. Now I'm not worried about scratching up the actual lens. Thanks!
0740785508|5.0|Imaginative Realism: How to Paint what doesn't exist is a heavy work of extreme complexity. It touches on every aspect of fantasy art - how to draw and paint, how to create miniatures and maquettes, how to use your works in context of print, movies, video games or amusement parks. A young person wanting to make this his career would devour it - seasoned professionals could still learn something from it. A Must Have for any artist in the Fantasy and Science Fiction genre. If you buy one book on this subject, this has to be it. I've never seen one that could touch it in scope.
B004DI7HZ6|5.0|I don't even read this type of book (vampire) and I loved it!  Not since Nora Roberts, Three Sister's, trilogy have I loved a book like this and could hardly wait for the next one to come out.  I was looking for something different and I certainly found it.  :-)  My favorite books are, The Jack Reacher books by Lee Child.
B004LL1HM4|5.0|Just one listen to on The Rolling Stone Web site as a free listen and I was hooked, best album of 2011.
0761158820|4.0|Bought this for my nine year old grandson, but he wasn't as interested as his seven year old sister, who is more into arts and crafts. We worked together on a few of the monsters and found them to be a bit challenging, even for an adult. You have to have some fairly good fine motor skills.
0743454537|4.0|It says a great deal for Jodi Picoult's writing skill and presentation that I, who object to a society that is always harping on cancer (sometimes I think the disease spreads because our society is so focused on it), would read MY SISTER'S KEEPER past the first page. I am the lone voice in the wilderness who declares that reposting and reforwarding emails about cancer, devoting whole months to it, and tying the pink ribbons endlessly is not something that we are obligated as caring human beings to keep doing.  Those who don't know me will call me insensitive and inexperienced.  Those who do know me, will know that I am qualified to draw a personal conclusion that one's identity doesn't have to be defined by having survived something awful (or been close to someone who did.)  We can be more than our victimization, and we can give ourselves permission to think of other things.<br /><br />I don't forward, I don't repost, I don't wear the ribbon for my mother and my 18-year-old cousin.  And I don't define myself as a survivor of the particular (non-cancer) trauma that shaped my own destiny.  And generally, I don't read the ribbon-bedecked books or  watch the movies -- except that I did read Jodi Picoult's MY SISTER'S KEEPER all the way through.<br /><br />It is a page turner.  And while it is frequently poetical, it isn't maudlin.  The characters are well drawn, interesting personalities that I wanted to get to know better.  And the daughter Anna, who rocks the family boat and the boats of others nearby, by taking a stand that she has the right to decide for herself if she will be a donor for her terminally ill sister is an amazing, brilliant, and completely believable kid of the current day. This unpopular stand of Anna's is what riveted me, perhaps because I related to her courage to speak the unspeakable, to risk being called heartless by daring to suggest that it might be ok to draw a different conclusion than the one that has been accepted as the only acceptable conclusion by those around her.<br /><br />For the cerebral, there is plenty thought-provoking material to feed upon, for the romantic, there is romance.  And the ending is a twist ending that comes just when the reader has their guard down, smiling at the gentle resolution, only to have it blown away.  And yet, the ironic conclusion works, because it, like real life is something that nobody saw coming.<br /><br />Debra Anne Wintsmith, author of Precious Jewels, A Seventh-Day Adventist Family Saga and voracious reader of other people's books.ose around her.    For the cerebral, there is plenty thought-provoking material to feed upon, for the romantic, there is romance.  And the ending is a twist ending that comes just when the reader has their guard down, smiling at the gentle resolution, only to have it blown away.  And yet, the ironic conclusion works, because it, like real life is something that nobody saw coming.     Debra Anne Wintsmith, author of Precious Jewels, A Seventh-Day Adventist Family Saga and voracious reader of other people's books.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|The acting is absolutely SUPERB. I will stake my reputation as the person who always picks the most Oscar winners, there will be at LEAST two nominations for supporting actress. I would like to see five, but I'll be happy with three.<br /><br />The story/screenplay is OUTSTANDING and should get a best screenplay nomination.<br /><br />The directing is SPOT ON amazing.<br /><br />The music is WONDERFUL. Done by Thomas Newman, Randy Newman's cousin. They have one talented family!<br /><br />The picture will definitely get nominated for best picture, and it DESERVES it!<br /><br />Just see it! It's just plain wonderful.
0439023521|1.0|Battle Royale is one of my favorite graphic novels. When this book came out, I was like... Okay! And give it a benefit of the doubt and bought it because I thought it would be fun to read The US Version of Battle Royale. I would say I am disappointed. The story itself is fine, I'm most disappointed because of the content of the book. The author explain where and how she got her ideas of the book, however, there are too many similarity with Battle Royale I dare say... I don't even read the book until the end because I can't stand it. I really don't appreciate the book because the author clearly steals the idea and make her mine without even crediting the original
B0054JZC6E|1.0|I guess the creator doesn't care if ppl like or play this game. there has been 3updates and no changes. I loved this game now all it does is annoy me. It is now uninstalled!
B000PKG7I4|4.0|Everything was perfect until I played the CD and it skipped on the third track. I played the album a second time and it did not skip. I'm hoping it's fine... it seems like it's fine. Thanks for being reliable.
B003Y5H53S|5.0|Great purchase experience, DVD arrived very quickly. Very happy with the whole transaction. Will purchase again very soon from Amazon at these great prices.
B004INNRFK|5.0|I GAVE THIS AS A BIRTHDAY PRESENT AND WE SPENT 2 1/2 HOURS WATCHING AND SINGING ALONG TO THIS DVD....FANTASTIC, LOVE THESE CD/DVD PKGS. WORTH THE MONEY FOR SURE.  HIT MAN WAS THE HIT OF THE THE DAY...BARB
B0055CJ8T2|5.0|This CD is really great.  I bought it for one song, but really enjoy the whole thing.  Kelly put her all in this one.  Way to go Kelly!! :))
B004QSQML8|3.0|There is a title card that flashes on screen when you start the Blu-Ray that informs the viewer that the Director's Cut (the whole reason I bought this disc) was unable to be restored to the highest visual caliber.  Unfortunately, watching it was painful - I think even VHS had better visual quality than this cut.  I decided to watch the theatrical version, which is quite lovely for the most part.  There are a few scenes that seem grainy but otherwise it was enjoyable.    Sadly, I hadn't seen the movie for 20+ years and while the Tangerine Dream score is timeless, the plot now seems very contrived to me, and not nearly as magical as it did to my 10-year-old self.
B0054N73EY|5.0|I was very intrigued going into listening to this new record for the first time over 5 years after their amazing double album \\"Stadium Arcadium\\".<br />First off there was no John Frusciante..which I'm sure everybody knows by now after reading every review on this album.<br />There will always be that initial criticism after such a vital and creative force behind a band leaves.<br />Needless to say I am impressed.<br />It was not a hit with me after I first streamed it for free on iTunes.<br />It took awhile to warm to completely but I'm glad I gave it the chance.<br />I think this is the most spot on move RHCP could have made after a streak of 3 amazing records with John Frusciante (Californication, By The Way and Stadium Arcadium).<br />The music is not in your face, its not too subtle...its just right.<br />The new guitarist Josh Klinghoffer is a totally welcome addition. His playing has a lot of texture and warmth and it feels very dreamy listening to the music he plays. He never overpowers the others and always compliments the music perfectly. His background vocals are also flawless. Very different to John but it sounds great and I cant wait for more!<br />Sure, the songs this time around aren't as hooky and radio friendly as their last batch of singles but I really applaud them for giving the band a real go and putting out the most quality music they could come up with.<br />My favourite tracks are the opening songs \\"Monarchy of Roses\\" and \\"Factory of Faith\\", both great thumping openers. \\"Brendan's Death Song\\" is a great song. Very moving and powerful and I'm glad others are responding to it the same.<br />\\"The Adventures of Rain Dance Maggie\\" didnt make much sense as a 1st single to me but after hearing the entire album I can see why it was selected. It took awhile to grow on me but its also a great song with great rhythms.<br />The last 4 tracks are also near perfection to me. \\"Police Station\\", \\"Even You Brutus\\", \\"Meet Me At The Corner\\" and \\"Dance, Dance, Dance\\" are all amazing and a great way to fill the last quarter of the album.<br />In particular \\"Police Station\\" is a really fine track. Its mellow but its message hits me hard and it is probably my favourite on the album.<br /><br />Overall, \\"I'm With You\\" isn't the giant blockbuster most people were probably expecting, but its the sound of a band re-grouping and making new sounds for a new era. Anthony sounds better than ever, Flea's playing sounds amazing, Chad is still great as usual and Josh is an amazing addition to the new RHCP.<br />It might take a few listens but the effort is worth it and I highly recommend it!<br />4 and  starslast quarter of the album.  In particular \\"Police Station\\" is a really fine track. Its mellow but its message hits me hard and it is probably my favourite on the album.    Overall, \\"I'm With You\\" isn't the giant blockbuster most people were probably expecting, but its the sound of a band re-grouping and making new sounds for a new era. Anthony sounds better than ever, Flea's playing sounds amazing, Chad is still great as usual and Josh is an amazing addition to the new RHCP.  It might take a few listens but the effort is worth it and I highly recommend it!  4 and  stars
1451629184|5.0|This book is absolutely amazing. It is a must read. The fact that Jaycee is able to tell her story proves how strong she is. For those who argue how the book affects her daughters, they know who there father is, this story helps them learn what he did was not okay and not something to be hidden. As for the story line being everywhere- she explains that this is how it will be right at the beginning. For her that's how it was when she was kidnapped. Things didn't happen in a logical order. Not every story has a clearly defined beginning, middle and end. Amazing job Jaycee, I respect you for what you have done and wish you the best. Don't let others' negativity bring you down.
B00005N6KG|2.0|Very uncomfortable, ESPECIALLY if you have smaller ears, or are unused to bare plastic earphones. Admittedly, I have been spoiled by headphones and padded/suction earphones, but these things are nearly unbearable to wear- no padding, and the bend in the shape makes the plastic constantly rub against your ear if you move at all.  And if you're thinking of doing any exercise at all with these, think again. They consistently fall off your head, and even small jumps can dislodge the earpieces.  For as cheap as they are they're quite sturdy (some same priced earphones will completely fall apart within a week of use). I've had them for more than two months, and they are still quite functional. Then again, I haven't put them through any rough treatment.  The redeeming quality is the sound. The quality is indeed quite good, and though you wouldn't guess to look at them, the bass comes off quite nicely.   Overall, only buy it if you have iron ears, and don't plan on using these on the move.
B004YXE438|5.0|I like the fact that it keeps time and move count for every level.  Happy that the multi button was enlarged with update.
B001DJ7PQ4|5.0|Brand new condition and fast delivery. I love to buy my movies and TV shows from Amazon. I have never had any issues with a movie that I have purchased from Amazon.
0571238343|5.0|This book is great. I'm an Animation major and this book really is a great tool to use. The author really speaks to you. It feels as thought he's talking dirrectly to you cause the way it's written isn't all big words and definitions. Love it. A must for animation majors or just any one who wants to animate.
B003VANOFY|5.0|I often use the headset at night when others are asleep.  I do not disturb anyone and it has great versatility with sound effect. I would recommend this to all.
B004T5K3OK|5.0|I recently joined the android world, and the free version was one of the first apps I installed. I can scan documents while on the go with my phone, upload to dropbox, and view later on my tablet. The scans are always trimmed and enhanced well. One great tool for staying digital and organized. Sure, there is the possibility this may show up as the free app of the day in the future, but the paid features are too useful to wait and pass up at this price! This is one of the rare apps that is well worth much more than the price of admission. Use Amazon for the license and the Android Market for the app.
B0018QQQK8|5.0|As always, loved Nicholas' ability to create tension and movement in the story. The story was heartbreaking as we wonder how any war veteran survives the ordeals they encounter. It also is touching how Elizabeth struggles to find true love, keeping old fashioned values in a society that is a little more cavelier. The character development was well done as each character was easy to picture in the short time the reader gets to know them. I recommend it. Patrick K. Dawson, Novelist - Lessons in the Journey [[ASIN:1453853383 Lessons in the Journey]]
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I was really looking forward to picking up this set.  I heard the rumors that Lucas had some 'surprises' in store for this release, but I was hoping that they would be minor little effects.      And then the news struck.  The 'NOOOO' added to Jedi.  Unbelievable. Does Lucas think we are that stupid that we can't figure out what is going on in Vader's head in that scene?  And after all the backlash from the 'NOOO' in episode 3?      And on top of that the effeminate scream that Obi Wan gives off.  It's just too much.  Lucas has gone too far.  If you have any love for Star Wars do NOT buy this set.  Hit him where it hurts - in the pocket book.
B0052VI2V6|5.0|My copy of the Japanese SACD arrived today.  Owning two Oppo BDP-93s, I hooked both up to the same receiver and compared both editions.  Confirming another review, the SACD is indeed presented a bit louder than the DVD-Audio.  However after over an hour of listening, I can hear no discernable difference between the audio portions of these discs.  Yes, both come from the exact same 5.1 master.  In fact, even the disc labels on both are practically identical, one indicating SACD emblems and the other DVD-Audio.  So no new sonic revelations over the 2001 DVD-Audio release.  One advantage for the SACD is that it will play in all CD players as it is a hybrid.  One advantage to the DVD-Audio is the on-screen presentation of the lyrics and many photos.  The best news is that, even at Amazon's current price, the SACD is a steal compared to the prices being asked for the out of print DVD-Audio.  My biggest hope is that these discs from Japan will bring about renewed interest in 5.1 sound music, so that we may be fortunate enough to see other timeless classic recordings released (not just rehashes of previous DVD-Audio releases) in multi-channel SACD....please, please, please!
0316044695|5.0|I thought this book was truely amazing.  I know some people might be but off by his political perspective, but i believe the book captures so much of the SEALS perspective and  experience from training to battle. There are not words to describe my admiration for these guys. I simply could not put this book down.
0743233832|5.0|More people would rate transactions if you (Amazon) didn't force customers to write a mini-essay before the upload was accepted. If you want to encourage and train people to ignore the review function, this is a good way to do it.    Customers are doing you (Amazon) a favor by rating. You should allow the customer to choose what fields they choose to fill in.
B004V6MWFU|5.0|Are you kidding me?  Eddie could be playing a washboard, (is that the name of the instrument i'm thinking of? which is usually associated with those southern, home spun hillbilly bands? U know, right next to the guy playing a saw? lol), Regardless, he's amazing and moving to listen to, no matter what he's playing or who he is playing it with.     Anyway, you get my drift? I think he's best when you can hear him sing every lyric clearly.  Not that his hard stuff isn't amazing, but sometimes I just can't listen to TEN over and over again.   \\"Ukulele Songs\\" is an amazing piece of acoustic work.  Very sad, very depressing, very insightful, and it has moved me to tears on many occasions, just like cuts #5, #6, & #7 on \\"The Fixer\\" have done during numerous playing(s).  I truly believe Eddie feels eating a peach, deeply! l.o.l     Bottom line:  Great work and I recommend it to anyone who loves eddie.  I don't think anyone communicates pain, suffering and loss any better than our guy Eddie.
1439102724|2.0|There is a very real moral and ethical dilemma in what to do with frozen embryos once a couple has divorced.  Is it ever right to force a man or woman to bring a child into the world against his or her will?  Jodi Picoult's SING YOU HOME pretends to be interested in this ethical dilemma.  Zoe and Max try for ten years to have a child through in vitro fertilization.  When they finally divorce, they leave three frozen embryos in limbo.  A year later, Zoe (now a lesbian) wants the embryos so she can have a child with her new spouse, Vanessa.  Max (now a born-again Christian), wants to give the embryos to his infertile brother and sister-in-law so the children can be raised in a traditional Christian home.<br /><br />Much of the novel is about the legal maneuverings and court case as this dilemma is litigated.  There are interesting issues here - if Max truly believes homosexuality is wrong, should he be forced by law to allow his child to be born into that lifestyle?  Similarly, should Max have the right to give away Zoe's children to relatives who are so disapproving of her lifestyle that they would never allow her to be part of their lives?<br /><br />Unfortunately, Picoult isn't really interested in these sticky issues.  As with most of her novels, SING YOU HOME is really more of a melodramatic \\"Lifetime Movie\\" about an unconventional couple fighting bigotry and religious intolerance.  As the reader gets closer and closer to the end, it becomes more and more clear that the ethical dilemma will never really be addressed.  Instead, characters will miraculously be able to see each other with new eyes and a resolution will be achieved without a political victory for either side.<br /><br />Picoult is a good writer who knows just how to bring her readers into her politically charged novels.  SING YOU HOME is told from three perspectives (Zoe, Max, and Vanessa), which helps readers see the various viewpoints surrounding the central conflict.  Everything becomes a little too black-and-white, however, and more than a little too easy.  Zoe's transformation from hetero to homosexual seems too fast and too smooth (including her mother's almost immediate acceptance of it).  And Max's sudden rebirth as a Christian zealot is equally unconvincing.<br /><br />This would have been a far more interesting novel had it really been about the rights of parents in deciding the fate of frozen embryos.  Does a man have a right to say, \\"No, I do not want my embryo brought to term\\"?  Does a woman have the right to say, \\"Yes, I will have this child, no matter what the father has to say\\"?  There are no easy answers to these questions, but by focusing instead on the clash between homosexuality and religious bigotry Picolt doesn't give her readers a chance to make a hard decision.  Too bad - this could have been a very interesting novel.oo black-and-white, however, and more than a little too easy.  Zoe's transformation from hetero to homosexual seems too fast and too smooth (including her mother's almost immediate acceptance of it).  And Max's sudden rebirth as a Christian zealot is equally unconvincing.<br /><br />This would have been a far more interesting novel had it really been about the rights of parents in deciding the fate of frozen embryos.  Does a man have a right to say, \\"No, I do not want my embryo brought to term\\"?  Does a woman have the right to say, \\"Yes, I will have this child, no matter what the father has to say\\"?  There are no easy answers to these questions, but by focusing instead on the clash between homosexuality and religious bigotry Picolt doesn't give her readers a chance to make a hard decision.  Too bad - this could have been a very interesting novel.
B001AQO3XS|1.0|After receiving and watching this blu ray my recommendations is do not pay more than 10 dollars for this movie.<br />Highlander blu ray transfer is terrible...it would appear that the movie is transferred half with the original print and half with what I can only describe as one of the daily prints.<br />Some of the shots are great and clear and some are grainy and seem to pulsate with light.<br />I would wait until another print is released when there is another anniversary.<br />In conclusion do not purchase this blu ray for more than $ 9.99 like I did...it's not worth it.
0061928356|5.0|An excellent book, very well written. One of the few books that I had to just keep reading, without keeping it down. Its great how the lives of two families are traced through couple of decades and how they are brought together. Must read.
B0054N73EY|5.0|From track 1-14, \\"I'm With You\\" is a unique new classic full of RCHP Spirit!  There's are only a few songs that seem to drift but it's telling a DEEP story.  The new guitarist Josh has received criticism by immature RHCP listeners. Josh stands on his own with his own new sound mixed in with the group. What people don't know is John Frusciante is good friends with Josh and recommended him to the band. Peace.  It is a bit different than earlier albums but still rock solid.  The songs are all unique to themselves.  Rich in a diversified sound with RHCP Spirit threaded through the album. Keep in mind, our boys from RHCP are getting a older, with kids, etc but they have been one of few REAL ROCKERS that have endured since the  early 80's. If you are a real RHCP fan, you will appreciate the art/craft coming from the guys. They have unique stories orchestrated throughout their always psychedelic funk beats. Please support them and Josh as they give us the sound.
B004HO6I4M|5.0|Great animation, graphics and color.  Fun music with a cute ending.  A little slow at times.  It could have had more music.
B0052YAKS6|5.0|Hold onto your hat- mad skillz and talent yo.     Duh, of course, why do you suppose he attracts the finest talent in the world?    If you have a pulse GET THIS.
0316010669|5.0|In \\"Blink,\\" renowned author of \\"The Tipping Point,\\" Malcolm Gladwell, explores the science of split-second decisions and their ramifications on our everyday judgments. Do we as humans really know how or why we make the decisions we do? How can we make better decisions without devastating repercussions? Gladwell explores these ideas using many stories and examples, and argues that we can come to very excellent yet lightning fast conclusions because of all the information already stored in our brains, and surmises that the first two seconds in our decision-making process is the most vital. With this in mind, Gladwell demonstrates that split-second decisions can be just as reliable as those made after much longer intellectual digesting. Every story in the book will leave you wanting to learn more about the subject, which is always a good thing. All in all the book's another triumph for Gladwell, and his ideas about \\"thin-slicing\\" will get you wondering, too. But in that there's a beauty, because he lets you come to your own conclusions, simply laying the foundation for his mind-bending theories, and opening up his interpretations for discussion.
0199537151|4.0|I am very happy with this product. The book was in great condition and makes a good read. It has kept readers engaged over so many decades
0345529057|4.0|Only on the first book so far but it's really good. Arrived in good quality. Only negative thing is that the print is pretty small.
B000001FZK|2.0|It is rare day I bring down this from attic and put on table. It rattles and whirls and bursts and  that guy moans and groans about things but it don't do much else. Pretty cover though!
0300169787|5.0|Great Product. Many great photos. Amazing tribute to an amazing artist. I still can not believe this amzing person is no longer making beautiful clothes.
B004LWZW4M|5.0|This was definately the best one of the series. This was one movie I've seen twice. The first one was good, the second time was excellent. I could watch this all the time. I really like the special effects used to make the apes. More realistic than the previous film. James Franco is still one of my favorite actors, and this one was of his best films. This also had a good cast such as Andy Serkis, known for Gollum on Lord of the Rings, Brian Cox(Red), John Lithgow(Harry and the Henderson), and finally Tom Felton, known for his part as Draco Malfoy on Harry Potter. You'll be rooting for the apes in this movie. I sure did.
0553582038|4.0|I recently embarked upon a first reading of AFFC with some trepidation. I made the mistake of reading the reader reviews here on Amazon before starting the book. Based on the numerous negative reviews for AFFC, my expectations, to say the least, were rather low. I just finished AFFC and I must say that I was pleasantly surprised. It was in no way the disappointment many of the reviewers here would like me to believe it is. I'm really not sure why so many former Martin fans are/were so disappointed by AFFC. I suppose if I had waited as long as some fans for the 4th installment in the series, I might be a little irked at the delay in publishing. Aside from that, the critisism levelled at Martin for his work in AFFC seems largely unfounded and unfair. It is by no means more dense and meandering than any of the three previous volumes. Although there are relatively few setpiece battles in AFFC, there is action aplenty and several major plot twists propel the overarching series plot forward in rather unexpected ways. Yes, I would have liked to have continued the Tyrion, Jon Snow, and Daenerys story arcs in this forth volume of the series, but the misadventures of the featured cast of AFFC are no less captivating. I agree that the Greyjoys may have been a bit overrepresented, but I found the Cercei and Jaime chapters plenty captivating and the tragically flawed and noble Brienne of Tarth certainly deserves her share of the spotlight. I knew to expect not to hear from Tyrion and company in this volume so I was neither shocked nor particularly disappointed by their absence. All in all, AFFC was more of the same from Mr. Martin and that's not a bad thing. I am looking forward to reading A Dance With Dragons and, although I am curious as to how it has garnered only a three star average rating here on Amazon, I will make sure I hold off on reading the reviews until after I've finished the book.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|George Lucas has somehow managed to transform the greatest trilogy of all time into a reworked a convoluted mess so terrible it completely tarnishes what he originally created. DO NOT BUY THIS BOX SET AND DO NOT SUPPORT GEORGE LUCAS ANYMORE!
B003SWU9R6|5.0|This is his best work ever! I am so glad he came back and came back this strong!  The best in his game!
B004SJ3BCI|2.0|It's just a basic game that is on online websites but with different characters.  It is just a copied butchered down version of the other games online not in apps.  It's probably great for people who have never played these types of games but I have already played better so this is nothing special to me.
B0058A119G|5.0|Bar none, Barbra Streisand is the greatest singer of my lifetime. My favorite; then; now; and forever. This compilation of Bergman masterpieces, still shows how vital and interpretive an artist she continues to remain. Many of these songs have been my most loved throughout her stellar career. It is extremely obvious that her collaboration's with these dear friends certainly \\"matters most.\\" May she continue singing until her last breath.
B000V5ZIBU|5.0|If you like to watch a movie with a good storyline that makes you think, then this is it.  Recommended.
B0018CWEYY|5.0|One of my favorite shows and visited this location of the filming on a recent trip to Hawaii. Very speedy service and received my DVDs in no time.
B003BFTS9K|3.0|BlackRapid makes the best camera strap system out there, hands down.  I've owned one since they came out and finally decided to buy myself a nice little present - the latest generation hardware.    The Connect R-2 is much nicer than the original in that the lock mechanism is integrated (on the original Connect R the lock was a short segment of vinyl tubing) and greatly speeds disconnection of the strap from the camera.  The finish quality, however, is atrocious.  The \\"black nickel\\" coating started chipping and flaking the very first time I used the connector, and after less than a month of daily wear it is practically non-existent.  The swivel still works fine, but I am worried about it seizing up if the steel itself starts to corrode.    If this finish flaking proves to be little more than a cosmetic issue I will have no regrets over the purchase, as the new locking mechanism is worth the purchase price to me.  If, however, operation is compromised I will edit this review and lower the star count.
B005D9MUWY|4.0|I do like it, and in a lot of cases it is much faster than what is offered by the device.  I have been using it now for say a month, and per it's calculation it is 40% faster.  Well that is a gross exaggeration.  I type MUCH slower, but I type much less.  It is probably a draw, but since phones aren't really very easy to type on, I guess less is better in this case.    My biggest issue is the fact that it captures everything.  I am sure a lot of things I really don't wish it would capture.      Make your own decision, but I still haven't been sold.
1594744769|2.0|I was looking forward to this book and had waited a long time for the Overdrive Library System to have it for me...pretty good at first, had me interested and the photos are a good/creative touch.  It turned really STUPID about 2/3 of the way thru.  I skimmed my way to the end..and was relieved that it was over.  I do enjoy Fantasy (like The Hunger Games Series) but this just got silly and I certainly would not recommend it to anyone.
031603441X|5.0|This book held my attention because I love music.  Plain and simple there was much to learn not only about Keith Richards, but about band life and how they learned the music.  The passion that goes into it all is quite amazing.  If you can't handle swearing, however, I might not pick this one up.  It's trickled with \\"fluffy\\" words for emphasis I'm sure.  Haha!  I was very glad I read it.
0062060554|2.0|The beginning of the book is very promising but felt the last part of the book was light-weight.  Haven't read this kind of fiction for a long time so fans may enjoy it more. Hope this helps.
0439023521|5.0|The Hunger Games is a wonderful book!  I can easily see it replacing Lord of the Flies as required high school reading at some point in the future.  I love this book and can read it over and over again!
0439023513|2.0|Well this book is proof that you cannot follow a really great book with a continuation of the story and have the same excitement as the first.  I found this book very slow moving and disjointed compared to the first 2 books in the series.  The characters were dim and weak.  It seemed that the author was just finding a way to end this book series and couldn't quite find the right path to take. The first 2 books had me reading all night to find out what happened but this last book took me 4 days to slog through it.  I almost put it away and thought about reading the Wikipedia explanation to find out what happened.  Wikipedia tells the story without the slogging in between.  My opinion only please don't roast me over this as I really liked The Hunger Games.
B000002HMH|4.0|Let me start by saying my introduction to Metallica was their \\"self titled\\" black album and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I then bought \\"Load\\" and enjoyed it just as much, maybe even more back in 1996. A year later I heard the song \\"Master of Puppets\\" and thought it was amazing but that didn't mean that the album \\"Load\\" was terrible just because it sounded different. This was Metallica's chance to experiment and for those who say they sold out with this, songs like \\"Mama Said\\" was a tough sell for any audience in my opinion. I'll do a song by song breakdown:<br /><br />1. Ain't My Bitch: 3/5 This is a good song but it's nothing special; the lyrics are kind of generic but the actual music is really good and adds up to a decent hard rock tune.<br />2. 2x4 4/5 This song has a bit of a blues-rock feel to it and it works really well, don't get me wrong it's still very distorted and hard rock but you feel the blues in it.<br />3. The House That Jack Built 5/5 This song I think is in experimental territory and works very well with the guitar effects, the distortion crunching, the harmonizing etc. A highlight of this album for me<br />4. Until It Sleeps 5/5 This song is an extremely well written hard rock song with loud and soft dynamics that complement it very nicely.<br />5. King Nothing 4/5 The reason it isn't five out of five is because the way it ends sounds a bit cheesy to me but for the most part this song is solid with a great solo.<br />6. Hero Of The Day 5/5 My favorite song on the album, their songwriting was stellar on this and it didn't need to be extremely heavy to shine.<br />7. Bleeding Me 4/5 Kind of goes into blues territory but remains in the metal zone and it wanders around some in the middle but it comes back full circle and is a decent song.<br />8. The Cure 4/5 Again this song would've got five out of five but I thought the ending was a little cheesy. This song works really well, more experimental rock.<br />9. Poor Twisted Me 5/5 At first I thought this was filler but it's the band going outside the box and it's actually well thought out and is a good addition to the album.<br />10. Wasting My Hate 3/5 This song isn't bad but it's not anything I would rave about; I sense a punkish influence that doesn't ever resonate with the metal tone.<br />11. Mama Said 5/5 Say what you will about this song but it IS a great song. It sounds like a country/folk ballad and the rock influence is apparent. I'm glad they put it on the album.<br />12. Thorn Within 5/5 This song reminded me of \\"The Black Album\\" in terms of it's lyrics and it's overall sound. I liked it alot.<br />13. Ronnie 3/5 It's a shame that James Hetfield spoke in the middle of the song because this was a really good blues rock song and it would've got a perfect rating from me had he not done that.<br />14. The Outlaw Torn 5/5 This song is flawless and I also think it's the song that most longtime Metallica fans will relate to because it sounds like a mesh of \\"And Justice For All\\" and \\"The Black Album\\". Very well written song.<br /><br />There you go, say what you will about Napster, St. Anger, etc etc; this album deserves 4 stars at least.e the box and it's actually well thought out and is a good addition to the album.  10. Wasting My Hate 3/5 This song isn't bad but it's not anything I would rave about; I sense a punkish influence that doesn't ever resonate with the metal tone.  11. Mama Said 5/5 Say what you will about this song but it IS a great song. It sounds like a country/folk ballad and the rock influence is apparent. I'm glad they put it on the album.  12. Thorn Within 5/5 This song reminded me of \\"The Black Album\\" in terms of it's lyrics and it's overall sound. I liked it alot.  13. Ronnie 3/5 It's a shame that James Hetfield spoke in the middle of the song because this was a really good blues rock song and it would've got a perfect rating from me had he not done that.  14. The Outlaw Torn 5/5 This song is flawless and I also think it's the song that most longtime Metallica fans will relate to because it sounds like a mesh of \\"And Justice For All\\" and \\"The Black Album\\". Very well written song.    There you go, say what you will about Napster, St. Anger, etc etc; this album deserves 4 stars at least.
140053271X|5.0|I am so pleased with my new Nook Touch. I have already purchased 4 books and am reading them all. The best part is that there are so many good books that are free ( even one OT/NT free Bible)and most others are under $10. There is also the ability to read samples of books before you buy without going out of the house because the Nook has Wi-Fi.  I really like everything about it, especially the fact that there is a battery that can be changed by B&N or by me after the warranty is out and the ability to visit B&N store for help.  I would highly recommend.
B004EBT5CU|4.0|The CD is great!  I can't stop listening to it.   I received it within 4 days and it was in very good condition.   Thank you.
B004SBB0LU|5.0|As a Queen fan for the majority of my 50 years, beginning the first time I heard \\"Killer Queen\\" from the Sheer Heart Attack album, I have waited patiently for these releases.  My patience has been duly rewarded!  The digital remastering of these albums is exquisite!  I am hearing notes and chords that I never heard before on the original vinyl recordings or subsequently re-issued CDs in recent years!  My only complaint, although minor in context, is the inclusion of a separate CD for the bonus material.  There is plenty of recordable space left on the primary CDs so why not just include the bonus material at the end of that rather than go to the expense of producing another CD?  While I like most of bonus material, much of it has already been available to the most ardent of Queen fans in one form or another.  I would have really liked to have heard some previously unreleased gems that Brian May & Roger Taylor still have stored away in a vault somewhere that have never seen the light of day.  I am sure there are such recordings in existence.  Anything to hear the magnificent voice of Freddie Mercury in a new context would have been much appreciated!  Still, I give this collection a 5 star rating because of the splendid nature of the digital remastering.
B004YF6MHW|4.0|Can't disable the shutter sound even though I can in the stock camera app. Atrix with Android 2.3.<br /><br />The sharing via ping.fm is a bummer. At least give an option to use native Android sharing.<br /><br />Lots of options and effects. Free ad-ons.<br /><br />Fix the sharing and it's a 5-star app.
1452101248|3.0|This is a phenomenal cookbook and I was lucky enough to eat at the Ottolenghi restaurants when I lived in London.  It is worth every penny and the photos are gorgeous.      However, the shipping time was extended - it simply did not arrive evn at the tail end of the amazon estimate.  If you are planning on giving this book as a gift, make sure you allow about another week after the latest delivery estimate.  Still worth buying, but the late arrival caused me some unplanned stress, so deduct 2 stars.
1594744769|3.0|The antique photographs were a great addition to this odd and delightful tale.  The story kept me interested but I was left wanting more after reading the final page.  I hope that there will be a sequal and a prequal to answer many questions that i had after finishing this book.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I have never posted a protest review before, but this time I am going to do so.  Enough is enough.  I give this release one star for the same reason as everyone else: Mr. Lucas should bring back the original unaltered trilogy in the quality that it deserves.  Do not buy this blu-ray set.
B002VECM4A|5.0|This movie is unbelievable. Monique's performance is worth the Oscar she got for it. I made my daughter watch it because I needed her to see what some people go through including her own mother. Sometimes you cant find the words and movies (and books) will say it for you.
0984074422|5.0|I love this book! I'm a traveler who loves being a part of the local culture so seeing into these families' lives is fascinating to me. I also am interested in nutrition and what that means to people so this book is a goldmine for me. I showed this book to my photographer friend and he was equally delighted, saying he was going to go home and buy the book immediately. It makes a fascinating coffee table book. I highly recommend it!
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I have never posted a protest review before, but this time I am going to do so. Enough is enough. I give this release one star for the same reason as everyone else: Mr. Lucas should bring back the original unaltered trilogy in the quality that it deserves. Do not buy this blu-ray set.
B004EPYZUI|5.0|Just to confirm what I received. This IS the Blu-Ray extended cut with DVD and Digital copy. I was skeptical on what I was going to receive in the mail after reading some of the reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised when I opened the package and all standard formats where covered. The extended cut is on one Blu-Ray disc, theatrical is on another BD and the DVD/digital copy are on the same DVD. You will not be disappointed! It is a great movie as well, visually stunning!
0385342055|5.0|Arrived on time and was in new condition. I would order from this vendor again without hesitation. Would recommend to others.
B00006I53S|5.0|I have only had my lens for a couple of weeks but I'm very pleased with it so far.  The picture quality is extremely good for a beginner like me and the focus is very quick. It's quite heavy but in a reassuring way as the build quality is excellent.  I highly recommend this lens.    Ordering and delivery was hassle free as always from Amazon and their partners.
B00474IVGA|2.0|Usually when I buy a soundtrack from a movie, it's exactly that...the music from the movie.  This CD is not.  It's the songs from the movie, but in most cases sung by another artist.  For example, \\"Give in To Me\\" is sung by Faith Hill, not by Leighton Meester and Garrett Hedlund, which is one of the reasons I wanted the soundtrack.  \\"Getting Stronger\\" is Sara Evans version, not Meester's.  Also, only one song on the CD is performed by Hedlund.  Of course Paltrow has four.    I was very disappointed and feel misled by the title of \\"Original Soundtrack from the Movie.\\"  I wish I would have read the reviews before buying!
B000002W4V|5.0|I recently purchased my 15th copy (to date)of Lou Reed's \\"Rock and Roll Animal\\" A classic by many standards.  This album has some very special times attached to it for me personally.This is the first time I have ordered from Amazon so I was a little nervous not knowing what to expect,shipping wise and condition of product.  Well my hat's off and thanks to Paul Begovich for not only sending me exactly what was stated...in great shape but also for prompt delivery.I was thinking about a week but Paul and his company had to me w/in 3 days,so you can  bet next time I come back for more music I am looking to Paul and his Co. to take care of me again.  A.F.Fluent
1451629184|5.0|This is an amazing story, by the end of it Jaycee had won my heart. She is an incrediable woman and I appricated her raw honesty about her abduction. I highly recommend this book to anyone wanting to see the endurance of the human soul.
B00127RAJY|1.0|I enjoyed working out to this DVD and since I was forced to skip some days, I stuck to level 1 for over a month which was fine.  I'm in pretty good shape, I weigh 125 pds and used to run long distances until 2 consecutive pregnancies.  I wanted to sculpt my belly back to it's original shape and tone, nothing more.  So, after a week or 2, my lcl would get sore because of all the jumping jacks and the squats but I would ice it, take a day off and it would be alright.  I however did not pay much attention to the strain in my left butt cheek.  I had issues while pregnant with my sciatic nerve but it went away completely.  After this DVD, I have a whole new condition to deal with.    Piriformis Syndrome!  It can be caused by excessive squatting, and other forms of exercise which involve the hips and glutes.  Anyway, To make a long story short, the piriformis muscle is the muscle located under the glute.  When inflamed and contracted, it puts pressure onto the sciatic nerve causing acute pain.  Google will give you more info but that resumes it well.    I have not worked out with this DVD for at least 3 months and am still going to the chiropractor once a week in order to walk without pain.  This is now useless, I have stopped going to my chiro about 2 weeks ago and have less pain now.  It seemed to get worse after it being manipulated.    I am now considering physiotherapy because my family doctor told me there is absolutely nothing that can be done to alleviate this condition.  She recommends stretching, icing it before bed, ibuprofen when needed(does nothing for me) and massage.    So far, I have had 4 deep tissue massages, hurts like hell!!!!  This muscle is tight as a golf ball under your glute, you don't want it rubbed.  I does however help a little for the following days but that's about it.  Icing the butt cheek helps numb the pain before bedtime because it is sometimes impossible to relax enough and find a comfortable position.  I also use a tense when it gets too painful and it helps.       Stretching is still the best and here comes my point about this DVD.  With the amount of squats, jumping jacks, the bicycle crunch and this is just level 1; there has got to be more stretching at the end of this workout in order to work these same muscles everyday.  The warm up could be a little longer too to really get your lower body ready for what's coming.     I'm 30 and healthy all the way.  I want to warn those out there who have any kind of sciatic nerve problems, weak and under worked glutes, unparallelled hips, be very careful.  You may try and enjoy this workout but include at least a good 5 minutes more at the end to stretch your glutes and hamstrings.      I would of give it a better rate if it wasn't for all the injuries waiting to happen with this workout.  Take care everybody
B002C6K7N0|5.0|When I first spun this one up, I was a little shocked how fast it was.  Nearly the whole album is balls-to-the-wall speed metal.  By far the angriest album we've seen in a while.  A few of the songs tried to attach some choruses that they must have thought seemed profound, while in actuality they're pretty weak lyrics.  The worst example is in Bite the Hand, \\"When it's dog eat dog you are what you eat.\\"  That's not profound, that's redundant.    Either way, there's some great riffs here, and some great transitions, \\"The Hardest Part of Letting Go\\" comes to mind.  It's a fun album to crank up on the road.  Recommended.
0439023491|4.0|Just a hair less exciting than the first book, but I still couldn't put it down.  Undoubtedly an awesome series!
B0006GAOBI|3.0|I love this movie how ever i think the regular cut is much better. Also when i removed the bubble rap the disk case had opened and 1 disk had slipped out, no scratches but the case isn't that sturdy.
0385738757|4.0|Certainly not as good or as groundbreaking as the first, The Scortch Trials was still an interesting story that kept me intrigued enough to continue reading. It's hard to follow up a book like The Maze Runner, because, much like Lord of the Flies, it would probably work better as a standalone novel. Everyone's got the series craze though, nowadays, so it's hard to escape with just one. There were certainly a few plot twists along the way, but nothing like what The Maze Runner could offer, since the premise of that book was entirely based around discovery. Still, I would recommend it as a good read.<br /><br />Lindsey Miller, Lindsey's Library
B0058A119G|5.0|It always amazes me that some people who dislike an artist buy, download and listen to that performer just so they can tear them apart. Makes no sense to me, but I am seeing reviewers who are doing just that, as they have before with the same performer's prior work!!    Barbra Streisand has achieved such success (in all fields, not just recordings) that few can attain this kind of a career. Most falter after a few years. Not so with Miss Streisand. The lady is closing in on 70 years of age. And she still has it! It may not be the same voice of 20 or 30 years ago, but how could it be? Sinatra recorded into his senior years and the voice wasn't the same, but still great. Tony Bennett is still able to do justice to what he sings. Rosemary Clooney, Lena Horne and on and on--they kept singing and none of them sounded like they did in their youth.     On this beautiful album, the music of Michel LeGrand, Sergio Mendes, John Williams and other terrific composers join with the wonderous lyrics of the Bergmans. And Barbra pays tribute to them with ten newly recorded renditions (Disc One) and ten previously recorded cuts (Disc Two).    On the new stuff she does a really nice job of That Face and Nice And Easy. I'll Never Say Goodbye and Windmills of My Mind are highlights. There are a few songs (Solitary Moon and Alone in the World) that I don't care for, but it's not because of her singing. I just don't care for the songs.     The CD is nicely packaged, contains a booklet of nice photos and notes about the recording.    I think Miss Streisand has given another stellar performance. Beautiful, Barbra, beautiful!
B002CNV2XC|5.0|Def Leppard Hysteria is one of my great albums, and this japanese special edition is really the best edition I have ever had. get one you will not regret any cent paid
B000AMJC2K|5.0|Most ergo arms for monitors are ridiculously over priced, but this one was well within my budget. It is very well built and looks great for the unusually low price. Install was very simple; just tighten the clamp to your desk and attach your monitor. It has held up very well so far in the month that I've had it. I do wish it were adjustable without having to loosen & re-tighten the allen bolt at each particular pivot point you want to move it about, but all-in-all not a big deal. I would certainly recommend this arm.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Fun and easy read. I bought this book and was into it right away. Finished in 24 hrs. Fun book to read on vacation
B003ZSJ212|1.0|You can volunteer to let George Lucas continue to punch you in the groin if you'd like but this is the proverbial straw that broke for me. Adding Vader's \\"NOOOOOOOOO!\\" over the scene where he pitches the emperor into the shaft at the end of RotJ is just going too far. I should've quit buying this stuff years ago on my wife's recommendation but I was unable to see the light at that time.    I'm sure the quality, etc... is fine on the BRD's themselves but I just have to stop willingly handing over massive amounts of money to a guy who can't even see (or simply doesn't care) that he's killing one of the greatest franchises in cinematic history.    I am officially done buying Star Wars merchandise until the original theatrical editions are released on Blu-Ray.
B004T5R2HQ|5.0|Used this tool in conjunction with Drop Box for my recent home purchase. So indispensable I don't know how I ever got by without it.  For those of you rating this poorly based solely on its performance on your very old phones, perhaps you should invest in newer technology. This is by far the best scanner app and well worth the cost to purchase the license.
B003L77GRO|5.0|This has to be the best show I have ever seen. The only show also to have my attention during ALL seasons. Can't wait for Season 6!
B003Y5H5FQ|5.0|when i saw the movie i was BEYOND happy. i felt that since Twilight came out there needed to be a kind of a \\"retribution\\" for what it did to Vampires, i thought \\"let me in\\" did very well and this movie wasn't anything less! there is no way i will miss out on getting this when it comes out.<br />ONE OF THE BEST VAMPIRE MOVIES AROUND.
B000WQ9UA8|5.0|I love all of Britney's albums but this one might be my least favorite ONLY because she was going through her dark times here and it's just a bad stage. The songs are great though, can't deny that. Love GIMME MORE!
B0031ES8P6|5.0|This Hello Kitty doll is so cute and well made.  It's a little larger that the average adult female hand.  I bought this for my daughter and I just had to get one for myself too.  I love the pink tartan dress and the cute pink body underneath.
B0054N73EY|2.0|This week, two albums by two of my most influential artists were released on the same day, Black And White America by Lenny Kravitz and I'm With You by Red Hot Chili Peppers. So as you can see, this should have been the best music week of the year for me. Alright, well, let's see, BAWA wasn't too bad, I'd say it was pretty decent. However, I've given IWY a few spins and I can't say the same thing.<br /><br />I've been a fan of RHCP since I was 8. Californication is a particular album I remember buying like it was yesterday... I loved the song Otherside. Nice then I've gone on to own pretty much every thing that had the Peppers' name on it. And I'll admit, yes I did like One Hot Minute. I liked the sound Dave Navarro gave the band... It refreshing and the sing had a lot of kickass heavy tunes on it. I considered Stadium Arcadium the best thing the band has ever done... A double album is hard to do, but they pulled it off. Not a single filler track on the album at all. I was like their old stuff but with a bit of a new kick to it. Two CDs worth f pure awesomeness.<br /><br />I was devastated to find out John Frusciante was leaving the Peppers AGAIN. I mean, they did good with Navarro, because he had what it took to fill Frusciante's shoes, and he added a LOT to the band. However, I hadn't heard anything by Josh Klinghoffer before. But I figured I'd wait till this album comesout to be the judge of that.<br /><br />Monarchy of Roses- I FLEEPING LOVE THIS TRACK. By god, it gets my blood pumping every time I hear it. It's a nice fusion of disco and punk, it sounds like something you would have heard off of Freaky Styley, it rules the place.<br /><br />Factory of Faith is a nice tune, I like the baseline and all, it's really catchy. Kiedis shines on here vocally, it may be the best song vocally on the album. I like some of the cool guitar tricks Josh does near the end of the track too.<br /><br />Brendan's Death Song I could have done without. I mean it's beautiful lyrically but... It just goes on and on. I really think it should have evolved musically, but sadly didn't.<br /><br />Ethiopia is a fun tune reminiscent of Tell Me Baby. It's nice, it's catchy it is fun to listen to and I could imagine it being a fun singalong tune at concerts.<br /><br />Annie Wants a Baby is a nice melancholy tune. It's very dark in style and it shows you what the Chilis are capable of doing, musically.<br /><br />Look Around is fun and fast paced, but that chorus is effing ANNOYING. It's like they were going in the right direction when they were making the tune, but then they got to the chorus. What a waste of potential.<br /><br />The Adventures of Rain Dance Maggie is boring. I honestly cannot see why the band would want to release this as a single... the bassline is catchy, but the lyrics are bloody awful and the solo just sucks. The lack of energy in the song is just... Appalling.<br /><br />Did I Let You Know is the best track on the album! It's so simple but so effective. It's like a mix of Torture Me and Save the Population. Plus Klinghoffer offers some great backup vocals, which re easily the highlight of the track. Great tune, will get instant replay value for sure.<br /><br />Goodbye Hooray is catchy and I'm willing to listen, but put it on Stadium Arcadium and I would have hit the skip button.<br /><br />Happiness Loves Company is a catchy tune reminiscent of the 60s, but the guitar work is so weak it ruins the track.<br /><br />Police Station is unfortunately the last decent tune on the album. It's a nice melancholic track that sounds like a mix between Stadium Arcadium  and One Hot Minute.<br /><br />Even You, Brutus? is not only the worst tune on the album but the worst RHCP song EVER. I'm honestly not sure what's the worst thing about the tune. Anthony's yelling is fracking annoying it gives me a headache. That plus the chorus is just plain stupid.<br /><br />Meet me at the Corner, boring city.<br /><br />Dance, Dance, Dance is bloody awful. The song is repetitive just for the sake of being repetitive, it is enough to make you want to pull your hair out.<br /><br />In short, the album isn't Particularly bad. It has its moments. But unfortunately, it's evident that minus Frusciante nowadays, the band clearly doesn't have much of a leg to stand on. The biggest problem is that Frusciante not being here is evident. Not that Klinghoffer is a bad guitarist... He just doesn't fit the band at at all, and it drags the album down.<br /><br />Maybe this album will grow on me, but as for now, its not with me, despite what it's album title may suggest.In short, the album isn't Particularly bad. It has its moments. But unfortunately, it's evident that minus Frusciante nowadays, the band clearly doesn't have much of a leg to stand on. The biggest problem is that Frusciante not being here is evident. Not that Klinghoffer is a bad guitarist... He just doesn't fit the band at at all, and it drags the album down.    Maybe this album will grow on me, but as for now, its not with me, despite what it's album title may suggest.
0385534639|5.0|The Night Circus is like nothing else I have read before. It's been a long time since I was so fully enchanted by a novel. I was so caught up in the mystery, the magic, and the writing of this book that everything else in the world disappeared. It was almost like I stepped through the gates of Le Cirque des Rves and the rest of the world ceased to exist.<br /><br />The Night Circus is written in a very unique way. It's told in third person, focusing on several different characters. The time line jumps to the future and to the past with ease. It was all so very well organized. The threads of the story twist and turn until you have no idea how things are possibly going to turn out. Eventually they are woven into this beautiful and complex tale that surprised me at ever turn.<br /><br />I'm going to say and I'm going to mean it: Erin Morgenstern's writing was very reminiscent of J.K. Rowling for me. That's the only person that I can think to compare it to, and really it needs no comparison because her writing is magnificent all on its own. Every page is filled with unimaginable magic that I can in no way explain. There is no other story out there like this. I was consumed by it when I was reading.<br /><br />Everything about this book is fabulous. The unique writing, of course, but also the subtle passion between Marco and Celia. The tangible mysteriousness of all the other characters. The surprises! And the Circus itself. There is so much detail in the Circus. It feels so real that you might think that Erin Morgenstern actually stumbled upon it one evening and has kept it a secret from the rest of the world until now. I  was utterly enchanted by it.<br /><br />Really, the bottom line is that you need to read this book. Soon. My review in no way does it justice. You just need to discover the awe inspiring magic of this story yourself.
B00095NX9G|4.0|I realized I'm a way too rusty on my yoga to follow any of the warm-ups. She moves kind of fast. I feel it would be best to work with the DVD off so you can follow your own pace with the yoga movements.Flexibility is needed to gain the most out of this DVD.Once you get the breathing down you should be fine. The rest of the instruction is pretty easy to follow.I'm super psyched for the outcome.
B000P0J0EW|5.0|I am thankful for the fast response.  This was a good movie.  Wasn't too pleased with some of the words the men were using. But that is the producers doing.  The movie shows just how you can be prisioned even if you are innocent.
B005H5GEQM|5.0|Great film, the advertised one that states \\"This all-region DVD (NTSC format) will play in North America\\" worked no problem in my US DVD players.  Would like to see in the theater if it came locally.    Previously saw a \\"long\\" version of the movie (165 minutes) and frankly the 106 minute version was better since it has no talking heads such as John Bisignano trying to act deep.
B003F3NDWG|5.0|I was pleased with the speed in which I received this movie. All the disks played with out any problems. I would buy from this vendor any time knowing the movies will arrive as advertised.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|My daughter simply can't stop laughing! She is a teenager, and goes over and over every chapter again. The box arrived a little damaged.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I could live with most of the changes George made. Adding more digital creatures? Sure. Greedo shoots first? Well, it's stupid but whatever, I can blink my eyes and miss it. Add Hayden What's-His-Face to the end of \\"Jedi\\"? Uh, I guess it makes sense.    But making Darth Vader yell \\"noo!\\" when he throws the Emperor is the breaking point. That's the most pivotal scene in the trilogy, and he trashed it. I'll never buy this set. DVDs are good enough.
0571238343|5.0|I love this book, if you want to be an animator you must have it, obviously is not a simple book but it is very easy to follow.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|What a sad thing that this excellent program wasn't allowed to continue! There is nothing currently running on television that can compare to the creative, interesting, memorable stories of the Firefly crew. Great ensemble cast, fantastic plots, imaginative in every way--you can't say enough good things about this DVD set. Joss Whedon is a bit taken with himself (during the commentaries), but with his talent you can cut him some slack. I'll be wearing out these discs!!! Love it! Recommend!!!
B003WTE886|5.0|Amazon never lets me down. I have bought many things from them, and everything has always been top notch. I will keep coming back.
B00479SVBU|4.0|The product works very well. There are 4 buttons that are very functional: Power, Play/Pause, Next Track, and Previous Track. There are 2 more buttons that appear to do nothing - why? there are also 2nd functions on 3 of the buttons, but no indication of how you use them - weird. Finally, the remote doesn't always work.     Still, this is a very good product for the price!
B000O8OTNC|5.0|this is a handy little thing, sharpens real nice and easy to use, small and compact great for a tackle box,or outdoor hunting for sharpening knife's on the spot..fits in your pocket
B00000I3JO|5.0|In any 'Top 20' or even 'Top 10' list of albums I've ever compiled, or been asked to suggest, 'Hats' has featured strongly, pretty much from its day of release.<br /><br />Art and Heartache, fused by perhaps the most poignant and sublime voice in music.
B004A8ZWVK|4.0|Despite some heart-tugging/over-the-top stereotypes to which some may object as disrespectful to the Civil Rights theme, director Tate Taylor of \\"The Help,\\" based on the novel by Kathryn Stockett ([[ASIN:0425245136 The Help (Movie Tie-In)]]), creates a faithful rendition of the story's tone--depicting the sometimes uneasy coalition between the white and black communities of Jackson, Mississippi in the early 60s as epitomized by the voices of three distinct personalities: Skeeter, a young white graduate from Ole Miss whose ambition to be a writer overrides her desire to please her mother and marry, Abelene, a black maid who has raised seventeen white children and Minny, an outspoken black domestic whose big mouth never fails to lose her a good position.<br /><br />Emma Stone trades outrageous romantic comedy for a more ambitious and sedate role of portraying the earnest work-a-bee Skeeter.  Physically, Stone is much more attractive than the Skeeter of the novel; I got the feeling she was holding back in her depiction--attempting to tone down her natural enthusiasm to emulate the book's character--a young woman whose body type refuses to conform to the beauty of that time and psychologically poised on the fence between the generations of the repressed 50s and the more liberated 70s.  Overall, her performance seems to lack sparkle, coming off at times as madcap comedy--the scene where she straightens her hair for her big date and then arrives with her head askew from a frantic ride in a tractor-toting truck--or quietly appalled--her sneaky behind-the-scenes writing fails to indicate enough nervousness that would suggest the horrific life-threatening repercussions of the time period.<br /><br />Abelene (Viola Davis) possesses a quiet dignity that sometimes seems too modern a sensibility for a black domestic that faced the loss of her livelihood, a severe beating, a jail sentence, death or a combination of all four.  Nevertheless, the actress does a great job with her material and will most likely be cited for an Oscar nomination.  In a similar manner, Octavia Spencer completely replicates the novel's Minny and is a joy to behold.<br /><br />Some of the other character choices left more to be desired--in particular, Allison Janney as Skeeter's mother.  Not only was the sense of her relationship with her daughter in the film different from the Steel Magnolia who stubbornly combats cancer in the novel, her exuberant persistence seems out of context for the novel's more rigid 1960s' South.  Here, the screenplay must claim most of the blame; Skeeter's mother shows definite liberal tendencies--speaking of \\"courage skipping a generation\\" and tossing the horrific Hilly off her front porch as if that would ever happen in a world where appearances and crisp cool emotionless interchanges were uppermost for the upper crust.<br /><br />Along this line, the entire scene where the mystery of Constantine is finally relayed to the unsuspecting Skeeter seemed completely out of character and out of context with the sensibility of the milieu.  Never, in a million years would Skeeter's mother ever tell her about the episode with Constantine, her daughter Rachel and the women's group meeting in the Phelan home.  And why not make the character of Rachel look white as depicted in the book?  Would it make sense for Rachel, the daughter of the domestic, to come to the front door, no matter where `Up North' she was living?  Wouldn't Mrs. Phelan have handled that in the kitchen where such situations, at that time, belonged?  Why ruin the drama of the `she looks white' surprise moment?  The novel's 1960s' Mrs. Phelan would never think twice about her decision and she would never approve of Skeeter crossing the line and writing a book promoting the roles of black maids in a white household.  Obviously, Taylor as director and screenwriter of this film version of \\"The Help\\" decided to give the film a modern twist that would better appeal to the sensibilities oftoday's audience.  This almost saccharine-y veneer adds a positive gloss to the book's less descriptive outcome for the three main characters.<br /><br />Nonetheless, \\"The Help\\" completely absorbs its audience for the full length of its two hour and seventeen minute running time.  Throughout, a sense of fun prevails as epitomized by Minny's frequent and ominous wailing over \\"the Terrible Awful\\" she enacted upon the malicious Miss Hilly (Bryce Dallas Howard) and the viewer's growing awareness and eventual understanding of just what this is as seen from the vantage points of those it effects: Missus Walters (the wonderful Sissy Spacek), Hilly, Minny and Celia Foote (played with just the right \\"ditz\\" factor by Jessica Chastain).  Lacking only is the feeling of imminent danger for the black women involved in a scheme that could have cost them their lives and a real sense of Skeeter committing the forbidden--the book's scene of Skeeter reading the Jim Crow laws in the library, subsequently stealing the pamphlet and consequently fearing Hilly will see the stolen goods and--oh no--the working manuscript of the maids' interviews when Skeeter leaves behind her messenger bag is reduced to a two second sequence where Hilly glimpses the pamphlet during a conversation between the two characters.  The audience never fully understands the consequences of Skeeter's flouting and straying from tradition.  She is shunned, at first for her misfit personality, her anti-Junior League appearance and then for her outrageousness, but she doggedly carries on her clandestine Civil Rights campaign suggesting immunity to her circumstances rather than the impact of a lived experience.<br /><br />Bottom line?  For the most part, by viewing Tate Taylor's \\"The Help\\" as a madcap escapade where one white woman and a bevy of black women band together to speak out during the treacherous times of the Civil Rights Movement in the Jim Crow South and flout, in their small way, the traditions of generations will insure a good film experience. The depiction of Hilly and her band of Junior Leaguers as overtly malicious, gossipy and superficial wielders of ultimate power over the lives and welfare of their black servants might seem almost cartoon-ish and disrespectful to the reality of a treacherous time in American history.  However, this is meant as a devise to increase the innate gravitas of Viola Davis' performance--her eyes alone convey a lifetime of pain infused with resilience gleaned by small joys--and to spotlight Minny, although beaten by a drunken husband as she is, as another symbol of perseverance through the other avenue of outrageous outspokenness and familial familiarity combined with the innate mothering aspects of the true nurturer.  Whether or not you can overlook what may be deemed as stereotypical matters not in the overall outcome.  The film entertains with a feel good sentimentality that works despite some jarring modern sensibilities thrown into the ultimate mix that is not unlike Minny's celebrated pie:  rich chocolate-y goodness and pure blarney.  Recommended.<br />Diana Faillace Von Behren<br />\\"reneofc\\"ost saccharine-y veneer adds a positive gloss to the book's less descriptive outcome for the three main characters.     Nonetheless, \\"The Help\\" completely absorbs its audience for the full length of its two hour and seventeen minute running time.  Throughout, a sense of fun prevails as epitomized by Minny's frequent and ominous wailing over \\"the Terrible Awful\\" she enacted upon the malicious Miss Hilly (Bryce Dallas Howard) and the viewer's growing awareness and eventual understanding of just what this is as seen from the vantage points of those it effects: Missus Walters (the wonderful Sissy Spacek), Hilly, Minny and Celia Foote (played with just the right \\"ditz\\" factor by Jessica Chastain).  Lacking only is the feeling of imminent danger for the black women involved in a scheme that could have cost them their lives and a real sense of Skeeter committing the forbidden--the book's scene of Skeeter reading the Jim Crow laws in the library, subsequently stealing the pamphlet and consequently fearing Hilly will see the stolen goods and--oh no--the working manuscript of the maids' interviews when Skeeter leaves behind her messenger bag is reduced to a two second sequence where Hilly glimpses the pamphlet during a conversation between the two characters.   The audience never fully understands the consequences of Skeeter's flouting and straying from tradition.  She is shunned, at first for her misfit personality, her anti-Junior League appearance and then for her outrageousness, but she doggedly carries on her clandestine Civil Rights campaign suggesting immunity to her circumstances rather than the impact of a lived experience.       Bottom line?  For the most part, by viewing Tate Taylor's \\"The Help\\" as a madcap escapade where one white woman and a bevy of black women band together to speak out during the treacherous times of the Civil Rights Movement in the Jim Crow South and flout, in their small way, the traditions of generations will insure a good film experience. The depiction of Hilly and her band of Junior Leaguers as overtly malicious, gossipy and superficial wielders of ultimate power over the lives and welfare of their black servants might seem almost cartoon-ish and disrespectful to the reality of a treacherous time in American history.  However, this is meant as a devise to increase the innate gravitas of Viola Davis' performance--her eyes alone convey a lifetime of pain infused with resilience gleaned by small joys--and to spotlight Minny, although beaten by a drunken husband as she is, as another symbol of perseverance through the other avenue of outrageous outspokenness and familial familiarity combined with the innate mothering aspects of the true nurturer.  Whether or not you can overlook what may be deemed as stereotypical matters not in the overall outcome.  The film entertains with a feel good sentimentality that works despite some jarring modern sensibilities thrown into the ultimate mix that is not unlike Minny's celebrated pie:  rich chocolate-y goodness and pure blarney.  Recommended.  Diana Faillace Von Behren  \\"reneofc\\"
1609611543|5.0|~~Definition of \\"wheat belly\\": the accumulation of fat that results from years of consuming foods that trigger insulin, the hormone of fat storage.~~~<br /><br />After reading Dr. Davis' blog for most of this year, I couldn't wait to get his book. I NOOKed it last night. (I had already bought the Woman's World magazine with an article featuring it.) And I recommend trying WHEAT FREE eating to anyone with weight issues. Especially y'all with insulin-resistance/diabetes/allergies/autoimmune/bathroom issues. I really do.<br /><br />In WHEAT BELLY, Dr. Davis , a cardiologist, asks you to look at family albums and look at granny and grandpa and see how many were obese. I didn't have to. I already had done this exercise when I was getting serious about losing weight. My immigrant father and siblings didn't suffer from obesity--but I'm way younger...the \\"change of life\\" baby who grew up in THIS country with this nation's sugary/wheaty foods. My mom only in later life when she got ill and less active, then she lost it again. I and subsequent generations of my family: rampant obesity. A gathering of family means you better have sturdy chairs and roomy doorways. We're a huge lot. What does your family look like, then and now? Got a \\"wheat belly\\"?<br /><br />I remember being young and going places and rarely seeing morbidly obese or really obese folks. In school, the heavy kid was the rarity--yeah, often picked on because \\"different\\". Lots of fat teens now, right? Obesity is common now, right? And I was one of the big folks at 300 lbs. Not obese anymore. Just overweight--and working on it still.<br /><br />I've lost 117 pounds. I began last year by moderating carbs--which included giving up almost all bread products and decreasing pasta use-- and this year moved into ditching all grains other than rice (after reading some Paleo/Primal works, some low carb authors, and the Jaminets' Perfect Health diet). I don't do any diet perfectly, but this year, eliminating wheat/gluten has been a great,great help. I noticed a difference in energy level.<br /><br />My asthma and allergies began to improve (and they are so bad, I've had steroid treatments since I was a child and have never been OFF drugs for them, EVER, and I'm middle-aged). My eczema improved and I can wear much lighter makeup (less camouflage needed). My weight came off easier, without wild appetite or undue hunger. I felt..food calm. This was a novel feeling after 2+ decades of overeating/binge-eating obesity. My HDL skyrocketed. My triglycerides fell to the floor. My mood is great (and I have a lifelong history of depression). Reflux is gone. Acne is almost completely clear.<br /><br />It sounds nuts. Too good to be true.<br /><br />Whatever. Try before you deny. :D<br /><br />As someone who grew a huge \\"wheat belly\\" and tried all sorts of diet plans without success, success meaning feeling great and getting out of obesity--I tried raw vegan and ovo-lacto-vegetarian and packaged-low-carb and delivery low-fat meals and WW and Nutrisystem, south Beach, etc. It was when I ditched the grains (except rice)that something happened. I felt food zen. When the wheat was gone, gone, that's when I benefited most and felt really reborn. My hubby, who is doing no wheat/gluten too, just can't keep weight on; seriously, since he ditched wheat/gluten he has to eat 6 times a day or gets UNDERWEIGHT, and he had weeks of losing 5 or more pounds while eating a lot of steak, chicken, pork, fruit, vegetables, dark chocolate. I finally had to add potatoes and rice in larger portions and Larabars to get him to NOT turn into a skeleton--I tell you that if you have weight problems and bad cholesterol numbers (especially HDL and triglycerides and the small-density LDL), please try Dr. Davis' plan. It might save your heart/pancreas/liver/joints/intestines..life.<br /><br />So, what's in the book?<br /><br />He tells us--in layperson accessible language, from the perspective of someone who grew his own \\"wheat belly\\" and ruined his lipid profile and raised his blood sugar to dangerous highs-- about one of the most common foods we (you) eat. In bread, wraps, pasta, processed snacks, breakfast cereals, soups, it's EVERYWHERE.  \\"Modern wheat is no more real wheat than a chimpanzee is an approximation of a human,\\" he says. \\"I will make the case that the world's most popular grain is also the world's most destructive dietary ingredient.\\" He speaks of its perilous glycemic index and its addictive properties.<br /><br />He goes into the history of wheat and how in the last 50 years, it's been modified to become a dangerous food. \\"Small changes in wheat protein structure can spell the difference between devastating immune response to wheat protein versus no immune response at all.\\" You'll learn about original wheats, their natural changes/evolution, then our manipulations. Our aims may have been \\"admirable\\" --increase yields, end hunger--but good intentions can end up with some unexpectedly bad results.<br /><br />Dr. Davis experimented ON HIMSELF with the ancient train of wheat (einkorn) and modern wheat. He noted a big difference in glucose meter results and physical symptoms. Old wheat ain't new wheat. We messed up a \\"good\\" grain.<br /><br />He explains why, whether WHOLE or REFINED, this \\"supercarbohydrate\\" is not good for you. Period. And especially if you don't want your appetite stimulated .<br /><br />He discusses the addictive effect of wheat. Studies on schizophrenics/autistic and wheat. Intestinal permeability trigged by wheat (if you have autoimmune issues, be informed about this).<br /><br />Read about the night-eater patient whose appetite normalized and weight dropped without wheat. (I found this to be true here in my home. I was a night binge-er. No more.)<br /><br />He discusses celiac disease and how it affects more people now (int he era of dwarf wheat) than in mid 20th century (sans dwarf wheat). And he covers why gluten-free substitute foods are not a good idea for the overweight/obese. Don't miss the case study of \\"Wendy\\"--who almost got her innards cut out. Fascinating stuff in that one. Every part of the body MAY be affected by gluten. It's also in products you may not realize: lipstick, toothpaste, gum, etc.<br /><br />He has a chapter on insulin resistance/diabetes. We've got an epidemic of that, making this highly pertinent info. He dicusses lowering carbohydrates in the diet, and its quickly-evident benefits for the I.R./Diabetic.<br /><br />He looks at the pH disruption brought on by wheat; on its effect on joints. \\"Jason's\\" story, in particular, stood out for me. He also covers the aging process: yep, wheat ages you faster!<br /><br />He also covers wheat and heart disease and other diseases (including hair loss).<br /><br />Dr. Davis offers a \\"how to eat\\" section, of course. \\"There is no rehabilitation, only elimination.\\" As I learned from the Paleo/Primal crowd, you can eliminate wheat/gluten/grains, fill that void with great, real, healthful foods, and not suffer any downside. You don't need grains: period. You don't need wheat. You want it, maybe addicted to it, but don't NEED it. And I will bear out that fasting is easier sans wheat in the diet. I had a hard time in the past doing it--the wild cravings. I routinely intermittently fast these days. :D<br /><br />Dr. Davis tried his diet on his patients, with remarkable results where conditions of assorted types resolved or improved within 3 months. Reintroduce wheat--symptoms begin to return. (I found out the hard way I'm one of those. My right hand joints are the first to swell after ingesting some wheat flour.)<br /><br />I'll leave it to the pros-- doctors and researchers and scientist--to look at his case and see if it holds. It makes sense to me.<br /><br />Read the book and decide yourself. Or just TRY THE DANG wheat-free eating and see how your body responds. It's not an onerous way to eat. To me, that's the best test of all--give it a trial. Then see:Do you lose weight? Do you feel less hungry, with a manageable appetite? Can you eat MORE healthful foods and feel totally satisfied and NOT get fat? Does your energy go up? Do your \\"wheat belly\\"-related conditions improve or resolve? Does skin look better and your waist get smaller? Is your mood lighter? How's the mental clarity?<br /><br />My high blood pressure and prediabetes are resolved.  Obesity gone. I can touch my head to my knees again. This year. Sans wheat/gluten. Hubby a desk-sitting software architect, fits into his college clothes--from back when he was an 18 year-old athletic dude. He no longer falls asleep on the couch after coming home from work. He's got his vim and vigor back! For that matter, I don't fall asleep on the couch anymore--and that was a common occurrence. Post-meal sleepies. No more o' dat!<br /><br />What would an anti-wheat-belly diet be? This: Eliminate wheat--radically and completely-- lower carbohydrates, increase real  food(not processed junk foods), meaning eat freely from vegetables, eat some fruit, use healthful oils without fear, eat raw nuts and seeds without guilt, eat eggs and meat without shame, but cook them in lower heats/shorter time, enjoy cheese. Of course, he gives a lot of other and deeper pointers, but that's the gist. (And it reminds me to wean off the date-dried-fruit based energy bars I've let slide into my diet. Tasty, but do I need the glucose-rise/AGEs?)<br /><br />It works. Try it. Give it a month or two. Assess.<br /><br />And be well...at one. Every part of the body MAY be affected by gluten. It's also in products you may not realize: lipstick, toothpaste, gum, etc.    He has a chapter on insulin resistance/diabetes. We've got an epidemic of that, making this highly pertinent info. He dicusses lowering carbohydrates in the diet, and its quickly-evident benefits for the I.R./Diabetic.    He looks at the pH disruption brought on by wheat; on its effect on joints. \\"Jason's\\" story, in particular, stood out for me. He also covers the aging process: yep, wheat ages you faster!    He also covers wheat and heart disease and other diseases (including hair loss).    Dr. Davis offers a \\"how to eat\\" section, of course. \\"There is no rehabilitation, only elimination.\\" As I learned from the Paleo/Primal crowd, you can eliminate wheat/gluten/grains, fill that void with great, real, healthful foods, and not suffer any downside. You don't need grains: period. You don't need wheat. You want it, maybe addicted to it, but don't NEED it. And I will bear out that fasting is easier sans wheat in the diet. I had a hard time in the past doing it--the wild cravings. I routinely intermittently fast these days. :D    Dr. Davis tried his diet on his patients, with remarkable results where conditions of assorted types resolved or improved within 3 months. Reintroduce wheat--symptoms begin to return. (I found out the hard way I'm one of those. My right hand joints are the first to swell after ingesting some wheat flour.)    I'll leave it to the pros-- doctors and researchers and scientist--to look at his case and see if it holds. It makes sense to me.     Read the book and decide yourself. Or just TRY THE DANG wheat-free eating and see how your body responds. It's not an onerous way to eat. To me, that's the best test of all--give it a trial. Then see: Do you lose weight? Do you feel less hungry, with a manageable appetite? Can you eat MORE healthful foods and feel totally satisfied and NOT get fat? Does your energy go up? Do your \\"wheat belly\\"-related conditions improve or resolve? Does skin look better and your waist get smaller? Is your mood lighter? How's the mental clarity?    My high blood pressure and prediabetes are resolved.  Obesity gone. I can touch my head to my knees again. This year. Sans wheat/gluten. Hubby a desk-sitting software architect, fits into his college clothes--from back when he was an 18 year-old athletic dude. He no longer falls asleep on the couch after coming home from work. He's got his vim and vigor back! For that matter, I don't fall asleep on the couch anymore--and that was a common occurrence. Post-meal sleepies. No more o' dat!    What would an anti-wheat-belly diet be? This: Eliminate wheat--radically and completely-- lower carbohydrates, increase real  food(not processed junk foods), meaning eat freely from vegetables, eat some fruit, use healthful oils without fear, eat raw nuts and seeds without guilt, eat eggs and meat without shame, but cook them in lower heats/shorter time, enjoy cheese. Of course, he gives a lot of other and deeper pointers, but that's the gist. (And it reminds me to wean off the date-dried-fruit based energy bars I've let slide into my diet. Tasty, but do I need the glucose-rise/AGEs?)    It works. Try it. Give it a month or two. Assess.    And be well...
0553573403|5.0|I don't read very much Knights-n-Maidens fantasy, so I'm not sure what it is that others are looking for, the negative reviews make me wonder if they were reading the same book. But I am loving this story! Everything the haters hate, I love. Martin's use of language is lovely. His descriptions of cold, leave you wanting a sweater. its a slow read. you savor it. I'm a person who sips my tequila instead of shooting it - and I only drink the good stuff. This book is like sipping on cold,  smooth Milagro or Patron. It bites, it burns, its cold, complex, delicious, satisfying, and not what you would normally expect. Maybe the way others would feel about a fine scotch... The device of using different POVs is a refreshing and satisfying way to tell a story. The fact that there is not one clear hero to root for is engaging. You have to get to know the characters, you get to linger with them... nothing is cut and dried, no one is flat, not even the ones that seem flat at first. you get the different perspectives on morality...its good - or not. I'm also surprised that so many adults are upset by the sex in the book. It's not THAT graphic. Sure, there are disturbing sections. But disturbing things happen to people, that's life - real or fiction. the female characters are fabulous. They are actual characters, not just pretty romantic plot devices. I'm half way through. Cant wait to get home and read more. It's been a long time since I felt this way about a book. My BF laughs every time I gasp when i'm reading. He's read it. He's trying not to spoil the ending for me. neither of us can wait till i finish so that we can watch the series and discuss!
B001FBSMF8|1.0|Let me start by saying that I think Chris Cornell is the most talented singer in rock today.  With that in mind I eagerly bought this CD, hoping for more incredible music - only to find out that talent alone cannot make a CD great. This collection of canned beats and horrible songs is the single most disappointing music purchase I have ever made. My first listen consisted of skipping through track by track - (\\"there must be one good song on this thing\\"). Next I gave it a complete listen, hoping it would grow on me (\\"wrong\\"). I tried to get through it a third time, but did not get past the 4th track, then for the first time ever, tossed a new CD in the trash.   I guess this is to be expected from a \\"super-producer\\" who names himself after a pair of shoes.
0345528581|5.0|Has a nice variety of workouts as well as good tips on staying fit with exercise and diet.  Would definitely recommend to anyone wanting to add variety to their workouts.
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|wow!  this is one of the best movies I've ever seen.  the overall message is that good can come out of something that looks like something awful. the picture was very and I mean very well done!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|This is not a review for the ORIGINAL films, but a review for all of the previous changes, and even the new ones that were made on THIS edition alone. George Lucas needs to release the original theatrical cuts in higher quality already, and stop giving the fans inferior products.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|How can you tell if you are buying an authentic Star Wars movie?    *Does Han Solo shoot Greedo first? Authentic!  *Does Darth Vader yell \\"Noooooo!\\"? Fake!  *Do crappy CGI cartoon characters interrupt the story every 20 seconds? Fake!    There are many other ways to tell if you are wasting money on a counterfeit release of Star Wars. Use Google to learn more!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Be Warned, this is release is full of more than simple revisions of the like of Greedo's shot.  Adding the abominable \\"NOOOO!\\" to the most climactic moment in the saga is beyond poor taste, its sickening. Obi won's new howl as well, is really shockingly poor.    If these revisions weren't disturbing enough, the colors are still atrocious, Vader's lightsaber is still pink in certain shots, the black levels are still crushed, and most of the other errors from the 2004 masters are still here.  Even the audio mix has errors from the 2004 dvd.    I highly recommend avoiding this.
030788743X|5.0|Ok. I'm not going to summarize the book, everyone else has done a great job of doing that. I'm going to talk about the merits of this book. After all, that's what reviews are for, no?    1. It's jampacked with 80's pop culture references. Everything from arcade games to John Hughes to Chuck Taylors are covered. If that's your liking, buy now.  2. It plays out like a videogame (Ironically). This book is just like a video game, mainly because most of the action takes place inside of a video game.  3. It's got great characters. The way you don't really know the characters and gradually learn more about them is well done on Mr. Cline's part.    Those are the 3 main things I can say. I also couldn't put this book down. I read it in around 6 hours of straight reading, and I haven't been so drawn into a book for a long time.    Must read for retro gamers, and lovers of all things 80's.
0345529057|5.0|It came with an excellent package, the books were wraped in plastic inside a box, the box were inside an eco bag, it all came almost like untouchable. Took 14 days to arrive here (SP - BR) which is a very fast post.
B004T5K3OK|5.0|I agree with the previous reviewer. This is a great value and if you install the free app from the market this key will unlock it. This give you a good price but easy updates.<br /><br />Note to previous reviewer who gave it a one star because he could not open it. this is just the key not the program...
B0038W0OHQ|5.0|The headset had a sturdy build, earpiece fits comfortably on my ear, and the earpieces can be switched out easily. The sound is amazing, picked up a few sound that I wasn't able to hear with other earphone and desktop speaker. Used this on Skype the sound is so much better, I don't know why that is as the sound should really depend on the quality of the connection, but using the head set Skype sounds better. The retrievable mic is a big plus. The cord is wrapped in cloth like material not some plastic rubber. The whole feel of this headset is sturdiness and it's build to last.
B000001GQR|5.0|This is not just truly the  best and unsurpassed performance of Schubert's Ninth Symphony, but probably the greatest achievement in the whole history of conducting. Sorry for those who don't understand it. Karajan? Boehm? Szell? Krips? von Pitamich? Toscanini? Perhaps only Bruno Walter looses the competition without getting flooded away.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I wasn't even going to bother writing a review for this.<br />I own so many different versions of Star Wars already it's just a joke.<br />Vhs twice.<br />DVD twice.<br />I have the originals that Lucas was nice enough to slap on as an insulting afterthought on DVD and that's really all I want.<br />Why am I writing then?<br />It appears our beloved maniacal puppet master Lucas isn't quite done tinkering with the original trilogy.<br />Isn't it bad enough he infected the planet with the dialog from Attack of the Clones?<br />Bad enough that he inserted Hayden into Jedi?<br />He is now replacing the puppet from Menace with the CGI Yoda from Clones and Sith.<br />This is the only move I actually approve of as the CGI Yoda looks much better.<br />Nope that's not it...to my surprise and utter horror he is adding the Darth Vader \\"NOOOOOOOOOOO\\" from the end of Sith to the end of Jedi.<br />Lucas?<br />Haven't you desecrated our childhood memories enough without adding that laughable \\"NOOOOOOOOO\\" to Jedi when Vader picks up the Emperor and tosses him into the pit?<br />And Obi Wan's new Krayt Dragon call?<br />Alec Guiness is rolling in his grave right now making the same sound.<br />Sad.<br />Pathetic.<br />I'll never buy these versions.<br />EVER.<br />Especially after reading this latest blasphemy.<br />Star Wars on Blu Ray...recommended???<br />NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!
B005DI994W|5.0|I have seen this film a number  of times. It is truly a gigantic spectacle.  The battle scene is one of the most spectacular ever filmed.<br />I'm looking forward to the Blu-Ray version. the technicolor  is very vivid and will be even more so in the Blu-Ray format<br />It is unfortunate that films of this genre are not made today on a grand scale like this film
B001YB29HG|5.0|One of my favorite movies/musicals ever! NPH & Felicia Day are some awesome people and came together GREAT for thier rolls in this musical! Highly recommended!
0316017922|4.0|This book has an interesting concept and is well written if one likes to read newspaper articles. Given its author, its not suprising it is crafted in a journalistic style. However, it was an interesting read that proposes a believable theory of how people succeed through practice and fortitude.
B0054S6N04|5.0|I loved this book. Linda Howard is a terrific writer, but this is one I've read over and over again. It's got everything; strong female character, witty dialog, and lots of sexual tension. Right after it first came out, I was at a party and one of my friends asked,\\"What's a fun book you've read lately?\\" Three of us yelled out, \\"Mr. Perfect!\\"
B0054N73EY|2.0|Red Hot Chili Peppers have always made great music,  Anthony, Flea and Chad continued the great music but Im not a fan of the Josh addition, Many people can pick up a guitar and make a bunch of weird noises and effects with it. Very few can actually master a skill like Fruschiante and Navarro have. Fleas basslines are excellent, Anthony is funky as always and Chad is a great drummer but although I love the peppers I am really not feeling this album, I think a more skilled guitarist would have brightend this album greatly. I am all for the Chili peppers succeeding but I am not feeling this album. It really sucks, you dont know what you got till its gone and John made a huge difference in the Chili peppers sound.
B00479SVBU|5.0|great player.. very satisfied with my buy.. highly recommended.. i was skeptic about the price versus quality, but when i received the item, i was no longer skeptic.
B0002VFXFE|5.0|Everything worked how it was suppose to, came with no instructions, but self explanatory.  Use only a small amount when applying this stuff because it is suppose to fill up the gaps, because a paste is a way better conductor than air, but too much paste will make it work like an insulator.  Anyways good product overall...
B00479SVBU|4.0|Ok, first of all, the free shipping was nothing but Kudos for amazon.com, not because of the no-cost, but because it arrived within the week at that. Out of the box, you could tell it was a good, sturdy, product, that has some weight to it, the screen is a little iffy. It does have a dark spot on bottom right hand of the screen, but who cares. ITS A SCREEN, ON A FM TRANSMITTER. Works well, I work in the oilfield so it has to be reliable. The remote is awesome, I dont really care about the SD capabilities of it. I'm an Ipod kinda consumer and I was kinda worried about the aux cable being included, and to my satisfactory, it was. Good deal.
0375842209|5.0|An incredibly wonderful/beautiful story of a young girl living and growing up in Nazi Germany that celebrates the Human Spirit.  While the story is not the happiest at times, the author Mark Zusak works a very unique narrative that leaves you incredibly fulfilled and inspired.  He uses the idea of books and words to play an important part in telling this amazing story.  I especially enjoyed the unique ways the author presented it.  For example, it was narrated by \\"Death\\".  You might think that would give the story a very dark feel, but the story was actually made more sensitive, and more human by this approach. Mark also used PowerPoint type call outs of background information within the narrative which helped shift modes and provided a smother flow.  Another unique feature was when the  author gave the reader a glimpse on what the future of some of the characters would be, before the story-line arrived at that point.  This worked extremely well and I had never seen it done before. I think this is a five star book and it is now on my top ten list of books I've ever read.  This book has my highest recommendation.
B005J6LKVI|5.0|In my 60 years of watching films, I do not believe I have ever been so strongly affected by any as I have been by \\"The Help.\\" I have seen so many documentaries and movies about the Civil Rights Movement that I never thought I would see another that would have such a strong impact on me! As a New Englander, I truly had no real understanding of what segregation really meant, or how blacks were treated, even after watching other films on the subject. This film has has truly opened my eyes and made me so much more aware of the hell blacks in America had to live in and through, even after the end of slavery. This film deserves to win every Academy Award it is eligible for, without reservation.
B001SS3JS8|4.0|This book covers disturbing subject matter but is a good book and easy read. I have read several of Jodi Picoult books.
B004T5R2HQ|3.0|Scans well and manages the scan reasonably well, but the pdf limitation of this free version is unhelpful. I only just now noticed that the full version is suddenly among the top favorite of the paid apps.
B000XUOIQ4|5.0|My daughter loved this movie and now my granddaughter is watching it.  She loves the cats and the singing.  A classic from Disney.
B004ZQBP3Q|4.0|Second album from LMFAO, big fan. Some of the songs are...eh. Mostly good though. I suggest you get a used copy though, because the regular copies are pretty expensive.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Lucas tinkered with the original trilogy in 1997 for the Special Editions and 2004 for the DVD release, but that just wasn't enough so now he has gone back and altered the films again.....for the worse of course. On top of that all the picture and sound problems from the 2004 DVDs still exist making this blu-ray release the biggest joke from LFL yet. Vote with your wallet and don't give any more of your hard earned cash to such a substandard offering!
B000O8OTNC|4.0|Great sharpener got the job done perfectly, sharpened all my knifes to the point where i can consider them almost new again.
B0000047BA|5.0|I would find it hard to believe this movie made any money. With the all-star bluesmen in the soundtrack and the cast (maybe not A team, but certainly B+s), the producers seem to have given Director Dennis Hopper an open checkbook and, at least on the soundtrack, he spent it!    Keep in mind the soundtrack is made to enhance, not detract from the money. As such, sometimes the sounds seem a bit redundent, but make for good driving music.
B00505470O|5.0|Definately one of my FAVORITE albums of the year, hands down.  I had not heard of Washed Out before this album, but now I can't get enough of it.  Hits the spot.
B004SEUJ82|5.0|The perspective of the holocaust through the friendship of two boys, each on a different side of the camp fence, is truly unique.  What was so interesting though was how each character in the film evolved.  Every character's story was told in detail, and the depth of their knowledge of the camp or their naive misconceptions growing to enlightenment was powerful. That evolution was beautifully portrayed by the actors.  The acting was incredible throughout, though I did find the accents of Brits playing German characters a bit distracting. As others have said the ending will leave you completely floored but it drives a stake into your heart of the insanity of the holocaust.    The Blu-ray is DTS 5.1 sound and a perfect transfer of a 1.85:1 aspect ratio.  At the time of this review the BD is almost half the price of the DVD.  It that's the case when you're interested in a purchase, get the blu-ray.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I'm not a diehard Star Wars fan, but I am a diehard movie buff, and I find the continued changes Lucas has made to these films to be unforgivable from a historical and aesthetic standpoint. I canceled my Blu-Ray order after seeing and reading about the changes made to the films. He has gone too far this time. He has made a career out of releasing and re-releasing Star Wars, making unnecessary changes to justify a re-release while refusing to fix simple errors because frankly I think Lucas doesn't even watch Star Wars anymore. He watches a 10 second clip and signs off on the change and that's it.    I've heard apologists say, \\"Well, no one is forcing you to watch the movies.\\" You're right. And so that's why Lucas will never get another $1 from me, and apparently I'm not alone.
B0058YPGL6|5.0|I have never watched MTV but the advance notices on this show piqued my interest. I was hooked from Day 1. Some of the actors were already familiar from other shows (e.g. Colton Haynes from THE GATES - who played a werewolf there; Ian Bohen from earlier British work, etc.).  The show is much more than just \\"boy gets bitten by werewolf\\" and \\"boy becomes werewolf\\".  It's also a mystery as to who has done the \\"original biting\\" and who is the \\"Alpha Wolf\\". There are werewolf hunters with their own personalities and conflicts; there is depth to the characters; there is plenty of eye candy; great cliff hangers. Haynes, in particular, evolves as an interesting and conflicted character; the central character (Posey) is in love with a member of the werewolf hunters' family; a mysterious veterinarian and a hospitalized young lady who was also werewolf attacked add to the mix along with the new putative \\"Alpha\\" werewolf.  This show was far better than most of those on the higher rung of network and cable TV.  Can't wait for Season 2 and the DVD. An excellent \\"guilty pleasure\\".
B004HMYNFK|4.0|I belong to a book club and I picked \\"The Ladies Number 1 Detective Agency\\" for our next book.  I ordered all the books on Amazon and received them just in time for our meeting.  The only complaint I have is that the postage was more than the books, since I ordered each individually and they came from different people.
1400032717|5.0|I am no literary critic and I struggle with writing a review for this book.  I don't usually write reviews on amazon (I'm pretty sure this is my first) but I felt this book deserving of my two cents.  I wont give any of the story away, if you're reading this review you know the plot.  The story being told in the first person by an Autistic child is brilliant.  Its so different from anything I've ever read.  Little facts, random tidbits, and math problems are found throughout the book, and would normally seem out of place and boring but are essential to the book.  Yes, there is a mystery to be solved in this story, but ultimately this is our chance to get to know Christopher.  This is a chance to take a peak into the mind/thoughts of someone with a handicap.  Its fascinating.  Christopher is one of the most engaging characters I've ever read.  You can't help but be totally swept up in his telling of events.  I will caution that you may find it hard to like many, if any of the characters in this story.  Even Christopher himself, though we know he has some sort of handicap, shows himself to be completely uncaring and selfish in nature.  We know and appreciate why he is the way he is, but it still made me uncomfortable.  And after thinking about for a few days, i think that is why I really like this book. It was uncomfortable.  It had some tense family moments, and I couldn't make out how i felt about them.  It had some thematic elements i wasn't sure about, but it made me think.  How would I deal with a situation like this?  Could i deal with a situation like this? It taught me some things. It made me think about how I act. It made me more appreciative of the things my parents put up with, and the sacrifices they made for me and my sister. It made me sad, made me happy, made me laugh and cry(well, think about crying) and it was thoroughly entertaining.  The ending was not what I expected, and felt pretty forced and rushed.  I think it could stand to have an extra 20 or30 pages to take its time in wrapping the story, but all in all, it was a wonderful book that I recommend.
B005CAAXXM|5.0|Well now, just as I was able to FINALLY get TPS out of my head, The new Leprous album has stung my brain once again. Severely infectious songwriting and totally insane riffage has renedered my grey matter useless.seriously. This band takes the cake for \\"most creative use of music influences without being stale\\". Every time I think they have outdone themselves, the next track comes on!  top notch musicianship, as well as one of progressive rock/metal BEST voices of all time. If you have any sense at all, buy this and support something worthwhile for a change. Utterly fabulous!!!
0553801473|1.0|I was so looking forward to this book but found it tedious to read.  And I was extremely confused with the non-ending.  Are there more books to follow?  Let me know now how many more are expected before he finishes the series.  Even Harry Potter had an end in sight.
B000J233SK|5.0|Great CD great music for relaxing would recommend this CD if you like a CELTIC-INDIAN sound ! ! ! !
B000FC1AGG|1.0|I usually love Sophie Kinsella books and read all the shopaholic books so I was excited to read something else of hers. I was very disappointed with this book. Sure I laughed a couple times, but it wasn't good.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|We watch this during lunch and it makes a hectic workday that much more enjoyable! Can't wait to get season 2!
B001CD6FKI|1.0|Only watched about 25 minutes and had to turn it off.  I was a big Speed Racer fan growing up.  Big dissapointment!
B003Y5H542|1.0|This movie was boring from the begining to the ending. Honestly I don't even remember anything about it.  It is not something I would pick for a family movie night.  All the characters are so ugly....mostly rodents if I remember correctly.  A giant snake.  Nothing that capture my interest at all.  None of the jokes were funny except what they show you in the trailer, that's pretty much it.  If you see the trailer and makes you want to see more, no need. There is nothing more to see. Get Rio instead!  Rango should just be trashed. Not even worth keeping.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Brains are awesome i loved this game everyonr in the family loved the game used in my g2 no  problem
B0007KTBIU|5.0|They were fast, and the product was exactly as advertised! I am very happy I bought with them. I would buy again for sure!
B002VPE1AW|5.0|i ordered this for my boyfriend, we saw it before at the movies, and liked it, and wanted to own it. we see different things each time we se it. thank you, came in eary.
0767827791|5.0|I could scarcely believe it. The words 'Modified to fit your screen' appearing on a 'RESTORED print'. Is Sony kidding?  But wait.. it gets worse... The audio transfer of the first 'reel' of the movie is appalling. Its as if the loop you used to have to leave in the film as you loaded the film in the projector was too small, consequently the audio (optical) soundtrack was 'jerked' through the sound gate, creating an extremely annoying inconsistency in sound. Easily fixed at the local cinema, but for a DVD,  which clearly hasn't been restored at all, just unthinkable.  I find it enormously insulting that large corporations should treat us , fairly discriminating, viewers in such a cavalier fashion.  I give 5 stars for the movie. Zero for the transfer.  Look elsewhere for this movie. disgraceful.
1451629184|5.0|This is a truly inspirational book of a young girl who has dealt with the monster in society, and survived.  Look forward to updates.
0553801473|4.0|I have waited a long time for this book to see were the story line would go. it has been worth the wait. this is a good series with many charactors that you want to follow to find out more of the story.
0553801473|5.0|I am somewhat mystified by the low reviews here; I thoroughly enjoyed this book, and again cannot wait for the next one.<br /><br />Yes, it left questions unanswered; but with two more books on the way, it kinda has to, doesn't it? Any other series I have ever read rests on the same premise; why would you go on reading if there was nothing else you wanted to find out?<br /><br />There were twists and turns here as well, the same type of, \\"oh my God!\\" moments that made the previous books so addicting. Yes, there was a lot of traveling about, as characters made their way into the next situation along their journeys, but as another reviewer said, it is a journey, and some travel and \\"down time\\" is to be expected. It is the journey that makes the adventure, and this adventure is one I will continue to follow with as much enjoyment as I felt in reading the first novel. Keep it up G.R.R. Martin. Just hope I won't have to wait too long for the next installment. :)
0714844659|5.0|I love everything thing about this book; the design and color of the book, the photos, layout, the love and then there is the food beautiful, read it cover to cover.  I love this style of food - rustic, seasonal, right balance of savory and sweet just good wholesome food.  Made the Braised Artichoke, lemon and lamb chops, really delicious and easy.   I love to cook and typically never bake but this book has inspired me to bake Rose makes it so easy and simple.    I think this book is great for the seasoned cook and for the beginner or for inspiration.   This would make a great holiday gift.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|It's bad enough that I have to pretend the \\"prequels\\" exist, but did Lucas have to go and prequel-up the good ones with his pathetic attempts to shoe-horn those terrible movies into one cohesive story? The events that lead to Anakin's fall from grace were far better left to the imagination. Allowing the viewer to create their own back-story from the limited clues left in the original (good) movies, to employ their own imaginations, brings the audience in to the story even after the movies are over. So many questions unanswered added to the allure and the mythological feeling of the original (good) movies. And the worst special effects in Star Wars (calling it \\"New Hope\\" is dumb, it's \\"Star Wars\\") have more heart and soul and impact than any cartoon CGI green-screen nonsense Lucasfilms regularly barfs into our eyes. If you disagree, take a good, long look at yourself. You've moved beyond \\"fanboy\\" and into the realm of \\"apologist.\\" Give us what we want, the original (good) movies, remastered in HD. Say what you want about the Ewok song, that scene showed closure for all the characters involved in the saga, the characters the audience had come to know and love throughout the series. Vader was vindicated, Luke realized his power, Leia and Han realized their love, and Chewbacca was all \\"GrrrrgggggGGGGGOOOOOOWWWW!\\" It had soul, it wrapped up the character-driven story perfectly over the joyous sound of singing space-teddy bears. The \\"Special Edition,\\" with Vader's ghost replaced by some annoying whiner, wrapped up the Lucas version: a CGI scene of a bunch of strangers cheering, none of whom any of us had any connection with. Apt.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|You know, I grew up in the 80's and the Star Wars trilogy was a deeply rooted part of my childhood.  I still enjoy the movies to this day, even though Lucas has not felt the need to release a nice remastered version of the films I grew up with.  Instead we get the special editions, which I basically accept with a 'grin and bear it' attitude.  But it seems with each release the movies see more and more poorly thought out changes added to them, which distance them a little bit more each time from the movies I loved as a kid.    That said, I was still somewhat looking forward to this set for its cleaned up audio, corrected color timing (which had been screwed up in the last DVD release), and some of the special features.  Well, my interest drove right off a cliff when I heard some of the changes that were made to the versions of the original films in this set.  Other reviews go into great detail about the specific changes, so I won't re-post that info here, but needless to say it completely killed my interest.  I'm not sure how some of these changes got past the 'idea' stage since they are laughably terrible and anyone in their right mind could tell you they were a bad idea.    It never hit me before at how legitimately frustrating it is that Lucas refuses restore the original versions of these movies for HD, or even a legit DVD release. I can literally find a DVD or better copy of any other film I loved as a kid and re-watch it as it was, but I can't do it with three of the biggest films of all time.
B001AQT0RC|5.0|I've viewed this film countless times. Each time I watch this movie, I'm left wondering how Contact is time and time again glossed over and seemingly forgotten. It's a true work of art; a beautiful, inspiring, self-affirming and hope filled tale of one woman's ambitious spiritual and scientific journey through the monumental discovery of alien life. This film does not pander to the blockbuster Michael Bay super-explosion loving crowd of \\"aliens vs humans'' plotlines that seem to dominate sci-fi, it's much deeper than that. This film is about how little, insignificant and infantile we are as a species, and how there may be millions of advanced creatures out there willing and ready to guide us through our evolution as a species if only we can find a way past all the troubling and petty politics and be receptive to them. Contact also expertly intertwines the seemingly contradictory doctrines of science and faith, and in the end shows how having a little bit of both may be the answer to the human experience.     What makes this film is the incredible performance of Jodie Foster and the emotionally resonant plot that humanizes her weaknesses as explainable personal tragedies early in her life. The culmination of the long and powerful story is one of the most beautiful and artistically vibrant scenes in any film I've ever seen. Truly, it's moved me to tears. I can count the number of films that have done this on one hand.    I have NO IDEA why this film has received so little recognition, whether on top all-time Sci-Fi films or top movies in general. The great Carl Sagan's brilliant story is brought to life in a semi-realistic portrayal of what would happen if a message from an alien species was ever received in modern times.    5 Stars.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|I was cruising along the highway listening to the radio and in the middle of a set in comes this soulful tune that reminds me of the tunes I grew up listening to with my parents.  You know what came next, the deep somewhat tortured voice and lyrics that make up the tune that I now know as \\"Rolling in the Deep\\".  I was hooked!  On a mission (when I take on one of these I cannot be deterred) I had to find out who this was and what was the name of that song!<br /><br />Even though I was not familiar with Adele I purchased this CD with no reservations at all. From the beginning to the end...this collection of her feelings expressed through music is STELLAR!!!  I do not care what age you are or what you usually listen to I am confident that there is room in your collection for this.  If nothing else when you have the folks over this is how you will impress them with your versatility ;D<br /><br />I have shared this find with many and I have not had one complaint yet only \\"Thanks for sharing...GREAT find!\\"  I must agree!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|It's like Lucas slapped that annoying little kid on the cover just to mock us.     Stop it George, just stop.    Also it appears these will again look like crap, just like the 2004 DVDs. With the exception of Episode I, we're essentially getting a standard version of each film tossed onto a blue-ray.    Please vote with your wallets and tell Lucas stop.
B005BGBPBG|1.0|This was one of the worst rom coms I've ever seen.  Kate Hudson's character was so one dimensional it made you wonder why they were best friends to be begin with. The whole concept of being in love with your best friend's fianc and then having an affair with him doesn't seems at all romantic to me. The lead male's character was so weak.  He really liked the female lead, but then dated the best friend for six years (or whatever the time frame was) huh? Who would want to be with someone like that?  I wish she would have ended up with John K. from The Office.  At least he had a personality.   It was utterly ridiculous and totally not relatable to me, but from the other reviews several seemed to love it.
030726999X|4.0|I am sorry that the series is over. Wished he had lived to write more.......I read slowly so that it would last....The third book was a bit more wordy....I prefer the action and the email dialogue...Nothing like revenge in books and movies....Rest in peace...
0439023513|4.0|This is the perfect summer reading (AKA guilty pleasure). I read this book in two sittings. It reminded me of Stephen King's \\"The Running Man\\" but had some fun plot twists that I didn't see coming. It's definitely thrilling and in the science fiction genre - and now they are making a movie! I can't wait.<br /><br />Next up - getting my hands on the next two books in the trilogy.
1466208686|5.0|I had the 4th edition of the book and will be getting the 5th edition soon. I have just started reading this book 2 or 3 months back and it has been helping me a lot to learn about the technical problems asked during interviews. As I am reading it more and more, I am getting more confident in being able to face those tough coding interviews. I am sure it is not long before I get all the way through one.
B001NHNG64|2.0|I have read many of Lee Childs books with great expectations to read many more of his books, however If this had been the first book I read of his I probably would not follow up bothering to read any more. I found the plot exciting but then it turned into a BORING spell of describing every arms (Guns) that he came into contact with. Frankly I thought this was far out and really who gives a hoot how fast the bullet leaves the gun, I will say that I have read many of his later books  which I would rate 4 or 5 stars    Bobby G.
B0046E825G|5.0|I love this book!! I actually re-ordered because I lent my original to a friend who has \\"misplaced\\" it and not returned it to me yet. I wanted to re-read it before Nov 18! I am almost done with it for the 3rd time and I am still finding things that I missed the first two times I read it! I have loved Vampire stories since \\"Interview With a Vampire\\", but I think the Twilight Series may be my fav! I am not a great fan of gory scary things, and this gives you a little bit of the \\"dark side\\" without grossing you out or causing nightmares. I'm an avid book reader and this series is on of the best ever written. It will be hard to top!!!
B004LROMSO|5.0|At first I thought Arthur was horribly miscast, as well as Gwendolyn, but by the second episode I was hooked and Arthur honestly grew on me. The music from this show is GORGEOUS, it's worth watching just for that. Also, the camera direction is fantastic. I got lost in the world of the series and swept up in the romance and really enjoyed the mix of mystery, magic, and sex. Eva Green is very dynamic- her Morgan La Fey is very interesting! I am a huge tv/film snob, but this goes under the \\"cheesy and flawed but love it\\" category (along with My Father the Hero, Medium, etc).
1932100660|1.0|First, I am no scientist nor am I a doctor.  I am just a mother concerned that this book will capture the imaginations of uneducated teens who think that they can lose weight and save the planet by not eating meat.  I read this book at the request of an 18-year-old newly professed vegan.  I was appalled!  Just as Ancel Keys \\"fudged\\" his research to prove his cholesterol theory (and Dr. Campbell confesses he was completely inspired by a talk from Ancel Keys; his other inspiration was Nathan Pritikin but he doesn't mention that Pritikin got leukemia and committed suicide) it seems that Campbell's book is the product of his agenda, not complete research.  He obviously has never been to Kenya to visit the Masai who live long and well on only milk, meat and blood with beautiful strong bones and teeth.  He doesn't mention the Eskimo with their native diets of saturated fats and omega 3 fatty acids from seafood who lived long and healthy until they were sent to boarding schools and ate the \\"western\\" diet, immediately suffering from all kinds diseases.  I could go on and on.  He also doesn't bother to mention that our bodies cannot dissolve cellulose and the resulting damage to the intestinal tract can make people very sick.  As far as the study of Chinese diets is concerned I cannot see where he proves the point that the most healthy eat a vegetarian diet.  His conclusions of the Framingham study seem to be at odds with the reality, and the disastrous food pyramid that he helped design has given us a huge jump in the obesity levels of the population who grew up on the low-fat, vegetable oil, carbohydrate-heavy diets recommended. What about the explosion of autism since these theories have been put into practice?  Could the brain possibly be starved for saturated fat? I really hope that clearer heads will prevail with these impressionable teens and that information on a saner more moderate diet will by forthcoming.
B001S86J1C|5.0|Please describe the audio and video quality of any Blu-Ray you review.  Thanks to those who do this.<br /><br />I am very pleased with both the audio and video quality of this Blu-Ray.  The video quality was great for a movie this old.  Although there was minor grain in some background scenes, detail was excellent.  I have seen this movie on DVD, and noticed a lot of detail I've never seen before.  The Dolby TrueHD 5.1 sounded great.  I didn't notice a lot of strong surround sound or sub-woofer bass, but it was more than adequate.<br /><br />This is a very good movie.
1589795474|5.0|The clear and direct connection between financial discipline and wealth creation couldn't be be better explained. The self-made millionaires studied here provide more than ample evidence that living modestly within and even a bit below ones means is a long term prescription for financial health and independence. The application to how we raise on children also provides a great example of taking responsibility for their welfare and personal self control so they too can achieve financial independence. The way they demonstrate how parents' indulgence of enabling a lifestyle for their children they themselves cannot afford leads away from financial independence rather than toward it is refreshing. One cannot miss the obvious parallel with the way our Federal government behaves and the consequential creation of the current \\"welfare state\\" and indebtedness we face as a country.    I have sent the book to my entire family. If there is a college course in family financial management, this should be required reading. Every member of congress should read it too.
B00006CXSS|5.0|A real man's kind of soap opera!  This brings the terror of WW2 home to the viewer, much the same way \\"Saving Private Ryan\\" did.  The cast did a great job which makes it a fine production.
B0054N73EY|5.0|After Stadium Arcadium i honestly thought it was impossible to put together a better collection of songs. There was not one bad track on Stadium Arcadium. With the loss of John Frusciante on guitar i really thought the group would lose a key part to there melody however i was very wrong. After buying I'm with you, I could tell they can still make great music. Josh Klinghoffer brings a perfect touch to the band. His guitar riffs don't over blow the melody however they fit each song perfectly and he leaves plenty of room for Flea to blow us away with his bass riffs. And Anthony Keidis can right lyrics better than he's ever been able to. My personal favorites on the album is Brendan's Death Song, Monarchy of Roses, Happiness Loves Company, and Dance Dance Dance. However every song continues to grow on me. If you loved Stadium Arcadium or any RHCP music BUY THIS ALBUM!
B000WGWQG8|4.0|Although it's a bit soap opera-ish, the backdrop of American history (and that of John Adams) makes it entertaining.  Good acting by the cast makes it a quality production.
B00532A8JI|1.0|If you want a run of the mill metal album, this is the album for you.     I bought it the day it was released in the US. I have yet to listen to it in its entirety. Every few days I give it a chance but I usually can't get through a whole song. Or maybe I do but I can't tell because the album could be nine songs with the same theme or nine themes in the same song. If not for the breaks between songs I couldn't tell where one begins and the next ends. But not in the good way like V, where each song is unique and beautiful yet they flow seamlessly together.     This album lacks majesty, it lacks imagination, and it lacks soul.
034552554X|4.0|At one point in Vanessa Diffenbaugh's compelling debut novel, her heroine, Victoria, struggles to learn the complicated intricacies of a manual film camera. The flower she chooses as the subject of her photographic experiments is a white rose. This might seem like an easy choice, or maybe one guided by aesthetics or popular preference. But anyone who flips to the back of THE LANGUAGE OF FLOWERS, where Diffenbaugh includes her own glossary of flower varieties and their meanings, will find this definition under Rose, White (Rosa): \\"A heart unacquainted with love.\\" There could not be a more fitting description for Victoria herself.    \\"Women, especially, will respond to this narrative on both an emotional, almost visceral, level and a literary one.\\"  To be fair, Victoria has not been entirely unacquainted with love; it's just that she's utterly unable to recognize its presence or possibilities, either in herself or in the people who surround her. When we first meet Victoria, she has just turned 18 and therefore aged out of foster care. Her brief stay in transitional housing is a disaster; she bides her time until she's evicted for failure to pay her rent, all the while building up a collection of plants and flowers that she transplants to a San Francisco park. This handmade garden is a place of solace for her throughout the novel, where she retreats when she finds herself repeatedly homeless or simply unable to trust the people and emotions she's meeting for the first time.    Victoria's gift for growing things does not go unnoticed; in fact, it lands her a part-time job at a florist, helping the shop owner, Renata, buy flowers and make wedding bouquets. Her natural aptitude for picking just the right flower for her customers has more to it than an eye for beauty, however. Victoria has an abiding belief in the symbolism of flowers, the \\"language\\" of flowers popular during the Victorian era.    In alternating chapters interspersed with scenes from Victoria's present, readers see where Victoria, then an angry and largely unlovable 10-year-old, first encountered this symbolic language. Finally placed with Elizabeth, a foster mother who seems ready and able to love her, Victoria can't quite let herself recognize love, even when it reaches out and seizes her. Elizabeth, though, is haunted by her own past demons, and their often volatile relationship has the potential to destroy itself --- and shape all of Victoria's future prospects of happiness.    Vanessa Diffenbaugh's novel offers many different models of motherhood, from Renata and Elizabeth's pseudo-maternity that looks an awful lot like the real thing, to Victoria's mother who abandoned her as an infant, to mothers who smother or panic or simply go insane. Women, especially, will respond to this narrative on both an emotional, almost visceral, level and a literary one. Her language is evocative without being flowery, and her characterization of Victoria, in particular, is gutsy --- it's daring to write a character you know not everyone will like.    Diffenbaugh herself is an experienced foster mother and the founder of an advocacy group devoted to the topic of foster care, and it's clear that THE LANGUAGE OF FLOWERS is written with certain social awareness goals in mind. It's unfortunate that, at times, Victoria's \\"foster kid\\" past --- whose details go largely unwritten --- is proffered unquestioningly as an excuse for nearly inexcusable behaviors. That being said, Diffenbaugh's portrayal of her main character is bold and compassionate, and, in the end, hopeful.    \\"I had loved, more than once,\\" Victoria finally recognizes near the book's close. \\"I just hadn't recognized the emotion for what it was until I had done everything within my power to destroy it.\\" Some may find certain elements of Victoria's happy ending unrealistic, but many more will embrace her journey as joyful, courageous and victorious, the kind of messages oregano, black poplar and spirea could say without words.    --- Reviewed by Norah Piehl
B005HI4LLY|5.0|The best Slasher comedy ever..<br />Tucker and Dale vs Evil has everything to make the formula work,great cast,one liners,blood and guts and a budget that allows for it to be executed correctly.<br />I thought it was hilarious and lacking nothing.If you're a slasher or a horror/comedy fan this is for you,the script is genius and I enjoyed every minute.See how two good ole boys who just want to go hang out at their 'vacation home' in the woods get mixed up in some of the funniest misunderstandings ever.
B005HV6Y5W|5.0|This film has certainly divided audiences. Nonetheless, for those who thought the film is worth owning like me, I thought I would put some up to date information about its release on here. 'The Tree of Life' is set to premiere exclusively in a blu ray/dvd combo set October 11th. I noticed amazon hasn't posted this update yet, so I thought it would be of interest to buyers. You will only be able to buy the film in the combo set. If you do not have a blu ray player, the bluray/dvd combo is the only way the film will be made available. Since the film is very much a sensory experience, it makes sense to view it in the best possible way, so if you haven't taken the jump to high definition yet, now might be a good time to do it. This is a bold move by the studio, but it's the information I got from today's press release on the film's home video release. Thank you!
0784010501|5.0|this is a great documentary of madonna on her blonde ambition tour.  this movie is great, live concert performances and everything we like about madonna  trashy slutty and racy scenes and its just classic!!  highly recommended
