6303979882|5.0|This movie didn't win any oscars or anything, but it is still the best movie i've ever seen.  I think, approximately, I have seen it about 20,000 times and I can recite all of the words by heart, but I still love watching this movie.  The entire movie is full of hilarious moments, like when the girls steal the Wormer's clothes, and when Chrissy gets pooped on by a passing bird.  Then there are the touching parts, like when Scott mumbles &quot;canikissyou&quot; or when the girls all make the pact that brings them together 20 years later.  Even if you are beyond adolecense, this movie is still wonderful, funny, and basically, the best movie I've ever seen!
B0000558LN|5.0|Coyote Ugly is the best movie I've ever seen. I'm 15 years old and so far it is my favorite movie ever! I loved it! I can really relate to it! Adam Garcia is SO HOT! I think Piper Perabo is a really good actress. I love the storyline. It's about a dream that many teenagers today have! It's awesome!
6304366078|5.0|I recently purchased this movie after reading an article with James Garner and past F1 champion Jacques Villeneuve about the movie.  I am hooked!  I've watched it twice already and I am still in awe of the driving action.  The racing on the old courses are great and provide an excellent back drop to the action on the road.<br />I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in F1.  I do believe that a movie like this could be made with the cars driven today.  It's too bad Sly Stalone was forced to make a movie about CART.  Who wants to see a bunch of guys drive around an oval track?
0385486804|5.0|Jon Krakauer's account of a young idealist's death is facinating, riveting and tragic.  Having hiked across the US and having spent a year in Alaska I know how unforgiving the land can be.  The story left me speechless, since I understood McCandless' intend all too well.  I finished the book easily in one day - it stirred a lot of emotion in me.  Krakauer is a good writer and an avid adventurer himself - which is something I respect - as I respect the choice made by Chris...
B00003W8NM|5.0|With a combination of exquisite talents ranging from Edward Norton (Primal Fear, Rounders), Brad Pitt (Seven, 12 Monkeys), and the great director David Fincher (Seven, The Game), you can't go wrong.  When a man stuck in a horrible job and a horrible life finally gives up what could happen.  Only Tyler Durden knows.  Edward Norton and Brad Pitt give spectacular performances in this dark comedy action thriller.  If you haven't seen this movie then you are missing one of the best movies of all time.  Check it out.
0553106635|5.0|How refreshing, a fantasy series that actually moves!  Perhaps what makes Martin's work so compelling is the heavy dose of reality he injects.  Characters change.  They surprise and disappoint you.  They frustrate you and reward you.  Best of all, you NEVER know which it will be!  The plot takes some surprising twists in this one, and Martin unfolds some startling revelations in the last chapter.  As far as the magic goes, you'll get more glimpses, but it's still restrained, which is also refreshing.  You need never worry that Martin will cop out and come up with some magical solution to an impossible predicament.  Characters are left to think things through, take risks, and make sacrifices to solve their problems/save their lives.  Great addition to a wonderful series!
B00004YW6I|4.0|It takes a while for the greatness of this album to sink in.  It's a pretty simple album, but what makes it work is the vocal performance of PJ Harvey (and also on one track of Thom Yorke).  The album is a lot of passion and power chords.  The first time I heard it, I loved it, then I went off it for a while, then I started listening to it again and realized it's a very good record.  Now that she's opening for U2 she might make some serious bucks which she deserves.
0684853523|4.0|I'm not a big Stephen King fan, but read this because I wanted to see what he had to say about writing.  I read the part about his accident first and then began at the beginning.<br />A lot of good advice which can be boiled down to write, don't just talk about doing it.  An understanding partner helps, too.<br />I tried to send him an e-mail on his web site yesterday and both times the computer froze.  Spooky, isn't it?
6305350205|1.0|Every criticism of Trek comes to life!  Bad plot, cheesy special effects, and a poor understanding of Trek characters.  Kind of makes you want to stay in your parents basement, huh?  Try and forget this one was made... and watch Wrath of Khan again instead!
6300214028|5.0|Anyone with some knowledge regarding the Russian Revolution can tell you John Reed's &quot;Ten Days that Shook the World&quot;, is likely slanted (primarily because of the enormous sum of money the Bolsheviks provided him whilst he was in Russia), and may or may not be historically accurate. But does Reed's facts detract from the quality of this movie? Of course not. First of all, the USSR collapsed almost a dozen years ago, and anything that Trotsky and Lenin would have considered their brand of Socialism died with them, so why do people still nag and moan about how this is &quot;Liberal Tripe (!?)&quot;. Who knows, and honestly, who could possibly care less. The amount of awards, the cast, and the remarkable location should be enough to garner a high rating. Presently, the amount of money to make a movie this excellent would probably surpass Titanic (to get Jack Nicholson, Warren Beatty, and Diane Keaton in the same film would undoubtedly top $100 million alone), so Reds is clearly one-of-a-kind. Where else will a person see a true-to-life reproduction of the Russian Revolution. <br />Firstly, there is the hope and enthusiasm which surrounded the original Revolution of March 1917, then, there is the initial enthusiasm for the Bolshevik Revolution, and the subsequent disappointment (because of their repression of dissent, and elimination of opposition parties). In addition, the obvious difference in methods and opinions between the Socialists within the US, and the more radical Socialists epitomized by John Reed, is quite stupendous (especially in this day and age, when the US propaganda machine has successfully associated all forms of Socialism to the Stalinist Bureaucracy). Perhaps the only gripe I have with this film is the disimilarity between the actors and the genuine historical figures. Warren Beatty looks absolutely nothing like John Reed, the actor who played Lenin looked absolutely nothing like the genuine Lenin, and the actor who played Zinoviev was ridiculous (last I checked, Zinoviev was a heavy breathing 220-pounder, not some svelte weakling!). Perhaps the only likeness was the actor who played Karl Radek (of course, finding a person who looks as deceitful as Radek isn't remarkably difficult!). Since the DVD apparently will not be released for quite some time, I would definitely recommend this terrific VHS, which in all probability is one of the ten greatest movies ever.
B00003CXFG|2.0|It might be a good alien rip-off, but why not just watch aliens?  The action and special effects are good, but the plot has so many holes... for example, what do these aliens eat over the years when there is sunlight?  Pretty massive population of these creatures when there are no other discernable sources of food except for the little glow bugs, who make a surprise appearance when the characters need them most.  And the night happens only once every ten years!  Why would these types of creatures evolve on a planet where they usually can't hunt?  Seems a little forced...
6300214028|5.0|Anyone with some knowledge regarding the Russian Revolution can tell you John Reed's &quot;Ten Days that Shook the World&quot;, is likely slanted(primarily because of the enormous some of money the Bolsheviks provided him whilst he was in Russia), and may or may not be historically accurate. But does Reed's facts detract from the quality of this movie? Of course not. <br />First of all, the USSR collapsed almost a dozen years ago, and anything that Trotsky and Lenin would have considered their brand of Socialism died with them, so why do people still nag and moan about how this is &quot;Liberal Tripe(!?)&quot;. Who knows, and honestly, who could possibly care less. The amount of awards, the cast, and the remarkable location should be enough to garner a high rating. Presently, the amount of money to make a movie this excellent would probably surpass Titanic(to get Jack Nicholson, Warren Beatty, and Diane Keaton in the same film would undoubtedly top $100 million alone), so Reds is clearly one-of-a-kind. Where else will a person see a true-to-life reproduction of the Russian Revolution. Firstly, there is the hope and enthusiasm which surrounded the original Revolution of March 1917, then, there is the initial enthusiasm for the Bolshevik Revolution, and the subsequent disappointment(because of their repression of dissent, and elimination of opposition parties). In addition, the obvious difference in methods and opinions between the Socialists within the US, and the more radical Socialists epitomized by John Reed, is quite stupendous(especially in this day and age, when the US propaganda machine has successfully associated all forms of Socialism to the Stalinist Bureaucracy). Perhaps the only gripe I have with this film is the disimilarity between the actors and the genuine historical figures. Warren Beatty looks absolutely nothing like John Reed, the actor who played Lenin looked absolutely nothing like the genuine Lenin, and the actor who played Trotsky was ridiculous. Perhaps the only likeness was the actor who played Karl Radek(of course, finding a person who looks as deceitful as Radek isn't remarkably difficult!). <br />Since the DVD apparently will not be released for quite some time, I would definitely recommend this terrific VHS, which in all probability is one of the ten greatest movies ever.
B00004XQ83|4.0|I just got out of the theatre, and must say that few soundtracks carry themselves in a movie as this one.  The songs fit the scenes and the Coen's loose adaptation of the Odyssey splendidly.  One can see Odysseus singing 'I am a Man of Constant Sorrow' to the Phaiakians or to the suitors while in disguise.  Overall, a great platform for some excellent roots and spiritual, supported by some of the best voices, such as Emmylou Harris and Gillian Welch.  See the Coen's latest endeavour, and buy this track.
B000056N8X|5.0|A friend of mine [got] the directors cut and I must admit it really rocks,it all makes more sense than in the theatrical run.Must people didnt like it because they turned the hero from the movies before this one into a darker and whiny Connor,and that he had less screen time.Well let me tell you that they turned Connor this way so he could be like a dark Ramirez,and this sequel is like an episode that continues the series last episode,Duncan thinking about his close ones,so its obvious why Adrian Paul is the principal here,but when Lambert appears he steals the show,basically why I try to say is,get the directors cut,sit back and enjoy.
B00004XONN|5.0|Maybe this is not radio-ready, but it is a masterpiece and should not apologize for being one.You simply must sit down and listen to the piece as a whole, not in parts. Headphones would be great to enhance and hear everything. There's nothing more to say than buy it and put it on!
0553269631|4.0|Four principal characters pursue their dreams consumed with frustration that they can't achieve them.  Mick Kelly is a 12-year-old musician who can't play anything but a radio.  Biff Brannon is an impotent romantic.  Jake Blount is a revolutionary who can't lead.  Mady Copeland is a civil rights leader who can't convince his own people to follow him.<br />All four of them find some comfort in sharing their dreams with John Singer, a deaf-mute, who befriends all of them between summer 1938 and summer 1939.  They only imagine that Mr. Singer understands them, of course; although he's a good enough lip reader to pick up some of what they tell him, on the whole all he does is nod and smile.  The depressing thought is that maybe that's as good as it gets - for any of us.  Anyway, with his death (though not as a direct result), the dreams of his friends all collapse.<br />People have complained that \\"The Heart is a Lonely Hunter\\" fails to offer any solutions to the problems it portrays, but sometimes a book doesn't need to offer an answer.  This work reminded me somewhat of \\"Grapes of Wrath\\" in that respect.  The characters are beautifully detailed, their problems range from comical to desperate, but there are ultimately no solutions.  Both books excel making their world very real, and the problems of the protagonists become your problems too.<br />There are no answers here, as there are none in \\"Grapes of Wrath,\\" but sometimes it's enough just to outline the problem clearly.  And one can take some comfort in the fact that our world is much improved over the one McCullers depicts, so there is hope.<br />On a side note, the modern reader is constantly surprised how little concern for safety they had in the 1930s.  Giving the baby a hard candy to quiet him down - or giving him a \\"good shake.\\"  Letting a 7-year-old play with a rifle.  Or letting a 12-year-old watch an infant unsupervised.  Another surprise is that the injustice of Jim Crow figures so prominently in a pre-World War II book; I had assumed the Civil Rights movement dated from after the war.ld War II book; I had assumed the Civil Rights movement dated from after the war.
B000000Y27|4.0|I enjoy the music on this CD.  Mr Wes Montgomery has a reputation for smooth delivery and unorthodox melodies.  He also popularized the use of octaves in Jazz Guitar.  The band is absolutely the tightest I have heard.  As Mr Iggy Pop said about the brothers in his own band, &quot;you don't get that kind of lock without blood.&quot; Mrrs Albert and Percy Heath deliver the goods.  Mr Tommy Flanagan is great and helps to keep MR WALKER lively.  Mr Montgomery shows a great deal of range from exciting soloing in AIREGIN to a mellower POLKA DOTS. Both of these display Mr Montgomery's characteristic use of octaves.   My favourite is GONE w/ the WIND because I feel it features the strongest play from the band.   Although I am impressed with his smooth delivery, I am disappointed by his technical skill.  AIREGIN features fingering which stumbles, and a rather weak sense of rhythm in his melodic solos.  POLKA DOTS has some notes which buzz.  I still enjoy the music on this CD immensely, and I honestly cannot think of a better Jazz Guitarist from that era.  If you are interested in great Jazz music, this CD will be interesting to you.
B000056N8X|1.0|It would be easy to trash this movie as a non-fan of the series. One could speak about the paper thin plot, the cheesy dialogue, or the less-than-special effects. However, I am a fan of the movies (1 &amp; 3), and a bigger fan of the television series with Adrian Paul (owning Seasons 1-5 on VHS). So, although I will still trash this film, let me do so from a fan's point of view.<br />To me, this was a terrible &quot;ending&quot; to the show. The scenes between Connor and Duncan seemed horribly forced, and the chemistry between the two almost non-existant. The storyline with the Watchers was ridiculous, and even as a fan, you had to really suspend your disbelief to swallow the enourmously large pill the script presented.<br />The worst part was this: an action movie, regardless of anything else, is only as good as the villian the heroes must defeat. And the villian in this movie was less than stellar. He was so over the top and corny, I found myself laughing with pity instead of shivering with fear.<br />Do yourself a favor and watch two episodes of the TV show. I guarantee you that you will enjoy yourself more, as 90% of the shows were head and shoulders above this tripe. If you do see it, prepare yourself for the worst, and perhaps you'll be presently surprised.<br />I sincerely doubt it.
6303365752|5.0|Sybervison presents the skiers (Husted &amp; Ryman) perfect turns from all angles, in slow motion and reverse photography so the viewer can see how all body parts work together in linking short and medium radius turns on moderate, steep, mogul and crud conditions. The Killy and Black Diamod tapes are both excellent. Even though the tapes were made 15 years ago the form is timeless. Watch this video several times a week during the ski season to implant the image of perfect turns in your head. Ski and watch again. You will improve. Add to this video Ellen Post Fosters Skiing and the Art of Carving which describes the subtle differences with the new shaped Skis to make your collection of ski training videos complete. If you are just starting to ski start with the Sybervison Fundamental tape which is done much the same way as the more advanced Killy and Black Diamond tapes. It starts with walking, gliding and wedge turns and moves into parrallel skiing. Addressing one of the comments below. It does not provide instructions on riding lifts.
0790731002|1.0|Joel Schumacher (worst director on earth) took the reigns of the Batman franchise and managed to do a pretty good job totally destroying it. First of all the story is pretty bad, in the first movie (Batman 1989) we see in a flashback that Jack &quot;The Joker&quot; Napier kills Bruce Wayne's parents and then in this movie we see how Harvey &quot;Two-Face&quot; Dent kills his parents. Wasn't Two-Face supposed to be a friend of Batman's, according to what had been published by Bob Kane (creator of Batman)?? Didn't this Schumacher read a couple of comics or at least seen a couple of the episodes from the animated series before doing this movie?? The direction is pretty bad. Val Kilmer is not as good as Michael Keaton but does an ok job, even thought I know that there will never be another Batman better than Keaton. The bat-mobile is horrible with that thing sticking out from the top and all of those blue stripes (even worst on Batman &amp; Robin). Jim Carrey and Tommy Lee Jones do the best they can with that terrible script, I admit that I laughed a couple of times thanks to Jim but still this movie sucks. The presence of Robin was so expected and kinda failed, is that it should have been focused on a darker tone the whole movie, in my opinion.               <br />After the great work that Tim Burton, Michael Keaton and Danny Elfman had accomplished by the second movie this guy totally destroys it.<br />I hope those guys over at WB put on moratorium or something the movies that Schumacher made and make totally new movies with Tim Burton directing and Michael Keaton with his black suit.<br />Batman= 4/5 Batman Returns= 5/5 Batman Forever= 1/5 Batman &amp; Robin= 1/5
B00004ZAV3|5.0|It is amazing that it has taken over 30 years for the music industry to collect all the Beatles number one hits into one CD or LP.  Finally, it has been achieved and to no suprize it is an international hit.  It shows that classic and brilliant song writing and musicianship will always stand the test of time.<br />Each and everysong on here is outstanding and when you listen to them it is easy to see why from &quot;Love Me Do&quot; the Beatles first popular hit to their last &quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot; each and every song in between is a musical journey that shows how the fab four started off as those &quot;mop tops&quot; from Liverpool to the excellent studio musicians they became.  Almost every rock and roll fan knows the Beatles songs by heart and so to state the brilliance of each one is mundane since fans and musical critics have praised their influence on rock and roll for over 30 years. VH1 musician and listners poll rated them as #1 and that affirms their influence to the world<br />John, Paul, George and Ringo, your message has withstood the test of time and the world is thankful for it and for each of you.
B00000I41J|5.0|This relaxed blowing session is absolute ecstasy to listen to. Cannonball, with his admitted heavy debt to Parker, plays nonetheless with his own fire and his unique articulation and bluesy licks. Miles is also in top form, with tasteful soloing throughout, all while being backed up by a very capable rhythm section (Including Art Blakey and Hank Jones). This is a great CD, and the remaster's audio quality makes it even more worthwhile. A must have for any jazz aficianado, and an absolute necessity for any sax player serious about the craft.
6303109950|5.0|This was one of the best western movies I have ever seen. This movie had above all outstanding actors. Kurt Russell.Sam Elliott, and Powers Boothe were very good in theor roles. The real show stealer in this movie was Val Kilmer playing in the role of the legendary Doc Holliday. This movies details Wyatt Earp's attempt to retire. It falls short when some bad guys hit the scene. Earp along with his gang take action to stop the forces of evil.The showdown between Johnny Ringo and Doc Holliday is exceptional. Of course the big confrontation happens at the O.K. Corral. This is without question an outstanding movie. See it, you will not be dissapointed. Like it has already been said,a cult classic.
0679879269|5.0|The His Dark Materials series is the best book series I have ever read. The characters in this series are so deep and Philip Pullman seems to bring them to life right before your very eyes. When I read the series for the first time, I felt the characters happiness and pain. I also liked the idea of dæmons. It would be interesting to have a dæmon of your very own to follow you and talk to you during the day. I also liked the ending. It made me cry, yet it also made me try to enjoy everyday to the fullest and be kind to everyone around me.<br />Though I respect the thoughts and opinions of other people, I don't understand why some people dislike this book. Some people believe that it is telling people to be against the Christian church and that there is no God. Well, in my opinion, this book is just fiction and it is not real. It was made up in Philip Pullman's imagination and written as a fictional book so the entire world can read it for entertainment. It isn't true and shouldn't be taken too seriously. But some people don't think that it is good for young adults because of its &quot;anti-God&quot; theme. Well, I think that it is just a book and I read it for entertainment not for turning against God. That's what novels are for. They open the gateways to our imagination!<br />Well, I hope that my review persuaded you to read the series! You won't regret it!
B00003CXCS|4.0|I bought this DVD the other day thinking that I would finally have in my possession my favorite childhood musical. While that wish partially came true, I must alert buyers that this DVD, while no doubt excellent, is not the classic that its being touted as. I, for one, am waiting for a more definitive version of the DVD to come out.<br />The main problem with this is that the movie here is available ONLY on widescreen. While this is much preferred to certain audiences, I would much rather have the option of watching it on full-screen. I found myself squinting at the screen on occasion (and I have a large television, mind you) just to catch the details. Disc One was a complete letdown due to this. Also, and I'm not the first to say this, the color transfer is wretched. One would think that for this price you'd get an impeccable transfer, and this version leaves much to be desired.<br />Disc Two is the real scene stealer. The easily navigable and user friendly format is appreciated, as is the 87 minute long documentary. Luckily the documentary has some scenes of the movie presented in full-screen, so that was a relief.<br />All in all, this version of the DVD is not entirely satisfactory. In fact, after watching the movie on widescreen, I actually wondered if I should have bought this on VHS. And that really speaks volumes for the qaulity of this Disc. I fail to understand the multitude of reviewers who have heaped praise upon these two discs. To love the movie is one thing, but I do not believe that they love the way its been reproduced here. Highly disappointing, and not really recommended to DVD lovers who know their digital discs.
B00003CXE7|5.0|If you love the movie 'Braveheart', you are almost guaranteed to love 'Gladiator' also.  These are big budget, quality movies containing some of the most beautiful musical scores as well.  Definitely one word of caution : both of these movies portray extremely brutal and violent fights/warfare.
B000056VIY|4.0|I have to admit I bought this CD on an impulse. I didn't really have any feelings towards the 1st single 'Love Don't Cost A Thing' when I first heard it on the radio, but I fell in love with the CD when I did a listen-thru at HMV. I felt that On the 6 was mediocre, bogged down by too many ballads. Happily, I can report that J.Lo is much better than Jennifer's previous effort.<br />The first thing I noted about the album was the very low amount of slow songs. Virtually all the songs can be danced to. This is definitely a good thing as La Lopez' admittedly thin vocals tended to annoy on the ballads from On the 6. Sadly though, there is no frenetically fun track a la 'Let's Get Loud' on J.Lo<br />Here's a track-by-track run-down of the album:<br />1)Love Don't Cost a Thing - You've all heard it... Form your own opinion. <br />2)I'm Real - A nice standard dance-pop song. Pleasant and inoffensive, if a bit predictable.<br />3)Play - The future 2nd single and one of the best songs on the album. Great techno beat and totally danceable to. Vaguely reminiscent of Madonna's 'Music' while maintaining it's originality. Ms Lopez even swears here! :)<br />4)Walking on Sunshine - Another techno-y track. Pretty good too. Great use of samples and audio effects. <br />5)Ain't It Funny - A track full of Latino flavour. Sounds like a Spanish ballad updated for the new millennium. VERY catchy chorus.<br />6)Carino - When I first heard this song, I immediately thought of Ms Lopez singing on a stage above a dancefloor, with backup singers and band behind her, while couples tango away below. Another wonderfully Latino track.<br />7)Come Over - The first slow song. A bit too boring and the lyrics are pretty inane. A disappointment. Sounds like a Toni Braxton reject.<br />8)We Gotta Talk - This really reminds me of a Destiny's Child song, 'Hey Ladies'. Good but not incredible. <br />9)That's Not Me - My favourite track on the album. Pulsating insistent beats mesmerize you while the chorus isTOTALLY catchy. Wonderful blend of slow and uptempo elements. Must be the magic touch of Kandi. <br />10)Dance With Me - Not a cover of the Debelah Morgan song, it's a pretty forgettable standard R&amp;B song. Nice use of trumpet(I think) blats tho. <br />11)Secretly - Another slow song. REALLY slow and thus not my cup of tea. At least Jennifer's voice is pretty pleasant here.<br />12)I'm Gonna Be Alright - Another track with a great chorus. Quite good on the whole. <br />13)That's the Way - Eh... Bland stuff, despite being produced by Rodney Jerkins. And Jennifer's voice is slightly whiny here. <br />14)Dame (Touch Me) - A duet with Chayanne. Obviously very Latin. This is another of my favourite tracks. Chayanne does sound scarily like an old woman on this track though. Also produced by Jerkins, despite sounding nothing like something he would produce.<br />15)Si Ya Se Acabo - Another Latin track, obviously. And it's also pretty good. Reminds me of a slower, Latin-flavoured 'Waiting for Tonight'.<br />On the whole, J.Lo is great, but falls short of perfection. Jennifer Lopez, or rather her producers, has made a album that showcases her ability to make a fun, catchy song and downplays her vocal weaknesses. In an interview, Jennifer claimed to have made J.Lo an album directed 'at the hips' and in this instance, she has succeeded wonderfully. Take a bow, Miss Lopez.
B0000013GT|5.0|from the moment i first put this disc on, it has been getting better and better.  this album never ceases to stop grooving, and is so smooth you can play it at anytime and feel satisfied. it will groove a paryt, as well as rock you to sleep. i have a relatively large music collection, most of which is rock or pop. this cd has quickly taken its place at the top of my list of favorites, and has inspired my quest for the feelin' fine funk that is hip hop music.  outkast truly stands apart from other mainstream hip hop artists, and should be seen as true visionaries of the art form.  they find ways to speak their minds with eloquence and taste set in body moving synchronicity. everything about this album is wonderful, and you should buy it now.  whatever else you were thinking about buying, buy this instead.  this album is truly a classic.
0800103661|4.0|I've seen 'Gattaca' twice, and each time been more moved by it. Its strength is in the simplicity of its premise, and its subtle suggestion of a future at only a slight remove from our own. The acting is low-key, and the emotional tenor of the film is highly controlled, so a lot of the emotion the story makes us feel is internalized --- we feel Vincent's frustration at the glass ceiling dashing his hopes and ambitions, as well as the fabulous Jude Law's guilt and self-recrimination for having had everything going for him, yet failing to achieve. The musical score heightens the story, and lends it a haunting sense of deep sadness at the state to which the world has succombed. There are no special effects --- there is only the here and now, and this movie seems to have timeless things to say about the individual's refusal to be boxed in, and the impossibility of predicting human fate and destiny. The particularities of this future universe keep the focus small, in order to open up a wider, limitless realm of human emotion. 'Gattaca' is a minor gem, an overlooked classic.
B000002LAB|3.0|this is certenly not one of the best alboums of miles davis. however, interesting expiriance is excpecting those of you who will choose to try to listen.  This is not a 'clasic' jazz. it is very 'technical' and 'cold' one. very modern you may say. try to listen to 'splatch' or to 'portia' to get the idea.
6300214400|4.0|Star Trek III is the exception to the general rule that the &quot;odd-numbered&quot; Star Trek films are the weak entries in the series.  It is ably directed by Leonard Nimoy, in his first directoral effort, and features some excellent performances from a strong cast.<br />&quot;The Search for Spock&quot; is part of a loose trilogy that begins with Star Trek II.  Like the earlier film, it builds on the character relationships established in the television series.  At the end of Star Trek II, Spock apparently sacrificed his life to save the Enterprise, and his body was sent down to the surface of the newly created Genesis planet.  But it develops that Vulcans like Spock have a &quot;katra,&quot; a sort of spiritual and intellectual essence, and Spock managed to infuse his into Dr. McCoy before he died.  So Kirk and McCoy have to hijack the Enterprise to return to the Genesis planet (with the aid of Scotty, Sulu and Chekov).  Meanwhile, back at that very planet, Kirk's son David and Lt. Saavik (Robin Curtis, the one weak link in the cast) have found a living Vulcan child.  And lurking somewhere out in subspace is an ambitious Klingon (Christopher Lloyd), who is surely up to no good (trust me, this all works better on film than it sounds in print).<br />Nimoy directs ably from a script by Harve Bennett.  William Shatner turns in his usual solid job as Kirk, while Lloyd is well cast as his antagonist.  With Spock not a presence on screen, other cast members get more of a chance to shine--Nichelle Nichols as Uhura (&quot;You want adventure?&quot;) and George Takei as Sulu (&quot;Don't call me Tiny&quot;) have marvelous moments.  Most important, given Dr. McCoy's central role in the plot, DeForest Kelley gives his finest performance in any of the Star Trek films, if not his entire career.
0780020685|5.0|'Seven Samurai'  does dare to weave character and plot into its extended running time, but that didn't stop my seven-year-old from getting completely wrapped up in the conflict, and while he now has plenty of online and video games when he wants pure action, he still gets excited watching 'SS' in its razor-sharp DVD version. He, at least, doesn't need computer graphics or color when there's a gripping, human story, wonderful performances, and bravura direction.<br />We're forced to conclude that Freddie's biggest fan in Seattle probably shouldn't confuse video games from real movies -- better  to hang out at GameWorks than to risk disappointment at the mulitplex.  BTW, Game Boy, the samurai code is from Japan, not mainland China, and the same applies to the movie and its director, the late visionary Akira Kurosawa.
6301963911|5.0|The first time I ever watched »Annie Hall« was when I was a teenager. It was shown on television - and I thought that Woody Allen guy isn't he one of those whose films 'you should see'. So I did.<br />And I was impressed! Allen's very way of acting, his tragic-comically philosophical character, is so frustratingly realistic. And at the same time he manages to write characters and direct in such a way that you have to laugh! About the realism of it all! Because it is all about the small things in life, though in this case put into an academicized environment.<br />»Annie Hall« remains the best of all Woody Allen's genius movies. A must-see for anyone who's interested in movies!
0060930349|5.0|This is one fun history book!  Focusing on people, it covers a vast scope without every losing the common threads that hold it together.  Filled with amusing anecdotes used to illustrate the character of the man or womas as well as the times, it quickly takes you through its many pages.  Provacative, in that the author makes no claims to being anything but opinionated, and it will therefore strike some as &quot;wrong, wrong, wrong!&quot; and others as &quot;right on!&quot;  Even where I disagree with conclusions drawn (I do think FDR deserves a bit more of a break here...) I find the syle and the presentation excellent.  The overall admiration of the &quot;American Way&quot; displayed by the author rings a bell with this particular unabashed capitalist!
B000002534|4.0|This 1974 release is an excellent Santana album and a truly diverse collection of songs (and one of my personal favorites). The styles vary and the musicianship is great. I think R&amp;B fans with an interest in 70s Latin music would do well to buy this one. Leon Patillo has such a soulful voice and as usual the percussion is first class. The music is quite complex, yet accessible. I wonder how come the kids of today are not appreciating more fully the rich musical structures from the 70s as opposed to more superficial offerings of today. I mean the grooves are there, it slams, and if I'm not mistaken, the album was quite popular when it was released......and h Frenchy Home Boyz: le disque est formidable, je vous conseille de l'acheter le plutt possible, surtout les percussionistes.
B000051ZST|3.0|Although the humor is mostly sophmoric, I found the movie fairly enjoyable to watch.  Tom Green is certainly the funniest part of the movie, but he is only in about half of the scenes.  The four guys on the road trip are completely boring, except for the various misadventures of the &quot;skinny&quot; kid and the &quot;milking&quot; scene with the nurse. If you watch the movie with realistic expectations you will have a good laugh. It is a decent &quot;soft comedy&quot;. It deserves 3-1/2 stars but amazon does not allow, so 3 it is.
B00003CXDV|4.0|Sigorney Weaver sure had a makeover to make this flick. It's the only movie she's in when I can't take my eyes off her. They should make an R rated part II and have her fall out of her top!
B00000GV55|4.0|Not without justification, Henry Cow have been called the least accessible of all 70s rock groups.  I was at secondary school in the early 70s, and many of us tried to show our individuality through the music that we bought and listened to.  I thought I was being fairly individual by listening to the likes of Magma, but there was always a small coterie of boys for whom nothing was too obscure or too difficult.  For them, Henry Cow was the ultimate destination of their search.<br />The seeds of Henry Cow were sown, mid-Tripos, at Cambridge University in 1968, when Hodgkinson met Frith.  They owe a huge debt to Mike Oldfield, because it was the success of TUBULAR BELLS, the first-ever Virgin release, that persuaded Richard Branson that his label could be an 'incubator' for all sorts of obscure bands and musicians.  &quot;Go and find me the makers of all the most difficult music who don't have a recording contract,&quot; he might have said to a band of A&amp;R people, who swiftly returned with the likes of Kevin Coyne, Ivor Cutler and Henry Cow.<br />I kinda like this album, although it's not always my No. 1 choice for in-car entertainment.  I have the 1991 East Side Digital version, which is probably not the Original Mix.  To be frank, it sounds like it was recorded in a village hall, with the mikes some distance from the drums in particular.  It doesn't matter.  It's a great album, which owes a minor debt to Zappa's HOT RATS.  And on the subject of one band's influence on another, I wouldn't be surprised to learn that even Genesis listened to LEGEND before they recorded the improvisational track on LAMB LIES DOWN in 1974.
B00004U8P9|5.0|A true cult classic, bringing this movie to DVD was long overdue, but well worth the wait. Some of the best features I've seen yet in terms of DVD menus, and a whole second disk with outtakes and the like make this a must have for any true RHPS collector. Plus, there's nothing like having someone to yell along with you at home, when no one else knows the lines!
B00002ZMNV|5.0|I bought the cd of S&amp;M the 2nd week it came out (November 99) and I was really surprised on how well the orchestra and metallica mixed.  The DVD version comes on 2 discs just like the album did, the first hour of the show on the first disc along with the documentary and then the last hour on the second with 2 versions of No leaf clover.  The sound is good in both 5.1 and surround, and the video is awesome, especially the multi-camera angles where you can just have it fixed on one of the band members.  My favorite song is One and 2nd is Outlaw torn but they are all good songs.  Get this even if you have the album, there are so many cool things about this dvd.  I have all of the Metallica albums from Kill to S&amp;M and I feel that for the people who don't have any of the previous albums to get this as well because it is like a greatest hits dvd with 2 new songs.
B0000009OP|5.0|I hope that &quot;someday they'll find a cure for pain&quot; but in the meantime you'll have to settle for this record which by the way is damn good! Morphine are NOT the quintessential rock band. Why? well, instead of using the usual triumvirate guitar-drums-bass guitar they opt for a more uncanny instrumentation: drums-bass and saxophone. The result is so good that it has to be heard to be believed. There are uptempo, jazzy tunes (like Buena) and bluesy melancholy numbers (such as the title song). I don't know if their other albums are at least nearly as good but this is one of my fav records for the '90s (Along with the likes of Don Caballero, Arab Strap, Tortoise, etc...)
B0000041LL|5.0|This recording was recommended in the NPR Guide to Classical Music, which has been a little spotty at times.  I was absolutely wowed by this title, though.<br />The recordings are rich and personal and communicate all of the wonderful closeness and intensity of chamber pieces.  The body of work represented here is large--it takes a long time to listen to them all.  I was astonished at the consistency of the performances, of their ability to show the progression of Beethoven's work against a common style and approach.<br />When I first received this gift, I put the first 5 disks in my CD changer and stretched out on the hardwood floors in the sun and just listened to the music reverberate all around me.  The effect was magical.
B00000G3I2|3.0|Like a previous reviewer, I don't find any fault with the movie... I saw it in the theatre when it came out and I've seen it dozens of times since. I can recite dialogue. I know which song goes with which scene. I own the published version of the screenplay, and when I was in college, my university library actually had a copy with the deleted flashback scene still in it.<br />So you can imagine how excited I was when my husband gave me a DVD player for my birthday... the second DVD I ever bought was this one. Sat down, put it in, watched the whole film first, loved it all over again, and then headed for the special features to finally be able to see the flashback. Was I ever disappointed. The deleted scenes that were available were okay to see, but I felt a little gypped (and yes, by the &quot;trailer&quot; being for &quot;Silverado&quot; instead of &quot;Chill&quot; also). So, buyer beware! This is not all it's cracked up to be.
B0000060NF|5.0|From its famous opening track to the ghostly ending of &quot;Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holler),&quot; this record has you grabbed by the soul.  I didn't actually enjoy the album all that much when I first bought it.  What first amazed me were the great bass parts, string arrangements, and all of the well-organized instrumental work.  Marvin's angelic voice often intertwines with itself throughout the songs.  The songs grew on me, and soon enough the album easily put me at peace.  It's worth it to buy this record whoever you are.  Here's living proof that a 13-year old Caucasian enjoys this beautiful work.  Marvin sings for all of the times.  Even today, we wonder- what is going on?
B00004XONN|4.0|After the first listen, I was disappointed - where had the Radiohead of OK Computer gone.  But after a few more, I was astounded at how good this CD is!  My advice - keep listening.
B000002H72|5.0|There are hundreds of records here at Amazon.com labelled as &quot;essential&quot; but hardly half of them deserve that status. Well, Doolittle is one of them! Frank Black is a true genius, we would all be poorer without his demented lyrics and rambles about monkeys going to heaven and hip-shaking cinderellas... Musically, the Pixies are as furious as a punk band, only they are catchy beyond belief too! Basically they craft melodic (but schizophrenic) tunes that resist categorization: they are too clever to be just punk but also too racous to be pop. Well I guess that they made alternative rock in a time when the term still had a meaning...
0451169514|5.0|STephen King takes over the small town of Derry. He cordones off sanity for the duration of a few kids innocence.  Trial strikes in the form of evil incarnate. The plot of it is one of King's best.  He sculpts good v evil every time with the perfect clay.  It is hard to withstand the draw of voyerism to see into the post innocent, for the most part, post Derry chapter of these kids' (now adults)lives.  This book is SCARY.  Forget what you've heard and forget what you've seen edited on the Superstation.  IT is a pants-wetter.  In the depth of night, reading with just a singular light in the house, you will shiver, and inevitably you will have to take a restroom break.  My suggestion to you is bring a ward of evil along.  Be wary when you lift the toilet seat. Boo, a real frightfest.
0671034065|5.0|I honestly feel like this is Linda's best book.  Her characters are so real (the drunk scenes, the attempts to quit cussing, and the love scenes).  And the killer!  Whew--what a twist, I didn't see that one coming... I have enjoyed almost all of Linda's books (An Independent Wife being the notable exception) and can say without a doubt that this books tops them all!
B000002W5J|3.0|This album is really a relic of the era, if you are a fan of sixties psychedelic music you will enjoy it. Casual fans will doubtless find the hippy excesses off putting. Though the album contains mega hits `White Rabbit' and `Somebody To Love' most of the rest of the album is unexceptional. All but die-hards can stick to the comps.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I know Limp Bizkit isn't real rock it is more hip hop then rock.  But I listen to rock like metallica and Ramstein and Limp Bizkit is just as good, it's just in a different catagory.  People that say this CD sux and don't even listen to the music don't deserve to have their vote heard.  They are stupid for even writing their opinion.  This CD is probably Limp Bizkits best yet.
6302800420|5.0|One of the other reviewers here comments that &quot;Tootsie&quot; is a movie that doesn't get much notice anymore. I don't know if that's true or not, but if it is true, it's a real tragedy. In my opinion, this is one of the best comedies ever made. It's somewhere between the blatant slapstick of &quot;The Great Race&quot; and the witty sophistication of &quot;The Pink Panther&quot;, and it doesn't have a car chase in it, but this movie is nonstop funny from beginning to end. There is humor in just about every scene, and funny lines abound. Dustin Hoffman, one of the best actors of his generation, gives one of his best peformances as a tempermental actor who can't get a job and secretly tries out for a female role on a big daytime soap opera in drag. Of course, he gets the part and becomes enormously popular, largely because he refuses to put up with the crap that other actresses put up with. Not only is Hoffman excellent, but the rest of the cast is also outstanding. Jessica Lange got a best supporting actress oscar. The oscar for best picture should have landed here, as well. If you've never seen this one, do yourself a favor -- get a copy and watch it. If you haven't seen it in years, get a copy and watch it again. Either way, you won't be sorry. This is one Hollywood's best comedies.
B00003CXDB|4.0|WALL STREET has always been one of my favourite Oliver Stone films. it crackles with the same intense, acerbic dialogue as SWEET SMELL OF SUCCESS. from his &quot;Greed is good&quot; speech to the way he handles day to day deals with ruthless efficiency, you can see how Michael Douglas nailed this role of the ultimate amoral insider and deservedly won the Oscar that year for Best Actor.<br />after watching this film on a crappy pan and scam VHS tape, it is so gratifying to finally see this film given a proper DVD treatment. the transfer is crisp and clear with good sound but the real selling points are the fascinating documentary -- which features Douglas and Charlie Sheen and their views and thoughts of the film after all this time -- and Stone's informative and candid audio commentary. for someone like myself who has seen this film a zillion times, listening to Stone's observations on his movie was a real treat. great stuff. along with GLENGARRY GLEN ROSS, this is one of THE best films about money, greed and the people who ruthlessly pursue it.
0553277472|5.0|What can I say one of the smartest things Ive ever done was reading this book,its chock full of insights and philosophy of why late 20th century living is the way it is.I was mesmorized from beginning to end. To those who have already read this book Lila,an inquiry into morals is also a similiar book from this author that is also great.
B00003CXE7|3.0|Sorry to go against the flow but I found this movie too long and too predictable and Russell Crowe's acting was wooden at best. Of course there is lots of action and I have to say I felt a bit like the citizens of Rome in the movie, every effect and situation was thrown at me in an effort to entertain. I wont be adding this to my collection
6305558175|5.0|After reading some of the other revues I just had to put my two cents worth in.  First of all Sommersby is a wonderful post Civil War film.  Is it historically accurate?  Probably not, but the era it was filmed in was very well protrayed with the costumes, the sets, the props...all were very real.  Jodie Foster and Richard Gere portrayed their characters well.  Jodie Foster playing a softer role until her character was needed to be strong was very appealing.  Richard Gere, as always, protrayed the HUNK very well.  This is a good movie to watch when there is nothing else on TV or Cable or Satalite.   Try it...you'll like it!
0790734591|4.0|the action film is carried to a rather intriguing extreme with THE LAST BOY SCOUT, a movie that pushes the world-weary detective stereotype to new, surreal levels. Joe Hallenbeck (Bruce Willis), is a shamus hired by his best friend to protect a stripper who is subsequently killed. her washed-up football playing boyfriend (Damon Wayans) hooks up with Joe to find out whodunit and why. Willis' performance and Black's screenplay combine to produce a portrait of a guy who is so down and out that our first glimpse of him is a shot of him passed out in his own car while being harassed by snotty neighbourhood kids. throughout the whole film, Willis delivers deadpanned one-liners while constantly getting the crap kicked out him. BOY SCOUT is a guilty pleasure. it is mindless, formulaic, and particularly hateful towards women (and men as well) in spots with an uncompromisingly un-PC attitude that is very unusual in this day and age... and very funny. action films don't get any nastier than this one.
B0000024ZT|5.0|This CD presents a young and interesting Bruce Springsteen, performing songs with an early version of the E Street Band. Despite the fact that The Wild, The Innocent...would be released later that year, this album is very different than that album.  This album has more Dylan-esque tendencies than that release, revealed on songs like &quot;Does This Bus Stop At 82nd Street?,&quot; &quot;Mary, Queen of Arkansas,&quot; and &quot;Growin' Up.&quot;  These songs, more acoustic in nature than later Springsteen (except Nebraska and Tom Joad), are a welcome change of pace from later, rock oriented Springsteen.  Along with those two tunes, this album also includes the fabulous(to say the least) rocker &quot;For You&quot; and the moody &quot;Spirit In The Night,&quot; a radio favorite. Although many casual fans consider &quot;Spirit In The Night&quot; to be the pinnacle of early Springsteen, it is not even the best song on the album, as it is easily rivaled by &quot;It's Hard To Be A Saint In the City,&quot; &quot;Lost In The Flood,&quot; and &quot;For You.&quot;  &quot;Blinded By The Light,&quot; the opening number, has a great funky feel to it, with some interesting, stream-of-conciousness-lyrics. Even the oft-forgotten &quot;Mary...&quot; has some great, sensitive lyrics. While not as good as his next release, this album is a definite buy for any Springsteen fan or even a Dylan fan looking for some new tunes.
0060975768|5.0|As someone new to the genre of true life war books this was a real eye opener to me. Like a lot of people from my generation I was convinced by Hollywood that the Vietnam war was lost by America. While it may be true that the war as a whole was a failure it is plain from this book that the individual battles were a victory for the U.S. almost every time if you count in enemies killed. The accounts of heroism are awe inspiring I knew some Vietnam vets growing up and after reading this book I have gained a greater respect for what they did and the heros they are. A great book I absolutly reccomend.
B00004TD1G|5.0|An excelent album to begin with, and the bonus track makes it that much better. Buy this one if you love music, buy it if you have a love of old fashioned punk, buy it if you breath...
B00004SCX6|4.0|This CD Kicks... But i like the First album better. Well , anyways  Lets talk about this album. Okie Okie. Ill start it from here: 1) oops!..I Did it Again= I would say it's a really really good song i think it's the best on the album. 2) Stronger = SUPER!!!! But It really makes you feel that you Don't need you EX anymore, But this song KICKSS.... 3) Dont go knockin on my door= Well, Its a Okie kinda song 4) I cant get no satisfaction= is a good song but when she sang it at the VMA's She Rocked!!!!!But overall its a really good song. % Dont let me be the last to know= its a good fair song but sometimes can make you cry.In a way.5) what you see is what you get = its a fiar song But it doesn't have the good qualities that stronger and oops!... i did it again Has. 7) lucky is a good song has a nice melody to it 8) one kiss from you= is more of a girly song.9)where are you now is a really sad song but really good. 10) can't make you love me = Its fair 11) when your eyes say it= Its a little like Where are you now but its not sad. But a really good song. 12) Dear Diary= a short song but a little girly song but has a good melody to it. So over all You should go and get it cause it is one of her mature kicks... album.well , what are you waiting for go get it already.
B000051VWW|5.0|Sade if you're reading this, right on baby, this album is soooooo good.  Please email if you're ever in need of a keyboardist or run short of new material.   Sade is smmmokin! Put on this CD and leave it all behind (by your lonesome or with your lover).
0783225849|5.0|Throughout his long and illustrious career, director Alfred Hitchcock thrilled and captivated audiences everywhere, but never before or since as well as he did with the psychological chiller, \\"Psycho,\\" which introduced the cinematic world to a guy named Norman Bates.  And now-- forty years later-- even in an age of jaded, desensitized sensibilities, graphic horror and the likes of Hannibal Lecter and \\"American Psycho,\\" Hitchcock's masterpiece remains, even after repeated viewings, truly frightening and intrinsically disturbing.  Just as Ingmar Bergman did with his character of Karin in his landmark film, \\"Through A Glass, Darkly,\\" Hitchcock presents a character (Bates) at the psychological crossroads of his life, a pivotal juncture wherein he is required to make a conscious decision that will determine the course of the rest of his life:  Whether to reach for the light (and healing), or succumb to the voices beckoning to him from the dark, a place from which there will be no return.  Norman, however--like karin-- is incapable of making that decision, and ultimately must adhere to the resolution of the subconscious, which takes him past the point of no return and subsequently beyond the reach of any help forevermore.  The rest of the characters in the story-- Marion Crane, Lila, Sam Loomis, Arbogast-- are all mere pawns who happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong time and are forced by fate to help play out the drama of Norman's twisted existence.  Janet Leigh gives a memorable performance as Marion, creating a character that was not only destined to go down in cinematic history, but one that would make women everywhere afraid to shower at a motel.  Vera Miles is effective as Marion's sister, Lila, and John Gavin gives credibility to Marion's lover, Sam Loomis.  Martin Balsam gives a solid performance as well, as Arbogast, the ill-fated Private Eye whose encounter with Norman's mother on the stairs is a scene nearly as famous as that of Marion's \\"shower.\\"   Butthe real star of the film is, of course, Anthony Perkins, who gives an Oscar worthy performance as Norman Bates, a character even more chilling than Hannibal Lecter, in that his outward appearance is so deceiving, so contrary to the evil dwelling behind his unintended facade of normalcy.  His gentle countenance and boyish charm are so \\"real\\" that after being exposed to him it forever after makes anyone and everyone you encounter in your own life suspect.  And Perkins plays him to perfection, in arguably the best (and definitely the most memorable) performance of his career.  The supporting cast includes John McIntire (Sheriff Chambers), Simon Oakland (Dr. Richmond), Vaughn Taylor (George Lowery), Frank Albertson (Tom Cassidy), Lurene Tuttle (Mrs. Chambers), Patricia Hitchcock (Caroline), John Anderson (Charlie) and Mort Mills (Highway Patrolman).  If there was any doubt by the time this film was made, \\"Psycho\\" once and for all proved that Hitchcock was, indeed, the Master of Suspense.  There have been many imitators before and since, but all of them, good and bad alike, only serve to point out that nobody does it better than Hitchcock.
B000035Z3K|4.0|I was very pleased to get this DVD, almost the reason I got the player.  While not a big fan of the movie (I often fall asleep during some of the overly static scenes) I was looking forward to having a good copy with the Philip Glass score performed by the Kronos Quartet.  I especially looked forward to hearing the score as an isolated sound track, saves me the cost of buying the cd.<br />The movie is as usual, shown well here.  I struggled through the movie without the new soundtrack so I would have a fresh reference for what's been added.  I listened to the added score and liked it a great deal.  I think Glass contributed a haunting dimension to the story and made the &quot;empty&quot; sections much more enjoyable.<br />I was surprised to find the commentary track very enjoyable and I look forward to watching the Spanish language version with english subtitles.<br />A word of WARNING: if the Glass soundtrack is available as an isolated track... I have not been able to find it.<br />There's a lot to enjoy on this disc.
6304712936|3.0|I have the DVD version of this movie. I am not into classical music,but I did enjoy this movie. I gave it 4 stars,..but I take one away becasue I have to &quot;FLIP&quot; the dang disc over to finish it. Whats up with that Warner Brothers. You guys did the same with &quot;The Color Purple!&quot;. Two classic movies on DVD,..and you have to flip them over in the year 2001. What a bummer.
B00003CXP1|5.0|This intense film stayed with me a long time after seeing it.  A hard look at the destruction caused by drug abuse, this is a must-see for those willing to take a dark ride.  Though graphic, teenagers should view this film, as it drives home the peril of drugs better than a &quot;just say 'no' type of campaign. Ellen Burstyn deserves the oscar for a heart-breaking performance.
6305313687|5.0|A must see for anyone interested in race relations in this country. Unfortunately, a lot of the white power talk in the movie is believed by people in our communities. It seems so insane to us, but it exists. Although, not one racist will be swayed by the argument the movie makes, its a powerful depiction of results bred by a life of hate. That being said, you won't be disappointed. Edward Norton is incredible, and a post T2 Furlong works well as little brother. Overy dramatic? Sure. Believable? Yes.<br />Over three hundred people have written reviews on this film. If that many different people took time out of their busy lives to put their opinions down for all to see, the movie made its point. You don't walk away from the movie without feeling strongly about it.
B000001FA4|4.0|The Unforgettable Fire is a hard album to classify.  It is a complete departure from the first three studio albums; I remember buying it and scratching my head somewhat - this was something different, but what, I wasn't sure.  The collaboration with producers Eno and Lanois is a mixed bag - the band has definitely grown and moved to a new sound, but the production is sometimes murky and has a tendency at times to bury great songs - just compare &quot;Bad&quot; here with the unbelievable version at Live Aid.  Bono gets just a little too avant-garde with his virtually useless &quot;Elvis Presley and America&quot;, but is in fine form elsewhere, and the Edge is his usual great, unique self.  Put into perspective, this album captures a band in transformation, but still definitely a work in progress.
6304712936|1.0|I have the DVD version of this movie. I am not into classical music,but I did enjoy this movie. I gave it 4 stars,..but I take one away becasue I have to &quot;FLIP&quot; the dang disc over to finish it. Whats up with that Warner Brothers. You guys did the same with &quot;The Color Purple!&quot;. Two classic movies on DVD,..and you have to flip them over in the year 2001. What a bummer.
0070511136|4.0|I am a personal coach and I offer a high-cost service - I am not a sales professional and I do not like to &quot;sell.&quot;  This method is just what I've been looking for.  I have listened to the audiocassette a couple of times and I find the SPIN Selling approach easy to understand and effective.<br />The only thing that prevents me from giving this book 5 stars is the information sounds more like a research paper than a book - it's a bit dry, academic and takes longer to get to the point.  But, the value of the useful information presented makes it worthwhile.  A big thumbs up!
068484267X|4.0|Frank McCourt is commonly credited with revolutionizing the modern memoir. Through his account of a poor Irish upbringing, McCourt opens doors into his life through the perspective of a child. As he matures, his perspective, as well as his actions mature as well.<br />Angela's Ashes is incredibly painful to read; however, this is because McCourt's life was incredibly painful. Do not be discouraged, you are ultimately afforded the most wonderful ending simply by knowing of McCourt's eventual success.
0375707972|5.0|The Reader, by Bernard Schlink, was a moving book.  When the aurthor describes the relationship of the two,Michael and Hanna, it makes you feel like you were there going through all that they did.  The way he wrote this made me feel like I was in the shoes of one of the character's.  I love how he runs through Michaels life at a great moving pace, and then when the problems occur he uses such great structure of how it was.  Bernard Schlink uses so many emotions throughout this book you never get tired.  When he starts the book with Michael getting sick and being helped by Hanna you never would think anything of anything.  Then he goes and describes how they have a very intimate relationship as those of adults, with all the fights and emotions.  When you think everything is good for the two he surprises you with the sudden disapperance of Hanna.  I thought it was great how he could show how years later after alot of maturing Michael could still love a woman who walked out on him and was now being tried and convicted of murder years ago.  At the end when Michael gives Hanna's money to the soul survivor of the murder at a concentration camp, he sends it in the name of Hanna who was sentenced to death for a crime that both she and Michael knew she would have prevented if able.  I love how he uses a whirlwind of emotions and at the end gets you with the best kinds, heartbreak and ever lasting love.
B000003Z12|4.0|This was my favorite CD for a while after I first bought it.  It has some really beautiful songs.  The instrumentation and performances are top notch.  However, over time I've begun to tire of some of the slower songs.  They've become a bit more tedious with more listens.  And some of the keyboard-laden &quot;schmoov schwagger&quot; in a few songs (like Boulevard of Dreams), get a little bit tiresome.  Maybe it's the Jonathan Cain factor...  However, most of the songs' beauty can't be marred even by Cain's digital &quot;stylings&quot;, since most of the focus is on Schon's absolutely gorgeous and varied guitar playing, and since at least Cain's stuff is restrained (unlike on his own solo atrocities).  What do I consider his best, you may ask?  Check out Electric World...
B00004TLMC|2.0|From the reviews I have read, it seems that this movie is supposed to have a moral or a meaning, since Kubrick is such a great director.  I don't know if I agree he is that good, but this movie to me had a clear meaning and message.  Eyes Wide Shut attempts to explore the fact of how fragile marriege vows are.<br />I haven't decided if Kubrick takes a stand, or if he just presents this movie as a statement of fact, or a warning to be careful in a marriage, because it doesn't take too much to ruin.  Nor have I figured out a meaning to the last scene in the toy store.  But after watching the movie I came away with an overall message.<br />First, this movie has nudity, but like another reviewer said, it is not erotic.  It is however tragic.  The movie's message to me was this.  There is sex everywhere in society and you can get sex any time you want it.  Beautiful men and women are everywhere and society thinks nothing of you if you submit to sex outside of marriage.  So what holds marriages together?  Without getting religious or preachy, it is the commentment of the man and woman to each other.  The marriage vow can be broken by thought, such as when Alice confesses not just that she thought another man was cute, but that she would have given up everything for a night with him.<br />This devestates Bill, who in his mind sees Alice breaking part of the marriage vow.  He goes out for a night on the town and I think would have had sex if the circumstances were right.  He was willing to get revenge on his wife by doing something much worse that she did.<br />In the end, Alice and Bill are both equally hurt by the relevations of the other.  I think this movie is saying how easy it is to ruin a marriage through lust or adultery and that it takes a conscious effort by both parties to make a marriage work.<br />Or Kubrick could be saying if you are going to cheat or lust over other people, keep your freaking mouth shut.<br />I thought this was an intriguing movie because I found myself rooting for the better side of each person's character to come through, and at the end it did, I guess.  I don't know really.I found myself rooting for the better side of each person's character to come through, and at the end it did, I guess.  I don't know really.
0375707972|5.0|The Reader, by Bernard Schlink, was a moving book.  When the aurthor describes the relationship of the two,Michael and Hanna, it makes you feel like you were there going through all that they did.  The way he wrote this made me feel like I was in the shoes of one of the character's.  I love how he runs through Michaels life at a great moving pace, and then when the problems occur he uses such great structure of how it was.  Bernard Schlink uses so many emotions throughout this book you never get tired.  When he starts the book with Michael getting sick and being helped by Hanna you never would think anything of anything.  Then he goes and describes how they have a very intimate relationship as those of adults, with all the fights and emotions.  When you think everything is good for the two he surprises you with the sudden disapperance of Hanna.  I thought it was great how he could show how years later after alot of maturing Michael could still love a woman who walked out on him and was now being tried and convicted of murder years ago.  At the end when Michael gives Hanna's money to the soul survivor of the murder at a concentration camp, he sends it in the name of Hanna who was sentenced to death for a crime that both she and Michael knew she would have prevented if able.  I love how he uses a whirlwind of emotions and at the end gets you with the best kinds, heartbreak and ever lasting love.
B00004X01U|5.0|Madonna is one of those people you either love or hate, but either way you can't deny her. And most of the time, her music is very good. Such is the case with Music. This is quite possibly my favorite album by her, simply because there really is'nt a sour track on here, its quite good all throughtout the album.<br />The album is very dancey, and electronic(Impressive instant, Music, Runaway Lover), then it also has some less dancey, but very heart felt tracks such as \\"What it Feels like for a Girl\\" and \\"Gone\\". Another standout track also is the more midtempo, but fairly dancish stop beat guitar of \\"Don't tell me\\". Probably the reason this album is so good is because of its diversity. There is'nt a weak track here, though \\"Amazing\\" seems a bit like a rehash or \\"Beautiful Stranger\\", its still a fun mid-tempo track, not as much substance as some of the other songs here, but still good.<br />If I had to pick a favorite track, I'd probably pick \\"Gone\\", its slow and simple tune and its equally simple, yet quite thoughtful lyrics: \\"Dream away your life, Someone else's dream, Nothing equals nothing\\", make it the perfect end to a near perfect album.<br />God Bless & *Enjoy* ~Amy
0671867369|5.0|This book is about Company E, 506th PIR (Parachute Infantry Regiment), 101st Airborne Division. Although I have read many books which were essentially unit histories, I have read none better than this one by the always excellent Stephen Ambrose. <br />What really sets this book apart is that Ambrose relies heavily on first-hand accounts, not relying too much on official battle accounts, second-hand information, or the second-hand recollections of family members, which many inferior historians are wont to do. <br />Ambrose writes a magnificent prose about the struggles of Easy Company, from their formation in the States as an entirely brand-new unit, without any history whatsoever, to their first severe test in the form of their sadistic martinet commander, 1LT Herbert Sobel, to their first taste of combat, the Normandy landings. This book is every bit as entertaining as any fictional war novel, but the fact that it is a true, historically accurate account of WW2 make it a great classic in its own right.
B000002572|5.0|Has it been 25 years since this album was released?  This album continues to get airplay on AOR radio (especially Foreplay/Long Time, Let Me Take You Home Tonight, More Than A Feeling). Tom Scholz &amp; Company created a classic with great guitar work and wonderful melodies.
0688152023|5.0|I agree with all the five star reviewers here--this is an addition to my workout that I am enthusiastically looking forward to!  I was encouraged to purchase this book today after working out with an at home Pilates book for three weeks and seeing results.  I want to add this workout to my regime because I am having so much fun getting in shape--without going to the gym!  I read the book from cover to cover and was inspired by the beautiful dancers' lean bodies.  The back cover describes the New York City Ballet Workout 'the most beautiful and easy-to-use exercise book ever created.'  I'll never get bored or out of shape again!  Thanks NYCB!
6302787297|5.0|I am waiting for many years now for this title to be released on DVD. I hope that one nice day the studios will notice the demand and will make a compromise with their hatered for the French accent of Depardieu... It is ridiculous, I have seen many terrible films which however feature an all-english-speaking cast- and those films were rated a lot more generously by the critics. Why is that? Can't we be objective anymore? What does the accent have to do with the cinematography? I admire both Vangelis and Ridley Scott, and this film will certainly be one of the jewels in my collection.
B00004Z4WQ|3.0|One of the raunchiest multi-spoofing flicks to come across the way in a long time, the Wayans brothers have surprisingly succeeded in drawing audiences in for their eye-popping sight gags and flagrant innuendo, grossing millions of dollars in the process and earning the begrudging respect of films critics everywhere. It borrows themes from quite a few blockbusters, the main ones being &quot;Scream&quot; (1 and 2 of the tiresome trilogy) and &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer&quot;, teen-mania slashers that were BEGGING to be satirized. It also pokes fun at the quixotic visual effects of &quot;The Matrix&quot;, makes mention of the M. Night Shyamalan Oscar-starved film &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot; and borrows renowned cinematic techniques from &quot;The Blair Witch Project&quot; and &quot;Titanic&quot;. There are probably many more bits and pieces of other movies I've missed while watching it, but the broadly vulgar material makes it hard to recognize.<br />&quot;Scary Movie&quot; is the athenaeum... of toilet humor carried by the no-holds-barred directorial style that the Wayans brothers offer. Some of it was almost too much to handle for certain people; they claimed that &quot;Scary Movie&quot; was hurdling the boundaries of bad taste and that the rating systems should've bequeathed unto it an NC-17 classification on account of its appalling gags and the impropriety of full-frontal male nudity... It also makes blatant jokes about homosexuality and the minorities (ex. - Anna Faris types the words &quot;White woman in trouble&quot; to hastily summon the police in an emergency).<br />Although we have witnessed many a character performance before from the creators of this picture, the other cast members are amusing and memorable. First off, we have Anna Faris (a blue-eyed version of Katie Holmes) portraying the crisis-ridden Sidney from the Scream films, a victim of her own stupidity. Her character is aptly named Cindy Campbell and she is the straightest performance in this movie, making the laugh quotient that much more abundant. Remember Nadia, the sexy exchange student from the teen sex farce &quot;American Pie&quot;? Shannon Elizabeth is back, this time playing a complete airhead as Buffy Gilmore, a carbon copy of Rose McGowan's bimbo in &quot;Scream&quot; (and she gets slaughtered just as quickly). Dave Sheridan (a poor man's Jim Carrey) is a little tough to take at times with his overexerted and shameless interpretation of Doofy, Buffy's mentally-handicapped brother. As always, SNL's Cheri O'Teri is a riot as the Gayle Weathers replica Gail Hailstorm, the fanatical TV reporter who chews people up and spits them out without a second thought. James Van Der Beek makes an amusing cameo, but the most brazen performances come from the Wayans brothers themselves. First, we have Marlon - haven't we seen this before? He's not really an actor, although he seems to think that his doobie-smoking, low-intellect dude routine will never wear thin. He played virtually the same part in &quot;Don't Be A Menace To South Central While Drinking Your Juice In The Hood&quot;. Shawn is not much more impressive (he's more annoying, in fact) except that he's more wiry here than in &quot;Don't Be A Menace...&quot;. On the whole, they are virtually the same person. Their brother (and more prudent filmmaker) Keenan makes a brief cameo in the aforementioned &quot;Titanic&quot; premise.<br />I think what really kept this film up in the air for so long was its fearlessness and the Wayans brothers...attitude about their crass masterpiece. When making an omelette, eggs must be broken and Marlon and Shawn are gleefully chomping on the shells in the midst of their million-dollar success. For those who have a sensitive palette regarding sex, drugs and violence, this is not your taste. Seek other flavorsome fare in the PG department. &quot;Scary Movie&quot; is warts and all.in this movie, making the laugh quotient that much more abundant. Remember Nadia, the sexy exchange student from the teen sex farce &quot;American Pie&quot;? Shannon Elizabeth is back, this time playing a complete airhead as Buffy Gilmore, a carbon copy of Rose McGowan's bimbo in &quot;Scream&quot; (and she gets slaughtered just as quickly). Dave Sheridan (a poor man's Jim Carrey) is a little tough to take at times with his overexerted and shameless interpretation of Doofy, Buffy's mentally-handicapped brother. As always, SNL's Cheri O'Teri is a riot as the Gayle Weathers replica Gail Hailstorm, the fanatical TV reporter who chews people up and spits them out without a second thought. James Van Der Beek makes an amusing cameo, but the most brazen performances come from the Wayans brothers themselves. First, we have Marlon - haven't we seen this before? He's not really an actor, although he seems to think that his doobie-smoking, low-intellect dude routine will never wear thin. He played virtually the same part in &quot;Don't Be A Menace To South Central While Drinking Your Juice In The Hood&quot;. Shawn is not much more impressive (he's more annoying, in fact) except that he's more wiry here than in &quot;Don't Be A Menace...&quot;. On the whole, they are virtually the same person. Their brother (and more prudent filmmaker) Keenan makes a brief cameo in the aforementioned &quot;Titanic&quot; premise.<br />I think what really kept this film up in the air for so long was its fearlessness and the Wayans brothers...attitude about their crass masterpiece. When making an omelette, eggs must be broken and Marlon and Shawn are gleefully chomping on the shells in the midst of their million-dollar success. For those who have a sensitive palette regarding sex, drugs and violence, this is not your taste. Seek other flavorsome fare in the PG department. &quot;Scary Movie&quot; is warts and all.
B0000024SI|5.0|&quot;Highway 61 Revisited&quot; is, in my opinion, Bob Dylan's best album. Although many fans believe that either &quot;Blonde On Blonde&quot; or &quot;Blood On The Tracks&quot; is his defining work, &quot;Highway 61 Revisited&quot;  remains my favourite. It is undoubtedly Dylan's most accessible &quot;rock&quot; album, whereas the aforementioned albums require patience in order to fully enjoy them. It is also an album of great historic importance. Blending meaningful, poetic lyrics with a rockier style of music, Dylan proved that poetry wasn't exclusive only to folk music, and that rock and roll could also  have meaning, as well as spread a message. This move of his was controversial and influenced many artists of the time, including the Beatles (who had before inspired Dylan to pick up an electric guitar!). The songs musically are a mix of Rock, Blues and Folk and there isn't a clunker among them. I could literally write pages about each individual song, but I'll make it plain and simple:   <br />The album's famous opener &quot;Like A Rolling Stone&quot; itself is an important song. Being six minutes long, it broke the &quot;three minute rule&quot; that radio stations in the USA had sanctioned on pop songs. Many believe this song to be the first &quot;true&quot; rock song, and they're probably right.  &quot;Tombstone Blues&quot; and the title track both take you on a journey inside Dylan's head, and you're in for a wild ride. The lyrics, with the weird, seemingly unrelated imagery, may seem ridiculous on first listen, but they really are quite funny :).  &quot;It Takes A Lot To Laugh...&quot;, &quot;Queen Jane Approximately&quot; and &quot;Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues&quot; are superb slow blues numbers. &quot;Ballad Of A Thin Man&quot; is a chilling piano-based tune. The vivid picture of a freak circus that Dylan conjures up often leaves me feeling spooked out (but in a good way). &quot;From A Buick 6&quot; is Dylan's humourous tribute to his &quot;graveyard woman&quot;, and it rocks hard.  The album's grand gem is the 11-minute closer &quot;Desolation Row&quot;. Musically, it features just guitar and harmonica, and thus reminds one alot of Dylan's earlier folk material, but the lyrics - all surrealist poetry, are what makes this song a masterpiece. They could even be read as a poem on their own, without musical accompaniment. Everybody knows the &quot;Einstein disguised as Robin Hood&quot; bit, and if you're patient enough to listen to the song all the way through, you're in for quite an experience.<br />If you are new to Dylan and want a good sampling of his work, forget a greatest hits compilations and buy this, along with &quot;The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan&quot; (which is a good representation of Dylan's folkie days). &quot;Highway 61 Revisited&quot; remains proof of Dylan's legendary status and why he has been THE master of both words and music over the past forty years.
0553274503|4.0|I had to read this book for English, and i was probably the only one that had read it.  I was pretty upset that i had to read it, but once i got into it, it was a terrific book!  He goes through so much in his life time, and it makes you think how lucky you have it!  I would have to say, it is probably my favourite book of all times.  Would recommend you read it!
B00003CXHJ|3.0|I love this movie and on DVD it's great.  The effects are amaing and it's true claustrophobic terror.  Not quite as good as Das Boot (German for &quot;The Boat&quot;) but comes close.  Harvey Kietel was great along with Matthew McConoaughey.  Can't say the same for Bon Jovi though.  This would have been four star movie if they would have thrown in other people from different countries on this sub.  But no it was all americans on board, typical, just like in saving private ryan all americans.  The writers are obviously american.  British war movies have people from different nationalities why can't these american films.  Because americans think they won the war by themselves.  This is the only downfall to the movie and maybe a flaw here or there but other wise get it.
B00004W3MS|5.0|I just picked this disc up, and I have to say that is truely one of the most beautiful pieces of music I have ever heard. This album takes you on a trip like you are floating. And the fact that you cannot understand what the singer is saying is irrelavent, because his voice is a finely tuned instrument that just adds another layer to the songs that already have many layers. This is a new band for me, and I hope they stay together for a long time to come, beause I think there music is something that we need in the day and age of Backstreet Boys and Britney Spears fluff. This is music with a meaning and purpose, even if it is not something that is easily identifiable. Anyone that likes wonderfully arranged music, this is a must buy.
0792839234|5.0|Leonard Maltin, stick to alleged classics like &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; and &quot;Gone with the Wind.&quot;  Phantasm is way out of your league.  This film stays with you long after you've seen it.  At a time when slasher films were being cranked out, Phantasm stood out on its own and no one EVER tried to duplicate Cosarelli's vision.  In my teen years I watched the film four times and still could not clearly remember the ending.  How many films have you watched in this category that would give you nightmares?  There are only  a small handful of horror films that rise above the glut of knockoffs that are made today and those that followed Carpenter's Halloween in 1978; this is the best of them. 1. Phantasm  2. Dawn of the Dead 3. Witchboard 4. Anguish 5. ??? (we'll see)
B00004X0Q0|5.0|I tell you what, I was a skeptic at first listen of this disc, but when I listened to it the second time around, it totally blew my mind. It reminded me of all the good reasons I loved Fugazi, but in a totally different way. The intensity of this band is unchartable, and the vocal range of the singer is amazing. He has the raw power of Zach de la Rocha and Ian McKay all in one, and he takes his own individual spin on it. I have not put that disc down since I bought this last December. It still has not been filed into my collection, beause it would not stay there for more than a day at a time. If you like raw energetic music and thought provoking lyrics, this album is a no brainer, YOU JUST HAVE TO GET IT!
B00003CXE7|5.0|This dvd is great, and the first one i purchased when i got a dvd player. Let me first start of with the movie. The movie is excellent, with great pacing, superb acting (Joquien Pheonix and Crowe are awesome!)a great storyline, and fabulous action. What more could you want? The sound on this dvd is great, in both formats. The DTS is better then the Dolby digital, but both are amazing and show the dvd's potential. The picture quality is sharp, and spot on. The extra's on this dvd are some of the best a dvd will have. 30 minutes of cut scenes, 3 documentaries, trailers, a diary of one of the actors on the set, cast and cre bio, storyboards and still photography. Loaded. This dvd is one of the best around, and i mean it. If your just getting a dvd player make sure to pick up this and Terminator 2 the ultimate edition.
014100018X|4.0|I bought this book after coming back from the South of France hoping it would bring back memories and would seem more realistic after being in the same sort of area.It did more than that, it was a really good book and one that brings images of a quaint shop set in a picturesque sunny village with delectable tempting chocolates in the window. Its best read whilst drinking hot chocolate preferably with a chocolate bar to dunk in it! I definitely recommend this book even if you just want to read the descriptions of chocolate!
0440178002|5.0|With so many reviews I cannot add anything new. This book holds you enthralled from start to finish. Clavell's descriptions of 16th century Japanese life, politics and the effects of an English 'intruder' into this environment is stuff that dreams are made of. I do not read many books more than once but this book can be read numerous times and never pales with each read.
014028009X|4.0|This book is almost insultingly funny. You can relate to the character Bridget and the strange things she does on her quest to find the perfect live, job and weight and at the same time laugh incredebly hard about it. It's a way to see all your own struggles in a different light and realise your not the only one. A book to read on a drowsy sunday morning after a dreadful date while eating a box of chocolate.
B00003CWTI|2.0|I consider myself open minded, well read, and not afraid of movies and books out of the main stream.  But Magnolia was one movie that left me wondering...&quot;what was that?&quot;  The movie began with &quot;urban legend&quot; anecdotes to show how life defies the odds and even the impossible can happen.  Is it fate?  Or is it just the way life is?     This is a movie of characters facing great challenges in their life and how each individual challenge is linked together.  The acting is terrific, the use of music superb, and the view of life as a depressing weather forecast is clever.  But the &quot;patchwork&quot; unravels and the personal lives of the characters aren't tied together as strong as they could be.  This is not a film with an occasional downpour of emotion.  It's Noah's deluge!  And in the end when we look for the sun breaking through the clouds and a dove returning with a flowering twig, the rain continues to fall.  Life continues and I guess we need to wait for the sequel to see what happens.
B00003CX8J|2.0|Ok, let's get our adrenaline down to normal.  This movie had and gave none.  I sat in my seat thinking, &quot;This is a total bore.  This movie offers nothing to my theatre-watching enjoyment, and I can't believe this movie was produced for so much money.   The characters are silly.  The plot was aweful.  The acting non-existant, except for Sir McKellen and Mr. Picard.  They stole their scenes.  However, too much emphasis was placed by Mr. Singer on the action and the aweful plot of bash the bad guys.  I understand this is a typical summer blockbuster movie, so plot is irrelevant and the fans want explosion and fighting. Fine, if that's what you want, then go for it. In any case, this movie stunk.  The box office also proved my sentiments.  It's NOT a blockbuster if a movie made less than $150 million.  The gross is probably less than 50 million.  That's aweful.  Movie watchers stopped supporting this movie by the 4th week, if not earlier.   This movie appeals to the comic book fan base.  Not much else, I guess.  There's plenty of X-men and Marvel goodies here , but for us normal folks who demand decent acting and a decent plot, this just doesn't deliver.  I blame Mr. Singer for relying on special effects instead of the immense talents of Mckellen and Patrick Stewart.  I guess he's working for the powerful hoards of X-Men fans.
B000002UZ1|5.0|Although I encourage all of you out there to hear The Beatles songs on their original albums, this 2-CD set is great for those who are just starting to listen to the Fab Four. The Blue Album contains their best hits from the period 1967-70. After The Beatles stopped touring in '66, they without a doubt made their best music because they could concentrate solely on work in the studio.  All the magic of the Sgt. Pepper album begins this compilation, including the single released before Pepper, \\"Penny Lane/Strawberry Fields Forever.\\"  \\"All You Need is Love\\" from the Magical Mystery Tour LP is here, along with the most underrated song \\"Lady Madonna.\\"  \\"Hey Jude\\" and \\"Revolution\\" close out the first disc.  The second disc of '67-'70 begins with work from \\"The White Album\\" such as \\"Back in the USSR\\" and \\"Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da.\\"  Great songs off the Abbey Road LP are present, like \\"Come Together\\" and \\"Here Comes the Sun.\\"  To finish it off, material from \\"Let it Be\\" shows just how creative The Beatles were even when they were constantly arguing with each other.  The Beatles are the greatest musical band to ever walk the earth, and this 2-disc set shows why.
0679731725|5.0|Kazuo Ishiguro has not created a realistic character in Stevens but an almost mythical figure representing the ideal characteristics of a servant, or perhaps more fittingly, a vassal. Only a writer with an understanding of a rigid class-system could have wrought such a brilliant archetype. Stevens is a samurai so dedicated to his Lord (Darlington) that he has sublimated his entire life to serve him. Stevens has no romantic life--he avoids the subtle and not-so-subtle advances of the housekeeper Ms. Kenton. He reads in his spare time, but only to improve his command of the English language, to make himself a better butler. He has no political views, defaulting completely to his Lord--even reversing his views as his lord reverses himself.<br />And in the final comparison between men--between lord and vassal, the vassal is clearly the greater man. It is Darlington's role in society to conduct diplomacy and he fails miserably, completely outmaneuvered by his counterparts in Germany. But Stevens shines! He even works through his own father's death, never betraying any emotion. Darlington dabbles in work \\"best left to professionals,\\" while Stevens IS the ultimate professional.<br />Many people see the work as a study in tragic mistakes. But I think there is too much emphasis in Western society on individuals satisfying their own emotional, psychological, and romantic needs. I read this from a more ancient and Eastern viewpoint: Stevens is not haunted during the remains of his life but rather can be proud that he achieved perfection in his craft. The fact that the story can be interpreted in both ways makes it a piece of genius.
B000002UAX|5.0|This is definitely one of the greatest albums of all-time in rock-n-roll history.  Released after the innovative Sgt. Pepper's album, the White Album represents many different musical faces of The Beatles.  At this point in their career, The Beatles were beginning to become individuals, and you can hear this in The White Album.  Some of my favorites on this 2-CD set include: Blackbird, While My Guitar Gently Weeps, Helter Skelter, and Revolution No.1.  This album is a must for all Beatles fans and fans of rock-n-roll in general!!!
1558908846|3.0|Too violent, too cartoonish, too unimaginative??? Shakespeare In Love this ain't.  But a marvelously spectacular and wholly realized fantasy/SF world it most certain is: zappy, amusing, wonderfully imaginative, with equal amounts of humor and seriousness. If only it had been longer, less restricted by commercial concerns, it could have truly been a pop masterpiece. Try looking beyond the lead and one will discover an exceptionally rich production, obviously a labor of love by its underrated director.  Awesome sets and panoramas; terrificly detailed - and often humorous - visual and audio effects - the ABC robot alone was worth the price of admission for me!  And of course, above all, superb lighting/cinematopgraphy that puts many other &quot;prestige&quot; movies to shame. All are wonderfully displayed in this wide-screen version.  And the acting?  Not at all shabby.  Just check out the scenes between von Sydow and Prochnow, or lovely Diane Lane and Stallone.  Assante is over the top  - right where he belongs here.  Judge Dredd may be adolescent, escapist junk-food, but like the similarly much abused Lost In Space movie,  it's junk-food on a lavish and impressive scale.  DVD only does them both justice!
B000002UYZ|5.0|This 2-CD set contains the hits that everybody fell in love with from The Beatles, in the beginning.  It covers the period from 1962-1966, and there's not a bad tune in this package.  First of all, you get the catchy-pop tunes that made America go crazy in '64-'65 like: Love Me Do, Please Please Me, I Want to Hold Your Hand, A Hard Day's Night, Can't Buy Me Love, Yesterday, etc....Then you get to hear The Beatles start to experiment more with songs from the Rubber Soul and Revolver albums like: Norwegian Wood, Nowhere Man, Michelle, Yellow Submarine, and In My Life (a great song, hands down).  I love the Beatles music with all my heart, but I do prefer this package over the Blue Album, but I will never live without either one!!!!
B00003CX8I|5.0|This movie was fantastic. I had never seen X-Men before this, but after seeing the movie, I became hooked on the cartoon and comic, it has had such a profound impact on me. The actors they picked had astounding resemblences to Marvel's, and they catured the attitudes perfectly. After seeing it once, I went back to the cinema to see it again not 3 hours later, and found that it was as good then as it had been the previous time. X-Men is one of those movies that is good, no matter how many times you see it. Every time, you can pick up hidden jokes, mentions and cameos. The only thing that I now, after seeing the cartoon, find wrong with it, is that they melded together Beast and Jean Grey, and left out everyone's favourite Cajun, Gambit. However, I still give this movie 5 stars because it is just awesome. If you like sci-fi, you'll love this movie, regardless if you have been a Marvel fan for years, or not. And if this is the first time you see X-Men- well, I guarantee that from the moment it ends onward, you will be a devoted fan.
B000002UAR|5.0|Revolver has consistently been named the #1 rock album of all-time in numerous TV shows and magazine polls, and it's tough to argue with critics and fans.  The Revolver album picked up where 1965's Rubber Soul left off.  The Beatles on Rubber Soul began moving away from the cheeky, poppy tunes of 1963-65 and turned toward writing more introspective, thought-provoking songs like \\"Norwegian Wood\\" and \\"In My Life\\" to name just two.  George Harrison's cynical \\"Taxman\\" opens the Revolver LP nicely.  One of Paul's masterpieces, \\"Eleanor Rigby\\" is next, followed by John's \\"I'm Only Sleeping.\\"  The fab four do a remarkable job on harmony on \\"Here, There and Everywhere,\\" then we get to hear Ringo's vocals on the ever popular \\"Yellow Submarine.\\"  A couple of John's LSD-influenced tunes follow on the LP with \\"She Said She Said\\" and \\"Dr. Robert.\\"  Paul does great vocal work on both the soft \\"For No One\\" and the poppy \\"Got to Get You Into My Life.\\"  \\"Tomorrow Never Knows,\\" which John wrote entirely in the chord of C finishes off the album in fine form.  After listening, you'll understand why The Beatles wanted to get away from the songs from previous three years.  They wanted more freedom to write and experiment with different ideas and sounds.  Masterful indeed!
B00000JGEI|5.0|Terminator 2 probably ranks, in my opinion, as the best action movie ever made. The story, if you don't know it, is as follows: Humans create a superpowerful computer that mostly destroys the world, and to crush the remaining resistance, send a machine back in time to destroy the human's leader, John Connor. The resistance sends a warrior back as well, to save him. In the first Terminator, Ah-nold (say it right!) was sent back the kill John's mother; in the 2nd one, Ah-nold goes back to protect John from an even nastier machine.   That's how the plot starts at least, however rather then go through with it, halfway into the movie it takes an interesting twist and the three heroes (Ah-nold, Linda Hamilton as John's Mother, and John himself) end up trying to prevent the computer from ever being built. Naturally this leads to an ugly time-travel paradox mess that I won't even try to sort out, but you don't have to get into the particulars to enjoy the movie.   The acting is quite good; this is really the only role that Ah-nold can play really well, because the machine is emotionless, and his is good at it. Hamilton gets a trifle annoying in one scene, and in a few others is just, well, crazy, but other then that she is also fine for the role. Lastly, Edward Furlong is excellent as John Connor, ten years old at this time, and not growing up in the best of environments. Watching the relationship between the boy and the machine really sets this movie apart, and leads to a surprisingly moving conclusion.   And naturally, the real part of an action movie, the special effects and action scenes. The effects are astounding. Even today, ten years after the movie was made, they still look incredible. The highlight is the enemy terminator changing its form, and it seems doubtful that it could ever get more real looking. The action itself is also great, ranging from obligatory car chases to Ah-nold and the T-1000 (Robert Patrick) beating each other up. Every scene ties together well, and action and story shift together seamlessly.   Finally, a word must be said about the music: it is incredible. Composer Brad Fidel created a perfect score for the movie; at times the music sounds totally techno-machine like, for other scenes, notably the journey into the desert, it could almost lull you to sleep. (It sounds bad for an action movie, but it's actually not)   The only bad part of T2, as noted, are the whole twisty time travel dealings and the fact the Hamiltons character gets somewhat annoying once or twice. That aside though, T2 is a superb action movie, blending excellent special effects and action with an interesting and involving plot. And of course, everyone loves Ah-nold.
0743201140|3.0|The strengths survey was interesting but didn't really tell me anything about myself that I didn't already know.  Most of us know ourselves well enough to figure out what our strengths are.  I suggest sitting down with a good glass of wine and give this some thought rather than wasting a little money and a bit more time sitting through this book.<br />Bottom line, I wouldn't bother wasting your time with this book.  The basic premise is sound, focus on your strengths.  The book basically spends page after page rehashing this theme but not much more.<br />So, think about your strengths.  Are you compassionate, a competitor, a thinker, empathetic, etc.? Look for work that will utilize these strengths.  Live a happier and more productive life.<br />There you have it.
B000056JYB|4.0|The Good News is Disc 1. The Bad News? Disc 2. Blind Faith's  powerhouse blend of talent has yielded tasty music that ages well, and the remastered original 6-song album makes a satisfying main course. BUT... you know what the man said about too much dessert (&quot;what's sweet now turns so sour&quot;). The original album timed out at the standard 40 minutes; with 2 hours total on this version,that makes for TOO MUCH dessert! Disc 2 sports 4 endless studio jams that only a masochist, or perhaps the players involved, would ever consider listening to more than once. The extras on Disc 1 are genuinely interesting; the &quot;electric&quot; &quot;Can't Find My Way Home&quot; a definite highlight. The &quot;Acoustic Jam&quot; proves the worthiest of the studio jams, sounding (not surprisingly) like one of Traffic's extended jazz-rock workouts a la &quot;High-Heeled Boys&quot;.The extra &quot;jams&quot; should have been a &quot;bonus&quot; disc, it does not justify the bloated pricetag. Still, enough goodies to make it worthwhile for collectors.
076790382X|4.0|Bryson at his worst is still better than most of us at our lampshade-headed best.  This book, like his others, was definitely laugh-out-loud-on-the-subway funny.  But I did find here that this book suffered from a few inconsistencies I haven't noticed elsewhere, particularly when he tackles serious subjects.<br />Dave Barry has proven his mastery time and again by approaching these difficult issues with dignity, somehow managing not to alienate the readers who look to him for humour.  Bryson, on the other hand, sometimes seems a little too desperate for our laugh, like an adult who persistently tickles glum children under the chin to get them to smile.<br />Nevertheless, Bryson's true character shines through.  All these pieces reflect admirably his love of family and values (and his committment to walk instead of drive whenever possible!).<br />I would have loved to have read these pieces in their original British form, but I still enjoyed them immensely as they're presented here.  His anthropological approach to American culture may jar those who feel that the U.S. is the centre of the universe, but his goal is never just to educate.  I'm convinced he simply wants us to wet ourselves laughing, and believe me, he just about accomplishes this every single time.
B0000004V2|5.0|The Stone Roses burst out of nowhere in 1989 changing music and youth culture in Britain forever. From the slow build up of the opening \\"I wanna be adored\\" to the chart storming \\"Fools Gold\\" the album doesn't have a bad track; it's an astonishing debut. Considering that it is a debut, the self-confidence and downright cockiness of the band is amazing, they truly believed that they were the best band in the world - and for a short time they were. John Squire's guitar work is brilliant throughout and \\"Fools Gold\\" spawned a rash of inferior copycat bands. Some of the music is not totally original though. When Morrissey was asked to give a one word summation of 1989 he replied \\"1969\\" - he may have had a point. I always think of \\"eight miles high\\" by The Byrds as the first real \\"Madchester\\" tune. Nonetheless, \\"The Stone Roses\\" is one of the all time classic albums that everyone should own. Before the Stone Roses, indie kids and dance kids hated each other, but here was a band that fit into both categories and in turn made a whole new area of music accessible to both groups. It's difficult to pick out recommendations from such a great album, but \\"I wanna be adored\\", \\"She bangs the drum\\", \\"Waterfall\\", \\"I am the resurrection\\" and \\"Fools Gold\\" are really worth checking out.
185984054X|4.0|This book is an expose seeking to attack the Mother Teresa myth. The writer does this by looking at the way that Mother Teresa acquired her reputation and then discusses what he sees as shortcomings in her ministry. <br />Mother Teresa is very much the creation of Malcom Muggeridge. Muggeride passed away some time ago but he was a committed Christian.  He was responsible for the first stories which brought her world attention. The author describes a range of incidents which suggests that Muggeride was so in awe of her that he occasionally took leave of his senses. One example is that a photographer took photos of the place in which Mother Teresa cared for the sick. There was a failure of the lighting equipment but despite that the photo's still came out. Muggeride was of the view that this showed that Mother Teresa exuded a divine light. The author of this book spoke to the cameraman involved in the incident and it seems that after the lighting failure he simply used fast film.<br />There are however two major criticisms of Mother Teresa's. The first is that she was willing to be involved with people of low reputation to get money. The book describes a number of relationships but one of the most chilling is her support of some of the previous leaders of Haiti. She has also taken donations from serious criminals. In return for the acceptance of money Mother Teresa has spoken out in support such people. <br />The other criticism is that her places set aside for the poor and dying are run dreadfully. Money is diverted away from the provision of medical services to build churches and to fund anti-abortion campaigns. The lack of available money means that the nuns in her hospices re-use infected bandages, don't provide basic medicine and the staff are badly trained.  This means that people who due to their poverty are forced into her hospices receive a level of treatment that can lead to their death. <br />The book is easy to read although the style is a little high drama in parts. Still it is an interesting expose of someone who has become a public figure and thus open to such criticism.
0393317552|2.0|The thesis is quite interesting, but Diamond uses ten words when he could use one, and of those ten words five of them are either &quot;I&quot;, &quot;me&quot;, &quot;mine&quot;.<br />I can't believe this book won a Pulitzer.  I was under the impression that the *actual words* counted, not the actual *word count*.
B00004X01U|4.0|My Madonna is back. It is different from Lay of Right Madonna. My image of Madonna is always a rebel girl. She's always controversial,target of scorn(see the number of negative votes here). Second single Don't Tell Me is a blower. I had to double check if my cd player is all right. I do like Music and American Pie showing her crusade to bring the great music back. She's really a Joan of Arc for today's music. Runnaway Lover is my #1 favorite. Who can sing this better than Madonna?
0790729644|5.0|This is the best western movie, or even the best movie i have ever seen in a long time. A simple story told in the most affectionate way. Clint Eastwood is his best in this movie in a role that he perfected. It's a must-see for western fans, Clint Eastwood fans and if you're not, this movie will turn you into one. Do not miss this one !
B000002JKA|4.0|This album has become very dear to me as of late.  I am a DT fan and recently gave all my DT cds another full listen.  And I came away most happy with this cd(I was already overly happy with SFAM).  &quot;Voices&quot; really gets to me.  The lyrics and the way they are sung are just full of passion and emotion.  Musically It is enjoyable as well.  &quot;Caught In A Web&quot; is another rocker.  It has quite the hook on it if you ask me.  I love &quot;Lie&quot;.  Lyrically it is very good and when James sings &quot;Don't tell me you wanted me/Don't tell me you thought of me&quot;, you can feel the anger.  And Petrucci's work is incredible.  And &quot;6:00&quot; has some great musicianship and is real heavy, as is &quot;The Mirror&quot;.  I do definetely enjoy Kevin Moore's work on keys and this is a fitting way to leave at his peak with the band.  This album is definetely heavier than the other efforts of the band and full of emotion, a rarity for prog(which I am a avid fan of so I am not knocking it).  ALl in all, not the best Dream Theater album, but it should not be passed up.
B00000AF95|5.0|Animalize is worth buying just for track 3 alone.  Burn Bitch Burn is the ultimate Gene song(besides God of Thunder) complete with a killer riff and great lyrics.  How can you argue with the line &quot;I wanna put my log in your fireplace?&quot;  Overall, this is a vastly underrated Kiss album, tracks like I've Had Enough, Heaven's On Fire, Murder in High Heels, and Thrills in the Night attest to the fact.  Paul's vocals are in top form and Eric Carr proves he was a major talent on the drums.  Mark St. John may not have been Ace Frehely but he's more than adequate on this record.  Animalize is not Destroyer, it's Kiss during an evolutionary period in the band's history.  Pick it up, your collection will not be complete without it.
0525945636|3.0|Follet sets this story on the eve of the launch of a U.S. rocket as the U.S. plays catch-up to Soviet Union.  The space race is heating up and the U.S. is struggling to stay in the game.  Code to Zero opens with a pair of apparently homeless bums waking up in the bathroom of a Washington DC train station.  The reader quickly learns that these two are not as they would appear at first glance.  One has lost his memory and does not know who he is or anything about his life.  The story unfolds with the amnesiac seeking to learn his identity, perplexed by his inability to recall anything from his past but seemingly able to react instinctively to increasingly precarious and dangerous circumstances.<br />While it does not take a rocket scientist to predict the outcome of the book, Follet nonetheless provides the reader with interesting characters and an entertaining, fast-moving story.  With the flashback chapters spread throughout the book, Follet has created an effective way to bring out the past of Dr. Lucas and provide the context for current events.  This is not Follet's best effort.  It is, however, well worth the time.
B000003TA4|1.0|Do you still live with your parents?  Do you think that Kurt Cobain is a legend?  Can you play four chords on a guitar?  If you can answer yes to any of the above questions no doubt you agree that Nirvana's Nevermind is a masterpiece and easily the best album ever created.  Of course we all know that there is no better guitarist or vocalist than Cobain, in fact he was better than Hendrix, Stevie Ray Vaughan, and Eric Clapton rolled into one; and Dave Grohl is obviously a better drummer than John Bonham or Neil Peart.  But really, the song structures here are so complex that you'd better be a master of your instrument to even try to play these songs.  And oh my the lyrics, now I'm not sure if anyone else will agree with me but I think Cobain was a better songwriter than the Lennon/McCartney team ever was.  I mean how can you get any better than &quot;with the lights out it's less dangerous, here we are now entertain us!&quot;  I would definitely say that Nirvana's Nevermind is better than the Beatles White Album, Jimi Hendrix Band of Gypsies, The Doors 1st album, Yes' Close to the Edge, Rush's Moving Pictures, Pink Floyd's Animals, or any Frank Zappa cd combined...
B00003CXN4|1.0|If I wanted to watch a documentary on drugs, I would have stayed home and watched PBS. I was bored throughout the entire movie. There was no action, in fact the movie was so quiet you could here the projector going the whole time. I want to watch a movie for entertainment value, to escape reality. This movie is in no way deserving of any awards. Do not see this...!
B000002B5L|5.0|I am a big fan of Lauryn's voice, so I was automatically attracted to this album. It's an all around great expirience. I really enjoy the beats too.
B00004TEWP|5.0|Britney is a great gal with a great singing voice. Her first song oops i did it again is the best on this cd even though it sounds similar to baby one more time but more funked up. 5000/5 stronger is also a great song its fast and has a great chorus. 4900/5 dont go knocking.. is a fantastic pacing r&amp;b song. 4900/5 i can't get no... is good, i hate the part when britney sings i can't get no and the volume starts to rise. it scared me. 900/5 6. What You See a good song and has some attitude to it. 4500/5 7. Lucky a sweet song, but some people say that this song makes her seem up herself which i don't think she is. She just does not care about fame and fortune. I think britney cares about her life more than money. 4500/5 8. One Kiss From You another funky song with a summer beat. 4900/5  9. Where Are You Now a slow song, but it is very mellow and seems to come from brtieny's heart. the chorus is breathtaking. 3599/5 10. Can't Make You Love Me another song which is great and fast. again says she will give up fame and fortune to be with someone. 3800/5 11. When Your Eyes Say It a slow song, but still wonderful.3000/5 12. Girl In The Mirror it sounds like a ballad from the 70's.but this song is excellent. its the best bonus song on the album. 4900/5  13. You Got It All another wonderful song which sounds like a ballad from the 80's. it also has some attitude to it. 4000/5 14. Heart is such a marvelous song. its so mellow and sweet. i wish britney could sing it too me. highest number in the world /5 15. Dear Diary a great, sweet song which she wrote. i hope that she was writing it for me.4800/5
B000001E8P|5.0|It was about 5:30am and I was channel surfing and came across the video for &quot;Common People&quot; playing on MTV.  I had never heard of Pulp before (thank you San Antonio Radio) but I had to have that song.  I bought this album that same day and still listen to it at least once a week.  The whole album is a great listen start to finish.
B000002J1O|5.0|This cd is so good... For one thing, the songs are catchy, not like a song on the radio with the same thing repeated, but that the melodies are beautiful... I thought genesis was a cheap pop band until I heard this cd, and then listened to other Peter Gabriel genesis stuff... One thing that struck me was the skill that each member of the band has with there instrument, even Peter Gabriel on the flute... Tony Banks shows that he is one of the best keyboard players out there with amazing solos on Firth of Fifth, and what I consider to be the best keyboard part on The Cinema Show... Phil Collins is amazing throughout the whole thing... he isn't as obvious (or quite as good) as Neil Peart of Rush, but part of the genius in his playing is the subtlety... I love the drumming in The Cinema Show... The Battle of Epping Forest is another great song... musically it's very good, but lyrically it's probably the stand out song on the album... Anyways, all the songs are amazing, I simply don't have the energy to talk about each... This is a beautiful album, and should be bought by any Phil Collins Genesis fan, to show them what good music actually is... although song Phil Collins stuff is ok... :)
B00003CXDG|4.0|This film is an excellent melding of the Mission Impossible genre with John Woo's directing style. It is beautifully filmed with superb choreography. A lot of people seem to be putting it down for its outlandish action situations and sequences. For me this is the essence of an &quot;impossible mission&quot; and brought me back to watching the original Mission Impossible as a young boy in a way which the first MI didn't come close. In my view, one for the collection
6304119046|5.0|There isn't a whole lot that hasn't been said about this film classic.  Needless to say, this is Welles's master work, a benchmark he was never able to better.  What makes this film so remarkable is the way Welles changed the film narrative.   With his interesting use of flashbacks, the story of Charles Foster Kane is a fascinating tale indeed.  Welles was given almost total creativity with this film and it shows.  He worked with some of the best talent in the industry:  screen writer Herman J. Mankiewicz, director of photography Gregg Toland, and a host of great acting talent including Joseph Cotton, Agnes Morehead, Dorothy Comingore, and Welles himself.  Although a critical and financial failure when first released due to its similarity to the life of then living William Randolph Hearst, Citizen Kane has earned its place as one of the best films of all time.  And you won't see a film today with as many interesting camera angles and ceilings!  A great story, wonderfully told, Citizen Kane will grow on you with each viewing.
B000003TA4|1.0|The VH1 Poll only included musicians and critics, so it obviously reflects the herd mentality.  Of course the #1 album would be by the Beatles.  Of course many of the top 10 would be by the Beatles.  And of course among the top 10 would be records by rock's fallen heroes - Marvin Gaye, Kurt Cobain, Jimi Hendrix, etc.<br />This album wasn't any good when it came out, and age hasn't helped. Don't buy the hype.
0790743213|5.0|Alfred Hitchcock goes back to one of his most popular themes: mistaken identity. Roger Thornhill (Cary Grant), an advertising executive is used as a pawn in a game between U. S. and foreign agents. Grant is first mistaken for a American agent named George Kaplan and then framed for murder. The latter event convinces Grant that he is in serious danger requiring him to run for his life. Along the way he meets a mysteriously cool blond (another Hitch favorite) named Eve Kendall (Eva Marie Saint) who may or may not want to do him harm. A wonderful comic romp which has the sophisticated style and polish that you'd expect in the best of Hitchcock films, North By Northwest does not disappoint. Grant is cool and smooth as the ad executive on the run and Saint is terrific as the mysterious blond. As the head of the foreign spy ring, James Mason is properly menacing, as is Martin Landau, his right hand man. Great bits by Jesse Royce Landis as Grant's mother (she played Grace Kelly's mother in To Catch A Thief a few years earlier), a tense Bernard Herrmann score, and enough memorable scenes--the United Nations murder, the plane chase in a field of corn, the Mount Rushmore climax--to fill a dozen films, North is an incredibly fun ride. Any more plot details will just spoil the fun. As with the best Hitchcock films, North is as fresh and sophisticated today as when it was first released.
0316777722|5.0|Can you laugh any harder?!? From the beginning to the end, he does it again with great stories...some of which hits too close to home!  Many of the people, fortunately or unfortunately, sounds all too familiar!  Laughed all through &quot;2&quot;!  (My neighbors think I ve gone mad!)   Great writing, must read a second or third time to catch it all!
B000002MY3|5.0|Since her two records before this, Alanis had found her sexuality , and herself. This record is a chronicle of a woman spilling out  all of the frustration and anger she held bundled up as a teenager. I can't say that any one song is my favorite, but I love &quot;Perfect&quot; (which is clearly autobiographical), &quot;Forgiven&quot;, &quot;You Learn&quot;, &quot;Ironic&quot;, and &quot;Not the Doctor&quot;.
B00000IAU3|3.0|The selling point of this album is her voice. The album doesn't offer anything original and musically isn't great, but she does have a fantastic voice and if that is the type of music you like (strong voice but limited musical ability) then you will probably enjoy this album.
B000002HH2|4.0|I like this record because it's different. The music is an experiment of synthesizers and other things. I heard that Bjork even recorded some of the record with her feet in the ocean! My favorite songs are &quot;Isobel&quot;, &quot;Army of Me&quot;, &quot;Hyper-ballad&quot; and &quot;Enjoy&quot;. I also recommend &quot;Debut&quot; and &quot;Homogenic&quot;.
B000025TI2|5.0|Around the release of this album back in 1985, Paddy McAloon claimed that he was 'probably the best writer on the planet'. He wasn't far off the mark. This album is a collection of beautiful, atmospheric, catchy, moving, thoughtful songs, treated with one of the best production efforts Thomas Dolby has ever done - and that's quite something. I love the entire album, but especially Bonny, Appetite, When Love Breaks Down, Goodbye Lucille #1 and Desire As are worth mentioning. Wendy Smith's simple, soaring backing vocals and Dolby's very personal keyboard sounds suit Neil Conti's crisp drums, Martin McAloon's deep bass and Paddy's complex compositions perfectly. Dolby and the band struck something very special and undefinable on this album that they haven't quite been able to recreate on their following collaborations, which, by the way, are still great. For those with an ear/eye for detail: While this CD doesn't have the bonus tracks included on Two Wheels Good, it has Thomas Dolby's remix of When Love Breaks Down. It's a wee bit more uptempo and with a tighter sound than the Phil Thornalley-produced original on Two Wheels Good.
0380002930|5.0|I had the opportunity to read Watership Down as part of my AP English class not too long ago. This book was mentioned in one of my all-time favorite books, The Stand, and I was intrigued by one of the character's description of the story. After reading Watership Down, I would have to say that this novel is now joins The Stand, among others, as one of my all-time favorites.<br />Watership Down is about rabbits. No, you're not hallucinating, I said rabbits. Yet, as you read, you will find it hard to imagine them as rabbits. Adams describes them as a race rich in heritage and culture, as is shown with the stories of the mystical rabbit prince El-ahrairah that are intertwined in the main story itself. The story is about a small group of rabbits escaping certain death from an excavation project, and seeking a place to call home. They face many challenges, and struggle through many hardships, such as their fight against the oppressed warren of Efrafa, and it's dictatorial leader, General Woundwort. As the story unfolds, one can't help but be captivated by the plight of the rabbits, and intrigued by their decidedly humanistic personalities.<br />Watership Down is a journey through a fantasy world, where rabbits talk, fight, brag, and have many of the same qualities and faults as humans. One may scoff at the subject matter, thinking that a book about rabbits won't hold their attention. To these people I say give this book a chance! After reading it, you will never look at rabbits the same way again, and it's very possible that this novel will become one of your all-time favorites. It certainly is one of mine.
0684853523|5.0|....but the marriage is magnificent - &quot;I know it's none of my business, but....&quot;  Read this book and discover the gift of love and devotion as it exists in the real world.  Congratulations Mr. and Mrs. King!
6301955595|4.0|Alejandro Jodorowsky's take on the psycho killer/ slasher genre is so different, you might not even realize what it is until it is almost over and then have to watch it again to make sure.  But it's gruesome Fellinesque images are just perfect for a horror film marathon. A dutiful son, is the arms for his Saint-like  mother.  He will do anything for her, including murder.  Full of bizarre and disturbing images (some will consider part of the film blasphemous), and sometimes gruesome gore, this is one of the strangest films you'll ever see.<br />Jodorowsky however has crafted a film that does make sense in a traditional sense (though how it gets there is bizarre)  and is not as flawed as El Topo, or Holy Mountain.<br />El Topo incidentally is the father of all cult films, beginning the phenomona of midnight showings in large city theatres with its success in 1970 as a midnight show in a Greenwich Village (NYC) theater.  Legal issues stemming from a twisted personal disagreement between the film producers and now his daughter and Jodorowsky has kept the film out of circulation for years (though it briefly was released on a Japanese Laser Disc where the best bootlegs have been made of the film.<br />Son of El Top was finally made but is now also being held up by legal problems.  Jodorowsky at one time was trying to bring Dune to the screen (many years before the Lynch debacle) and the pre-production work on that project led to H.R. Geiger's drawing which were used to create the sets in Alien.<br />Christopher J Jarmick, Author of The Glass Cocoon - with Serena F. Holder A steamy cyber thriller  Available February 2001
B000002MFN|5.0|Erotica has got to be Madonna's best album!! This album explores every aspect of sex while giving you great rhythm and awesome dance songs... Deeper and Deeper is a reflection of the club scene in the 70's with a twist of the 90's and a great beat... Madonna is one of the most influential artists and this is one of her most influential albums because it showed that women can be sexually provocative...
6300216543|4.0|&quot;Serpico&quot; holds up well today (as do all of Lumet's films).  Pacino is explosive, the story is compelling, and New York comes alive as only Lumet can make it.  The problem is with the score, which is beautiful, but its elegiac nature only fits well with a few parts of the movie, whereas it's been pasted pretty much throughout, regardless of how discordant it is to a particular scene.  Counterpoint can be effective, but the score of this movie just becomes grating, insisting as it does that what we're seeing is not only tragic, but past, when all we want to do is get lost in the excitement of the *now.*
0767821769|5.0|This was truly a heartfelt movie which had a few comical moments and a heart wrenching storyline. <br />     The story begins as the live-in girlfriend, Isabel(Julia Roberts) of Luke (Ed Harris) wakes up late and tries to get the kids ready for school.  Isabel spends a large part of this movie trying to find a way into the two children's lives and to have them accept her as part of theirs.  And of course this is never easy.  The role of Mom(Susan Sarandon) is built as a strong character who has endured her husband leaving her and is trying to raise her kids with shared custody.  She is often characterized as the one who can do no wrong.  The plot thickens as the children and the audience sees Luke wanting to marry Isabel and then their mother falling sick with cancer. <br />      This was a truly outstanding film both because of the actors themselves, but also because it brought the audience so close to the heart of the film.  <br />     I would definately recommend that anyone see this movie, especially if you need a good cry or if you are a parent going through a divorce and/or remarriage.  It may encourage people to be a little nicer to each other and see what a difference it may make to the children who too often get stuck in the middle.
B000002HHB|5.0|I Loved this Cd. I've been dying to get it for a loooong time and it was fantastic. I adored San Andreas Fault and I love Carnival and River. I think that Beloved Wife is a very sad song but it's very good .I recomend this cd to any one. I can't wait to get Ophelia ! I also recomend all of Sarah Mclachlans Cds
B000053VBL|5.0|This is one of Truffaut's very best films.  Truffaut has been dead for awhile now but for several decades, ending in the 1980s, he was probably the most popular French director for American moviegoers newly discovering French film.  One thing that made him so accessible to Americans was that he started out as a movie reviewer and also wrote a definitive book on the work of Alfred Hitchcock.  Truffaut understood what we Americans were drawn to at the movies but could also make it a new experience for us by making it French.<br /><br />This movie is an homage to Hitchcock's work yet also distinctly Truffaut's movie.  The marvelous Jeanne Moreau plays the lead, a woman hell bent on revenging her husband's murder.  She systematically goes after and murders each man who was in any way involved in gunning her husband down on their wedding day. She of course has to get rather close to each man in question to pull this off and she is wonderfully inventive in her methods. Perhaps her best \\"sendoff\\" is saved for last though. Be ready for a great night at the movies with this one as it holds up to the very best of Hitchcock's work.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
6305165912|4.0|The Coen Brothers' Big Lebowski's tongue-in-cheek humor is very entertaining with superb casting especially since some of the roles (like Goodman's and Buscemi's) were written specifically for the actors.  John Goodman is hilarious in his role as a trigger-happy veteran who throws Jeff Bridges' laidback (i.e. stoned) life out of control.  It all begins when Bridges, whose character's name is Jeff Lebowski but prefers to be called 'Dude', gets mistaken for a millionaire of the same name in Pasadena.  A pair of thugs ruin 'the Dude's' rug 'that tied the room together' and on Goodman's insistence Bridges tracks down the &quot;Big Lebowski&quot; to get compensated.  From there the plot gets more and more complicated in strange/humorous ways.  <br />Some of the minor characters include Steve Buscemi as the third wheel of the Bridges/Goodman duo to Flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers as one of the German kidnappers. John Turturro almost steals the show as the child-molesting, hair-net wearing, bowling ball tonguing competitor.  Julianne Moore is very good as the feminist artist who paints nude in a flying harness and is also in the excellent Busby Berkley sequence as a viking woman complete with duo braids and elaborate dancing showgirls wearing bowling ball pins.<br />The DVD has a well-designed menu in the theme of the bowling alley with the cheesy neon stars and lights.  There are bios of the main actors including John Goodman, Julianne Moore, Jeff Bridges, Steve Buscemi, John Turturro, and Sam Elliott (the cowboy stranger), as well as their filmographies.  The special features don't include any deleted scenes but does have trailers and an informative &quot;Making of&quot; with the Coen Brothers.  There are subtitles for English, French, and Spanish but no dubs.  I noticed that the copy I had is slightly off in one scene in the audio and video sychronization towards the second half of the movie. The actors' mouths are moving and the dialogue follows a half-second behind, but it's only the one scene and I don't know if all the DVD pressings are like this.  The DVD features auto-play but first asks if you want to view it in the wide-screen or regular format which is nice.  If you enjoy tongue-in-cheek humor, detective motif films or the Coen Brothers films, I would get this DVD.
0140288503|5.0|This book provides an in-depth look at the conflict that raged within the ragged walls of Mogadishu in 1993. From the time the siege began, through the horrors of the battle, to the concluding pages, this book gives the reader many actual accounts of the action. In addition to the book, be sure to check out the webpage!<br />[...]<br />It is a great compliment to the reporting in te book, and lets you view some actual footage from the conflict, hear accounts from individuals in the action, see the pictures from Mogadishu, and see maps that illustrate the battle as it unfolded.<br />Awesome book and nice website to go with it!
B000050XEI|4.0|When I first bought and listened to this CD, my thought was &quot;This CD sounds like all her other stuff!&quot;  At the time, I would've given it three stars because although there were some really good tracks, there were some average tracks as well.  And also, I was wondering if it was time for Enya to try something different with her kind of music...<br />Well, after two months, this CD really grew on me!  ALL the tracks are excellent!  From the opening title track to &quot;Lazy Days&quot;, you get nothing but beautiful music.  Even though all her stuff does sound the same, somehow, she manages to write hauntingly gorgeous, captivating songs that demand your attention and soothe your mind.  The music also takes you to an imaginary land full of wonder and bliss, if you know what I mean.  I mean, how DOES she do it???  Maybe it is better after all that she stick to her formula.  After all, &quot;If it ain't broken, don't fix it!&quot;<br />My only complaint (like so many others who have complained) is, yes, the entire CD is only less than 35 minutes long.  Then again, quality is ALWAYS more important than quantity!
0792151712|1.0|This is so realistic.  An old lady still deeply in love, with some kid she spent one night with more then 70 years ago.  Does this not make sense to everyone.  I mean she only had a husband and family, 'course she'd still remeber the guy.  Let's see other problems?  Too many horid acting for one (Leo's best sceen was when he looked like a frog sinking down down down...) The only good actor wass the cumputer generated one who bounced off the propellor. Don't waste you time.
B000001FXX|5.0|...ride, Natty, ride; Go deh Dready, go deh'. Although these lyrics are from a later song, they perfectly describe the frenzied greeting that this album received in Jamaica when it was released in 1975. It also received critical acclaim in Europe and although it climbed the album chart in the UK, it still was not the commercial success that either Bob or Island Records wanted. Commercial success is one thing; musically it is considered a masterpiece. It is more focused than previous albums and has great lyrical strength. Most reggae historians see it as Bobs' finest album and I can't argue with, or put it better than the authors of a reggae book (K.Chang/W.Chen) who said - &quot;it was a continuous tour de force in which every track crackles with the energy of a liberated artist free to chart his own creative destiny.&quot; <br />Bob was wailing as a solo act, Peter Tosh and Bunny Wailer having left. Providing harmony in their place were the I Threes - Rita Marley, Marcia Griffiths and Judy Mowatt. The group was most definitely now Bob's, he was up front and centre and totally in charge. The band had also been strengthened. Alongside Bob and the Barrett brothers was Bernard 'touter' Harvey on keyboards, filling the vacancy left by the departure of Earl Lindo. There was also Al Anderson as full time lead guitar.<br />Starting with the fresh sounding 'Lively up yourself' with some serious guitar licks from Anderson, Bob, far from sounding unsure with his new solo career, was at his best. This is a positive and lighter call to action, similar to the first track on the previous album -'Get up, stand up'- but obviuosly much less militant. Bob even has fun with the line 'Reggae is another bag'. Listen to the last lines and the play on the words - 'What you got in that other bag?' Natty Dread has a sense of humour! The album has it's share of old Wailer tunes, revamped and redone - 'Them belly full' and 'Bend down low' as well as 'Lively up yourself'. The hits were the title track, 'Rebel Music' and 'Talkin Blues', which contains one of the most controversial lines of any song, ever - &quot;Feel like bombing a church&quot;. Bob could say this without actually causing harm because he was never seen as an angry dread. His was a voice of consciousness, not a call for revolution.<br />The album is most well known for the first cut of 'No woman, no cry'. This is not a Marley classic or a reggae classic, its simply a classic. A poignant, tender look back at suffering, while looking forward with hope. A perfect summation of where he was at in his career - looking forward with optimism.
B000056HOZ|3.0|As much as I am thirilled to have all of these tracks now on DVD so I can hear the great audio, the video quality is horrible. The whole point of DVD is to have better video quality than on a VHS, this does not.  Excuses can be made for the old concert footage, but even the newest of videos have alot of artifacts.  In the end I will listen to this DVD often, but not watch it anymore. It can not hold a candle to the Beastie Boys Anthology.
B000003N8R|5.0|Without reservation, this is my favorite of all the multitudes of coltrane recordings. I have owned it, along with all the other classics, for 3 years now, and I would estimate that I have listened to WISE ONE over 2000 times, with LONNIE'S LAMENT not far behind. These are very unique compositions, fusing the African rhythms of Jones with the classically oriented piano of Tyner and unbounded range of Coltrane's sax. But this is all secondary - it is the immediacy of the experience I have upon listening to these pieces that is primary. Each is carefully orchestrated and seems to tell a story rather than emit the intense light of raw emotion that you find in CHASIN THE TRANE or AFRO BLUE. For that matter, it is perhaps singular in the Coltrane ouevre, and therefore essential. Do not fret from making this your first encounter with the Trane, it is second to none in its expressive power.
B000001IQH|5.0|I just got this cd for x-mas this past year and i was so happy to have it because i have wanted it for a long time almost ever since i was turned on to Punk rock.  Every song on this album is very good but the best has to be &quot;Time Bomb&quot; which im sure everyone has heard on thier local rock station, other great songs are &quot;Roots Radicals&quot;, &quot;Ruby Soho&quot;, &quot;Maxwell Murder&quot;, &quot;Junky Man&quot;, &quot;Listed MIA&quot;, &quot;As Wicked&quot;, and &quot;She's Automatic.&quot; the rest of the songs are all good too but these are the ones that really stand out.  Rancid resembles a very deep and good punk music that has meaningful lyrics and great music which cant be topped by anyone......ever.
B000002UAX|5.0|This sprawling two disc masterpiece demonstrates the creative potential of human genius.  Three important events happened through the course of history: the invention of the wheel, written language, and The Beatles White Album.  Beauty.
6304994540|4.0|I consider this to be the perfect type of movie to own, because, unlike most movies, it gets better with multiple viewings. It is, first of all, very funny, and it's tough to catch all the jokes on the first viewing. Secondly, the plot is fairly complex and possibly difficult to follow in the first viewing.  Still, this movie is entertaining mostly due to the humor and characters, not the plot. It is not a profound movie, and I wouldn't look deep to find any messages it might convey. It is just very funny, with countless memorable lines.  The only thing I didn't like was the cowboy narrator. I thought his dialogue at the end about the significance of &quot;The Dude&quot; was unnecessary and a bit forced.
B0000524E5|2.0|I'm usually not disappointed with a Bruckheimer film, so this was definately a first.  The plot was cheesy and slow:  All-American, apple-pie, girl next door goes to &quot;The Big City&quot; to make it big in the music business...Meets good-looking orphan who helps her overcome stage fright in the most romantic of ways.  The movie would have been better if it was, indeed, about the women of Coyote Ugly.  The bar owner's story would have resulted in a better movie and a less misleading title.  This movie will most likely be a hit with teeny bopper Backstreet Boys fans and junior high school age boys.
B00004T0US|4.0|Things stopped being light when \\"Moody Blue\\" came out.  Elvis seemed to be in a real depression during the album and it's dark mood makes it seem like that.  This is not the happy Elvis of such hits as \\"Jailhouse Rock\\" but a mature performer doing some songs that are very serious and emotional draining.  The songs are focused on love lost and have a pull toward the melancholy.  Even uppers like country get on the wagon fun of \\"Way Down\\" and it's uplifting gospel seem to big for the room.  The more uptempo numbers like \\"Moody Blue\\" are country in sound and attitude.  It tells of a girl who has irrational mood swings toward her man.  Most of the album is live numbers (in this case they are extra outakes).  They all have a gospel R&amp;B feel and work well as the band is solidly good. The background singers really sell it.  From dour ballads to kick butt country, Elvis aims to please here but might not even know it.    <br />These depressing low numbers are obviously an effect of the way of Elvis felt at the time. This is his most personally felt piece of music.  The songs of love and loss really make Elvis reformed as a torch singer although not in that style.  And with tell tale titles like \\"The Last Farewell\\" and \\"Solitaire\\" (although added extra tracks) you knew this was the ended of an era as well as a rich life.  The booklet really gets into the nitty gritty of the actual album tracks.  It's a fascinating little history lesson on how Elvis no longer wanted to record so the operation was brought to him at home.  <br />This is a power packed set of slower more heart wrenching King songs.  This isn't his standard rockabilly faire, but will be enjoyed by the masses.  It's his last set of original music and really shows the man as a king of Country and even gospel as the songs are all very big and grand. The man will not be forgotten, but this might not be the essential record to remember him with.  I think absolute beginners are best of buying a hits pack or two along with a full record of more fifties era songs.  Still an impressive album.
B00004XQ83|5.0|Being a Coen brothers fan, I had to see the movie &quot;O Brother, Where Art Thou?&quot; when it was released.  It was good, but the music really stuck with me.  So much so that I went... and bought the soundtrack (unusual for me).<br />Usually, I lean towards rock and classical, so the folk and gospel music on the album is out of my comfort range.  I found the music enjoyable and able to stand on its own - the association with the movie is an added bonus.  I feel that I've been introduced to a part of our depression-era history that I'd never experienced.  All nineteen songs are wonderful and have led me to explore folk and gospel further.<br />Get the album and try something different.
0789723107|5.0|I have found my new favorite book. After plowing through a few thousand pages of web design, information architecture and usability texts, I have landed on one that I think flattens them all. DO NOT pass GO, DO NOT collect $200, run (don't walk) to Amazon.com and buy this book.<br /> This book handles some of the more whip-weary horse corpses of usability and web design with a fresh, nearly irreverent tone. It's actually interesting to read for anyone concerned with what makes good sites into GREAT ones. <br />A short read at just over 150 pages, the  author claims it was designed to be read 'on a long flight.' As his wife so clearly says in the introduction, &quot;when something's hard    to use - I just don't use it as much.&quot; The book goes on to show you exactly how to make your site easy to use so people will use it. This is starting to sound like a plug, so I'll stop right here. I mean it though, get this book. Now. Are you still here? Go buy it now!
B000003BF3|5.0|This album is the live album of all time. It's by the greatest rock'n'roll band in the world (Beatles are the best BAND). The Stones are playing awful on this album but it's just the way it shall be, because there's really a lot of energy on this record and it is really the best example on a record to show how the Stones are live in a concert. This album is both my favorite live album of ANY groups, and my personal Stones favorite. BUY IT !
B000001FXV|5.0|Critical acclaim AND commercial success in one album, finally! Bob's earlier albums had achieved one or the other but not both. 'Catch a Fire' and 'Burnin' were well received in Europe, but less so in Jamaica, especially the former. 'Natty Dread' was welcomed with rapturous praise in Jamaica, but had a short life on the UK album chart. Singles from these albums were selling fairly well, specifically 'Get up, Stand up', 'I Shot the Sheriff' and 'No woman, no cry', but still it was only singles.<br />These seven tracks were from a two night concert at London's Lyceum ballroom, part of the tour promoting the 'Natty Dread' album. They would go on to be produced as this album - 'Live' and became Bob's breakthrough - (in Europe, anyway; his US breakthrough came later). The actual set that was played at the Lyceum included 'Slave Driver', 'Rebel Music' 'Kinky Reggae' 'Stir it up' and naturally 'Natty Dread' since that was the promotion. The order of the songs was also different. 'Lively up Yourself' was the last played, before the encores. Listen to the crowd noise - in grateful recognition that they had been part of an event. <br />One of the things 'Live' did was change the rules for all future reggae shows. Previously stage performances were usually simple, staightforward renditions of what was on the album. Not anymore. Bob Marley and the Wailers simply took the album version as a point of reference and then took off, improvising on stage as they saw fit. Stuff that any rock fan was familiar with -  long guitar solos, instrumental interludes, vocal improvisations - all were added to live reggae performances for the first time. Mind you, Bob on stage was something else again. He could get caught up into a rapturous, trancelike experience of the rhythm - head held high, 'locks flashing, running on spot like a Nyabinghi, arm outstretched with finger pointing to Jah. <br />Some of the vocal improvisations that became staples of Marley concerts were introduced here. Along with wailing, Bob uses a throaty, gurgling sound on 'Burnin &amp; Lootin'. On 'Them Belly Full' he repeats lines over and over again with the I Threes keeping him company in a type of call and response singing. On 'Get up Stand up' we get 'Woy-yoy-yoh chants! The harmonies with the I Threes on 'Trenchtown Rock', and 'I shot the Sheriff' are superb. This version of 'No woman, no cry' is the most emotional and beautiful rendition, and the one song persons who were there can recall with crystal clarity, to this day. I wish I had been there.
B00005214X|5.0|&quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; by George Harrison is now a 30 year old album. Current fans of the solo Beatle might find it hard to believe, but in the 70's George was neck in neck with his ex- band mates as far as putting out solo albums. George has been &quot;slow&quot; to release new material in the 90's and beyond, but according to reports this is just the beginning of a re-release onslaught of his catalog (which needs remastering badly)and hopefully a new album later in '01.<br />As far as &quot;ATMP&quot; it was and is George's best solo album to date. The material is so vast and varied, from the big hits &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; and &quot;What is Life&quot; to the &quot;could have been singles&quot; &quot;Beware of Darkness&quot;, &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;, &quot;Awaiting on you All&quot;, &quot;Isn't It A Pity&quot; etc. One must remember that most of these songs were back-logged by George waiting for them to be put on future Beatles albums. As a matter of fact, the title track, &quot;Isn't It A Pity&quot;, &quot;Let it Down&quot; and others were rehearsed by the Beatles in their last year together.<br />The remastering on these CD's is wonderful. The sound leaps out at you and is not &quot;muddied&quot; like the original CD release years ago. Let's hope the millions who have flocked to buy &quot;Beatles 1&quot; find their way to George's masterpiece and that radio will embrace the new &quot;My Sweet Lord 2000&quot; (which is one of 5 bonus tracks here) and welcome George back with open arms.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator, like Braveheart, is about 90% untrue. The Senate wasn't democratically elected (I just discovered this from another review!), it never gained power from the emperors again, Maximus probably never existed in any form, 'thumbs up' meant death, etc.<br />However, for some undefinable reason, unlike Braveheart I was able to set such considerations aside and just enjoy the spectacle. The incredible battle scenes, music that blends really well with the action, Turneresque vistas of Rome, great costuming (it's probably all wrong as well but I for one don't really care).<br />I'm not qualified to give judgement on the performances, but I thought Russel Crowe as Maximus was pretty good. Joaquim Phoenix as the incestuous, patricidal, spoiled-brat Emperor is just fun to watch and quite chilling in his callousness. His use of the Colosseum to keep the people happy has echoes of modern-day propaganda.<br />Definitely up there in my Top 10 films.
B000002UAU|5.0|Although a vast majority of the lyrics to these songs have now been used in every third advertisement and on every second tv shows soundtrack, they are still very fun and clever songs... highlights include Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds and the title track.<br />One for everybody's collection.
B00002E233|3.0|Not a terrible movie, Deep Blue Sea is a decent flick for monster movie lovers.  Special effects are pretty good.  The sharks look a little more realistic than &quot;Jaws&quot;.  The unusual thing about this one was that the storyline was excellent.  That's atypical in this genre.  This was good enough to sit all the way through and had some relatively tense moments.
B000000OA6|4.0|Listening to These are the Days of Our Lives still brings tear to my eyes. Freddie, knowing what is about to happend, sings his loungs out. This was his last working album with his friends and co-workers. But he insists The Show Must Go On. But what is Queen without Freddie Mercury?   This album, released in 1991, has many good songs but also some average ones. But the good songs are somehow so strong that its hard to give this cd only 4 stars!  Standout tracks: The Show Must Go On, Innuendo, These are the Days of Our Lives. GO FOR IT! IT`S WORTH IT.
0375707972|5.0|This book was easy to read and enjoyable, as well as touching.  It grabs at your heart, and pulls you along.  The past is brought back to us in a whole different light.  As much as you don't want to be touched by the story, you just can't help it.  The funny thing is, the author won't ever admit whether this really happened to him in his life or not.  So, it leaves you believing that it did.  He the story with eloquence.
0060975768|5.0|General Moore's leadership style combined with Joe Galloway's journalist attention to detail results in a book that's on a level by itself.  This has got to be the book which all other ground combat books about Vietnam is measured. <br />In the mid-70s I was on temporary duty at Readiness Command (REDCOM) at MacDill AFB, FL.  With me was a Special Forces NCO that told a chilling tale.  As a young man he'd been on a radio in Vietnam listening to the events unfold at LZ Albany.  Toward the end of the engagement and before re-enforcements arrived the North Vietnamese Army soldiers were walking through the elephant grass executing American soldiers.  At the time the location meant nothing to me but imagine my surprise a few years ago when I picked up \\"We Were Soldiers Once...and Young\\" and discovered that was the engagement to which he referred.<br />Of all the events that are described in detail the one that will stay with me always involves the soldiers that have survived and been brought out of LZ X-ray to Camp Holloway.  They're expecting a break for a few days but before the evening is over they're called to go back in and help their fellow comrades that are under fire at Albany.  As they lined up and walk past the permanent party hooches to the waiting choppers the fence was lined with Rear Echelon Fellows who couldn't believe their eyes to see these same guys being put back into the fight.  I'll bet you anything that everyone of those gallant troops will never forget that walk to the choppers.<br />On a technical level you'll gain a great understanding about the foundation of Air Assault in Vietnam as well as give you much more information than the hour program about the 1st Cav and the Battle of Ira Drang which appears from time-to-time on cable television.
B00000G6NK|5.0|Lou Reed's seminal post-Velvet Underground album was produced by David Bowie. Every song is a masterpiece. &quot;Perfect Day&quot; and &quot;Satellite of Love&quot; are two of the most beautiful love songs ever written by Reed. While there are other albums of Reed's that are brilliant, none match Transformer in its narrative thread and glam-rock splendor. The album evokes a period and setting --  downtown NYC in the early 1970s including Andy Warhol's Factory scene and Max's Kansas City -- with wit and humor. Each song is a short story of mood and character. Transformer is as fresh and unique now as it was when it was released. Get the remastered version. You won't regret it.
0553275976|4.0|First off, let me say that this book really held my interest and I enjoyed it (I gave it four stars, didn't I?).<br />Perhaps, though, I should not have read &quot;A Man in Full&quot; first.  There are so many similarities between the two books that I found myself thinking that Wolfe re-wrote &quot;Bonfire&quot; to make &quot;Man,&quot; yet based it in Atlanta instead of New York.<br />Let's see...both books had racial tensions, both concerned lawyers that only looked out for their own interests, both had a strong main character that eventually fell in the end, both involved a lot (and I do mean a lot) of spouse-cheating, both had political figures that were determined to get re-elected at any cost, both had characters that were oh-so-concerned with thrusting out their mighty muscles to impress the women...etc. etc. etc.<br />A previous reviewer stated that she didn't understand why people did not like the protagonist, Sherman McCoy.  Let's see...hmmm...he cheats on his wife, repeatedly...he's a jerk to his fellow co-workers...he has no thought to what the consequences of his actions could do to his young daughter...in short, he generally thinks with the, er, &quot;contents&quot; of his pants.  Granted, Wolfe writes in such a way that you do feel sorry for Sherman at the end, but I think it's important to remember that if he hadn't been cheating on his wife with Maria, then he never would have hit anyone with his car and the whole situation would have been avoided (although granted that would have made for a much less interesting book).<br />All in all, though, even if &quot;Man&quot; and &quot;Bonfire&quot; are similar, one cannot overlook the original genious of &quot;Bonfire.&quot;  Wolfe's descriptives of different types of people (the &quot;Pimp Roll,&quot; for God's sake, to describe how someone walked) and the vicious observations he makes on society and its shortcomings (and believe me, no one is exempt, not even authors) aid in the creation of an intricately woven piece of literature.
B000024D4R|5.0|I actually enjoy this album as much if not more then The Dark Side of the Moon.  It has a sound that is so deep and rich you can get lost in it.  It is a great album to study or read to, if you don't mind dogs barking and pigs squeeling in the background.  If you like Floyd get this!
0151003084|5.0|I didn't know what ennui was until I read &quot;Gashlycrumb&quot;, but now I'm sure I have it! I saw this first in poster form and fell in Love.  Don't get me wrong, I love kids, but don't we all need to bring our darkside into the light?  I have several of Mr. Gorey's books and I'm amazed where I find his art.  Did you know he illustrated the original &quot;Addams Family&quot;?  From playbills to popular catalogs I have enjoyed his whimsical eeriness. From an era when impolite words were whispered  Edward gorey screams of impoliteness without really offending.  Is it your own jaded mind or is something really kinky going on and your missing out on all the fun(read the&quot;couch&quot; book)?  He also illustrated T.S. Elliots &quot;Cats&quot; book that the never-ending musical is based on.  In short, really talented guy.
6302540437|5.0|I love Elsa as a child and I still love her today.  I showed this film to my class for character education. It brought out the sentiments in even my trouble makers!  The movie encompasses a aura of beauty and  unconditional love between man and creature.
0553275976|5.0|In *Bonfire of the Vanities*, pop journalist Wolfe takes a sneering satirical look (from a surprisingly European point of view) at American culture and all of its absurdities and obsessions.  New York is treated as the microcosm of 80s America with all of its fads, rivalries, economic woes and class inequality mixing together uneasily and then exploding.  Sherman McCoy, the supremely irritating central charater, is a fresh-faced adolescent of 38 years who just doesn't get the fact that the world is a harsh, dangerous place--that is until he becomes the fall guy in a politically and racially charged scandal.  Peter Fallow (by far the best character in the book)is a delightfully cynical and misanthropic British journalist who observes the parade the do-gooder activists, slick political manipulators, confused cops, thuggish cops, skeletal society ladies, urban punks, garish architecture, trash culture and trendy clubs with an acid wit and always a few stiff drinks under his belt.   If they ever make a real movie out of this book (the existing one doesn't count) PLEASE get Jeremy Irons to play Fallow. Some people see this book as some kind of right-wing propaganda.  It isn't.  Wolfe, despite his own more or less conservative views, allows the story to tell itself without a lot of interpretation from above.  Each character is a complex individual with his or her own unique motivations and mixture of vice and virtue.  We spend time inside the minds and private lives of a wide variety of people and are allowed to make our own judgements about who deserves what measure of praise or blame.  If there is any prejudice in the book it is against people who simplify complex issues.  Wolfe's world, like the real thing, is brimming with paradox.
B00001NFCY|1.0|creed's my own prison was a good albumn but this is one of the worst that i have ever heard.  Higher was over played on every on radio station in my town.  it is still being played and this song has been out for over a year.  please people don't buy this creed albumn buy my own prison it is 5 times better.
B000001E18|3.0|Zooropa marks a true departure from their typical album for U2.  They recorded the album quickly after their Zoo tour, and the results are much different than Achtung Baby.  Overall, I like this album, but it is not nearly as strong as Achtung Baby.<br />The first half of the album is great.  After the powerful opening of the title track, U2 covers some new ground with \\"Babyface\\", \\"Numb\\", and \\"Lemon\\", and finishes the first half strong with \\"Stay\\".  The second half of the album is where I find disappointment.  I only like two of the songs \\"Some Days are better than others\\", and \\"The Wanderer (with Johnny Cash)\\".  The other songs sound like typical B-side material.  Considering that the album was recorded quickly for U2 (who take a few years to normally record an album), it doesn't surprise me that a few throwaway songs made it onto therecord.<br />If you are looking for a traditional U2 album, I do not recommend that you buy this one--it will disappoint you.  I do recommend this album to any U2 fan that does not own it.  It will give you a glimpse of what the band sounds like when they stretch their sound, and experiment.
B00004SU5J|3.0|Although I have owned this album for months, I'm still not sure what category I should file it under. The elements of electronica and jazz are equally and sumlimely blended on &quot;Tourist,&quot; and to force it into one category or the other would cut out half of the potential audience. Many of the solos on this album are exciting, as &quot;Tourist&quot; contains several talented jazz musicians, but you often get the feeling that the tracks are finished as soon as they've started, for there is rarely any change in the beats, chords, rhythms, or dynamics once a song has begun. After 30 or 40 minutes, this can lend a droning, boring flavor to the album.  However, this fusion of electronic beats with live jazz makes for an exciting combination. Jazz hasn't been made sheerly as dance music (at least not creatively) since the early 40s. After a long hiatus, jazz could be coming full circle back to its hip-shaking hot feel.
B00005214X|5.0|This is what a re-release is all about.  Beatufull remasterd version of george harrisons excellent first album with unreleased new songs and alternative extra new versions of some great tracks make this a great value best ever version of what is a suburb album full of quality throughout.<br />BY GEORGE THEY'VE FINALLY SEEN SENSE.
0804115613|5.0|Review<br />Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe not only captures the heart of readers, it captures their minds. The book is a wonderful perspective on twentieth century life in the south. It not only shows the life of one small family and one small town, but it shows how inspiring people's stories can be to one another. <br />This winding tale of small town Whistle Stop, in Alabama, combines wit, charm and suspense in the story of dozens of characters and their intertwining lives. The book is told in many different view points that show the reader the lives of three women: Idgie and Ruth, who own the cafe and began their lives together in the late 1920's, and Evelyn Couch, the mid-life crisis woman who is listening to their story from an old friend, Ninny Threadgoode. Evelyn listens intently to the struggles of Idgie and Ruth and from them learns to take control of her own life again. <br />Ruth and Idgie obviously struggle to raise Ruth's baby boy after she leaves her abusive home in Valdosta, Georgia. Ruth and Idgie have completely compatible personalities, and together open up the heart of the town (the cafe) to support themselves and their new found family. Evelyn Couch, on the other hand, is trying to decipher what her life is about as she struggles with obesity and self-security. By visiting Ninny Threadgoode once a week she learns about an eventful and secretive past that sends a remarkable and persuasive message. Fried Green Tomatoes is full of suspense and drama and is captures hidden many parts of southern history that unfolds with every page.
B00005214X|5.0|George Harrison's first solo album is finally getting the recognition it deserves as one of the greatest rock albums ever. Full of guest appearances from fantastic musicians like Eric Clapton, Bob Dylan and Billy Preston, it showcases Harrison's excellent songwriting abilities. My personal favorite track is 'Wah-Wah' which features the psychdelic sounds of the guitar pedal made famous by Clapton. 'If Not For You' is a relaxing mellow tune written by Dylan, and 'My Sweet Lord' is an inspired, beautiful hit that even my grandmother loves! The album culminates with the fantasic 'Apple Jam' that includes some excellent guitar work by Harrison and Clapton. I also love 'Isn't It A Pity' which is reprised later on in the album in classic 'Sgt. Pepper' fashion. Sometimes I get depressed when I listen to it only because all the old vinyl I used to have is ruined. When first released, it was the only 3 record set ever made, a big risk taken by the record company that obviously payed off. This was a feat that was not accomplished again until Prince released his 3 CD box 'Emancipation' 2 years ago, if I am not mistaken. I read somewhere that the reason George had so much material was because Lennon/McCartney wrote so many great songs, they usually dominated the Beatles' albums so a lot of Harrison's tracks were left out. I am glad that he got his chance to shine and I think that this album is the greatest solo Beatles album ever made. If only Apple would re-release the Beatles' coda 'Let It Be' on DVD, we would see the pressure George was under when he was making this album. I highly recommend this album, it is a must-have that should be in any true Beatles' fans collection.
0449227421|5.0|I have read this book 6 times, that's how great I think it is. This book is on the bookshelf with all my other favorite books. It's a page turner, it's well written, I couldn't put it down. I won't give away the secret of the book in my review; I'll let you find out yourself.  One thing I would like to know--does anyone know of any other good books about twins/clones? Specifically, identical twins.
B000055Y0X|5.0|Could a sane man initiate global mass-destruction?  Can any political system that would destroy all life on earth as it valediction claim the moral high ground, now that we've entered a murder-suicide pact so absolute it even involves all future generations of life on earth?  Liberalism, conservatism, capitalism, communism- they all become moot in the face of extinction.  <br />                                       So we have &quot;Dr. Strangelove,&quot; the movie that dares point out how our drive to destroy ourselves just might be some sort of twisted outgrowth of our libido.  Hardly a moment goes by in this film without sexual text or context.  Even the two bombs in the B-52 (named by its crew, &quot;Leper Colony&quot;) are scribbled with what were then considered come-on lines.  Deranged Gen. Jack D. Ripper (Sterling Hayden) has sent his air wing into the Soviet Union because he felt a &quot;loss of essence&quot; during the &quot;physical act of love,&quot; and is certain this is caused by flouridated water.   <br />      Peter Sellars plays three roles, wimpy President Muffley, RAF Group Captain Lionel Mandrake and the title character, the bizarre, wheelchair-bound not-so-former Nazi advisor to the President.  The awesome George C. Scott turns in a marvelous performance as Gen. Buck Turgidson, who has difficulty hiding his enthusiasm for Ripper's plan. <br />       But the revelation here is Hayden (veteran of many a manly role), playing a character so concerned with losing his virility, he sets the world on course for an explosive and very final climax.  Hayden's performance is a masterpiece of subtle derangement- no drooling or chewing the scenary.  Watch for Sellar's reaction when he realizes Hayden's burly, muscular symbol of American power, in his medal-bejeweled Air Force uniform, is completely, irretrievably round the bend.  It's a moment of pure, comic horror.  <br />      Sellars' characterization of Dr. Strangelove is the epitome of the post-nuclearman as monster.  He's completely comfortable, almost gleeful, when talking about mass-murder as an abstraction and a political expediency.   <br />                                    Beautifully filmed in black and white (which gives it a certain Cold War veracity) and featuring some impressive sets and effective, documentary-style combat footage, &quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot; is one of Stanley Kubrick's finest films, uncompromising as it condemns hubris and macho posturing on all sides.  And it does it with a weapon hopefully more effective in the long run than A-bombs and H-bombs.  Humor.  <br />      Watch for Slim Pickens as twangy-voiced Maj. &quot;King&quot; Kong:  his final scene has become iconic, and will remain in your mind for days.  This movie also features James Earl Jones' movie debut, and yes, even then he had that impressive voice.
0790730960|5.0|&quot;Batman Returns&quot; is the sequel to the blockbuster &quot;Batman&quot;.  Though not as good as the first one, it is still highly entertaining, dark, and gothic.  This movie takes place during Christmas time so Gotham is covered with snow... scenes of the city scape at night looked dreary and mysterious, which I really liked, because this is how Gotham suppose to look like.  Tim Burton did an excellent job in setting the mood with the gloomy back-drop.  In this second installment in the Batman movie series Penguin(Danny Devito), and Catwoman(Michelle Pfeiffer) team up to destroy the Dark Knight(Michael Keaton).  Michael Keaton like the first movie, played Batman/Bruce Wayne very well.  Danny Devito really made the Penguin seem scary, which is what I expected.  Michelle Pfeifer really made Catwoman very 'yummy', no complaints here.  In other words, their depictions of these comic book characters worked really well.  I'm saddened to say that this is the last gothic Batman movie in the series, the other two, &quot;Batman Forever&quot; and &quot;Batman and Robin&quot;, doesn't live up to my expectations for a Batman movie.  I hope if they make another Batman movie, which I doubt after seeing &quot;Batman and Robin&quot;, they would hire Tim Burton and Michael Keaton again... This movie and the first one are adult oriented, so it should be viewed mostly by mature audiences, unless you are a die hard Batman fan like I was.  Anyway watch &quot;Batman Returns&quot; it's a cool movie.
B00005214X|4.0|This remastering with extra tracks of George's 1970 masterpiece is a delight to the ear.  Sonically, it's never sounded better, with no hiss and plenty of high end to really bring out the beauty and detail of Phil Spector's lavish production.  Some of Harrison's best songs turn up on this album (unsurprising, since he'd been saving them up for several years when John and Paul decided they weren't worth recording as the Beatles).  &quot;I'd Have You Anytime&quot;, cowritten with Bob Dylan, is a beautiful ballad with a heartbreakingly gorgeous guitar solo.  &quot;Isn't It A Pity&quot;, which shows up twice, is an epic in the spirit of &quot;Hey Jude&quot;, with plenty of strings, guitars, drums, horns and lots of backing vocals.  &quot;What Is Life&quot; cooks, with a riff and arrangement similar to &quot;Day Tripper&quot;.  George's version of &quot;If Not For You&quot; beats Olivia Newton-John's any day.  Then there's the (in)famous &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot;, which still is an improvement over &quot;He's So Fine&quot; in my book.  Not to mention &quot;Beware of Darkness&quot;, &quot;Let It Down&quot;, &quot;Run of the Mill&quot;, &quot;The Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp&quot; and the title track, all classics.  The original Side Four (beginning with &quot;I Dig Love&quot; through &quot;Hear Me Lord&quot;) is a bit weak, and the &quot;Original Jam&quot; instrumentals (which used to be the &quot;Apple Jam&quot; LP) are *very* weak--you'll listen to these once, maybe twice, unless you're a guitar nut.  But on the whole, this is Harrison's finest achievement.  The bonus tracks are well worth the reinvestment, too, with &quot;I Live For You&quot; a lovely country-flavored ballad that could've replaced &quot;I Dig Love&quot; on the original release.  George's remake of &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; is a treat, too, although it shows that his voice has become a little worn with age.  His liner notes show he's gotten a bit cynical over the years (he complains about Spector's big production job), but they're still intriguing, if somewhat brief.<br />This release would get five stars except for three problems: 1.  The jam sessions; 2.  The preachiness of some of the lyrics--if you don't like listening to someone sing about God, you're in the wrong place here; and 3.  The packaging.  Despite the presence of some rare and lovely photos, and the new liner notes, the CD's are crammed into two cardboard sleeves, which makes it nearly impossible to remove them without scratching or smudging them.  Also, George chose to colorize and alter the cover photo, with some strange and not entirely pleasing results.  Fortunately, the original photo is included in the booklet.<br />Still, ALL THINGS MUST PASS should probably be the first George Harrison solo purchase for fans.  A real classic, now sounding even better!
B00000K19E|5.0|Matrix has got to have the best special effects that i have ever seen.  The storyline is excellent from start to finish.  The cast was an excellent choice they all played their part well and geled together.  The whole idea of the film got me thinking about what they were saying and got me thinking differently, so it will be interesting to see what the new film will have to offer.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Traffic is easily the best film to be released in the year 2000. There was not much competition, but it did best such favorites as Almost Famous and Gladiator, hands down. This film has everything that a great film needs. It has a story that leads the viewer in many different directions, a director that knows the true elements that go into making a great film, and a cast of stars too long to list. <br />Generally in films such as this, there is one person in the ensemble cast that sort of sticks out for not doing such a great job on acting. Not so on this film. Everyone does a great job, it is just more difficult to find an actor that does a better job than someone else. Benicio Del Toro deserves the Golden Globe for his outstanding job as a Mexican official. Catherine Zeta Jones does a good job as the wife of a drug lord, and the rest of the cast gives hope that there are actually decent actors left in America.<br />This is a film that should be seen by everyone. It tells a great story of the fight against drugs in America from many different standings and different backgrounds. The film never tries to be pretencious or preachy, it just does a great job at opening the eyes of all of those people that do not realize what a problem drugs are. After this film you will look at all the news reports a little differently. Steven Soderbergh deserves all the acclaim he is getting for this film. I can only hope that this film will make some more of Hollywood realize that they can entertain and tell an excellent story all at the same time.
B000056VIY|5.0|Jennifer has once again produced another top album with her new outing entitled Jlo.  The album cotains quite a few songs originating from her roots, with songs like Carino and Aint it funny.  The album also contains the recent UK number one Love Dont Cost A Thing and the fanatastic song Im Real.  This album is a must have for any who liked her last album but wasnt covinced enough to buy it.  This album will convince anyone that Jennifer is here to stay.
B00005214X|5.0|Ive been waiting for a re-mixed reissue of this album for a long time, and they've finally done it. The original All Things Must Pass was an amazing album. However, the poor mixing and buried vocals and guitars really took away from the overall experence of the album. Thankfully, these problems have been fixed, and the album is now that much better. The songs themselves equal anything done by The Beatles, with some very introspective lyrics in some cases. The two real 'hits' on this album are My Sweet Lord and All Things Must Pass, but every song is fantastic. Pick it up.
6304712936|5.0|Amadeus is one of those movies you have to watch again and again to catch all of its subtleties!  Historically accurate, no!  But the performances by Hulce and Abraham are worthy of praise, as is the costuming.  One can not help but to weep for Salieri and Mozart at the same time.  A true joy!!
B000056JYB|5.0|Blind Faith was the band that the title supergroup was first bestowed on.  Comprised of former Cream members Eric Clapton on guitar and Ginger Baker on drums, former Traffic member Steve Winwood on keyboard and former Family member Rick Grech on bass, the group was formed by Mr. Clapton and Mr. Winwood as a way for the two friends to play together.  Mr. Baker got wind of the jam sessions and invited himself in.  The group was never intended to go much past the informal jamming sessions, but the music they were making showed alot of promise.  They agreed to record an album and recruited Mr. Grech to play bass.  Before the album was even released, the band was booked for a US tour and were set to play in large arenas like Madison Square Garden.  At that time, rock bands never played in those 20,000 seat venues, they mostly played smaller auditoriums like the Fillmores.  With all the hype and high expectations for a band that had only been together for about a month, they dubbed themselves Blind Faith.  They played their first show at London's Hyde Park in July 1969 and then headed off to America.  They had almost finished their short tour when their self-titled album was released.  The album was comprised of a mere six songs and showed off the jamming, freestyle leanings of its members.  &quot;Do What You Like&quot; contains a ten minute drum solo by Ginger Baker, but it is actually quite enjoyable.  &quot;Can't Find My Way Home&quot; is a song in the Traffic vein, acoustic based and containing a great Steve Winwood vocal.  &quot;Sea Of Joy&quot; is another extended jam while &quot;Presence Of The Lord&quot; has some great Eric Clapton wah-wah guitar and it has a beautiful lilting melody.  The bonus songs that flesh out the deluxe package are nameless jams that show off the musician's prowess.  &quot;Acoustic Jam&quot; is the best of the these.  The album was a huge success hitting number one, but the band quickly broke up after the tour.  Even though they were only together for a scant seven months, they created some timeless music.ogether for a scant seven months, they created some timeless music.
0671775308|3.0|I believe that this is indeed an interesting book on the lifestyles of true millionaires in the US. However I found it rather disappointing that it advocates that becoming a millionaire means hoarding all your money away for years and never living to actually enjoy it and life. What's the point of accumulating millions in wealth if that's all it does is sit there? I would have found it more helpful if the authors portrayed millionaires who not only had a hold on their finances but were able to use them for their own enjoyment.
B00005214X|5.0|The original cd release of this album was marred by a muddy and hissy sound that took away from the great music.  Finally after years of clamoring from fans, George Harrison has issued a remastered version of his classic All Things Must Pass.  The results are outstanding as the songs sound clear and fresh.  George Harrison was the Beatle who most immediately benefited from the band's breakup.  Mr. Harrison was stifled by the domination of the Lennon-McCartney songwriting partnership and was only allowed a song or two per album.  The songs that did appear, like &quot;Taxman&quot;, Here Comes The Sun&quot; &amp; &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot;, showed that he was an excellent songwriter in his own right.  When it came time to record his first proper solo album, he released an album of electronic noise called Wonderwall in 1968, he had such a backlog of material it yielded a double album with a third bonus disk.  The songs are deeply rooted in the Maharisi's teachings that have been a large part of his life for the past thirty years.  Despite the religious musings, the songs have an upbeat, full sound lead by Wall of Sound producer Phil Spector.  Although Mr. Spector does sometimes overproduce songs, he makes a song like &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; that could have been plodding and ponderous into a soaring affirmation.  Of course that song was a huge number one hit, but others standouts include the beautiful cover of Bob Dylan's &quot;If Not For You&quot;, the nice tribute to fans who hung outside the Apple Records offices, &quot;Apple Scruffs&quot;, the yin and yang of &quot;I Dig Love&quot; and &quot;The Art Of Dying&quot; and the rollicking &quot;Wah-Wah&quot;.  &quot;What Is Life?&quot; may well be the best song he has ever done with it's blaring horns, layered guitars and smooth vocals.  The production is classic Wall of Sound harkening back to Mr. Spector's work on Ronettes and Crystals records.  The last few songs are from a jam session that included Eric Clapton and made up the bonus disk on the original release.  They loose song structures that the band just have fun with.  The bonus tracks included on the re-release don't really add much and the &quot;My Sweet Lord 2000&quot; would have been better left unrecorded.  The cd booklet is expansive and contains many insights from Mr. Harrison himself.  All Things Must Pass was to many a surprise success as they thought that only Paul McCartney and John Lennon would be successful in their post Beatle days.  Not only was &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; the first solo Beatle song to hit number one, but the album also reached the top of the charts and thirty years later still sounds fresh and exciting.Clapton and made up the bonus disk on the original release.  They loose song structures that the band just have fun with.  The bonus tracks included on the re-release don't really add much and the &quot;My Sweet Lord 2000&quot; would have been better left unrecorded.  The cd booklet is expansive and contains many insights from Mr. Harrison himself.  All Things Must Pass was to many a surprise success as they thought that only Paul McCartney and John Lennon would be successful in their post Beatle days.  Not only was &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; the first solo Beatle song to hit number one, but the album also reached the top of the charts and thirty years later still sounds fresh and exciting.
B000002J2B|5.0|So, why should you buy &quot;Wind And Wuthering&quot; by Genesis? Because, in my opinion, it's the best album the band has ever made (and Tony Banks, the group's Keyboard King himself, concurs). This album gives me such a joyous rush every time I play it, no joke. To my ears, it's the band's finest work.Arguably the last album by Genesis to truly carry the &quot;prog-rock&quot; moniker, &quot;Wind And Wuthering&quot; simply amazes. They may no longer have Peter Gabriel's incredible contributions, but the songwriting &amp; musical chops on display here by Tony Banks, Mike Rutherford, Phil Collins &amp; Steve Hackett is still breathtaking stuff, nonetheless. Banks' supreme keyboard work is at it's most shimmering on this album. Rutherford's bass-playing is top-notch. Collins' powerhouse drumming &amp; unique singing is superb. And, in his final album with the band, Steve Hackett conjures up some incredible fretboard work, both of the fiery &amp; the gorgeous kind.The music on &quot;Wind &amp; Wuthering&quot; soars (&quot;Eleventh Earl Of Mar,&quot; &quot;One For The Vine&quot;), rocks (&quot;Wot Gorilla?&quot;, &quot;...In That Quiet Earth&quot;), and also contains some truly beautiful ballads (&quot;Your Own Special Way,&quot; &quot;Blood On The Rooftops,&quot; and the classic album-closer, &quot;Afterglow&quot;), to create a very special musical palette. I love the band's other albums like &quot;The Lamb,&quot; &quot;Duke,&quot; et al, but &quot;Wind And Wuthering&quot; is Genesis at the very top of their game. As I've said, &quot;Wind And Wuthering&quot; also happens to be Tony Banks' personal favorite album with the band. Here's a brief quote from the man himself, taken from &quot;The Book Of Genesis&quot; by Hugh Fielder, 1983:&quot;If anyone ever asked me which was my favorite album, I'd say 'Wind And Wuthering.' It's definitely the most musically complex of all our albums, and it has a mysterious quality to it.&quot;Hear, hear, well spoken Tony. :-)
B00000AD94|5.0|Oh my goodness! Explicit lyrics in The Water! Get those earplugs out, stopper up those auditory canals! Don't want to get subliminally influenced to assault someone or commit demented acts of vandalism! Thank you, Spock's Beard, for providing an outlet for coping with my anger. Whenever some deluded individual cuts me off in traffic or throws a soda can at my car I whip out &quot;The Light&quot; and fast-forward to the expletive-laden notorious song some people find make their jockstraps crimp up uncomfortably. To me this song is cathartic, allowing me to express my little pockets of rage SAFELY, singing along with the alienated narrator in &quot;The Water&quot; who feels persecuted by the world. And I dig the way this profanity-infested gem segues into &quot;I'm sooo sorry,&quot; allowing me a chance to apologize to the unwitting folks I cussed out with the previous tune. Who ever thought an album could be so....therapeutic????
B000050XEI|5.0|Listening to Enya reminds me human life is, fortunately, something far beyond the narrow &quot;cogito ergo sum&quot;, &quot;something that thinks&quot;. Calculate your every day choices, for labour, for money, for being competitive, later or sooner, will make oneself exhausted. This is not life. <br />Thanks to Enya, and every lyric she proposes for us, we can realize more possibilities to our personal life. She proposes, singing, &quot;a moving on&quot; process, from a too selfish, too rational, too &quot;pleasure - non pleasure&quot; style of living to another thing, to another kind of living, without so much calculus, whitout so much individualism, with a lot more of positive emotions and insights.<br />This is the most important contribution artists can offer to non-artists in a open society. Just listen to her music, and judge yourself.
0316777722|5.0|Great reading!  Many of the people he writes about seem all too familiar (fortunately or unfortunately).  I was laughing so hard my neighbors think I was hitting the nitrous oxide a little too hard! From the Carolinas to Normandy, he just points out how funny we humans really are and can be!
B00000IAU3|4.0|This album is a thrilling &amp; glorious surprise. I bought it- as did many others- solely for &quot;Here With Me&quot; &amp; &quot;Thank You,&quot; but this album has far surpassed my expectations. A blending of sounds from Sarah McLachlan to The Cranberries, &quot;No Angel&quot; is not only a musical enjoyment, but a lyrical one as well. Introspective without being morose, strong without spewing venom, her words are as thoughtful as the catchy tunes that carry it. <br />I have been listening to &quot;No Angel&quot; rather nonstop for a week now &amp; like with many great albums, I keep finding a new song I decide is my favorite, only to find yet another the next day. <br />Truly, truly, truly good. I am so pleased with this purchase. :)<br />I highly recommend. (FYI: I would give 5 stars, but I reserve such ratings only for my most favorite &amp; long standings artists)
B00004W55E|5.0|This CD is it!  From the beginning to the end - track 1 to 11 the sista has done her thing and I agree with her &quot;Can I be me&quot;(track 1).  It has been a looong time since I have been able to listen to a CD from beginning to end and not even get offended if it starts again.  That is if I can stop replaying my songs!  &quot;I gotta go&quot; track 5, best breaking up song I have ever heard. And what a way to end the CD &quot;I can explain&quot; track 11.  no words!  If somebody can top this (besides Rachelle herself) I'll buy one for everyone I know!  That is alot of people!  Keep on doing what cha doing!  God has given you a voice I must experience everytime I get the opportunity!  You and your musicians please don't part.  This is clearly something that works well.  I sooo look forward to hearing this live!  Awesome just doesn't do justice to this masterpiece!  Much love to you sista, Russ and the band!
0380002930|1.0|I had to read this book in the 6th grade because I was in the &quot;gifted&quot; reading class and I was so sick of it after the very first page!  I can't believe the author wasted so much time writing this book!  It is VERY boring, just rabbits describing how great the grass is. VERY BORING
B000056VIY|4.0|This is an excellent CD, and her top hit song, My Love Dont Cost A Thing, is an excellent song, and a very good high beat song to dance to.Once I got the CD, I could not believe how good it was. Her other CD's are good, but this one tops it off. (It is one of my favorite top five CD's on my shelf. I have 146.) Go Jennifer! The songs have excellent lyrics, you can't pull away from catching on! They are excellent lyrics, and as I said, you can catch on and learn them very fast. I would give her CD 4 stars out of 5 because it is not the best in the world, but it would deserve an A-. I would still reccoment that you spend how ever much money you have to, and ge the CD. It is excellent, and she is topping charst!
B000056VIY|5.0|Simply an amazing artist!!!<br />The Latino Babe has done it again!!!  A fabulous combination of up-beat and romanticly paced music, capturing the essence of life and emotion.  J.Lo is Jennifer Lopez at her finest!  Truly expressing herself through this inspiring album, Lopez has simply done it again.  Love Don't Cost A Thing, struck a cord in me.  The lyrics capture the reality of some real life relationships.  The meaning of this song, when you want something more out of life and a relationship, and you find the courage within yourself to let go and take charge, inspired me and made me realize that you can't let yourself be walked on by someone else, especially your LOVER!!!  <br />This album is a masterpiece, and inspiration for all women.  ENJOY!!!
B0000047CX|5.0|I have been noticing lately a series of CDs modestly entitled &quot;Now THAT's What I Call Music!&quot; ...Oh, REALLY? Who wrote those words- a tone-deaf 13-year old? No, thank you. I don't consider The Hit Parade of Hell &quot;good music&quot;. Now what I call good muisc is &quot;Getz/Gilberto&quot;, the now-legendary album recorded in the early 1960s, which introduced &quot;The Girl From Ipanema&quot; to the world at large. &quot;Girl&quot; became a near-joke when everyone short of the Ayatollah Khomeini covered it, but that's what happens when something is so overwhelmingly popular. &quot;Getz/Gilberto&quot; is a gem-it transports the listener to another place (where the place is  is the listener's option)-whether it's a quiet beach, a blue lagoon, another planet, what have you. There are REAL musicians playing REAL instruments, and REAL people singing. And while Astrud Gilberto's singing is sometimes flat, it's still REAL. This is music with soul, emotion, and introspection. It's for ADULTS. And this remastering of an already beautiful album is what I call &quot;good music!&quot; If you already own this CD, you are not disappointed. If you don't own it, what are you waiting for? Hop on the Bossa Nova boat to paradise!
6303921248|5.0|This movie follows the story line of Jane Austen's book almost precisely.  It leaves almost no detail from the fabulous book out of it!  This is the type of movie that one can watch over and over, and never grow tired of it!
B000002X2B|5.0|I was 19 when this album came out.  I was angry with the war, the government and authority.  I dreamt for the day when we could take off, leave it all behind and live in peace.  Unfortunately, this was only a state of mind.  I love this album because I still feel this way.  Leave us alone and let us be.  I still carry on this tradition of fighting as an Animal Rights Activist and ethical vegetarian.
6305268843|5.0|After watching scores of terrible films, I was beginning to believe that there is little hope for the film industry.  This film, however, is truly brilliant.  Even the most hard-core critic will have a difficult time deconstructing this masterpiece.  As for the acting, Sophie Marceau and Stephan Dillane give stirring performances.  Dillane is such a great actor.  After seeing his performance in &quot;Welcome to Sarajevo,&quot; I knew that &quot;Firelight&quot; would have a high calibre of acting.  This film will go on my movie shelf as a &quot;keeper.&quot;  Moreover, the premise of the story is very interesting.  Set in the early to mid nineteenth century, Charles (Dillane) engages Elizabeth (Marceau) in what he considers to be a purely &quot;business&quot; transaction.  Because his wife is invalid, he proposes to spend three nights with Elizabeth in order to impregnate her so that he might have an heir.  However, Elizabeth cannot keep her part of the bargain.  Even though &quot;Miss Louisa&quot; was conceived during the time of firelight, she cannot forget the daughter she gave birth to.  After seven years of searching, she finally finds her daughter and manages to obtain employment in Charles' household.  This film is so touching because it explores the bond between mother and child.  Just as Elizabeth yearned for her &quot;English daughter,&quot; her daughter yearned for her mother - a gap, which no father can fill, no matter how much love is given.  Finally, in addition to a wonderful script, superb acting and great cinematography, there is a happy ending.
B00004YRQA|5.0|PS2 memory card is excellent. It saves as fast as a  bullet, it's small, and durable. I have it for a quite longue time and it doesn't made anything wrong. If this memory card gives you any trouble, you don't know how to use it (or treat it) properly or it is &quot;cracked up&quot;. Any way, it is the bes memory card for PS2 right in this moment. Buy it, or regret it
6305622930|5.0|I've watched Patton several times before however it was mostly on the Pan And Scan video versions.  I was just amazed at what I was missing when I finally got the widescreen version of this movie.  They did an excellent job of bringing this film to DVD.  The sound is fantastic and the picture clarity is top notch. This movie is certainly one of the best movies out there.  As for people who say this movie slams the British and is historically inaccurate they're wrong.  One of the main advisors for this movie was General Bradley and it was almost lifted word for word out of his book.
B00000K19E|1.0|I got into an argument about this movie with a friend's daughter.  I said it was so bad that I was not able to watch the entire movie after several attempts- it was just too boring and trashy. She's only 18 and ignorant, me 42 and wise. She was required to write a paper in college comparing this movie to Blade Runner. She of course trashed Blade Runner and loved Matrix, which is another story. Therefore to win the argument, I had to force myself to watch the thing, and what a terrible experience it was to watch it all the to the end. Some thoughts... 1. Terrible plot if you can understand it which most of us don't know what is going on. 2. Acting is terrible and forced. The characters are not intriguing and definitely not memorable. 3. Fighting scenes are a joke and worse than the typical B karate movie. 4. Gun battle are again, a joke. Why do they always think one guy can out battle an army with M16's? They can't. 5. Love scene? Where did this come from? There was no development for the eventual love scene, straight out of left field.  6. Music score is terrible and not one interesting song. The final two songs are disgusting and an insult to my being. One rap and the other some kind of heavy metal trash. <br />Why this movie is liked by millions of people is a great mystery to me, except they can't or don't know quality. Save your money and buy the Blade Runner Director's cut, which is a true art form. If you are 16 you may like the movie for some of its special effects which are just typical in today's standards.
B000056VIY|5.0|I went and bught the album as soon as stores opened early this morning cause im a big Jennifer Lopez fan. I came home and listened to the whole thing and the album was great, its seams she put alot of work into this album then she did on the 6, but it is great also. She has some real booming tracks on this cd, and overall its just a real good album!!!!!
B000000993|5.0|Bands like Kiss, Guns N Roses and Metallica may have invented heavy metal, but Tool perfected it. With their dark guitar riffs, pulse-pounding beats, the sheer genius in each song, and Manyard's awesome voice, Tool makes Metallica look like Blink 182. There's some awesome songs on here, like Sober (one of my favs), Intolerance, Prison Sex (don't ask me how they got the title), and Swamp Song are the more interesting songs. Personally, I think Aenima is the better of Tool's two full length albums, but this one's for people who were put off by Aenima's length. <br />Also, if you're thinking of buying this one, I should warn you that Tool's not for everybody. It'll take some getting-used to.  Even hardcore metal fans of bands like System of a Down or Rage Against The Machine will be a little put off by this, as well as fans of Manyard's other band, A Perfect Circle will be a little confused between the two as well. So if you want to experience real metal, not rap-metal/emocore/nu-metal (or whatever the current buzzword is), ignore Limp Bizkit and Korn, and give Tool a try.
B000051VWW|5.0|I love Sade!!  I have all her music and videos.  She tells a story in all her songs and she has something good to say all the time. Her new cd Lovers Rock is another master piece of Sade.  All of her tracks on this cd are great. If you are a Sade fan I would tell you to go and buy the cd and you will love it!!!!!
0792101448|5.0|This is one of the most beautifully filmed films of all time and to see it on a tape that is not in the letterbox format does not come close to doing it justice.  The only way that I have been able to see this wonderfull film in letterbox is on AMC, but AMC has not played it in months.  The other option for people to see this in a letterbox format is to go to an auction service and buy a laserdisk player and the laserdisk of the movie.  I hope that whatever company has the rights to release this film on dvd does it right.
B0000029GA|5.0|I wrote a different review so I'm hoping the other one won't be posted after this one, since I changed my opinion about the album. Now..<br />I think Illmatic is a good album, I just think its EXTREMELY overrated. Nas is my favorite MC, but still, i don't consider Illmatic to be the &quot;best album of all time&quot;.. a lot of people just say that so they'll seem more &quot;Hip Hop&quot;. It's a stupid trend. &quot;Ny State Of Mind&quot;, &quot;Life's A *****&quot; and &quot;Halftime&quot; are probably my favorites from this album (which has great delivery/flow and lyrics), but I Am happens to be my favorite. Nas' other work is excellent too, I wish people would give Nas' other albums a chance and get off the Illmatic bandwagon because this album is good, but NOT as good as people say it is.<br />So if you haven't heard either, then please don't listen to what people say, listen yourself and then decide. This album is worth the money.. no doubt.. it's tight, I think at least half the productions/beats are stupid, but it's still tight. But keep in mind that it's still OVERRATED.
0399146253|3.0|I hate to say it but, this book was about 150 pages too long.  The ending seemed rushed and I felt that there were loose ends left intentionally dangling so the next book could 'prologue' another wistful memory section.<br />Please Ms. Cornwell,  we know the good doc's niece is lesbian (with a new lover for each book - or so it seems), she loves to cook Italian and suffers more angst than a real person ever did.  Move on and get to the story.<br />To her credit, Cornwell did a masterful job of weaving the tale after she stopped rehashing the past and telling us how to make Italian dishes.<br />It might be time to read the reviews and/or wait for the paperback on the next one.  I hate that.
B000008GEF|4.0|At the time of release, I had mixed feelings about this album.  Give Me Love was a fine song and single, but didn't move me like My Sweet Lord or What is Life did.  When I bought the album, I was definitely let down.<br />In retrospect, however, this is one of Harrison's finer accomplishments.  Compared to what came after (Dark Horse and Extra Texture), it is a masterpiece.  The songs and production lack viceral energy, and side 2 particularly bogs down in slow, preachy songs.  But the album does have a unity, and at least the songs seem complete and assured, unlike the songs on Dark Horse or Extra Texture, which lack focus, melody and a strong singing voice (the only good songs on those two albums are the singles, Dark Horse and You).<br />Harrison would make a bit of a comeback with 33 1/3 and the self-titled George Harrison, the later being perhaps his most under-rated effort.  But this is the last grasp of the brass ring for George.  After this, his work was not an automatic commercial blockbuster, and it would take 14 years for him to have another top 5 album.  He did have a #1 single with All Those Years Ago off Somewhere In England, a mediocre album carried by that single.  The single enjoyed the popularity it did primarily because it joined the 3 ex-Beatles in a &quot;tribute&quot; to Lennon.  I did not care for the song.  It started life with completely different lyrics; Harrison rewrote the &quot;tribute&quot; lyrics after his label rejected the album initially and Lennon was murdered.  He then asked Paul to overdub his bass and voice on the track.  It felt and sounded forced, unlike McCartney's touching ode on Tug of War, Here Today.<br />At any rate, this is Harrison's personal statement, stripped of the Spector wall of sound.  It certainly exposes Harrison's weaknesses, both as a songwriter and singer.  But it is the strongest work he would do until George Harrison in 1979 and ranks as one of his 4 best releases.
B0000558LN|5.0|I can't believe the harsh reviews written about this movie. I love it.True, you don't have to use much brain to watch it, but it is a true hit in my mind. It doesn't claim to be up for an Oscar. It is a fun-loving, precious, low-key, weekend movie everyone should go see. It has something for everyone. It was so entertaining I saw it 3 more times and had to own it. The soundtrack is so good, mine is almost played out. Don't take anyone's word for it, go see it yourself. You will be glad you did.
B00000DC10|5.0|I was walking through a big chain cd/video store and heard this cd playing. I was blown to bits! It takes a VERY VERY impressive bit of music for me to be taken back at a first listen, but this was definately doing the trick.  I went even one step further to go right up to the counter and ask who this was they were playing and where in the store was it stocked. I wanted it RIGHT NOW !   Of course they were out of stock but I put in a special order. That was three days ago. I have a few days to go before it arrives and i'm itchin to get it!!  I ALMOST NEVER BUY A CD UPON FIRST LISTENING TO IT, ESPECIALLY WHILE STILL IN THE STORE I HEARD IT ! This is the exception. These guys kick the royal ... ! I swear, and I'm from the old school metal / punk era ,  BUY THIS and you will not be sorry.   I'm Done .
B000005IRG|4.0|Thanks to VH1 I was turned on to Television - and I love this CD!  It sounds fresh and comfortable with today's music.  See no Evil and Marquee Moon are the stand-out tracks on this album.  Very good guitar work on this disc.  This is a great album to add to your collection to be sure.
B000056VIY|1.0|What an horrible album. No voice. No sound. No emotions. Just another vehicule for a prefab starlet!
6305428352|5.0|This is a great movie.  Richard Dreyfuss does a great job playing the part of Mr. Holland.  My mother told me to watch it because she knew I would get a good lesson from it.  I watched it and learned that life is not always what you want it to be.  Instead of putting focus on one goal in life, this movie shows that in every little obstacle in life there is something rewarding in it.....it may not be what you wanted or expected, but take it and make the best of it....one day you'll look back and will be thankful for everything that happened......good and bad.  This movie is a great reminder to enjoy what you have.  If you fit into the category of people thinking they should be doing something else with their life or you're not happy with what life is throwing at you, then this movie is for you....it may change your life.
0440219078|5.0|This was an awesome book because it is so interestng from the beginning. It was a real page turner and it told of a perfect community. This book is so good, it almost seems true. You really get to know the characters and start to like them. It is really easy to get into, and you will not want to put it down. Well, in conclusion, it was one of the best books I have ever read and I highly recommend it.
B00001OH7P|5.0|Am I out here on my own with this comment-the sound quality on this &quot;new and improved&quot; 24 remastered version is bright, bright, bright. I own the vinyl in, at least, three different pressings and the CD just doesn't come close. A big disappointment! Having said this, the music is as good as it gets. Just buy the vinyl.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I enjoyed Gladiator so much that I saw it at least 3 times at the theater. This movie is filled with lavish sets and incredible performances... The only thing I did not like about the DvD was the 2 cd set; one CD is the movie and the other is the extra scenes and director commentary. I would have preferred them be on 1 CD.<br />Russell Crowe plays Maximus Desmus Meridius, the Commander of the Roman armies of the North. After a successful campaign in Germania, Emperor Marcus Arellius (played by Richard Harris) tells Maximus that he wants him to be Emperor of Rome after Arellius' death for a short time, only to proclaim the Senate will rule Rome, making it a republic. This news is not good for the Emperors son, Comidus played by Joaquin Phoenix. So what does the son do? Kill the father and ask Maximus to join him. Maximus of course refuses and Comidus commands Maximus' execution (as well as his families). Maximus escapes and races towards his family, but he is too late. Maximus collapses due to his grief and is acquired by a travelling caravan as a slave. He is quickly sold as a gladiator to Proximo (I forget the actor's name) and the games begin. After an intense victory in the Colliseum, Emperor Comidus wants to meet this incredible gladiator (Maximus has a mask on while they re-create the battle of Maxia). Comidus demands Maximus to remove his helmet and after he does, Maximus tells Comidus that he will avenge the murder of his son and wife. There is political intrigue and action gallore. You won't be disappointed.
B00004Z459|5.0|This CD left me speechless.  Every song is amazing.  Their combination of hard, meaty rhythms, and awesome lyrics makes this CD a must have.  This CD kicks butt.
B000003TAW|5.0|As a fellow geek, I was drown to this cd by the cover.  But upon closer inspection Weezer is down right ingenious.  From the quirky guitar to the lyrics about surfing and playing Dungeons&amp;Dragons.  This album is the matle piece for the 90's and should be imortalized by putting it's cover art on Big Ben.
0553106635|5.0|Martin and his Song of Ice and Fire are so awesome that one runs out of superlatives to use. A Storm of Swords, #3 in the series, starts off deceptively slow and then accelerates to leave the reader clinging on for dear life. The writing is taut and the progression gripping.<br />There are so many things to praise - where does one start?  First of all, the size of Martin's canvas (geographic and emotional) is gigantic. Yet, despite the degrees of complexity, Martin has such a sure grip on the story that he never ever lands up in an inconsistency. Given the sheer size of the project and the number of side-plots, this is a terrific achievement. Apart from the 7 kingdoms of Westeros, we have the old Valyrian region, Braavos &amp; Pentos, the Dothraki Sea and scores of different cultures, religions and beliefs. Martin brings each of them to life, describing key aspects that define them, to a depth that demonstrates how much thought and planning has gone into the saga.<br />Yet, despite the width of the story, Martin's prose is good enough for the reader to actually picture the characters and their surroundings. As a reader, you feel as if you are right there in the scene, be it a scene of battle, realpolitik or sentiment. His story too is high on credibility. Unlike traditional fantasy, Martin's characters are neither sickeningly good nor irredeemably bad. All his \\"heroes\\" have their Achilles heel of honor or character somewhere, succumbing to greed or pride, making them attractively human. So also, all his villains (except perhaps Gregor Clegane, Hoat &amp; the Mummers?) display a stray streak of human decency every once in a while. No stereotyped black and white characters here, just many fine shades of gray. The effect is to make the saga infinitely more real in the reader's mind than traditional fantasy.<br />Not only does Martin bring his characters to life, the reader can perceive the characters growing emotionally as the story progresses. It is fascinating to seehow war and unfeeling injustice temper characters who in the beginning were almost childlike in their innocence, to the point where they seem to have grown up while we were watching. Be warned though, it is very dangerous to develop an attachment or preference for any character considering Martin's amazing track record of killing off his cast. Just as you settle on a figure as being central to the saga, boom, he or she is dead. Never have I seen an author so willing to kill off his best creations as this! Bear in mind too that this is not a series for the faint of heart. This is a brutal and wrenching saga, draining the reader and leaving him or her shaken to the core at man's inhumanity. <br />Last but not least, Martin's capacity to surprise the reader is unmatched. Just as you feel the story is settling into a pattern, Martin breaks the mould with an unexpected  twist. But he is totally in control of the story. For instance, I wondered earlier in Book #1 where the dragons fitted in, thinking they were just a token bow to traditional fantasy. My respect for Martin increased many fold in Book #3 where one now sees the looming Armageddon ahead that will pit the dragons against the Others. This is just one instance of how the many diverse pieces in Martin's giant jigsaw, fit seamlessly into a great picture.  <br />A Song of Ice and Fire has all the makings of a classic. Buy it and hold, this one's a keeper.
0783237979|5.0|I've loved the music for this show for years, and have books about the show, but had never managed to go see it. Now it's too late. However, the DVD is the next best thing, and it's arguable that the quality of the musical score in this release beats actually 'being there', for there is a much larger orchestra playing, something that would be hard to do with a real play and still be within a realistic budget. The Dolby 5.1 soundtrack is crystal clear, and well mixed. Visual quality overall is excellent, and the show's performers rise to the occasion and delight you with nearly every action. I have watched this show now many times over, and am sure I will continue to watch it. Further, I'd bet YOU would watch it more than once, too. :) It's wonderful, and one can find themselves wishing to enter this world, even if only for a while. Buy it, enjoy!
B000001F6S|4.0|Back in the late 60's we started seeing rock music change from the 3 minute a song to see bands start stretching out and experimenting with different formats of music. Ten Years After are the perfect example of this. You could tell on this particular album that our boy Alvin loved his blues and jazz to mix with his scorching rock. Woody Herman would be turning over in his grave if he new his beloved 1939 song 'Woodchoppers Ball&quot; was being turned into some of the fastest guitar gymnatics ever made. And speaking of gymnastsics, all of these young sods from England could flat out play. Leo Lyons delivers what I consider STILL the best bass solo I've ever heard, on the opener &quot;I May Be Wrong&quot;. Chick Churchill plays some of the fastest, funkiest organ passages that anybody on the keys dares do. And Ric Lee tears up the skins with a never boring drum solo on the 1935 George Gershwin song &quot;Summertime&quot;. I'm sure Georgy would just love this one. You also get on here, some slow blues with &quot;Spider in my Web. And then what's became a staple of their live shows &quot;I'm Going Home&quot;. The 3 minute song was not on these lads minds when they took the stage. They were too inventive for that. They each had something to say with their instruments. They were young, wild and daring in the beginning. More so than on later live albums. I like this one the best, because you always play better when your hungry.
0525945636|2.0|I really wanted to like this book - the premise of an amnesia victim struggling to find out who he is and what happened to him is, while not a new idea, a fun plot to read.  But the flat characters never develop into people you can care about - and the flip-flopping of time lines to tell the story is awkward. The race for space with the Russians, amnesia, double agents, lost loves, cat and mouse games to stay alive - it's all here but it never comes together.  Maybe Follett should have take a tip from Ludlum and gotten Gayle Lynds to co-write - perhaps then all the potential of this book would have come to  fruition.
0671042858|5.0|This novel is about survival to say the least. When reading this novel, you feel as though you are apart of it. Your heart will go out to this brave little girl as she struggles to overcome obstacles not only in the wilderness, but obstacles caused by family strife and fear. The girls survival through the wild goes far beyond what most adults could ever endure.  Stephen King does another extordinary job creating a story that has you turning back to the first page to read it again!
B00004Z4WR|1.0|Unless you are brain dead or just plain stupid, do not buy this movie!  Save the money, buy a case of beer and watch some re-runs of The Dukes of Hazzard, it will be time better spent and much more intellectually rewarding.  This movie would be a good candidate for Mystery Science Theatre 3000.
B00003CWTH|1.0|Well, that was three hours of my life that I'll never get back. If just one person can explain to me the meaning of the frogs, I'd appreciate it. Cast tries hard and gives some good performances (Cruise is great, I admit, but I've seen much better from everyone else), but the film is just one loooooooong buildup to. . . nothing at all. Skip it. Save your money. I wish I had.
6300184064|5.0|I found 'Brazil' upsetting and nightmarish when I first saw it, but it haunted me into subsequent viewings, because it remains exhilerating and brilliant... not to mention hilarious. The fact that the plot keeps turning inward upon itself: getting more and more complicated, absurd, and hard to keep track of, formally echoes the movie's theme that the evil in society is caused by bureaucratic red tape, and the resultant buck-passing in the realm of personal responsibility. The movie's downbeat tone is nearly always relieved by the hilarity and inventiveness of its exaggerations, and its sheer breathless style and momentum. Plus, we come to really care about Jonathan Pryce's character, which raises the emotional stakes as our interest in his fate heightens --- proving comedy still has the power to shock us dramatically, much as in 'Dr. Strangelove,' whose spiraling mania closely parallels 'Brazil's '. And the use of the 'Brazil' theme music creates much ironic eeriness at the end. A must-see.
B000003TB6|5.0|I bought this album back in 95. I havent stopped listening to it since. I remember people at my school had no idea who The Roots were. I told them &quot;You will soon enough&quot;. Unfortunately it took about 4 more years until the rest of the world found out who these guys were. I have every Roots album (Including the somewhat hard to find &quot;Organix CD) and I must admit this is there best. The beats are hypnotizing. The rhymes are just pure improvinizational masterpieces!! Everything on this album works. In a time when a lot of hip hop is just glamorizing and showboating...its refreshing to hear music like this. Ok I'll stop boring everyone just go out and buy this album  you wont be dissapointed!!!!!!!!!
0140189378|5.0|A great, great, short novel about capitialism, personal relationships, greed, foolishness, life and death. I've read the book many times and laughed and cried through all of them. Highly recommended to you all.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club is honestly the most underated movie of the 90's.  After I first viewed it in theaters I was completely in awe. And then I watched the DVD commentary and it only solidified my belief how layered and complex the movie really, truly is.
B000056VIY|3.0|.. buy JLo. If you're more into slow songs and ballads, you'd probably be better off with her first album. Lopez's upbeat tunes with get you out of a sedentary rut in no time. This album also features songs co-written by her long time partner, Puffy! If you're someone who likes to get down and dance, JLo is a great CD.
0804115613|5.0|(394 pages)- Book Description: Evelyn Couch visits the Rose Terrace Nursing Home to hear tales from and 86 year old woman, Virginia \\"Ninny\\" Threadgoode.  Mrs. Threadgoode grew up in Whistle Stop, a small, railroad town.  The story of Idgie Threadgoode's life is told from Ninny's stories, Dot Weem's newspapers, and first hand accounts told from the time they happened.  Idgie, a tom boy, grew up as the pet of her oldest brother Buddy Threadgoode, the town's sweetheart.  After Buddy's untimely death, no one could console the torn up little Idgie.  Only Big George, son of the Threadgoode's maid, could come near her.  That was until Idgie fell in love with Ruth Jamison, a Reverend's daughter from Valdosta, Georgia.  The story unfolds as Ruth and Idgie grow together and open a cafe in their town.  Conflicts arise throughout the novel, including when a man formally Ruth's husband, Frank Bennett, comes up missing.<br />Review: Fried Green Tomatoes at theWhistle Stop Cafe is a beautiful depiction of the South from the 1930s to present and has an interesting, thought-provoking story.  The short chapters make this book very easy to read and quick to understand.  Chronological order was apparently thrown out when Flagg began.  Concentration and memory prove important as the book jumps from year to year and from place to place.  The story line and characters provoke the reader to be enthralled and amused.  The time jumps keep one wondering and guessing as the book goes on.  This novel deals with death, racism, the importance of every human life, and the kindness in many people's souls.  Flagg did a wonderful job of playing out these character's lives. <br />-Kailyn Derck
630575067X|1.0|This new star wars episode, while showing great photography, special effects, and innovative cinematic techniques, misses what the original series had - a good story, mystery, and as others put it, a sense of humor and that 'spark'.  Although it is worth seeing (although I don't know, it somehow can ruin one's impression of the originals), it definitely doesn't seem destined to be the classics of its predecessors.
0553579908|5.0|I love this series and can't really add anything that hasn't been said.  I just want to let Mr. Martin know in case he reads these that I'm a little baffled by his sudden exploration of hard-core porn in his writing.  I'm not offended but it was a little grating seeing episode after episode of graphic depictions of sex. It's fitting to have plenty of sex b/ I think it fits the culture of his world but it just got distracting for me seeing &quot;those&quot; words page after page.<br />READ THIS SERIES!!
B00000I8BX|4.0|Firstly i can't believe the harsh criticism evident on many reviews on this album. Firstly Obsolete is a far superior album to Soul of a new machine. While soul of a new.. was a polished death metal release that helped Fear Factory into the spotlight it was Demanufacture, arguably one of the greatest metal releases of all time, which moulded Fear Factory into the brilliant and unique metal/industrial force that they are today. While Obsolete is not as consistently brilliant as demanufacture it is still a great metal/concept album which is still far heavier, complex and superior to the majority of metal garbage being released of late. Burton C Bell has improved his singing a great deal from the boring death metal growls from the debut and while some fans obviously do not like his melodic singing it is one of the elements in FF's music which seperates them from all the other bulls**t death metal bands. Individually each Fear Factory member has mastered their instrument, from Raymond's incredibly quick drumming, to Christian's rock solid bass, and Dino's quick and crunchy speed riffs, all rounded off by some excellent state of the art production.<br />The album's opening two tracks &quot;Shock&quot; and &quot;Edgecrusher&quot; (which also includes some great samples and scratches to compliment Fear Factory's watertight and incredibly heavy sound) set the pace for the rest of the album with further standout tracks like &quot;Hi-tech hate&quot;, &quot;Smasher/Devourer&quot;, &quot;Securitron&quot; and the melodic single &quot;Resurrection&quot; (further showcasing FF's continuing diversity). After the official completion of the album we are treated to the digi pack extras. &quot;Concreto&quot;, &quot;0-0 where evil dwells&quot;, and the surprising cover of 70's song &quot;Cars&quot; which despite the critics view is a rare and pleasant change to Fear Factory's normal sound and though it is almsot identical to the original it is still a competent and quite enjoyable cover.&quot;Soulwound&quot; and &quot;Messiah&quot; are also pretty good songs. Overall a solid release well worth your money.
B000056VIY|3.0|yes,it's true.jen lo did it again.she just released her latest album j,lo.i was told that the name of j,lo comes from her name Jennifer LOpez.anyway.the first and the only hit song of the album should be the first track:love don't cost a thing.the song is good,up-beat.when i first heard it,i just assumed it's rodney jerkin[dark child]'s masterpiece.but it's not.this song is still good.nowadays some particular songs like pink's &quot;most girls, destiny's child's &quot;independent women&quot;and this &quot;love don't cost a thing&quot; really try to emphasize that the modern women are independent,not relying on boyfriends' money.material can't bring anything to the relationship.anyway. jen's boyfriend puffy also wrote two songs for her.he also wrote the song&quot;feeling so good&quot; which features in her first album&quot;on the six&quot;&quot;feeling so good&quot; is a good song.positive attitude and very impressive melody....but this time,the two tracks in her latest album&quot;walking on sunshine&quot;and&quot;dance with me&quot;are not as good as &quot;feeling so good&quot;even,dark child's that's the way doesn't really sound nice to my ears,at least by now... jen tries to make the whole album as a party album, unfortunately, the songs are not very impressive.this is my impression to her latest album,even i'm her fan. jennifer is a successful actress and a singer.she's got a sexy voice as well as figure.but what i want more from her is some much better songs.i think.
6303675255|5.0|I say this film is very underrated because a lot of people always knocking this film.I think this movie was very excitng.It has everything like action,drama,comedy and adventure.If you are a true Batman fan you will like this film.Thumbs up for Val Kilmar,Jim Carrey,Nicole Kidman,Tommy Lee Jones,and Chris O'Donnell.
6304696566|4.0|This is a rare beast, this movie: a thinking person's Western.  It's certainly one of the best Westerns ever, but it's also often voted into the top 50 movies yet made, and in some lists even into the top 10.<br />What makes it so good ?   Firstly it's directed by the Grand Master of westerns, John Ford, working at the height of his powers.  He maintains the suspense and longing throughout the film, and creates some achingly beautiful images without losing the drive of the narrative.  The screenplay is by Frank Nugent (responsible for writing another of John Wayne's and John Ford's most successful films, &quot;The Quiet Man&quot;, and for a personal favourite comedy, &quot;Mister Roberts&quot;).  The script is deep and thoughtful;  it single-handedly broadened the focus of the Western genre, by imbuing it with intelligent dialogue and masterful character development (and Nugent's script is still studied in many screenwriting courses for its intelligence and depth of character arcs).  And it was produced by Merian C. Cooper, who with Ford and Nugent was also responsible for &quot;The Quiet Man&quot; and some of the best Westerns, such as &quot;Fort Apache&quot;, &quot;Rio Grande&quot; and &quot;She Wore a Yellow Ribbon&quot;;  his most famous production, of course, was the original &quot;King Kong&quot;.<br />With all this talent around him, with these people he'd worked with so often before (and would do again), it's not surprising that John Wayne managed to summon what many feel is his best performance (personally, I'd rate it equal with his moving role in &quot;The Shootist&quot;).  It marked a turning point in Wayne's career -- prior to this movie, he had often been regarded by the critics as just a cardboard cut-out of an actor, who was nothing if he didn't have a gun in his hand.  With &quot;The Searchers&quot;, he became an actor.<br />Personally, I would rate the technical aspects of this film much more highly than Amazon has done.  It's true there is a certain softness to the image, which is typical of technicolour films of the period, but the video transfer is very pleasing indeed, and the master it was taken from is almost flawless.  (There are a few flecks in the image on occasion, but they are tiny, and I've seen far more in first-run prints of modern films at the cinema.)  The sound quality is limited to what was recorded at the time (I'm not a big fan of digital remixes of old movies), but the dialogue is always clear and balanced, and is provided in Dolby Digital mono at quite a high bitrate.  I'd give the disc at least a 3.5 rating for both video and audio.<br />This is a great movie, with a very thought-provoking ending.  I would recommend it highly to those who like thoughtful and engrossing drama, even if they aren't fans of the Western genre.
B000002H72|5.0|There will never be a band quite like the Pixies ever again. Oh sure, Nirvana used thier dynamic and went on to bigger things (with Kurt Cobain always giving props to this band, as one should) However, the Pixies were one of the first true alt rock bands,even though thier sound was still categorized as punk, post-punk, or just plain wierd. And this album (and thier prior release, the beautifully disturbed &quot;Surfer Rosa&quot;) cements the fact that they were way ahead of thier time. The album starts of with the frightening &quot;Debaser&quot;, a song about a fairly obscure Salvadore Dali film having to do with &quot;slicing up eyeballs&quot;. It then moves on through the just scary &quot;Tame&quot;, the beautiful &quot;Wave of Mutilation&quot;, and then slams us head first into the pure pop wall that is &quot;Here Comes Your Man&quot;. After this the songs get stranger, with the reggea dub of &quot;Mr. Grieves&quot; to the full throttle punk of &quot;Crackity Jones&quot;. The entire spirit of the album, in fact the entire spirit of the band can only be summed up in a line from &quot;This Monkey Gone to Heaven&quot;, &quot;like ten million puonds of slush from New York and New Jersey, this monkey's gone to heaven...&quot;
B000050FEN|5.0|I saw this movie several years ago when it first came out. I knew, eventually, I was going to buy the DVD.  Once I found out the platinum series was coming out I ordered it immediately. <BR><BR> This DVD comes with two disks; one the movie itself and two the supplemental materials. The first disk, the movie, has the widescreen version which was re-master from the original negative.  If you haven't seen the movie this is the perfect opportunity to see it.  The second disk, supplemental material, is more interesting.  See the deleted scenes and extended takes, the animated storyboards of alternating endings, as well as, commentary from the director on the various scenes that he likes. I do not have a DVD player, but I do have a DVD-ROM player on my computer which can connect to my TV. I found at this experience and user interface was quite satisfactory.<BR><BR> As I said in my subject title this is a great movie and documentary. <BR><BR> How fun watching.
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|Clint Mansell is about as fresh a face as you can hope to find in the world of film scores, and yet with only two pieces of work under his belt (the other being the score for the 1998 film \\"Pi\\" also by Requiem's Darren Aronofsky), he is fast becoming THE preeminent scorer of the new millennium.  A former member of the experimental band Pop Will Eat Itself, his work reflects the unavoidable influence of electronica, which popular music has already underwent, and transcends the novelty of sampling, scratching, and sequencing as a backbeat for ravers rolling until the wee-hours.  Mansell combines originally scored music played by the exquisite Kronos Quartet with all the hallmarks of ambient and trance electronica to create a fresh and bold approach for scoring a film in the modern era.  The results hearken back to Wendy (Walter) Carlos' score of \\"A Clockwork Orange\\", especially Carlos' Timesteps, in that it pushes takes the essence of classical scoring and thrusts it forcefully into the era of computerization.  This score, along with Mansell's work on Pi, and the Dust Brothers' fantastically sublime score of \\"Fight Club\\" foreshadows the influence computerized music will have upon the realm of motion picture scores, and it hints at the possibility of a brave new world.
B000056VIY|4.0|i thought this cd was a differemnt style for jenifer lopez considering she did such an outstanding job in, on the 6, if you love hip-hop, r+b ...buy this!!!
B000007T1M|5.0|This album is one great piece of work it has heavy rifs and vocals yet silly at the same time I really luv it everytime I play it wich is often I never turn it down... And if you like this type of music also check out Dog Fashion Disco..... album out march 6th very system of a down like so my advise to you is to buy system and check out the dog fashion it will be worth your time. thanx
B00003CXE6|5.0|I have just a few things to say. Stunning.  The CG in this blasts Titanic out of the water. Where in Titanic you can tell where the real people end and CG begins, I was stunned to find out that Gladiator had CG. I liter5ally could not tell. As a computer arts major, I pride myself on being able to critique the cg, beind able to tell when they haven't used enough layers to make it the CG look real, or whether the peopl in the background aren't quite as smooth as they could be. Gladiator stuns and mazes you with not just a brillant story , but Ripley Scotts legendary amazing viewpoint and telling of Maximus' story and the landscape surrounding him- reminiscant of Bladerunner's majestic run down dark city it's run down hero, Decker.<br />It's a movie worth it's cost and is somethign to be watched along with Spartacus and Ben Hur. Just Glorius.
0140067477|5.0|I grew up with Winnie-the-Pooh, so the topic is familiar. Combining the venerable Pooh with the Tao was a great idea and Hoff pulls it off very well. There are two classifications (to my mind) of &quot;The Tao of...&quot; books: one is poorly thought out and the other is very enlightening. The Tao of Pooh is in the latter group. In other words, the ideas fit together and one simultaneously gets new insight both on Pooh and the Tao.
B00005214X|5.0|Not only is this the best album from an ex-Beatle, it ranks with the masterpieces such as Love's &quot;Forever Changes,&quot; the Beatles' &quot;Rubber Soul,&quot; and the Beach Boys' &quot;Pet Sounds.&quot;<br />Throughout the album, George sings of his relationship with his God, but never comes off as sanctimonious. Such is especially true in the lyrics of songs like &quot;I'd Have You Anytime&quot; and &quot;What Is Life.&quot;<br />Other highlights on an album with no bad songs: &quot;Apple Scruffs,&quot; George's tribute to the Beatle fans who always hung aroung the entrance to the Abbey Road studios; &quot;My Sweet Lord,&quot; George's acoustic hymn that features the chord progression of &quot;He's So Fine&quot; that Harrison unwittingly borrowed (to his later chagrin).<br />For those not familiar with Harrison's music, this is the key to see what lies &quot;Beyond That Locked Door.&quot; &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; is an essential album in any rock music fan's collection.
B000002AV5|5.0|The Best of Sade is like swimming in a calm, cool lake.
6305358613|2.0|*Elizabeth*  is, as the Reviewer of the Day correctly noted, *The Godfather*  in tights.  In place of Al Pacino's Michael Corleone, we have Cate Blanchett's young princess Elizabeth, and the movie traces her gradual hardening into glittering, ruthless Queen of England.  Except that the movie doesn't really do this gradually; it foists the change upon us in a series of unconvincing set-pieces.  Early in the film, the Princess is a frolicsome young thang, and it would seem, no virgin.  Joseph Fiennes'  young nobleman is unequivocally her lover.  So far so good, and pointlessly revisionist.  But whatever.  Later she's an imperious young queen who, unaccountably, now spurns her former lover.  (Unaccountable because history tells a much different story.  As a result of too much dramatic license, Shekhar Kapur's film is often rendered incomprehensible.)  At the end, Elizabeth glides across Westminster Hall, apparelled like a really haughty mime.  None of it makes much sense.<br />Nor does the court intrigue.  I've seen this movie twice, and perhaps I'm dumb but I still don't quite understand the details of the Duke of Norfolk's  (?)  plot to do away with Elizabeth.  There are vengeful monks, poisoned bodices, and Geoffrey Rush's Walsingham, whose role in all this is rather unclear.  And who is Norfolk  (am I getting the name right?)  sleeping with?  Mary Queen of Scots?  Or someone else?  Did I miss something?<br />There's a gratuitous amount of erotic heat in  *Elizabeth*  coupled with a deplorable lack of clarity.  You know something?  Considering how well-documented this time-period is in English history, I find the lack of concern for historical accuracy pretty annoying.  The fascinating materials are already there; why invent?  For a more absorbing take on this stuff, I recommend the miniseries  *Elizabeth R*  starring Glenda Jackson.
B000002P5W|5.0|The world is an odd place, and music can be as odd.  Take Axis, which is a great album, and takes from so many musical styles, that it is hard to explain the CD. It starts out with the bizzare EXP.  The funky Up from the Skies, is great, Spainish Castles is a heavey metal song, and is one of my favorite.  Wait Until Tommorow is a hard song to describe, it is just one of those songs that takes from alot.  Really this CD is a funk with some rock, and some blues. Then comes Ain't no Tellin' which to me sounds alot like a Willson Pickett song, rather than a rock or funk song.  Little Wing comes next, and it is a song that is moveing and sweeping, but I like, as much as I hate to say it, some of the other songs much better.  Axis then moves into If 6 was 9, is pretty cool, and is the Punk or any counter cultures anthem.  You got me Floatin' comes after If 6 was 9 and is another funky, rock song.  Castle made of Sand is such a moving song, I think it is more moving than Little Wing.  She's so Fine is one of my favorite songs on the CD, it is sung by Redding, and sounds like a Who song.  Seriously it does. One Rainy Wish is wonderfull, and I love it.  Little miss Lover is a rock and funk song, its pretty cool too.  Bold as Love is to me the pinnacle of the CD, and it finishs the CD perfectly, after the middle stop the drums sound like flares, and fireworks, its amazing, and the solo, mmm it is great. Alot of people consider this not as important as AYE or Ladyland, but it is as important, and in someways better than AYE.
0446677450|5.0|If this book is so terrible like some of the negative reviewers say it is,then why does it continue to dominate the best seller lists and why are there more than 400 reviews for this terrible book.It seems to me that the contents of this book is making alot of people wake up and is stirring alot of interest in the masses.
1878424319|5.0|I love books that offer extremely simple principles that have timeless and durable application; if nothing else, because it is these simple truisms or &quot;universal laws&quot; that require the most practice and therefore, the most repetition. This is a simple book, but beneath the four simple agreements lies an underworld of complexity that all of us should embrace.
B0000524CY|3.0|I appreciate a good scary movie, such as Carrie, The Shining, Dressed to Kill, etc.  However, Exorcist was not, is not, and never will be - scary.  It is interesting, and fun to watch, but I sure wich people would stop foaming at the mouth as to how horrifying the film is.<br />I girl talks in gutteral tones, stuff flies arounf the room, and her face gets all yucky looking.  ZZZZZzzzzzzzz . . . ..
068484267X|5.0|This book brought out some of the best emotional writing I have ever had the emotional pleasure to read. I simply could not put it down, finishing it in two days. I have since read it again and it still brought out the extreme pleasure of the first time. Although I was a little dissapointed with the sequel TIS', I read it just the same to find out what had happened to that wonderfully living Frank. I think the hospital scene in ANGELA'S ASHES rivals any heart-wrenching words I have ever had the pleasure to read. This is living poetry.
B00004Z459|1.0|God, i am so sick of all these bands trying to be rap rock. It just sucks!  Everyone knows this music has no lasting power.  Hell, even fred durst said this is just a fad.  Linkin park are just rippin' off all the other rap rock bands out there, and they fail at it too! and whats up with the 2 vocalists??  couldn't they just get one who was actually good????<br />And now to reply to a few of the other reviews.  First, to the person up here who called this heavy metal...uh no its not idiot! True metal is bands like slayer, nile, kataklysm, morbid angel, cannibal corpse etc.  oops, sorry, i bet all u little 12 year old rap rock fans dont even know who i'm talking about.  Anyway this is not metal, hell it aint even hard!!!!!  Its nsync with screaming!<br />And to the guy who said metallica fans will like this...have u even heard old metallica?? probobly not. u probably only know from the black album up, which just pisses me off...idiot!<br />Well, these guys suck, rap rock sucks, and if you'll excuse me, im gonna go listen to real music, by bands you losers have never heard of.
B000056VIY|4.0|It was one of the scariest decisions that I have had to make. Should I buy Jennifer's new album? The first CD was good and I like the single but should I make such a gutsy move?  Well I am glad I did.<br />This album contains different grooves to even teleport you back to the 80's where certain funky styles of music seemed to rule.  I take that trip back everytime I hear &quot;I'm Real&quot;. There are also alot of great tracks on this Cd.  I played the first four tracks over and over again before listening to the rest.<br />Her breakout ballad is &quot;Secretly&quot; and while I find it delightful, she sounds too much like Janet Jackson in it and for that she may lose points as I will be tempted to compare their lyrical stylings but overall it's a sexy and very sensual track.<br />&quot;DAME&quot; is also a good song but I just expected more from her and Chayanne due to her last duet:&quot;No Me ames&quot; with Mark Anthony. But then again who can top Mark  Anthony?<br />This a a great CD to listen to whenever and wherever. This CD is cited as being part of her Passionate Journey and from all indications she has been really happy on this leg of the trip.<br />I thoroughly recommend this CD to anyone who has times when they feel really depressed, J.Lo will change that mood. It filled with positive vibes and an overall elated tone.  This album is the spin-off series based on the song &quot;Feel So Good&quot;.<br />BUY, BUY, BUY IT.  Jennifer  has grown up and what a happy creature she has turned out to be.  I can't wait for the dance remixes to some of these songs.
B000056VIY|5.0|I just got the cd today and I think it is as good as Miss Lopez's first album ON The 6. This is an album that I myself can exercise to which I did. Each song has a good beat to it. Her current single is one of the best songs on the album. The others are great as well. My favorites are Love Don't Cost A Thing, Ain't it Funny, Carino. If you enjoyed Miss Lopez's first album this would be the album for any Miss Lopez fan. I highly recommend it!
B000002C1V|5.0|I count myself as a die hard Pink Floyd fan having grown up on their music.  I was exposed to them at an early age and over the years collected all of their records.  I love this record, it is probably my most favorite Floyd recording.<br />This is very much a Diary of the pain of war from many perspectives.  Both personal and impersonal.  Being a child of the VietNam era and having had that conflict touch my life I find solace in this Record.  This Record was released right after I had enlisted in the Army and became a very personal listening experience for me.  The first time I heard it, it blew me away.  It is at once frank, honest, terrifying, painful, and enlightening.<br />It has a stirring ambiance and flow, that seems to be an absract, and disjointed story.  Much like The Wall you feel as though you are part of someone's(Roger Waters) deeply personal, albeit painful, Diary.  This record may seem somewhat gloomy and depressing to some, but it does end with a song of hope - in an odd Stanley Kubrick sort of way - with &quot;Two Suns In The Sunset&quot;.  It is certainly a poignant snap shot of the time period from Post War Great Britain through the battle for the Falkands to the height of the Cold War threat.<br />Songs like &quot;The Gunners Dream&quot; are surreal, yet painfuly humbling visions of the futility of war.  They make you feel the pain of the sacrificer and the scarificed, yet allow you to see the transcendance of action that every soldier knows.  It is hard to believe songs like this were written without experiencing the subject matter first hand.  Every song on this record is a gem, however, IMHO this record should be listened to from start to finish to appreciate the full effect.  It is a very satisfying, albeit somewhat melancholy, experience.  Much like going to see &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; but without the shocking visuals of the horror that is war.<br />While the running theme in this record is with regard to war, and its personal, and impersonal effects.  It runs the gamut of emotions with regard to the subject.  Alienation, hero worship, pride, regret, grief, delusions, and loss are just some of the emotional subjects that are cannon fodder for this record.  I reccomend this record to anyone who can relate to the transcendance and pain of war.  Even if you aren't necessarily a Pink Floyd fan.<br />To all Pink Floyd fans it is a must have, especially if you are particulary fond of Roger Waters contributions to the Pink Floyd body of work.  As stated in the subtitle on the back of the album cover (it was originally released on Vinyl, don't ya know) or the CD(yes I have both)this truly is &quot;A requiem for the post war dream by Roger Waters&quot;, however, this is all Pink Floyd.  It's to bad this ended up being the real &quot;final Cut&quot; for Roger and the rest of Floyd, as this is the last studio album with him as a member of the band.
0140177396|5.0|Steinbeck, what more needs to be said. This is one of the best books (and movies) about United States history that has been written. Yes, this is a hisory book! But don't be discouraged. This is like no other history book ever written. It tells the story of the U.S. at one of her most vulnerable times. It has been seventy-four years since the Emancipation Proclamation was signed, and still blacks are treated as slaves. The only thing that counts to the vast majority of this era is wealth and power. People who do not conform to what is considered the social norm are outcast and treated as second class. This is the setting of John Steinbecks classic novel of the american experience. This is a must read, and most of you who attended U.S. schools must have read it already. Like THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA this book can be read over and again.
B00003Q43A|2.0|Fun visuals. One star. Fun sound. One star. I can barely get a Mac to talk to a PC. We beat the aliens by using a computer virus? Uh huh. Why not give them a human virus? It would work as well.
0451450523|5.0|Oh, if only I had read this book earlier!  I only read it for the first time a couple of years ago in a college Fantasy lit. class, and it was arguably the best single volume fantasy tale I had and have ever encountered.  I had known of it for some time, but refrained from reading it because I was stupid and didn't think that unicorns were &quot;cool.&quot;  <br />Oh, but they are.  They are indeed. <br />This story is incredibly beautiful.  It is a fairy tale, but don't let that turn you off to it.  It's also post-modern, but don't let that turn you off either.  It is the best of both worlds, a unique blend that is really a tribute to the magic of the fantasy genre itself.  Anyone who has ever loved magic or simply good reading should pick this up.  <br />The characters are wonderful.  My favorites are Captain Cully, a kind of self-proclaimed Robin Hood, and Lir, the ultimate embodiment of innocence and heroism.  It is Lir that really makes the book for me.  In his never-ending quest to win the heart of the Lady Amalthea (the unicorn in human form), he exhibits a very pure love.  His courage moved me to tears as few heroes ever have.  <br />The writing is excellent.  Peter Beagle is the best writer ever in my book.  His words are never difficult, but they're also never less than magnificent. One line I'll never forget from Unicorn is &quot;the tiny, dry sound of a spider weeping&quot; (isn't that just awesome?). He hasn't written many novels, so it's definitely possible and worth your while to read them all.  While this is his most famous, I most highly recommend A Fine and Private Place, the most touching love story I've ever read. <br />I've never seen the movie.  I'm sure it's great.  But don't miss out on experiencing the beauty of Beagle's prose.  It's nothing short of masterful.
B00000JGHM|4.0|You smell the good stuff when you see Al Pacino and Robert De Niro played together in a film directed by Michael Mann, who made &quot;The Last of the Mohicans&quot;.  The stage is just changed from the British colonies in the 18th century to the modern Los Angeles.<br />The collision between the good Vincent Hanna LAPD cop and the hardened professional criminal Neil McCauley takes very deep, thoughtful development.  The love-life of both are illustrated with empathy. Their dedications to their respective &quot;job&quot; are horrendous.  Added the other crew members, Neil went on to the high street in the downtown L.A. and robbed the bank under the daylight.  A long gun-fighting scene ensued.<br />Fate abound, the story ended in a duel between the two &quot;heroes&quot; near the airport. The Heat is not just some action movie talking about the no. of bullets used. It is about heroism, companionship, faith and revenge. Director Michael Mann took a very careful consideration to the characterization. The performance by the two Oscar award-winning actors is also excellent. You won't realize the film passed 170 minutes when it finally came to an end. What you will find is an enjoyable,  fulfilling and engaging entertainment.
B00001OH7O|5.0|This is a wonderful CD by David Bowie, especially if you are a fan of his.  Most have heard Changes on the commercial on TV or elsewhere.  Other favorites: Ziggy Stardust, Station To Station, Let's Dance.
B00001R3HX|5.0|I'm a recent discoverer of PT, and as a long-time enthusiast of early Pink Floyd, Steve Wilson has picked up the torch from right about the time where I started questioning where ole' Floyd was headed.  Pink wasn't well, but this stuff is the natural evolution of a kind of music that - well - we haven't seen in a couple of decades.  Despite that, our younger friends will appreciate this thoughtful Muse - that Crimson Beauty unashamedly exposed on the front cover.  Anyone who has ever travelled the true psychedelic path will know what I mean when I say that within this disk lies a goddess.  Play it, and she will open the door and step out.  Oh, and I missed her so....<br />I am so grateful to Steve Wilson and the cast of Porcupine Tree for bringing forth the sound-sight oracle that has been missing from modern music for so long.  She is always there, but sometimes she's a little hard to find.  These guys have found her.  She is here.  She is now.<br />I'm not even going to tell you about the various cuts on the disk.  They all blend together so well, and only in a way that PT seems to be able to do.  Just listen to the whole thing.  It's what you'll want to do anyway.  I occasionally will listen to just the last cut - &quot;Fadeaway&quot; - because I am in a &quot;goodbye&quot; mood. And it is an excellent piece.<br />From here, I suggest you move onward to &quot;Staircase Infinities&quot; if you can find it, &quot;Sky moves sideways&quot;, and &quot;Signify&quot;
B00004RF9I|5.0|This brilliant film is not only a merciless satire on American television business.  But also, at times, it tries to delve into more profound issues, such as the drastic sociological effects on the &quot;TV generation&quot;, and the sobering reality of capitalism in the world today.  This is a deep, thought-provoking, and ultimately rewarding film classic.<br />The film is crafted from the most capable hands.  The brilliantly written dialogs are as funny as they are trenchant.  The acting is so good that two actors got Oscar nominations for essentially being in ONE scene of powerful acting -- Ned Beatty and Beatrice Straight.  And Straight even won.  The direction of Sydney Lumet is fluid and cohesive, and occasionally sprinkled with great visual touches.<br />Many remember the famous scene where Howard Beal delivers his &quot;mad as hell&quot; oratory.  But it is another &quot;mad man&quot; speech, from the TV executive played by Ned Beatty, that unnerves me most: &quot;There are no nations.  There are no idealogies.  There are only IBM, ITT, and AT&amp;T ... We re living in a world of businesses!  The WORLD is a business!&quot;  Beatty's perfectly delivered monologue basically brings out the crux of the whole movie.<br />This DVD has fine (but not great) picture quality and clear monophonic sound.  Both the widescreen and non-widescreen versions are included.  There is even an &quot;easter egg&quot; (hidden feature): go into the Special Features section and click on the TV dial, and you'll be shown a summary of how the Nielson's Rating system works.
B00000J6AG|3.0|I thinks Play starts out great, and most of the songs through &quot;Natural Blues&quot; are pretty good, but then it gets boring. This album should be eight or nine songs instead of eighteen.  But thanks to CD technology we can skip over the songs that aren't any good, so I recommend buying this album, for &quot;porcelain&quot; if nothing else--even thought it's overplayed, it's still great.
B000056VIY|5.0|This cd is her best yet and should win a couple of grammy's for her.  Latin Pop is on the rise because of her and she makes it better.  I Love You Jennifer!!
B000050FEN|5.0|I remember seeing this at the movies early '96,and walking out thinking that yes,we are ready for this kind of film now,to subvert the usual Hollywood ending,to actually show us something different.Could you imagine Seven playing alongside Pretty Woman in a double-bill somewhere?Imagine comparing and contrasting those two?I have just watched Seven Platinum Edition.The extras are stunning,with four different commentary tracks to tell you everything about it,totally absorbing.However,its the film that matters,and out of all the new batch of directors of the last 5 years,only David Fincher and Paul Thomas Anderson have any talent for film.It is interesting the part New Line has played with both of these directors,and is proving to be the only studio with any balls.Along with Goodfellas,Se7en is the best film of the 1990's.
B000007MVX|5.0|I don't think I,ve ever come across an album that so graphically portrays the vanity of life as this one. Like 'Aqualung', the album takes a critical and at times cynical look into the version of life and the world, according to the Bible (or rather, according to the way official religion interprets the Bible). And like 'Aqualung' and 'Thick as a Brick', APP boldly enters a meta-religious territory, trying to get into the real essence of things seen and unseen... Music is one of the best media to explore that territory, and the 70s have been the most fruitful time in history for such pilgrimages. Several bands, besides Tull, embarked on similar journeys... Hence, it's no coincidence that the music of APP sounds a lot like Emerson, Lake &amp; Palmer and Yes in their best moments! I've often compared this album to 'Brain Salad Surgery', mainly because of Evan's stunning keyboard work. It would be almost impossible for me to select which of the three gems ('Minstrel in the Gallery', 'Thick as a Brick' and 'Passion Play') is Tull's best work ever; but I do feel that 'A Passion Play' stands apart anything else Tull has done. Like 'Thick as a Brick', this is a concept-type album, albeit a rather abstract one. Dark, allegoric, sarcastic, even cynical lyrics, accompanied by some of the most intense music you' ve ever heard from this band. This is not the bluesy, loose Tull of the first albums. A lot of creative synthesizer here, raises the 'Play' at times to the realm of space rock. It certainly is techno-rock. The extremely tight and ever precise rhythm section is coupled by some excellent acoustic (and occasionally electric) guitar work. Ian's flute does not dominate this album, it blends with the rest of the music instead. Above all, Ian's rich and serious vocals add to the dramatic feeling of this work, that may well be considered a dark, metaphysical rock opera. The humor is not absent either (I love that Scotish accent in the 'Hare'). The themes of 'A Passion Play' begin slowly and then are progressing, becoming more and more complex and unpredictable, reaching a climax that provokes the thought and captivates the spirit. In short, 'A Passion Play' is essential Tull: A masterpiece!
B00004XOWM|4.0|This album is not like the other two of its kind.  Some may say Fred has sold out, but once you get a chance to listen to this album word for word, you might fell differently.  For someone to really enjoy the full front of this CD, they would have to respect Limp for their stellar performance on Significant Other.  Tracks like Livin' It Up, Boiler, and It'll Be O.K. prove that Limp hasn't sold out, they are just showing the fans a new way to look upon them.  This album is a great buy, and follow up to the sophmore release.  All the tracks are appealing, and this CD is one of the best for the &quot;hard hop&quot; taste. Pick it up!
006092988X|5.0|This is an incredibly amazing novel...which i believe is actually an autobiography of the author.  In &quot;A Tree Grows In Brooklyn,&quot; the reader is taken through an incredible path of the main character, Francie Nolan's life.  From the death of her father, to her assult in a dark hallway, to this amazing girl supporting herself into college, this book finely illustrates the transition from girl to woman. This story takes the reader back to a childs perspective, and also helps one to remember to take time to appreciate the smaller things in life.
B00000J7RZ|2.0|If you feel compelled to purchase this album, you may want to heed this little tidbit of information: It isn't good. I admire Jennifer for having an interest in music. I also admire her for being really hot. But Jennifer, please save music for the musicians. You already have a job. It's called being a hot chick. The only excuse I can see for buying this CD is the cover picture. It's really nice. You can then use the disc as a coaster or a frisbee or something. Just keep the album away from any CD playing device and you'll be fine.
630438551X|5.0|Just like I said before, Critics can go to hell. <br />I am a huge reader and have read nearly everyone of Shakespeare's plays. However, I have a cousin, who is not as bring a reader as I am. I was reading Romeo and Juliet and when I told her, she just said &quot;How dumb.&quot; So I decided to take her to see this version of Romeo and Juliet to so her that she could see the story. You know what? She loved it! These kinds of movies can bring non-readers to literature.
0671034065|5.0|Linda Howard writes another winner in Mr. Perfect.  A plausible plot, story definition and flames between the two main characters, what more can you ask for?  Another winner by Ms. Howard...she can't write them fast enough for me.
0399146253|5.0|This book is without a doubt Patricia Cornwell's best novel. For both previous readers of her books as well new fans, readers will delight in reading this mystery.<br />This is Cornwell's 11th novel in which she features female investigator Kay Scarpetta. What particularly makes this book stand out from her others is the use of old characters from her previous books. I was impressed that not only did she provide character building with each one, it was not too much or not enough, it was just right. This way both new and veteran readers of her books won't get bogged down with so much previous description, they won't like the book. <br />There are so many twists and turns, and the suspense is so worth it. Just when you think something is going to happen, it doesn't. Something else happens and keeps going like that until before you know it, you are at the end of the book. And what a refreshing read it will be. You won't feel cheated; you will feel just right. In fact, you'll probably go to bed wishing another Cornwell book to be released the next day.<br />There was only one thing I didn't like about reading this book. It was the fact that I had to go to work the next day, and I only got opne hour sleep! All day I talked about the book, and to my amazement, someone who hadn't read any of Cornwell's books had bought and read the book a few days earlier. She said she understood everything, and it only made her want to read more of Patricia Cornwell.<br />So many authors have a hard time recycling characters from previous novels because readers will get bored with them. But Cornwell did this with taste and showed different sides to each character. It was like we needed to know everything about each one, and indeed we did. Each page centered on character and plot development, something not many authors do.<br />You must read this book. You won't be disappointed!
B00005214X|5.0|Face it: your copy of this album is vinyl and like all other copies the original box-like cardboard jacket has fallen apart.  You needed to upgrade to the CD anyway and now your patience has paid off in spades.  The wonderful songs have aged well over these 30 years.  The tracks have been re-mastered which translates to cleaning up the sound, which was admittedly murky on the LP.  There are bonus new tracks as well (lost songs or forgotten versions) plus a new interpretation of &quot;My Sweet Lord.&quot;  All for about what you would have paid for the album 20 years ago.  Worth every penny and more.  Great to hear these again and great to hear these for the first time.
B00005214X|5.0|I've been a Beatles fan for a long time...I have every Beatles and Beatles solo album.  My favorite Beatle is John...but ALL THINGS MUST PASS, is, by far, the best Solo Beatles work.<br />  John and Paul used to laugh at George when he brought them some of his new songs...but George got the last laugh with this amazing album.  It's truly an epic album.  From the classic &quot;My Sweet Lord,&quot; to Wah-Wah, a song with Ringo drumming as he always does, and George singing about his headaches from Paul, and the beautiful &quot;What is Life,&quot; this album makes you feel good.  It's truly uplifting, and each song is amazing.<br />  My favorite song is the title track...but each is a masterpiece.  Each, to me, is a hit single...melodic, beautiful guitar, wonderful vocals...I'd rather listen to this album all day, than listen to BEATLES 1.  That's really how good it is.  I can't give enough praise for this album.  It's is TRULY a must-buy.  And...if I could add...NONE of the songs have a SITAR.
6300275213|5.0|This is the movie that took a young TV actor named Tom Hanks and made him a movie star. It didn't hurt the careers of Daryl Hannah, John Candy, or Ron Howard, either. Allen Bauer (Hanks) is on the rebound when a mermaid (Hannah) comes to New York looking for him. She saved him from drowning twice, although his memories of being saved are a bit hazy. He falls in love with her, of course, without realizing exactly what he's in for, because her tail changes into legs when dry. Add in Allen's playboy brother (Candy) and a zany scientist seeking to prove the existence of mermaids, and you have all the necessary ingredients for a very funny movie.<br />My problem was how to rate this movie. I don't really consider it to be quite a classic like &quot;Tootsie&quot;, &quot;Arsenic and Old Lace&quot; or some of the others I have rated 5 star comedies here. On the other hand, it is a personal favorite, I own a copy, and I have enjoyed watching it many times. So consider it about a 4 3/4 star movie (I rounded off). Whatever, anybody who enjoys comedy should certainly get a good laugh from &quot;Splash&quot;. It's a great &quot;date&quot; movie, too, so watch it with a friend.
0375703764|5.0|...In about a week, I read 70 pages and then all of the sudden 4 days later I was done. A book of story upon story, Danielewski has managed to create a thing of rare beauty. In the beginning, the story seems to only be about a young guy in California who can't get any sleep becacuse of a collection of papers that he found in an old guy's apartment. Yet when the story that Zampano wrote starts, the book becomes about a family, the Navidsons, that finds itself in a house that is much larger than they thought it to be. Inviting family, friends, and a team of explorers into the house, the situation slowly disintergrates until Navidson returns and finally sheds some light onto what the house is. As the characters in the so-called \\"Navidson Record\\" slowly descend into the darkness that the house brings, the young guy who's reading the record also slowly descends into a madness that even at the end still seems to be controlling him. This may seem to be a story of only a few, but it proves to be the story of all. Notwithstanding the content, the set-up of the book is sheer brilliance with footnotes that last pages and that shed absolutely no light onto the story, the Navidson story. Read this book and find yourself.
0440219078|4.0|I am reading this book for school, and I think it is a very good book so far. Im only on chapter 15 but should be finished soon. When I first started reading it, I wasnt really into it; but the closer I got to the ceremony of twelve, the more interested I got.The thing that makes this book interesting is the fact that only one person knows the history of the world. This is a very good book for young people. Every school should assign this book.
0783229526|5.0|I find it sad that much of the country bases it's movie selections on the opinions of hacks like Leonard Maltin. I can see why this wasn't a mainstream success due to it's waaaaaay out in left field mentality, but because of all the negativity this great film remains unseen by many. As people come around to the acting genius of both Johnny Depp and Benecio Del Toro (and they will), they will inevitably want to see their earlier works and then, finally, they will see what all the hype wasn't about.<br />Terry Gilliam absolutely NAILED Hunter's book. The visuals are incredible and alarming. The angles, strange and enticing. I heard that they filmed this movie without a script, just the book in hand. After reading the book, I believe trying to write a script for it could have severly dampened the impact.<br />Now for the drug use... If you are the type of person who realized that Fight Club wasn't really about the fighting, then you will also realize that Fear &amp; Loathing isn't really about the drug use. According to the big dog movie critics only a stoner will appreciate this movie, which leads me to believe that only idiots become professional movie reviewers.<br />If you appreciate ground-breaking cinema, truly innovative directing, first-rate acting and are looking for something different... the ramblings of a gonzo journalist could be just the thing.
B000056VIY|5.0|best r&amp;b album of the year...!!!, including &quot;play&quot;,&quot;ain't it funny&quot;,&quot;Walking On Sunshine&quot;, &quot;I'm Gonna Be Alright&quot;,&quot;That's The Way&quot; and &quot;i'm real&quot;... BUY IT NOW...!!! full list of tracks for u ;<br />1 Jennifer Lopez -  Love Don't Cost A Thing<br />2 Jennifer Lopez -  I'm Real<br />3 Jennifer Lopez -  Play<br />4 Jennifer Lopez -  Walking On Sunshine<br />5 Jennifer Lopez -  Ain't It Funny<br />6 Jennifer Lopez -  Caring<br />7 Jennifer Lopez -  Come Over<br />8 Jennifer Lopez -  We Gotta Talk<br />9 Jennifer Lopez -  Thats Not Me<br />10 Jennifer Lopez -  Dance With Me<br />11 Jennifer Lopez -  Secretly<br />12 Jennifer Lopez -  I'm Gonna Be Alright<br />13 Jennifer Lopez -  Thats The Way<br />14 Jennifer Lopez -  Dame Touch Me duet with Cheyanne<br />15 Jennifer Lopez -  Si Ya Se Acaro
B00004Y6O7|4.0|This was one of the last albums by Van Halen that I purchased.  Why?  Mostly due to what  Alex Van Halen told me himself in an interview I had with him in 1982.  He said that it just wasn't their best work (aside from a couple songs) but after I bought it I kept thinking, 'WHY does Alex dislike this album??'  It really is a great example of seeing a great band evolve into something special.  My particular favorite on this CD is 'Unchained' a track that never received much radio airplay (since I've been in radio I don't recall ever having it on any of my play-lists anyway) also 'Sinner's Swing' and 'When Push Comes to Shove' all great songs which showed in great quantity Edward's growth as one of the all-time great guitarists of this or any generation.  If you've ever seen him play, you KNOW what I'm talking about.<br />This also came before Diamond Dave's ego began to run wild.  He was approachable when they recorded this album, but it wasn't long before he became a cartoon of himself and his arrogance just turned him into a virtual nobody after he left the band (I don't for one minute believe Dave when he says he was fired from the band--if you have ever met Dave, you'd know why).  All in all a great example of a band on the rise and a perfect example of a hard rock group experimenting where most other bands took it easy and kept up by playing the same over and over.  Van Halen never took the easy way to anything, and no matter what the critics say, 'Fair Warning' is different, but in this case, different is GOOD.
B000003489|5.0|This is the best album i own, period.  John Coltrane is not only a technical master of his instrument, his tone is the most true sound that a human could make.  Giant Steps brings a feeling of serenity over me which I don't get from anything else.  Coltrane can play the fast, aggresive jazz and he can play the heartfelt, reflective jazz.  He is a true master of jazz.  Buy this album and you will not be disappointed.
6305078564|4.0|This is an Excellent version of Jane Austen's beloved novel Pride and Prejudice! It follows the book very well, unlike other cinematic adaptations of the novel.  Colin Firth plays a captivating Mr. Darcy, and Jennifer Elhe's Elizabeth Bennet is both charming and delightful. Julia Sawalha's portrayal of Lydia Bennet is hilarous and true to Austen's character. Benjamin Whithrow and Alison Steadmen give wonderful performances as Mr. and Mrs Bennet, and the rest of the cast should be commended as well.  I would recommend this movie to anyone. The cinematography and screenplay are excellent. My only objection to this DVD is that the credits are shown at the end of what would have been each episode in the mini series. Also, the DVD has no menu option. Otherwise, a great buy!
B00003CXIY|4.0|This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.  I laughed the entire time it was on.  I didn't see the original version in the theatres, so I don't know how this compares to the original.  I do know it was non stop laughs the whole way through.  The only reason I did not give this movie a full 5 stars was Tom Green.  While I did laugh at some of the parts he was in, I just don't seem to ge his &quot;type&quot; of humor.  However, he only played what I consider to be a supporting role in this movie, and he is definetly not a reason not to see the movie.  Very funny.  A &quot;Must See.&quot;
0316920045|5.0|Wallace's style is absolutely addictive (and mildly schizophrenic)1.  Don't let the sheer weight of this book intimidate you; it's a very readable 1200 or so pages.  With references flying like wood chips from a table saw, you'd swear that Dennis Miller asked David Markson (Wittgenstein's Mistress--a must read) and Camus to help him co-write the AA welcome kit.  Don't try to catch them all.<br />The beauty of this novel is its self-reference.  Upon turning over the last page and realizing that it was, indeed, the last page, I realized that, like &quot;The Joke&quot; (a film directed by one of the characters), the &quot;Infinite Jest&quot; is ultimately on the reader.  The two discernable major plots (the tennis academy and the half-way house) both seem to hint at what Wallace must think of his own craft (including the writing of Infinite Jest itself):  it is a communal hiding place, cohabited by people collectively excused from their &quot;normal&quot; lives and individually driven to attain purity and perfection.<br />The only other work of his that I've read is &quot;Brief Interviews with Hideous Men&quot;, but Infinite Jest is so loaded with throwbacks to it (through Orin and James Incandenza, Gately, Pemulis, and other male characters), that I'm sure readers that enjoyed his other works will find this familiar.  It's comically on par with &quot;Brief Interviews...&quot;, with the biting dark undertones that almost make you embarassed to be a man (if you are one).  The comic/pathetic pull of Wallace's work reminds me also of George Saunders' &quot;Civilwarland in Bad Decline&quot;.<br />If you dig the postmodern lack of structure and temporality, and you aren't too attached to conclusions and climaxes, this book is going to keep you moving through all 1200 pages.  If you don't, or you're Canadian, I wouldn't touch this with a ten-foot-pole.<br />1.  Okay, maybe not so mildly ;)
6305014140|5.0|Ninja Scroll is one of the most visually impressive animes ever made. Madhouse Studio, the animators, painstakingly create cell after cell of the best animation ever. Disney is unable to compete. The story is unique and extremely involving, the characters seem to flow evenly and develop into real people who you actually care for. All the while your thinking to yourself, &quot;it's just an anime&quot;. Truly adventuresome and truly romantic even, the movie follows a sword for hire ninja, who makes trouble with the Eight Devils and ends up falling in love with a ninja girl in a tragic tale with magical influences, the devils, and true human emotion. A truly satisfying experience and a must own anime. One of my all time favorites, right up there in calibur with Akira and Ghost in the Shell.
6305262071|4.0|Best Frankehiemer action film since French Connection Two, great supporting cast of believable talented actors and actresses. Fast moving francophile film, well scripted and a joy to watch. Not quite an Italian Job with some lines to commit to memory, but one to buy an watch again, real entertainment, full of european atmosphere, smell the fish and the Gauliose!
B00003CXBK|4.0|While not Akira or Ghost in the Shell, this anime is indeed a good story and fun to watch. It's main characters are both of animal and man. The dub is not too shabby and I actually prefer it to the Japanese dialogue, both come on this DVD. Kind of lame in the extras department, the DVD quality of the film itself is top notch. A good addition to your growing anime library.
B000002LOE|3.0|After REM refined and perfected their punk/pop/folk approach on Document (1987), their move to orchestral pop (among other things) begins with Out of Time.  Out of Time is an ecletic, often experimental record.  It represents an important transitional stage of REM's evolution, but standing on it's own, it isn't very substantial or memorable.<br />Despite their constant evolution, REM always follow a similar pattern.  With their full-length debut, Murmur (1983), REM emerged with a fully-realized synthesis of sublime, murky folk, and esoteric, but entertaining vocals and lyrics.  After Murmur, REM gradually developed a concise, lucid musical approach and songwriting that is more comprehensible (while maintaining it's quirky appeal).  This approach was perfect with Document (1987).  Between Murmur and Document, REM released two albums:  Fables of the Reconstruction (1985) and Life's Rich Pageant (1986).  With Fables of the Reconstruction, REM maintained the familiar folky approach of Murmur.  While it contains several strong tracks, the songwriting is inconsistent and the music is somewhat redundant.  With Pageant, the production became more energetic and crystalline.  The music was reminscent of the art-punk band Wire, but REM continued to add unusual elements (such as a banjo on one track) that kept the music from slipping into imitation.  While Pageant was compelling musically, the songwriting sometimes wasn't.  This minor kink was ironed out with REM's second seminal release, Document (1987).   <br />After the terse, kinetic perfection of Document, REM move in a new direction with Out of Time.  More accurately, they move in several different directions; experimenting with winding country, Brian Wilson-style orchestral pop, even hip-hop.  While they are able to write a few memorable songs and create some interesting sounds, Stipe's songwriting is often hackneyed, and the music is unfocused.<br />Out of Time begins promisingly enough, with the orchestral pop/rap hybrid, &quot;Radio Song&quot;.  The song features a beautiful string melody, mildly somber lyrics, with a sporadic rap courtesy of KRS-One.  The rap proves perfunctory, detracting from an otherwise quality song because it just doesn't blend well with the music.  Fortunately this only a minor detriment because the rapping is sparse.  From there, REM moves on to one of their best songs, &quot;Losing My Religion&quot;.  The track features a sublime string arrangement which is augmented beautifully by Buck's mandolin work.  Lyrically, &quot;Losing My Religion&quot; is Stipe's articulate, poetic take on falling in love from the male perspective.  Another high point arrives near the end, with the beautiful, winding-country inflected, &quot;Country Feedback&quot;.  On &quot;Country Feedback&quot;, Stipe manages to be both obscure and intimate.  &quot;Country Feedback&quot; and &quot;Losing My Religion&quot; prove to be two of few genuinely emotive songs on Out of Time.  &quot;Shiny Happy People&quot; is a whimsical, playful song that is enjoyable, if somewhat slight.<br />On several tracks, REM's songwriting is trite and their music in uninventive and lazy.  Mills's, &quot;Near Wild Heaven&quot;, contains an ersatz Brian Wilson vocal harmony and trite romantic lyrics that could've been written by The Back Street Boys.  On, &quot;Texarkana&quot;, Mills uses every lyrical cliche' possible in a four minute song (&quot;I would give my life to find it, I would give it all, Catch me when I fall&quot;).  The egregious songwriting detracts from the lively string arrangement and Buck's supple slide guitar.<br />The remainder of the tracks are either slight musical experiments (&quot;Endgame&quot;, &quot;Belong&quot;) or solid, but unspectacular songs that aren't terrible, but usually aren't memorable either (&quot;Low&quot;, &quot;Me In Honey&quot;).  On these tracks, the music is somewhat appealing, but uninspired, and the songwriting is palatable, but unmemorable.<br />Despite it'sflaws, Out of Time represents and important step in REM's development.  After Out of Time, REM perfected their orchestral pop approach with their third and final seminal album, Automaic for the People (1992).  Automatic for the People probably wouldn't have been possible without the dabblings of Out of Time, much as Document wouldn't have been possible without Life's Rich Pageant (though Pageant is a better, more fully realized record than Out of Time).  For this reason, Out of Time is of interest for ardent fans.  But, since it never congeals into a wholly satisfying album, it offers little for everyone else, except for a few realized songs that stand out among the experiments.
6304493681|5.0|The movie engrosses you with visuals and finishes you off with philosphy. Ghost brings light to questions and enigmas to others but in the end this movie touched me on levels I never knew I had. With it's Blade Runneresque image of urban life in the future, and it's grip on technology, your left with your mouth hanging open. There are movies that shock and make you think, this is the best example of such a movie. In anime there are few movies like this one that are so complete and utterly interesting.
B00004Z459|4.0|Upon hearing of linkin park through friends, I finally took the plunge to buy the cd.  Thinking this was solely Rap Metal (like I'm accustomed to), I was really wondering if Hybrid Theory could provide the excitement brought forth with P.O.D., Limp Bizkit and KoRn.  Once I put this CD in my player, I was immediately blown away by the way Linkin Park blends Metal, Techno, and (in some cases) Rap to provide their own distinct sound.  The constant changing from light techno sounds to off the hook blaring guitars continuously puts you at the edge of your seat, while vocals integrate almost perfectly with the music.  With an interesting ear-busting instrumental consisting of the next to last track, and the amazing lyrical twists on track such as Papercut, One Step Closer, and Crawling, Hybrid Theory is a must-have.  While this may not be the best CD in my arsenal, it will stay in my CD Player for a long time to come.
B00005214X|5.0|George Harrison's masterpiece is given new life with bonus tracks and liner notes from Harrison himself in this new release. Originally composed of new songs and Beatles session leftovers (including the title track), this collection showcases Harrison's soft voice and slide guitar playing along with an all-star cast. All Things Must Pass is a treasure chest of some of Harrison's best songs including &quot;Isn't It a Pity&quot;, &quot;What is Life&quot;, &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; and &quot;Beware of Darkness&quot;. Produced by Phil Spector, this album features a big sound at times and quiet moments accompanied by stings. Five spirited Apple jam sessions are featured at the end of the album with Dave Mason and Eric Clapton joining Harrison on guitars.
B00003CWPR|2.0|I'm not sure about everyone else, but Stanley Kubrick has never been one of my favorite directors. Granted, I have not seen too many of his films, but those that I have had the &quot;privilege&quot; of seeing make me wonder if his other movies are even worth the time. For instance, &quot;The Shining&quot; was a complete hack as well as a far cry from the brilliance of the novel by Stephen King; there were so many things they changed which made no sense. <br />Perhaps the most confusing film of 1999, and of Kubrick's career, &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is nothing short of a complete and utter failure. While most critics see past the confusion and read into the hidden themes, I myself found it quite idiotic to place such a great message within a whirlwind of plot twists, sexually charged scenes that make no sense to the overall plot, and the patented Kubrick filming techniques of tracking shots, brilliant colors and pacing. <br />Real-life couple Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman play William and Alice Harford, a wealthy New York couple who enjoy the lavish surroundings of William's occupation as a doctor. One night at a party thrown by a friend and colleague, both William and Alice are put into compromising situations, yet both of them are shown to have enough self-control not to submit to advances from others. The next night, a marijuana trip leads to Alice's admissions of past sexual longings for another man, which sends William into a cavalcade of fear, doubt, and near-infidelity. This includes a near-tryst with a hooker, long walks in the streets and rides in taxis, all the while thinking of his wife with another man, and an invitation to a party of nothing but orgies where each guest must where a mask. <br />Sound lucid? Think again. The movie makes the fault of setting itself up to be something really interesting, then flatlines into confusion and insanity. William is seen in so many different situations, yet we never really understand why he feeling so down. Is it because he is angry with his wife for her admissions, or because he has had those same feelings and wishes to act on them, later regretting the thought? <br />Then there are the very unnecessary scenes of sexually explicit acts which add nothing but an R-rating to the film. The party that William attends is nothing but orgie after disgusting orgie, most of which are computer-generated to keep the rating low. I did pick up on Kubrick's evocation of the feeling that William is seeing this and wanting to take part in it, but ultimately deciding against it. But was it really necessary to have to see every last person getting themselves off? <br />There's just something about &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; that leaves you grumbling and unpleasant. Maybe its the more-than-confusing plot, or the fact that the movie is 158 minutes too long, or that it just seems like a big waste of time. For me, it was all of these factors, and more, which make this one of those movies that remains at the bottom of the barrel.
B000056VIY|4.0|What can I say, but &quot;Bling-Bling&quot;!  Jennifer Lopez' new album is a virtual melting pot of R&amp;B, latin, techno, and dance.  With Jennifer's new persona as &quot;Puff&quot; Daddy's love interest, I expected the album to be focused more on Hip-Hop and R&amp;B.  I was pleasantly surprised to hear songs with different rhythms and vocals.  What impressed me most, was the way her voice sounds more polished than before.  She comes across as being a true vocalist, separating herself from a mere cross-over artist.  Jennifer will be able to by all the hair extensions she wants, with the success of this album.
B00000K2UX|3.0|&quot;Top Gun&quot; was one of the best films of the 80's and the soundtrack is even better.  When I originally purchased this after the movie came out I wore out my tape.  This is one of the greatest with songs by Kenny Loggins, Berlin, Cheap Trick, Loverboy, and Hans Zimmer.  With the additions of The Righteous Brothers and Jerry Lee Lewis it makes the album that much more complete.
B000001F5F|4.0|Under a Blood Red Sky is undeniably exciting to listen to.  I still remember how great all that Red Rocks footage used to look in the days when MTV still showed videos. U2 was definitely more thrilling live before Bono discovered the glamour of the rock star life.  This is a must have if you are a fan of U2's original three albums.  What would make it a must have for any fan is if the powers that be saw fit to combine it with Wide Awake in America (an equally short live mini-disc) and gave everyone a little value for their money.
B00000I8UJ|5.0|I have just recently been building up my jazz collection with the new Ken Burn's Documentary.  I am suprised that Ken Burn's did not put out a CD for Dexter Gordan.  After watching the series, I understand the history and significance of many jazz albums in much better clarity now.  Dexter Gordan is a DEFINITE MUST in any collection.<br />His melody and saxaphone tone is unparalled.  Of all his albums, this one of the smoothest and the best.  For a 1962 recording, the sound quality of the remastered edition is superb. In fact the background resonance for this probably AAD CD recording is better than some of the contemporary DDD recordings.
B000002U9L|2.0|But the stand alone soundtrack wasn't worth buying.  If you're used to loving every song on the CD that Bowie puts out, you'll be in for a big let down.  Lets face it, David Bowie and opera just doesn't mix.
0380796090|4.0|I loved this book - first of all because it's such a good story, but still a very easy read. I got it myself from a friend and I've already passed it along to another friend and I highly recommend it to most readers.  <br />The book is written as if the &quot;hero&quot; Claire is talking to you, which means you really identify with her and all her insecurities. Claire's family are excellent secondary characters, and the male hero &quot;Adam&quot;  was maybe a bit too good (and to good looking) to be true, but I have meet men that was quite much like that! Claire comes out as a belivable and interesting person, someone it would be nice to know. She is funny and warm and and also brave, so I found it quite inspiring in many ways. I specially liked the way the story changes your impression about Claire (and the way she also learned more herslef about who she was or had been. <br />Sometimes single women type books can be quite irritating, but Marian Keyes' are fabulous. Claire is funny  I read Watermelon in almost in one go, which is quite something as it's not a short book.  I read it late into the night, until I could read no more, and finally finished it early next morning. Marian Keyes has also written Rachels Holliday which I also liked very much (even better) and which is about one of Claires sisters! <br />Some people compare this to &quot;Bridget Jones&quot;, and they have something in common, but mostly that they are about women and the frustrations of life and love. Others may feel this is not an intelligent enough book. So, its easy reading, what so? It is very well written, funny and makes life a bit more fun. A very good read for a vacation or for travelling. Highbrows who do not like  &quot;feel good&quot; books are hereby warned - stay away.
6304539495|5.0|&quot;Ghost in the Shell&quot; is a personal quest for identity eerily reflected off the gritty espionage plot in cyberpunk Hong Kong. GITS is unnerving, if nothing else. Not because of any particularly gory passages (which are fairly numerous), but because of the question the film asks: Is the &quot;I&quot; real, or is it an illusion? Am I the same person who I was a minute ago, or am I a simple copy with the original's memories?<br />Motoko Kusanagi, a cybernetic member of an elite strike team, is facing a personal dilemma: is she the same person she was before her body was destroyed and her personality was instilled in a cybernetic brain? She finds herself drawn to the mysterious entity known only as the Puppet Master, an individual with a bizarrely long list of crimes, from stock manipulation, to political machinations, to mind-hacking of innocent indivuduals. Lately he seems to have taken an interest in Motoko's area of operation, possessing a diplomat's enterpreneur. Foreign Relations department seems to be taking an unhealthy interest in the case, enough to secretly bring a thermoptically camouflaged (Predator-style) individual to a top-secret lab when a lone, confused cyborg is found wandering the streets. When it reveals its frightening identity and is stolen, Motoko sees her chance to discover her true nature. This takes our heroine from a car chase to a shoot-out with a huge tank, to the final moment of lucid revelation of the argument behind the nature of self-awareness and life.<br />In all honesty, I was so caught up with the puzzling plot that I barely noticed the artwork, although several CG scenes did capture my attention with their mastery. On the other hand, the sound scene is a bit barren: there are voices, and some music, but the sound effects are sparse.<br />The &quot;Making of GITS&quot; part seems amateurish to the extreme, and the interviews with the grizzled creators are not at all helpful or even interesting. At least it includes the translated version of the main theme.
B00004T9UF|5.0|When I first read in a december 1998 issue of vibe magazine that eminem was going to be the next breakout star in rap.  I was like yeah right then laughed.  Now i can't believe it.  Eminem is a unbelievable lyricist.  This was possible one of the most violent and degrading cd's i ever heard.  He bashes on dead people, mentally and physically challenged people, gays and leasbians, pop stars, fellow rappers, his mom, etc. It doesn't stop.  My favorite tracks were who knew, i'm back, marshall mathers, drug ballad, bitch please 2, and criminal. the only lowlight of the whole cd was remember me with RBX.  That song was horrible and it should have been replaced by the song &quot;The Kids&quot;, which was on the clean version of eminem's cd and a better song too.
B00005214X|5.0|When the &quot;Quiet Beatle&quot; finally spoke up in 1970, fans learned he had quite a lot to say.  He still does, thanks to this sparkling reissue of his masterpiece &quot;All Things Must Pass.&quot;  One look at the cover of the environmentally friendly cardboard box,and you know that there will be a few new wrinkles to this package.<br />First of all, there's the remastering -- very nice, a sparkling kind of sound that keeps the breathtaking Phil Spector production fairly intact.  Then there are the songs: the hits &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; and &quot;What Is Life,&quot; definitely not your standard pop music fare (but then, nothing any of the Beatles did after 1965, together or apart, was your standard pop fare).  Add into the mix such choice cuts as &quot;Isn't It a Pity&quot; (two versions), the roaring &quot;Wah Wah&quot;, &quot;Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp,&quot; and the rousing &quot;Apple Scruffs&quot; and you've got quite a collection.  All right, maybe some of the spiritually tinged lyrics haven't aged well, even into and out of New Age passing fads, but you've got to understand this was (is) an epic undertaking in its day, both musically and spiritually.<br />Of the new tracks, two are stripped-down demos (brings to mind some of the scenes from the movie &quot;Let It Be&quot;), one is a backing track of &quot;What Is Life&quot; with funny little horn parts and another, &quot;I Live For You&quot; is a bona-fide reject from the original album.  The mid-tempo tune has a cool steel guitar part from Pete Drake.  The other new offering is &quot;My Sweet Lord (2000)&quot; which, while interesting, won't keep you away from the original.  Harrison strips down this classic too, and gives us a taste of his current singing style.<br />The final attraction of this new package is the re-ordered all-star &quot;Apple Jam&quot; that took up one whole LP of the original set.  With big names like Eric Clapton, Ringo Starr, Billy Preston, Ginger Baker, et. al., it's nice background music but a good history lesson for the young ones -- all the best albums had a &quot;jam&quot; on it in those days.<br />Overall, a very worthwhile package for Beatles fans and rock fans in general.  Man, this brings back some memories.
B000002N9L|2.0|This was not Prince but instead this was anger toward his old record label.  Only buy this if you are a collector as I am of Prince albums.  Otherwise, go buy something you can enjoy.
B00003CX95|5.0|&quot;Braveheart&quot; is the tale (with some poetic license) of William Wallace, a thirteenth century Scottish warrior who leads a Scottish rebellion against the English.  Make no mistake though, this isn't just a blood and guts feature.  It is also a tale of star-crossed love and political intrigue.<br />Gibson gives a great performance as Wallace, but he's not alone.  Sophie Marceau and Catherine McCormack both offer great performances as his love interests, and Patrick McHoohan is outstanding as King Edward.  Also, the musical score is beautiful and profoundly moving.  This movie really puts one in mind of the great epics of Hollywood, and it is every bit as enjoyable.<br />As for the DVD, I enjoyed Gibson's commentary, but there's not a lot else other than the usual A/V features.  Fortunately, a film of this caliber doesn't require any bonus materials to make it a worthwhile purchase
B000050XEI|5.0|After a long wait, Enya has outdone herself.  I'm not crazy about track 4 but the rest of the CD is fantastic!  I highly recommend it.
B00003CWL6|5.0|&quot;American Beauty&quot; is one of the most haunting, beautiful films to come around in a long time.  With its stunning cinematography, amazing writing, and outstanding performances form every single member of the cast, it makes an eloquent statement about what's truly important in life.  There are scenes in this movie that defy description, but which will capture your heart and touch your soul.  &quot;American Beauty&quot; represents everything that modern film-making should be.<br />As for the DVD, it offers several outstanding features that wisely do not overshadow the movie itself.  I particularly enjoyed the director's commentary.  Of note, some people were upset that an alternate beginning and ending that were shot and discarded, were not included on the DVD.  I, for one, am glad they weren't; to have included them would have irretrievably altered the audience's entire perception of the movie, and by so doing, might have ruined it.<br />When all is said and done, &quot;American Beauty&quot; should form the cornerstone of any DVD collection.
B000056VIY|5.0|J. Lo is a great cd! I love the song &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot;...the beat is catchy and jennifer's voice is awesome! If you enjoyed her last cd, you will definitely enjoy this one even more!
B00003CXE7|5.0|First off, everything about &quot;Gladiator&quot; is big: the sets, the plot, the cast of characters, the battles, even the dialogue.  Everything about this movie harkens to the classic epics of Hollywood.  Don't mistake admiration for theft though, this movie is pure 21st century and very original.<br />Through the lavish use of computer graphics, as well as masterful costume work, the viewer is vaulted back to ancient Rome.  Russell Crowe and Joaquin Phoenix both offer Oscar caliber performances, and the supporting cast is likewise excellent (of particular note is Djimon Hounsu of &quot;Amistad&quot;).  The film is packed with action, but also relates a tale of political intrigue, and also deftly deals with issues of love and faith.  Finally, the soundtrack is outstanding; in particular, some of the vocal arrangements are nothing short of haunting.<br />As for the DVD, it offers some outstanding feautures.  I particularly enjoyed the TLC documentary on gladiatorial games, which does much to ground the movie in some historical fact.  I also enjoyed the deleted scenes with commentary from the director.  I enjoyed them all for what they added to the film, but I really liked the insight into the editing process that Scott's comments provided.
B00003CXDG|1.0|the first mission impossible film is without a doubt one of my favorite films to date.  ive seen it countless times and bought it on dvd th first chance i got.  i went in the theatre expecting another excellent movie experience with plot twists and turns all over...<br />but instead i was met with a trite action storyline based on nothing in particular which resembled absolutely nothing of the original film.  i will never, ever watch another john woo film and i feel very let down by tom cruise on this one.<br />i couldnt believe i actually fronted $7 to see this movie, ugh, i left early after cracking up at its idiocy.
6305311463|4.0|Off the bat, this isn't a movie that's going to challenge you intellectually.  However, it is a lot of fun, and features breathtaking special effects.  The acting is solid; none of actors take the movie more seriously than they should, and as a result, give performances perfect for this kind of summer blockbuster.  Are they over the top?  Absolutely, but it only adds to the fun of the film!  It's like watching &quot;The Dirty Dozen&quot; in outerspace.<br />The Criterion edition of the film on DVD does offer a lot of nice features.  In particular, the directors cut of the film offers some much needed heart.  However, it's awfully pricey, and if I hadn't received it as a gift, I doubt I would own it today.  Still, for a big fan of the movie, or a serious DVD collector, it's probably a good buy.
0767802470|5.0|The Thing about Das Boot which makes it a good war film are a couple reasons, Wolfgang Petersen makes an interesting point in the war. Although what I don't like is that The Director's Cut had to be played with the movie instead of seeing the individual scenes, Which I hated because I never saw the movie when it wasn't in Director's Cut. Although It makes Das Boot more of an epic it's a very good film and I reccomend this to anyone.
0440234743|4.0|The Testament is the first Grisham novel that I have read.  A family friend recommended it to me because it was a book that would keep you wanting more, a real page-turner.   The book starts off with the tenth richest man in America, Troy Phelan, writing his last will and testament.  Many psychiatrists are there to make sure Mr. Phelan is of sound mind to be writing this.  All goes well and he signs his will.  Moments later he takes a flying leap off one floor of his building and lands like a squashed bug on the pavement. His heirs are ecstatic and know that their father has left each of them a hefty sum.  Mr. Phelan has a different plan.  He leaves most of his estate to an illegitimate child, Rachel Lane, who is living in Brazil.   Mr. Phelan's lawyer sends a washed-up alcoholic, Nate O'Riley, to find this Ms. Lane and have her sign the will.  Mr. O'Riley goes through many treacherous obstacles, surviving near death experiences and many encounters with the bottle.   Grisham really had me laughing and loving the character of Mr. Phelan.  He was so smart and outwitted his entire family.  I admired his choice to not give most of his estate to his greedy children.  All they really cared about was money and could care less about Mr. Phelan.   When I finally made it to the end I was so put down by the cop-out ending.  I was hoping for some big pomp and circumstance and all I got was a little fizzle.  I wish he could have added a little something onto the end.   I really enjoyed the book but wish there was more substance to the ending.
B000002952|5.0|My family is cuban and this album is one of our greatest treasures.  It is THE staple in our respective collections.  Each one of us (5) has a copy in our homes and we regularly give it as a gift to anyone who may appreciate the Cuban culture.  It embodies the Cuban experience and fills your home or car with joy and rhythym.  I never get tired listening to it.  From beginning to end, while listening to this album, your spirits will be lifted and you'll find yourself singing or dancing along with the music.
B00003CX8J|3.0|This was an OK Movie. I was expecting a little better but ffrom 1-10 I'd give it a 7. Unless you're a die hard fan, it isn't a must see movie!
B00004WKII|4.0|The estate of Jimi Hendrix has been going through the archives and has been releasing CD's.  The first was the absolutely fantastic Blues.<br />This is a typical 4 CD boxset that chronologically goes through the career of an artist.  What is better about this one than most is that all of the material is previously unreleased.  When someone buys a boxset, they don't want previously released material.  The typical boxset buyer already owns all of the previously released material.<br />Unfortunately, this boxset doesn't get off to a good start.  Except for three tracks, most of the first CD is a waste.  It consists mostly of studio outtakes of half produced songs, and things that were not good enough for the original releases.  Sure the intro to Third Stone from the Sun is cute, but how many times are you going to want to listen to it.  There are two unnecessary versions of Hey Joe.  If it were possible to play a Hendrix tune to death, this would be the one.<br />Things start to pick up on the second disk.  However, alot of the live music is very similar to what is already available on other albums.  I have always found the grunting on Foxey Lady to be eerie and unpleasant.  But there are more good tracks on the second CD.<br />It really gets moving on the third CD.  And the fourth CD is absolutely amazing.  That is because Hendrix was still growing as a musician at an exponential rate up to the time of his death.  The fourth CD does slow down near the end (who would guess that a live version of All Along the Watchtower would be so bland), but overall, the fourth CD makes this boxset worth considering.<br />If you are so into Hendrix that you love to hear him play around in the studio, this boxset if for you.  If you don't already own everything by Hendrix, this is a maybe.  This boxset is certainly better than most (compare it to the Stevie Ray Vuaghn boxset, which is mostly rehashed material, or Jefferson Airplane, which is 40% previously release material).  You maywant to get Blues, Electric Ladyland or Band of Gypsies first.
B00003CXE7|5.0|For the lovers of BraveHeart, if you miss this one, you've just proven yourself absolutely insane! Great story, great acting! Amazing musical score! Don't miss it!
B000002TQV|5.0|Radiohead's The Bends is by far one of the best albums ever made in the history of records.  Since the first track all the way until the end, this album is a must have for anyone who enjoys music.  High and Dry, Fake Plastic Trees and Black Star really shine on through this album...go out and buy it
B0000089GM|5.0|Du Hast is &quot;You Hate&quot;... not You Have.  I bought this CD when it first came out, and I was very impressed... I saw them live at Family Values 98, and must say, they put on a great show.  They don't know a lot of english, but it was a great concert with a lot of pyrotechnics and lots of fun.  Must have CD, and if you can, see them in concert.
B0000047EC|2.0|I think a more apt sub-title for this CD would have been, &quot;short bedtime stories&quot; by charlie haden and pat metheny. Why ? Because it's enough to send anyone to sleep. Am I being unkind ? No, not really, it's the truth. For me, the 90's was not a particularly good period for pat metheny's music. For some reason or other, he felt that he had to go from one extreme to another on albums. On this one, it was his intention to go purely acoustic. Bear in mind that it would be just him, playing the acoustic guitar, and charlie, playing the acoustic bass. You don't need to be Einstein to realise, that with this combination, you are never likely to end up with a particularly exciting, or even interesting, album, as this one proves. One or two tracks in this format would have been fine, but a whole album does seem a bit excessive. I will give charlie the benefit of the doubt now, I do think he realised this, and tried to convince pat otherwise, obviously without much success. The expression, &quot;It would have been easier to get blood out of a stone&quot; comes to mind. Anyway, pat did concede slightly by introducing the synclavier and electric guitar on a couple of the tracks. I've got to that stage now where I only bother to listen to three tracks on the album, &quot;The Moon is a Harsh Mistress&quot;, &quot;He's Gone Away&quot; and &quot;Cinema Paradiso (main theme)&quot;. As it happens, all of these tracks contain synclavier orchestration. For me, that synclavier was well under used, virtually every track needed it, better still they should have hired a backing band. I must admit, if I was offered my money back on this one I would take it, don't say I didn't warn you. If you're looking for a good pat metheny album then I can recommend the following; my star rating is in brackets. Letter From Home(5), Still Life Talking(4.5), Offramp(4), First Circle(4), Secret Story(4), We Live Here(4), The Road to You(4), Quartet(3), Travels(3), Imaginary Day(3).
B000002L5I|4.0|This CD is a great showcase for Kenny Wayne Shepherd's guitar prowess but isn't a great album.  Blue On Black is well worth buying the album however.  Slow Ride, King's Highway and Somehow Somewhere Someway are also good songs.  This album lacks a solid slow blues song.
0800141385|5.0|This movie along with most of her others is begging to be released on DVD. Please Barbra, do it for your fans.
B00005214X|3.0|This album is one of my all time favs. The only reason I give it three stars is the lack of new material. I live for you and the new my sweet lord (esp I live for you) are great additions, I guess there just wasn't much more in the recording sessions for George to add. If you never got this album BUY IT.... if you have it already, the remixing is good, but you'll be buying it mostly for those two tracks. I just hope that George hurries his other recording :)
B000008LUN|5.0|I am only 17 years old and I can't explain how good this album actually is. Every single song on this album is amazing. These songs are timeless and could be listend to forever.
B000002UDB|5.0|The project of making a movie (&quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot;), written, produced, directed and acted by The Beatles was a mad thing, a desperate movement (coming from the thought of &quot;what are we going to do now that Brian Epstain is dead?&quot;) and (I think) a flop from the beginning. The critics hated it, as the movie didn't seem to have a way to go, and it was a psychedelic fantasy with non-sense jokes and not even a story...<br />Yes, but indeed it was a psychedelic phantasy! The year 1967 had already seen the releasing of the most important album in the history of popular music (although not necessarily the greatest of The Beatles, &quot;Pepper&quot;), highly influenced for the coming of drugs into the studio. The &quot;other kind of mind&quot; The Beatles began to know during the &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; sessions, and that they met personally in &quot;Revolver&quot;, was already a part of them. The world was colorized, and the band had created an astonishing environment of freshness in the musicianship and quality in the playing, performing and recording of the music that accompained those years. It was all about love...<br />The &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot; original LP (originally released only in the US: Parlophone only released a double EP with the songs from the movie score) contains some of the last echoes of that experimentation in the power of love and drugs. The same experimentation and innovation in the recording process was present, and the lyrics were strange, and always amazing. This album is even more &quot;listenable&quot; than &quot;Pepper&quot;, mainly because it's a group of quality songs that can be listened separated from each other. Almost every track on this album was released as a single, and those who weren't, could perfectly have become hits. &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot;, the theme song, it's an infectious track (&quot;roll up, roll up&quot;) with non-sense lyrics, used for the only purpose of opening the movie. Yet it has aged well because of its arrangements and its impressive musical structure. Paul rocks here! &quot;The Fool On The Hill&quot; is one of Paul McCartney's best songs. He talks about a lonely, wise man who speaks but nobody listens to. He could be speaking about himself. Or about John. Or about everyone. His lyrics, although clear, are intriguing. That demonstrates the fact that he could write lyrics. In fact, he dominates the majority of the album: &quot;Your Mother Should Know&quot; (to me, the weakest track) has a stupid lyric, and it seems like a poor follow-up to &quot;With A Little Help From My Friends&quot;, but again the production saves it, as the piano/organ/tambourine combination is almost perfect, and Paul's double-tracked lead vocal is amazing. &quot;Hello Goodbye&quot; (a big hit single) also suffers from its lyrics, but this time the producton is even more impressive, incorporating a full orchestra to a perfect performance piece by the Fab-Four (specially Ringo). &quot;Penny Lane&quot;, a track recorded during the &quot;Sgt.Pepper's&quot; sessions, is an all-time classic of Paul, and also a worldwide hit. He talks from the heart, sincerely, and takes a look back to the place where he grew up. Lovely, and again the production and peforming are worth noting. That piccolo trumpet solo says it all... John and Paul co-wrote &quot;Baby You're A Rich Man&quot;, originally the B-side of the &quot;All You Need Is Love&quot; single. It's a song with a deep meaning hidden by somewhat weird verses and an instrument (I think it's called the clavioline) that bubbles all over it. Again great arrangement.<br />You also see great moments from John: beginning with &quot;I Am The Walrus&quot;, his psychedelic, astronomical anthem for excellence. There's no use in interpretating the lyrics to this song, and lines like &quot;semolina pilchard climbing up the Eiffel tower&quot; will never be understood completely (although we think they will). John himself would later reject the content of this song, and the intrincated arrangements into which (he thought) The Beatles songs were hiding. He even said: &quot;I was the walrus, but now I'm John&quot; in his first solo LP &quot;Plastic Ono Band&quot; (1970). But the song is one of the favorites, and its content leaves a lot to think. Then there is &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;, argurably one of John's best songs and an all-time Beatle-favorite. Also coming from the &quot;Pepper&quot; sessions, everybody knows how this song is constructed from two basic versions: one with a simple instrumentation of guitar, bass, keyboards, drums and percussion and another orchestrated, perfectly synchronized by the hand of Sir George Martin, to make it appear like a complete piece of work, turning it into a masterpiece. John talks about himself and the fears of his childhood here. And he can really remove us. Finally, &quot;All You Need Is Love&quot; (another big chart hit!), was chosen by The Beatles as the statement they wanted to say to the world when they appeared in the &quot;Our World&quot; TV show in June 1967. They really meant it.<br />George's deep, spiritual, intrincated and hard-to-hear song &quot;Blue Jay Way&quot; and a short, silly instrumental called &quot;Flying&quot; are what is still left. &quot;Blue Jay Way&quot; is highly underrated. Its musical structure is great, as we can hardly hear so many variations of the same chord in a single song!<br />Anyway, The Beatles never wanted this to be a complete album. Better than that, is a collection that combines the music from the movie soundtrack with the best singles they released during 1967. The result, although, is also amazing. They invite you to come in. If you want to follow the psychedelic Beatles era, buy this album for sure. The Magical Mystery Tour will be hoping to take you away!
6304493681|2.0|I rented this tape in the hope that it would be as good as the manga of which it is based off of.  Both of them start off the same and both of them end the same (sort of) but still it doesn't excuse the fact of what was done to the series. The magna contained humor and plot combined perfectly.  This tape while having some humor still can't compare to the magna. Some people say that since I'm into humorous anime I won't like any serious show.  This is not true.  I love Record of Lodoss war and that is serious.  This show just didn't have enough plot to get me into it.  They also tried to combine a pretty hefty magna into a 90 minute movie.  As such they had to sacrifice plot, comedy, and the funniest robots of all time.  If you want Ghost in the Shell go get the full issue magna from Dark Horse Comics this just isn't worth it. So unlike almost all the other reviewers I don't love this movie.  Sorry.
1558908358|4.0|I remember seeing this when I was much younger in the theater.  It is probably one of my favorite movies from my childhood.  Seeing it again as an adult, I was slightly disappointed that the acting in many cases was not terribly impressive.  Still, there's something to be said for a technology-based movie that can still deliver good fun over a decade after it's release.  I have to giggle, though, at all the scenes where the characters are typing commands into their computers, using full sentences.  I think I'll try that sometime (&quot;Windows, would you please open my most recent Office document for me?&quot;)  Anyway, all that aside, I still found it to be a really cool movie.
B00003CXA6|5.0|This dvd is packed full of goodies, I can't believe they fit it all on one dvd (both sides).  The music, the cast, the script all come together in one of the finest films since Gone With the Wind (and just as long!).  A lot of credit also goes to the thousands of reenactors who's expertise made each and every &quot;extra&quot; matter.  The film isn't all you get, wait there's more!  Also included is the directors commentary, the making of Gettysburg, and a Dory Shary documentary with more history.  Each teaches you more and more about the actual event.  The historians who speak with the director explain so much that the film cannot.  You will be very moved by this film.  See GLORY if you're hooked now and want more films like this.<br />Only one thing that bothered me about this dvd. In the director's commentary there are such long gaps of silence while the movie is playing that you wonder if you lost the commentary.  Then after a half hour they start talking again.  So many scenes could have been discussed if they were only more forthcoming.<br />MANY THANKS TO TED TURNER FOR FUNDING THIS PROJECT...BRAVO!!
6305508550|4.0|All of the preceding reviews were very true to the film but left one thing out - the soundtrack.  The idea of a hardcore rap soundtrack for a film about a bunch of white people working in an office would seem ridiculous, but I've rarely seen a better use of songs during a movie.  Right from the start, with Michael Bolton singing along to gangsta rap in his car, the soundtrack was an integral part of the film, rather than a few songs heard in the background during street scenes so they could be included on an album.  I actually was so impressed with the use of music in the film that I didn't catch some of the subtler humor until I watched it a second time.  I'll never get over the perfect joining of the slow motion action on screen during the execution of the scam, with the song 'it feels good to be a gangsta' being played over it.  It was genius.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Wow, This movie is powerful.  It Involves the delicate weaving of Three main storylines into one all encompassing tapestry of movie making excellence.  Now with big words aside, its a great movie.  The cast is terrific and they all work well together the on screen chemistry in this movie is astounding. (woops big word)   It tells a story that is so full of under dealings, double crosses, betrayal, addiction, and even murder that it has to be some of that hollywood storytelling right?  I don't think so there isn't one part of this movie that I don't believe is true or couldn't be true.  That is a rarity in today's movie making industry.  Excellent acting, Great screenplay, Good Cinematography, Fantastic Direction all with a solid musical score means this movie is worth FIVE STARS!
B00004XONN|5.0|Truly an incredible departure form the popular music world.  This cd grows on you in an almost mysterious fashion.  It is one the the best cd's I have ever expeienced...   it has an almost trance-like and surreal angelic quality that oozes from the tracks within......<br />Highly reccomened !
B00004X01U|5.0|The music cd is to my opinion very different fron the Ray Of Light cd. Is more simpler and makes you think with some of the songs.Madonna has evolved as an artist and she gives us a new breath of air in this so called Pop/Movement. &quot;Ihave nothing against the new artists,like Britney or Cristina it just that they all sound the same to me&quot; Music is not really a dance album is more like a folk/funk/retro/inyourface/ kind of album. i think is her best one yet.  My favorite songs are:Music,Impressive Instant,I Deserve It,Don't Tell Me. Cool album!!!!!!!!!!!
0140131558|5.0|I found &quot;The New York Trilogy&quot; excellent. It was my first reading of an Auster work - and it was quite simply stunning. The first thing that impressed me was his prose style; it's easy to see that he also is a poet for some of the passges in this trilogy are simply products of an aesthetically dazzling mind! But Auster is more than a poet on prose, he is also - and I know it sounds like a clich! - profound in his probings of the human condition; I'd say the central themes of these novels are man's ghostlike existence, the nature of the artist and illusion/reality.  This is a highly important contemporary novelist - and I recommend him to everyone!
0345410025|5.0|It's a fantastic book that will help you instantly to memorize all 50 states in alphabetical order or any number of items on a shopping list (even two days later). But be prepared to spend some time and effort until you will be able to make the system work for you for some &quot;real-life&quot; challenges like giving a speech, improving reading abilities, or memorize difficult vocabularies of a foreign language. If you make the decision to do so, the techniques described will add a lot of value in all areas of your life, especially for those who suffer from a poor memory. The text and the dialogues are written nicely, so it is actually fun to read. Also, the chapters are categorized into specific abilities, like name remembering, again, speeches, etc., which makes it easy to pick your own selection without reading the entire book.
B000002L68|5.0|This album changed my life.  I can still remember the moment I dropped the needle on the record (record; not CD - that's how long ago it was) and heard the opening of &quot;Let's Go Crazy&quot;, which is one of the best rock n roll songs you will ever hear.  For me, the true sign of a great album is one that brings colors and images to your mind as you listen to it.  Purple Rain did this and then we all saw how great the music was by seeing the film.<br />&quot;When Doves Cry&quot; and &quot;Purple Rain&quot; are masterpieces and established Prince as the genius of modern pop music.
B000001GQT|3.0|I have had a chance to listen to a few other recordings, and happily have found Karl Bohm's performance.  For those reviewers who insist that this is the performance used in 2001... guess what?  You're wrong.  I have the sound track on vinyl... for some reason that I'm a little vague about, but I am happy to report that it is Karl Bohm with the Berliner Phil.  It is everything I think a Strauss performance should be (after all, he had conducted almost every major Strauss work with Strauss in attendance).  Karajan prefers a beautiful and full Orchestral sound over clarity, and that works well with Sibelius, but not so much with the dense scores of Strauss and Mahler.  It is certainly one of those recordings that you could turn on to impress your friends, family and love ones when showing off your sound system.  But if you want the true spirit of the performance, go with Bohm.
6305073341|4.0|This is one of the best movies ever made, and DVD just made it whole lot better. The picture and sound is awesome! This is a must buy. The only thing this DVD lacks is the Captions, but don't let that stop you from purchasing it.
B00003CXE7|4.0|The DVD The quality of the DVD is fantastic, great audio and picture quality. A ton of added features, so much in fact I haven't even seen everything yet. (flipa review = 5 stars)<br />The Movie A good plot and awesome musical score will keep you thoroughy entertained. The acting overall is terrific, Russell Crowe plays his role to perfection, and you will love to hate Jauquin Phoenix as the evil Claudius. My only complaint is that it's a bit long for my taste. (flipa review = 4 stars)
B00000DHZJ|5.0|Jimi was, is, and will always be the best...His music has influenced a lot of people, including me...I started playing guitar because of Jimi...But I, and all others who started playing guitar, will never be like Jimi...He was just a genious...No one, including Beck and Clapton, could create unbelievable improvisations like Hendrix..He could come up with unbelievable melodies in a tenth of a second...Everything he wanted to do with the guitar, he did...It is very sad that he died at age 27...And he has been dead longer than he lived...But he left us his great music...And his best songs are on EXPERIENCE HENDRIX: The Best Of Jimi Hendrix...Songs like &quot;Purple Haze&quot;, &quot;All Along The Watchtower&quot;, Voodoo Child (slight return&quot;) will always be popular...But there were some other songs on this CD that weren't great hits but still were great songs...&quot;Night Bird Flying&quot;, &quot;Freedom&quot;, &quot;Angel&quot;, show Hendrix's ability to write great ballads and great funk/blues songs...Of course..This CD deserves 5 stars...but some songs are missing that should have been there...&quot;Hey Baby(New Rising Sun&quot;), which is one of Hendrix's best 5 songs, &quot;Pali Gap&quot; are as good as the ones that are on EXPERIENCE HENDRIX....But one song should have been definetely there...and that song is &quot;Machine Gun&quot;..i know that there was never a studio version of that song...But the version from the &quot;Band of Gypsys&quot; album is just breathtaking...and to me &quot;Machine Gun&quot; is Hendrix's masterpiece...and it should have been included on this Best Of CD...but overall..this is a great Album for people who are not very familiar with Hendrix...but after you buy this Best Of..you should buy &quot;Are you Experienced?&quot;, &quot;Axis: Bold As Love&quot;, and of course Jimi's masterpiece album, &quot;Electric Ladyland&quot;...But there are some other Hendrix Albums that could show you how great Jimi was...The Box Set, &quot;FirstRays of the New Rising Sun&quot;, &quot;South Saturn Delta&quot; are great too...and one more time..BUY THIS!!!!
0525945636|2.0|Ken Follett, who wrote the brilliant &quot;Pillars of the Earth&quot; and the excellent novels, &quot;Key to Rebecca&quot; and &quot;The Eye of the Needle&quot;, has cranked out a quickie that misses badly, in my view. The basic idea is okay - a man wakes up, dressed like a bum, in Washington D.C., with no idea who he is or how he got there. Turns out he's actually a rocket scientist involved with the launch of the United States' first satellite. Unfortunately the story is filled with anachronisms (a Ford Fiesta in 1958 is one glaring one)and highly improbable plot devices. In one segment, a CIA agent fires several shots at our hero, in the dark, behind a large Washington hotel, then runs out and gathers up the spent bullets! However, the absolute worst, the point at which I felt like hurling the book against the wall, was the final chapter in which the moon landings took place. Follett has it happening on July 20, 1968! 1968! Is there anyone who doesn't know that the moon landings happened in 1969?? Is there an editor or fact checker working at this publishing house?  Mr. Follett, I've been a fan of yours ever since &quot;Key to Rebecca&quot; but you're going to have to do a hell of a lot better than &quot;Code to Zero&quot; to keep me. This book is a dud.
0140282033|1.0|I was prepared to like this book, but from the very start, it practically bludgeons you over the head with its message that, &quot;if it feels good, do it.&quot;  The book pits the free-spirited, attractive, heroine against an uptight, cruel, and (eventually) psychotic village priest in a bizarre battle over a chocolate shop.  Inevitably, all the sympathetic characters immediately side with the beautiful newcomer who revitalizes the town, while the gossips and wife-beaters side with the priest.  The author clearly has something against organized religion in general, Catholicism in particular, and goes to great lengths to convince the reader to share her feelings.  The ending is absolutely ridiculous, and left me deeply annoyed at the fact that I had actually wasted my time on this drivel.
B000056VIY|5.0|As if the single &quot;LOve Don't Cost A Thing&quot; wasn't enough there are many more tracks on the CD that will make you run out and buy this CD. This is a great girl that rocks the house and if you like to get up and shake your thing you will love this CD!!!
B000002JB8|5.0|I purchased my first VAngelis albums in the late 1970's. I drifted away from his music over the years but recently picked up 'Oceanic' in a bargain bin. I have been playing it on and off for the past two years, and still enjoy it tremendously. It is especially appealing, for me, in the early morning. Highly recommended for anyone who likes soothing, relaxing music with a hint of an edge. This album tells me I need to get to know Vangelis again.
B000056VIY|5.0|Jennifer Lopez is back with a new album, new attitude, and better than ever. This album is sure to go number one already having a top 5 hit with it's opening track &quot;Love Dont Cost A Thing&quot;. This album differs from her debut mainly in the sound of her voice which sounds better than ever proving she is the Latin Diva. With funky beats &quot;Play&quot; and smooth sexy ballads &quot;Come Over&quot; this albums all about love and is sure to please everyone. Some of the albums best highlights are &quot;We Gotta Talk&quot;, &quot;Thats Not Me&quot; and &quot;Dance With Me&quot;. On Most of the album her voice is thick and rich and at times very soft and thin but proving she has the most beautiful Latin pipes. With 15 new songs this album is better, edgier, and very very sexy and proves to be more successful than the last. You Go J.Lo get your Grammy shelf cause this time it's all about U!
B00004X0Q0|5.0|The cd is well worth the ... price!  ATDI has an amazing style that oozes of talent and passion.  Most of you have probably just come off watching &quot;One-Armed Scissor&quot; on MTV2 and want to check it out.  Well, i'm here to tell you that this cd is just what you'd expect from watching it.  A few things you should watch for though. When you're listening, don't look for meaning, because if you thought One-Armed Scissor made no sense, just wait til you hear their other songs!  Never the less, they sing w/great feeling in all their songs.  This is definately a band to keep an eye on in the future and you'll want to grab this cd if you're a fan of hard punk rock.
B000056VIY|5.0|This album is as hot as she is! If you liked her first album you will love her second. Its about having fun and dancin to the music. Nothing to heavy just good beats. Get it NOW!
0553573403|4.0|This book was good.  I didn't enjoy it as much as Jordan, because I found the character's moral dilemna's to be stupid and pointless.  But I will say that if you are into intrigue and betrayal and and a whole cast of characters where you can't figure out who the good guy is, then this is the book for you.  But, for goodness sakes, don't compare George R. R. Martin to J. R. R. Tolkien.  Tolkien was a genius.  Martin is a fad.  Tolkien's books were beautifuly written, but the real genius lay in the concept.  Tolkien knew how to make a plot, knew how to make a protagonist, and knew how to make an enemy.  The only well thought out character in this book is Jon Snow, the plot reads like he's making it up as he goes along, and the enemy... well, as far as I can tell, they're all at the same moral level (except for Jon Snow who is pretty cool) and there is no real enemy.  Go ahead, sing Martin's praises, but don't prove your ignorance by comparing him to Tolkien.
6304143206|5.0|One thing I didn't like about this movie was how it was so 80's -ish.  I know it was made in the 80's but still.  The good nthing about it is still funny even when I was little it was funny.  I would recommend this mobvie for everybody, especially the &quot;young at heart&quot;.  It was good humored fun.
B0000524E5|4.0|O.K, It's not &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; but was anyone really expecting it to be? The great thing about movies is that sometimes it's fun just to sit back, put your mind in neutral and just enjoy. Coyoye Ugly Fits that bill perfectly. The movie moves at a pretty snappy pace, the music is great and the scenery is nice to look at. The movie trailers I'd seen for Coyote Ugly left me with a &quot;less than enthusiastic&quot; impression of this movie. Because of my endless search for great movies that slide under the radar, I gave it a whirl anyway. I was pleasantly surprised. If your looking for a movie that's light and a lot of fun, pick this one up, you won't be disappointed.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This compilation of the number one songs from the number one band in history is an extraordinary event.  Never before on just one CD has the public ever really seen songs that range the lengthy and expansive career of the Beatles.  A great CD to just leave in your player &quot;One&quot; proves the stay power of a band that has not played together for over twenty years.  Enjoy.
B000056VIY|5.0|Oh My God! Where do I begin! This album is just plain HOT!!! The hottest Music I have ever heard!  JLO wrote 7 of the 15 songs and they are ALL awsome!!!!! This album includes lyrics and pics inside which are beautiful and this CD is also enhanced so that when you put it into the computor and you got to her official site ... you can see clips of Jennifer Lopez talking about her album! Well I give this CD 5stars and I don't know how it can get any better! Tracklisting: 1- Love Don't Cost A Thing 2- I'm Real 3- Play 4- Walking On Sunshine 5- Ain't It Funny 6- Cario 7- Come Over 8- We Gotta Talk 9- That's Not Me 10- Dance With Me 11- Secretly 12- I'm Gonna Be Alright 13- That's The Way 14- Dame (Touch Me Spanish duet feat. Chayanne) 15- Si Ya Se Acabo Basicaly this album has alot of spanish rhythems RnB and Pop! I WOULD HAVE TO SAY THIS IS DA BOMB! GO JLO!!!!!
B000002TP7|5.0|There's nothing like a road trip for getting a groove on with some tunes.  This particular CD I hadn't given a good listen to in quite a while (partly because it was an ex's favorite), but it met several criteria of long-distance driving:  it was upbeat, loud, and long-playing (lots of tracks, not just some paltry 10-track CD.)<br />And I had forgotten how good it was!  Of course, there are the hits, like &quot;Sabotage&quot;, &quot;Sure Shot&quot;, and &quot;Root Down,&quot;  but then there are all these incidental instrumentals, all funked and souled out mixed with a strong drum beat.  Also there's a couple of songs with, I kid you not, a flute sample.  Never since Jethro Tull has there been a better use of a rock/jazz/funk flute;  actually, I think the Boys used it with more musical appeal.<br />Also, there was a line of consistency with a certain drumbeat, like the one you'll hear on &quot;Sabotage.&quot;  That particular thrum-thrum weaves its way through the CD, and on one of the tracks, someone gets crazy on the violin, all the while that thrum-thrum keeps beating steadily.<br />Towards the end of the album, there's this creepy, Gregorian chant sounding song that freaked my stuff out.  I had forgotten about that song, and it was completely different from anything else on the album.  It just goes to show that the Beastie Boys know how to make the most of any kind of musical style.  Of course, the rhymes are tight, as always, but there's a lot more here that's worth merit.
B00000AFGM|5.0|&quot;it's a story...&quot; Yes, most people know that Mechanical Animals is amazing by itself. What most people don't know is that the whole series of three albums starting with Antichrist Superstar is a story. I won't put this in quotes cause i don't know if these are manson's exact words, but he said something along these lines (i'll only put the parts i clearly remember in quotes):<br />Antichrist Superstar is the first part of the story, it's about a boy who is disgusted with society and mainstream. Mechanical Animals is the boy's rebellion as he becomes a man, he tried to rebel against society but in the end it ended up being sell-out and became part of the mainstream he hated. &quot;I made fun of myself with that album, it wasn't to be taken too seriously.&quot; Holy Wood is the story of the man who is now so utterly disgusted with what he's become by trying to rebel and turning into one of the sellouts he hates, that he resorts to suicide.<br />That's the basic story in a nutshell... and everything goes along with it... even the album covers. Look at the cover for antichrist... it's obviously something of torture and animosity. The character feels tortured by society and wants to break away from it and do his own thing. The cover of mechanical.. It's just plain and simple, the character, as he rebels, suddenly becomes popular for it. (&quot;famous for not wanting to be famous&quot;) he is stripped naked, and so deprived of his identity by the media etc. that he/she becomes an it, with no clear sexual definition. The cover of Holy Wood... it's the character crucified. He's stripped bare on the cross, but this time it's because he's dying, society has nailed his hands and feet to the wood and now he becomes a martyr.<br />Personally...i think this story sounds rather suspiciously like Kurt Cobain...<br />But any way you look at it i think it's pure genius on manson's part, to create a trilogy of albums that not only tell stories by themselves, but can be put together to create one master story. When in the character of Marylin Manson, he's playing out a story, and has been for a while.. through music, image, and pyschology. The people who love him are part of the story, the people who hate him are part of the story. The ones who ignore him or don't know about him are the only ones who escape being involuntarily part of this master role-playing story. <br />The music is not only excellent, but it follows this pattern... MTV was manson's tool for mechanical animals. all the fans who abandoned him because they thought he sold out did exactly what they were supposed to do.. those who stuck with him did too.. and those who became new fans purely because they saw it on mtv are part of it too. Whether it was actually manson or reznor (who very much made manson what he is today) who came up with this plot i don't know.. probably it grew out of the music and the working together and the concerts and the image... i don't know if he originally had this whole plan in mind or just came up with it as the stuff took off.. but whatever it is it's amazing.<br />Yes and as for the music... the music is amazing, as i believe i said. It's diverse, moves along in a good pattern, and has got some great headbanging riffs. He's amazing with vocals, and it's the vocals i think that first drew me to the music, the uniqueness of it is unparalleled. Rock on... and keep the stories rolling... <br />Yeah.. the ability to create albums that stand alone as masterpeices of music and art that at the same time are incorporated in an overall plan is really something... at least i'm very impressed with it. Any way you look at manson's stuff it's genius.. from the overall planning to the flow of the songs right down to the riffs and drums and way the vocals are laid on. <br />Amazing
B000002UB6|5.0|Thirty years later, the Beatles are still big.  Amazing, ain't  it?  I must admit, I am only 16 years old...yet I'm still a die hard Beatles fan!  And I'm not the only one.  The Beatles are gong to live forever through their music.  I wouldn't be surprised one bit if my grandchildren still listen to the Beatles.<br />This, sadly, was the last Beatles album (or at least I think so, I've heard other reliable sources say that Abbey Road was).  I find it to be one of the best Beatles albums to date!  Let's face it, I love Abbey Road, but I get tired of the story with Mean Mr. Mustard and all these goofy characters.  I like good old rock and roll!  I want something that I can relate to.  &quot;Let It Be&quot; has got to be one of the top five best Beatles songs ever and within the top 20 best songs ever!  Something so pure and beautifully written as this song deserves recognition.  As do the other melodies of &quot;Across the Universe&quot;, &quot;The Long &amp; Winding Road&quot;, and the infamous &quot;Get Back!&quot;<br />I have often asked myself several questions.  One is, if the Beatles had never broke up, what other wonderful music would they have written...or would they have gone downhill and pretty much change completely around like Elton John did?  Another question is if John Lennon were still alive, would the Beatles have gotten back together?  I'd have to say, it would be a fantastic journey!  &quot;...and when the broken hearted people living in the world agree, there will be an answer...LET IT BE.&quot;
B000001Y2U|5.0|&quot;it's a story...&quot; Yes, most people know that Antichrist Superstar is a story in itself.  What most people don't know is that the whole series of three albums starting with Antichrist Superstar is a story.  I won't put this in quotes cause i don't know if these are manson's exact words, but he said something along these lines (i'll only put the parts i clearly remember in quotes):<br />Antichrist Superstar is the first part of the story, it's about a boy who is disgusted with society and mainstream.  Mechanical Animals is the boy's rebellion as he becomes a man, he tried to rebel against society but in the end it ended up being sell-out and became part of the mainstream he hated.  &quot;I made fun of myself with that album, it wasn't to be taken too seriously.&quot;  Holy Wood is the story of the man who is now so utterly disgusted with what he's become by trying to rebel and turning into one of the sellouts he hates, that he resorts to suicide.<br />That's the basic story in a nutshell... and everything goes along with it... even the album covers.  Look at the cover for antichrist... it's obviously something of torture and animosity.  The character feels tortured by society and wants to break away from it and do his own thing.  The cover of mechanical.. It's just plain and simple, the character, as he rebels, suddenly becomes popular for it. (&quot;famous for not wanting to be famous&quot;) he is stripped naked, and so deprived of his identity by the media etc. that he/she becomes an it, with no clear sexual definition.  The cover of Holy Wood... it's the character crucified.  He's stripped bare on the cross, but this time it's because he's dying, society has nailed his hands and feet to the wood and now he becomes a martyr.<br />Personally...i think this story sounds rather suspiciously like Kurt Cobain...<br />But any way you look at it i think it's pure genius on manson's part, to create a trilogy of albums that not only tell stories by themselves, butcan be put together to create one master story.  When in the character of Marylin Manson, he's playing out a story, and has been for a while.. through music, image, and pyschology.  The people who love him are part of the story, the people who hate him are part of the story.  The ones who ignore him or don't know about him are the only ones who escape being involuntarily part of this master role-playing story.  <br />The music is not only excellent, but it follows this pattern... MTV was manson's tool for mechanical animals.  all the fans who abandoned him because they thought he sold out did exactly what they were supposed to do.. those who stuck with him did too.. and those who became new fans purely because they saw it on mtv are part of it too.  Whether it was actually manson or reznor (who very much made manson what he is today) who came up with this plot i don't know.. probably it grew out of the music and the working together and the concerts and the image... i don't know if he originally had this whole plan in mind or just came up with it as the stuff took off.. but whatever it is it's amazing.<br />Yes and as for the music... the music is amazing, as i believe i said.  It's diverse, moves along in a good pattern, and has got some great headbanging riffs.  He's amazing with vocals, and it's the vocals i think that first drew me to the music, the uniqueness of it is unparalleled.  Rock on... and keep the stories rolling... <br />Yeah.. the ability to create albums that stand alone as masterpeices of music and art that at the same time are incorporated in an overall plan is really something... at least i'm very impressed with it.  Any way you look at manson's stuff it's genius.. from the overall planning to the flow of the songs right down to the riffs and drums and way the vocals are laid on.  <br />Amazing
B000009CEM|5.0|Fear Factory! What an awesome metal band. When I first heard them, I heard &quot; Cars &quot; on the radio. I wasn't impressed since Cars isn't that heavy. So 3 years later. A friend of mine recommended to me buying Fear Factory &quot; Obsolete &quot; I am so happy I listened to him and bought the cd. This cd is one of the best ones I have bought and I have bought over 60 metal and death metal cd's. This one still hasn't come out of my cd player yet. All of the tracks except for track 10 are HEAVYYYY except for Cars too. The first track is &quot; Shock &quot; That song blew me away and it will to you as well!. If you got a full set of hair, you will go bald and lose it all in a half second later. Its an explotion of bass and metal! I sttttrongly recommend buying this cd!<br />Also, if you like Heavy metal and death metal, check out my Heavy metal/death metal band Dark Utopia.    I am Dylan, the Lead guitarist and back up vocals. We are getting pretty well known. Limp Bizkit and a few other bands know about us
B000000FG8|5.0|The energy, music, message, and humor in this album is timeless. Every track is pure genius, gives the listener a hint at what was wrong in the world in 1989, and remains so today. To provide a brief example, here's a sample line from the track &quot;Room Without a Window.&quot;  The track begins with Lint, the lead singer, with a disclaimer- &quot;The position to be taken, is not be mistaken, for attempted education, or rightious accusation/ only a description, just an observation, of the pitiful condition/ of our degeneration&quot; and follows, with a heavy ska laced punk verse- &quot;Walls made of opinions, thru which we speak and never listen/ celeings made of lies, vicious and self satisfied/ doors made of rage/ hard and slowly aged/ always closing tighter with every war we wage&quot; while the jammin ska hook, asks that we go from a &quot;room without a window to a different way to think.&quot; While this may seem a bit simplistic, one must remeber that these are kids in their late teens, early twenties. Not only are they all very gifted musically, they grace their instruments with intelligent, thoughful lyrics that paint grim pictures of society in the late twentieth century. Each song on this album will appeal to the listener at different times, in different moods, but it will remain close at hand for many years to come, and I can say that about really few records. On a side note, when I first got into OpIvy, I was such a fanatic that I had &quot;unity&quot; tattooed on the left side of my head (yeah, stupid, I know, but I was 14 and tattooes didn't last forever then) and even now in shirt and tie everyday, I manage to surprise a lot of kids with green hair and spiked suspenders, who think punk is an image, not an ideology:)
078401213X|5.0|The many reviews here give ample evidence for the excellence of this film. While the film is very enjoyable in and of itself, the Director's Commentary track on the DVD must not be missed for aspiring film makers and artists. Aronofsky gives insight not only to his inspirations but to production problems and solutions that were encountered within his meagre $60,000 budget.<br />That a great film can be executed by such a talented director and cast within such restraints renews my faith in the movie arts. Excellent film.
0451160916|4.0|THE SHINING, by Stephen King, was an excellent book.  Through a fictional setting King establishes a startling view into human nature.  Secluded on a mountain during a harsh winter, a family has to come to terms with the results of lonliness.  Human instinct and the horrible tendencies of human nature are nakedly displayed in this novel, and it creates a chilling effect.  A great book for in-depth analysis, or just late night reading.
0792101448|5.0|Once Upon A Time In The West is simply the best western I have ever seen, if not the best film I have seen. I would describe it as a baroque western, as typical western themes are taken to extremes and icons are used in ways opposing previous westerns. Absolutely essential. Leone's masterpiece, and that is saying something considering the quality of his work.<br />When this does come out on DVD, I hope that the alternative endings are included. There are at least two endings, if not more. <br />THIS FILM DEMANDS A COLLECTOR'S EDITION DVD!
B00000AFFF|5.0|Pop music is usually aimed at kids.  Here, however, is a rare treat: a stunningly beautiful pop record with a mature feel. <br />Rating this CD a &quot;classic&quot; would be accurate, but would leave something out.  Like all &quot;classics&quot;, it works beautifully as a complete piece, and, like a classic should, it does what most records don't - it becomes more comfortable while giving the listener something new with each listen.  <br />Whose idea was it to pair these guys up?  Give him/her a raise!  Burt Bacharach's melodies are as complex-yet-light as always (like he never left the 60's); Elvis Costello's lyrics and singing are as traditionally distinct and as deep as the best of his work in the later 90's.  Costello's collaborative strength as an ascerbic, wry lyricist balances out Bacharach's optimistic melodic touch, much as it did in his previous collaborations with Paul McCartney.<br />If you could put yin and yang in a studio and record their meeting, the result would sound like this.
B000003TAN|5.0|I bought this in seventh grade knowing that it was a Sonic Youth album, but I had no idea that it was going to be so weird. The bizarre drum machines and Madonna covers left me confused, but I kept listening because I loved how unusual it was. It's six years later and now I think it's one of my favorite albums, totally unlike anything else the band has ever done. There's definitely a lot of humor on the album, but the first side is pretty frightening, particularly the atmospheric the band creates on &quot;Platoon&quot; and &quot;Macbeth&quot;. But I think the humor combined with the darkness is the album's strong point. Poetry, rap, bad new wave, Robert Palmer, Neu!, stark instrumentals, and of course Madonna join forces to make a real doozy of an album, full of beautiful moments. A must for any Sonic Youth fan or anyone willing to try something new (even when it's 13 years old.)<br />p.s. the wonderful Mike Watt sings lead on Burnin' Up.
6305807043|5.0|&quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; is my choice for the best film of 1999.  Forget what Roger Ebert says... allison5000 has deemed it so!  Stemming from a brilliant script, the film features mandrical performances from the entire cast.  Many of today's movies suffer from predictability, but that's never a problem here.  The ending is truly a sublime treat.  And how can John Cusack make us care about such an insipid character?  What a swell actor!  Best Picture of 1999, hands down.  &quot;American Beauty&quot; was a turkey.
B00004T37H|5.0|I saw Princess Mononoke on tape in japanese, and i saw in the theatres in english. This movie is the best anime movie ever! It is just cool.
B00000K31V|4.0|I dont really understand why this movie wasnt a hit, ok there where no great actors, only William Dafoe. But I have always been a fan of Cronenberg since he made Scanners. This movie you cant compare with the Matrix, it not even the same genre. the Matrix was action-sci-fi, and this is thriller-sci-fi. Its more like Dark City, a very good movie i think. the ending is surpricing at cool, you never really know whats real and whats virtuel. I now this is a bit short this review, but i dont want to reweal to much. sorry for the poor spelling, but im not english.
0783235666|4.0|Of all of Alfred Hitchcock's films, The Birds is remarkable on a number of levels. Technically, for the time, it was a marvel. Needing years of preparation with hundreds of trick shots, it still is pretty powerful stuff, even by today's computer generated standards. Heroine Melanie Daniels (Tippi Hedren) follows handsome bachelor Mitch Brenner (Rod Taylor) to Bodega Bay, California, with a gift of Love Birds for his younger sister. When Melanie is attacked by a seagull right in front of Mitch, a series of unusual events begin to take place. Before you know it, thousands of birds are attacking the inhabitants of Bodega Bay with a vengeance no one can explain. Even though The Birds is not your typical Hitchcock suspense, it still has many of his classic elements: the possessive mother (Jessica Tandy), the cast-off old girlfriend (Suzanne Pleshette), and the glamourous, cool blond (Hedren), with mother problems of her own. The camera work throughout this film is extraordinary. The shot of Taylor driving his car along the Bodega Bay coast to meet Hedren at the dock is a wonderful piece of cinematography. My favorite scene is at the the restaurant where the patrons desperately try to get the attention of a man lighting a match near a flowing river of gasoline. It's a great scene and it's classic Hitchcock suspense. Good performances from all the lead players, with an amazing debut by Hedren. It's a shame her next big feature, Marnie was a financial and critical failure because she was a very interesting screen personality. All in all, The Birds is a fun film, one I never tire of watching.
B000002UDB|1.0|If you want to understand and experience the music of 1967, buy &quot;Are You Experienced&quot; by Jimi Hendrix, or &quot;Disraeli Gears&quot; by Cream.<br />The Beatles music of this era (in which they dressed like they were working at Disneyland on both Magical Mystery and Pepper) is generally pretty soft and orchestral.  Pepper has its moments, but this one isn't worth the trouble.
B0000048V8|5.0|This wonderfully created video is an absolute miracle!  The music is so perfectly matched to the animation of the film that it seems as if the two parts were just &quot;born together&quot;.  But the best thing about this video is that it has the ability, without using words, to keep thirty &quot;terribly tender two-year-olds&quot; still and absolutely quiet for the entire length of the story.  And they want to see it again and again!  It is wonderful to have a children's video that can introduce them to the joy of classical music while entertaining them with some really fantastic animation.  I worried that they would be upset at the ending, but to date I have not seen one tear shed.  During the cold winter I show this video at least twice per week.
B00004XQ83|5.0|The music of this soundtrack helps us to remember that there was a time when music played more of a role in peoples' lives.  People relied on themselves for their own entertainment and, by so doing, experienced an enjoyment unkown to many in today's America.  In the movie, notice the many scenes where common folk expressed themselves musically, such as the chain gang working on the railroad, the church congregation at the river, and the the political rally at the town square.  Music was everywhere!<br />Today, we rent out our entertainment to others.  We have abdicated our own personal musical experiences to the numerous media-entertainment outlets that churn out electronically created sounds.  We are  missing out on many wonderful experiences.<br />My mother remembers her family going to sing-a-longs in rural Arkansas.   Everyone would have such a good time singing together and enjoying everyone's company.  Of course, it was a time when music was easy to sing.  Fortunatley, sountracks and CDs such as this awaken a spirit of song that is difficult to resist.  I have found myself humming and singing some of the songs on this soundtrack, much to my own personal enjoyment.  In particular, &quot;I am a Man of Constant Sorrow&quot; is my favorite!  Listen to this soundtrack!
0060926317|5.0|I literally chose this book from a list that my teacher gave me.  For some reason, when I saw the title, I got the feeling that it would be about aliens or some other oddity.  As it turned out, this book had absolutely nothing to do with aliens, but had everything to do with the Australian Aborigines, known in this book as 'Real People.'<br />Once I got into this book, I was completely hooked!  I read the entire book in one sitting!  After reading it, I have really come to think about how the universe and 'Divine Oneness' effects me and my life.  I am a Roman Catholic who is active in my church.  I take pride in my religion, and pray to God for guidance throughout my life.  I am willing, however, to learn about knew cultures and was intrigued to find out that Aborigines do the same each day.  They ask Divine Oneness to help them through their days and give thanks when they are blessed with a good day.<br />Marlo Morgan went to Australia thinking that she would only be spending lunch with the Aborigines.  She never thought that she would spend time in the Bush actually learning the ways of life of the ancient Australian culture.  She breathed, smelled, ate, and was part of the Real People lifestyle. The Aborigine race truly appreciates what they are given by Divine Oneness, using practically everything they are given without waste.  Four months later, with mangled hair and hardened feet, Marlo came out of the Bush a changed woman.  She went into the desert as a 'Mutant' and came out with 'Two Hearts', as they nicknamed her; one tied to her American culture and the other willing to learn and accept the life of the ancients.<br />I have often wondered about silent communication, or telepathy, and how people survive in such desolate circumstances.  Through this book, I now realize that in order to practice telepathy, one must be in complete peace with the universe; they must only speak and practice honesty.  As Marlo Morgan put it, Real People &quot;tune into the wisdomlearned by all creatures and all humans who ever lived,&quot; (page 146).  In my lifetime, I can only hope to achieve such serenity and peacefulness with my surroundings.<br />I took great pride in being able to learn about her trek through the Outback with the Real People.  I would definitely recommend anyone and everyone to read this marvelous journey through life and spirituality.  [CAH-4]
B00004TJTQ|5.0|Caught this incredible movie on HBO the other night---wow, where do I begin.First off, getting Frankie Muniz to portray the young Willie was a perfect choice.  This young actor has talent written all over him; as evidenced by his winning performances in Malcolm in the Middle.The movie itself is the story of how Frankie grows up from a young boy to a young adult---with his loyal canine friend &quot;Skip&quot; by his side.The ending is a real tear-jerker; Skip gets injured by some moonshiners.  As he lies on the vet's table, you don't know if he will survive and poor Frankie is bawling his little eyes out.  At this point, any viewer who isn't teary-eyed as well has to be made of stone!!Definitely one of the better boy and dog stories I have seen in a while.
B000056PWV|5.0|For me, in all of movies, there isn't a moment as thrilling, as ingeniously directed, and as deftly layered as the one in this movie where we see a close-up of Grace Kelly's hand, then a pan up to Raymond Burr's face as he looks down, then looks up.  That's it.<br />This has been one of my favorite movies since I first saw it on NBC in the 60s, and when I saw the restored version last year in Seattle, the animated, standing-room-only crowd went from a gasp (as Burr looked down) to an outright shriek (when he looked up). If you've never seen it, you'll have to do so to appreciate how a nearly 50-year-old movie can still have that kind of effect on people, and how a simple turn of a character's head can burn a movie moment into your subconscious.
B000053ZRR|5.0|With so little offcial Bon Jovi Footage available on DVD, its great to have over 2hrs released from the recent tour.  The Dolby 5.1 recording adds to what is a great performance - despite the pouring rain.  Certainly better than the Live from London DVD released some time ago - you feel more involved.  Live from London is more like a movie.  <br />One thing is interesting - the show is recorded in Switzerland - yet this DVD is only released in the US and Germany at present.  Its not even available here in the UK.<br />Here's to a great One Wild Night tour (and another DVD in the Winter).
6305627347|5.0|This is one of the best adult animated films I've ever seen.  There should be nothing but five, four, or three star reviews here because people who dislike the movie had to have known what they were in for when they started it.  Thus, their negative blurbs are just a way of venting their hypocritical opposition to the &quot;values&quot; contained in the film and not in any way a rational perspective on the filmmakers' creativity and imagination.  It is a very funny movie, and this is one of the rare times when that is not simply opinion, but incontrovertible fact.
6302968143|4.0|I know some parts of this movie are silly, that is why I will not rate this movie a five, but some parts of this movie I liked and I wanted this movie in my movie collection. The only thing is I believe it portrays what a Witch really is. However, I still like this movie, but some real Witches might not, unless they can except that there is really a darker side to Witches'. Witches' really are not into harming people like this movie would try to make one believe. I still give this movie a good rating. I have a friend who watched this movie and did not like it. However, it is like a kid movie, sort of like the Wizard of Oz is how I see this movie. I would put it in that category.
0345441184|5.0|This book is magnificent.  I read it after reading the other 2 books in the trilogy &amp; everything was so much richer, and made much more sense.  I could feel the betrayal that Avalon felt from Arthur.  Gwen was a perfect symbol for the rising &quot;sect&quot; of Christianity in that period---so much so that I honestly began to hate her--she used Arthur's guilt to get him to dishonor Avalon.  Avalon wasn't blameless throughout the book, and I am happy that everyone was shown in equal light.  The way that Vivaine used her sisters and niece took some getting used to--but it was necessary to make the events follow their plans.  <br />I am going to recommend this book to everyone I know.  Even if you don't really like Athurian legend, this is still a great book.
0312243022|5.0|When The Hours won the Pulitzer Prize, I shouted out a hoot of joy.  I don't usually hoot for Pulitzer winners -- usually, I quibble with them, since it's always fun to quibble with the taste of judges and the idea of giving an award to just one novel in a year generally seems absurd -- but I read The Hours when it first came out and was blown away.  Few works of literature have ever affected me so deeply.<br />The Hours is directly related to, and intertwined with, the life and work of Virginia Woolf, so the big question is, do you have to love Virginia Woolf to love The Hours?  The answer will probably be different for different people.  Cunningham does not write like Woolf, nor does he attempt to.  He's just riffing on some of her themes and characters, as well as moments in her life.  (I happen to find her life far more interesting than most of her novels, though I am more fond of Mrs. Dalloway than the others.)   I expect you could get as much from The Hours having read nothing by Woolf as you could after having read all of her works, for though Cunningham's novel is a sort of homage, it is also a whole lot more than that.<br />It is a meditation on art and life, on time and death, on fame and reality.  The prose is so perfectly written (there is truly not a single unnecessary sentence in the whole book), the observations so acute and eloquent, that you could read this book simply for the wonder of its words.<br />A  warning, though.  If you are looking for a plot, this is not your novel.  The story is about the relationships between the parts, the harmony and counterpoint of images and settings and characters and ideas -- it is not so much about any great event.  You do have to read carefully.  However, compared to Woolf's own work, The Hours is a model of clarity and suspense.<br />A bigger warning: don't read the book too quickly.  It's short, and the pages may breeze by if you're not careful.  If you read it too quickly, it will feel thin and inconsequential.  It is not.  You need to let the words drift into you.  Read as slowly as possible.<br />Few novels of the last decade, and perhaps even the last half century, are so full of beauty, wonder, and life.
0671867369|5.0|Ambrose does a wonderful job of personallizing the great war.  Band of Brothers is an excellent account of individual struggles, losses, and triumphs throughout the 1940s.  The story begins with E company's training in the US and follows them throughout the Normandy invasion, into Belgium and Germany.  I highly recommend this book, for leisurely reading or historical study.
B0000041Q3|5.0|I don't usually pick a single person from such a recording for star treatment, but Montserrat Caballé *IS* the reason this recording it the best Turandot. Her Liu, the epitome of all Puccini's selfless heroines, is the most outstanding pianissimo singing I've ever heard! Her \\"Signore ascolta\\" is to die for. In the 3rd act it is her \\"Tanto amore segreto\\" that stands out as meltingly beautiful. And the heart rending finish of \\"Tu che di gel\\" is just stupendous! As for the rest of the cast, they are all outstanding as well. Pavarotti has become famous for his \\"Nessun Dorma\\" but is wonderful in the ensemble piece, \\"Ah, per l'ultima volta!\\" Sutherland works perfectly as the icy princess. The trio, \\"Ho una casa nell Honan\\" is so filled with the yearning. It is the sound of missing your home- it is perfectly nostalgic without being maudlin. The John Alldis choir is wonderful in their rendition of \\"Perche Tarda la luna\\" I've heard choruses that sing this whole section like they were getting *their* heads cut off! And Zubin. His conducting is perfection. Well paced, never overpowering but still a presence to be enjoyed. This is a terrific Turandot and I hope you will get it to hear everyone, but especially Caballé's Liu. You can click on the hyperlink on her name & hear some of her \\"Signore ascolta\\" from this recording on \\"Great Voice of...\\" sadly, not the end of the aria w/her high pianissimo (soft) singing, but enough for an idea. Montserrat has the best high pianissimo of any singer I've ever heard & this role requires it. In her aria, \\"Signore Ascolta\\" she ends with this high note that is floated perfectly above the hushed orchestra- so pure and quiet that it can move you to tears as she entreats her master to stay. Later in the opera when she tells the icy princess what gives her such courage, she tells her it is Love. She sings, \\"Tanto amore segreto\\" in which she tells of a secret love that gives her the strength to endure even torture for this (superficial guy thatfor no apparent reason gets a \\"bun-on\\" for Turandot!) man, Calaf- sung wonderfully by Pavarotti. Her aria also ends on a high note that she holds out quietly (aka: pianissimo) that is just exsquisite!    Interestingly too, Montserrat recorded Turandot w/Mirella Freni as Liu- As Freni was born to sing Mimi (La Boheme) Montserrat was born to sing Liu- better to get this recording & hear the definitive Liu!
B00000K19E|5.0|If there is one DVD to purchase and give to a friend who has a DVD player - it is this one.  The special features make this the ultimate DVD to test out yor system.  Try the &quot;white rabbit&quot; version.  Then listen to the music / composer version.  Then hear the cast commentary.  Then hear the directors' comentary.  No matter what you thought of this movie in the theater, it ROCKS as a DVD.
B00005214X|5.0|George Harrison has never been able to top the greatness he acheived with his first album All things must Pass. In this remastered version the sound is greatly improved from previous versions of the CD, which sounded muddy and lifeless.The new packaging is also a nice surprise. Many great songs such as My Sweet Lord and What is Life made this a number 1 best seller when first released in December of 1970. If your going to own just one George CD this is the one!
0385501005|5.0|This book is an eye openerer in our Mars and Venus world.  Benjamin is happy with his life as it is - hanging out with his &quot;guy&quot; friends, drifting through life as a sometime stand-up comic and engaged to a girl he really enjoys being with - Mel.  But they've been engaged for 4 years and Mel would like (gasp) a permanent commitment.<br />Told completely from Benjamin's perspective makes this a book somewhat different from what you may have been reading recently. Just the chapter on their shopping trip together to pick up furniture is worth the cost of the book - not just for the humorous value but from what Venus may learn from Mars.<br />You definitely won't go wrong with this book. You'll laugh, even cry and hope there's a sequel.
B000002HK4|5.0|'A Change Of Seasons' was a song that DT wrote early in their career and played live in the clubs before 'Images and Words' broke them out. After getting thousands of request to create a studio version of the song, they decided to take a break from recording 'Falling into Infinity' and do this track, even bringing back some old friends to make it more authentic.<br />ACOS is really a representation of the kind of music DT set out to do from the very beginning: Progressive themes with complex time signatures mixed with philosophically challenging lyrics and a 'metal' edge.  Through this song, they redifined the genre of progressive music by taking the blues/hard rock elements of Led Zeppelin and Rush and combining them with the artistic elements of early Genesis and threw in a little bit of Metallica to round it out.<br />The live 'tribute' medleys at the end are really a let down.  They are interesting not so much from how they sound (I think these were really just add on sound check jams and such) but more for their choice of covers.  If you go out on Napster, you'll find quite a few other bootleg covers that are much more fun to listen to.<br />DT has changed since they wrote and played this song, but the melody's and rythmn of ACOS will live with you for a long time.
0385484518|1.0|A reader from Washington, DC, wrote, &quot;I've read many a book in my life, but this was the first one I felt.&quot;<br />My cat almost felt it, too.  I threw it and she nearly got in the way.
078062999X|4.0|Here's what is great about Branagh's Hamlet: First and foremost, the scenery and costumes. The 19th century palace which plays Elsinore, and the glorious outfits and props which accompany it, become a wonderful added character in this visually stunning adaptation. Secondly, the fact that the play is complete and only very slightly altered makes this an uncommonly faithful and reverent cinematic rendering of what is normally a butchered text. Thirdly, the acting is in many cases excellent. Of the main characters, I found Ophelia, Claudius, Gertrude, and Polonius to be consistently enjoyable and convincing. Cameos by Robin Williams (The ever-effeminate Osric), Gerard Depardieu (as a French Reynaldo), Charlton Heston (Player), and Billy Crystal (Gravedigger) were generally tasteful and well done. Overall, the entire production reflects a Herculean effort on the part of Branagh as director and I commend him for that. However...     Branagh plays Hamlet with so much emotion and unrestrained intensity that he continually upstages the text. This is my major complaint. He overacts to the point where I cringe with frustration. Where is the subtlety? Hamlet here is no longer a brooding, pensive, intellectual but rather a fist-banging, spit-shooting, shouting scalawag. Hamlet's glorious soliloquies become self-indulgent rants in Branagh's hasty delivery. The text of Hamlet is so bulgingly pregnant with meaning, one must merely deliver the lines, not vomit them. An occasional shouting is warranted, but not for the whole play. Laertes and Horatio I find to be equally ineffective. Both overact in an annoyingly unmanly and wimpy way.       I give this film a high rating despite these frustrating flaws. The greatness of this adaptation far outshines its unfortunate limitations.
B000000W5H|5.0|Ok, it's not as good as Exile On Main St or Let It Bleed. What... is? The reason the average rating here is 3 1/2 is because of the expectation that every Stones album be as good as the ones made from 68 to 72. That's not possible. If Lynyrd Skynyrd, Queen or even Led Zeppelin had released this in 1974 it would have been hailed as a masterpiece. The fact that it's the Stones and it's not Exile Part II is the ONLY reason it gets poor reviews. <br />The best song here is Time Waits For No One with Mick Taylor's amazing 3 minute guitar solo at the end. Fingerprint File is funky, raunchy, and very clever. Mick Taylor's bass lines work well against Keith Richards' chunky guitar riff. If You Can't Rock Me is a great upbeat rocker and a perfect way to open the album. The superior cover of Ain't Too Proud to Beg and the title track are the only songs that get any radio airplay here. Till the Next Goodbye is a very touching ballad and Short and Curlies has hilarious lyrics (She's got you by the balls....). Unfortunately, this was Mick Taylor's last album with the band but atleast we have this and a few others to enjoy.
B0000009SM|5.0|After having got a few Zappa albums and being astounded by his relentless inventiveness, I thought Id get this cos to be honest, the 70s albums all look good. I was not disappointed. Inca Roads is perhaps the most inventive and very funky/rocky/mad etc - basically a zappa track. Cant afford no shoes is also great and has a batty solo at the end :) where is seuges into sofa no1. the title describes it well and, along with no2, are very loungy tracks. However, the albums pinnacle, for me, comes with po-jama people. The track kicks serious butt and the faux time changes are very clever. Again, solos!! Florentine Pogen goes along vey well and is a good track. Evelyn is just a joke piece, i think, with just frank and a piano. San Ber'dino and andy are both great tracks as well and are a good way to wind down.<br />This album is a good way to relax (i find) and i really enjoy just listening to it. So do yourself a favour and after you get albums like Hot Rats and Joes Garage, get this in your collection.
B000056VIY|4.0|I've read reviews from Jennifer's first album and now for this one and only a few are good reviews well J-lo here's a good one. I think Jennifer Lopez's has a wonderful talent and a even better voice &quot;Love don't cost a thing&quot; is one of my favorite songs &quot;Carino&quot; is a hot latin infulenced song. The whole album rocks. Get J-lo you won't be disappointed
B000002C1W|3.0|Ok, firstly the way you judge this album depends on what you compare it to. If you look at it with the other floyd albums, this album is awful. Every Floyd release has been special but this just seems to be there for its own sake. However, that said, it is a lot better than some of the other music coming out of the eighties. The whole album just seems empty and alone - it tries hard but ultimately tries too hard. Gilmour's lyrics are lacking in total meaning but as usual his guitar work is astounding (On The Turning Away). The songs on themselves stand up pretty well but that is all. It is a collection of songs, not an album - there is a subtle difference. I think that the songs are actually very good but the whole 80s production techniques and drum sounds detract immensely from this. Perhaps a redone version of it with 'Division Bell' production would see this album fare better....just look at neil young's trans and his version of transformer man on the unplugged album. It showed that it was amazing after all - there is hope!! I think i may be one of the few to actually *like* Dogs of War - the soloing at the end is very evocative. Learning to Fly, On the Turning Away, Terminal Frost and Sorrow are all very good anyway, but all seem to lack the touch that Waters could have brought. Reading this review, you may think that i hate this album. That is wrong - i just dont think that it is a worthy album of the Floyd name. The Division Bell is a lot better. If you want something without Waters, get that or Pulse. Then, if you are a Floyd fan and have most of the 70s stuff, think about this.
068484267X|2.0|Mr McCourt was the unfortunate victim of a disease - his father's alcoholism - and not that fate worse than death, an Irish Catholic childhood.His story strains credibility;moreover, he perpetuates negative stereotypes.  I loved his verbal agility and hated his manipulation of the reader
0393317552|5.0|I have never reviewed a book before, but wanted to put my 2 cents in for this one. Being a voracious reader, but little more than a high school education, it was a pleasure to read a scientific book that I could understand. Archeology and paleontology has always fascinated me but most books on these subjects leave a lot of unanswered questions. &quot;Guns, Germs and Steel&quot; has answered some of them. I have underlined sentances, written in the margins, made lists of more questions. The origin of cultures, yes, even races, languages and technology are all addressed in this book. Now I know where we have been and can catch a glimmer of where we might be going. For us lay persons, this book turns technicalese into plain, understanable english.
B00004TJTQ|5.0|like many of the people who have reviewed this movie have said i too thought this movie was a film for little kids when i saw the movie trailer when it came to theaters in 1999. my dog skip premired on hbo this past saturday and last night nothing else was on so i decided to watch it and let me tell you that i wasn't really prepaired for what i was about to watch. i was expecting one of those lassie type movies or a air bud movie with a cute little dog that did all this funny stuff but what i got was a nice story based on someone's life and a nice little movie that was very moving. i personally started to get the feeling a little ways into the movie when the dog was given to willis (played by then little known actore frankie munez who of course is now in one of the best/funniest t.v. sitcoms ever malcom in the middle). it always makes me a little nervouse with animals (expecially dogs and cats and other family pets)in movies like this cause i hate seeing animals killed (i was even mad that the dog in gladiator was killed so that tells you how i am). anyways...like i said and many other said the story is true (which i didn't know until it flashed up on the screen and i knew that it had to be more than a air bud movie). anyone with a pet (expecially a dog)may have a hard time making it through certain parts in this film i will say (i admit to getting very teary eyed in some parts and i'm a 22 year old guy into punk rock!)my dog skip is definetly worth viewing and i plan on buying this one at somepoint because it touched and moved me that much. to anyone who has ever had a certain bond with a dog or cat and felt like they were closer to them then any friend was and sometimes that's all you really had (i've been there and sadly i lost the last real piece of my childhood last may when my 20 year old cat(who was ran over 3 years earlier but bounced back and had more energy then a kitten and she also had a few diseases)died. it was one of the saddest days i've ever been through (the process of taking her to the vet to have her put to sleep and me being the last person to hold her and see her)but that's apart of life and animals are just as important as people and this movie will definetly make you realize that. go rent/buy my dog skip now and prepair to laugh,get angry, and cry because that's what this film most likely will do. it's a film for everyone not just kids because this is something alot of us have gone through and it deserves to be seen by all!
B000005K4H|5.0|this is a fabulous cd! even when my daughter was 12 she liked it and so did her friends!
B000002UZ6|3.0|The good news is that this album covers many of Tina's solo hits when she rocked in the 1980's, which are just fantastic in plain English.  The bad news is that many songs are the single versions, not the album versions.  On the back of the CD case, it says Private Dancer is 4 minutes and Better Be Good is three and little over a half minutes.  I find that insulting.  Those are my two favorite songs from her, and they have been edited for the collection.  I do give the Capitol Record Company credit for having the time limits labeled on the back, but what a disappointment.  I really don't know who is to blame, but I have been disappointed with her Capitol CDs.  Since I was young, I had the LP of Private Dancer.  The CD, though, does not hold the original cover of Tina lying with fishnet stockings and looking serious.  It was one of the most awesome album covers of the 1980's.  It was on the LP and the same picture was on the &quot;What's Love Got To Do With It&quot; single.  Instead, the CD has the picture of Tina and the cat that was on the front jacket of the LP.  At least the original songs are still mastered on the Private Dancer CD.  I actually, in 1994, received a greatest hits album that was available on cassette from Cema records which held ten songs, &quot;Nutbush City Limits&quot;, Steamy Windows&quot;, We Don't Need Another Hero&quot;, &quot;Private Dancer&quot; &quot;I Don't Want to Fight&quot; &quot;Better Be Good&quot;, &quot;Let's Stay Together&quot;, &quot;What's Love Got To Do With It&quot;, &quot;Typical Male&quot; and &quot;The Best&quot;.  Surprisingly, &quot;Private Dancer&quot; and &quot;Let's Stay Together&quot; were the full album versions, unlike &quot;Simply the Best&quot;.  It alos has the original album version of &quot;I don't wanna fight&quot; from Tina movie soundtrack, which came after &quot;Simply the Best&quot;.  The album was also credited to be executive produced by Tina Turner and Roger Davies.  &quot;Simply the Best&quot; is credited to being executive produced by only Roger Davies.  Too bad Tina's Greatest Hits  from Cema in 1994 is not available on CD.  At least it had some album material on it.  Still, this album, &quot;Simply the Best&quot; really gets a five stars for Tina's fantastic voice and her friendly attitude.  The reason I have giving it three stars is that it rotten to take the originality from her album versions, which are fantastic in there own way. Thanks for reading.
B00004TL21|4.0|I usually dont listen to extremley hard rock bands. I enjoy bands with a bit more of a mellow sound like 311,incubus,and sublime.I was very suprised though at how mellow this album was.I heard some of their older stuff and it didnt sound so amazing. But I had heard this album would be different so i picked it up and loved it. This was much more of an alternative cd than a rock/rap cd. The first track( i dont know how to spell it) is a pretty cool opener, Street Carp, Korea, and Elite similar to that song. Knife prty( my favorite track), Rx queen, digital bath, and Change are very mellow and creative songs. Also Pink Maggit is great. I really like how its just guitar and vocals at certain points. This might be my favorite album of 2000, and i recomend it to everyone.
B00000K458|4.0|The quality of this album is still as thrilling as their former classics (in search of space, Space Rituals, etc.) The song cycles are inspiring and impressive. However, we could saw a crisis that Hawkwind was beginning to repeat themselves (which later came true) and began to craft their songs instead of filling it with accidential muse. The songs are less intact, and we could see more &quot;individual works&quot; (like excellent solo Hall of the Mountain Grill, Goat Willow by the two Keyboard wizzard Simon House and Del Dettmar) but less fascinating collaboration, which is a trademark found in &quot;Space Ritual&quot;. It seems that Hawkwind were beginning to degenerate. Anyway, it's still a great work in 70's work.
B000056HOZ|5.0|Springsteen's songs are so cinematic in nature, that on some levels, videos seem a good match.  Sure enough, that is reflected in the titles here.  We have no less than 3 videos here with film clips, all stellar films.  We have John Sales directing a short story version of I'm on Fire.  Brian DePalma, Jonathan Demme, Tim Robbins, & Sean Penn also make appearences in the credits.    This is a fine collection of videos, like the music, that is basic, non-flashy, and direct.  It also contains many live concert videos, which, of course, are wonderfull glimpes into the magic that Springsteen brings to the stage.    The Atlantic City, I'm on Fire, Brilliant Disguise, Human Touch, Secret Garden, Ghost of Tom Joad, Streets of Philidelphia, and Highway Patrolman videos are the highlights of the non-performance selections. Of the live footage, an extremely energetic 'Rosalita' from '78, a hilarious 'Fire,' a totally reworked and beautiful 'Born to Run,' an angry 'Spare Parts,' a spectacular 'Leap of Faith,' and a moving If I Should Fall Behind are the best.    Best of all is the closing clip of Bruce reworking Born in the USA solo on guitar for the Charlie Rose show.  This ledgendary athem of rage is transformed into a dying whisper.    This is video collection with very few misses, and a rich collection of Springsteen's quiet but successfull stroll into the world of videos.
B000003BEM|2.0|Heiled as &quot;a classic of delta blues&quot;, I am quite disappointed about the quality of the music. This is a PRODUCT of the Rolling Stones, so what they made must be a classics, expectally when the stuff are acceptable... but I think there are whole lot of Blues Players made much more inspiring stuff (let's say John Mayall, Peter Green, etc.) and both technically and musically they are far beyond the Rolling Stones. The lyrics are controversial at their time, but just stupid slogans nowadays. Sorry Rolling Stones fans, this review is for prog. rock lovers or Krautrock lovers. Nevertheless, &quot;No expectation&quot; is a good song that worth me give a 2 star for the WHOLE album.
B000021XS0|5.0|The most amazing rock album I have ever heard...and will probably ever hear! This album is up there with Rush 2112, Pink Floyd The Wall, and Led Zeppelin IV. A great balance of technical prowess and good, human, songs.<br />Rock on!
B00005214X|5.0|This has always been my favorite solo project by one the Beatles.  I was always disappointed by the mastering job on the original CD release.  Too thin and flat.  This release takes care of that.  The sound is greatly improved.  The bonus tracks are interesting also.  George comments that the impulse to pare down some of the tracks was tempting, but he chose to remain faithful to the original mix.  I am glad he refrained.  I now await the reissue of the rest of the Harrison catalog this year.
B000002GGO|5.0|Americans don't have any clue as to how good -- and how huge -- Simple Minds were.  I was a GI in Germany when this brilliant album came out and I first saw Simple Minds in concert. They were big in Europe then -- a full year before &quot;Don't You Forget About Me&quot; -- the show was great, and singer Jim Kerr was everything you could want in a front man. (No wonder the Pretenders' Chrissy Hynde snapped him up!) Like U2, Simple Minds at their peak had an original, atmospheric sound...a keen taste for effective bombast...a deep, sincere spiritual mooring...and songs that mattered and made you want to sing along. This album is packed full of them -- from the urgent, pounding cadences of &quot;Up on the Catwalk&quot; to the seductive pulse of &quot;Waterfront&quot; to the full-throttle abandon of &quot;Kick Inside of Me.&quot; Both &quot;New Gold Dream&quot; and &quot;Sparkle in the Rain&quot; have held up exceedingly well over the last 15+ years, and I strongly recommend starting with either of these albums rather than the Glittering Prize best-of collections. Both CDs hang together well and contain wonderful cuts you can't get anywhere else. To listen to Sparkle in the Rain makes me feel 19 and idealistic again (I'm  36 and semi-idealistic). It also captures so much of what made rock so exciting in the early 80s. It wasn't just about haircuts, attitudes and raincoats. It was about still believing that music matters and can move mountains. No matter how jaded you think you are, one listen to &quot;Sparkle&quot; will give you a jolt to the soul you won't soon forget.
B00000J2KT|4.0|The MAIN reason I bought a DVD player in the first place was that most films are released in their original theatrical aspect ratio.  This is not the case with Full Metal Jacket, per orders of Kubricik himself.  I can understand if the aspect ratio is only 1.33:1 (like Clockwork Orange), but this was released in correct ratio, why not an even &quot;wider&quot; widescreen for FMJ?
B000002LLC|5.0|This album is by far her most differtent, a soundtrack of sorts, though only 3 tracks are from Dick Tracy. This is the first Madonna album I listened to, and was utterly impressed especially by Hanky Panky and Vogue (Vogue was later added to up album sales.) This album makes you long to see Madonna is a 30's musical extravaganza. The packaging is bad, though. The packaging looks more like I'm Lifeless. Here are the tracks and how I rate them from 0(bomb)-10++++(outstanding)<br />1. He's A Man 10<br />2. Sooner Or Later 10<br />3. Hanky Panky 10+++<br />4. I'm Going Bananas 10++<br />5. Cry Baby 9<br />6. Something To Remember 10<br />7. Back In Business 10<br />8. More 10<br />9. What Can You Lose? 8++++<br />10. Now I'm Following You Part 1 10+<br />11. Now I'm Following You Part 2 10+<br />12. Vogue 10++++<br />Overall Grade: A- (10)
0792156684|1.0|What a montrous waste. Titanic's story COULD have been made into a really great movie, but this isn't it (in fact &quot;A Night To Remember&quot; beats this hands down). The Rose/Jack plot wasn't the biggest problem I had with it, although I did not find it interesting. And, what was the idea (at the end) with Jack saying &quot;never let go Rose, never let go&quot; and then he dies, and what does she do? She lets go of him and lets his body sink. STUPID. <br />My major problem with this movie... all that running around below decks with water up to their knees, waists, etc. They would have had hyperthermia in five minutes, been dead in ten. End of Jack and Rose (I wish).<br />Special effects... did Cameron really have to show the same computer generated picture of the ship cutting through the water over and over. One, it was going WAY TO FAST; two, the same birds in the same place every time. Creativity anyone? Realism? <br />Which brings me to all the pre-distribution hype. I've read that James Cameron is a perfectionist. I went to see the movie hoping to see a realistic movie about the sinking of the Titanic, with great special effects. Instead I saw the sappy Rose/Jack story, incredible amounts of time spent running through frigid water, redundant special effects, etc.<br />One last complaint, I knew instantly that the older Rose still had the jewel and was going to toss it overboard. A director of Cameron's stature should have been able to create some suspense.<br />Whatever redeeming qualities this movie had were lost on me, I found it totally unbelievable, incredibly flawed and (sorry)boring as could be. For a fascinating look at the Titanic, read any of the non-fictions books out there.
0783241038|5.0|I love send-ups and parodies, and this movie pushed all the right buttons. As a fan of science fiction and fantasy (though not quite as ardent as some of those portrayed in the film, thank goodness), I know what it's like to obsess over completely pointless little details in fiction just for the fun of it.<br />The premise of the movie is perfect, and hilarious in itself. The hero-worshipping aliens, with full confidence in the drunken Tim Allen, are a hoot, and the contemptuous, stereotypicallly evil villain is a great counterpoint and straight-man.<br />The people playing the ex-cast of the TV show are all great too, especially Alan Rickman as the Shakespearean actor doomed to endlessly repeat a riduculous catch-phrase line to adoring fans. I also loved the former extra who spends the entire movie convinced he's about to die, and the technician-type bloke who falls for the female alien. Also funny was the way they all gradually crept into the roles they played in the series.<br />Both the overall plot and the individual situations work well. I particularly enjoyed the bits where the crazed fans back on Earth helped out, and the very clever coda at the end.<br />Funniest piece of dialogue (possibly):  &quot;You don't think Gilligan's Island is real, do you?&quot; &quot;Those poor people, stranded so far from home...&quot;<br />Watch this movie and brighten up your day - definitely one of the best comedies I've seen.
6305426651|5.0|I teach a freshman level class at my university and one day we were doing a unit on diversity and decided to watch a movie. When I picked out this one, they were all grumbling because of the subtitles. Let me just say that this movie ran half an hour past class and EACH one of my students stayed to see the end. MOst of us were in tears by the end. The story about the human spirit and what the father did to protect his child is sooo moving. I admit, the beginning starts out kind of...different, but once you get into it, it is absolutley one of the best movies of all time.
0783241542|4.0|I'm not a big fan of gross-out humour, yet I still enjoyed this film. The 'EWWWWWW!' moments were subtle and far between enough that they didn't completely overwhelm the movie, and screamingly funny just from the situations the characters had got themselves into.<BR>The basic premise is beautifully simple: after being taunted by a supposedly more experienced classmate, our four young heroes set out to lose their virginity by prom night. Each of them is a distinct character, and they go about their mission in interestingly different ways. My favourite, I think, was the lacrosse-playing jock who joined the choir, discovered a talent he never knew he had, and managed to fall in love along the way. In fact, I think there might actually, Powers That Be forbid it, be some lessons to be learned from this movie!<BR>Such considerations aside, the movie is just generally hilarious. My nomination for funniest character was the computer nerd's father, whose bumbling attempts to talk to his son about sex will strike a chord with many. Show the scenes with him to your parents as a shining example of what NOT to do. The girl who acts in a sort of advisory capacity to the boys is enjoyable to watch too, as the sane, wise one amid a sea of reckless abandon.<BR>Another thing I enjoyed was to see two of the actresses in roles rather different to the ones they are identified with. Mena Suvari (the alluring Lolita-type from American Beauty) plays a nice normal choirgirl, while Alyson Hannigan's (Willow from Buffy: The Vampire Slayer) character's antics 'one time, at band camp' would have Giles coughing his tea all over the place in shock.<BR>A great laugh, and sure to amuse anyone who remembers what it's like to be a teenager.
1558807381|5.0|2 Unicorns, 1 Dark Lord, 1 Beautiful Princess, 1 Jack of the Forest, Good vs. Evil, throw in a few Elves and Goblins and a willful Sprite and you have the ULTIMATE fantasy flick! From the sets, to the costumes, to the soundtrack, this is a Fairy Tale come stunningly to life. In spite of being an older film the quality still shines and keeps it from being dated. In my opinion it's a Classic. If you're a Dreamer, if you believe love conquers all, if you believe in Magic...or if you just want to see a great portrayal of Satan, this is THE movie to see!
B000050XEI|4.0|Somebody from the first week of January was sure a sorehead! I'd guess Enya has as much variety in her albums as anyone and a greater level of general quality than most, probably why she makes all the money that guy whines about. When a performer changes their style every album they lose people, I like having some idea of what I'm putting my money down for. If you like Enya you'll like this album although it was a little slower paced than some of her work I thought and I do wish there was a longer list of songs included. I wonder what the European version has that the U.S. issue doesn't have (someone mentioned that it was longer.)
B000056VIY|5.0|J.LO is Jennifer's second album and I must admit that it's excellent.Here's my own review of each title:<br />1/Love don't cost a thing is definitly not the best tune, even if it's a good effort. 4/5<br />2/I'm real is a R'n'B song, it ain't revolutionary but it's  really good. An excellent chorus. 4/5<br />3/Play is maybe the best track on the album. A fantastic beat, an original sound and a very catchy chorus. 5/5<br />4/Walking on sunshine is an up-tempo song produced by Puff Daddy and it's not really wonderful.The worst song of the CD though it ain't dud. 2,5/5<br />5/Ain't it funny is one of the latino tunes; the beat and the chorus make it an excellent track. 5/5<br />6/Carino is a spanglish song with powerful cubano/salsa vibes and a catchy chorus. 4,5/5<br />7/Come over is the first low-tempo track of the CD;it has pretty hot lyrics.A smoothy song. 4/5<br />8/We gotta talk : another R'n'B tune, but not as good as I'm real though it has a funky atmosphere. 3,5/5<br />9/That's not me : excellent lyrics, and a tragic sound that makes the album deeper. 5/5<br />10/Dance with me : my favorite song ; a catchy chorus, with a jungle/latino tone. An incredibly addictive track. 5/5<br />11/Secretly : written by Jennifer herself, it's the other slow track on the CD.It has something like a jazzy atmosphere. 3,5/5<br />12/I'm gonna be alright is a very good song with positive lyrics. Once again, it ain't a new stuff but it still works well and makes you feel happy. 4/5<br />13/That's the way : produced by Rodney Jerkins; it's a brilliant track which sounds a little like If you had my love. Another catchy chorus. 5/5 <br />14/Dame is a whole spanish langage song and it's actually a duet with Chayanne. A conventional latino tune. 3,5/5<br />15/Si ya te acabo is a full spanish langage song too but it's far better from the precedent. 5/5<br />I hope it helped you to make your choice. See ya!
B00004XONN|5.0|In the immortal words of Chandler Bing: Oh my God! Radiohead's fourth studio album is phenomenal, to say the least and showcases  more talent from Thom &amp; Co. than possibly imagined. It may only be 10 songs this time, but every one truly comes through amazingly melancholic. Not sure about everyone else, but this is in my Top 10 list for Year 2000. Great tunes include Idioteque and How To disappear completely.
6303481272|5.0|This is the best Anime feature to come out in the past few years. It makes bad Anime like &quot;Pokepuke&quot; look truly awful in comparison. If you like action films, this is an irresistable treat! Calling this film &quot;action packed&quot; is an understatement but it has a good plot too.
B000001FYL|5.0|Since this one has been out for over ten years now,  I guess I should review it since itis my all time favorite soundtrack to any movie (even edging out The Crow).  This soundtrack is by far one of the best you can find.  It might also help, that thanks to the 2000 release of Crush (and the fact that Bon jovi is &quot;cool&quot; again People will buy this album.  I ,myself, have worn out two tapes and am on my second cd version of this one.  It's just incredible.  After eleven years,  I still get goosebumps after &quot;Santa Fe&quot;.  I'm also very pleased with how jon and the boys have handled themselves after all these years and how they survived the grunge, industrial, rap-metal trends that murdered nearly everyone else from their era.  However, they did survive for a reason, not luck.  Their music was actually good.  not just a flavor of the month.  If you're a long time Bon jovi fan you probably already own it,  but if you're a newcomer,  check this out.  I think you will be pleased to see the magic that made you buy Crush,  was here then, just like it always was.  I'm kinda sad to say that the rest of the band wasn't there for this one (although there is CERTAINLY nothing wrong with Jeff Beck's playing).  In a lot of ways, this film is just like the movie,  wild and rocking.  check it out and for give this somewhat sporadic and incohesive review.  Enjoy.
B000023X9W|1.0|I'm a big fan of Neil Young when he is on a roll, but he has put out some lousy material over the years. This CD was almost physically painful for me to listen to. It didn't sound like he had anything to say, so he spent forty minutes not saying anything. I liked Comes A Time and parts of Harvest Moon, but this just struck me as a very lazy effort. I also object to new CD's being this short in duration. I realize that great music and length don't necessarily go together, but anything less than fifty minutes just seems like a rip-off given the price of CD's these days. I guess Neil couldn't stay awake long enough to go any further.
B000001IPL|5.0|This is the BEST Offspring CD by far that I have heard. It does not have the best music, that honor goes to Conspiracy of One, but the lyrics-they mean something. In Conspiracy of One, the lyrics are there, but there's not much feeling, and the meaning takes a while to decipher. In these songs, such as &quot;What Happened to You?&quot; and &quot;Come Out And Play&quot;, the meaning is clear. The good old days of Offspring are the best. Get out there and buy this CD. You won't be disappointed.<br />Offspring is above everybody else in music. Keep 'em separated indeed. ROCK ON
B00004W5UA|5.0|Okay, I was 15 years old when NEVERMIND hit record stores, and like it or not that makes me a Nirvana kid (although I always found the Smashing Pumpkins more interesting, exhilarating, and musically talented but anyway). The sad thing is, the poor sap labelled spokesmodel for my generation killed himself...so what does that say about us? And as if that blow doesn't still sting, we have a movie like FIGHT CLUB...a movie that I admire (even though it pisses me off) because, like Tyler Durden, it speaks the truth. &quot;We are the middle children of history...no purpose.&quot; I am not sure if that is exactly how the quote goes, but you get the point...&quot;We have no great war, no great depression. Our war is a spiritual war, our great depression is our lives.&quot; How true. I have wandered throughout my teenage years feeling I had no purpose, nothing to struggle for. I thought it was just adolescence, but I still feel that way at 24. What are we doing in this life? Okay, the stock market crashes every few years. Murder and other violent crimes are on the rise. The federal government has pretty much waved the white flag on the war against drugs...but do I care? Not when I am bombarded by DVD ads, Playstation 2, weight loss programs, ab machines...superficial things. America's soul has died but we are trying to save our bodies (to paraphrase George Carlin), and it just doesn't work that way (the &quot;spiritual war&quot; of which Tyler speaks). And with the increase in multiple technologies we have everything at our fingertips these days...nothing to struggle for. I believe many of the violent crimes out there are indeed happening for the same reason Fight Club was created: there is no battle in our lives, and we actually have to go out of our way to CAUSE ourselves struggle. Violence for the sake of feeling like life has a challenge. Raised with the wool over our eyes by a society that would have us believe owning a yin yang coffee table makes you one step closer toperfection...and how are we to handle the truth once we finally find it? We can either bend over and take it as we have all our lives, we can take Tyler's solution of Project Mayhem, or we can strive to find some  middle ground.  Finding that happy medium is a difficult task, but it is one we should all take up, instead of resorting to madness that lies on the opposite extreme and thus bringing more chaos into our already-uncertain lives.
6305263299|5.0|Quite Possible the best vampire film that I have ever seen.  I wasn't scared by it(the film is not meant to scare people)but I was interested and amazed.  The characters are creepy and well played and Klaus Kinski is wonderful as Nosferatu (Dracula).  Can definetly be compared with Murnau's version.
0790725657|4.0|which brushes the heart like a brush upon a canvas. I have viewed this film many many times. A couple of nights ago, I even viewed it two times in a row. I absolutely love it. <br />I went to a mall to purchase it and traveled on a bus to get there. When I was returning a lady that was sitting in front of me heard me talk about the film with my friend whom came with me. She immediately turned around and said she loved the film too. Now the funny thing is this lady is in her 40s! I laughed and realized people will always love old-fashioned tales of good winning over evil with a fairy tale quality. <br />As was written on the VHS, &quot;this movie is magic and stunningly beautiful!&quot; and it is. Although I am not Indian, nor am I aware of any of the Hindu tales, Sara Crewe was very aware of the tales in the film. As you watch this movie you learn much about the fantasy oriented tales India had. Even her father said, &quot;India is the only place that stirs the imagination!&quot; <br />Above all this, I recomend this film to all women and little girls who want to see a fairy tale. It is most like Cinderella.
B00000IBRX|5.0|What Dreams May Come is a very powerful movie.  Simply put, it can make you think some very deep thoughts.  <br />     The story is very moving and brilliantly crafted.  The main character is a doctor named Chris (Robin Williams).  He has a wife (Annabella Sciorra) and two kids.  His family is great and he seems to be living the American dream.  Then his children are killed in a car accident and his life is shattered.  He spends the next four years trying to recover from the tragedy.  Then he is killed in another traffic accident and the story takes off as he goes to the beautiful afterlife.  <br />     The movie seamlessly transitions from present to flashback to give a sense that time is irrelevant in the afterlife and to fill in the rest of the story.  The first person he sees is a young version of the doctor he apprenticed under (Cuba Gooding Jr.) who later turns out to be someone else, but I won't tell you because I don't want to ruin any parts of the movie.  He is then taken to a beautiful heaven, which is actually his mental re-creation of one of his wife's paintings.  He later learns that his wife has committed suicide and in doing so has trapped herself in a never-ending spiral of guilt (a.k.a. Hell).  Chris then has to travel to the depths of Hell to find and attempt to bring back his wife.<br />     This movie is loaded with abstract thoughts and themes.  For example: Your obsessions in life will become your afterlife; Thought is real, physical is the illusion; God lets bad things happen to good people; and far too many others for me to list here.  <br />     The movie is visually breathtaking and the computer-generated graphics add greatly to the realness of the movie.  The acting is good and director obviously knew what he was doing.  I will recommend this movie to anyone who has ever contemplated his or her existence.
B000002MQ9|5.0|When I listen to this CD I'm taken away to a different time and a different world.  I'm thinking of wide areas of open fields and mideavil at the same time as I'm thinking of daily thoughts.<br />The album is full of sorrow and beaty at the same time.   Deep basstones and soft atmospheric strings combined with the wonderful voices of Lisa Gerrard and Brendan Perry makes my backbone shiver. It never gets tiresome. Instead the more you listen to it, the more you get involved in it. This is an album that you should listen to from the beginning to the end.  Wonderful when you want to relax, sleep or just think. Absolutely perfect with headphones in bed!<br />Even if you are not a big listener of this kind of music I think it's worth to give it a chance. Highly Recommended!
0800177177|5.0|When i saw this film i was 12 years old.But i cant still forget this.It was so effected to me.I think this film is the best francis ford coppolas film.The casts r wonderful and the places r so fascinating.Gary Oldman and Winona Ryder have been making an unbelievable role.I think dont miss it.
B000056VIY|5.0|Her new cd on J.LO. It's the bomb because it is so hip and hip. Her song and album can rock my world. It's the best cd I ever liked in my life time. I think that Latin people would listen to this kind of artist like Jennifer Lopez. Because she sings spanish songs. Especially, spanish people of their nationality would listen to her music. I know her cd would be my #1 cd/fan in the world.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I own this CD as well as Creed's first one. I have also seen them in concert twice. They are an INCREDIBLE band. Anyone else who says differently has no musical intelligence whatsoever. Creed is their OWN band...they follow no one else. Their Lyrics are from the heart and from experience. Rock on Creed!
B000056VIY|5.0|Viva la Jennifer Lopez!  This Cd has some great songs.  I especially LOVE &quot;my love dont cost a thing&quot; cuz U can totally relate to it.  Its hard to put this CD down!  I encourage anybody who likes music to give this CD a listen or 2!! g2g
B000056VIY|5.0|This CD is so awesome! The beats are slammin, and Love Don't Cost A Thing is the hottest jam eva! The rest of the songs rock too! Its got the most awesome dance songs, and some fab slow songs too!  They all have that phat latin flava to 'em!  Definitely worth the dough!
B0000542DG|3.0|This was a pretty good horror flick.  It wasn't as good as Scream or Scream 2 but has some pretty good gore.  The plot is good.  It was a bit confusing but you get it after a while.  The end leaves the viewer with suspense, waiting for a sequel.  I suggest renting it and seeing how you like it, and then buying it.  You should rent this movie if you like horror flicks. Devon Sawa and Ali Larter are also great actors who leave the viewer wanting more.  Rent this movie.
B000000OAN|3.0|I was a Queen fan back in 1974 and bought the Bohemian Rhapsody single, which I still have somewhere in its original cover.  But when it came to buying ANATO I was in for a disappointment. The album was too eclectic for my taste, varying from hard rock to Noel Coward. It's emotionally superficial. The trend continued with ADATR, which was the last Queen album I bought for a long time. Having said that, I saw Queen at Alexander Palace in London, in the early eighties and it was probably the best rock concert I've ever attended!<br />I highly recommend Queen II, which is more cohesive, more imaginative, more consistent.
B00005214X|5.0|Many of us 40-something Beatlemaniacs thought little of George Harrison.  It was not that we did not like him - we did.  It was not that he did not have talent - he did.  But he always seemed to suffer by comparison with his more glib and publicity friendly mates.  Let's face it--Lennon and McCartney were pretty stiff competition.<br />What did we know??  Songs like &quot;Something&quot;, &quot;Within You Without You&quot;, and &quot;Blue Jay Way&quot; should have tipped us off that there was genius there - and only in a band with talents like Lennon and McCartney would it be overlooked.<br />With that as a backdrop, the release of &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; stunned the critics and the public.  The two studio LPs (the third was a collection of jams)contained one geat song after another.  From the fun of the megahit &quot;My Sweet Lord,&quot; to the quiet contemplation of &quot;Isn't It A Pity,&quot; to the astonishing beauty of the little known (and my personal favorite) &quot;The Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp (Let It Roll)&quot;, this album just bowls the listener over with evidence of talent and genius. Harrison even holds his own with Bob Dylan in cowriting a song!<br />The remastering here only improves the album's sound, which was beautifully engineered in 1970.<br />Once again, the re-release of an album from the golden era of rock - and (one of ) the Beatles - shows the sorry state of what passes for popular music today.  Sure, it's more fun to look at Britney's belly button and speculate on the origins of her cleavage than it is to gaze upon the cover photo of the dour, unsmiling Harrison here, but does anyone seriously believe that her albums (or those of N'Sync, Backstreet Boys, Eminem, Destiny's Child, TLC, Christina Aguilera, etc.)will be reissued 31 years from now??<br />This is real music from a real talent.  It is great to have it back.
B0000024SI|5.0|Just recieved my copy [in Australia] from Amazon. This is a must for Dylan fans and should be in the top 5 of Dylan's Albumns.Carting this one to parties and &quot;Dylan&quot; evenings will be the coolestway to show you have not killed off all the brain cells!Long tracks reaching the summit, like the brilliant &quot;Desolation Row&quot; and &quot;Like a Rolling Stone&quot; THE best rock track of all times are there. Don't bother with detailed analysis - just buy it and let the investment appreciate!
B00004WG28|4.0|For an older woman who loves films. I have trouble sometimes finding one I really enjoy.  This was one that I loved from beginning to end.  The new to me actor Chow Yun-Fat was simply wonderful as the king.  The scenery and costumes were lovely.  Of course, I have read the original book and seen all the film versions, so the story is very familiar.  But it is still able to cast it's spell of a time and culture exotic and fascinating.  I loved it all.
B000002VMH|5.0|Most people won't even stop and portray Annie Lennox as a diva, but the truth is that only people with icredible taste can view Annie for the intelligence and beauty she eloquently expresses on this album. On Annie's debut record, she strays as far away from the immature side of herself (which was with Eurythmics), to bring a fresh new image of a woman ready to take the world by storm. Through sultry ballads, to catchy pop songs, Annie's liberal self really shines through (and this is her debut album!). &quot;Why&quot; is probably the most well-written ballads about a relationship gone sour, &quot;Walking On Broken Glass,&quot; &quot;Cold,&quot; and &quot;The Gift&quot; seem to carry the same emotion, but on a different level, &quot;Precious&quot; will make some happy mothers sing along because this song paints a picture that it's about &quot;joys of motherhood,&quot; and so the album carrys on with some very beautiful numbers (&quot;Money Can't Buy It,&quot; &quot;Little Bird,&quot; &quot;Primitive,&quot; and &quot;Stay By Me&quot;) and a number that has nostalgia written all over it (&quot;Legend In My Living Room.&quot;) So don't you say that Annie Lennox isn't a diva, you have to buy this album and look and the beauty this album possesses, then you tell me.
0767903811|2.0|Bill Bryson, I'm a Stranger Here Myself (Broadway Books, 1999)<br /><br />At funtrivia.com, one of the (many) ways a quiz can go from a relatively high ranking to \\"very poor\\" between the time I start and the time I finish is a factual error that causes me to get a question wrong. Research is a beautiful thing.<br /><br />Half of me is willing to give Bill Bryson the benefit of the doubt; the other half is ready to excoriate him on what may be a false impression. I'll attempt to keep it reserved.<br /><br />Bryson's column \\"The Waste Generation,\\" about two-thirds of the way through I'm a Stranger Here Myself, starts off with a statistic that's quite simply wrong (\\"One of the most arresting statistics I have seen in a good while is that 5 percent of all the energy used in the United States is consumed by computers that have been left on all night.\\" Wrong; a computer and a monitor, left on twenty-four hours a day, together consume approximately a dollar's worth of electricity per month. The computer is one of the most energy-efficient machines on the planet today). The American home computer revolution happened while Bryson was out of the country, so I'm willing to give him the benefit of the doubt. It would have been nice, however, had he mentioned his source.<br /><br />[ed.note 2013: using easily-available energy calculators on the Internet, going by my current electricity rate and the size of my computer's power source (450W), the current amount of power my computer uses is approximately twenty-eight cents per month, left on 24/7. I have been told this number would only be applicable if both cores in my CPU were maxed the whole time, so the actual amount is probably far less than this. I am willing to continue giving some benefit of the doubt in that EnergyStar may not have been as ubiquitous in 1999 as it is fifteen years later, but the fact remains: if you live in a dwelling with more than three rooms, your incandescent light bulbs likely cost more to use per months than your computers.]<br /><br />A forgivable error, perhaps, though basing a whole column on it is rather disturbing. But the part of the column that bugs me is farther down: \\"I have glanced out hotel room windows late at night, in a variety of cities, and been struck by the fact that lots of lights in lots of office buildings are still burning... why don't we turn these things off?... Why, after all, go through the irksome annoyance of waiting twenty seconds for your computer to warm up each morning when you can have it at your immediate beck by leaving it on all night?\\"<br /><br />Two different questions with two entirely different answers, but Bryson goes on to turn it into a discussion of American wastefulness with its natural resources. He may be reaching the right conclusion, but if so, he's doing a 180 from where he started. To answer the latter question first, in modern computers with the Energy Saver features (which do nothing of the sort) turned off, it takes less power to leave a computer on all night than it does to shut it down and start it up. (To address another point he makes in the same passage, it's also more efficient to leave cars running for short periods rather than turning them off and back on. Any electrical appliance requires something of an electrical security deposit to get started, just like an apartment renter has to put down \\"amount of monthly rent times three\\" or somesuch in order to move in.) The former answer takes longer, but the short answer is that the Federal government, during the 1974 oil crisis, was taking out full-page ads in various magazines (I used to see them on a regular basis in Time) telling us that leaving lights on all night in buildings is what we SHOULD do, because electric lights give off heat, and at the time it was cheaper to heat a building by leaving its lights on and cranking the gas heat down six degrees or so. That situation went away with the end of the fuel crisis, of course, but the government nevertook those ads out in time.<br /><br />Here's where I get a little wonky with Bryson. The subtitle of the book is \\"Notes on returning to America aftetr twenty years away.\\" If the number is, in fact, twenty, then Bryson was in the country when the Government was running those full-page ads. And thus, given that he's all too well aware of the average Joe's lack of common sense, he could have come to the same conclusion by poking fun at the fact that the average Joe never stopped leaving the lights on all night after the fuel crisis was over. But he doesn't.<br /><br />Humor is a wonderful thing (and let me hasten to say that there is a good deal of it here), but one of the prerequisites for humor of any sort should be that's it's based on fact. The humorist is, in many cases (and certainly in this one) using humor to get a point across, and doing so with factual errors leaves a very bad taste in my mouth. Factual errors by ignorance leave less of a bad taste in my mouth than factual errors by design. That's what I see in this essay, and it makes me wonder how many others, with circumstances with which I'm less acquainted in this book, are founded on the same sleight of hand. Perhaps one error shouldn't taint my view of a whole book, but I can't help it. After all, when an expert witness admits he falsified one fact in one trial that changed the outcome, how often do you think he'll be getting called to testify after that?<br /><br />I try to give Bryson the benefit of the doubt for most of it, because his heart's mostly in the right place, and his brand of humor is the understated, easy kind that resides at the top of the humor heap. But I'll never be able to read another word of Bryson's without the 1974 energy crisis in the back of my head. **took those ads out in time.<br /><br />Here's where I get a little wonky with Bryson. The subtitle of the book is \\"Notes on returning to America aftetr twenty years away.\\" If the number is, in fact, twenty, then Bryson was in the country when the Government was running those full-page ads. And thus, given that he's all too well aware of the average Joe's lack of common sense, he could have come to the same conclusion by poking fun at the fact that the average Joe never stopped leaving the lights on all night after the fuel crisis was over. But he doesn't.<br /><br />Humor is a wonderful thing (and let me hasten to say that there is a good deal of it here), but one of the prerequisites for humor of any sort should be that's it's based on fact. The humorist is, in many cases (and certainly in this one) using humor to get a point across, and doing so with factual errors leaves a very bad taste in my mouth. Factual errors by ignorance leave less of a bad taste in my mouth than factual errors by design. That's what I see in this essay, and it makes me wonder how many others, with circumstances with which I'm less acquainted in this book, are founded on the same sleight of hand. Perhaps one error shouldn't taint my view of a whole book, but I can't help it. After all, when an expert witness admits he falsified one fact in one trial that changed the outcome, how often do you think he'll be getting called to testify after that?<br /><br />I try to give Bryson the benefit of the doubt for most of it, because his heart's mostly in the right place, and his brand of humor is the understated, easy kind that resides at the top of the humor heap. But I'll never be able to read another word of Bryson's without the 1974 energy crisis in the back of my head. **
0792846338|5.0|Stephen King's novel &quot;Misery&quot; is perhaps one of the most well-written books ever. By bringing that concept to the film, he's painted the perfect mental picture of Annie Wilkes (Kathy Bates), the tormented fan of the author Paul Sheldon (James Caan), who will stop at nothing of locking him up in a sort of a solitude room, torturing him at any cost of keeping him where she thinks he needs to be. Paul Sheldon thinks up every diversion to escape the wrath of Annie, but will he ever get out? Directed by the brilliant Rob Reiner, &quot;Misery&quot; can easily be one of the 90's greatest movies.
B000056VIY|3.0|Track #5 Ain't it funny sounds weird.  The chorus sounds like the chipmunks are singing it. Track #15 is really good.  Track#6 Carino reminds me of a Carlos Santana song.   I'm a Jennifer Lopez fan and enjoy her work but I'm not too satisfied with this cd.
B0000508U6|4.0|Everyone compares this singer to Thom Yorke of Radiohead, but frankly, he sounds more like Dave Matthews to me. Doesn't matter, I like Dave Matthews fine and I like Coldplay fine too. The track &quot;Spies&quot; grabbed me right away and the rest of it is quickly growing on me. Bravo.
B000056VIY|3.0|A fine piece of music..Oopps, I did it again.  What I meant to say was, a fine piece of ass.  And the music is pretty good too, but one has to know your best attributes and with Ms. J.Lo, those are in her back side.. The music keeps with the times, and doesn't go off in any tangents as you can tell how much $ went into its production.  Problem is - I don't remember any of the songs and I just listened to the album five minutes ago. And it's not the drugs mahhn...I just wish Ms. J.lo will record &quot;Shake Ya Ass&quot; on her next album.  Talk about the DVD sales on that one.  I'd buy that for a dollar.
185984054X|1.0|This is sort of book we have come to expect from this author - poorly researched, bereft of footnotes or bibliography, sneering, opposed to reason and aimed at pseudo intellectuals, especially those who believe that atheism inevitably leads to careful thought. In order to begin to understand mother Teresa you must possess some minimal knowledge of the doctrines of the Catholic Faith. Hitchens does not. Here are just a few of his clangers. 1. p88 he believes that conscientious Christians believe that it is not for them to forgive others! 2. p51 he believes that the Catholic Church is opposed to the Natural Method as taught in Humanae Vitae (i.e hasn't even read Humanae Vitae), and appears unaware of the distinction between artificial contraception and the natural method. 3. In the introduction of his book he opposes reason with 'knowing' - interesting to see how this statement equates what he believes to be rationalism wih emotionalism - making him opposed to the reason he unconvincingly affects to admire. 4. He completely misrepresents John 12.8 (see p. 28-29 The Missionary Position).Almsdeeds are a condition of access to heaven. 5. A simple point of logic - apparently for Hitchens a woman who in having an abortion doesn's believe that she is killing someone, isn't! How such solipsism can be equated to reasoning remains to be seen (see p.57).<br />The rest of this tract then accuses her of guilt by association and the fact that her hospices aren't hospitals!! What is wrong with accepting money from undesirable people and using it to do good? Does Hitchens deny the undeniable link between increased use of contraceptives and abortion? What is the supposed crime in accepting money from those who know you are a Christian missionary in order to do the work of a Christian missionary? The simple reason behind this ludicrous and ill informed attack is an unease over Mother Teresa's message. In attacking that message, the author has ended up attacking not only the Catholic faith, but also reason and truth.
B000056VIY|5.0|Hey people i think you should purchase J-LO!!!! it is such a good cd!!! jennifer's voice has gotten fuller in alot of her songs and she has alot of good dance songs. this is a real party albulm!!! heres my review on the albulm:<br />Love Dont Cost A Thing: Very upbeat and Very swift to lift up your mood and its easy to catch on with the words.<br />I'm Real: 80ish hind of song but still great Jennifers Voice is Really pretty in this song.<br />Play: Very dancable and fun to listen too.<br />Walkin On Sunshine: a Dancable yet this song has a great meaning to it and can lift you mood up high.<br />Aint it Funny: This song has a latin beat with english words and this song is like enrique igleseas's Bailamos but better!!!<br />Carino: Has marc Anthonys band playing and singing the chorus the word are in english and the beat is so PHAT!!!<br />Come Over: the first slow song on the albulm. this song is r&amp;b and very Sexual. its slow but you still can kind of dance to it to.<br />We gotta Talk: in this song jennifer sets the record straight that when your in a relationship music does talk and instead of telling your lover something thats hard to say just dedicate a song like this to them if they are now really paying attention to you. GREAT SONG!!!!!!!<br />Thats not me: good song!!! puffy produced this song and it has his hip hoppy style in it.<br />Dance with me: Puff daddy produced song that has a good beat and has a good up beat.<br />Secretely: Jennifers 2nd slow song for those intimate moments if you know what i mean.<br />I'm gonna be alright: this song should be one of her singles. it has a great beat and is a womenly song that sets the record straight for there boyfriends.<br />Thats the way: this is like my favorite song on this alblulm it has good meaningful words and a great beat and in this song jennifer shows her r&amp;b voice clearly which her voice is beatiful.<br />Dame: great song with Chayanne. jennifer gos back too her latin roots and this song is very sensual. In SPANISH.<br />Si Ya Se Acabo: this song truly shows the power of jennifers voice in spanish alone!!!! this song is great!!!!!!!!!!!!<br />Okay there is my revie i hope it can help you to choose to buy this cd its great. like i said this is a great party albulm!!! this cd is great you shou buy it NOW!!!!!
B000056VIY|3.0|I just purchased Jennifer Lopez's sophmore cd self entiled J-Lo today. I was surprised to find out that she co-wrote six tracks on this album of 15.That was impressive. Love Don't Cost a Thing, is a great upbeat song with lots of style, which I am sure you have heard that song before. The next track I'm Real, basically sounds like any other fast dance song. I really like her next track called Play, it had an awsome beat and a really catching tune. I was very dissapointed however that she cursed in this song. She said DJ play my mother F***** Song. Fill in the stars. I really did not like that and thought that it was not needed. I can't listen to this track say when my mom drives me to school becuase I would be sheepish when she said that. But if you don't care, and can overlook that it is probably one of the best songs on the CD. Next I like Dance with Me, it is another upbeat dance song. I really don't like the rest of the slow songs becuase to me they all sound the same, and aren't really catchy. However with the ballids she shows off her true voice. Now only if she would every sing live.If you are a fan of J-lO I would buy this CD, even if you don't like her that much, there are about 4 songs on it that are good witch make it worth your money. Enjoy!! =0)
B000056VIY|5.0|This cd is so good so different from on the 6!!! this is a more paty albulm that has great beats. i recommend you to buy this cd b/cuz here are my reasons:<br />love dont cast a thing: great song with a very good beat nad it has a very good meaning to it.<br />I'm real: this song is very 80ish something that janet jackson would sing but its still a great song!!!!!<br />Play: her next single!!! this is a great track that has a very dancable beat and it is very uplifting!!!!!1<br />Walking on sunhine: great meaning to it and ver retro and upbeat.<br />Aint it funny: this song is like enrique igleseas bailamos but way better!!!!<br />Carino: first latin song but sung in english. it has marc anthonys band playing the song and singing the chorus.<br />Come Over: the first slow song on the albulm very r&amp;b and Very Sexual.<br />We Gotta Talk: very upbeat with a hip hoppish beat.<br />Thats not me: puff daddy produced song that has a good style of music that jennifer likes.<br />Dance with me: puffy produced with great beat and fluintly vocals.<br />Secretely: 2nd and last slow song on the albulm. great for those intimate moments if you know what i mean.<br />I'm gonna be alright: great song with womenly feel to it.<br />Thats the way: this is probably one of the best songs on the albulm. it has a really cool song and jennifer sings it great.<br />Dame: Duet with Chayanne!!! this is a good song that jennifer  goes back to her latin roots.<br />Si Ya Se Acabo: a song that jennifer really shows her vocal skils. beatifully sung and a great salsa beat!!!!!<br />overall i gave this albulm 5 stars b/cuz its great for partys!!! it can get practically anybody in a good mood when there down. ithink you should go and buy this albulm its great!!!!!!!
0792156684|2.0|This movie takes a great and moving story, but grafts on top of it a puerile love drama. Too bad!
B000056VIY|5.0|This cd is da bomb!!!!!!!!!! I recomended that everyone go out and purchase a copy of this cd. J.Lo is 10 times better than on the 6.
0451526279|5.0|&quot;And you have forgotten one matter of joy to me,&quot; said Emma, &quot;and a very considerable one--that I  made the match myself. I made the match, you know, four years ago; and to have it take place, and  be proved in the right, when so many people said Mr. Weston would never marry again, may  comfort me for any thing.&quot;<br />  Mr. Knightley shook his head at her. Her father fondly replied, &quot;Ah! my dear, I wish you would  not make matches and foretell things, for whatever you say always comes to pass. Pray do not make  any more matches.&quot;<br />  &quot;I promise you to make none for myself, papa; but I must, indeed, for other people. It is the  greatest amusement in the world!&quot;  -Jane Austen, Emma<br />The edition of Emma that I just finished has a lovely portrait of a young woman on the cover painted  by Josef Stieler.  So as a coworker walked by my desk she asked : Are you reading a chick book !?<br />I quickly protested it was not a chick book--one has one's pride after all--but the cover and her  question raise the question : why is it not a chick book ?  Why are the novels of Jane Austen, dealing  as they do with the machinations of English gentry of marriageable age and their convoluted  courtships, so popular among all readers ?  We well understand why she should have been a favorite of  Henry James, but why did Winston Churchill continually reread her also ?  These questions are  directly related to another which plagues modern arguments over Jane Austen : do her novels have  political ramifications ?  The answers to all these questions are to be found in Emma, which is my  favorite of her novels.<br />At the outset let me admit that this only became clear to me when watching the terrific movie Clueless,  which is based on this novel, but I now believe Emma to be one of the greatest political novels ever  written.  Austen predicted of Emma Woodhouse : &quot;I am going to take a heroine whom no one but  myself will much like.&quot;  She was quite wrong; Emma is exactly the kind of misguided busybody with  a heart of gold for whom, unfortunately, we have trouble nursing much dislike.  The plot of the tale is  presumably too well known to need much rehashing here : suffice it to say that Emma is a pleasant and  well-intentioned young woman who fancies herself a matchmaker, having successfully joined her  governess and Mr. Weston, and so proceeds to meddle in the romantic lives of those around her despite  eschewing the idea of marriage for herself.  In particular, she takes Harriet Smith, a pretty young girl  of dubious social station, under her wing and tries finding her a husband.  There follow the expected  misunderstandings and hurt feelings before true love finally outs and Emma realizes that not only did  she not know what was best for others, in fact she did not understand her own heart's desires.<br />Now, at first blush that may not sound all that political, but the fundamental point Ms Austen conveys  is actually not dissimilar to the argument of the great political philosopher F. A. Hayek in The Road to  Serfdom (read Orrin's review).  Hayek's devastating critique of the modern state and centrally  controlled economies argued that no government bureaucrat could ever effectively make decisions for  other people because it is impossible to process all of the information that goes into other people's  decision-making.  Only the free market, which allows for the greatest flow of information that humans  have thus far devised, can even begin to approach the levels of efficiency that a complex economy  requires to function smoothly.  Likewise, Jane Austen, over a hundred years earlier, warned us of the  unsatisfactory results to expect when one person sought to make decisions for others, even when acting  with their best interests at heart.  There will always be those among us, like Emma or like Hilary  Clinton, who wish to manipulate our lives (always, we are assured, for our benefit ratherthan for the  joy they take in the exercise), but the results are seldom salutary and never what the manipulators  intended.<br />The idea of poor Jane Austen having to hide her writing when a family member entered the room and  confined to the novel of manners is nearly totemic to feminists.  They decry the system of oppression  which restrained her talents to insignificant topics and sentenced her to writing about romance.  In  reality, Austen, at least in Emma, demonstrates that simple human wisdom knows no bounds and is as  likely to be found in a comedy of manners as in any scholarly journal.  In its own way Emma is as  stern a rebuke to centralization and authoritarianism as can be found in the Western Canon.  That her  books are wonderfully witty and evoke images of an inviting pastoral past is merely icing on the cake.<br />GRADE : A+ays, we are assured, for our benefit rather than for the  joy they take in the exercise), but the results are seldom salutary and never what the manipulators  intended.<br />The idea of poor Jane Austen having to hide her writing when a family member entered the room and  confined to the novel of manners is nearly totemic to feminists.  They decry the system of oppression  which restrained her talents to insignificant topics and sentenced her to writing about romance.  In  reality, Austen, at least in Emma, demonstrates that simple human wisdom knows no bounds and is as  likely to be found in a comedy of manners as in any scholarly journal.  In its own way Emma is as  stern a rebuke to centralization and authoritarianism as can be found in the Western Canon.  That her  books are wonderfully witty and evoke images of an inviting pastoral past is merely icing on the cake.<br />GRADE : A+
B00004VXF2|5.0|I love &quot;Metal Machine Music.&quot;  Having said that, I wanna add that *all* the reviews here are equally correct.  Read 'em all and you'll know if &quot;Metal Machine Music&quot; is for you.  Me?  I like music, but I also like noise.  And this is a fine CD of noise.  Layers and layers of dense noise.  Or noisy density.  Or whatever.  <br />This remaster also includes a simulation of the locked-groove that ended the LP version, which is a nice touch ... it starts repeating and repeating and repeating ... (Sonic Youth used the locked groove from MMM for &quot;Socity Is A Hole&quot; on their &quot;Bad Moon Rising&quot; album, by the way!)<br />So ... if you're unsure, check out all the opinions below, and by the end you should know whether or not you're interested.  Buy an extra copy for someone you love ... or someone you hate!
B00003CXDG|3.0|MI2 WAS PRETTY GOOD. IT BEATS THE 1ST INSTALLMENT WITH MORE ACTION. ESPECIALLY THE FINAL HALF HOUR. THOUGH I WAS DISSAPOINTED, I'VE STILL SEEN IT 4 TIMES. MAINLY FOR THAT LAST ACTION SEQUENCE (ALA MI1 ON TRAIN) JOHN WOO DOES A GOOD JOB. THERE WASNT REALLY AN IMPOSSIBLE MISSION HERE. JUST ALOT OF FACE CHANGING AND A ONE ON ONE BATTLE BETWEEN TOM CRUISE AND AMBROSE. IT WAS A GOOD ONE THOUGH. LOVE THAT SPIN KICK. HOPE TO SEE A THIRD PART.
B000056VIY|4.0|With last ablum's success, J.Lo (Jennifer Lopez) came out with a brand new album for 2K1. Again, his boyfriend Puff also helped in this album and added some R&amp;B and hip&amp;hop style to this album. In this album Jennifer Lopez included some dance songs, R&amp;B,and of course, some Latino style dance songs. From my point of view this album isn't much different from the last one, you can tell that she's trying to try new things, but didn't worked very well. Then, again, if you enjoyed her last album, you'll also enjoy this one.
B00003CXE7|4.0|THIS MOVIE WAS GREAT. I DONT UNDERSTAND WHY ANYONE WOULD COMPLAIN ABOUT THE GRAPHIC VIOLENCE THOUGH. MAYBE YOU WANNA TRY A DISNEY FILM. THIS WAS FIGHTING IN THE 'EAT YOUR NEIGHBOR, SHOUT AT THE TOP OF YOUR LUNGS' MODE, THE COLESEUM DAYS OF THE ROMAN EMPIRE. THE MOVIE HAS A GREAT CAST AND THE ACTING IS GREAT AS WELL. FROM ALIEN TO GLADIATOR, RIDLEY SCOTT DOES'NT DISSAPOINT. RUSSEL CROWE WAS PERFECT AS WAS OLIVER REED. I ALSO LIKED THE DOMINANT CHARACTER MODE, ALA BRUCE LEE, SEGAL, AND SUCH. MAXIMUS WAS UNBEATABLE, ESPECIALLY WITH A GRUDGE. THE FIGHT SCENES ARE TOP NOTCH, SO ARE THE SPECIAL EFFECTS. WORTH BUYING.
B00003CX8J|4.0|I have been an X-Men fan for many years and have collected many comics. I was estatic when I heard they were making a motion picture. During the film, I noted some of the changes from the original comic book, such as Storm not having an African accent, Wolverine and Sabertooth do not know each other, Rogue does not have a southern accent and she is a little too young. But these did not take away from the movie at all. The origins of the mutants aren't known (except for Magneto) but I assume there will be a sequel because Rogue doesn't have super strength and she does not fly. The center of attention is Rogue and I won't tell you why, see it for yourself. Geirich, creator of the mutant slaying Sentinels, is dead from the start and Senator Kelly is trying to get the Mutant Registration Act passed. Because of Kelly's and other normal humans feelings about mutants, Magneto has decided that a war is inevidable. With the help of Charles Xavier and his gifted students, mankind may have a chance to survive. But is that enough?<br />The special effects were first rate and the acting fantastic. The film won't get any oscars but it's a great film to watch. Check it out.
B00003CX8J|3.0|THIS MOVIE WAS NOT BAD. IT SEEMS THAT ONLY WOLVERINE AND THE TONGUE GUY (SORRY, NOT AN AVID VIEWER) WERE THE ONLY TRUE WARRIORS. EVERYONE ELSE WAS SO VULNERABLE AND ONE DIMENSIONAL. NONETHELESS, EVEN WITH THAT, IT WAS A GOOD FILM. VERY WELL MADE IN RELATION TO THE TV SHOW. GOOD CAST, HALLE BERRY WAS VERY A VERY APPEALING STORM. I'D COMPARE THIS TO MORTAL KOMBAT. HOPEFULLY THE SEQUEL WILL BE BETTER THOUGH.
B000002LLK|5.0|1)In agreement with previous reviewers: &quot;Then She Did&quot; and &quot;Three Days&quot; are definately not bogged down or boring... They are the most powerful and emotional songs that have ever been released in Alternative/Rock music.(up for argument) 2)Lead singer, Perry Farrell is... hmmm how can I word it... a gift to the ears, heart, and soul. 3)Enjoy!
B00000J7RZ|2.0|Someone once said that it is much nicer to see a singer/musician try their hand at acting, and that an actor trying to pursue a recording career was....not as nice.  That little afterthought definately applies to Jennifer Lopez, who somehow managed to gain great success with this cd.  True, the albums two best cuts, 'If You Had My Love' and 'Waiting for Tonight', were released as singles, giving us the impression that the album might have other worthy songs to boast.  That is not the case, unfortunately, as the rest of the album, with a couple of exceptions,is nothing but mediocrity, especially the ballads, which do nothing but show what a thin, weak voice Lopez has.  All in all, a truly subpar effort.
B000056VIY|5.0|This is a great cd! It's got a lot of fun dance songs...and I can't wait for Jennifer's videos to come out, because she is an incredible dancer!! Her voice is unique and has grown. Her past album was great...and I do believe this one is good too. She is a phenomenal person....singer, actress, dancer....it's not just that, it's her personality. So she may not be classified as the &quot;best&quot; female voice, it's a fun cd...and I love the songs. She is very talented. It's a great cd...everyone should buy it!
B000002B2T|4.0|This album is much better than I ever imagined it would be.  I heard &quot;River of Deceit&quot; years ago and immediately loved everything about the song, but no other songs were released (in my area) from this album, so I never bought it.  With no other songs to go by, I was afraid &quot;River&quot; was the only song worth hearing.  I was so wrong...<br />Thanks to an online swap, I now have one of my favorite CDs ever.  This CD has some very introspective music that never falls into the convenient trap of being depressing.  Layne's voice sounds great, and the guitar will almost sing you to sleep on some tracks.  It was a neat side project that he did, and I hope that they do it again sometime (doubtful, but I still wish).<br />Since this came out right as the whole media-dubbed &quot;grunge&quot; thing was all the scene, this album was unjustly swept under the rug.  The track &quot;Lifeless Dead&quot; has a good edge to it and is heavily tinged with an Alice in Chains sound.  It's worth a listen, and if you hear the CD through just once, you're sure to like it.<br />Good purchase for AIC fans who want something a little different.
B000056N8X|5.0|I have seen the screener for the release of this new cut and was impressed to see that they combined the workprint which has been available on ebay from singapore and the theatrical version although there are still no scenes that were in the trailer of the bad guy kell having magic. I also noticed no director's commentary only the producers and wonder if we will see a director's cut later on as with dvd lately they put out one version and when they have sold all those they re release in a special edition director's cut. I was told by someone who worked on the movie say the version that was released was not the version thy saw. They saw a version with magic and a gate to ziest ie highlander 2. Well maybe we will see it on the 10th aniversary of HIGHLANDER ENDGAME THE DIRECTOR'S CUT. Until then this is still a step up fron the theatrical release.
B00000J7I3|4.0|Great album, great tunes, great time to be alive and a Crue fan. Live Wire will always be one of the best loved Crue tunes. 'C'mon and Dance' and 'Public Enemy #1', were my other favorites, simple melodies and great lyrics. Plus the surprisingly good ballad(?) 'On with the Show'. Any complaints? Just one. I'm gald Vince got some kind of voice training after this album was done. It is VERY high. He never sounded like this again on any Crue album, that's good because in songs like 'Merry go Round' and 'Piece of your Action' he got a little on the annoying side.
B000056VIY|5.0|best r&amp;b album of the year...<br />BUY IT NOW...!!!<br />Track List for U ;<br />1 Jennifer Lopez -  Love Don't Cost A Thing<br />2 Jennifer Lopez -  I'm Real<br />3 Jennifer Lopez -  Play +<br />4 Jennifer Lopez -  Walking On Sunshine +<br />5 Jennifer Lopez -  Ain't It Funny ++<br />6 Jennifer Lopez -  Caring<br />7 Jennifer Lopez -  Come Over +<br />8 Jennifer Lopez -  We Gotta Talk +<br />9 Jennifer Lopez -  Thats Not Me +<br />10 Jennifer Lopez -  Dance With Me<br />11 Jennifer Lopez -  Secretly<br />12 Jennifer Lopez -  I'm Gonna Be Alright<br />13 Jennifer Lopez -  Thats The Way +<br />14 Jennifer Lopez -  Dame [Touch Me] duet with Cheyanne<br />15 Jennifer Lopez -  Si Ya Se Acaro
B00004THAY|5.0|How often does one get the pleasure of hearing two top Blues Masters artfully playing off each other's strengths?  If one could bottle the talent of these two men, it would be illegal to sell it - it's that powerful.  Not only the superb musicianship - but, the song selection is A+.  A must have for any serious music afficionado.  It's great!!!
B000002UAR|5.0|I consider &quot;Revolver&quot; to be the best Beatles album of all time for a number of good reasons, but I'm not sure I would go so far as to call it the best rock album of all time.  There are a number of other worthy contenders from other artists.<br />Having said that, I see that at least a few reviewers are somewhat obsessed as to whether VH-1 was referring to the 11 track Capitol release of the LP for the American market or the 14 track British version.  Since the featured version of &quot;Revolver&quot; is a CD with 14 tracks, I assume that's the one voted on by VH-1's &quot;panel&quot;.  <br />&quot;Revolver&quot; stands out among other Beatle albums because the tracks show a progression from the harmless, innocent earlier works like &quot;She Loves You&quot; and &quot;I Want to Hold Your Hand&quot; that would be fully realized by &quot;Sergeant Pepper&quot; and &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot; a few years later.  George Harrison comes into his own as a songwriter with &quot;Taxman&quot;, an acerbic observation of British taxation.  &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;, &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;, and &quot;Dr. Robert&quot; show John Lennon and Paul McCartney reaching out and experimenting with song topics and styles.  Yet there are still connections, however tenuous, to earlier works in songs like &quot;Got to Get You Into My Life&quot; and &quot;And Your Bird Can Sing&quot; (my personal favorite).  Only &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot; seems out of place...I don't think it fits in with the rest of the album.<br />Beatle fans all have their favorites, and many will prefer &quot;Sergeant Pepper&quot;, &quot;Rubber Soul&quot;, and &quot;Abbey Road&quot; to this album, but &quot;Revolver&quot; is a snapshot of the Beatles in transition from hitmakers to serious songwriters and for that reason alone stands out as their best.
B00004XONN|1.0|This was one of the truly worst CDs I have ever heard - I once bought a tex-mex macarena party cd that I could bear more than this horrible tripe.  RUN away and do not buy.
0671042858|2.0|Don't get me wrong- this story was well written, but it lacked the punch that other Steven King books delivered for me when I last read some of them years ago (e.g., The Stand, Pet Cemetery, It).  King is gifted at describing horror in the commonplace (think Cujo or Christine), but even he couldn't wring macabre out of a simple case of a girl lost in the woods.  The story was convincing in that I believed it accurately depicted what a 9 year old would do if lost in the woods, but I just didn't care that much.  Also, the creature stalking the girl is a let down and kind of seems tossed in as an afterthought.  The girl was perishing all right on her own without the intervention of evil incarnate shaped like a badly drawn bear.
B00000J1YS|5.0|Well, hardcore fans of Dire Straits, this is the best Dire  Straits album I have heard ! And the &quot;Telegraph Road&quot; will always be etched in my memory as the best song I ever heard of any rock band. There is an aura of &quot;story-telling&quot; in all the Dire Straits songs, which is the most highlighted in the &quot;Telegraph Road&quot;. The lyrics revv up images of what it must have been like, when the first cities where formed - when  &quot;urbanisation&quot; started. It constantly reminds you of the  things that people forgot and gave up in the rush of city-life. This nostalgia is pronounced in the end when the protagonist promises his girl-friend that he willl take her away &quot;From all these signs saying sorry, but we are closed. All the way down the Telegraph Road&quot; A must-listen for any Dire Straits fan.  Much as the lyrics are beautiful, so is the almost 5 minute long guitar tunes at the end of the song. The guitar captivates me and makes me wishing for more of it when it ends!<br />-soups
B00005214X|5.0|George Harrison's &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; is a classic rock album.  The tracks are timeless.  There is not one bad song on this double cd.  This album remains George's best.  It was sad to see most of Harrison's catolog missing from the record store shelves.  Finally, his masterpiece is back.  <br />The new version of &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; is not as good as the original.  The good thing about it is that George didn't completely reinvent the song as it sounds similar to the original.  The new version is still very interesting and has a pleasant sound.  It's just good to hear his voice again.  It's been far too long since Harrison came out with some new material.<br />The bonus tracks compliment this already great album nicely.  This album is one of the best of the 1970s.  It deserves a new life.  Unfortunately, many of the songs have been forgotten and many younger fans may not be aware of them.  &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot;, &quot;What Is Life&quot;, &quot;Isn't It a Pity&quot; and the title track are Harrison classics.  &quot;Wah Wah&quot;, &quot;Beware of Darkness&quot; and &quot;The Art of Dying&quot; are equally as good and are overlooked.<br />Here's hoping this rerelease captures a portion of the success that &quot;The Beatles 1&quot; had.
B000002TYX|5.0|Anthology One is, as many other reviewers have said, a collection intended primarily for hard core Beatle fans.  The sound on many of the early recordings is, as you might expect, raw and rather poor in quality.  But rather than whining about &quot;scraping the bottom of the barrel&quot;, fans of the fab four should delight in gaining valuable insight into the early days of the band.  Fortunately for us John, Paul, George, and Ringo all became better musicians and vocalists.<br />I avoid comparisons between the two discs in this set because I believe they complement one another.  In the second disc one hears an obviously more polished, professional sound than on the first, but that doesn't mean the first disc is rubbish-far from it.  My favorite tracks on the set are &quot;Three Cool Cats&quot;, &quot;Besame Mucho&quot;, and interesting live versions of &quot;This Boy&quot; and &quot;I Want to Hold Your Hand&quot;.  My least favorite tracks are &quot;How Do You Do It&quot;, which George Martin had intended to be the Beatles' first single (fortunately, the band persuaded him to release &quot;Love Me Do&quot; instead) and &quot;Free as a Bird&quot;, which suffers from overproduction by Jeff Lynne and sounds more like ELO than the Beatles (I have this same complaint about &quot;Real Love&quot; on Anthology Two as well as most of George Harrison's &quot;Cloud Nine&quot; album).  In the hands of a different producer, I'm sure this song would have sounded more &quot;Beatle-like&quot;.  <br />Despite the few negatives, Anthology One is overall a very good collection and a must have for diehard Beatlemaniacs.
0195067142|5.0|'With the Old Breed' is a powerful first person account of Dr Sledge's experiences fighting in the Pacific. This book varies from most military pieces in that the larger view of the war takes a back seat to the daily personal experiences of the fighting men on the ground.<br />Dr Sledge's detailed writing drags the reader into the fighting hell the Marines faced in the Pacific theatre during WWII. It follows his experiences from training through to his first experience of battle in Peleliu to the final capture of Okinawa. He manages to drag the reader into the World of the fighting Marines - from the horror delivered by war and the fanatacism of the Japanese enemy, to the brotherhood only experienced between men fighting for one anothers survival.<br />I would recommend this piece not as a definitve historical account of fighting in the Pacific in WWII, but rather as a moving personal account of one mans experiences on the frontlines. A must for any military historian.
0385424736|4.0|Second only to The Firm, and far ahead of Grisham's last few is The Rainmaker; in it, the author presents us with a character to root for: down-on-his-luck Rudy Baylor.  This is one thing that Grisham once did so well.  He also tells an intriguing story, and along the way Rudy becomes our friend, and we become his confidants.  I have little criticism except that Rudy seems to be presented with fewer obstacles in the court trial than one would expect.  And--in spite of what the back cover says--I don't think his life is ever in danger.<br />The Rainmaker typifies the early John Grisham: good story-telling, likeable characters, adequate characterization, no gratuitous sex or violence, and a minimum amount of profanity.  Can anyone honestly question why he became so popular?
B00004T37H|5.0|If the more popular works such as Dragonball Z and Sailor Moon or even Bubblegum Crisis are what you're used to, then this movie probably isn't for you.  The feature beautifully showcases the rich Japanese folklore and religious beliefs upon which it is based.  I recommend purchasing the DVD version and setting your machine to Japanese with English subtitles in order to get the full affect and the nuances of the story that the Japanese to English voiceover missed.  This is a story you enjoy for beauty's sake and for the things it makes you think about, not necessarily because of its characters.  The main theme of the movie ---man's impact on the environment and the abandonment of traditional ways of living---completely overrides the character's substories but somehow it still manages to work.  This classic belongs with &quot;My Neighbor Totoro&quot; and &quot;Grave of the Fireflies.&quot;
B000002OOY|5.0|I went to Cornwall last week and was driving between St Austell and Truro and the Radio Station Classic FM played the theme music to Jurassic Park as a request. It was wonderful. The scenery of the moors, the river Fal running down to the coast, the sun came out and the exultant music touched my heart in that aesthetic moment we cannot predict or plan but just happens. This is a wonderful CD with the big music contrasting with the Petticoat Lane sketch that is touching. The lead them, played on cellos has the character played by Richard Attenborough full of aspiration, yet with a dominant feminine side. This is contrasted with the 'Tyrannosaurus Rex' theme that is played triumphantly as the hero lizard makes short work of the Velocoraptors towards the end. The brass is magnificent, blazing and bloodchilling by turn, the choral sheen is never overdone. This must be one of the best scores for movies ever. What a wonderful buy that stands alone from the movie it came from.
B000056N8X|3.0|I was a HUGE fan of the original movie.  It was nearly perfect.  The 2nd movie was absolutely terrible.  The 3rd was acceptable as it ignored all elements of the 2nd.  The series was good, but just not the original.<br />This movie tied them together with a strong leaning toward the series.  I saw it in the theatre and my first impression was disappointment as a fan of the original movie.  But, I would like to see it again to be sure.
B000056VIY|4.0|I enjoyed this album..It was a bit different than n the 6, but I felt Jennifer was trying to sound a little too much like Destiny's Child on a few tracks. I could tell the big Puff Daddy influence, but it works. Loved the salsa beat..
B000002B2T|5.0|Beautiful, moody, dark, tranquil...fantastic musicianship (Mike and Layne don't sound this good with their own bands) and credit has to be given to Barrett Martin from Tuatara and Screaming Trees--(just listen to &quot;Long Gone Day&quot;, the most unique and best song on ABOVE).  _Above_ was one of the best things to come out of Seattle...
0440539811|5.0|This is simply a landmark book for anyone interested inconspiracy theories, religion, international espionage, Art Bell, oranything else considered &quot;fringe&quot;.  It is a massiveundertaking to actually read this enormous tome, but the size isnecessary to contain the amount of satire within.<br />...Those with evena cursory knowledge of the subjects receiving jabs will find thisimmensely entertaining.  Those unfamiliar with these subjects willgain quite a list of required reading once finished.<br />The book isfunny, smart, and dangerously true in some aspects.  Readers shouldpick up Wilson's non-fiction works after finishing to see the amazingway this man's mind must work.
B0000542D2|5.0|To me, A Hard Day's Night is sheer entertainment.  It is a movie you can just sit back and enjoy.  Watching it takes me back to when I saw it the first time at the age of 13.  There is plenty of action, but no violence.  Even when the girls on the train realize who the boys are, though they become giddy, they don't set out to tear off the boys clothes or such.  In addition, all of the characters are neatly dressed and clean looking - nothing like what pop/rock stars today look like.  There is also no profanity in the script - a far cry from today's movies when every sentence seems to have one or two curse words.  Though by today's standards the movie may seem lame, at the same time, as far as clean entertainment goes, it's a lot of fun and I enjoy watching it over and over.  Even my kids (24,22,13) like it.  I wonder if the same will be said for movies today by my grandchildren years from now.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|This is the worst movie on the face of the planet. I couldn't even stand to look at it.  I had to go home and take a cold shower after.  Just don't waste your money on this garbage.
B00003CXE7|1.0|One reviewer described _Gladiator_ as 'one of the best movies ever,' and adds that 'if you liked _Braveheart_, you'll love this movie!'  That ought to tell you everything you need to know.  I will never cease to be amazed at the amount of praise that was heaped on this movie.  The story dragged on and on; historical verity was pure Hollywood, so far as I could tell; and nothing seemed so important as pretty scenery and luminous cinematographic effects.  Finally, the dialogue was nothing short of embarrassing--towards the end, my friend and I gave up all efforts to conceal our laughter.  Neither Crowe's bedrock solidity nor Joaquin Phoenix' Fiennes-like homoerotic flamboyance could save this film (check out the latter's 'busy little bee' tirade).  If you *must* see this film, get extremely high first--your critical faculties will require dulling in order to get through it.
0061020710|4.0|The comparisons Pratchett receives to Douglas Adams are what drew me to the books.  After reading the first in the series, I must admit that it was a nice, often humorous read.  However, Adams is still the king of satire in a spec-fic world.  I plan to read on in Pratchett's series to see if he can sustain creativity and freshness.<br />One thought that came to me often as I read is that the truer comparison is to Piers Anthony's Xanth novels.  In these, like Pratchett, he pokes fun at the world we live in with the suspicious parallels in the books.  I checked the dates and realized, not surprisingly, that both series found their genesis at around the same time.  I hope that Pratchett's works avoid the pitfall that drove me away from the Xanth novels years ago - Anthony has a distinct tendency to retread old ground in his novels.  I say this in the sense of the same elements - each novel has puzzles that the adventurer(s) must navigate to get to the wizard, etc.  Not so much the same exact things happening over and over, but a certain formulaic groove.  The humor in Pratchett's first book is smarter and less obvious than that of Xanth, so I am hopeful.
B00004XQ83|4.0|Well, I'm not usually a country music fan.  But as others have said, this is not that gussied up stuff we think of as &quot;Country&quot; today. And, I have to say, much of the CD (where it is bleak or religious) is not to my taste. <br />Having said that, I find the variations on &quot;Man of Constant Sorrow&quot; just spellbinding.  Why:  - the vocal &quot;hooks&quot; such as holding a single syllable thru 3 or 4 notes, or the humorous chorus.  - the relentless danceable rythym - the delicious soup of background variations provided by banjo, twang guitar and (especially) Allison Kraus's fiddle.  They all seem to be doing entirely their own thing, yet what a glorious combination.
B000002UAR|5.0|What more can I say, tastefully done...GENUINE INTELLIGENCE COMBINED....&quot;GENTLEMEN,take a bow!!!&quot;  They are more than a 5-stars rating!
B000000OSO|4.0|A fairly good hard rock album, Aerosmith are rightly recognized as masters of the genre. Their hooky, hard driving style is similar to like-minded bands like Deep Purple, Black Sabbath and even Guns N Roses. They rightly deserve to be placed in the first rank of metal bands, and while this album is not exceptional, it is quite good and quite solid. Stand out tracks include `Living On The Edge' `Walk On Down' `Crazy' `Cryin' and `Eat The Rich'.
0898705525|5.0|CS Lewis is hailed as perhaps the most widely-known Christian apologist.  This may be true, but Chesterton is by far the most satisfying apologist from a literary standpoint.  In Orthodoxy, he writes in response to a newspaper journalist's attacks on Christianity, and does so in such compelling prose that this is considered not just a Christian classic, but a literary treasure.  He delves into parallels and metaphors so perfect that they lend credibility to his arguments and serve to maintain a reader's interest throughout.<br />Do not be deceived, however, into thinking this is an easy read.  It most certainly is not.  Chesterton's prose is written in the English of his time, which may seem antiquated to some readers, and his style is very dense and requires concentration.  Not the concentration required for, say, Ulysses, but neither is it fluff to be read in an afternoon.  To the reader willing to devote the time and energy, this is a treasure.
B00005214X|5.0|Of all of the albums released by the post fab-four, this is my favorite...and it has never sounded so good.  I've had the original cd version of this album for several years now.  I've enjoyed listening to it despite the fact that it sounded like Capitol just made a digital recording of an old record on a My First Sony.  And, like the wonderful John Lennon Re-masters, the Re-mastered 'All Things Must Pass' sounds fresh and new.  Possibly fresher than it sounded in 1970 (I don't know- I hadn't been born yet).  <br />The set is packaged much like the 'Band On The Run' 25th anniversary cd.  Inside the black box are two cds in individual sleeves.  On the cover of the box and on the individual sleeves, the original cover art from the album has been colorized and updated (did Ted Turner get his hands on them?) and the booklet includes a couple paragraphs written by George himself.<br />Though some of the 'wall of sound' production still seems heavy, the crispness of the drums and acoustic guitar immediately jump out when compared to the previous version.  Purists will be happy to know that the songs have only been re-mastered; not remixed.<br />Also included are 5 bonus tracks...they're not anything great.  I prefer the 1970 version of 'My Sweet Lord' to the 2000 version.  But I'm not going to waste time arguing over whether he should or shouldn't of re-done the song.  No, I'm just going to sit back and listen to 'All Things Must Pass' again and again.
B0000062Y2|5.0|Truly, this man was innocent...This album is one Rock Version to those who want to know Christ, but, don't want to sing in Country or whatever.  It's so cool, you want to put on repeat mode!!!In our house, we have this movie, and saw it over and over, and over. Ted Neely, sings the vocal lead as a true Rock Star, fortunately it was for our LORD.  Get this one, folks!
0425107469|5.0|After reading this book, I wanted to go out and buy a dog.  The dog in this story is amazing.  The way Koontz describes the dog's actions are terrific.  It is so in debth that it makes you see it, and after that, you want to go out and buy a golden retriever.<br />This book has to be one of the better books I've read.  It is filled with edge of your seat suspence, horror, love, and most importantly, how to depend on your loved ones.  This book has about four different story lines that all come together at the end.  There is the &quot;Travis, Einstein, and Nora&quot; story line that shows how Einstein, the amazing dog, befriends Travis and Nora and brings them together.  The &quot;Vince&quot; story line is about an insane hitman who has been hired by the Soviets to assasinate several scientists.  He then learns about the amazing golden retriever and decides to kidnap the dog.  The &quot;Lemuel&quot; story line tells the story of Lemuel Johnson, an NSA officer, who is the lead investigator looking for the dog and the outsider.  &quot;The Outsider&quot; story line is so suspenceful.  It is the brutal death of several people by &quot;The Outsider&quot; a genetically engineered killing monster that has a pure hatred for the Golden Retriever.<br />The story is amazing.  The writing style grabs your heart.  &quot;Watchers&quot; is a winner.
0679882820|5.0|My earliest memory of reading is this book. I was two and I'dsneak in off the playground during recess to read it. It's very easy,brightly colored and good-natured.<br />We didn't have the board booksback then, but these things are great! You don't want to drop them inthe bathtub to soak, but other than that, you can spill, bend, step,chew, and other wise &quot;man&quot;-handle these books withoutcausing serious damage. Some children feel more comfortable with booksif they don't have to worry about wrecking them.
B00004W56S|5.0|The other review I wrote here doesn't count according to what's on album 'cos I wrote it before I got the album.  The other one is just extra. Not bad for a first try, even with some other guy singing.  Reminds me of the late '70s Genesis.  Cut at ABBA's Polar Studios where &quot;Duke&quot; was cut before, not long after.  Originally released in the U.S. and Canada in 1980 by the now-defunct Passport/Jem Records.  I have the record.  A must have for loyal Genesis fans like moi.
B000056VIY|1.0|First she starred in Saliva, Selena, something that started with an &quot;S&quot;, should of been &quot;sucks&quot;!!!!  She was kinda cool, but then she started to take off her clothes like boring Miraya, Myrayah, oh heck who cares how you spell it, as soon as they get suckcess, they start taking their clothes off, what ever happen to just focusing on the singer...Liza, Judy Garland, Patti Label, Chrissy Hines...and the still beautiful Blondie, they didn't take off their clothes...but, at least it she shows you who doesn't have any class...heh!...Keep the clothes on Jen and Cristina, especially you, Brittney, (whoever told her she could sing, all her songs sound the same!!!) I mean...we all know that there's no more mystery to you young gals...the true ladies of music, enhance their beauty by the clothing they wore, not taking it off every chance you get, leave it for your man...then he won't be running off with another..&quot;Hole&quot;!!!
0780622650|3.0|If you are a fan of sci-fi, then you will enjoy LiS.  The special effects are amazing and the story is relatively good until they meet up with the other Jupiter space craft.  The acting isn't great but tolerable.  I recommend it for rental but not for purchase.<br />Darin
0783243499|3.0|Summary: if you can laugh at over-the-top violence (which is not especially graphic, any controversy notwithstanding) and if you like social satire, this is worth a watch. Or, if you really like Christian Bale. Competent direction and filmaking aside, his performance is the keystone.<br />This is one of those movies (like the book) that is =bound= to be misunderstood.  It's really not meant to be taken literally, and the movie increasingly makes that apparent, as in one scene where Christian Bale's date doesn't notice him putting down plastic on all the furniture (in preparation for the gore to follow) or another where he runs naked and screaming through an apartment building wielding a running chainsaw and not a soul notices.<br />Scenes like these are definite high points, both humorous and horrifying, and driving home the filmmaker's point (about soulless, faceless businessmen) with all the subtlety of a sledgehammer.  <br />At times, however, the vision is less clear. I suspect that the MPAA, or maybe just concern over what the MPAA would allow, took a lot of the needed edge off this film.  My rating is for the R-rated, as-seen-in-theaters version.<br />Also, the ending is a sort of twist.  But it only works as a twist if you've been taking the movie literally, which is very hard to do. (Some people had this problem with &quot;Fight Club&quot;, too. I didn't but the two movies are only superficially similar.)<br />Keep in mind, though, this isn't a movie with a lot of sympathy toward any of the characters. There's not much chance that you're going to identify with Bateman, and ultimately we're moved from a deatched loathing to a detached pity, which makes it an entirely different experience from other movies which address similar themes. It's not like &quot;Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer&quot;, where Henry is this sort of nice guy with a small problem (a penchant toward murder) but more like &quot;Silence Of The Lambs&quot; without the characters of Claire and Hannibal Lechter.<br />I hope that gives some idea of what to expect from this movie. It's interesting to note that the violence and sex is over-the-top, but not gratuitous--but in the long run, censors don't really care about that sort of thing.
B00004XOWM|1.0|This is the single most god-awful album I have EVER, and I mean EVER heard. The sad thing is I used to like Limp Bizkit, songs like &quot;Counterfeit&quot;, &quot;Stuck&quot;, &quot;Pollution&quot;, and &quot;Faith&quot; were all good. The problem is, all four of those songs are on the first album. Their second album, Significant Other, was terrible, but not nearly as bad as this piece of trash &quot;Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water&quot;. Once all of the trendy, mindless, TRL-watching teenagers started getting into songs like &quot;Nookie&quot; and &quot;N2 Together Now&quot; on Significant Other and &quot;Rollin&quot; on this album is when Limp Bizkit started to REALLY go downhill. This album has no substance, all it is is Fred Durst whining and screaming about past relationships and how tough he has it, which is a lie, because they are one of the most successful artists now. The F-word is repeated god knows how many times, and the songs itself don't really have lyrics, they just have rapped verses of curse words. If you're someone that actually likes awful music like Limp Bizkit, you would probably like this album, simply because you don't know what good music really is. But to everyone else, the real music fans - skip it, it's the most terrible garbage out on the market.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Simply, these are THE BEATLES, what other music would you really want to hear????!!!!!!Lennon fan.
0684853523|4.0|Although the cover art here belongs on a book slated for the gardening section of your local bookstore, I have never read a book like this, a book in which a horror writer talks about his travails in the industry. This one is written by the horror writer who exemplifies that phrase, the guy whose name comes to mind whenever you even say the word &quot;horror&quot; to any man on the street, so he has a singular viewpoint on the genre.      The first half of this book covers King's reminiscences of childhood events, young adulthood, and his first attempts into the craft of storytelling. He doesn't go into detail about the events that led him to write horror, though I doubt that any horror writer would do that. I think that King fans will, however, be fascinated when reading this half of the book, as images and events he recalls from his real life have surfaced occasionally in his fiction writing. He also relates personal information regarding his past drug abuse, his relationships with women (Especially his wife Tabitha), and his accident with the car.        The other half speaks directly to aspiring authors. It struck me as almost his being weary. I expected some sort of kissy-faced cheerleading, &quot;If you think you can, you can do it!&quot; Instead, there's no crap. We forget that for years, King was a professor of English, and that he reads, so he is as sick of bad writing polluting the world as the rest of us are. He gives the most straightforward advice I've heard from an author in a long time. I can't tell you what that advice is, because King got paid to do it and he did it well. He did it very well. He reproduces a first draft of a few story pages, along with his editorial scribbling and notations, then explains every one. It's as good a textbook. No frills, no cotton candy, and best of all, no happy cheerleading. I enjoyed it very much. So, King fans, you'll dig the first half, and probably be bored to tears by the second half. Writers, you'll do well toread the second half whether you like King, horror, or none of the above. And for King fans who write, it's quite a gift.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Britney Spears shows very much improvement from previous songs on this CD. Although it is a great CD, Britney Spears does not have nearly as much talent as &quot;similar&quot; artists such as Christina Auguilera and Mandy Moore. I would highly reccomend this CD even though it is not my ~favorite~.
B00004Y6NP|3.0|Another overrated album - not a patch on their first three releases. The best song on this album is the title track itself, hauntingly beautiful music with moving lyrics both of which are capable of bringing a tear to the eye. The rest of the album ain't as good though. 'Money For Nothing' has its moments but apart from that the album is just standard fare - I have to say that I expected a lot more from this recording.
B00004RHZU|5.0|Pink nails the pop music with sassy lyrics.  I just bought Pink's can't take me home and the only question I have is &quot;Why didn't I buy it sooner?&quot;  Her attitude and bass lights up my cd player!  If you are looking for a true GIRLS CAN DO ANYTHING type cd this is it. Pink has a great voice, too! Check out track 10! I 100% recommend this cd its great, I look forward to her next CD- hey and imagine that I just bought the cd to tape the song &quot;You make me sick&quot; for My boyfriend I wasn't even a big fan of her and now I can't turn the cd off!!! I hope you enjoy the cd as much as I do!
B00004Z459|5.0|The sound of this amazing CD is not Limp Bizkit or KoRn.  First of all, for anyone who thinks that KoRn is rap-metal, wake the hell up.  They are not rap-metal, they are a man screaming, and a lot of loud and heavy bass and drums.  And Limp Bizkit does not have the same sound as Linkin Park.  While both bands may rap, Fred talks about stupid crap, like Rollin' up in caddies, while the boys from Linkin Park talk of real life stuff.  They also have an amazing DJ.  He makes Lethal seem more like, DJ Not So Lethal.  On that note, Cure for the Itch is some of the best sratching I have heard, if only it was a longer song.  They also have much better instrumental in the backround.  They have proven that they are heavy, but also nice and melodic.  On Step Closer is one of the few songs that is played on the radio that I have not grown sick of.  All of the songs on this CD are great in their own way, which keeps it interesting and makes it seem all that much better.  I have yet to get tired of listening to it, and I listen about twice a day, and while studying for exams I listened like ten times a day.  It sound great mixed in with some Fear Factory, Soulfly, Deftones, Papa Roach, or Wyclef Jean.  All you have to do is add in a CD player and stir, and you get a few hours of awesome, never ending music.  Lets give it up for the great Mr. Hahn.
B000002N2N|5.0|The Ramones immediately became my favourite band after I heard this record. Its pace and energy are electric, the excitement of the crowd contagious. At the same time, the quality of their pop songs and the wit of their lyrics (and Joey's chit-chat between songs) are not blurred by the heavy metal grind that spoilt their later live recordings. This was the Ramones in their heyday and is easily their finest recording, with all all their early classics. For the uninitiated, try to think of some great live recordings - for me, Bruce Springsteen, Neil Young and U2 have produced some great ones - and then be assured that \\"It's Alive\\" will out-do the lot of them. If you like pop music and can appreciate a live recording, you really won't go wrong with this.
B00003CXN4|1.0|the only sense that could be made of this movie was it is about drugs ten minutes into the movie you need some to sit through this film
0811826848|4.0|This book should (will?) win some awards for graphic design.  It is simply beautiful to hold, and behold; the paper stock, layout and choice of photos, memos &amp; letters  make it a must-have for all \\"Beatle people.\\"<br />Just be sure and read the text critically, because it gives a somewhat sanitized version of their career, especially before l963 and after l967.  What you get is a mostly sentimentalised 90's view of the band from the Threetles, while John (of course) gives his perspective from a number of interviews over the years.  Lennon comes out sounding best because of this. <br />And were Lennon still around, I hope he would have had guts enough to allow Pete Best a say in this bio of the band.  Yes Ringo is a better drummer, but Pete was an integral part of the group for nearly two years. 40 years on, Paul and George are still finding ways to slag the poor guy off.  (He really must have been the most  popular one to deserve such treatment!)<br />Bottom line: it is nice to \\"hear\\" the band in their own words, but don't trust them to give the most honest account of their career.  You will need other viewpoints as well. (I recommend any of the books by Mark Lewisohn, Ian MacDonald, Philip Norman, George Martin, and Pete Best.)
0812589041|5.0|Of the many science fiction novels I've read, I don't think any have surprised me as much as ENDER'S GAME.  I expected some kind of arcade hero in real life, along the lines of The Last Starfighter or something like that.  What I got was far beyond Space Invaders!<br />ENDER'S GAME revolves around several moral dilemmas while simultaneously building to a completely unexpected climax.  In retrospect, the climax seems obvious, but Orson Scott Card is such a masterful storyteller that the aroma of surprise still lingers on a second read, even though we remember what happens.  Ender Wiggin is a completely believable and lovable hero, a child forced to battle an enemy he doesn't see as well as the 'allies' who seem all too intent on destroying him first.  Card's descriptions of the various battle simulators and military training are vivid, remarkably original, and continually surprising in their scope.<br />This is the first in a series of novels about Ender Wiggin and, more recently, his sidekick Bean.  They are all wonderfully conceived and written, and all struggle with morality as well as technology and religion, but none of them pack the wallop of a good story like ENDER'S GAME.  I would rate this novel alongside THE MARTIAN CHRONICLES, the FOUNDATION series, and the DUNE series.  It isn't just a good science fiction novel:  ENDER'S GAME is one of the best novels I've read, period.
0698116496|5.0|This book is deceptively simple. There are tiny tributes to so many other children's books all through it- Goodnight Moon, Babar the Elephant, to name a few. There's even an Ernie doll in the Aardvark's pen. The book is definitely a nightly classic in our house and I give it at baby showers.
0451169514|5.0|IT is, without a doubt, one of Stephen King's finer novels.  The first King novel I ever read was CUJO; the novel that got me hooked on his writing was IT.<br />Unfortunately, many reviewers and readers have shunned King's work because of the genre in which he first published -- horror.  Don't misunderstand me: IT is a terrifying novel that deals with all manner of monsters, from sewer-dwelling maniac clowns to elephant-sized spiders.  But stopping with the monsters of IT would be akin to stopping with the elves of Tolkien.  Both King and Tolkien understand that the struggle's the thing which makes the story, and on that scale, I'd say that IT fares well indeed.<br />This is the story of seven friends who, for various reasons, find themselves outcasts among their peers.  They form a bond of friendship which holds true as they discover more and more about the evil force lurking in their hometown, a force that has begun to rise from its slumber to kill and feed.  But IT also follows these friends as adults, forced to remember this evil they've forgotten and to return to do battle again, even though childhood and its curious strengths seem to have disappeared.<br />I have enjoyed this book immensely each time I've read it, and I'm now on my first hardcover edition after reading two paperbacks to shreds.  IT is one of the books I imagine I will cherish my entire life, and I think you will, too.
6304994540|5.0|This is nearly the most hilarious movie ever, and one of my favorites.  It is so bizarre, and filled with twists in the plot, you have to watch it twice in a row to appreciate it all.  The best part is the funny situational dialague, that is so true to every one of the very well developed and thought out characters. Every character is completely hysterical in their own very different way, and I can hardly watch the scenes with Walter (Goodman) without wetting myself.  Every person in this film gives a great performance, and Kudos to the Coen brothers for another masterpiece.  Am I wrong?.....Am I wrong?
B000002ADT|5.0|Anyone who claims to be a jazz aficionado without owning this album is flat out kidding themselves.  KIND OF BLUE is an essential for anyone who says they love anything about jazz.<br />In a time when the dominant theme of jazz seemed to be &quot;faster, higher, louder&quot;, Miles Davis went completely against the grain and midwifed the Cool movement into being.  This album is so laid back it slumbers, peacefully, pulsing with a heartbeat of emotion without chaos, flair without frenetics.<br />Even those who don't appreciate jazz should appreciate this album for its musicality and virtuoso performances.  Miles Davis was one of a kind throughout his entire career as a recording artist; KIND OF BLUE marks the start of his unique musical journey
0446677450|5.0|There is no question that this book has changed my life! This book is literally a doorway to financial success and time freedom. Robert has written this book with the average person in mind. It is easy to read and challenges many of the core beliefs that keep many of us from reaching our full financial potential. It exposes the truth behind what society has taught most of us about working hard for money. This book shows us that through seeking financial literacy, we all can reach those heights which we know we are capable of. Robert has shown me a fast track to success to which I have found no equivalent in the school system. I cannot thank him enough for writing this book!
B00004XOWM|5.0|This CD kicks @$$. Holy $hit it is dead $exy.
B000056K04|5.0|You will love the new style. The band has came so far since the early days. It is there best CD ever. Santana even joins Dave and the boys to play a song. &quot;I DID IT&quot; is a great song but that is just the start. DAVE, BOYD, CARTER, LEROY, and STEFAN tear it up. I cant wait until the come back to Texas to play there new songs live, becuase if you are a DAVE fan you know if they are good in the studio they are even better live. My personal favorite is &quot;THE SPACE BETWEEN&quot;.
B00003CXCT|5.0|All Star wars movies were fantastic.  No other epic movie series has better represented the symbolic struggle between good vs. evil.  Definitely Lucas's magnum opus.  <br />However I think it is sad how the Lucas companies continue to milk this movie for every penny.  I cannot count the &quot;Limited Editions&quot; of the original triology.  I purchased the remastered Dolby audio version before the remastered Video edition was released.  Now they have come out with the widescreen VHS edition.  I am sure there will be another VHS edition to be released before they break down to release the DVD.  After all, people dont need the definitive DVD version before spending a few more bucks on VHS tapes to replace their aging copies.<br />Well bad news lucas, I for one will not purchase any more rehashes of your movies.  And unless Jar Jar is killed in first 15 minutes of Episode II by a stray blast, I wont be buying anymore of your movie tickets.  <br />Sooner or later a method will be available to make your own DVD movies or copies from the 'net.  Companies like Lucas make those options far more attractive with petty tactics that put off willing consumers.
B000006NPY|5.0|Because so many people don't. They don't give it a chance, people loose sight of the depth of the record because it's a change in musical style from the pumpkins.<br />I'm so glad SP made Adore. And didn't go and write another MCIS. Billy often makes excuses for making it, and I ask 'why?!' It's a freakin awesome album. It's incredibly emotional material from Billy's rough personal life of his mother passing away and Jimmy leaving the band. Jimmy's absence can be heard on the album, but the pumpkins have used the opportunity to try a new direction in musical style, which they create beautifully.<br />Adore in introspective, dark, emotional and intense. The songs are poetic. Billy's is an incredibly talented songwriter and I think that it comes across the best on this album. The songs aren't dull, they are alive. Billy has a way of creating music which captures the listeners and refuses to let go. It makes my insides move.  In an interview, a woman asked Billy 'how do you write a song that sounds old the minute it's finished'. I like that, because the songs DO sound old, I can't really describe it.<br />In Billy's words. 'This album is the sound of the waves crashing, of the mountains crumbling, of the trees crashing and the clouds crying'
0446677450|4.0|I do not know how to realise the recommendations given in the book. Anyhow I enjoyed a lot while reading. Thank you.
B00001NFCY|2.0|Try some classics, or Radiohead. Oh, but they're not a &quot;safe&quot; band. Sorry.
0804115613|5.0|Book Description:   This novel that takes a look into people's lives that are much like you and me wasfirst published in 1987. It captures severaltime periods ranging from the late 20's all the way up to the late 80's. It is a novel about simple people and theirlives. As that may seem dull, it is far from that. It's humor and constant suspense is what makes this novel unlikeany other.   Review:   Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Caf has unique writing techniques,relatable characters, and extravagant themes.It's unique format of having a different character talk in each chapter,is what provides the great insight that this book has. You get to know each character, unlike otherbooks.   It's relatable characters are warm, friendly people that make the reader wish theywere friends with them. Readers can seethemselves or someone they know in one of the characters, which makes this bookso relatable. The extravagant themes ofalways staying true to yourself and it's never too late to change bad habits,are ones that could be used in everyday life.   All will enjoy this novel. As some of thecontent may be too mature for those of 7th grade age and younger, itstill provides valuable lessons that should be learned by all. It is a suspenseful book, thus making it aquick read, and simply is just a great novel.
0783235380|2.0|There's nothing really more irritating than sitting down to a movie that you think is going to be good and ends up falling flat on its face. &quot;Forces of Nature,&quot; while trying to be funny and cheerful, succeeds only in achieving this goal, and, I must say, very admirably. Promoted as a bright and sassy comedy about a guy trying desperately to get to his wedding, it ends up being more, so much more, in fact, that it bogs the film down in a blithering mess of subplot and washed up one-liners which carry on for too long. <br />The husband in question is Ben Holmes, who hates bachelor parties and can't wait to get hitched with his soulmate sweetheart. Of course, they both live in New York, and since the story needs a great deal of distance to separate our two love birds for a long period of time, the wedding is going to take place in Savannah, where her parents are planning a very festive celebration. Ben's parents want to marry him off for some reason not discussed in the plot. She flies down before him (why not together?), and he soon boards his own plane which has an accident on the runway, leaving him and his seating partner Sarah stranded. Sarah is a bit wild and evasive, without a care in the world it seems, though her admissions will later prove otherwise. Thus begins the wild race down to Savannah, involving natural and human disasters which stand in his way, not to mention his undeniable attraction to the illustrious Sarah. <br />The story seems like it has a lot going for it. So why does it fail in so many places during the movie? Well, there's a lot of things wrong with it: the contrivance of the plot, the bad execution of most of the key scenes, the let-down ending, and most of all, the character of Ben. <br />Throughout the entire movie, our two little nomads run into one problem after another, from things like stalled planes to switched train cars, from stormy weather to geriatrics on a travel bus who believe the lie about Ben being a doctor, Ben and Sarah run into just about anything you can possibly think of. While this may sound amusing, it gets to the point where you keep wishing he'd do one of two things: call his parents and get their credit card number to purchase a ticket to Savannah, or screw Sarah like he knows he wants to, call his fiancee and break the wedding off, and run away into the sunset and never be seen again. <br />The way some of the scenes in this film were carried out, as well as their content, are too contrived and unbelievable to make the movie work. one of these scenes that especially stands out is the trip they take to K-Mart to get out of a rainstorm. Here, they are seen romping through the store, using walkie-talkies to communicate while shopping, sitting in beach lounge chairs having drinks and talking like they own the chain of stores. I'm not sure how they usually operate things at K-Mart, but in my town, they'd be kicked out by management. The ending is the biggest contrivance, and since I cannot give it away, let's just say that there's no way you can have a wedding like that. <br />The characters of the film turn out to be a major disappointment, especially when they are given the opportunity to shine. Ben, portrayed by Ben Affleck, is portrayed as nothing more than a mushy, whining idiot who you wish would trip and break his face at least ten times throughout the movie. While his inner struggle is supposed to provide a dramatic factor for the movie, it does nothing more than make him and the story more annoying and unbearable. Sandra Bullock, while charming and radiant, proves that her character is a big fat waste of talent. Her free-spiritedness and wit grow even more tired than Affleck's whining, though she does have her monents of hilarity. The saddest waste of actress is Maura Tierney, who plays Ben's fiancee. During her stay in Savannah, awaiting the arrival of Ben, all she can do is pout about his inability to reach her sooner, get drunk with friends, be seduced without success by an old high school male friend, and listen to her parents gripe and complain about her fiancee's tardiness. <br />One an even worse note, I must comment on the decision to try and have a parental storyline going on in the midst of everything else (as if there weren't enough to keep up with already). Tierney's parents turn out to be separated, while Affleck's are happily married. They keep popping up just when you think they've been obliterated by the scriptwriter who was deciding to give us a blessing. <br />My summation: too much plot going on, hardly a shred of believability, even if you suspend disbelief, and less-than-amusing characters, all combined into one large mess that makes &quot;Forces of Nature&quot; a very confused and sloppy attempt at a romantic comedy. To thou who wouldst see this movie, I charge thee beware endless subplots and annoyances that make your own life's discord seem like posies in a breezy field.
B000002LK1|5.0|Depeche Mode is one of those legendary bands like the beatles who manage to break new ground with every new album while still retaining their winning style. Violator is the culmination of a decade of talent and change. This album is sort of cross over from 80s synthpop to 90s darkwave. Most of their songs are very danceable, but the song on this album that really grabs me is  &quot;Policy of Truth&quot; , a mysterious and unique song as far as DM is  concerned. Though having heard these songs first hand before buying this album it is somewhat difficult to relive the feelings these songs evoke today.But I certainly can understand why this album turned so many people on to DM; and likewise Violator was produced at the height of their popularity.
B00004U8H4|2.0|When I go to the movies, I can handle killings and murders. I can handle people going insane in their own minds, and people surrounding them suffering the consequences. That's not a shot to me; you've seen one death, the rest all seem like eye candy. What I don't like it killings and murders without a sensible plot. There has to be a motive, or a point ultimately made in the ending, that satisfies me well enough to have understood why the killer does what he or she does. Then, it's a good movie. <br />&quot;American Psycho&quot; tried its best to fall into that category, though it succeeded only through its failure. The beginning of the movie was set up quite well, but from then on, all we get is the opinions and actions of a man so obsessed with himself that his motives are so petty and pointless. The movie tries so hard to be a satire of its characters, when in reality, it does nothing but give us a little more bloodshed and massacre than most other movies of this genre.<br />The movie follows the everyday proceedings of a successful businessman by the name of Patrick Bateman, a commodities broker who has an insatiable lust for murder and an extreme amount of disdain for all of those around him. This contempt he holds for everyone in his life, known or unknown, is the cause of his mental snaps, which leads him to commit one heinous act after another. And that's all the movie really is: his descent further and further as he begins killing more people and covering it up like nothing has happened. I can't go into details about the ending, so really, it's your choice as to whether or not it is a redeeming feature for the rest of the movie. <br />The only thing that I found admirable about the film is the fact that it is a no-holds-barred deal, and it seems as though it was made with no regard whatsoever about how the MPAA would deal with its extreme level of sexual and violent content. I admire a movie maker who can look society straight in the eye and basically say,&quot;Hey, this is a movie. Some of it actually does happen in real life. Start realizing it.&quot; This is one of those movies, and for that, I give it credit. <br />However, I was vastly put off by Bateman's overly egotistical attitude towards everything in his life. It begins in a scene when he wakes up in the morning and takes a shower, and a voice over details everything that he does in regard to washing and cleaning his face, how many crunches he can do (&quot;I can go up to 1,000 now.&quot;), and his opinions on life in general. If they had left it at that with this scene, I would've been okay with it, but instead, it extends throughout the entire movie. Even during sex, he cannot help but look at himself in the mirror and flex his bicep. This is the ruinous feature of the film; there's just too much of it for me, and I'm sure others, to handle. <br />While the subject matter of the movie is not the greatest I've ever seen, the actors do a terrific job in their roles. Christian Bale is a standout as Patrick Bateman, and plays out the egotistical maniac role quite well. He is the film, basically. He is able to somewhat keep the movie together in certain places where it is needed. <br />The movie does not have a bad premise to it, but the attitudes and feelings of the characters throughout the film ruin it, so to speak. If they had concentrated more on the satirical nature of the plot, then it would be a far better success than what it really is: bland, and as emotionless as its main character.
0812589041|2.0|I'm sorry, I just didn't like this novel. I found it unbelievable (seven years olds doing all that! Come on!), predictable (like everybody except Ender himself didn't all see THAT ending coming), and obviously written and with sequels in mind (which I refuse to waste my time reading). It's a good book for young teenagers, but not for us 30-somethings, and CERTAINLY undeserving of the Hugo and Nebula awards!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Okay, fine: so the Beatles wrote so many songs and perhaps this isn't a true reflection of their complete repertoire. BUT it is what it says it is - and these songs are what the public of that era (with a bit of manipulation from the powers that be, of course!) recognised as their best.  There are so many compilation albums by the group, but it is about time that a collection of their &quot;number ones&quot; was released.<br />It contains 27 quality tracks from the maestros of rock that will be a great introduction to those who hardly know the Beatles. From &quot;Love me Do&quot; to &quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot;, it will have you tapping your toes or reminissing about that age (depending on how old you are!).   You can't really be disappointed by the album, but if you truly want to know more about the Beatles then dig deeper: Abbey Road, Rubber Soul, Revolver, Sgt Pepper may be albums that appeal to you. If you want a bit more, and have a bit more dough in your pocket: go for the red and blue albums: they contain all these tracks and more.<br />This album puts present pop groups to shame. It is timeless and appealing to all ages (just look at the rest of the reviews). If you want only 1 Beatles album: then make sure you get ONE!
0804115613|5.0|The book didn't really have a plot or a theme; it was just a bunch of mixed up stories. Going between Mrs. Threadgoode telling Evelyn stories of days past and Ruth and Idgie living in those days past, was confusing, but it made the story all the better. Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Café was a wonderful book that was full of the southern local color. Fannie Flagg did a wonderful job of bringing each of the characters alive. It was almost as though they were real people.<br />Throughout the novel the reader almost becomes a part of each of the characters. The way Flagg gave each character such personality made becoming a character so easy. Between Idgie's boyish-ness and Ruth's subdued feminism, the contrast made them as characters that more compatible. Another contrast of complimenting characters was Mrs. Threadgoode and Evelyn. Mrs. Threadgoode was an outgoing, very talkative woman, and Evelyn was quiet and shy.<br />The novel Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Café deserves five stars. The character embodiment, the spellbinding stories, and the true-to-life settings made this book a true modern day classic for anyone willing to read.
B00004ZAV3|3.0|As someone who grew up with the Beatles, have to tell you that this is not what I expected. Granted, all these songs are great but there's something lost in the way they were packaged. I guess part of the appeal back then was hearing the next track, a new song unreleased. Here, we have songs that have been heard and played. Besides, putting these songs together in one package sort of ruins the flavor of the how the songs were first  heard; on Abbey Road, we have &quot;Come Together,&quot; followed by &quot;Something.&quot; Here's it's just the opposite. I've grown accustomed to hearing it in the reverse. It's that way for all the songs...all out of order....
0792839625|5.0|Richard Attenborough's film A CHORUS LINE is excellent.  The casting is impeccable.  Brilliant performances are turned out by Michael (Mark) Blevins, Nicole (Kristine) Fosse, Audrey (Val) Landers, Gregg (Ritchie) Burge, and Justin (Greg) Ross and Michael (Zach) Douglas.  Although, this film version strays from slightly from the original stage version - it's not to be missed. One of the best &quot;dancing&quot; films of the dacade.  I imagine 20 years from now this will be a big &quot;sleeper&quot; hit - like &quot;The Wizard of Oz&quot; it will go down in history as a great movie musical in an era when movie musicals were &quot;dead&quot; - A CHORUS LINE, the movie is alive and kicking!  Check it out!
0790729628|5.0|This is and has been my favorate movie for a VERY long time. It really stirs up the imagination. <br />There is one thing: where can I find the original version - the one with the narration. I think everyone should see the original one before they see the director's cut (I personally prefer the original movie more than the director's cut). <br />In short, this is a brilliant piece of work! It is a masterpiece classic.
0684843749|5.0|I am a bodybuilder from Colorado. This encyclopedia is the best thing that ever happened to somebody that is trying to learn more about bodybuilding and every aspect of it. The book covers competition, nutrition, exercises, preventing injury, and anything else you can think of. Arnold is the king of Bodybuilding. You should quickly earn a lot of respect for him and take him as your personal trainer after reading the forward. Looking to gain some muscle mass while becoming educated on how you are getting it at the same time? This book is for you.
068818071X|4.0|I read this story a couple of days after I read Watermelon (also by Marian Keyes) and I liked it even better. Rachel's Holiday is a perfect choice if you are looking for some quality light reading. Keyes still uses the same technique as in Watermelon, where Rachel talks directly to us and therefor is our only source of information about herself in the first half of the book. Later we get some more information about her trough the metings with others. It is written in the same chatty, humorous tone that makes all of Keyes' novels such a pleasure to read, but this story is a little different and a little more daring. <br />When we first meet her, she is about to be admitted to the Cloisters, a Irish sort of Betty Ford Clinic. She is in denial. Anyone who has had personal experience with addicts (of one kind or another) will recognize how they may fool you (and sometimes themselves). In the first part of the book, she seems pretty shallow and definitely a bit dense, but she grows as a person through her therapy and her friendships with other recovering addicts. Rachel has not really got a clue about who she is in the beginning and why she is becoming an addict. She develops as a person in and trough the story and grows to become something more than a cartoon figure or a heroine of a cheap weekly magazine story. Keyes has written this story with much fine humor and I laughed out loud many times to the great fun of those who were around me. <br />Two warnings: Highbrows who do not enjoy light reading should stay away from this book and secondly if you do not like happy endings of any kind, please also stay away from this book.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I am sure everyone has had everything to say about this movie already.  All I want to say is, if you have not seen it once, you have not seen one of the best/greatest movies every made.
0060194995|5.0|This timeless masterpiece bursts beyond the confines of the printed page, and even beyond the substance of its story. It leaves one breathless with the wonderment of the world seen through a child's eyes, magnified by the adult's realization of what it all means. Harper Lee's sole work (to my knowledge), is in my opinion equal to Huckleberry Finn as the greatest American writing ever.
B000056VIY|4.0|Okay, I admit it. I expected this sophmore release to be nothing more than a feeble attempt to regain that super momentum the first CD brought about. My expectations have been foiled. This CD is jammin! These songs have great beats that make you want to move! No, Jennifer is not Whitney Houston, or Toni Braxton. But she DOES make you want to hit the dance floor. I can't wait to see the videos to come. I am sure Jennifer will be doing all the latest dance moves like only she can. This has already been proven with the video for her current single, &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot;. That beat has really got it going on! The song &quot;Play&quot; is sure to become a favorite. It is so funky, I'm sure all of the DJ's will be playing that song! &quot;Walking On Sunshine&quot; is reminiscent of Janet Jackson. But hey! It is a winner. Jennifer falls back on her Latin heritage influence on &quot;Ain't It Funny&quot;, &quot;Carino&quot;, and &quot;Si Ya Se Acabo&quot;. No, these songs probably won't hit the charts, but they do provide a nice mix of beats and tempos. Of course, I knew Puffy would be somewhere on this CD. He produced &quot;Dance With Me&quot;, a mid tempo groove that I am sure will hit the charts with a bang. The hottest song on the CD has to be &quot;Come Over&quot;. This is a definite winner! It is a slow, seductive song, with a sensual groove. I got fever just listening to it. LOL ... You go J-Lo! A one hit wonder you are not.
B000002BHE|5.0|This CD is absolutely beautiful. Celine's voice is very strong, clear and awe-inspiring. She shows that she can sing to the sky (i.e. All By Myself, It's All Coming Back To Me Now), and keep it low (i.e. Falling Into You, Seduces Me). I love all of the songs, I can't pick a favorite. The last song &quot;Fly&quot; never fails to bring tears to my eyes. It's so full of emotion and power. If you love Celine, pick this CD up.
B000056VIY|4.0|J.Lo is a departure of sorts from her debut album On the 6. On this album, the songs are more upbeat, showcasing a more confident Jennifer. Its a very latin flavored album, the tracks will keep you dancing and burning up that dancefloor. Its safe to say most of the 15 tracks on this cd are upbeat dance numbers, and there are the sensual ballads as well. I predict the singles from this album will include Im Real, Play, Dance With Me, We Gotta Talk or That's Not Me (not all of them but some of those are likely to become singles). I suggest this album to anyone who wants to smile, because the album is happy and will keep you dancing through the day.
B00005214X|4.0|...is the sound of the old versions of the &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; CD going to the used record stores.   The new one is quite wonderful.    While it is the same mix as the original record (I suppose it couldn't be anything BUT that), the remastering for this new CD package is quite striking.  It's almost like the difference between AM mono and FM stereo. There's a shimmering, dramatic quality to this that I think actually beats the original vinyl issue...it just roars out of the speakers.  Some tracks are almost TOO hot - the limitations of the original recordings rearing the ugly head, but I'll take that over the cruddy, muffled sound that we've lived with now for 30 years.  Nonetheless, even when it gets hot (&quot;Wah Wah&quot; is thunderous), the instruments are far more distinct, and considering it's a Phil Spector production, that certainly is remarkable (the Wall of Sound was always exactly that).  &quot;I'll Have You Anytime&quot; comes to a close with a high-hat sizzle I didn't even know was there.  This thing sounds - for the first time - really delightful.    Interestingly, the package is seriously updated, bearing little resemblance to the original other than the basic photographic elements (except the package returning to the boxed style).  But Harrison indicates that since this is an updated version, he wanted to have &quot;a little fun&quot; with it. Harrison writes new notes for it (he supervised the entire proceedings, sound and package) and finally acknowledges all the musicians.    The bonus tracks are virtually all previously bootlegged, but certainly sound far better here. The exception to the usual bonus track process - in one of the strangest moves I've ever encountered - is a brand new recording of &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; at the end of disc one.  It sounds very much like the original (for all I can tell, there might be sampled elements of the original in here), yet has some musical touches that are very much Harrison today, especially a livelier lead guitar and playful vocal.    This is one of the very few remastered special editions fully supervised by the actual artist, start to finish and top to bottom. Purists might gripe over the re-designed package and the running order (the bonus tracks are at the end of disc one, rather than at the end of the set), but it's HIS album.  And the fact that he obviously spent an enormous amount of time remastering this great album in his own way, in his own time, is something that's highly laudable.  So seldom does this happen.  So seldom does someone do the right thing.  George did HIS thing, and it all works.
0440539811|5.0|This book will tie your brain in approximately twenty-three knots and then go about ripping apart every single one. You will love every fnord minute of it.
0312954468|4.0|An 'overblown soap opera'? Maybe. Then again, I do not read books of this nature for edification. I read them for entertainment. Furthermore, I do not care for soap operas.<br />Yes, the main character of the story, Taita, is a bit pompous. Nonetheless, this story is wonderful if escape is what you seek. Characteristic Wilbur Smith writing - adventure, plot, emotion, and vivid imagery. Buy it. It is definitely worth a read.
0451191153|5.0|Rarely do I come across a book that is as striking, disturbing and thought provoking as &quot;Fountainhead&quot;.. while some of the reviewers argue that the characters of the novel are a bit too extreme in many ways and unrealistic, I would argue that there was no other way to deliver the message and to provoke the appropriate level of self-analysis and questioning of the world around us..<br />In the world where spinelessness, conformity and obedience often get rewarded, Ayn Rand has boldly risen to defend the virtues of personal integrity, principles, idealism and individuality.. <br />While each of us has had to compromise our own ideals at one point or another to reach our objectives, the book cries out to limit the compromise we undertake in our daily lives to a minimum, for every little compromise chips away from whatever remains of our character and individuality.. and the compounding effect of all the little compromises eventually destroys what we are and what we intended to be..<br />While this is my first experience with Ayn Rand's writings, I feel like I've identified with many of her ideas long before I picked up this book, as I have often resented the world around me pushing me in the directions I don't want to go to..<br />This novel calls for leading the life according to our own ideals as opposed to expectations of others.. and those who will be able to extract the message are likely to attain internal peace and self-understanding..
B00005614N|5.0|I have always been a fan of the jazz greats, but I never felt like I could fully enjoy them because of the poor quality of the recordings.  The quality of this recording is FABULOUS!  For the first time, I can enjoy great artists and not get distracted by poor sound.  This album is tremendous, every track is enjoyable. I have not stopped playing it since I bought it!!
B00000J7J4|4.0|I have been a long time Santana fan, and I planned on boycotting this album because I felt that he was &quot;selling out.&quot;<br />This was a huge mistake.  I finally bought the album, and found that his magic remains intact.  Besides the radio time songs, the album is chock full of entertaining music.  When I got over my snobbiness, I came to think of this album not as a sellout, but more of a sharing of Santana so that more people would enjoy his talents.<br />If you weren't a Santana fan before, Supernatural will sell you.  If you were a Santana fan, don't be a dolt (like me).  Buy the album you will love it.
B00005214X|5.0|The sound on this reissue is awesome! There is no comparrison to the original. These songs deserve to be heard again and appreciated. The packaging and liner notes are also top-notched.
6305622930|4.0|General Patton was everything an American hero should be: aggressive, by turns profane and pious, and above all a winner.  This movie is all those things as well.  Like a handful of other films have, &quot;Patton&quot; captures the chaos, the heroism and the personalities of WWII.  George C. Scott's performance as Patton is a masterpiece; it ranks among the great performances by a leading man in the history of Hollywood.  The fact that he accomplished this while staying true to an historical figure is all the more remarkable.<br />Overall, this movie does a wonderful job of telling the story of a great American.  Normally, I would give it five stars.  However, there are some nagging historical innacurcies.  Also, the film is colored somewhat by the fact that General Omar Bradely served as a consultant on the film, in spite of the fact that he pretty much hated Patton and was jealous of his abilities.  Ultimately though, these are small complaints about an otherwise great movie.
B00004XOWM|3.0|&quot;3 dollar bill yall&quot; was great, and &quot;Significant Other&quot; is probably my favorite CD EVER, but this one falls short.  Fred has sold out a little to the MTV people.  Not enogh effort was put into the album and it clearly shows in its poorer quality compared to Limp's other CDs.  I'm hoping for a better effort from the band the next time around.  Till then PEACE.
B00004TDTO|5.0|Never before or since has a movie taken hold of the American conciousness like &quot;Jaws&quot;.  To this day, people are scared to go near the water because of it; and the famous score is perhaps one of the most widely recognized pieces of music in the US.  <br />The beauty of this film is that it's subtle; you don't even see the shark until halfway through the movie.  The viewer isn't just scared of the shark, they are scared of everything that is unknown and uncontrollable.  The superb acting and camera work only enhance the tension, and the fact that the action takes place in a summer paradise creates an uncomfortable dichotomy that pushes it over the top.<br />&quot;Jaws&quot; is one of the great films of all time.  The fact that it is a genuine crowd pleaser makes it all the more special.  For these reasons the bonus feature on the making of &quot;Jaws&quot; is all the more interesting, because it shows how a movie that seemed almost cursed became a hit.<br />A great movie, and a great DVD.  Enjoy!
0804115613|4.0|Set in a quaint Alabama town in the 1930's and in a nursing home in the 1980's, this wonderful novel explores the lives of four women.  Each women speaks with a strong voice and the feminine spirit is loudly present.  Racing back and forth between the 1930's to the 1980's, each woman has a unique and bright personality.  In the nursing home, Mrs. Threadgood regales an insecure Evelyn Couch about her past in Whistle Stop.  Idgie and Ruth, two women in love, start a cafe during the depression and are kind and generous to all that need their help.  Idgie had rescued Ruth and her unborn child from an abusive husband, later falling back on the town for support when accused of his murder.  <br />Each character struggles with some kind of problem or issue, but always comes to a shining conclusion that everyone can learn a lesson from.  This novel openly explores the strong issues of homosexuality, discrimination, independent women, and getting older gracefully.  This is one of those novels you look forward to reading and are sad when it's over.  You'll miss the characters and wonder how they faired after the last page is turned.  This is truly a wonderful book.
6305776369|5.0|When i read what Roger Ebert wrote about M. Shannon and her character in this film, that was the last time i listen to anything he says. Alot of professional reviewers thought the character was just a little too dark, but that's what was so beautiful about how well they developed her. This character is absolutely complex, and sincere and i think a lot of people just could not handle that. She is strong and weak, loud and brash, and spends half the movie whispering. She is an extremely complex nerd who thinks she's a superstar...and she is. She goes through so much of the stuff that different young women may go through in their minds, but she is zany enough to do it all. WOW. <br />Will Farrell is an absolute riot as her crush, Sky Kerrigan, Tom Green's small role is hilarious, and Elain Hendrix is great/perfect. I forgot who plays the best friend but she is the best next to Shannon. All character i have never seen in anything else, rare and spontaineous. Most movies are just simple characters with one side to them. These guys have it all and it's all done with very little taste (always a plus for an SNL movies). <br />The catholic school scenes will just kill if you've ever gone or have friends who attend catholic school. So many of the jokes about catholic school are both over the top and subtle. Like the father eating the dry toast is just one of the funniest things i've ever seen in my life, and it's only a 10 second scene using the sound of his biting into burnt toast to make me double over in laughter. <br />Each scene is a small skit, that's how this movie is made, and some people do not appreciate that style of movie. I've heard people say it is totally fragmented and i think this is what they are refering to. If people are waiting for a formula film this ain't it. But it is a rare and very funny film for those who are young at heart and remember what it's like to think that the world revolves around you. <br />Overall, probably females will like it better than males, although many males i know really like it. <br />I am so glad they made this movie. I watch it all the time on DVD. <br />I would DEFINITELY recommend this for any female who has a fun side. Any male who likes SNL and can handle a really strong female character.Thank goodness she got a good movie instead of the usual SNL stuff. Don't get me wrong, i love snl, but most of the movies are really poor. This one is about as funny as it gets. There is so much feeling and insight into the life of a struggling teen, not to mention struggling to be a movie star. Although i personally wish there had been a little more slapstick, there was more than there usually is for women, so i'm happy. <br />if you have any part of a silly sense of humor, you could watch this movie a few times and really die laughing.
B000056VIY|5.0|As usual Jennifer Lopez gave us a stunning new album.  All of the songs are as good as her new hit single &quot;My Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot;.  I recommend this cd to any Jennifer Lopez fan.  I think this cd is going to top the charts!!
B00004TJTS|5.0|My Sister watched this Movie &quot;My Dog Skip&quot; last year, she told me to watch it.  Due to the recent loss of a long time friend of 13 years  (my cat),  I decided at that time &quot;not&quot; to view this film for awhile.<br />After finally watching the movie on HBO, I'm sorry that I did not see the film sooner.  I have just recently ordered the DVD and the Book &quot;My Dog Skip&quot; as well.<br />If you watch it, watch it with a box of kleenex...you'll need it!<br />A wonderful film and very well done.
B00003Q43A|2.0|Here's another of those movies that the public went to in droves.  And, as with Armageddon, Top Gun, Godzilla, and so many others, it is a big waste of film.  I can't say I hated this lame story as much as I absolutely loathed Armageddon, but it's close.  Why, oh why can't they have a script before they start cranking out fast food tie-ins? And why do I keep thinking just maybe *this* will be the blockbuster that actually amounts to something other than frequent eye-rolling at the endless cliches and overall BADNESS of it?  God awful stuff, especially all of the characters and the horrid dialogue.  And that Randy Quaid character...jeeez. <br />OK...I'll admit to liking one scene in the film.  It's where Will Smith gets up in the morning and goes out to get the paper, still half asleep, and finally starts to notice his panicked neighbors fleeing, and finally the huge spaceship looming on the horizon. A cool shot, and it gave me a little tingle that &quot;wow, wouldn't that just blow your mind?!&quot;   Too bad those 5 minutes are basically it.  Please people...just because it will sound cool in your home theatre is no reason to buy a DVD of this junk.
B000021Y77|5.0|There's something about some of those European action movies. Instead of creating intensity by adding a lot of shooting, car chases and people dying like flies, they make it by original filming, use of colors, use of great fitting music, making frequent unexpected and twisting turns and coming up with things that just haven't been done before.<br />Run Lola Run or &quot;Lola Rennt&quot; is one of the best movies like that. Based on a dream the director had about a girl with bright red hair running, it is about just that. Lola (Franka Potente) is running for the life of her boyfriend and for their life together, to save everything she holds important in life. <br />By playing the story three times, with three different outcomes and with several different short side-track stories, the movie makes you realize how much our lives and faiths are controlled by those little details that happen every day.<br />If you want an alternative to the standard Hollywood action movie where the good guy has to kill several bad guys and the bad guys kill even more insignificant good guys, this definately is a movie for you.
B00000G3PA|1.0|This could be one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  The writing and characters were so WEAK, that even some cool special effects couldn't make me enjoy this junk.  I was surprised by Ben Affleck's lack of real acting ability, and was really hoping he would be one of the ones to die in the end. Why do movies like this make so much money??? Is the American viewing public really that simple-minded that a movie lacking any real substance could be this popular?  It's discouraging that the answer is apparently 'yes'.  Skip this one if you have any sort of taste whatsoever.
B00001IVR0|5.0|WILHELM BACKHAUS IS WELL KNOWN FOR HIS INTERPRETATIONS OF BEETHOVEN BUT HE WAS ALSO A GREAT BRAHMSIAN AS SHOWN IN THIS WONDERFUL RECORDING. KARL BOHM IS ALSO A SPLENDID MATCH FOR BACKHAUS AS THEY COMBINE THEIR MUSICAL INSIGHT AND STRENGTH AS IF THEY WERE ONE OF THE SAME. BACKHAUS PRODUCES PLAYING OF MASSIVE POWER AND MASCULINITY UNLIKE ANYONE ELSE YET HE CAN PRODUCE THE LIGHT TOUCH WHEN THE SCORE CALLS FOR IT. BACKHAUS ENTERS THE FIRST MOVEMENT DELICATELY THEN SNAPS THE DOORS DOWN WITH THAT MONOLITHIC SIGNATURE SOUND MELTING WITH PASSION,POWER,AND A CONFIDENT OPTIMISM. THE SECOND MOVEMENT HAS ERASED THAT OPTIMISM AND REPLACED IT WITH A GRIM CRY FOR RESCUE AS BACKHAUS GOES TO BATTLE WITH HEROIC VIGOR AND A OVERWHELMING ANXIETY BACKED UP BY KARL BOHMS ATTENTIVE ACCOMPANIMENT. BACKHAUS PLAYS AS IF HIS HANDS WERE GLUED TO THE KEYS AS HE MAKES EVERY NOTE STAB AND STICK THRU THIS VOLCANIC MOVEMENT. BACKHAUS'S FINGERS NOW BRUSH THE KEYS TENDERLY AS HE PLAYS THE FRAGILE DESPONDENT THIRD MOVEMENT WITH A KEEN SENSITIVE INSIGHT THAT IS MATCHED BY THE SUPERLATIVE PLAYING OF THE VIENNA PHILHAMONIC'S CELLIST. THE TWO MAKE VERY TOUCHING AND ELOQUENT CONVERSATION. THE FOURTH AND FINAL MOVEMENT FINDS ORCHESTRA AND SOLOIST PLAYING WITH THE GRACE,VITALITY,AND PLAYFULNESS OF A CHILD THAT IS A JOYOUS THING TO HEAR. WILHELM BACKHAUS AND KARL BOHM MADE MUSICAL POETRY TOGETHER HERE AND THIS RECORDING PRESERVES THAT MOMENT FOR ETERNITY. O.F.
B000002KCC|5.0|Neil Young constantly reminds fans that this is one of his favorite releases, and only the most fastidious among them would disagree. Released in 1975, a period of subtle and overlooked brilliance in his career, Tonight's The Night joins 1977's forgotten classic, American Stars 'N Bars, as one of two albums exhibiting excellent performances on both sides of the Neil Young spectrum, folk and rock 'n roll. Few Neil Young rockers eclipse the addictiveness and tenacity of &quot;World On A String,&quot; of which Neil has often delivered a brilliant acoustic rendition in recent live performances. The legendary title track is fittingly the first song on the album, as it is indeed just the beginning of the unshakable pathos contained on these 12 songs. From the hippie-piano-blues of Speakin' Out to the mercilessly raw ballad, Borrowed Tune, to beautifully breezy electric numbers like Mellow My Mind, Albuquerque, and Tired Eyes, this is not just an essential Neil album, it steadfastly remains among the top five releases of his career.
B0000524E5|2.0|A plot and story that has been done before, better. Miserably bad acting: Tara Banks, Leanne Rymes. Only highlight: John Goodman. Better yet, rent something else.
1853260002|5.0|You must read this book, especially if you are just beginning to explore the world of classic literature.  Out of all of Jane Austen's work, this is the best.  It's pace and structure are perfect, the characters are so well defined that you could recognize them on the street, and the prose is delicious.  Enjoy!
B000050XEI|4.0|Enya's music still sounds the same as before, but who says she's boring?<br />There's no need for electric guitars and stuffs to make the music sound nice... If this is so, masterpieces from the Classical period would have been thrown into the bin right now...!<br />Enya has not ran out of creativity. The album reflects Enya's unique personal style which she is persistant in throughout the years. Her sense of personal style is so strong that you can hear the music and say &quot;Ah... That's Enya, right?&quot; even though you have never heard the piece before!<br />Personally, I think &quot;Wild Child&quot; and &quot;Only Time&quot; are the most beautiful tracks in this album. They are beautifully sang and the orchestration is good. <br />The other tracks are simply refreshing and heavenly. Listen to it and you will not be disappointed! Buy it!
B000056VIY|1.0|jennifer Lopez the highest paid latina actress of all time.  Jennifer Lopez considered by many to be this era's new sex pot. Jennifer Lopez the only &quot;music artist&quot; who should pay us for watching her act, listening to her sing.  And for all the time she spends walking around butt naked, she should have spent taking voice lessons.  I mean madonna did do it first-and bettr I might add.  And speaking of Madonna isn't this trying to be one of her discs.  The first single &quot;Say My Nam...Opp's I mean &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot; is just a rippoff of the now trademark Destiny Child's sound.  Do we really need another song about someone else's money?  Another disgusting track is &quot;Secretly&quot; a song in which Lopez sounds as if she just left a room full of cigar smokers and came out with fleghm in her throat.  The production teams do try to cover up Lopex's flaws.  Her inability to sing is something that they can't work around.  She does have the abiliy to carry a tune but only a few steps though.  The disc does have a little bit of sunshine at least.  &quot;Come Over&quot;  plays up on Jennifer's sex kitten persona lovely as she plays willing participant to all of your desires.  But for all it's worth Jennifer Lpopez is like your second love.  She is not the original but does have creepy qualities that your first love had.  Lopez has the Steps of Paula Abdul, the star quality and production of Janet Jackson and the sassiness just good enogugh to win all the Teen People &quot;Artist Of The Year&quot; awards that her little arms can carry.
B000002J1I|4.0|Many people seem to say this is not Yes at their best.  This assumption may be correct.  However, from what I have heard, even with their classic albums like &quot;Close to the Edge,&quot; &quot;Fragile,&quot; or &quot;Going for the One,&quot; this album, &quot;Tormato,&quot; is actually my favorite.  <br />Lyrically, this album is bright, positive, and based on fantasy themes.  Unicorns, UFO's, and spirituality all exist in this record.  The production quality is also quite interesting and Rick Wakeman's choice of keyboards is quite unique for sure.<br />The stand out cuts for me are &quot;Madrigal,&quot; which is a beautiful little ditty--in fact, it's what I wish life sounded like--it's just a great, feel-good sounding song.  <br />Also, &quot;Release, Release,&quot; which is probably my favorite is a great tune which will have your head bobbing up and down because this song has a great groove--even with an unnecessary drum solo, it's still a kickin' tune with great lyrics telling a tale of controllers releasing their people.<br />&quot;Circus of Heaven&quot; is another song I love.  The melody itself is breathtaking and the subject matter is fantasy at its best--unicorns, elves, and fairies all exist in this song--taking you to another world all together--taking you to the Circus of Heaven.  The only problem I have with this song is the ending--it ends with a young boy talking.  It would have been more effective with a good power ending, but the song is so well done that the ending doesn't ruin it entirely.<br />The album's last song is another gem.  &quot;On the Silent Wing of Freedom&quot; has a great intro, a powerful melody, and great lyrics about our own final freedom.<br />&quot;Tormato&quot; is an album even Yes said they weren't very fond of.  I, however, think it's just great.  Give it a shot--very progressive indeed, but much more accessible than some of their other efforts.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I have been a MAJOR Beatle fan since 1965 and to see this cd reach #1 is only truth to the fact that The music the Beatles wrote is timeless.  I have read about 80 reviews and am so pleased to see so many young new fans get into the Beatles.  Remember kids this band will never be on one of those cd's by ktell that you see advertized on tv so much! Why?  simpley put-- Because this is THE BEATLES!!!!!!
B000001YOW|4.0|After primarily focusing on abstract, spacey, and psychedelic influences, Porcupine Tree with \\"Signify,\\" began to incorporate a more structured sound with more cohesive and well-written songs. With a full band now in place, Steven Wilson was able to delve into his song writing more effectively with this album and it clearly \\"Signified\\" a change--a change for the better.<br />The album that followed this release, \\"Stupid Dream,\\" is by far their best record and like many other reviewers, I would say it's one of the best albums on the 90's, becoming one of my personal favorites of all time. However, \\"Signify,\\" is not far behind.<br />The album, for me, kicks off with the third track, \\"Sleep of No Dreaming.\\" It has all the qualities I look for-deep, though provoking lyrics about one's own demise. Soft sections mixed with loud and haunting vocals and a great powerful chorus.<br />While the album is still more \\"experimental\\" is nature than their more recent releases, it's still very accessible. \\"Sever\\" is another one of my favorites. It's heavy and loud, but its chorus has a lovely harmonizing vocal that will leave you speechless. \\"Darkmatter\\" is another song that brings chills to me each time I listen to it. It's a longer song but it works well with each section complementing the next. I especially like the ending keyboard section and it's one of the few moments that PT has a classic prog rock feel. It doesn't last long however, and the song quickly changes and goes back to the chorus that says, \\"I am, I know,\\" leaving its interpretation open-each of us will come away with a different feeling and meaning behind this song.<br />Porcupine Tree is clearly one of the best bands out today. However, it's a shame not many people know about them due to the disgusting and cookie-cutter world of rock today. While bands like Creed and Godsmack are selling millions of albums, with virtually no talent or uniqueness about their sound, Porcupine Tree is struggling to get their music heard. It doesn't make much sense. This is music for people with minds. It's sophisticated rock for people who are looking for more than four chords. It's a band that you simply can't live without. \\"Signify,\\" \\"Stupid Dream,\\" and \\"Lightbulb Sun,\\" are, by far, the band's best efforts and I would HIGHLY recommend them all. I am so glad I found this band-they have brought hours and hours of fulfilling music listening bliss to my little life-its pure narcotic genius.
0393317552|3.0|According to Diamond, four factors are responsible for all historical developments:  1) availability of potential crops and domestic animals, 2) the orientation of continental axis to facilitate the spread of agriculture, 3) transfer of knowledge between continents, and 4) population size.      Diamond states that \\"those four sets of factors constitute big environmental differences that can be quantified objectively and that are not subject to dispute.\\"  Fair enough, but what *is* subject to dispute is that there might be some other factors at work.  Thomas Sowell in Race and Culture does a good job of developing the thesis that the exchange of information among European cultures, facilitated by Europe's plentiful navigable rivers, was the key to Europe's technological and economic rise.  David Landes in the Wealth and Poverty of Nations attributes China's conscious decision in the 1400's to isolate itself form other nations as the key event (decision) that caused it to lose it's technological advantage and fall behind Europe.  (Diamond briefly touches on 15th Century China in the final chapter, but manages to boil this as well down to an accident of geography.)    This is unfortunate, because the book contains a wealth of excellent material which is excellently explained.  Many of the core causes which Diamond explores ring very true, and his points are persuasively argued.  The connection between the development of agriculture and the subsequent unequal rise of military capability worldwide is very convincing.  But convincing though they may be, reading these theories one can't shake the sneaking suspicion that Diamond is selectively presenting evidence which he's has found to support his previously drawn conclusion, and neglecting evidence which runs counter.      Diamond plants these doubts through his sometimes-careless prose.  Consider the following statement, which he includes in the introduction to his chapter on the rise of food production:    \\"My fellow farmhands were, for the most part, tough whites whose normal speech featured strings of curses, and who spent their weekdays working so that they could devote their weekends to squandering their weeks' wages in the local saloon.  Among the farmhands, though, was a member of the Blackfoot Indian tribe named Levi, who behaved very differently from the coarse miners - being polite, gentle, responsible, sober, and well spoken\\"    I thought for a moment that I'd wandered into the script for \\"Dances With Wolves.\\"  Note that had this statement been turned on its head - had he, for example, recounted an unflattering anecdote about Native Americans or Hispanics -my instincts  would immediately warn me that the author's biases might be influencing how he chooses to present the evidence.   I myself am a Black American, I'm all too painfully aware that we've had to wade through some pretty grim stuff penned by authors clutching at straws to support their racist white supremacist views of the world. In this case Diamond does the reverse by aiming his negative bias towards Caucasians, but if I'm truly interested in unbiased science then my skepticism should remain the same.      That I lead with these criticisms is evidence of my disappointment in what could have been an excellent book, and indeed much of it *is* indeed excellent.  This is a book that taught me much and has indeed changed my view of world history in many ways.  I do recommend this book - the details are good and many of the theories ring true, but in the same breath I would warn against accepting Diamond's conclusions in their entirety without a bit of skepticism.      In summary, Guns, Germs, and Steel contains an important feature which David Landes's Wealth and Poverty of Nations so conspicuously lacks: a grand unifying theory which links the disparate growth rates of diverse societies worldwide.  But Diamond's tidy conclusion that world history is simply a deterministic result of geography and nothing else is not entirely satisfying, especially in that it might cause us to be complacent about the future.  I accept that accidents of geography have had a huge effect on mankind, and Diamond convincingly argues this.  But culture and human decisions do matter.  Diamond argues that human ingenuity is simply the result of the accident of having a larger population from which to draw innovations - but societies that internalize this philosophy do so at their considerable peril.
0399146253|5.0|I have read all the Scarpetta series of books, including Cornwell's latest &quot;The Last Precinct&quot;.  Particularly, I have very much enjoyed the way the characters of Kay, Marino and Lucy have developed over the series.  For the first time, this novel brings you into the mind of Kay Scarpetta.  The reader not only sees her as the strong, clever Chief Medical Examiner of Virginia, but as a woman with vulnerabilities just like the rest of us.  She becomes &quot;real&quot;.  And Marino, who became burnt out, as many admirable law enforcement officers do with as much time and challenge as he has endured on the job.......again very &quot;real&quot;.  I would think something was wrong with him if he didn't have his disgruntled attitude. And finally, Lucy.  We were introduced to her in &quot;Postmortem&quot; as a 10 year old kid from Miami, who was neglected by her mother but had the comfort of knowing that her Aunt Kay loved her no matter what. This unconditional love was faithfully displayed when Kay was accepting of Lucy's &quot;coming out&quot;.  Lucy's character has grown to be an intelligent, talented gay woman who is completely comfortable with her sexuality, trying to make the best of what life has to offer.......again, very &quot;real&quot;. I commend Cornwell for touching upon the great complex realities of life in which we all live.  My hat goes off to her!
0440234743|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I felt for Nate as he struggled with his addictions, and I was cheering for him as he was fighting them.  The story was believable and gave me a clear picture of what it must be like for alcoholics.  <br />I think this book is now my favorite John Grisham book now, bumping Rainmaker and Runaway Jury to second and third place.
0805062971|5.0|An outstanding adaptation to film. Considering the Hollywood trend for adaptation, usually grossly pathetic adaptation, Fincher has succeeded in making a film that truly embodies the concept and intensity that Chuck Palahniuk set to text in 1996. Granted phrases were edited, scenes were dropped but Fincher managed to stay true to Palahniuks tale of mans fight against the fakeness and meaninglessness that life easily reverts too under the right amount of repression. In literature right now this is not a unique theme. Nihilism seems to be on the verge of a comeback amongst the contemporary thirty something year old writers and the younger audiences who are intent to shell out the cash for it. Fight Club however is on the top of my list as one of the more explicit espousers of this philosophy. Palahniuks Narrator is a character who is no longer an active participant in his life. Apathy turns into self-hate, self-hate to the more violent self-destruction, or (and this is the fork in the road) revolution.  He seeks meaning through materialism and only really has control over what furniture to purchase for his condo. This kind of alienation and disassociation from anything real or human is the warm and dark breading ground for, among things, nihilism. In essence nihilism seeks to find meaning through violence; the only way that our Narrator can incorporate meaning into his superficiality and insignificance is through the destruction of everything and everyone around him. The Stranger by Albert Camus follows a man completely devoid of responsibility a man who can find no meaning in anything in his life until an act of senseless violence drives him the realization that the only meaning in life is the meaning that you yourself make. Unlike Palahniuks Narrator time is up for the stranger and this profound realization becomes useless to all but those who recognize it and learn from it. Fight club went under fire for its graphic intensity but I think that what most people didn't notice was that for all its morbidity this film is an abstraction of reality and not a literal `apocalyptic vision of the future'. Not to say that it doesn't contain truth, but that the truth and the lesson need to exist in the absurdity and intensity for them to be of any relevance at all.   Suggested reading: Knucklehead by Peter Gault, Survivor by Chuck Palahniuk, anything by Hunter S. Thompson, and something I just finished which is a complete Fight Club imitation but contains some interesting nuggets of abstruse sagacity, Fake.Liar.Cheat. by Tom Goldberg.....
B00000IAU3|5.0|The haunting voice of Dido first sprung into our heads as the magic behind the Eminem song &quot;Stan&quot;.  Despite collaberating with the US rapper she has seen her career rocket as many felt obliged to investigate further. Radio 1 did and the Sara Cox breakfast show made &quot;Here With Me&quot; the record of the week.  This looks to be the catalyst to make Dido become a household name. No Angel is a fantastic debut album that demonstrates her fine range of styles.  Very similar in sound to Sarah McLachlan, Dido provides us with some catchy melodies along with some Lene Marlin type guitar backed tunes.  This contrast in styles makes easy listening.  &quot;Thank You&quot; provides us with the verse used in Stan along with several more than have you equally moved as the sample used.   Fantastic Voice - Fantastic Album!!!
B000056VIY|3.0|&quot;J.Lo&quot; the new CD from actress/singer/dancer Jennifer Lopez basically picks up where Jennifer's debut CD &quot;On the 6&quot; left off. Not revealing too much about Jennifer as a person, musician or even artist. This by the numbers production relies heavily on slick, hip hop beats and generic Latin pop to succeed, which it does only on a handful of levels. Jennifer's voice is not the strongest and basically calls to mind another mediocre singer/dancer from the late 80's/early 90's, Paula Abdul, whose good looks and catchy pop tunes took her to the heights of music glory, if only for a brief time. Jennifer needs voice lessons if she plans on being taken seriously as a singer. As of now, it appears that its only a side project in between movies for her and her videos are only blatant advertisements for her body. But alas, the album does have its bright spots like the techno influenced &quot;Walking On Sunshine&quot; and of course the radio hit &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot; which predictably follows the trend of empowered woman with her own money, needing only love (i.e. Destiny's Child's &quot;Independent Women&quot;, Pink's &quot;Most Girls&quot;, Mya's &quot;Free&quot; etc..). But Jennifer does manage to use her ASSets to her best ability, with sexy, erotic songs like &quot;Come Over&quot; with its smooth, silky sounds and the scorching dance track &quot;Play&quot;. Also the spanish guitar riffed &quot;We Gotta Talk&quot; blends an old school R&amp;B chorus, trendy street beats and possibly Lopez's best vocal performance on the entire CD and would'nt surprise me if its a single release. All in all, Lopez does manage to work well with the material she has even though its all predictable and has a been there, done there feel to it.
B00005214X|5.0|Anyone who has ever heard this CD knows its George Harrisons finest hour. The remastering is excellent and the new repackaging is very well done. Glad to have it back in all its glory.
B000056VIY|3.0|&quot;J.Lo&quot; the new CD from actress/singer/dancer Jennifer Lopez basically picks up where Jennifer's debut CD &quot;On the 6&quot; left off. Not revealing too much about Jennifer as a person, musician or even artist. This by the numbers production relies heavily on slick, hip hop beats and generic Latin pop to succeed, which it does only on a handful of levels. Jennifer's voice is not the strongest and basically calls to mind another mediocre singer/dancer from the late 80's/early 90's, Paula Abdul, whose good looks and catchy pop tunes took her to the heights of music glory, if only for a brief time. Jennifer needs voice lessons if she plans on being taken seriously as a singer. As of now, it appears that its only a side project in between movies for her and her videos are only blatant advertisements for her body. But alas, the album does have its bright spots like the techno influenced &quot;Walking On Sunshine&quot; and of course the radio hit &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot; which predictably follows the trend of empowered woman with her own money, needing only love (i.e. Destiny's Child's &quot;Independent Women&quot;, Pink's &quot;Most Girls&quot;, Mya's &quot;Free&quot; etc..). But Jennifer does manage to use her ASSets to her best ability, with sexy, erotic songs like &quot;Come Over&quot; with its smooth, silky sounds and the scorching dance track &quot;Play&quot;. Also the spanish guitar riffed &quot;We Gotta Talk&quot; blends an old school R&amp;B chorus, trendy street beats and possibly Lopez's best vocal performance on the entire CD and would'nt surprise me if its a single release. All in all, Lopez does manage to work well with the material she has even though its all predictable and has a been there, done there feel to it.
6305364648|4.0|I'll let the rest of the reviews speak for the quality and plot of the movie.<br />The DVD is just average. Although there are great animated menus, there just isn't anything special. It's presented in widescreen, with a good 5.1 mix, as well as subtitles and a few different languages. Bass response during explosions and gunshots were strangely low, with the music score overpowering most of the action scenes.<br />However, the only special feature is a single theatrical trailer. If you watch the movie and then watch the trailer, you'll notice scenes and dialouge in the trailer that isn't even in the movie!<br />The sole addition of these obviously &quot;deleted&quot; (and rather amusing) scenes and quips from Tom Arnold would make this DVD purchase much better. A director or actor commentary from what was obviously not just a &quot;little action movie&quot; would also add to it's value. For it's above average price you'd expect a little more.<br />Although True Lies probably doesn't deserve the full Terminator 2 Ultimate Edition treatment, it's a shame because Cameron has been so responsive with his other DVD editions, like Aliens and The Abyss.
B000002IWH|5.0|There are countless reasons why I love this album, and it's kinda strange because most of these artists I don't really care for or have never heard of.  So when I first picked up a copy, I was skeptical about how much I really was going to enjoy it.  But as soon as I had listened to it the first time through, I was hooked.  The Cure starts the album off with an okay song (I'm not a big Cure fan), and then Machines of Loving Grace pour through the speakers like a fine wine with the sultry, dark &quot;Golgotha Tenement Blues.&quot;  After that, STP comes through with a great song &quot;Big Empty&quot; that I think is probably the best Scott and co. have ever written.  Track 4 (my personal favorite) is Nine Inch Nails' absolutely fantastic &quot;Dead Souls&quot; which snarls with aggression, and got me hooked on NIN.  Rage's &quot;Darkness&quot; is pretty different from anything they have ever tried, and it shows what versatility this band has got.  Violent Femmes then arrives with a slightly funky, very interesting song that is one of the most original tracks I have ever heard.  Rollins Band, Helmet, and Pantera bust speakers and kick [butt] with there own unique, hard-hitting sounds.  After that, the soundtrack delves into lesser-known bands like My Life With the Thrill Kill Kult, and For Love Not Lisa, which are all really good, with the possible exception of Jane Siberry's &quot;It Can't Rain All the Time&quot; which I'm not crazy about.  The immense diversity that's been captured on this disk is astounding, and for some reason, I have never gotten tired of listening to this album.  So even if you haven't any idea who The Jesus and Mary Chain are, you can be assured that...you'll get the one collection that Iconsider to be about as perfect as anything on earth can get.
0783229526|5.0|I can understand why people dislike this film--If you haven't read the book you may tend to lose the theme of the story. I would not reccomend this film to the average narrow-minded fool. (you know who you are) Most of the ignorant, idiotic professional critics out there who bashed this film probably don't even know what the whole American idea of &quot;Gonzo&quot; journalism is. Thus, they are lost in the whole theme of the film. Only the highly intelligent film go-ers or those who are familiar with Hunter S. Thompson will get the idea. <br />the acting by Depp and Del Toro is EXCELLENT, superb if you will. The Cinematography is PHENOMENAL. I haven't seen camera work this amazing since &quot;2001:A Space Odyssey&quot;, or &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot;. If you like great acting, genuine humor, rampant drug use, and exquisite cinematography in a film, then by all means buy this DVD. Otherwise, stick to titles like &quot;The Matrix&quot; or &quot;Titanic&quot; for your mindless and predictable Hollywood cinema.
0440178002|3.0|While I enjoyed this book, I didn't love it. Initially I was disappointed to discover that the book was NOT about real people in Japanese history. I later discovered that the characters in the novel are actually based on actual people, but the names were changed and some literary license was taken, which did a lot to sway my disappointment. The story was gripping and the length of the novel served to provide a lot of great detail about the life and times of 17th century Japan. I am not an expert on Japanese history and culture, but I suspect that a lot of what was written was culturally accurate for the time. I know for a fact, that much of what was written is true for present day Japan. I was completely engrossed in the characters and found myself reading late into the night and during any spare time that I had. <br />That said, while the story overall was very good, I just couldn't get over the flaws in the writing style. Many people tout this as Clavell's masterwork, and if it is, I have to wonder at him being a master at all. I found many of the exchanges between the Dutch seamen and the Portugese monks repetitive and annoying, as well as the exchanges between any of the foreigners and the Japanese. I understand that hatred was rampant among these groups and that bigotry and racism existed back then as it does now, but during every single exchange between these people, a racial slur or epithet was uttered. I got the point very early on that there was no love lost among the foreigners and between the foreigners and the Japanese, but after the first few exchanges it just got old. I expect better from a &quot;master&quot;. As a person who has lived in Japan for a number of years and who speaks some Japanese, I was disappointed in the use of Japanese in this book. I understand that languages evolve, but the evolution of the language from having no such thing as a past tense to now having such a thing seems like an awfully big thing to change--even in the 400 years since this novel was supposed to have taken place. So many of the exchanges between the Japanese and between the Japanese and the foreigners were written in English, with no Japanese first and then an English translation, I wondered why Clavell seemed to need to put ANY Japanese in there at all. I also didn't like the way that Clavell showed the evolution of Blackthorne's (the main character) learning of Japanese. Japanese has no articles, so the &quot;English&quot; translation of Blackthorne's Japanese with no articles, merely served to be completely strange and somewhat irritating. These are just a few examples of my problems with the overall writing style. <br />Overall, I thought the book was good. Had the story not been as good as it was, I would have stopped reading it after the first few hundred pages. With some novels a good story just cannot overcome bad writing. I'm glad to say that this wasn't the case with Shogun.
B00001XT76|5.0|i saw this movie on the big screen, when it was first released. i fell in love with it, and saw it at least 6 more times. i had it on VHS for the longest, when i got rid of it and got the dvd. the DVD sounds so much beter,  and the film is very clean! i would recommend this movie to anybody!  i heard that they are making the second one to this. they want to get ricky martain for the lead.  &lt;ugh&gt;  i really dont think that that will go over to well.  the featres on this disk are pretty good. you will not be dissapointed.
0767805712|5.0|Ok, first of all if you only enjoy movies where stuff gets blown up, HIT THE ROAD, this movie is not for immature morons. That being said I really liked this movie. <br />Recently, there have been some serious ethical concerns raised about human genomes and cloning which this movie addresses. What if you could screen out negative genes, such as bad eyesight or hair loss, and breed the perfect child. Would you? The director really gives you something to think about.<br />And the acting in Gattaca is first rate. How Jude Law wasn't nominated for an Oscar for his role of Eugene 'the Valid' is beyond me but then again most things are. And Pulp Fiction babe Uma Thurman adds glamor to the stiff Ethan Hawke.<br />The reason I think this movie has become so popular is that movies these days are repetitive. All those mindless action movies where stuff gets blown up every two seconds drive me crazy. That's why when something different comes along, like Gattaca, people tune in. <br />So buy or rent Gattaca and a good time will be had by all!
0767835255|4.0|I like this movie because it was action-packed and suspenseful. At first, I didn't want to see it but my dad made me. I'm glad he did. The DVD version has better sound quality and sharper imaging. I only gave it four stars because, even when the cold war was over, this American-made movie potrayed Russians as terrorizing commies.
6305537798|5.0|This is my favorite movie- the only other one being Titanic! :) At first I only wanted to see this movie because Larisa Oleynik was in it- and she has been my favorite actress for years. But then after I rented it, I thought it was soooo awesome! I ran out and bought it and have probably seen it a hundred times since then. I never get tired of it! It always makes me laugh- especially Julia Stiles! Her wit in this movie is hilarious! Plus i luv the whole storyline, and even though it was predictable it worked great. This is the best movie in the world- you better buy it!
B00004U30D|2.0|I heard so much hype about this movie in the fall of 1999! Even in Russia! I knew that I had to see it. I saw it, and vowed to never watch it again. The dialogue and acting was beyond superb but the storyline was not very good. The fact that it explored suburban dysfunction was nice, but all of the sex and vulgarity turned me off. There were a few funny moments in the movie, (ex: The family eating dinner together and Col. Fitts 'homophobe-ness'). Overall, not worth all the hype.
6305903182|1.0|After seeing the first two Scream movies, both of which were okay, not too scary but scary enough to make you jump, I thought this one would be like that also. My friend and I rented this and spent the entire time cracking up. This movie was horrible! There is not a scary part in this entire movie, I guarantee you'll laugh more than jump. Stupid!
B000002UDB|5.0|Whoa......this is a really crazy album.  This hold their best Pychedelic songs.  I am the Walrus, Magical Mystery Tour are just the tip of the iceberg.  And for the people that really don't like the psychedelic sound, there is still some of the old stuff.  Your Mother Should Know, Lady Madonna, Fool on the Hill are the best out of that bag.  Just a great album.
B000056VIY|4.0|IAM ONE OF JENNIFER'S FANS.HER LAST ALBUM (ON THE 6) WAS GOOD.THANKS TO THE SPECTACULAR EFFORTS WHICH IS GIVEN BY RODNEY JERKINS.ON THE NEW ALBUM,HER SONG ((THAT'S THE WAY)) SHOWS HOW THE ARTISTRY AND THE CREATIVITY OF RODNEY (DARK CHILD) JERKINS.THIS IS THE COMING NUMBER 1 SONG FOR J-LO.ALL THE BEST JLO.AN ACTRESS,A MODEL,A DANCER AND A SINGER.WHAT'S NEXT??
B000002UB6|5.0|This album has a bad rep.  It's been titled the Break-up Album by people I know.  But, even through that, this is still a very great recording.  Let It Be, Get Back, The Long and Winding Road are just superb.  And all the others are still adequate recordings to listen to.  All and all, even through the bad, they still shine bright
B0000028M7|5.0|My taste in music usually runs towards the wildly eclectic (captain beefheart, butthole surfers, can, faust, john zorn) music that has surrealistic lyrics since I find the subject matter of the average pop song unbearably trite. On either end of the spectrum, however, there is often a major component of what you are supposed to receive from a singer: emotional connection. And then there's Dirt.... I understand the futility of writing a review of an album that has already garnered 82 separate responses, the vast majority of them recommendations. I can't possibly help the CD sell any more copies then it &quot;would?&quot; anyway. Instead I am writing because this CD has deeply affected me the way few works of art ever have. NEVER have I heard a man speak so honestly and bluntly about personal struggles within the context of modern music. The album is often just as intense as Naked Lunch, although while Burroughs magnified the lifestyle's pitfalls through a hallunigenic rollercoaster of sci-fi/satire/pornographic landscapes that were ment to allow to see inside the mind of a junkie during a high, Dirt is obsessed with the brutal aftermath; the strained, shaking vocals during the verses of &quot;Godsmack&quot; sounds like the morning jitters of an addict needing his fix. A user's apathy is hinted at many times (&quot;ah, what's the difference? I'll die.&quot;), along with.... JUST BUY THE THING, OK!!!! I'M SOUNDING LIKE THE NEW YORK TIMES HERE !!!
B000002UAU|5.0|Think about it.  If it weren't for Sgt. Pepper, what would be rock music?  What would it sound like?  Would it even be around?  This album is the greatest thing to ever happen to music since Beethoven.  In fact, they are the Beethovens of the the 20th century.  There is no way around it.  So, for all you Heavy-Metal, Grunge rockers, remember-you don't have to like the Beatles music, but without this, you wouldn't be listening to anything of that sort.  The Beatles showed the world something no one's ever seen before with this album.  So, with that in mind, buy this CD.
B00000253N|5.0|Bobby has done it again!  We've known he's been a genius for years, but thsi just proves it!  I'm only 16 years old.  I was -20 years old when Bob was big!  But I know what good music is when I hear it...and this is it!  Please by this album, you won't regret it.<br />What makes Dylan so great?  He is a poet, a musician, a genius, and a messiah all in one!  He is the father of folk music and yet still knows how to have fun!  If you listen to npo other track on the CD, listen to &quot;Tangled Up In Blue.&quot;  Wonderful sounding and lyrically poetic!  Other wonderful tracks include &quot;Shelter From The Storm&quot;, &quot;A Simple Twist of Fate&quot;, &quot;If You See Her Say Hello&quot;, and &quot;Buckets of Rain.&quot;  Every songs is magical, every word is poetry, and every strum of the guitar or toot of the harmonica is a lasting impact in history!  Though people have always ridiculed his voice, it is also another chapter in the historic landmark that Dylan has put into his music.  I am so glad I got a chance to see him in concert before I died.
B000002UB3|5.0|This is the Beatles at their best.  Their writing abilities really shine.  Song's like Come Together, Golden Slumbers, And Something make this a masterpiece.  They do everything.  Rock, country, Ballads just so perfectly.  A great album, so get it!!!
0140186409|5.0|This book is quite possibly the best book I've ever read.  It is a story of the Joad family; a poor share-cropping family in oklahoma during the dust bowl. Having fallen on hard times thanks to bad crops and an uncaring system, they are forced to go west.  Their journey exposes the very worst of class distinction.  The Joads are forced to live in unspeakable conditions, and like the other migrant families are constantly harrassed and exploited by the powers that be.  This is a vivid tale of the human condition and a message to all of us.  Steinbeck does a masterful job of telling the story.  He pulls no punches and makes no excuses for the barbaric treatment of the migrants.  He tells a story that the world might have otherwise forgotten, and makes us consider the fairness of it all.
B000056VIY|4.0|This cd is cool. Great lyrics, and a danceable rythem make it hot. Buy it if you havent already...just a great cd.
0380973464|5.0|If you found high school algebra dull and boring, you might have a little bit of work here.  Stephensons passion for the history, past and now unfolding, of cryptology finds it's voice in cryptonomicon. His same writing style seen in the action packed adventure of Hero in Snowcrash, is present, but he explores alot of his own ideas on cryptology and it's effects on society, and maybe even being a voice of the age.<br />He takes his time, and has been accused of &quot;wasting&quot; space in this novel, to profess his ideology on the subject.  I love when critics and readers decide how and what someone should write about in their novel.  The action and suspense is certainly present, but I would think one needs to let the man tell his story and take away some new knowledge, of the practical and abstract as it is offered here.<br />Excellent book, on alot of levels.
B00000099Y|5.0|Let me just say this: if you don't have this album yet, I feel very sorry for you. So stop reading this review and go buy it all ready! You don't know what you're missing! That aside, if you're still reading this, let me reassure you that this CD is worth more than what you'll pay for. Tracks like Stinkfist, Eulogy, and Aenima make the CD worth it by themselves.. but coupled with songs like 46+2, H, and Third Eye, you're probably getting the best bargain in music ever. Once again, go buy this incredible CD. You won't regret it.
B000002572|5.0|This self-titled track is the best CD I have ever listened too, to be blunt. Every morning when I get out of bed, I wake up quickly and get a sense of confidence when I listen to &quot;More Than A Feeling&quot;, or &quot;Hitch A Ride.&quot; Every song has a structure that leads to this &quot;perfect&quot; climax. The sound is unbelievable and it has something that's been missing for years...a fantastic guitar melody. Every song tells its story with its lyrics and its melodies, which are adventurous and liberating. My favorite album of all time and one that will always be remembered, this is a CD you'll need to listen to because it will be an album historians study for years to come.
B0000062GE|5.0|This CD turned me on to industrial (coupled with NIN, of course) and if you're looking to test the waters of this style of music, I highly recommend Stabbing Westward. This CD delivers sixteen solid tracks that convey incredible amounts of emotion... you almost feel like its your heart bleeding, not Hall's. This is definitely one of my favorite CDs and deserves six stars, not five. Also, if you're interested in a much darker sound from Stabbing Westward, check out their other CD's.
B000002UAX|5.0|The Beatles white album is definetly up there as one of the greatest double albums of all time. The album starts out with the straight out rocker &quot;Back in the USSR,&quot; which shows that the Beatles hadn't gone totally to keyboards and weird sound effects. It then goes on to the corny yet fun to listen to &quot;Ob-La-Di,Ob-La-Da.&quot; Other enjoyable songs on the first side of this album include &quot;Glass Onion&quot;, the Ringo Starr ballad &quot;Don't Pass me by&quot;, and &quot;I'm so Tired.&quot; The first side of the white album also contains my two personal favorites of the album. The George Harrison classic &quot;While my Guitar Gently Weeps&quot; is the ultimate Beatles jam song. It contains some powerful singing from George and a fiery guitar solo from Eric Clapton. My other personal favorite is &quot;Hapiness is a Warm Gun,&quot; truly an amazing song. The second side of the album has also got its high points. &quot;Everbody's Got Something to Hide Except for me and my Monkey&quot; is a classic, &quot;Birtday&quot; has a cool guitar riff, and other songs such as &quot;Sexy Sadie,&quot; &quot;Helter Skelter,&quot; and &quot;Revolution 1&quot; solidify this side of the album. Songs like &quot;Piggies,&quot; Why don't we do it in the road,&quot; and especially &quot;Revolution 9&quot; had you asking the question &quot;What werre these guys on?&quot; All in all though the white album is a true classic that deserves to be respected by all.
B00004XQP4|1.0|This cd sucks. I really thought green day would never sell out.  I guess I was wrong. If your under the age of 18. Please don't respond to my messege, because you have no taste in music.
B000002E5J|5.0|ME GUSTA MUCHO SHAKIRA, HE IDO A DOS DE SUS CONCIERTOS Y TAMBIEN HE ESTADO EN NUEVA YORK EN EL UNPLUGGED, DE SUS TRES PRESENTACIONES, LA QUE MAS ME GUSTO FUE LA PRIMERA. DE SUS ALBUMS, ESTE ES EL MEJOR, EL SEGUNDO NO ES MALO PERO LO SIENTO MAS FORZADO, MAS HACIA EL EXITO, MAS COMERCIAL Y EL UNPLUGGED, ME PARECE UN DESPERDICIO, AHI DEFINITIVAMENTE SIENTES MEJORA EN SU VOZ, PERO LA PRODUCCION ME PARECE MALISIMA, NO SE COMO EMILIO ESTEFAN HA PODIDO PRODUCIR ESE DISCO QUE ES LA COPIA DE &quot;DONDE ESTAN LOS LADRONES&quot; Y SOLO SHAKIRA HA PODIDO CANTAR UNA CANCION DE &quot;PIES DESCALZOS&quot;....<br />BUENO CAMBIAN UN POCO, ESTE DISCO ES MUY BUENO, LO HE ESCUCHADO NO SE CUANTAS VECES Y NO ME CANSA, CADA VEZ ME GUSTA MAS. SI ALGUIEN QUIERE SU PRIMER CD DE SAHKIRA SE TIENE QUE COMPRAR ESTA SIN DUDA, ES SUPER NATURAL Y SIENTES A SHAKIRA DESDE LA RAIZ.
0790743132|5.0|'Casablanca'....the greatest, yes, of course...everybody knows 'Casablanca' is the greatest.  What it captures, most people do not speak of. Yes dialouge, camera shots, acting, plot, all of the elements that make a great movie a great movie are tangled up inside of this film, but underneath all the Hollywood greatness, there lies a human greatness. A greatness for all the people like Rick &amp; Ilsa who had to sacrifice their personal lives for a greater cause. Like Rick says, &quot;It doesn't take much to see that the problems of 3 little people don't amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world.&quot; These people like Rick &amp; Ilsa are the lost generation; the WW II generation, and 'Casablanca' eloquently caputures their significance and importance they had in history, for they are the true heros.  Rick and Ilsa are here to represent these heros. Yes there are the monuments for the soilders and victims of the war, but 'Casablanca' is the ultimate monument to these heros, the everyday people of the world who put their own lives on hold to help the greater cause. So just remember, as time goes by, the people--the heros--who faced this great challenge may not live forever, but their duty and honor will always live on immortally, through 'Casablanca'.
0380788624|4.0|I loved Cryptonomicon because it's well written.  Despite being a seriously interesting story, full of fascinating details, it's also amusing.  Some of my favorite bits were a description of a throne and of a character eating Cap'n Crunch cereal.  The friends who recommended it to me, one a Physics professor and the other a math and computer person, told me that I might want to skip some of the pages of math, but I didn't.
B0000399WI|5.0|Leonard Maltin must've seen a different movie than the one audiences around the world fell in love with.  Overlong?  I was enraptured...by a prison drama no less!  Predictable?  Leonard must be psychic, because no one I've experienced this film with has anticipated its sheer emotional impact.  Easily one of the best films Hollywood has ever released, Shawshank gave voice to anyone who has ever felt cheated, deprived or un-free.  Americans take freedom for granted and as a Cuban immigrant, this film resonated for me in ways I can't even begin to list!  From its memorable characters and incredible performances, to its shocking ending and impeccable production values, I believe Shawshank will eventually find a comfortable place on everyone's TOP TEN FILMS OF ALL TIME LIST if critics like Maltin really truly understood what an audience needs in order to feel connected and touched.  Critics of this movie, at least for me, lack an emotional connection that isn't scripted, but rather...FELT.  Disturbing, visceral, audacious yet real, and deeply touchingly grand, &quot;Shawshank&quot; blew me away.  Other, more celebrated flicks may have their moments, but as a complete whole, this is easily one of the most beautifully realized buddy-movies ever made. Forget &quot;Forrest Gump.&quot;  Dismiss &quot;Driving Miss Daisy.&quot;  Few films are as unfortgettable, or as powerful as these 148 minutes.  Share it with your kids....PLEASE.  The morals and values that Darabount and his characters deliver are worth their weight in gold....a stunning achievement!
0743201140|4.0|Trying to overcome your weaknesses is a waste of time, according to Marcus Buckingham and Donald O. Clifton, Ph.D., of the Gallup Organization, and authors of the book NOW, DISCOVER YOUR STRENGTHS (Free Press, 2001).<br />&quot;Casting a critical eye on our weaknesses . . . will only help us prevent failure. It will not help us reach excellence,&quot; they write in their thought-provoking book, the follow-up to the outstanding and best-selling Gallup work, FIRST, BREAK ALL THE RULES (Simon &amp; Schuster, 1999).<br />Most organizations fail to achieve excellence, the authors contend, because they also fall into the &quot;overcome your weaknesses&quot; trap. Companies do a poor job of tapping the potential already present on their payroll because they try to make employees into something they're not-at the expense of exploiting individuals' innate talents.<br />Furthermore, Gallup researchers conclude that most of the energy, time, and money that organizations place on trying to hire, train, and develop well-rounded employees is wasted. \\"When we studied them, excellent performers were rarely well-rounded. On the contrary, they were sharp,\\" the authors quip.<br />Internet Connection.  To actually discover your strengths, you cannot rely on the book's pages. You must go online to complete an innovative web-based assessment that identifies your top five individual talent-strengths (and provides you with a brief custom report that you can print or email to someone, like your spouse or boss).<br />Oddly, if you like the assessment, you cannot purchase additional assessments for your staff, spouse, kids, or anyone else. For them to access the assessment, they must each buy another book.<br />Other Weaknesses.  The book encourages managers to review and become familiar with their direct reports' strength analyses (so as to manage to each individual uniquely). But the authors provide neither a mechanism nor a process to do this.<br />You are told to consult the book for suggestions on managing your employees who each embody unique mixes of some 34 different strengths. Dauntingly, the authors tell us there are \\"over thirty-three million possible combinations of the top five strengths.\\" A well-intending manager apparently has a lot of customizing to do. The book provides scant help for that.<br />Putting the Strengths concept to work more broadly in the organization is even more complex and overwhelming. Selecting and promoting people, as suggested in the book's \\"Practical Guide,\\" requires profiling at least 100 employees who are all working in the same job (50 top achievers and 50 clunkers). Then you build a database of statistically significant trait patterns. Then you buy every candidate a book, give them a web connection... Then you try to do pattern matching...<br />The so-called Practical Guide quickly appears all but practical to all but the largest operations.<br />Target: HR Folk.  The authors also take a swing at their firm's consulting customers-HR departments. They assail broad competency training efforts and write: \\"Many human resources departments have an inferiority complex. With the best of intentions they do everything they can to highlight the importance of people, but when sitting around the boardroom table, they suspect that they don't get the same respect as finance, marketing, or operations. In many instances they are right, but, unfortunately, in many instances they don't deserve to. Why? Because they don't have any data.\\"<br />Unfortunately, this book does NOT provide them with meaningful solutions for closing that gap (other than, presumably, hiring Gallup consultants for large scale projects).<br />My Motivation. Gallup's StrengthFinder report tells me that my top personal strengths include the Maximizer tendency-which compels me to \\"transform something strong into something superb.\\" And the Command strength--characterized as feeling \\"compelled to present the facts or the truth, no matter how unpleasant it may be.\\"<br />The truth is this: One can't help but think that the well-constructed concept advanced in this enlightening and occasionally entertaining book might have gone from strong to superb. But instead, it seems to have been rushed to market to quickly capitalize on the success of FIRST, BREAK ALL THE RULES. And that's too bad. Because this worthwhile book, as is true of many of the people it intends to help, has considerable strengths undermined by what are otherwise correctable weaknesses.may be.\\"<br />The truth is this: One can't help but think that the well-constructed concept advanced in this enlightening and occasionally entertaining book might have gone from strong to superb. But instead, it seems to have been rushed to market to quickly capitalize on the success of FIRST, BREAK ALL THE RULES. And that's too bad. Because this worthwhile book, as is true of many of the people it intends to help, has considerable strengths undermined by what are otherwise correctable weaknesses.
078401213X|1.0|If you've ever had friends in film school and enjoyed sitting through lots of questionable-quality student screenings, you'll be right at home with this one. By no means terrible, but certainly not professionally done in any sense. Plot, story development, acting, scripting, pacing -- everything is of amateur quality. Basic idea/story is interesting, and deserves better treatment.  &quot;Interesting&quot; cinematography is reminiscent of a typical film student going through the &quot;playing with creative new techniques&quot; phase, before she/he eventually learns what really works and what doesn't. I'd give it an A- as a student project, C- as a straight-to-video release (only the basic premise saves it from a big F).
B00004WG28|5.0|There isn't a whole lot I can say that everyone else hasn't already said. But I do recommend this movie to everyone. Forget about the King and I movie. This movie stands on it's own and I hardly think it fair to compare it with an earlier version of the story, seeing as how they are both loosely drawn from the stories of Anna. I don't know if they are true; but a girl can dream that such a man exist (although I would prefer he didn't have wives and concubines....)but I am straying from the point. The whole point of the story is that no matter how different two people are, there is always a way to communicate. Nowadays I simply can't find a decent love stories at Blockbuster, and what little they do have all seems so fake somehow. They all tend to focus more on the sexual matters. I prefer seductive glances, fighting converstations, and intensity from my characters than just a scene of them two in bed. Watch this movie. It is sad towards the end, yes, but if nothing else, you will have been left with lessons learned.
B000002TQV|5.0|I love this cd it is amazing. So much emotion. So much talent.
B00003CXN4|1.0|Ok, I work in a movie store so I get the chance to see alot of good and bad movies.  Some of my favorites include, American Beauty, Gladiator, Dogma, Animal House, American History X (just a sample).  So I feel that I have a good judgement over good films.  Well last night I checked out Traffic, with my manager and another co-worker.  I really disliked this movie.  With such and all-star cast delievering a less than mediocre performance, it reminded me of The Thin Red Line.  The camera work in it was really bad, with the exceptions of a few key angles and shots.  The camera's shakiness takes away from the key elements of the film.  And the sound on this movie was horrible.  For one, right when you do get interested in the film (about 1:30 into it) a car explosion is silenced with a slow-motion shot.  C'mon lemme here that thing explode.  And when a point comes in the movie to where one of our main characters is getting honored, they seemed not to have known what to write for him to say, and cut it out with a pleasant melody. If people in the movie industry have to resort to paying for actors instead of quality, I say give me no name actors who love the trait that they do.
B000002LBH|5.0|This is one of the best albums I own. I think this is one of the best albums of the 1980's. I have listened to this cd for 8 years. Three copies later I still love it.
B00003CXDG|3.0|mission impossible 2 is like the first, full of baffling twists, action packed scenes, hanging from cables, chicks, and most of all, masks. overall i think that mission impossible 1 is better because it is less predictable. however, 2 has better action thanks to the genius of John Woo. all of the action scenes are crisp and believeable except when in the motorcycle chase their tires change from street to dirt. i recomend this movie if you are bored.       <br />-tyler   (how's this wyborney?)
B00000GAIW|5.0|truly a must for every collection of classic 70's rock.  The band was at their peak and there isn't a bad track on this CD.  I'll never forget seeing Tull on this tour and opening up with MY GOD.  There is a reason you won't find this in a used CD bin, believe me.
B00004Z459|5.0|I got this Cd because I liked the song One Step Closer, and because there was only one left and usually thats a good sign. It was! This is such a great CD! There is only one song on the whole CD that I don't like. Usually I listen to 3 songs on a CD then change it, I always listen to this CD all the way through! If you like One Step Closer, but arn't sure about getting this CD, Don't worry about it, you'll love it! My personal favs are the first and last song, which actually sound nothing like One Step Closer. There is a good mix of music on this CD!
B000007MVX|5.0|This album wasn't universally popular among critics and even Tull fans when it first came out.  They were wrong, it's a classic that still sounds beautiful.  It takes more patience than most radio friendly albums do but it is well worth it.  It has a little bit of everything with Tull at it's best.  Some of it is silly and some of it is pretentious.  But the thought that went into the writing and performance of this masterpiece in unquestionable.  Listen to it when you have time to truly enjoy it.
B00003CXBK|3.0|This is a brilliantly produced, visually stunning animation production which is at the same time an unapologetic eco-fascist tree-hugging paen to the evils of technology and the supposed  purity and/or nobility of &quot;Nature&quot;.  The fact that so much technical virtuosity has gone into something like this reflects how completely we've, in our guilt about the supposed despoiling of nature, caved into the ideological agenda of the PC-police, eco-nazi division.  Disgusting message, a ranting diatribe against progress and a hymn to a neo-fascism of anti-technological neo-paganistic recidivism.  This stunning and no doubt important work is to eco-fascism what The Triumph of the Will is to Nazism.
B00004W5UA|1.0|Avoid this waste of tape and time at all cost.
0440234743|5.0|Tory Phelan has 3 ex-wives, 6 disagreeable children and 11 billion dollars.  In a surprise move, he jumps out of a 14th story window leaving his fortune to Rachel Lane, his illegitimate daughter no one even knew about.  His family has no idea at first what's in the will and already begins to spend the money on the day of his death.<br />Rachel is a missionary somewhere in the remote jungles of Brazil. It is up to Nate O'Reilly to find her. He has just been released from his 4th try at a rehab clinic.  His life is in shatters.  The IRS is after him, his children are estranged, he still wants to drink and he's very disillusioned with being a lawyer.<br />His trip to Brazil is a real eye-opening experience for him.  He learns the meaning of friendship, survival and sacrifice.  When he does find Rachel, another problem presents itself. When he goes back home, will he be able to hold on to the self-respect he is starting to gain when he's drawn back into court to protect her rights against an unlikeable family and unscrupulous lawyers?<br />Nate is a very sympathetic character and you will find yourself rooting for him on his voyage of self-discovery.
0684833395|5.0|This dark comedy of World War Two takes place on the small island of Pianosa, off the coast of Italy.  The main character, Yossarian, is an American bombardier, and like his squadron, spends much of his time either flying dangerous bombing runs over northern Italy, sleeping off his exuberances in Rome, or going on some hilarious comical escapade through which Heller is able to satirize the American military bureaucracy.<br />At first glance (or the first reading), this novel appears to be a random collection of character sketches, loosely arranged around Yossarian and containing only confusingly humorous conversational drivel.  But on the second reading, everything makes sense and it is possible to see how the comic absurdity changes from light and fun at the beginning into a dark and melancholy satire by the end of the novel.<br />Joseph Heller first published this novel in 1961, and since then the phrase &quot;Catch-22&quot; has entered into the English language as a &quot;paradoxical problem or situation.&quot;  In this book, Catch-22 is an obscure military regulation that allows for an illogical and absurd system to exist.<br />Completely illogical logic and embarrassingly simple complexity await the individual who undertakes the reading of this excellent novel, which has become both an amusing comedy and a pensive tragedy at the same time.<br />Bottom line? Catch-22 is an excellent book.
6304681011|5.0|I first saw &quot;Carnival of Souls&quot; in Sydney Australia in the mid sixties. It is a movie that I have never forgotten. There is something magical about the characters. They are all &quot;off beat&quot;, and the timing of the dialogue is just a half click off center. A true horror movie which has its basis in story, and which  uses the powers of sugestion and anticipation in order to create a feeling of disquiet in the viewer. Hilligoss and Berger are magnificent.
B000002KP3|4.0|I remember listening to this on my older brother's phonograph (that's right, those ancient appliances) and thinking how hip it was back in the mid seventies.  When they re-issued it, I knew I had to have it.<br />Its just innovation at its best.  The only one to come close to capturing Marc Bolan's sound in the last 25 years is probably Lenny Kravitz.  Songs like Get it On, Jeepster, Mambo Sun are so fun its creepy.<br />The sound quality on the remastered versions is excellent so you won't be disappointed.  Now if I could just find the old album cover somewhere...
B00004X01U|5.0|I own this CD,and it so good it has a rhythm that makes    you want to get up and dance and sing to.Madonnas at her best as usual.Each CD shes done has been greater, and greater,I mean this one  you have got to buy,you will love it.
B00005214X|5.0|Arguably, the best solo Beatle output -- along with Lennon's Plastic Ono Band, released a week earlier (this release was probably a cold slap in the face to McCartney back in 1970, who released his self-titled wuss-rock LP &quot;McCartney&quot; earlier in the year).  This re-release is worth every dollar.  The added  material is a welcomed bonus.   A `MUST HAVE' disc. For God's sake, just buy it, man.
B00004TVV1|5.0|It is a common practice for critics to say that this is not so great a record, as compared to other efforts of Pops and Duke. It takes only one hearing to see that this is nonsense. This record is above and beyond any criticism. It is the only recorded document of two of the founding fathers of Jazz playing together. I does not matter if the supporting musicians are not at their best. This record is simply beautiful. No one but Louis could sing &quot;Azalea&quot; so graciously. And there is some great blowing, too.
B00004XONN|1.0|I'm a solid Radiohead fan, and have bought all their albums to date.  But I'll be frank.  This album sucks.  It's all queazy instrumentals that any stoned college rock band could do.  I know the talent of this group, and they must have needed a quick album or something for this one -- I can't imagine them re-doing any single one of the songs on this album to perfect it -- it's all just abstract instrumentals.  I couldn't make out a single word in any song -- just mumblings.<br />If I ever have 3 phenomenal albums and am hard up for cash, I might, too, go into a studio, warm up for 90 min when I'm stoned, and call it a wrap.<br />
B000000W8C|5.0|While &quot;Urban Hymns&quot; is without a doubt The Verve'smasterpiece, I believe &quot;A Northern Soul&quot; is the heart of TheVerve. While recording &quot;A Northern Soul&quot; The band... hopingto achieve a greater, more powerful sound. The result was a chaoticstorm of sonic blasts of guitar and calm beautiful moments.<br />Thehighlights are: &quot;This Is Music&quot; a fast number with greatlyrics and set the mood for the album, definitely one of The Verve'sbest louder numbers. &quot;On Your Own&quot; and &quot;So ItGoes&quot; are the best songs on the album. &quot;On Your Own&quot; isa soft acoustic song(One of the only light moments on the album) and&quot;So It Goes&quot; has a lovely dreamy guitar effect.&quot;History&quot; a classic Verve single is a possible early hint of&quot;Urban Hymns&quot;, lush strings and of course great lyrics.&quot;Drive You Home&quot; also is another favorite of mine.<br />If youbuy another Verve album after &quot;Urban Hymns&quot;, then get&quot;A Northern Soul.&quot; It can be a little hard getting use tobut when you finally get use to it, you'll see its beauty. Life's AnOcean and &quot;A Northern Soul&quot; will fill the emptiness in yoursoul.
B00004Z459|4.0|An exciting debut from a promising young band. linkin park maybe late for the party but their sample-heavy and melodic brand of rap metal serves as a totally refreshing alternative to the sickening (c)rap metal played by limp bizkit. i'd say cut down on the excess balladry (crawling,in the end) and focus more on whole grains like papercut &amp; points of authority. there's a prevailing notion that rap metal will die out soon, following the paths of grunge and hair metal but with bands like these, i think we ought to let it stay for a little while.
B000002KCC|5.0|At some point in '95, I discovered Neil Young. I can see how I could have overlooked him for quite a while. His guitar playing is raw and his voice is best labeled as unique. Once you listen to enough of the stuff, it grows on you. This is allthemore true of &quot;Tonight's the Night.&quot; At first, I dismissed in in favor of such easier to access material (&quot;Harvest,&quot; &quot;Rust Never Sleeps,&quot; &quot;Freedom,&quot; etc.). One day, I took TTN into work and put it on loop. By the end of the day, it was my second favorite album.<br />So, my advise for this album is this:<br />Step 1: Listen<br />Step 2: If you don't like, repeat Step 1.
B00003CXP0|5.0|Given the sanitized version of drug use in the current trend &quot;Traffic&quot;, this film will enlighten anyone truly interested in seeing the dark side of drug use. Ellen Burstyn's superb portrayal of Sara Goldfarb demonstrates how easy it is to get pulled into the world of drugs. The pain of unfulfilled dreams is often remedied by the balm of the feel-good quick fix. This is a tough film, but well worth the effort.
B00004XONN|5.0|This is just a warning to anyone who does not have the patience to get to know a record. This is not an album full of pop hits. It is an album of experiments and new directions. It is an album that sends out a message to all the copycats (Muse, etc.) that Radiohead is something special, &quot;That is why you are copycats! Try and keep up!&quot;<br />Actually, I think it is just about a band having fun and trying something new. Radiohead obviously does not want to be pigeonholed, and they seem to have an abundance of creative energy. They are creating a new sound that we have not quite seen since maybe Led Zeppelin or rap. Yes, there is a lot here that takes from past musical landscapes, but, like rap, the mixture turns into something all its own. I would not be surprised if this type of music started to become more abundant and popular in the near future. Look for it.<br />This is a lovingly created rock opera, future music for space stations and science fiction soundtracks. They should put this CD on continuous rotation at NASA to inspire innovation and exploration. <br />If you are expecting a Radiohead album similar from the last three, you will not find it here. If you want a similar album, you will be disappointed. If you trust Radiohead to hold your hand while you jump blindly into the abyss, this album will catch you on your way down.<br />Pianos, electric guitars, acoustic guitars, synthesizers, saxophones squealing, an orchestra... Thom Yorke's moody voice echoing amidst soft rhythms and cathartic outbursts of noise. Changing patterns are the norm on this recording. It has the feel of a Van Gogh painting. You can hear them change their minds in the middle of the song &quot;maybe we should do this, no this. No, how about...?&quot; Yes, it is divinely chaotic and very un-pop, but I know the music lovers out there will soak it in like the first sunny day of Spring. Mmmmm, yeah. Feel the warmth on your face.<br />end - of - warning
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|What a complete and utter waste of time and money this was. I have seen some trashy films in my day, but this has got to be the most raunchy, filth laden movie I have ever seen. (I am literally embarrassed that I watched the entire thing.) Every actor that stood before the camera during the making of this movie wasted their talent with the exception of Shawn and Marlon Wayans. I single them out because they have no talent to waste. How long does Marlon Wayans have to play the same character over and over until he realizes it's just isn't funny? Even the always funny Sheri Oteri fails to give a solid comic performance. The idea of spoofing the &quot;Scream&quot; trilogy and &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer&quot; is a good one, but I wish a group of people with some talent would have gotten to it first. The fact that this film got released with an &quot;R&quot; rating is beyond me, and the fact the it did so well at the box office just boggles my mind. If you are looking for a good spoof, stick with movies like &quot;Airplane!&quot; and another Wayans collaboration &quot;I'm Gonna Git You Sucka!&quot;.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|When I saw &quot;Evil Dead&quot;, I was like, &quot;That was a hell of a movie.&quot; It has got everything, blood,guts,gore,horror,comedy.  If you like late 70's and early 80's horror movies, this is the one for ya.<br />BRANDON2050
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Yes, I know that there are many fans (like me) that already own most, if not all of the songs on various cds or albums.  However, it is so nice to have all of the greatest Beatles songs together on one cd!  I don't have to take ten cds with me just to hear some of my faves, I just have to take one cd.  It's much more convinient.  This cd compiles the most well-known US releases and also the UK releases that not many &quot;radio&quot; fans might have heard, such as &quot;Come Together&quot; and &quot;The Ballad of John and Yoko.&quot;  Given all of the wonderful songs on this album, Beatles 1 is a must have for all beatles fans, new or not.
6305696071|4.0|This film catapulted Julia Roberts to superstardom and with good reason.  The film itself is a light but entertaining romantic comedy about a wealthy and unemotional corporate raider (Richard Gere) and a flamboyant hooker (Julia Roberts).  The story isn't that original, being a variation on the \\"love on the wrong side of the tracks\\" theme.  However, it is full of charming and funny moments and Roberts' audacious effervescence is the perfect contrast to Gere's impassive macho persona.  The film had enormous popular appeal and surprised everyone, grossing $178 million in the U.S. and $463 million worldwide, establishing Roberts as one of the most bankable stars in a generation.<br />At only 21, Roberts was a fresh talent with sexy girl-next-door looks who showed she could light up the screen with her acting.  With the guidance of veteran sitcom director Garry Marshall (\\"The Odd Couple\\", \\"Happy Days\\", \\"Mork and Mindy\\", \\"Murphy Brown\\"), she was transformed from a tall and pretty model type into a delightful romantic figure with an extraordinary sense of comic timing who earned a best actress nomination for her performance.<br />The new DVD includes a good deal of footage that was left out of the theatrical release, and the commentary by Garry Marshall is rich in interesting trivia about the production.  For instance, he tells how Julia Roberts was so nervous about her first nude scene with Richard Gere that she broke out in hives, and they spent the entire day applying calamine lotion and makeup all over her to hide the blotches.  Also, the now famous scene where Gere snaps the lid of the jewelry case on her fingers was not intended to be in the film.  Marshall instigated a prank because Julia was dragging and he wanted to wake her up.  So, he told Gere to impishly snap the lid when she went to touch the necklace, and her reaction was so delightful that they kept it.<br />This is a fun film that is worth seeing again now that it has been released on DVD.  I rated it an8/10.  Though it is ridiculously implausible, it is enchanting and amusing throughout.  It is also an excellent look at Julia Roberts' early work, when she only earned $300,000 rather than $20 Million per film.
630587493X|2.0|Very long.  Very boring.  This movie did not hold my attention very long.  I made it about 1.5 hours through and realized that you were basically watching the same story being repeated over several generations in the same family.  The whole &quot;freedom&quot; and &quot;declaration of humanity&quot; themes just didn't save it.  It's very difficult to portray the life of a single character spanning 200 years, and &quot;Bicentennial Man&quot; didn't pull it off.<br />The biggest problem is that the life of &quot;Andrew&quot; is portrayed so quickly, moving through time like the years are broken blades of grass, it's impossible to make a connection with the character.  Once you think you may be connecting with him and feeling what he feels, BAM, the movie just skipped 16 years, and you're left with, &quot;Hey, wait a minute, I was just getting into that period.&quot;<br />Robin Williams and the special effects guys did a fantastic job.  Other than that, it's just plain dumb.
B00005214X|4.0|First off: The remastered sound is wonderful. Second: The packaging: (a unique little cardboard box, with a nice booklet) is a giant leap forward from the previous C.D. release. It contains some good photos from the original LP version, along with a more recent shot of George. The liner notes are a little too short and sweet, and lack any details into the bonus tracks. As for the bonus tracks: They are, for the most part a welcome addition to the album as a whole. In particular: &quot;Beware of Darkness&quot; on disc one, is a lovely acoustic working that may be better than the full blown version. The same can't be said of the 2000 version of &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot;. This version lacks &quot;everything&quot; that made the original so good. Here is an example of that old saying: &quot;You can never go home again&quot;. This is my only real complaint though. The sound of the remastering is so far superior to the previous C.D. release that one poor remake is no excuse not to buy this box. By far George's best solo effort to date. The songs sound as fresh as they did 30 years ago. A must for any fan, and a great introduction to anyome interested in &quot;post&quot; Beatles' music.
B000001FFJ|5.0|Tom Waits wasn't the first musician I loved, but he was the first for whom I felt real passion. Before him meandered a mediocre array of pop stars and one hit wonders; it would not be stretching the truth to say Waits was the first extraordinarily talented musician who got my attention.<br />I love his early stuff, Closing Time, Heart of Saturday Night, and the like - heck, it was the first stuff I was exposed to - but it was Rain Dogs which really made me realise this was MY musik! I was fourteen.<br />It's the Waits-style introduced on Swordfish Trombones, expanded on in Frank's Wild Years, and finally perfected on Rain Dogs. There isn't a person I wouldn't recommend this album to (thinking about it, I imagine there would be people who wouldn't like it, but it's difficult to conceive!)  It mixes the best of his early style with exciting experimentation, his amazing lyrics, and that incomparable voice. The irrisistable mood conjured up on Rain Dogs - one of underworld darkness, unrequited love, rolling good times and uncertain lives - is unmatched among male artists since 1985.<br />Favourite on this album are the title track,Singapore, Cemetary Polka, Tango Till They're Sore, Diamonds and Gold, Downtown Train and Anywhere I Lay My Head. But all are classic. Waits is a talent rarely seen, especially in the last 30 years. It's a shame that his refusal to conform has resulted in his being virtually unknown in the popular musik scene today, but it also makes his work all the more precious.<br />While there isn't a Waits album yet I haven't loved for it's own unique and beautiful charactertistics, Rain Dogs is my absolute favourite, and is, I believe, his best. Please, if you only ever listen to one Waits in your life - make it this album.
0440180295|5.0|Book Description Billy Pilgrim's life was normal until he started finding himself in strange places. He had a wife and two kids and life was good. Billy had started writing a book about Dresden, Germany, where he had once been held captured by Nazis soldiers in World War II. At times Billy finds himself back in Germany fighting the war. But these flashbacks are more realistic and it almost seems as if he is re-living them all over again. Follow Billy on his wild adventure through time, as he goes back to his childhood, war days, and even his alien abduction. <br />Review Slaughter House -Five tells a tale of a man trying to regain a grip on reality and ultimately his life. The books transitions are choppy and hard to follow because the author jumps from one stage to another. But the choppiness represents a broader vision on modern life. People are quick to jump from one life to another. At work a person may be a totally different identity than what they really are.   The sudden surprises that the book has, is also similar to the sudden surprises we face every day. The reader has to adjust their mind frames from one situation to another.   The humor in the book lightens up the mood and allows the reader to appreciate the sadness. After all is said done, the Billy Pilgrim finds himself beginning his life after war. Almost as if he was given a second chance to do better. A second chance that we would all wish to have.
B000002UA2|4.0|I think that this is the most overlooked album in the Floyd catalouge. Stylistically this album is the prelude to &quot;The Dark Side Of The Moon&quot; and &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot;.  While keeping their progressive roots intact, this is the album that marks the beginning of the band's mastery of a more conscise style of songwriting.  By far the standout track on this CD is the very catchy, rocking Beatles-meets-Dave Clark Five rave up &quot;Free Four&quot;, a song about both the rock star experience and the the death of Roger Waters' father in WW II, two subjects that would later form the idea for &quot;The Wall&quot;.  Other standouts are the fuzzy-guitar driven rocker &quot;The Gold Its In The...&quot;, the heavy-grooved &quot;Childhood's End&quot; and &quot;Mudmen&quot;, a killer Gilmour instrumental.  Also two really good ballads (not in a lame sense) are thrown into the mix, &quot;Wots...Uh The Deal&quot; and &quot;Stay&quot;. If you are looking for some really good Floyd material beyond &quot;Dark Side&quot;, &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; or &quot;The Wall&quot;, give this album a listen.
0767824571|5.0|I've only seen this movie once on TV, but the DVD can only be better. Definitely one of the funniest films I've ever seen, up there with South Park: Bigger, Longer And Uncut and Galaxy Quest.<br />There are just too many funny scenes to describe, many of which have passed into legend along with such catchphrases as 'Run away!' and 'We are the knights who say....Ni!'<br />Basically, this movie jabs the Arthurian legend, heroic knight movies and movies in general in the eye with a sharp herring (sorry, reference to the film there). Bits where references are made to the film's construction are made are among the funniest moments, e.g.: &quot;'It's the old man from scene 24!'&quot; and 'Fortunately, at that moment the animator suffered a fatal heart attack.' Unlike the other Python film I've seen, The Meaning Of Life, pretty much every single sketch is howlingly funny.<br />Special mention must go to the point where the modern historian comments on the action, then gets summarily hacked down by a passing knight. The only problem with this scene is that it sets in motion a sort of plotline which results in the rather sudden and (to me) disappointing ending, which was funny, but I would have rather liked to see the main Quest plot carried to its conclusion.
0375500901|3.0|The Kill Artist is a mixed bag that is worth a look, at least as a paperback, depending on the reader's patience.  This is the fourth Silva novel I've read.  He continues to portray colorful settings and develop rich/complex characters.  I also enjoy the links he established between the four books.  Over time I forsee the 'six degrees of Daniel Silva.'  While his plot twists leave nothing for granted, you must wait a very long time between key movements in the story.  I found it disturbing and put the book down a few days.  The main character restores artwork with extraordinary patience.  As reader of this yarn, you need to have the same trait.
B000002J09|5.0|One of the best aspects of 'Almost Famous,' Cameron Crowe's ode to 1970s rock and roll, was how it showed how great music gets passed from generation to generation, from older siblings to younger.  So it was with 'Led Zeppelin 4' for me. I remember the older kids who sat in the back of the bus listening to it, and I can still recall the kick I felt hearing 'Black Dog' for the first time.  Having grown up listening to the album, I can assure you that the remastered CD sounds just as good, and you will not be able to resist the temptation to push the volume higher.  So often this album is heralded at the band magnum opus of hard rock, but it really shows the band's incredible mastery of Celtic folk and blues as well.  And while the Tolkien references in 'Battle of Evermore' are somewhat dated, the ringing of the guitars and mandolin blend magestically with Plant's soaring voice, making you feel as though you are in some pre-Christian, paganistic universe.  Rarely has a record succeeded in so many ways and endured through so many generations.  Is there any other album that sounds like this? No way, no how.  'Led Zeppelin 4' is rock and roll's Mt. Olympus, its once and future king.
0140187537|5.0|The Winter of Our Discontent showcases John Steinbeck's trademark understanding of human nature in a unique East Coast venue.  My reading of this book was particularly well-timed; I was completing my education and job hunting.  Ethan made me realize that the quest for money, power, and prestige is dangerous when it involves the sacrificing of one's happiness, morals, and values.  This book is all about the danger posed by our society's defining success by monetary achievement.  Human nature is funny: it is just when we achieve happiness and stability that we find something else to covet -- the endless cycle that makes so many unhappy when they reach their life's end.
B00004XONN|4.0|OK Computer, Radiohead's last CD, was in my mind one of the best CD's of the 90's.  Radiohead has set another precedent with Kid A, a well rounded and thoroughly inspiring CD.  the tracks on this release are distinctive, yet the album still maintains a cohesiveness that is subtle but evident.  the minimal use of guitars and incorporation of Moog like synths, horns and other instruments shows the originality of this group as well as their multi-instrumental talents.  some tracks remind me of Darkk Bros. in their experimentation of grooves balanced with chaos...my compliments to the band.  if you are a musician you'll have a particular interest in this CD.  thumbs up!
B000002GXJ|5.0|I am writing again about Eagles Live in reference to the 1999 Ted Jensen remastered release. My original Eagles Live discs are played out by scratches, so last week I got the only available release-- the one remastered in 1999. I was pleased with the results of remixing, such as the whole first cd not fading out at all in between songs! Nonetheless, I found two bad places in the mix that are mastering defects. I asked people on alt.music.eagles to listen at certain points as well and they all heard the flaws. There is a blip at the end of  &quot;New Kid In Town,&quot; right around 4:54. Another bad glitch occurs right as Glenn starts talking before &quot;Seven Bridges Road&quot; on the second disc. How could these have been overlooked???  I was also disappointed to see that the album is split into two cds again. The entire album could have fit on one cd, lowering the cost of the album. The cd booklet and album covers are identical to the original 1989 release with the exception of including the month and date of remastering. These flaws are so nasty they need to do a recall or something! Don't let it hinder you from buying this album-- the performances are fantastic. And for a little piece of trivia, the tapes used for Eagles Live were shipped back and forth between Miami and L.A. studios because Glenn wanted to work on his parts away from the rest of the guys in FL with Bill Szymzyck. According to Bill  Szymzyck, all of Henley's vocals are from the actual shows--no studio overdubs because of drum mic leakage. Most of the overdubbing involved 3 part harmonies and guitar parts. Hopefully the mastering flaws will be fixed so you can enjoy this album in its entirety...
B00004TRD8|5.0|The disc is full of material. If you are a Terminator fun this DVD is a \\"must\\". ...I received a 1-disc version, this is the first one double-sided & double-density disk I owe. The disk Menu looks very nice, giving the viewer \\"this\\" special feeling before he watches the movie. The picture quality is fantastic ! The sound quality is just amazing, especially when listening on good \\"hardware\\". My 6.1ch Yamaha (DSP-AX2) plays all tracks with speed and details like any other DVD movie before. Sometimes I feel a lack of sounds from \\"surround channels\\", but it's rare. Included extras like THX EX test and fantastic THX logo shot, where you can hear Arnold reloading his \\"Winchester\\" right in the \\"rear-center\\" channel, gives the idea how DD-EX or DTS-ES should work. There are 3 versions of movie included on DVD disc. But watch out! The third version called \\"extended special edition\\" is accessible only when entering valid code from your remote control. Well, this is a great example of so called \\"Easter-egg\\" that I love and enjoy every time I play DVD disc. It's a real Ultimate Experience.
0553212737|5.0|At age 13, I found the language challenging, but today at 17 I find it delightful.  Nothing agrees with me more than rereading my now favorite book.  Though the language is challenging for a young or first time Jane Austin reader it is well worth wading through the odd words and strange grammer to see into the heart of the story.  <br />The story touches so close to my heart it is a pleasure to read and dream of that someday romance with me in the place of any one of Austin's ladies.  Now if I can find a man as gentlemanly, handsome and kind as Mr. Kingley.
B000056VIY|5.0|this cd is awesome. i'm really glad J.Lo came out with a second cd it is just as good as the first or better. so far the best song is still &quot;love don't cost a thing&quot; she is a very talented person with acting, dancing, and singing. go J.Lo.
0812548094|4.0|First of all I have to admit that this book gets dangerously close to the Wheel of Time Series by Robert Jordan.  If you haven't read them, I highly recommend doing so before you read this series.  Books 7 &amp; 8 are a little slow, but be patient it gets better.  Story plots in Goodkinds books are in some ways the same, some of the character types show some similarities, and some of the objects closely match things in the Wheel of Time.  The way the magic is expressed in this book makes you think of the One Power in Wheel of Time.  In fact I think he even mentions &quot;weaving&quot; a spell.<br />     Even after that, I thought the character development in the book was very good.  At times you can really sympathize with the characters.  Goodkind is also good at making the reader picture the scenes or the actions that are currently happening.  The books are remarkebly fast paced.  Things begin to happen in the first chapter and every chapter has an event that keeps the book going.  Alot of people complain about the sexually oriented scenes.  Lets face it, if anyone knows any history times were like that and Goodkind is just portraying it in his writing. These are books for adults.  Even though the book has alot of elements that aren't original, Goodkind takes those ideas and twists them for his own use.  The first book to the series is much like this one.  I highly recommend both.
B000002KAT|5.0|There are few albums that are of the quality and consistency of Astral Weeks. This recording funcitons so well as an album that I find myself just sitting and listening to it through. Astral Weeks is unquestionably Van Morrison's masterpiece, better than anything he recorded early in his career, and far from any camparison to the banal formuliac garbage he has recorded from the late seventies on (yes, there are a few exceptions). The album is a subtle blend of folk, jazz, classical, and pop that grows with each consecutive listen. Each song is brilliant in and of itself. &quot;Sweet Thing&quot; is one of the most beautiful love songs ever written, and &quot;Slim Slow Slider&quot; one of the saddest. When I first purchased this album (on a whim), I was immediately taken with the music, and listened the album at least once through each day for almost a year. Six years later, it still maintains my attention. I would rank this album among the likes of Nick Drake's Pink Moon, Coltrane's A Love Supreme, Exile on Main St., and Dylan's Blood on the Tracks. It is that good, if not better.
0684833395|4.0|Catch-22 by Joseph Heller (461 pages)<br />Book: Description and Review:  In short \\"Catch-22\\" is a humorous look at the lives of the soldiers in World War II.  It is more than that, however.  This novel depicts a life of impartiality, pain and boredom.  The war is out side, and inside, but the men have their own ways of putting the horrific details and coping with the loss aside to live.  Through the eyes of many different people the war and those involved are explored from many different points of view.  This technique that Heller uses gives the reader a look at look at their lives and the way they are lived from every possible perspective.  In a personal opinion the narration resembles a Faulkner story.  Through the incessant ranting and frivelous ravings a mind and a story emerge. The \\"average Joe\\" is given his 15 minutes to shine with every turn of the page.  This novel is recommended to those who not only enjoy war stories, but a good laugh as well.  Heller's source of inspiration (W.W.II) is an admirable source.  He found a quirky humor from the tragic war of the 1940s.
B000002MUN|5.0|I have always loved Tom Petty, but to have an album where ALL the songs are good is hard to find.<br />It starts off with the uplifting, and beautiful acoustic song &quot;Wildflowers,&quot; that just gives a really optimistic view of things.I personally like all the songs on the album, the only  really significantly great songs on here would be &quot;Don't Don't Know How It Feels&quot; &quot;Time to Move on&quot; &quot;Wreck Me&quot;, &quot;Honey Bee,&quot; &quot;Hard On Me&quot;,&quot;To Find a Friend&quot;, &quot;A Higher Place&quot; and the last song &quot;Wake Up Time&quot; a wise song about your dreams, goals, your past and love. Cause it's wake up time, it's time to open your eyes and rise and shine. Tom Petty, the rock genius, is still going strong and this album shows that.
B00000634J|4.0|Actually, this is probably the CD with the best collection of Lennon (the solo artist) tracks available.  It contains &quot;Instant Karma&quot;, &quot;Cold Turkey,&quot; &quot;Working Class Hero,&quot; &quot;Mother,&quot; &quot;#9 Dream,&quot; &quot;Imagine,&quot; &quot;Jealous Guy,&quot; &quot;Watching the Wheels,&quot; etc.  All it's missing is &quot;New York City,&quot; &quot;Gimme Some Truth,&quot; and &quot;God.&quot;  But what makes me sad is the realization that John, like George Harrison and maybe even Paul, wrote and recorded all their best work while still a Beatle. Therefore, I'm hoping some record company producer can put together a CD named &quot;Lennon Legend (the Beatle.)&quot;  Let me help picking the tracks:  Side 1 ~~ RocknRoll Music, I'm a Loser, I Feel Fine, In My Life, Ticket to Ride, You've Got to Hide Your Love Away, Help, Girl, Nowhere Man, Norwegian Wood, Rain.   Side 2 ~~ Tomorrow Never Knows, Strawberry Fields Forever, Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds, A Day in the Life, I Am the Walrus, Across the Universe, Happiness is a Warm Gun, I'm so Tired, Revolution, Don't Let me Down, Come Together.  Kind of blows you away, doesn't it??
0451169514|5.0|I read this book when I was in college, probably around 1988.  Although I have read numerous books since, by many authors (Grisham, DeMille, Patterson, Cornwell, Clancy) and on various subjects, nothing has topped this masterpiece.  Few books stay with you like this one.  Not just because of the horror, but because of King's ability to make you feel like you are part of the group of seven main characters.  His detail is so astounding, you catch yourself wondering about these people as if they are real.  Normally, in a book with in excess of 1000 pages, you would expect some flat spots, but this book keeps you turning the pages all the way to the end.  I wasn't totally thrilled with the description of the creature at the end of the book, but in King's defense, in many of his books his writing is so brilliant, that no ending/villain/creature could possibly live up to the expectations created by the story.  I plan to read it again soon.  A comment on the TV miniseries:  Although it was entertaining, it does NOT do this book justice.  I would recommend this book to anybody...even those readers who are not fans of the horror genre.
B000002UAO|5.0|Great CD, everything they say is true, it was a turning point for the band.  But as a 12-year old in 1965, I remember the original vinyl album distinctly. &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot; and &quot;Girl&quot; were and are great tracks, but where the hell is Paul's brilliant &quot;I've Just Seen a Face,&quot; (2nd track on side 1 as I recall), and John's wonderful &quot;It's Only Love,&quot; (1st track on side 2) which went &quot;I get high when I see you go by....&quot; You don't own RUBBER SOUL unless you have those 2 tracks.  Why do they butcher these pre-1967 album/CDs???  How do you go about getting those tracks on CD today?
B000056VIY|5.0|JENIFER'S LOPEZ SECOND RECORDING HAD PROVEN THAT SHE DOES NOT ONLY KNOWS HOW TO SING BUT ALSO COMPOSE. WITH THIS SECOND ALBUM SHE HAD SHOWN THE PUBLIC THAT WITH DEDICATION , LOVE AND HARD WORK ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE. HER FIRST SINGLE 'LOVE DON'T COST A THING' HAD CAUGHT THE ATTENTION OF MANY COUNTRIES PUTTING THE SINGLE ON TOP OF THE CHART, AND ALSO GETTING A NOMINATION FOR THE GRAMMYS. THESE CD IS A MUST BUY FOR ANYONE OUTHERE WHO ENJOYS GOOD MUSIC.
B000002UCN|2.0|One of the best obscure tracks George Harrison ever recorded was &quot;Deep Blue,&quot; the B-side to the &quot;Bangla Desh&quot; single.  A great little song, but try finding it anywhere today on CD !!!  And yet it is truly one of George's best. Also, since George's solo career was very short (1970 - 1982 really), an updated CD should be released with &quot;Deep Blue,&quot; &quot;All Those Years Ago,&quot; &quot;Crackerbox Palace,&quot; and maybe one of the chants from &quot;Chant &amp; Be Happy.&quot;
0553565915|5.0|I lost my mother many years ago, and for a long time I couldn't get her out of my mind.  After reading this book I found peace in my heart knowing that she was in a wonderful place. She continues to watch over me.  Betty Eadie's experiences and vivid details were so inspiring it's hard to explain.  At times I wish I could have been in her place. While there are still many questions about after life this book leaves you with less. Whether others think that it is all fictional, I believe that this life does exist after we have left this temporary life we're in now. Her return back to earth was HIS way of spreading his message to others.
B000056VIY|2.0|J Lo? What's up with that?  All of her music sounds the same.  I guess that's a good thing if you're a fan (which I'm not).  She lacks good vocals and depends on a beat to get through a song.  You'll like this ONLY if you're a BIG fan.
B000002KDI|5.0|Neil Young has the ability to re-invent himself, and then switch back and forth between styles without missing a beat. Whether it's 60's folk/rock, hard rock, or even country (yes he did dabble a little here) he is the master of all he performs. This set, recorded in 1979, and following the huge success of &quot;Rust Never Sleeps&quot;, we find Young at his best. Starting off with an acoustical set featuring some of his best 70's folk music, Young has command of the stage. All 5 acoustic songs included here are Neil Young Classics. However the best grouping of songs are the last 3. &quot;Like a Hurricane&quot;, &quot;Hey, Hey, My, My&quot;, and &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot; (with great harmonies from Crazy Horse) are by far some of the best live rock ever recorded. Whether you're a Neil Young fan or not, if you love live rock n' roll shows then I would highly recommend this CD.
B00003Q43A|1.0|I was really psyched to see this movie, and came out very dissappointed.  I know, some people like to watch special effects, but when they're buried in a foolish plot, they are wasted.  If it wasn't for the special effects, this looks like something Ed Wood would do!  From the aliens use of an egg timer to coordinate their attack, to the computer virus, to the easy way to destroy the ships, this movie just keeps dissapointing!
B000002TQV|5.0|This album amazes me on so many levels. I've never heard an album that offers so much to so many different types of listeners. <br />The songwriting is superb. They aren't *too* experimental on this album and the songs, though not &quot;hits,&quot; are well-crafted. The production is trademark Radiohead. They continually use dissonance to elicit the highest degrees of emotion in the listener. Lastly, the performances, most notably Thom York, are passion-filled. His unbridled vocal style is not better represented on any Radiohead album.<br />In our generation, they don't come much better than this.
0553106635|3.0|THE GOOD:<br />Martin is a writer par excellence.  I know many people are annoyed with his multiple-POV device, but it is a very difficult device to pull off convincingly, and Martin does it brilliantly.  I know Martin has expressed frustration over writing from so many kid POVs, but that doesn't mean he doesn't do it well.  Arya and Bran (about 10 and 8, respectively) have thoughts that are so completely TRUE to little kids who want to be strong in the face of danger, it boggles the mind.  All in all, Martin weaves the POVs together so well the ultimate effect is similar to a mosaic.  Even Faulkner did not do it this well.<br />Martin's description is the perfect balance between vivid and efficient.  His description of a rain-soaked godswood, an isolated salt-encrusted rock in the ocean, and a dreary little keep on the Fingers was so perfect I could smell the air, yet so sparse the story kept right on flowing without missing a beat.  This contrasts nicely with Robert Jordan, who is too wordy, and David Eddings, whose landscapes seem like cardboard.<br />Martin knows how to write a chapter.  They are like movements of a Brahms symphony -- they start simply, but are quite meaty, and best of all, end with a spicy coda that caps the action and makes you rabid for more.  He knows how to end well.  For example, in one scene, a character with incomparable loyalty has been a castaway at sea for some time, and is practically delirious, but is rescued by someone who asks which side of the conflict he is on -- he's not sure what to say -- and then what a payoff of a last line -- &quot;Stannis!  Gods be good, I serve Stannis.&quot;  What's remarkable most of the chapters in this book end more pungently than this one, often with a great cliffhanger.<br />Martin is a true artist when it comes to characters, both major and minor.  Dialogue, both spoken and internal, is so unfailingly true to a wide variety of humanity, yet so particular that you could pick out characters' remarks even if he didn't name them, that you know Martin is a Grade A student of human nature.  Readers connect with his characters because they are so human, and so you can find yourself on an emotional roller coaster ride when Martin takes you inside someone's head!<br />For example: Catelyn is a GREAT character but also one that VEXES the reader, and for the SAME reason:  She thinks she's a good judge of character, and she mostly is, but she can also be dead WRONG too and cause some trouble.  Here's where Martin gets you with something else he does well, irony.  When the host passes through the Whispering Wood, Catelyn thinks, &quot;And Theon Greyjoy fought at Robb's side, and boasted of how he had almost crossed swords with the Kingslayer.  Would that he had.  If Theon had died in place of Lord Karstark's sons, how much ill would have been undone?&quot;  True, she has an excellent point!  But also.... one has to think .... HAH!  If you never had captured Tyrion or let Jaime go, how much ill would have been undone!<br />At one point in the book, Tyrion talks to Ser Kevan, and Ser Kevan gives a very robust account of Tywin Lannister and his hard work through the years -- that was kind of neat.  Got to love Martin's characters -- there's something about them, even minor ones like Ser Kevan Lannister, that make them feel real.<br />THE BAD:<br />I stopped reading about 80% of the way through, and then just skimmed the rest.  Why?<br />Because Martin's content is both too explicit and too harsh.  Granted, the first book in the series had explicit content.  The first one made me uncomfortable, and the second even more so, but enough is enough.  I believe that it could be demonstrated that this content has only increased with each volume.  I took markers that wouldn't seep through and marked my copies, and eventually gave or threw them away.<br />There are subtle ways to write about sex in books.  There are also direct ways of conveying relevant information that avoids titillating detail -- read the Books of Genesis or Judges or Samuel in the Bible and you will soon see what I'm talking about.  Martin is neither subtle nor 'just the facts'.  Instead, he conjurs detailed, sensate pictures that make the reader feel immodest and embarrassed, and/or titillated. Some, though, are violent or otherwise deeply disturbing.  Incest is wrong -- I don't want to see it.  Don't get me wrong, he has a right to publish whatever he wants, but it is not helpful to read and dwell on brutal things.  I wish I could scour some scenes from my mind.<br />Many will defend Martin's world at this point in one of two ways: (1) as a dark vision, and/or (2) true to what the 'Dark Ages' were really like.  This is realistic fantasy, they say.<br />I would ask this, then: where are the saints?  OK, Davos and Eddard yearn to act justly and truly.  But where is the longing for the transcendent?  Where is the deeply spiritual soul in these books?  Where is the love for fellow man, and compassion, that is often associated with this?  There is familial love, true.  But we know in real life that there is more than just love for family.  There were hypocrites in the Dark Ages, but there were altruistic souls, too.  But no one in Martin's series experiences or does what Saint Teresa talked about or felt or did.<br />Fantasy as a genre touches upon our sense of wonder, and beauty.  But I believe Martin has &quot;painted himself into a corner&quot; so to speak, because how can he now inspire us with wonderful pictures of hope, beauty, joy, and altruism that Tolkien did?lating detail -- read the Books of Genesis or Judges or Samuel in the Bible and you will soon see what I'm talking about.  Martin is neither subtle nor 'just the facts'.  Instead, he conjurs detailed, sensate pictures that make the reader feel immodest and embarrassed, and/or titillated. Some, though, are violent or otherwise deeply disturbing.  Incest is wrong -- I don't want to see it.  Don't get me wrong, he has a right to publish whatever he wants, but it is not helpful to read and dwell on brutal things.  I wish I could scour some scenes from my mind.<br />Many will defend Martin's world at this point in one of two ways: (1) as a dark vision, and/or (2) true to what the 'Dark Ages' were really like.  This is realistic fantasy, they say.<br />I would ask this, then: where are the saints?  OK, Davos and Eddard yearn to act justly and truly.  But where is the longing for the transcendent?  Where is the deeply spiritual soul in these books?  Where is the love for fellow man, and compassion, that is often associated with this?  There is familial love, true.  But we know in real life that there is more than just love for family.  There were hypocrites in the Dark Ages, but there were altruistic souls, too.  But no one in Martin's series experiences or does what Saint Teresa talked about or felt or did.<br />Fantasy as a genre touches upon our sense of wonder, and beauty.  But I believe Martin has &quot;painted himself into a corner&quot; so to speak, because how can he now inspire us with wonderful pictures of hope, beauty, joy, and altruism that Tolkien did?
B000056PAO|5.0|Though essentially the same as the US release, the Austrailian re-release is well worth getting if not just for the VCD. It contains the videos that came from the singles of the album, plus a special video of Generator, a live performance dubbed and put in sync with the studio version of the song. The audio CD is acompanied with an additional song, Fraternity, that was originally released as a b-side on the Generator single. If you are a major Foo fan, this is a must-have.
B00000DFMN|5.0|I first heard &quot;Moments in Love&quot; on the radio a few years ago and fell instantly in love with this song.  I could never catch the title of this song and didn't know who the artist was. Last year sometime I heard it on the radio and called in to the radio station to get the name.  No one seem to have it in stock.  Then a friend came across a tape and delivered it to me.  This has to be one of the most amazing love songs ever written.  There are other tunes on the album that are interesting.  I used to dance to &quot;Beat Box&quot; in high school.  So that definitely brings back memories.  However &quot;Moments in Love&quot; brings a certain intensity and magic to a mood.  If you are looking for a mystical evening with pure goose bumps galore than I definitely would suggest this album even just for this beautiful love song.
B00000K3D4|5.0|How did I like Labyrinth?  No question -- I loved it!  This film is spectacular, as well as humorous and uplifting.  Puppeteering is fabulous, with different and incredible designs.  The music is wonderful, and fits perfectly into the story...which is awesome also.  A brilliant plot, with excellent lines.  Labyrinth has definitley become one of my favorite movies!
B00000K2VZ|4.0|I had the vinyl of this recording when it first came out. The mystique and tragic death of J.J. was all part of the listening experience. I was not sure it would stand up to the test of time. Recently, I could not get her version of  Me and Bobby Mcgee out of my head and so purchased the cd, with 4 bonus live cuts. They are not really necessary, but Try is nice to have. Janis Joplin could sing, but some times her histrionics left unchecked got on your nerves. That is why Cry Baby has limited appeal for me. But listen to A woman left Lonely, Me and Bobby Mcgee, My Baby, Trust in me, Get it While and you can see what an emotive and sensitive singer she could be. This really is a case where her last recording was her best and not just a hastily packaged deal to cash in on her celebrity. The band is tight, and the soulful, bluesy songs suit her style.
B00003CWTI|1.0|Paul Thomas Anderson goes way beyond his limits with this convoluted, rip-off of other ensemble pieces.  I credit the story as a shadowy reflection of Altman's Short Cuts.  As a huge fan of Hard Eight and Boogie Nights, I couldn't believe such a talented directed wrote and directed such a piece of trash.  I didn't even think it was the same director.  Each of the characters is equally worthless, and when redemption is found we wonder -- who really cares?  None of the characters are interesting or even sympathetic.  The story starts out promising; we learn that chance and happenstance seem to occur everyday to mold our lives, but then the movie asks us, &quot;Is such really the case?&quot;  As far as I can tell -- there doesn't seem to be any determination by PTA to answer that question.  If the message is: People are horrible and use a lot foul language -- then I guess there can be an argument made.  PTA seems to have done a 180 degree turn from the edgy and provocative storytelling that earned him his name.  Two hours of this movie could have ended up on the cutting-room floor, and no difference would have been made as far as I can tell.  It's simply 3 hours of self-absorbed trash...
B0000046W9|5.0|I've had a copy of this wonderful collection in my possesion in one form or another for the last thirteen years. Once I finally threw out the tattered cassettes, I moved on to this four CD set. I can't praise it enough.   It's not just the well known favorites like Girl From Ipanema or Desafinado, but the whole anthology. From the quiet tones of Corcovado to Stan's incredile blowing on So Danco Samba, there's something great on nearly every track.   I'm only 31 and I've introduced this CD to the boom box on many occasions around my friends more accustomed to Pearl Jam or old Ozzy and the reaction has always been the same; &quot;Is this elevator music?&quot; But soon they hear the same passionate soul that nearly knocked the Beatles off the top of the charts in the mid '60s (read Phil Schaap's liner notes!) and realize that there's something special here and begin to really enjoy it.   It's a warm Summer barbecue or any time you need to kick up your feet after a hard day at work with a cold drink. This is something with which to either complete or begin your samba collection.
B00004XQ83|5.0|I like every song on this CD, which is a rare thing for me to find.  As a big fan of Alison Krauss, I was very excited to hear her do &quot;I'll Fly Away&quot;.  It's beautiful!  This CD makes me happy.  I remember some of these songs from my childhood and it makes me smile!  This is the best CD I have purchased in a very long time.
0684833395|5.0|Book description: Set in late World War II, Joseph Heller's Catch-22 starts out with Yossarian meeting the Chaplain in the hospital.  Yossarian was a pilot and was the main character in the book.  Catch-22 tells the story of World War II through Yossarian's point of view, from hospital visits to bombing missions to showing up to his medal ceremony naked.  <br />The book also ranges in topic from a Major who everyone was too afraid of to ask his first name to a mess officer who runs a bogus company.  Many topics are amusing, but the majority is not.  They are very human.<br />Review: Catch-22 is the most honest book I have ever read.  It feels like I am sitting on Yossarian's shoulder for the whole book.  I feel all his emotions and thoughts, and they seem so realistic.  The characters are completely believable and I can imagine a real person behaving as they do. I feel like a part of the scenes in the book.<br />The writing style is very good, too. Heller doesn't use flowery language or over describe situations.  His language choice is absolutely perfect for the situations he is describing.<br />Many novels from World War II seem unbelievable and overly heroic, but Catch-22 is not either of the two.  It comes across as very human and realistic, and that is the main reason that I think it is so good.
6300268985|2.0|Even if one admires Ken Russell's visual flamboyance (which I generally do), and accepts the extreme and bizarre liberties he takes with historical events, it becomes difficult to ignore Lisztomania's flaws.<br />Russell works with an interesting concept here: he grounds the story of Liszt (and Wagner) in psychedelically-charged historical revisionism, tinged with postmodern asides (consider, for example, the scene where Franz Liszt and his bride reenact their 'meet cute,' Chaplinesque style). And some elements are startlingly effective (the Chaplin sequence; Rick Wakeman's lyrics for &quot;Love's Dream,&quot; set to the music of Liebestraum, that actually enrich the piece; Liszt's opening seduction, set to a metronome). But in most cases, Wakeman's lyrics drown out Lizst's genius, and Russell never rises above this production's most significant weakness: the mise-en-scene (particularly the flashy backdrop behind Liszt's glitter-covered piano) looks cheaply made and sloppily thrown-together. With a quick glimpse of Roger Daltrey flying through the air on his pipe organ-space ship (which looks about as credible as a scene from the Bugaloos), one realizes that a heftier budget would improve this film substantially.<br />But most critics still miss the boat when they pan Lisztomania by attacking Russell for his excessiveness. The truly rich, excessive moments in this film are the moments that make it work: in particular, Liszt's visit to the Russian countess -- where he collapses from breathing poisonous gas that comes from plaster rectums on the wall, and eventually rides into court on a twelve-foot high penis (only to have it guillotined) is hilarious and visually kinetic. <br />This film isn't without its rewards, particularly if you're a die-hard Russell fan, but it remains flawed and uneven.
B00005214X|5.0|It was the impact of this album that when it was first released moved George Harrison out from under the shadow of Lennon/McCartney. The variety, depth, and quality of the songs contained here are withoug a doubt a paradise for anyone who enjoys music. Time has not diminshed the impact these songs have, anyone of which puts today's music to shame. The title track, as well as &quot;Isn't It a Pity&quot; and &quot;The Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp&quot; are as fresh sounding today as they were when I first heard them 30 years ago. Run, don't walk to get this wonderful album that not only stands as an equal to The Beatles &quot;Abbey Road&quot; and &quot;Let It Be&quot;, but is superior to many of the solo John Lennon and Paul McCartney albums. George may not record often but when he does it is worth buying, and buying at once.
B00003CWTH|1.0|How so?  Kept waiting for it all to tie in together and just be amazed how it all fits, but it never happened!  DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!  RAINING FROGS?  C'MON!  I can't believe Tom Cruise wasted HIS time with this one, it lowers my opinion of him considerably.  If this is the direction the motion picture industry is taking, let me off the train, I'll walk.
B0000524E5|3.0|Coyote Ugly brings absolutely nothing new to the table, but taking the movie at its own merit, it's not actually all that bad.  The plotline in a nutshell, Violet moves to New York to make it as a songwriter, not knowing that it's not as easy as just going to a record company and giving them a demo tape(is anyone really that naïve), and ends up working at a bar called Coyote Ugly to make money until she can sell her songs.  That's it, except for the standard romantic interest, and the fact that the women at Coyote Ugly don't only pour drinks, they dance on the bar, spray down the customers with booze and water, and are full of attitude.<br /> The problem for Violet is that the only way to get her songs heard is to sing them herself at open mic nights at clubs. Unfortunately for her, she's too afraid to sing her own songs in public.  She's not too afraid to sing along with the jukebox at Coyote Ugly, or dance on top of the bar for a bunch of leering men, but I guess that's just a different story.  How, I really couldn't see, but it is, or so we're told.  Yeah, I'm still shaking my head over that one myself.<br /> For those of you who are interested in flesh, I have to disappoint you and let you know that this movie is PG-13 so you won't be seeing any nudity here.  In fact, the only person who takes their top off dancing on the bar is Violet's love interest, who does a dance on the bar while she's auctioning him off to the highest bidder to try to make up the $250 she needs to give to Lil, the bars owner, for dousing down the fire marshall with water, causing them to get a fine.  The $250 is what she needs to raise to pay the fine so she doesn't get fired.  Who ever said a movie really had to make sense?<br /> Still though, the girls are all good looking, and they do have some good moves, and I felt fairly entertained, at least after the first twenty minutes which were kind of slow and boring.  The plot isn't hard to follow, as you've probably seen it dozens of times before, from the inevitable misundertanding that leads to Violet's and Kevin's break up, down to the ending, where Violet still doesn't know whether or not she can sing her songs in front of other people until Kevin shows up to save the day.<br /> So no, you won't see anything new here, but the story isn't offensive on its own, and there are some funny moments, and some good looking women, so it's not a total bust either.  Try it out for yourself, it's good for at least one viewing.s before, from the inevitable misundertanding that leads to Violet's and Kevin's break up, down to the ending, where Violet still doesn't know whether or not she can sing her songs in front of other people until Kevin shows up to save the day.<br /> So no, you won't see anything new here, but the story isn't offensive on its own, and there are some funny moments, and some good looking women, so it's not a total bust either.  Try it out for yourself, it's good for at least one viewing.
B00004Z459|5.0|This is one incredible album... Linkin Park's music is like beautiful poems set to rockrap tunes. With some incredible lyrics like &quot;Do I sit here and try to stand it, or do I try to catch them red handed. Do I trust some and give in to phoniness, or do I trust nobody and live in lonliness. Cuz I can't hold on when I'm streched so thin, I make the right moves but I'm lost within. I put on my daily facade but then, I just end up getting hurt again...  BY MYSELF...&quot; many other lyrics on this album are just as beautiful and incredibly written. I like every single song on the album except for &quot;Crawling&quot; and &quot;Cure for the Itch&quot;. Cure for the Itch isn't really a song, so you can always ignore it (Cure for the Itch is just the DJ scratching off) and &quot;Crawling&quot; to me sounds like a slow song. It's not horrible in my opinion, but there are much better songs on the album. The best on the album being &quot;Papercut&quot; (the most beautiful rockrap song ever written), &quot;in the end&quot;, &quot;points of authority&quot;, and &quot;with you&quot;... If you liked &quot;One Step Closer&quot; form the radio, you may be surprised, because every other song by Linkin Park is different from that. But you should at least enjoy it.<br />This is the only rockrap band I like, and it's because of their great lyrics and their great guitar lines (when applicable). This is a CD that you will enjoy, and it's not pointless like Limp Bizkit, it's great in every way.
B00004Z459|5.0|This CD is the only one I own that would fit into the &quot;rock-rap&quot; category, and for good reason.  Their lyrics are meaningful, the music polished and clean, the whole CD is just excellent.  I can listen to the CD straight through over and over and it is great every time.  My favorite track has to be number 4, Points of Authority, because of the head-banging breakbeat at the end.  These guys are on tour now, check them out!
6303014100|5.0|One is used to viewing historical movies with the knowledge that what you are seeing is not real history, but simply based on historical events.  Gettysburg is not only based on history but is an accurate portrayal of the most famous battle of the Civil War.  The movie is amazing accurate, but is far from a documentary.  It does a wonderful job of intertwining historical fact and drama.<br />While the battle scenes are well done, especially the battle for Little Round Top, the movie excels in the personal stories.  The interplay of the West Point comrades in the Union and Confederate armies is especially touching.  Particular attention is rightly devoted to Confederate General Armistadt and Union General Hancock.  These two long time friends truly cared deeply for each other and knew that they would face each other during Pickett's charge.  The fact that they lay wounded, Armistadt mortally, feet from each other, provides further irony.<br />Another strength of the movie the fact that it takes on the tough historical questions that the battle raised - the chief one being whether Lee should have engaged Meade at Gettysburg or elsewhere.  The conflict is brought to the screen through crisp dialogue between Lee and Longstreet.  The dialogue is first class; however other than the fact that the failure of Pickett's charge may have proved Lee wrong the broader historical aspects of Lee's decisions are not dealt with.<br />This was a great movie.  Even though I knew the outcome before the movie started I enjoyed it and have watched it several times.  At times I felt that I was with General Burford and the Iron Brigade at Cemetery Ridge, General Chamberlain and the 20th Maine atop Little Round Top or General Pickett as he began his ill fated charge.  One can not ask more out of a movie.
0060925000|5.0|This is certainly one of the best books I have ever read and is an astonishing achievement! Being of Pakistani origin, I found I could empathise more with the Muslim characters in the book than with some of the others but Vikram Seth's superbly detailed accounts ensured that none of the characters were un-interesting. I was particularly enthralled by the characters of Saeeda Bai, the courtesan, and Firoz and Maan as well as the Ustad of classical music. This was what was so great about the book. It seemed as if all of India was here, in front of me as I read this book. Princes, businessmen, academics, paupers, villagers, tanners, untouchables, priests, mullahs, imams, Urdu, Hindi, English...the wonderful scents and colours painted a great and detailed canvas of Indian life. Seth's erudition too becomes clear from his excellent rendition of the ghazals of Ghalib and Mir into English during, perhaps, my favourite section of the book which was the musical performance given by Saeeda Bai in Mahesh Kapoor's house. Simply wonderful!
B00004Z4WR|3.0|Gone In 60 Seconds wasn't as bad a movie as I feared it would be.  I don't usually like to sit down to watch a movie with any expectations, be they good or bad because that can usually affect your judgement on the movie.  Expect it to be too good, and if it's only average, you hate it even more, expect it to be utter trash, and if it's average, you might be tempted to think better of it than it deserves.  Sometimes it's hard to keep perspective when your friends insist on telling you about the movie, or you've read someone else's review, or something of the sort.  I have to admit that I had heard bad things about the movie, and the trailer I had seen for it during its theatrical play didn't really interest me that much, but a friend loaned me his movie, so I gave it a watch, and I have to admit that it wasn't all that bad.<br /> Yes, no glowing recommendation from me, but it was an entertaining way to spend two hours, and I'm glad I at least got the chance to watch it once.  If I ever see it again, it will be on television though, because I have no plans on actually adding this movie to my collection.  It was better than average, but in no way exceptional.<br /> The cast wasn't actually that bad, given the material they were given to work with.  Nicholas Cage, whom I generally like, did a good job with the role he was given, but the script didn't really seem to give him any leeway to actually develop a character I could really care too deeply for.  Also, why they bothered getting Angelina Jolie for this movie, I really can't guess because all together she gets about twenty minutes of screen time.  As a fine actress in her own right more could have been done with her role, but the movie didn't really seem that interested in developing the characters, merely with barreling along at full throttle, throwing so much eye candy at you that you don't notice how skimpy the plot actually is.  Well, I noticed.<br /> Still though, the film does have a certain energy, and if itdoesn't live up to what it could have been, that's just the way it goes sometimes.  I'd recommend this as a rental, or see if you have a friend you could borrow it from since one viewing should be enough for anyone.
B00003OSSL|1.0|This is not a movie review.  If I were to call this a movie review, that would imply that Random Hearts could be classified as a movie.  The fact that it is comprised of images on celluloid is the only thing that makes this heinous travesty even remotely resemble a movie.<br />Early in the, uhh, 'movie', a plane goes down in flames.  God, how I envied those lucky passengers!  They didn't have to endure Harrison Ford's nutty mumblings and inexplicable behavior.  They didn't have to sit through endless scenes where ABSOLUTELY NOTHING of interest happens, and NOTHING of interest is said.  They weren't subjected to a stunningly inane sub-plot that never goes anywhere.  <br />However, like the passengers on that plane, I was scared - not scared for my life, but, scared that I might one day, unknowingly, sit through another Sydney Pollack clunker.  I pray it doesn't happen again.  I vow, as God is my witness, from this day forward, to never 'just pick something up' at the video store.  Heed my warning.  Be careful what you rent.  You could, like I have, lose the will to live.<br />Don't worry, though.  Slowly, gradually, and with therapy, I am mending the broken spirit which i acquired that fateful night when I watched Random Hearts.  Sadly though, I still have nightmares about the insanely tedious and boring two and a half hours I wasted.<br />To close, here are my top 5 suggestions for activities to do, other than watching Random Hearts:      5.  Step on a land mine. 4.  Call up the IRS and ask to be audited. 3.  Be beaten senseless by an angry mob. 2.  Repeatedly slap yourself until both your hand and face are numb. 1.  Have someone shove a porcupine up somewhere very private on your body (backwards)
B0000069NM|5.0|I discovered this album only recently and have never looked back. John Scofield has a distinct sound and feeling that is refreshing to say the least. Some may best describe it as &quot;rough&quot; or &quot;edgy&quot;, however I find it to be unique and intriguing.<br />On this particular studio date, Scofield is joined by Medeski, Martin and Wood, who provide the perfect setting for Scofields guitar work. The result is a funky jazz album of high calibre, which never loses the listeners interest. Tracks including Boozer, Jeep On 35 and Chank are amazingly funky thanks to the superior drumming of Billy Martin, whilst Southern Pacific has a more percussive feeling. There is not a single track on this disc that can be considered to be of a lesser standard. This high quality consistancy is welcome, as often MMW tend to adventure into realms that move beyond the groove and into the obscure.<br />If your after funky jazz in a small group environment, then you will be hard pushed to find any better an example than &quot;A Go Go&quot;. This CD is thoroughly enjoyable from start to finish, remaining deceptively simple in its musical complexity, whilst delivering some truly first class contemporary jazz.
B000056VIY|5.0|Its indeed another winner of an album. There isn't a loser in the grouping. I can see a few copies of this one being given as Valentines gifts, if everyone doesn't buy it before then... ~enjoy
0393317552|5.0|With so many reviews already available, there is no need to repeat main arguments of this extremely interesting and well-written book. I'll rather concentrate on several of the most controversial issues.<br />It is impossible to write a comprehensive treatise on world history, which will not induce attacks on political and cultural grounds. Some critics blamed J. Diamond for advocacy of pure geographic determinism, that &quot;culture doesn't matter&quot; and so on. I think it is unjustified. He considered foremost the time before and during emergence of agricultural and, consequently, sedentary societies, not today's civilizations. When human population consisted of small bands and, later, tribes, their development was determined by environmental factors. Indeed, evidence from all continents suggests similarities in the emergence of domesticated plants, agriculture, and village life, starting about 10.000 years ago. The difference was in speed of this process - faster in places of benign environment, where food resources allowed denser population, slower in more adverse areas. As human societies grew in complexity and technological and cultural sophistication, more nonlinear interactions and feedbacks emerged. Then geography had likely to become less of a decisive factor, at least in a relatively straightforward way described by J. Diamond.<br />Moreover, history of the last few thousand years didn't resemble anything like the linear ascendance of the Western Europe. Western civilization achieved its dominance right at the moment when advances in ship-building and navigational technology brought the era of &quot;great geographic discoveries&quot; starting in 1492, which led to colonization of much of the world. Had seafaring been more developed before, during the Islamic dominance of several centuries earlier, or had China not scrapped its fleet and long-range exploration plans in early XV century, the world history of the last five hundred years could be very different.<br />Some readers took issue with the author's statement that &quot;average Guinean is probably smarter than average westerner&quot;. It is indeed highly debatable, even with the notion of &quot;smartness&quot; very different for different people. However, if one puts aside cheap chauvinism, one can see that there is something to this statement. A Guinean lives in a very diverse natural environment. He constantly needs to actively process (in contrast to, say, watching TV) large amount of information relevant to his essential survival and well-being. Another reason is that the Darwinian &quot;survival of the fittest&quot; mechanism still works in tribal New Guinea, while amenities of the modern consumer society allow procreation of relatively unattractive, inept and stupid people.<br />Primary enabling factors of early civilization developments was the availability of domesticable plants and animals. Interestingly, the role of animals, as follows from the author's discourse, was much greater in this respect. Indeed, domesticated plants number many hundreds species, with each major agricultural regions having at least several developed crops. In contrast, large domesticable animals good for field work and transportation, are much rare. American continent and much of Africa didn't have suitable animals at all. Domesticated animals not only provide muscle power, but also make humans adaptable to germs. This allowed expansion into new regions with different germ population, which was one of the crucial factors in rapid conquering of Latin American territory by Spain.<br />In Jared Diamond view the ultimate cause of Eurasian (and later European) domination is the extent of the East-West axis - largest for Eurasia and much smaller for other continents. Latitude stretch of Eurasian landmass certainly did play a role, but it is likely overstated by the author. Total East-West extent of the Eurasia was probably irrelevant, and the history of Sumerian and Egyptian empires would likely have been similar even without the Europe west of Greece and the Asia east of Persia. The crucial property was the Mediterranean and the Middle East juncture (Fertile Crescent and neighboring coastal territories). Was it latitudinal dominance or a fractal coastline? The role of a long, winding coastline could be a very significant one. It provides a lot of beachfront and river estuary water resources, temperate seashore climate, great variety of flora and fauna from sea level to mountains nearby. All this ensures richness of resources sustaining high-density human population. At the same time such topography allows easy interaction, trade and exchange between settlements, while preserving pockets of diversity and preventing easy conquering and destruction by a dominant tribe, unlike in areas of open mid-continent plains. Indeed, it is evident in this book that the Fertile Crescent and two-river delta in China are the only places having this combination of climate, topography and biological resources.<br />To stress the importance of geographic factors and in particular availability of domesticable animals, the author mentions a curious fact - the absence of wheeled transport on American continent. To J. Diamond the failure of relatively advanced Mesoamerican cultures to develop wheeled transportation was due to the lack of any domesticated animals, which could be used to power them. Indeed, he argues, they had used wheels in toys, therefore they didn't lack technological creativity in this respect. I disagree with the author on this issue. There is a huge difference between a toy wheel - something rotating on an axis - and a working tool for transportation. The latter needs much higher degree of sophistication than many other contemporary technologies.  A wheel even in a simple wheelbarrow must be very round and well-balanced on an axle, have a very sturdy and low-friction axle and hub, firm but light and flexible stress-distributing spokes and stress-tolerant outer edge. A transportation carriage in addition to that needs to have a sophisticated amortization system for a smooth ride, and a suitable harness for the animal. Manufacturing an inexpensive, sturdy and reliable wheel for hauling and transportation was a very tough challenge. Still, the question of why Mesoamerican cultures hadn't developed a wheel requires further scrutiny. Perhaps the reason was related to available material technologies and quality of soil less suitable to build roads.
B00000K3D4|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies.  It is so imaginative.  The acting is good.  I am a Bowie fan and he was terrific.  It's alot of fun - I recommend it highly!
0671578278|5.0|The latest entry in the Vorkosigan Saga is a return to form for Bujold, after some recent entries that I felt were not quite up to her standard, and a continuation of the evolution of the series from its space opera origins.<br />The early volumes of the Miles Vorkosigan series emphasized action with lots of space battles and narrow escapes.  In the more recent volumes, Miles has been forced by politics and injuries to end his career as a mercenary admiral and return to his homeworld of Barrayar.  The most recent books, &quot;Memory&quot; and &quot;Komarr&quot;, were essentially detective stories with Miles unraveling plots against the Barrayar Imperium.  Although Bujold's first attempt at combining the SF and Mystery genres, the novella 'In the Mountains of Mourning' from &quot;Borders of Infinity&quot; is the finest blend of the two styles I've ever read, better than Asimov's Robot mysteries, these books never quite took off.<br />In &quot;A Civil Campaign&quot;, Bujold adopts yet another genre and writes a 'comedy of manners and biology' with a dedication to 'Jane [Austen], Charlotte [Bronte], Georgette [Heyer] and Dorothy [Sayers?]'.  The result is a brilliant success, in many ways the best book in this superior series.  For all her gifts and all her skill in describing high society dinner parties, Jane Austen regrettably never stopped to consider the possible ways they could be thrown into chaos by sex-change operations or genetic engineering run amok.  Bujold does, and the disastrous party in the center of this novel is, all by itself, worth the price of admission.<br />The action that dominated earlier installments and slowed down in recent ones is altogether gone in &quot;A Civil Campaign&quot;.  There is one ambush, where Miles is not present, and a 'battle' fought with tubs of bugbutter, a gooey product of genetically redesigned bugs off which Miles's clone brother Mark hopes to make his fortune.  <br />The slower pace and greater length of this book allowfor further development of the characters.  Miles is developed, of course, but his longtime sidekick, Ivan Vorpatril, also is very visible, and for the first time playing an independent part.  Cordelia is back, more prominent than she has been for some time, and the Koudelka daughters make their first appearances as prominent adult characters, with various adult romantic entanglements.  Comic situations often appeared in earlier installments, but usually as bits of relief thrown in between the action sequences.  Here the comic situations are also more fully developed than in earlier volumes, producing the funniest Vorkosigan novel to date. <br />This book is heavily dependent on the complex back story created in earlier volumes and would probably be frustrating for a reader not familiar with the series.
006092988X|5.0|I am a Brooklyn native, with my father being brought up in the same neighborhood (Williamsburg) described so vividly in A Tree Grows in Brooklyn.  My father (deceased) never spoke much of his childhood, probably wanting to avoid telling me of the squalor.  But as Betty Smith proves, one person's &quot;slum&quot; is another person's &quot;home&quot;.  <br />A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is the (hard-to-believe-it's-fiction) story of a teenage girl, Francie, being raised in rather rough conditions during the 1910s.  Her life, as viewed from 30,000 feet, is not terribly exciting.  Yet it is her mind, her curiousity, her compassion, and her soul which is so well projected by Betty Smith. I feel that Francie and her family are, well, people *I KNOW*.  A brilliant novel.<br />My only 'objection' to the novel is that it is targetted to young adults, which might limit its overall popularity (..the book has only been recently reprinted here in the UK).  I believe the strong emotive element of this novel to be a bit too ... intense for folks under, say, eighteen.  Young adults might actually find A Tree Grows in Brooklyn to be too sentimental.
B00004SVGE|5.0|I heard of Krall a year ago and she hasn't ceased to surprise me with her soulful , jazzy voice.  I'm inspired by her to play my best on the piano and sing my best in school.  She rox. Now if only i can hear her live in Christchurch. This recording is one of her best, so good you can envision a smokey jazz bar within the depths of her music.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This is the best of the best.  Of all the Beatles CDs that I own and have heard, this is the best compilation of all.  It is a great collection for the all types of Beatles fans.  The avid Beatles fans will enjoy listening to the CD because it contains only the best from their favorite band, also because it is a collection of #1 hits, the not-so-avid Beatles fans will enjoy recognizing the best songs from one of the greatest bands in music history.
B000002B7O|4.0|Although &quot;Blizzard of Ozz&quot; is far more popular than this, it's follow-up, I think this album has even better music. Everyone can recognize Crazy Train when they hear it, even listeners who don't know much about Ozzy, but who will easilly recognize Believer or SATO? This album features Randy Roads at his best. Over the Mountain cotains guitar work superior even to Eddie Van Halen! If you are new to Ozzy Osbourne's solo music, go first to Blizzard. After you have tasted what Ozzy offers, Diary of a Madman will only ripen the flavor. This album is the very best and most refined work Mr Osboune has ever generated.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|I actually saw this movie in the theater.  My friend and I almost walked out.  The manager who had been working at that theater for 3 years explained that he has never seen such customer dissatisfaction over a single movie.  The movie starts out bad and ends even worse (which is a miracle in itself).  I found myself sighing throughout the entire flick.  The movie concept was a good idea; however, it was done VERY, VERY badly.  I would rather stare at goldfish in a bowl for two hours than to be forced to watch this again.
0812589041|5.0|...I happen to be 37 years old, and this is one of my favorite books of all time. I consider myself fairly well-read, and along with books such as The Hobbit, and Asimov's Foundation series, I found Ender's Game and its sequels to be some of the most thought provoking books in recent memory. Now for the review itself.<br />This book is about outer space, like so many other sci-fi books. Normally, I would yawn at a thing like this. If it weren't for my my 14-year old son's strong recommendation, I would have easily overlooked it. I've never been a huge fan of sci-fi, and while certain abnormalities in the genre have amazed me, in general, I'm just not into the whole space-ship and outer space craze. Ender's Game totally changed my perspective!<br />This is the story of Earth in the future. The world is at war with an alien race called buggers, but they really don't have much to do with this book itself. Ender's Game focuses more on a young child-genius named Ender who has been chosen to enter battle school, and become a commander of the fleets to help destroy the buggers. At the age of 8 (I believe it was) Ender was ejected from his unpleasant life on earth where he was made fun of, and abused solely because he was the third child in a time when the world is becoming so overpopulated that only 2 children are permitted per family, and Ender was an exception for particular reasons. <br />In battle school, high above the earth, Ender lives a life where \\"teachers\\" watch the students at all times, and encourage them to play war games which will help them to understand the tactics of battle. I do not intend to re-tell or spoil the story in any way, but Ender end's up being one of the most brilliant students in battle school.<br />Life is tough, so far above the earth, and naturally, he has enemies. Ender tries to tell the other students that the real enemies are not the teachers, or the other students, but the buggers! Many of the students can't seem to understand this, but Ender and a handful of other children see this, and are chosen to command Earth's fleets in space.<br />Ok, so I'll admit it, the book's plot REALLY doesn't sound very appealing. Even now, after I've read it, everytime I read the back of the book, I feel amazed at how cliche the storyline would seem at a glance! The real joy in the book isn't necessarily to do with the plot, though. It's to do with the incredible morals and questions which are raised in reading Ender's Game. One of the most interesting aspects of the book was the internal struggle Ender was constantly facing. While to the other students in battle school, he seemed like the perfect commander who showed no fear and couldn't be beat, he was far from it... Unsure of himself and searching for answers, he hid a lot of his emotions deep inside his heart. Reading the book Ender's Shadow, the parallel novel to Ender's Game made the story even more interesting.<br />I've probably given away much more than I should have, but in the end, this book is amazing. Ender himself is my favorite character ever to appear in a book, and by reading the sequels, you'll learn much more about him.<br />I recommend this book to teenagers, and adults, but probably not for younger children, because it may put ideas in their head about what the future may be like, and would probably be way over their head anyway...you should at least give Ender's Game a shot... The worst that can happen would be not liking it, in which case you simply put it down - everyone's entitled to their own opinion.
B000002UB3|5.0|Iseriously have a dilema.  My top Beatles albums are Abbey Road and The White Album for No.1.  My opinions always change after each listen to both albums.  You can't complain with the beauty and creativeness with The White Album but Abbey Road is equally creative and literally flawless.  From the gritty rocking opener, Come Together, to the Beautiful &quot;medley&quot; this is just a great album.  Also I believe this was the the album where George broke free and released two of the greatest Beatles songs ever recorded.  Something was just the most beautiful ballad I've ever heard and Here Comes The Sun at a close second.  It's amazing to think that the Beatles came up with this album shortly after the &quot;Get Back&quot; sessions which would have turned anybody away from music.  (I'm not saying Let It Be is a horrible album, it just a bit discouraging.)  The melody of Because is just so cool it would make any &quot;tripped out&quot; sounding Beatles song sound like they weren't really high.  The medley is brilliant and is a joy everytime you experience it.  Well I'm about to take this disc out and listen to The White Album but I sure enjoyed it so buy this album and experience the Beatles at their best
B00004XONN|5.0|OK, so this album has been reviewed to death, but I must say I love it.  The production is superb and it sounds great whether listening to it on headphones or in a surround sound environment.  The first two tracks, particularly, blew me away.  When I first played &quot;Everything In It's Right Place&quot; on my new discman, I thought that there was a short in the headphone wiring.  In the beginning of the song Thom's sampled voice stutters and finally fizzles out and the stereo effect fades in and out.  This had me going nuts trying to find a short in my wire.      The track &quot;Kid A&quot; really pushes the limits of any sound system.  When I played it on my fairly good surround sound stereo, the surround speakers sounded like they were fuzzing out due to a massive frequency overload.  I scrambled to my stereo, adjusting equalizers, volume, checking speakers to make sure that they were not blown.  I was frantic.      Through all manner of tweaking, I finally figured out that both &quot;problems&quot; were, in fact recorded, mixed and produced to sound as such.  It seems the joke was on me.  Only Radiohead can turn a spectator experience like record-listening into a full blown panic situation.  This is just one more example of how Radiohead truly pushes the envelope, not only in songwriting and production, but in the listening experience as well.      Thom and crew know that at least 75% of their audience are audiophiles just like me (especially after Nigel's fine production job on OK Computer).  I believe they took that carefully into account whem recording this album, so that the paranoia, chaos and panic evident in both form (music) and content (lyrics) would transfer over into the listening experience.  There is something very situationist (not to mention punk rock) about this type of antagonism.  For those of you familiar with the art critic Walter Benjamin, this is a classic case of the alientation effect at work.  For the uninitiated, just note that for aninstant, Radiohead managed (in my case at least) to demonstrate, just how dependant on our machines we really are and how one small bug in the system can throw the us all into disarray.  Oh yeah, and they exposed ME for the narcissistic-idiot-a**hole-music-snob I really am.  And that's s good thing.  A little self-critque never hurt anyone.
0767849493|1.0|This movie wasn't funny at all.  The plot was very poorly written.  I probably would have loved this movie if I was still in middle school.  The attempt to make the movie mystical was the only part that was funny since it was done so poorly.  I wouldn't recommend this film to anyone.
B000002AS3|5.0|Their first of the five and how incredible, a certain feel good factor about this one.This album is arguably the second best album the two contraversial brothers have produced.  I have yet to listen to a better song than Cigarettes and Alcohol! I remember the first time I heard it I didnt much like it, but like all the Oasis albums a second and thorough listen to it and you will fall in love with it straight away! I did. The lyrics are easy to pick up and its only then you realise the true genius of them. If only I could go back and listen to them for the first time. For any Paul Weller or Beatles fan it is a must if you havent already got it.                       Tips:  *Listen to very loud and sing along with the lyrics in front of you. *Actually take in the words that they are saying and learn them. *Sing like Liam with a pretend tamborine in your right hand. *Buy and learn the words from their other albims. *Finally go to one of their concerts and drink lots,<br />         And only then will you have really experienced the Oasis feeling!
B000002UAU|4.0|Yes, like my title states this album is not the greatest Beatles album but probably the most essential rock album ever recorded.  I don't know exactly how the music scene today would be if it wasn't for this album.  It showed the whole production aspect of a band.  The album cover was just as important to the album as the songs.  Plus, the rock community needed to be shown that the production styles of this album could be done.  I'd say this was the album that the Beatles decided to abandon riff-rock and explore the beautiful landscapes of melody and lyrical images.  Some people complain that this album was overly bloated, but I'd rather listen to these beatiful mind-expanding songs.  This album is refered as the &quot;L.S.D.&quot; album.  Who cares.  I'm glad the Beatles &quot;tripped&quot; out during the duration of this album because the quality of the songs went up.  But honestly, there are a few filler songs, such as &quot;Fixing a Hole, She's Leaving Home and Within You Without You.&quot;  The quality of this album would have went up so much if George Martin would have put Strawberry Field or Penny Lane in the album.  That is one of every Beatles fans complaints of this album.  But even without those songs, this album could have had all the worst Beatles songs on it with A Day In The Life and the album would have still been a classic.  The power of that song alone opened the door of the creativeness of the Beatles and George Martin.  I'm not saying that the Beatles never pushed the creative envelope before this album, but seriously, if you match up the great &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; with &quot;A Day in The Life&quot; you realize which one is a greater accompolishment. So this ends my review and I hope everyone will continue to enjoy this album and if you don't own it, get it right now.
B000001FDQ|1.0|It's disappointing to note that after all these years, one tends to remember Malmsteen's augmented self-image more than his music.  There are still a few ideas on this recording that provide some fun; &quot;Black Star&quot; and the enduringly corny vocals on &quot;Now Your Ships Are Burned.&quot;  Nevertheless even this, his best record has become forgettable.   One important note:  The version of &quot;Evil Eye&quot; on this recording is far inferior to the live version on the Alcatrazz album &quot;Live Sentence.&quot;  The crowd screams filling the pauses are much more rewarding than Yngwie's idiotic guitar fills.  I think this says something significant about his music.  To all you folks who claim Malmsteen was influenced by Jimi Hendrix, I challenge you to prove it.  Yngwie likes to claim this because he used to go through a bogus guitar smashing routine in his live appearances (see the Japanese Alcatrazz live laserdisc.  The rage Malmsteen flies into when he's unable to get his rig working again is really quite funny.) In truth his music bears no connection to Hendrix in any way.   If you must have shred-style metal, then I refer you to any of Buckethead's recordings.  I'd be willing to bet that Buckethead could perform this entire album with no difficulty, while at the same time including a bit of self-depreciation and satire to go with it.  Those are concepts that have always been foreign to Yngwie Malmsteen.
B0000029GA|5.0|Illmatic is one of the top 10 rap cd's of all time.  This is one of the few albums that I can listen to from front to back.  It is by far the best cd when it comes to lyrics.  This is the cd you pop in if you are just laying around bored or you are just chillen with your boys.  If you are the type of person that likes stuff like Jay Z's Dynasty, this cd is not for you.  This cd doesn't have club songs on it.  New York State of Mind is by far the best song on the cd.  The cd tells the life of a young man growing up in the queensbridge housing projects.  The only problem with this cd is that it is too short.  Even though the cd is about 35 minutes it is still worth the money.  If you are a true hip hop fan it is a must have.
B0000057C5|5.0|Ok, about three years ago, i heard Du Hast on our wimpy little radio station in northern canada at about 12:30 AM. I heard the DJ announce the band and title, along with a sarcastic,&quot;yeah, they're Canadian; and if you beleive that, ive got some great real estate for you!&quot;  Anyway, when i heard it, i wasnt expecting much because it was some less-than-thrilling keyboard tab, but when the guitars kicked in, which, in years to come, have been rightly so compared to nuclear arms, artillery, flamethrowers, and an assortment of bloodthirsty animal bellows, I was infatuated with it. And this voice-- this voice which matched the guitars for sheer thunderpower, enraptured me completely. It may have been foriegn-(i recognized as German immedaitly) but it was another instrument, not some whiny bugger cramming the moral of the song down my throat. The bass was also well done, at about 9 out of 10 in my opinion, but when the guitars get a 15 out of 10, you'd expect a little more. No qualms though. The keyboard was also a cute little touch, but it was petty compared with many other European DJ's. I would like to see little more creativity on that front. Still, no qualms. Flake, the keyboard player, did score a spine-tingling hit with his synthesized chorus in that song.   So, two years pass, all the while fraught with wild Rammstein searching, but, it appears, no luck. Then I met a kid in my math class with this album, and i gave him $5.00 and a slush so i can borrow it for a night, whereupon i copied it. It has since been my favorite album of all time, with a perfect good-bad ratio of songs. I have since bought both their debut album, Herzeleid, and their live album, Live Aus Berlin, both of which i found astounding. Ignore all these militant comparisons you hear, and pay no heed to the easily misinterpreted themes; the fact is, if you love metal, get this album or you may as well go see Britney live, because everything else is about as equally weak by comparison.
B00000634J|5.0|John Lennon is without a doubt one of the greatest singer/songwriters of the 20th century. This album has 20 of his songs. Of course, it won't please everyone, there are a lot of songs that could have been added, and maybe a couple that could have been left off, but as a whole it's a wonderful overview of his solo career. I also own the out-of-print John Lennon Collection, and even though this album repeats all but 3 of the songs on 'Collection', this is still a great album to own, especially if you don't have the other. The booklet, though, could have been much more informative. True, there are plenty of photos and a track-by-track listing, but no real information, no liner notes or essay...nothing that should have been included, so that is a mild disappointment, especially seeing that the booklet has 20 pages, and 2 of those pages are almost blank except for &quot;Lennon Legend&quot; printed in the centre of them. Even the 'John Lennon Collection' came with the lyrics.
B0000524E5|5.0|I liked this movie, and also the girls in this were quite, cute. Piper Perabo was in &quot;Rocky &amp; Bullwinkle&quot; she did a good job in both movies. The DVD is good, the Deleted Sences were good worth watching.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Cameron Crowe's &quot;Almost Famous,&quot; isn't a movie about fancy camera work or tricky lighting schemes.  Instead, the film creates something so much more extraordinary by remembering what it means to be a teenager, what it means to be on the cusp of fame, and what it means to fall in love.  These are only three of the many themes that the movie takes time to delicately address in the most subtly moving 2 hours you'll ever spend at the theater.  The performances are great.  Billy Crudup's lead guitarist Russell Hammond is overly self-confident on the outside, inside he's just as much of a kid searching for himself as Patrick Fugit's William Miller is. Fugit's so good you almost forget he's even there until you realize that he's the one you've been identifying with.  And then Kate Hudson's Penny Lane who is the soul of the film, holding together the era of Rock and Roll in between The magic of the 60s and the excess of the 80s.  She calls herself a band aid, and that's exactly what she is.  After an unnerved Fugit utters that he has to go home as they travel on the old bus to the next show she simply smiles, waving her hands in front of him and assuring him that he is home.  Tiny Dancer by Elton John plays in the background and even though it's Elton John, for some reason you feel at home when the song plays, feel optimistic even though you don't know where you're going.  That's just like the movie, not knowing what direction it's going in, just following it's instincts.  &quot;Almost Famous&quot; isn't about controversy or death or even the meaning of life it's just a movie about people.  It used to be an art form to create characters that seemed so real, and that the visual effects or the interesting camera angles meant nothing if not for the characters.  Here they feel real and they act real for once not seeming like they understand the plot as well as we do.  We see their public moments and their intimate moments and both seem to be just right.  It's nice tohave characters to care about again.  The movie is magical without realizing it, incredibily perceptive without preaching and when you watch it something just makes you feel like you are home.
B00002MHS1|5.0|It's all a matter of taste- I'm not particularly fond of Traffic's first two albums- actually there was a third called Last Exit which was excellent and it was the beginning of the really classic jazzy Traffic sound which could not be attained until Dave Mason left- if you like Dave Mason try Live at the Canteen, it's a wonderful reunion with Dave and the whole band.  Anyway, they really hit their stride on this album, it's great folky, jazzy rock.  Winwood is as great on guitar as on keyboards.  The next album, Low Spark is probably their best (in my opinion) and then they slowly went downhill.  If you like this album Blind Faith should also be your cup o'tea.
B00004W55E|5.0|Light a stick of incense, pour a glass of wine, sit back in your favorite chair and let this sista serenade your soul.  Her voice is simply amazing! This album is yet another sweet journey.  <br />The first time I heard &quot;I Forgive You&quot;  I was driving to a friend's house. I actually sat in that car until the fade of the song. It is a gorgeous ballad with a universal theme.  Heart-pounding, breath taking and head bobbin'.<br />Any true music lover will attest to the power, softness, and extreme range of Rachelle's vocal stylings. There is a difference between singing a song and SANGIN' a song.  When your head and neck get to rocking up and down &amp; from side to side, throwing a hand in the air, without a care to who hears or sees -thats SANGIN'. Don't believe me?  Put on &quot;Run to Me&quot;. <br />Rachelle gives us a glimpse into her heart and soul with this album and the lyrics are meaningful, combined with wonderful jazzy, funky instrumentation by the best musicians/vocalists in the industry.  The duet with Jonathan Butler, &quot;Gaia&quot; is divine.  &quot;I Gotta Go&quot; is another marvelous track.  <br />If you want to be fed soulfully from an INDIVIDUAL who isn't afraid to let the world hear her heart, GET THIS CD! Rachelle, U go girl!  Continued success to ya.  Peace. Clarissa.
1573921394|3.0|Keynes &quot;General Theory&quot; is not a layman-friendly work, and can only be recommended to those with a keen interest in economics or history.  It is loaded with precisely-defined technical terms and equations, making it a chore to read and understand.<br />As for Keynes' arguments, there is much one can say.  At times, he is dead on.  At times, he is dead wrong.  Often, I felt that his conclusions resulted from his particular (and arbitrary) definitions and dichotimies.  For example, central to the work is the distinction between &quot;investment&quot; and &quot;consumption&quot;.  I find these impossible to separate in the first place!  Could I not say that my buying of Keynes' book was an &quot;investment&quot;?  Could I not just as legitimately say it was &quot;consumption&quot;?  I am not sure I would buy any conclusion that was deduced from such a tenuous division.<br />On the other hand, his discourses on the herd mentality of the stock market are dead-on, and can be seen even today in our current boom-bust cycle.<br />Overall, I felt that this book was a lot of work, and separating the wheat from the chaff is more time consuming than the amount of wheat justifies.  It may be historically important, and in some parts, currently relevant, but there are better ways to learn these lessons.
B000056VIY|5.0|great pics great songs is the best of jennifer
1881273156|5.0|Probably the best thing that has come out of our reading and study of this book was that my husband learned ways to express his love to me that were important to me after years of being discouraged when I didn't appear to appreciate his ways of showing love.<br />I hope that I, also, have learned better how to communicate love to my husband. Of course, we still have work to do on rekindling the relationship, and expect that to come in time. It is important for the reader to understand that just one reading or one study does not do magic, but a lifetime of commitment in the right direction does. This is perhaps the most important message of the book.<br />The book is definitely worth reading. Most importantly, if you are considering divorce, you can't say you've tried everything until you've read this book and really tried this approach.
0884271536|4.0|As a novel, it is a failure. As a text for the implications of theory of constraints to the context of project management, it  is proper. It explores the discussion of &quot; throughput vs cost model&quot; explained in his book &quot;Goal&quot;, to the field of project management. The plot is  a set of classroom discussions by a management professor, who is unsure of his tenure. ( In the family angle, he has his wife who overspends, with no possibility for having a kid , in a traditional way).   The effect of theory of constraints is revisited through other professor. Later, our hero starts to apply this in his class room discussion. The key idea is to recognise how each step in a project is given extra safety by concerned person. The buffers are moved to a creat a common project buffer. Instead of looking at time aspect only, the issue of critical resource is given attention. ( Like bottleneck in production case). After a  lot of discussions, he is led to discover the abstraction of critical chain ( rather than critical path) as the basis of project management. The evolution of the concept is explained with diagrams in a highly readable way.  (At the end of novel, in the family front, they decide to try surrogate motherhood since they can afford it with his tenure position).  The book is relevant for mangement educators. It can not be considered as a novel. GOAL is a unique event. Critical chain is a let down.
B0000028RR|5.0|This is true classic. The album is in my oppininon the best Rage album. Tom Morello is the best guitarest out there right now. The sounds he can make on a guitar are uncomparable. He also has some great solos (especaly live) which proves hes not all pedals and effects. Hes sort of like a dj on guitar. Zach De La Rocha has a unique voice and powerful and meaningful lyrics. Tim C.(bass) and Brad Wilk (drums) are very overlooked because the power the other two put out but are genuine tallents. Zach's lyrics say a lot of important things that need to be heard. Allthogh I do'nt agree with some of the stuff he says America is too one viewed and needs to hear other ideas. They are one of the best rap/metal bands out there.  The album starts out powerfuly with &quot;Bombtrack&quot; althogh lyricly not the best a very good song. &quot;Killing in the Name&quot; is one of the best songs and has a real good guitar solo in it. The lyrics are repetitive but  i guess thats what this type of song needed. &quot;Take the Power Back&quot; is a wonderful song with great lyrics &quot;The teacher stands infront of the class, but the lesson plane he can't recall. The students eyes dont precieve the lies bouncing off every f***ing wall. His composers well kept, I guess he faers playing the fool. The complacent students sit and listen to the bulls*** he learnd in school.&quot; I like the part about Euorope too. &quot;Settle for Nothing&quot; is the most personal song Zachs ever sang. Its very good. &quot;Bullet in the Head&quot;, &quot;Know Your Enemy&quot; are both brilliant as well. &quot;Know your enemy&quot; has the singer from Tool on it and evan though I dont like that band he has a good voice and it sounds right in this song. &quot;Wake Up&quot; is another great one but i have one problem with it. This a stright up copy of a Led Zepplin song. They should of changed it up a bit but its one of my favorite songs on the album anyways. &quot;Fistfull of Steel&quot; and &quot;Township Rebellion&quot; are my least favorite tracks on the album but are still worth listening to. You can get lost in &quot;Freedom&quot; because the song repeats its self a lot but the endings great and lets you leave with a deffinent felling of satisfaction. The olny other note about this album I have is Zachs voice sounds mutch different on this album than the oters. I like it better after it changes (maybe he hit puberty late) but still has power behind it on this album as well. DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND GET THIS ALBUM!!!
B000005RFQ|1.0|I have been listening to metal since its birth. (which is Judas Priests first album) and I liked a lot of Black Sabbaths stuff. Mob Rules and Heaven and Hell are Classics !  This one is   obviously their worst release.and It also is one of the worst releases that I have ever heard by anyone I can  remember in the past 20 years. This is just plain gross. Nothing appealing about it at all. I respect the band but facts are facts ,All good things must come to a end , this album is the season the veteran Quarterback wishes he would have retired the year before.
0316286443|5.0|Kevyn leads the pack in a wonderful new wave and new age of beauty books, where diversity is stressed, and the viewpoints are stretched. Kevyn's book includes emotion and science, and his recent books have helped usher in such other interesting achievments as Robin Cosio's THE EYEBROW, Mary Quant's MAKEUP, Jessica Pallingston's LIPSTICK, and the new book HAIR: A HISTORY. Keep it up, everyone! This is great!
B000050FEN|4.0|Se7en is an icredible Movie about the Society we live in. david Fincher is a man who knows how to make a story very alive. Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman give excellent performances (For not to talk about the murderer) and the Screenplay keeps you interested during the whole Movie (Say another Thriller during the 90s that was so good in overall?). in other words, Se7en is a GREAT! Movie.<br />But why 4 Stars? I give the DVD 4 Stars because it doesn't include the TV Spots and the Audio Commentary with Brad Pitt, Morgan Freeman and David Fincher was not so good as I thought. It was boring in some places, but despite this. I can still recommend this Flick to DVD Fanatics and David Fincher fans (And they are a lot of you out there)
0887308589|5.0|Non-stop laughs await the reader of this brilliant work.  Scott Adams has an incredible ability to detect the absurd in the world of corporations and management and turn it into entertainment for the masses of cube dwellers who must endure it day after day.  I especially enjoyed his analysis of &quot;downsizing&quot; and the way management will package it in the future.  <br />The most surprising part of the book was Adams' description of the principles he would use to run a company.  They make a lot of sense and would probably help to make a company successful.
0399146253|3.0|Like every other reviewer before me, I was waiting with bated breath for the next installment of the Scarpetta saga.  I was so disappointed when I started in on this one.  Kay is up to her eyeballs in angst and grief over Benton, the Lucy lesbian issue is just not shocking anymore, and Marino desperately needs Weight Watchers and a Nicoderm patch. The sexual tension encumbent in the relationship between Kay and Marino is starting to remind me of Lou Grant and Mary Richards on the Mary Tyler Moore show.  Acknowledge it, deal with it and get over it!<br />I have always enjoyed the graphic details of the autopsies...this book had scarce few!  However, Ms. Cornwell's little juncture into the description of grisly sexual torture was neither necessary or germane to the story.  Keep the main thing, the main thing.<br />I hope by the time the next Kay Scarpetta book comes out, Ms. Cornwell has dealt with everyone's problems so we can all get back to what made these books so interesting...incredibly riveting murders, great morgue intrigue and stunning resolution.
0440234743|5.0|This was probably my favorite Grisham novel.  It contained less of the standard legal ramblings than most of his other novels.  It seemed to center more on the characters themselves and less on the legal world.
B000000WFZ|5.0|This must be the most memorable and magnificent soundtrack I have ever heard. Five years after watching the movie, I still remembered the soundtrack and finally bought it. After owning it a year I can still listen to it repeatedly without growing tired of it. Friends of mine who heard me playing it nearly always ask what it is and mention how beautiful it is. Several have bought it. &quot;Gabriel's Oboe&quot; is the most heavenly piece of instrumental music I know. Having visited Iguassu Falls, the location the movie was filmed, the music is a perfect complement to the real scenery - majesty and delicate beauty - a fragile rainbow hovering over the thundering water.
0385484518|2.0|I totally agree with \\"Too simplistic\\". I expected much more depth where there isn't much at all. I thought Morrie's lessons would be very profound yet his message was not profound at all. He sounds like he was truly a wonderful man and I admire the author's writing style but the book isn't life changing or deep in any way.
B000003NA4|5.0|I have never been sure if I like or do not like jazz.  I have thouroughly enjoyed this album, introduced to me by friends, as background to a cosy evening meal.  Diana has a superb voice, and is a gentle introduction into the world of jazz.  I you are thinking of trying some, start right here!
B00000J2L8|5.0|This is hands down the greatest movie ever made.  Nothing but black humor and the threat of nuclear holocaust.  I loved it!  Fabulous direction by Kubric and excellent acting by both Peter Sellers and George C. Scott.  A must-see for anyone.
B00004Z511|5.0|&quot;Kid A&quot; is not an album to become bored with.  Radiohead takes a big step from their previous release, &quot;ok computer,&quot; into an entirely new dimension of music that you won't want to leave.    I wish more people would give their music a chance; fully listen and hear the incredible mixture of mellow sounds and the truths the lyrics bring out.  Each song has a truly unique sound, not only with relation to other songs they've written, but to any other genre of music I've heard.    &quot;Kid A&quot; is not an album to be judged after it's first whirl in the CD player, but rather after four or five times through. If you expect to hear catchy pop melodies after flipping through the tracks once or twice and say, &quot;Wow. I like this,&quot; perhaps Radiohead is not the band for you.  If you are a true music lover and want to take the time to listen to Radiohead's message, &quot;Kid A&quot; will soon become the CD that stays in your stereo.    Perhaps the best way to describe the album is that it takes on a different meaning for each person- more or less, depending on how much you want to hear.  One thing that remains about Radiohead's music, however, is that each song puts you into a different state of mind, an effect that keeps me coming back for more all the time.
B000005S6B|5.0|When I first heard about the Pogues I suspected that they were nothing more than a lot of drunken, angry Irishmen (not that there is anything wrong with that) and that they played rock music which I do not really favour so I simply forgot about them.  Then a couple of months ago I heard a few of their songs and I was instantly hooked.  This is the first of the Pogues CD's that I ran out and purchased almost emediately and I feel that it is truly excellent music and should not be classified as rock at all.  This is really good stuff.  Do yourself a service and get this CD.  You will not regret it.
630476524X|1.0|I held off for the longest time renting this movie for the longest time because I thought that it was a way to cash in to the success of the first.  i decided that I wanted to see it because well, I thought I was being unfare and well, it might actually have some good qualities.  Well, I was right to be apprehensive.  This movie which felt like a really long tv show just made me cringe.  I rent good movies with the bad cause I'm a movie buff.  But City of Angels actually was painful to sit through.  Not because it clearly wanted to be what the first one was and more and  ends up being a bad copy of the first.  No, what makes this one of the worst movies I've ever seen is the way that it can't stand alone to save it's life.  If you haven't seen the first you are going to be lost and think this movie REALLY STINKS.  The characters are lame and very uninteresting, if not annoying.  The story just leaves you going, &quot;Are they purposely trying to insult my intelligence?&quot;  I mean, the whole wrongful death sucks but I felt nothing and I and I am very easily emotionally moved. In a nutshell, just hollywood trying to cash in on the success of something and falling on it's face.
B000002KOO|5.0|The first big departure from the blues for this outstanding band, this FM line-up is probably its best. The interplay between the guitars is simply brilliant, whether it be in the tight, controlled tunes or the jazzier improv pieces. Peter Green, as the band's heart and soul, was at the top of his game on this disk with Oh Well, Rattlesnake Shake and Closing My Eyes. Overlook the crummy job that Reprise did on cleaning up the hisses. The music still comes through with all the power it had 30 years ago. One of a handful of disks from that period that still holds up.
078324228X|5.0|Before this movie I didn't have a clue who &quot;The Hurricane&quot; was.  I watched this movie to find out who he was and because I read great reviews on Denzel Washington's performance.  The reviews were definitely on point along with the Oscar nomination he recieved (which he should've won).  Denzel Washington's acting was superb.  The movie is about a boxer who went to prison wrongfully accused of murder, who then was helped to freedom by a young man and his Canadian tutors after reading his autobiography  which &quot;Hurricane&quot; wrote while he was in prison.  Hurricane was another black man who had no luck in the US Justice system and didn't recieve a fair trial until the case went to federal court where all the lies were uncovered and the truth set free.  This was a wonderful movie.  It made me cry and also angry at the injustice and also the racism.  I was elated when &quot;Hurricane&quot; was released from a trying time in prison.  This movie will be around for a while and maybe become a classic.
B000002U82|5.0|I have noticed that many of the reviewers seem to have heard only Dark Side of the Moon, and few, if any, of the other Floyd albums. I would suggest aquiring the following albums to get the full impact of their excellent music; Meddle (Echoes, One of these Days), Wish You Were Here (all tracks), Animals (all tracks), and of course The Wall. But most importantly, for those reviewers and readers who enjoy the Guitar Solos by David Gilmour which are on the Dark Side of the Moon, especially on &quot;Time&quot;, YOU MUST hear the following Gilmour guitar solos which are found on other Pink Floyd albums.. And they are from: a)&quot;Echoes&quot; (Meddle), b)&quot;Shine on You Crazy Diamond&quot; Parts I-V, Parts VI-IX (Wish You Were Here), c)&quot;Dogs&quot;, &quot;Sheep&quot; (Animals),  d) &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;, &quot;Hey You&quot;, &quot;Mother&quot;, &quot;Young Lust&quot; (The Wall), e) &quot;On the Turning Away&quot; (Momentary Lapse of Reason),  f) &quot;Poles Apart&quot;, &quot;Wearing the Inside Out&quot;, &quot;Marooned&quot; (Division Bell)....If you like really smooth and emotional Guitar Solos, I guarantee that you will enjoy the ones from these tracks. David Gilmour packs so much emotion and feeling into all of them, that you will be aching for more!!! So get them, there is no excuse!!!
B000002KHY|1.0|This CD contains excellent examples of James Taylor's best and most popular music.  When it was compiled, however, a live version of &quot;Steamroller&quot; was used which contains some extreme obscenities and foul language.
B000002HH2|5.0|WOW! that is all I have to say about this album. Bjork has the most overwhelming voice. I keep this in my car always because I just cant seem to stop listening to it, but bewear this may not be for the top 40 listener. This is for someone looking to find meaning in what they hear, a person whon is looking for a conection.
B000056VIY|4.0|i think J.lO is a is agood cd jenny has done it again its different than on the 6 i like track numbers 2,5,8,9 the only minus thing on this album is the typical puffy sound. i think his track is weak and below is  jennifer  vocals.but you did a good job you go girl
0060922583|5.0|I've read The Holographic Universe often, and have gained new insights into the nature of consciousness and reality from its riches every time.  I consider it to be author Michael Talbot's most important work, as well as one of the best books ever written on the subject of so-called paranormal phenomena.<br /><br />Talbot's fascination for finding scientific explanations for psychic and paranormal activity began when he noticed objects moving inexplicably around him, regardless where he lived.  He would sometimes awaken to find socks draped on his houseplants, and occasionally found objects in his apartment that he knew for a fact had been hundreds of miles away.  His real-life experiences with such shifts in reality combined with his training in physics led him to explore possible reasons for these and other mysterious happenings.<br /><br />Talbot begins his book with an excellent introduction to physicist David Bohm's concept of the holographic model of the universe, and combines the physics model with Karl Pribram's work on the holographic model of the brain.  The result is a marvelous description of a non-local, interconnected and alive universe that moves in response to our every thought and feeling.<br /><br />I am very impressed with the clarity with which Talbot presents the concept of a holographic universe and how various paranormal phenomena can be explained within that model.  Talbot's discussion is comprehensive, fascinating, clear, and packed with relevant and intriguing stories of paranormal phenomena.  Out of body experiences (OBEs), near death experiences (NDEs), auric readings, psychokinesis, acupuncture, X-ray vision, healing, and psychic readings are all described and considered for placement into the holographic model.<br /><br />Talbot presents a wealth of relevant research studies and scientific theories from David Bohm, Helmut Schmidt, Marilyn Schlitz, Robert Monroe, Charles Tart, Larry Dossey, Paul Davies, PMH Atwater, Ian Stevenson, Fred Alan Wolf, Harold Puthoff, Russell Targ, Lyall Watson, Stanislav Grof, and many others., Lyall Watson, Stanislav Grof, and many others.
B00001NFCY|5.0|...Stapp, Tremonti, and Philipps are the most passionate, realand authentic band I've seen in years.  You couldn't get that fromNsync, Britney, or any other prefabrecated band.  They've been througha lot of [stuff], and they write honestly.  They're not afraid to putevery inch of lives on paper and all you people do is bash them.  That's extremely low.  I love Human Clay cause it makes you think, and comtemplate what you're listening to.  Instead of just laying there and being numbly brainwashed.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|I have many words for this movie. Awful,Raunchy,perverted,trashy! I'm ashamed of myself for even sitting through this joke of a film. Scream is a whole lot funnier. I enjoyed airplane and space balls. This film was just tasteless and vulgar. Nasty and too focused on sex and homosexuality. I wouldn't dream of buying this. Scary Movie is a Middle school porno mixed with vile jokes. All I can say is this film is too stupid to watch!
B00004T9UF|5.0|You know, it's funny. When I bought this waayyy back in May 2000 i was really takin' a chance. I popped it in my cd player and flipped on my playstation so i could listen while i played. bam. I listened to it over and over. I must have listened to Stan 1000 times that night. This album is the end-all, be-all of music lover's everywhere. run to the cd store to buy it. NOW!
6305627401|1.0|I CAN'T STAND THIS MOVIE! THIS FILM IS INSENSITIVE TO THE DIVERSE SOCIETY OF AMERICA! IF YOU'RE A CHRISTIAN KEEP THIS MOVIE OUT OF YOUR HOME. THEY SPEAK OBSCENELY ABOUT GOD! THE MOVIE MAKES OFFENSIVE KNOCKS IN PROFANITY AND SEXUALITY!! THIS MOVIE SHOULD ROTT IN STORAGE! THIS FILM IS DEMONIC IN NATURE AND INTENT!
B00000K3UU|1.0|It waz pritty funnie when this kid peed, also all the Hoodars jokes! Adem Shandler is hairlereus! O yea, when the skatters god tribted almust mad me peed in my pandds! Then at the end it wus all happy for Sunny, my hart was wormed.
B00003CWL6|5.0|American Beauty, this chilling yet humorous look at the typical American family trapped in the world of suburbia.  The movie is all about appearances, \\"In order to be successful one must project an image of success at all times.\\"  That is probably one of the overall themes of the movie.  Many of the characters find success to be something all their own through validation of themselves or from another, and you see how their belief in that either makes them better or tears them down.  Sam Mendes, the director of this incredible movie was able to select an awesome cast, including Kevin Spacey, Annette Bening, Thora Birch, Allison Janney, Wes Bentley, Mena Suvari and Peter Gallagher, all of whom were able to believably bring their character life through just a look or a line.<br /><br />The fantastic movie and incredible cast should be enough to buy this DVD, but it is also loaded with bonus features.  The commentary is wonderful and informative, really breaking down the shots and informing you on what was cut out.  This definitely shows the insightfulness of the director on making sure that there was no unnecessary dialog that would take away from the moment.  Even the behind the scenes featurette was a pleasure to watch.<br /><br />If you haven't seen this movie yet, it is definitely worth you time.  The acting is superb, the quality is excellent and the features are outstanding.  American Beauty deserved all 5 Academy Awards including best picture, because this is truly \\"Spec-tac-ular\\".
B00003CXE7|4.0|GLADIATOR is riveting cinema, the kind of movie that grabs you by the throat.  The stakes are high, the ancient Roman Empire stunningly recreated, and the body of Maximus is . . . well, buff Russell Crowe.  Because of the fast-paced sequences, you won't find yourself bored, or even with enough time to ponder the sometimes confusing details.  (For example, if Maximus had never seen Rome, how did he know Lucilla and Commodus as children, as Marcus Aurelius states early in the film?)  But this is not an intellectual movie, so why bother to figure things out?  This is pure entertainment, as much gory spectacle as the Roman gladiator contests in the Colliseum.  Add a wronged Roman General (Crowe), an effeminate, incest-craving, and slimy new Caesar (Joaquin Phoenix, who portrays Commodus so well his screen presence gave me the creeps), his beautiful and scheming sister Lucilla (Connie Nielson), and a bunch of slaves who band together behind the mysterious Spaniard to save their lives on the largest life-and-death stage, the gladiator arena, and you have Ridley Scott's Gladiator.  You will be rooting for Maximus to exact his revenge no matter how peace-loving you thought you were.<br />I found it ironic - and a little self-referential - when a Roman senator declares that people will love you if you bring them death. This film thrives on slaughter, from start to finish, as it portrays the brutal side of the Roman Empire.  Although the butchering is not as graphic as in some films, avoid this film if you can't stand violence.  Children, too, should be steered clear of this one.  Take the rating seriously.
B00003CXE7|4.0|In the year 2000, when movies seemed emotionless and stale, thousands of movie-goers cried out for one movie, one that would satisfy their long-parched taste for something on a large, epic scale. Ridley Scott's latest film, &quot;Gladiator,&quot; takes a stab (literally) at this need, and succeeds for the most part. In terms of scale and wonder, the film is a very impressive and awe-inspiring achievement, one that leaps onto the screen with a roar instead of a whimper. <br />In terms of keeping audiences involved in its plot, there is something left to be desired. While the movie aspires to be like such epics as &quot;Braveheart,&quot; it doesn't have the same emotional pull as that earlier film, nor is it as engrossing. You will drop your jaws over the spectacle of the film, but its soul will leave you untouched. <br />Taking historical time periods and working in a fictitious storyline can have its ups and downs. Here, the result is mostly a success, supposedly based on records from the actual days of Rome, about a man who started out as a general and went from being enslaved to being the most renowned gladiator to ever fight in front of an audience. <br />That general is Maximus (Russell Crowe), who, after a satisfying defeat of a Germanian army, earns him the role of successor to the emperor's throne after his forthcoming death. That death is expedited by the conniving Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix), whose jealous rage over the emperor's decision leads him to having Maximus murdered. Of course, what kind of movie would allow that? He escapes, becomes the property of a man who puts his slaves into the arena for gladiator challenges. <br />Maximus sees this as a window back to Rome, where he may once again face his rival. But it is here that the story begins to place unneeded subplots and contrivances, and as a result, it loses its touch with the audience. <br />One of those subplots is a love relationship between Maximus and Lucilla (Connie Nielsen), Commodus's sister, which doesn't really take effect until his return to Rome. There was never any real reason to believe in a spark between the two of them in the beginning: Maximus had a wife and child to return home to (though they were later murdered), and Lucilla seems too devoted to her brother to be involved with anyone else. It seems as if the movie needs more emotional strings in the final third, and tries to throw something together, hoping for success. <br />An overabundance of fight sequences seems to drown the movie in testosterone, lessening any emotional impact we may feel at the end. Two sequences is enough for us to gather in what the days of Rome were all about, and each sequence is beautifully choreographed and staged for some very authentic and intense battle images. You may hold your breath in the beginning, but after a while, it tends to become redundant. <br />That's not to say the movie is a flop. By all means, no, for it is a breathtaking period piece that showcases just exactly what Rome was all about in the past. When I hear the word &quot;Rome,&quot; one word comes to mind: colossal, and the film portrays it as such, from the stunning visual effects used to create the Colosseum, to the overall spectacle embodied in the costume designs, and even the score from composer Hans Zimmer, which, standing alone, could create the film on its own. <br />The cast also fits nicely into their roles. Russell Crowe is perfect as Maximus, the ideal hero for one of those roles that the actor is born to play from day one. Connie Nielsen is honest and convincing in her role as Lucilla, even if her character has little to do but watch as her hero faces certain death (and even then, her performance is high-caliber). Joaquin Phoenix is chillingly effective as a cold-blooded tyrant who is unconcerned with the welfare of his empire, but more involved with what their opinion of him is. <br />&quot;Gladiator&quot; is not completely heartless, but it lacks the same emotional intrigue of past epics that possess that same scale and scope of events. It's battle and fight sequences become a way of life by movie's end, but they are, nonetheless, visually stunning, as is the overall design of the film and the equally impressive acting. I was not moved to tears, but was left with a look of wonderment.
0380973634|5.0|Croup and Vandemere still scare the daylights out of me!  Not too cool when trying to maintain and insist to your 3 small children not to be afraid of the dark.  If I think of those two, I'll run over myself trying to get up the stairs in the dark.<br />This book transported me in a way that hadn't happened since I was a child.  (That book was Timothy Travels by Margaret Storey, excellent).  I think Neil Gaiman is a genius.
B000056HUA|5.0|Not as splashy as ELP's Brain Salad Surgery DVD Audio but still a quantum leap over any CD version I've ever heard (including the new remasters). There is no audible hiss; the guitars and drums are crystal clear. The Lizard King sounds like he''s in your room. My only gripe is the underutilization of the subwoofer channel. However, this is a must buy.
B000000P11|5.0|The Chameleons should only be compared to great bands in conversation.  If you like great lyrics, this is probably a band with the best lyrics I've ever come across.  The album is very positive in the sense that it delves into very personal issues like lonliness, despair, dependence and somehow reassures you that those emotions are ok.  Strangetimes is an ethereal album that will take you to many places and provoke many emotions.  It is humourous, cerebrile, sad, happy, and most of all inspirational...
B00005614N|5.0|This compilation of altered versions of the two jazz giants respective classics is a must have for any fan of music. Its af if Bethooven and Bach composed together put better. The mastery of these two musicans alone as the great innovators of modern jazz would be enough, but listening to the two of htem jam during the golden ages of their lives is something very special. Both Ellingtons beautiful meolodies and Armstrong's souful scratchy voice inspire any listner. A must Have.
B00003CXE6|5.0|I thought the movie &quot;Gladiator&quot; was the BEST movie I've seen in a long time. It kept me paying attention the whole movie and the dialogue was great. All of the actors did a wonderful job portraying their characters. Ridley Scott did a fantastic job directing. I give this movie a well-deserved 5 stars and I think everyone should see it.
B00002Z88D|1.0|THIS CD SUCKS. NEW METALLICA SUCKS, CREED SUCKS, AND IF YOU BUY THIS CD YOU SUCK. IF YOU WISH TO BUY A METAL CD BUY AN ICED EARTH CD, TRUE POWER METAL NOT THIS CRAPPY   PANSY NEW METALLICA CRAP. I AGAIN EMPHASIZE THAT S$M SUCKS, LOAD SUCKS, RELOAD SUCKS, AND GARAGE INC SUCKS.IF I COULDE GIVE THIS CD '0' STARS I WOULD, THIS IS THE PANSYIST PEACE OF CRAP YOU COULD BUY. FROM NOW ON I SAY THE BAND RENAMES THEMSELF WIMPICA SO THE WORD METEL IS NO LONGER IN THEIR NAME AS ITS NO LONGEER IN THEIR MUSIC!
B000056VIY|3.0|J.Lo's quest to conquer so many mediums of entertainment isunparalleled. No other diva-or otha diva, with the exception ofLopez comes to mind who is able to straddle-that is, in the figurativesense-both mediums to such professional advantage: the Revloncommericals, the films-the latest of which is The Wedding Planner,which in itself is a seamless testimony to the art of the Lopezmulti-media cross-pollinating marketing strategy where the lead singleLove Don't Cost a Thing to her 'J.Lo' set is also a device toadvertise the movie-by calculated coincidence, of course. Lopez doesnot rule any particular one of these mediums, however. Themulti-platinum success of the non-descript; On the Six; was itself astudy in how to make a Spanish/Rhythm-crossover debut that would havemass appeal without catering to any trend; it had overtly Latinonumbers coupled with funked-up Puffy numbers, and a middle-of-the-roadDiana Ross remake Promise Me You'll Try that on paper appeared to beenough to entice the masses. On the heels of the Latin invasion, Lopezseem posied to dominate the charts without any serious femalerival. Innocuous and bland, the material on. On the Six did not affordLopez the same dent that the  charasmatic showman Ricky Martin wasawarded; the song made the man and the man made the song, conversely;the woman could not make the song and the song did not make the woman.As for her movies, The Cell was an eye-catching objet d'art in whichJ. Lo  was yet another piece of scenery to sell the paranormalthriller.She was a mere player-albeit an instrumental one, not a lead actressin the  true sense of Streep or Close, and the same applied to herforay into popular music with '99s. On the Six, she was part of thelandscape: her thin voice wrapped around bland arrangements a la Feeling So Good that were obligatory Puffy or Rodney Jerkins number with no dibs to the stake she wanted to claim-a way to make us buy it more than superficially,in a way that would present her less as a prepackaged marketing tool who was plainly existing to satisfy a corporate end, and finally to establish her as an artist. Of  her latest set J. Lo thesame may not be said; one may find the origins of certain cuts on J.Locontained within its predecessor, but the craft has been honed-notmerely by Lopez but the brigade of producers as well.The bubbly and buoyant I'm Real recalls Feelin' So Good, but thebounty of producers display an old-school flair that would makeLisa-Lisa,  to whom Lopez is personally paying homage,proud. Jimmy Jamand Terry Lewis of Janet Jackson fame- whose music, voice and style isalso a heavy element at play-provide the template of style andproduction circa 1987's Cherelle with the beat-heavy street savvyattitude of a more current Combs release. It would appear that the Lopez-Combs union has yielded sweeter fruits than the media has led us to believe in view of the allegations. On this set and Dream's new set, Puffy has made a concerted effort to define himself as more than a sampler, but as an originator. Bag and Arthur-of Samantha Mumba and 98* fame-also contribute Play, another old-school tribute to those who paved the way-again Lisa Lisa of Let the Beat Hit 'Em, another ode to DJs and house parties.<br />The inclination to be taken more seriously as an artist led togreat speculation about the set in the fall of '2000: Ray of LightWilliam Orbit was said to be a collaborator on the then-titled APassionate Journey, but the work did not make the set. However,Walkingon Sunshine is a rousing approximation of the result. Ambiently tribalsynths not only evoke the atmosphere and imagery of the video for Waiting for Tonight, but the precepts for the music lie in Waiting for Tonight as well-noteably, the Hex Hector  remix of the video. And again, the pervasive fetish with regard to  the work of Janet Jackson  forms the identity of the cut: Empty from Janet's Velvet Rope found tribal music with an accompanying Rooo from an indigenous South Pacific aboriginal type etching the escapist ode to on-line dalliances; The blissed-out Walking on Sunshine employs thesame technique aping the scheme using a Latin-American or Cuban vibe.That's Not Me whips to a No More Tears (Enough is Enough) rapaciousfrendy in its chorus  amidst a very up-to-the-moment clattering drum'n bass that positions Lopez as disco diva of '2001-if not a vocalmatch to Barbara Streisand or Donna Summer.  Despite the strides made with respect to the production of the set, Lopez's voice is still thin, but surprisingly is more in-sync with slower productions where wailing or overly-emotive belts are not required such as on the  quiet-storm Come Over or Secretly  again a laJanet. Contrastly,  on Love Don't Cost a Thing, the bridge that callsfor her to reach A Thing, a thing, yeah yeah proves to reveal thetruth of her limited range. <br /> Further, the writers and Lopez occassionally engage J. Lo inlaughingly abortive attempts at songwriting that by no means indicateshe is at fault: it was a collaboration among a bevy ofsongwriters-name Ain't it Funny and Love Don't Cost a Thing. If I'm gonna floss I got. Is this some figurative expression with which only peoplein more metropolitan audiences are familiar, or is to be readliterally-that J. Lo may spend the night, but she certainly will not bum floss the next morning or that night?  To ponder further is the incongruity of the content of the cut: in one breath Mercedes Benz is the object of contention, the next is floss. The ostentatiousbaroquely epic intro the cut is even more ponderous in wake of what follows.
B00000JGHM|5.0|If there is a movie that could be consitered perfect, then Heat is it. Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, Val Kilmer, Ashley Judd, everyone in this movie is great, and their characters seem as real as people you might see on the street. Even the minor characters and all the detailed subplots are well done, and they all add up to one of the best tales ever told on camera. And the ending...well all's I'll say is that this movie actually got me choked up at the end. And I never get that way when I watch a movie. That's how good Heat is.<br />Buy, beg, borrow, or steal to get this movie. You won't regret it.
B00003CWTI|1.0|There seems to be no neutral on this movie.  After hearing people I respect rave about it, I gave it a try.  I found it to be long and boring, but mostly petentious.  Granted, Magnolia has some fine music, some fine performances and a couple cute twists - or maybe they just seemed cute in the blizzard of mind numbing &quot;over the top&quot; scenes.  The one positive is that if you see it on DVD with a hardened guide, the movie can be condensed into 10 minutes. Then you can watch the documentary stuff, which shows you the criminal waste of film in progress.
0780625129|5.0|I rented this movie expecting a badly-made and decently-acted flick that would kill two hours. What I got was one of the best movies that I have ever seen, with a hard-hitting, shocking, and very emotional lesson about hatred and racism.<br />I agree with an earlier reviewer. This movie should be shown in high schools, because if one piece of literature can steer kids away from hatred for a different race, this is it.<br />At the risk of sounding overtly cheesy or cliche', I feel like I'm a better person for having watched this movie, and that I've learned something from this movie.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Firstly, this is the first movie to win the big Oscar for best film of the year that is so coveted in the movie business that wasn't ABSOLUTE GUTTER TRASH in a long time.<br />This movie is great. Kevin Spacey is brilliant in this as he is in about any film. He plays a man, Lester Burnham, who is just fed up with his sedated life style and how everybody around him just cares about monetary values and proof of their own wealth. This movie is an insight into why people maybe do things they do and a possible explanation for human behavior.<br />This is a very sad movie, and a very sick and twisted one in points, you have to watch with an open mind, just because it appears in this movie it isn't meant to follow a stereotype, it's just there. You have to &quot;Look closer&quot; as the movie slogan goes.<br />5 Billion/5.<br />This movie changed my life.
0684833395|4.0|Book Description: Catch-22 is a tremendous blend of irony and satire.  The book pokes fun at the paradoxes of everyday life in the military as it follows the tour of a young pilot, John Yossarian.  Yossarian spends his tour of duty going from his station in Pianosa and the city of Rome, where the men meet with Italian prostitutes.  While stationed Yossarian has to deal with the loss of many friends and the paradox of the mysterious catch-22, until he finally decides to leave using any means necessary.<br />Review: The satire that Heller uses in Catch-22 is enough by itself to satisfy the reader.  However, he also includes an interesting and action-packed storyline that is enough to make any reader enjoy the book.  Heller's outlook on life, as expressed by the protagonist, offers a unique perspective on its irony.  The use of a mysterious military directive, catch-22, is how Heller describes the irony best.  For instance, Yossarian cannot be grounded from flight unless he asks to be due to insanity.  However, according to catch-22, asking to be grounded demonstrates an appreciation for life, which constitutes sanity.<br />The only downfall to Catch-22 is Heller's extreme use of stream-of-consciousness, the use of jumping through time as the protagonist remembers events.  It is very confusing in the beginning of the book and makes the book difficult to start.  However, as the book continues and more events are included, it becomes easier to establish a true timeline, and the book can fully be appreciated for the marvelous literary work that it is.
B00003CWTI|5.0|I'm not going to write a lot about this because if you write about anything about this movie you will spoil the plot.<br />This movie is a series of different mini plots that tie into one big picture. There are two people dying, a cop who's having trouble on the job, a drug addict, a game show host (one of the people who are dying), very very intelligent kids, a man who used to be a very intelligent kid, blah blah blah, i could go on for days.<br />This movie does not feel at all like the time duration, and anybody who is panning this film isn't watching it close enough. The writing in this movie even made Tom Cruise seem brilliant, and his speeches in this movie are full of character, they flat out rock.<br />Get this movie buddy.<br />5 stars/5<br />The bottom line is this movie is a great insight into the human mind. It shows you what people really are thinking instead of what you think they are thinking.
0446605409|5.0|Nelson DeMille is the finest contemporary writer of suspense thrillers.  His books are gripping tales which stay with a reader long after the stories have come to an end.  One reason for this is DeMille's impeccable research--though his plots are fictional, the premises always are fact-based.<br />In PLUM ISLAND, DeMille sets the mystery on the very real, very dangerous, government germ repository located in the Long Island Sound--within ten miles proximity of millions of people.  That's real, and that single detail takes this thriller out of the ordinary.  In the process of solving the crimes, DeMille offers plenty of details about Plum Island (most of them terrifying in their implications)and a fair amount of true Long Island history, dating back to colonial times, when the region was part of the second town of the Plymouth Colony.<br />Combined with DeMille's facile writing style, the trail of murders he has concocted blended with actual fact makes for one of the two best thrillers on the market.  The only contender for that title is the sequel to PLUM ISLAND.
B00000IQC8|5.0|Okay, down to business.<br />Clerks was made with 28,000 dollars, written and directed by Kevin Smith, a genius in his own time. This film stars Kevin's friends working between a convenience store and a video store.<br />There are 2 main characters<br />Dante-Always complaining but reluctant to protest he gets sucked into one of the worst work days of his entire life. He finds out that his ex-girlfriend from high school was about to get married but decides to come back to town to see him, he has to make a decision between the girl he used to love and the girl he thinks he loves now.<br />Randall-The wise cracking video store register jockey who spends most of his time sleeping and watching dirty movies or making funny walks around the store.<br />I don't even want to spoil the plot to those of you who haven't seen it. This is the best film ever made. Period. The dialogue is brilliant, the acting is great, the script is superb, i can watch this a billion times over. The commentary track is good and all the DVD extras are awesome.<br />5 billion stars/5.
B00003CWTI|2.0|I adored Boogie Nights and thought the cast and director could only top it.  Unfortunately this was not the case.  It was too long and bloated.  Some of the scenes and characters were very engaging but the interlinked stories did not add up to anything desperately interesting and the build up did not lead to a decent climax. <br />You cannot beat 2 DVD disc special additions for learning about a film inside and out.  The second disk seemed to reveal a pretty amateur produtcion effort.  I wish it was better but it wasn't. Take a look at something else.
B000050XEI|4.0|If you are an Enya fan, this album will not suprise you.  It is just as good as any of the other Enya albums without straying from the musical formule that has made her so well known.  The music is beautiful, deep and rich.  Definately what we've come to expect from this talented musician.<br />The method is definately defined, but I wonder if it is too much of a process than an artistic development.<br />If you are new to Enya (or have never heard Enya), I would start with either Watermark or Memory of Trees, however.  There isn't anything new in this release that makes it stand out from the others.
0767819594|4.0|I loved this movie.  It has intrigue, fabulous dialogue, great characters and is utterly compelling.  The sexual tension between Ryan Phillippe and Sarah Michelle Gellar is rivetting.  All the characters are interesting and believable.  I am surprised at some of the harsh criticism at this film.  Okay, it may not be an award-winning masterpiece, but it is truly entertaining.  It is smart and sexy!  <br />I think Reese Witherspoon gives the best performance of the cast, and am surprised at the reviewers here who disliked her. She was my favourite part of the film. She plays Annette with perfect subtlety, portraying her as a girl who is virtuous and wholesome, yet is neither naive nor smugly self-satisfied.  Some people here have singled out Gellar as the best performance in the film, but I would disagree.  She is adequate in the role, but a bit obvious.  Witherspoon's talent on the other hand shines through here.
B000056HOZ|5.0|If you listen and love Bruce, then this is a must have. The days of real videos being played on MTV or VH1 are over. This DVD is really well done and includes the original Video Anthology and goes on to include such hits as Human Touch, Better Days, and The Ghost of Tom Joad.<br />My only wish is that more of TGOTJ material was included as Bruce is one hell of a performer, even when performing alone.<br />A nice feature is &quot;Lift Me Up&quot; is played when the credits roll.
B000031XCR|5.0|I never really appreciated Celine Dion until a few years ago when my wife and I got into a car accident. I was much more seriously injured than my wife was so I was taken to a hospital that was almost 100 miles away from her.<br />While in the hospital I thought of my wife and Celine's song &quot;The Power of Love&quot;. This song really helped me through a tough time.<br />All The Way..A Decade of Song showcases Celine Dion's incredible talent. There isn't a bad song on this CD. Maybe it's just a little more personal with me.
B000056VIY|5.0|J. Lo has done it again!  Not only has she created another wonderful CD, she mas made a better one.  This CD is definitely better than her first CD.  Love Don't Cost A Thing is an awesome single with great beats.  J. Lo, great job!
B00001NFCY|2.0|You know, there's nothing wrong with copying a load of early nineties grunge bands to form part of the new-grunge elite that's around at the moment. ... Nope, Creed manage to do that all by themselves with an awful midsection that goes: \\"10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1\\"...and then repeats it. The song is great and then suddenly the lyrics go straight back to nursery school. But like I said, the fact that it's all really similar to stuff you've heard before doesn't make it bad. `What If' is fantastic, almost the same as STP's `Wicked Garden', but worth the price of admission alone, and `Beautiful' is a blisteringly angsty number that deserves to be labelled grunge, and `Say I', though repeating itself far too much, is a sign of good things to come. But the album, like the first song, quickly goes downhill when Creed inexplicably end their ... of STP and move into Pearl Jam territory. Big mistake.<br />Creed are perfect to be the next STP, hard and heavy and slightly weird, but Pearl Jam is far too stylised a commodity to copy. From song 5 onwards they try to be moody and, even worse, profound, but when the level of lyrical understanding is, well, back to the nursery school again (profundity-by-numbers) and the guitars are soft but incredibly dreary (think `Black' or `Indifference' but without the tempo changes and harmonies) you scream at them to stick to what they clearly do best. But they don't. And when `Arms Wide Open' comes on, it's too syrupy to listen to (\\"tears of joy stream down my face\\"). Eddie Vedder's emotional voice and proven integrity, coupled with Stone Gossard and Mike McCready's spot-on guitar playing, are what make Pearl Jam, and imitating it with a voice better suited to angst than mood, and with a guitarist more adept with pace than rhythm, is invariably a bad idea. And I just couldn't believe that singer Stapp had any depth to him whatsoever because the lyrics are so blatant and so overtly spiritual (\\"I spent some time with Nature\\"/\\"There's a peace inside us all\\") that they feel completely made-up to make him look deep and spiritual. At the core of even the lightest Pearl Jam songs there was a heart of utter darkness; here, even when you manage to find the core, it's quite light and chirpy, and does not fit with the music at all.<br />Creed aren't a bad band but fall way short of what they could and should be doing. The angsty songs are great, but the moody songs are far too light in lyrical content, emotional depth and subtle musical power. Fans of STP should definitely check out songs 2-4, but I wouldn't recommend buying the whole album. If you want moodiness, stick to Pearl Jam (Ten, Vs., and Vitalogy), if you want angst STP's `Core' is great. It will be interesting to see what Creed's next offering is like, but `Human Clay' definitely doesn't fill the void left by the death of grunge years ago.e inside us all\\") that they feel completely made-up to make him look deep and spiritual. At the core of even the lightest Pearl Jam songs there was a heart of utter darkness; here, even when you manage to find the core, it's quite light and chirpy, and does not fit with the music at all.<br />Creed aren't a bad band but fall way short of what they could and should be doing. The angsty songs are great, but the moody songs are far too light in lyrical content, emotional depth and subtle musical power. Fans of STP should definitely check out songs 2-4, but I wouldn't recommend buying the whole album. If you want moodiness, stick to Pearl Jam (Ten, Vs., and Vitalogy), if you want angst STP's `Core' is great. It will be interesting to see what Creed's next offering is like, but `Human Clay' definitely doesn't fill the void left by the death of grunge years ago.
B000056VIY|5.0|I was quite suprised when I first listined to this album. I was expecting a more mellow Lopez as we heard in 'Love Don't Cost A Thing' But I was wrong. The album has a distinct RnB feel to it, while still showcasing Jennifer's vocal talents. Play, for example has a definate RnB theme, though the music doesn't take away any shine from Jennifer. So I suggest If you liked the first album, but were looking for a more upbeat, dancy album, this is for you.
B000051Y0G|5.0|i recently bought this for the addition of the 3 bonus live tracks and couldnt have been any more happier all the songs like she-bop and time after time still sound great so its worth it to buy again and relive the fun like i had!
0380804557|4.0|With or without the beautiful illustrations by Charles Vess, this is an enjoyable tale. Though it reads like a fairy tale, this book should appeal to more mature readers. Gaiman doesn't shy away from the darker or more risque topics if they are necessary to the story, and at the same time, doesn't overuse these topics gratuitously.<br /><br /> Stardust tells the story of Tristran Thorn, beginning with his father's early adulthood in Wall, the town that lies next to the wall that separates the realm of Faerie from the world of humans. When Tristran becomes a young man, he promises the most beautiful girl in Wall that he will go and fetch the star they just saw fall, if she will give him anything he desires, namely her hand in marriage, when he returns. She takes him up on the promise and so he goes into the land of Faerie to get it. Unbeknownst to Tristran, there are other people seeking the star, all for their own separate reasons. And none of them have really considered how the star feels about all this. On his quest, Tristran learns compassion and courage, and grows up a little somewhere along the way.<br /><br /> Stardust is a very light read. The writing style is very comfortable and natural, and this book makes a great selection to read aloud with a loved one. The motivations of all the characters are well-reasoned, and at the end, the reader feels compassion even for the most wicked of Tristran's competitors. Each of the characters seeking the star has a well-developed history and personality, all with a minimum of prose. Gaiman blends humor, romance, suspense, and action into a thoroughly enjoyable story that lets you immerse yourself in its fantasy world, if only for a little while.
B00005214X|5.0|Harrison had already proved his songwriting worth as a Beatle during their final few years, a growth that culminated in  his two dazzling contributions to &quot;Abbey Road&quot;.  Even so, it came as something of a surprise when his first proper solo work, the triple-album set &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;, managed to both artistically and commercially outshine the initial solo efforts of Lennon and (especially) McCartney, who had belittled his efforts while still in the group.  Drawing from an enormous back catalog of rejected Beatle tracks (a list so huge that outside of the 16 which made it onto the album, a further 10 or so--including such gems as &quot;Beautiful Girl&quot;, &quot;Mother Divine&quot; and &quot;I Live For You&quot;--remained in the vaults), the dark horse and his willing co-producer Phil Spector fashioned an album of monumental reach, epic scope and lilting emotional beauty which, thirty years later, remains not only Harrison's crowning achievement but arguably still the best<br />album from an ex-Fab.  Tracks like &quot;Beware Of Darkness&quot;, &quot;Run Of The Mill&quot; and &quot;Isn't It A Pity&quot; are fashioned out of spiritual lyrics, silky vocals and cosmic orchestral arrangments which combine to create music that relieved many a heroin addict from his or her affliction, so powerful was their effect. The album seemed effortless and instantly memorable, the third disc of somewhat plodding jam sessions being recognized for what it was (a free bonus not to be considered part of the actual  album itself).<br />As Harrison states in the remaster's new liner notes, he now wishes to re-do the songs sans the famous &quot;wall of sound&quot;; he gives us a sample of what he means with a rerecorded &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot;, which substitutes the strings for more gospel-ish backing vocals and intricate slide guitar work. The acoustic guitars still glisten, and while not an improvement over the original, it is worthwhile nonetheless.  Thankfully, the glorious wall of sound is still there on all the old tracks, remastered to sound like the original vinyl for the first time (and perhaps even a bit better); fans have always complained that the mix of the album seemed a bit muddy, and this is as clear as its going to get.  I always thought the reverb to be essential to the sound of the album, and here it sounds better than ever.  The rest of the bonus tracks are fine, although they could have put on more: &quot;I Live For You&quot; features a lilting pedal steel guitar part, while the acoustic demo for &quot;Let It Down&quot; is given an extra guitar overdub for maximum soothing effect.   The &quot;Apple Jam&quot; sessions have been resequenced, and they do sound better in this context (the synth effects in &quot;I Remember Jeep&quot; come out best here).  As for the original brown cover being replaced by the concrete and nuclear reactors in the booklet--some say it's Harrison being cynical, but cynicism is always the last refuge of the idealist, no?)  Harrison's cynicism here is best expressed as a little joke, as he says,  although they still should've reprinted the original brown cover as well!
B000051VWW|5.0|Lovers Rock is a sublime piece of minimalist soul. The raw emotions. That cool, melancholy voice. Never has heartache sounded better. The playing is restrained, the arrangements spartan. All the better to highlight that amazingly soulful voice. Her range isn't wide, but her voice is a finely calibrated instrument for conveying emotion. You will never find Whitney or Mariah or Christina Aguilera singing with such beautiful subtlety. When I hear Sade, I think of Astrud Gilberto, the seminal Brazilian bossa nova vocalist who did so much with such a simple voice. Now the big question is: will Ms. Adu tour, or has she again secluded herself? Someone please tell her she's too young to be behaving like Nina Simone.
0060987464|5.0|Whether a fan, or a critic, this is a good read. You either believe he is the anti christ, or an act,; but the &quot;story&quot; is a good one, explaining how he became what he is. Perhaps its a historical document, perhaps its fiction....who cares. The book, as a story is excellent.....get it!
B000002H2H|5.0|First of all if your not even a fan of Metallica you should deffinetly own this album. It is simply brillant. Every song is good and worth listening to. It has some great songs like the heavy thrash metal of &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; to the slower more calmed down &quot;Fade to Black&quot;. The intro of the album &quot;Fight Fire with Fire&quot; will tell you what the albim is all about. A heavy thrash record with bits and pieces of lighter not as heavy songs. All in all this is a great record. I recommend it not just Metallica fans but fans of hard thrash metal.
006016848X|5.0|This is a humorous but helpful look at the psychological differences between men and women. I especially like the chapter called &quot;How to Ask for Support and Get It.&quot; I've quoted from that chapter in my book, &quot;A Housekeeper Is Cheaper Than a Divorce: Why You CAN Afford to Hire Help and How to Get It.&quot; While I was researching my book, many people asked me, &quot;But how can I convince my husband that hiring help is a good idea?&quot; John Gray's advice worked well for me, so I recommend it to my own readers. My favorite bit of advice is &quot;Be direct.&quot; Overloaded women sometimes expect their husbands to notice how exhausted they are and offer to help. It works better to state the problem clearly and tell him that you've got a suggested solution.
B00003CXP1|5.0|I first read 'Requiem' my freshman year of college. Until I saw this movie, I did not think anyone could ever do it justice. Despite what critics say, this movie is not about heroin. It is not 'Trainspotting.' This movie is about love in all of its forms-- love of the living, love of the lost, and love of substance. It shows just how quickly want can turn to need and up can flip to down. Ellen Burstyn (Yes, the mommy from 'Exorcist.')is phenomenal, delivering an Oscar-worthy performance. Marlon Wayans proves equally impressive, shedding his 'Marlon Brothers' and 'Scary Movie' personas to play his part with a talent and beauty few actors still possess. This tale, tragic as anything Shakespeare ever created, will make your eyes water, your heart ache and your hand cover your mouth. But your head will not turn. Spine-tingling and gut-wrenching as this film may be, you will not be able to move away from its quality. The tragedy of this film, however, will never compare to the lack of recognition it will receive at the Oscars.
B000002UV9|5.0|As a big fan of 80's brand of heavy metal, after hearing my first song by Queensryche, which was Sign Of The Times from Frontier, I was not much into them.  However, I decided to purchase the album Empire just out of interest.  I never regretted making that decision.  Geoff Tate's voice is outstanding, and the guitar work, while not technically difficult, is very inspired, unlike some 80's guitar and most of today's guitar.  Songs are well-written, not repetitive, not mundane.  As well, the drum beats are varied, unlike in much of rock music where the same beat is used in every song.  And of course, like on any great progressive rock album, bass lines and the keyboard parts don't just mimic guitar parts, they enhance them, adding flavor and uniqueness.  You will not regret acquiring this album.
B00004SYWZ|4.0|This is actually my second review of this album.  My first one wasn't posted for some reason, but perhaps its for the best because I only gave three stars in that review.  After several more listenings I've decided to bump this ...... up another star.  This is not the same old A-Ha that made their debut in the 80's.  For some this will be a major disappointment.  It was to me at first.  But to many others it will be a definite positive.  The group sound a lot more mature on this album than they ever have and Morten Harket's voice is still hauntingly beautiful.  He's probably the most amazing male singer I've ever heard!  Even though many of the tracks are softer and not quite as upbeat as past hits, this gem is still laced with a touch of the band's magic that is only refined and more subtle.  The title track starts the album well enough and gets things rolling.  The next, &quot;Little Black Heart&quot; is dark and haunting, yet enchanting at the same time.  &quot;Velvet&quot; is a fairly good track too, but also a bit too trite and can get annoying after a while.  But then &quot;Summer Moved On&quot; moves in and picks up the pace, taking us back to the 80's for an awesome four minutes.  Harket shows off his vocals in this particular number as well as he did in &quot;Take On Me&quot; and he really shows that he still has what it takes to rock.  My two favorites on the album are &quot;Let You Win&quot; and the unbelievably beautiful &quot;You'll Never Get Over Me&quot;.  With enchanting numbers like these its hard to see how anyone could resist this masterpiece.  It only took me two listens to really appreciate it.  A-Ha is still one of my favorite groups of the 80's and are still going strong.  Recommended.
B00004XOWM|1.0|Once again, Limp Bizkit proves that they are just a bunch of sell outs. After &quot;3 Doller Y'all&quot; it all just went down hill. If you own this, you problem just heard of Limp Bizkit and don't realize that in a few days, you will be begging to have your ears cut off so that you cant here &quot;My Generation&quot; anymore. Just burn it. Burn it to f***ing hell. Limp Bizkit doesn't deserve any airplay at all. F*** Limp Bizkit!!
B000024D4R|5.0|Animals- an album that I have heard referred to many times as the 'forgotten album'.  I truly believe this is one of floyd's best.  Waters writes great, moving lyrics on this album, and David Gilmour plays some amazing guitar solo's on songs like 'dogs' and 'Pigs, 3 different ones'.  Pigs on the wing 1 is a slow acoustic work that really sets the mood of the album(Pigs on the wing 2 brings you back to the end) While Dogs, Sheep, and Pigs are all long great music pieces.  All in all, Pink Floyd combines great talent and creativity to create another hit album.
6301247485|3.0|My english lit class this year as we read the book, and I have to say I was pretty disappointed overall.  But like I said, it did have some high points:<br />Sam Waterson was perfect for Nick.  It was like he was born for the role.  His narroration of Fitzgerald's work makes the words even more beautiful.  The actor playing Tom is also perfect, capturing Tom's greed and malice.<br />So what went wrong?  Here goes: Mia Farrow gets Daisy's flaky personality, but then goes way overboard.  You're ready to punch her lights out in the first 20 minutes.  You wonder time and again why in the world Gatsby would ever devote his life to her.   Then there's Robert Redford.  Is it just me, or does he seem dead in this movie?  He never expresses any emotion.  But I guess Gatsby is a tough character to play.<br />Overall, I think this book is really difficult to make into a movie.  I definitely give them credit for trying.  I recommend seeing this version for Tom and Nick's portrayal as characters.
B000002NC4|5.0|Im not the type of person who likes sitting around, wasting aday away. That has to be one of my biggest pet peeves. One day lastsummer I was doing exactly that. So i decided to put on a BTS cd thati had not yet heard. The cd was called Perfect From Now On. Once DougMartch`s vocals and crafty guitar work were running flouently throughmy ears i felt as if I had nowhere better to be. I was perfectlycontent with just sitting... and listening to the album. If you mustknow the details, this cd has more mellow tracks than upbeat ones. Butlike all the other bts albums, the tracks are put togetherstrategically well. Because of this the cd flows really well andshould definetely fulfill whatever expectations you have for a goodBTS album.
B00003CXN4|5.0|I thought this movie was incredible. It was so deep and powerful and just amazing. It's the kind of movie that leaves you thinking about it for days. The cast was awesome, I especially thought Topher Grace (Seth) did an excellent job. The different plots interwined beautifully and the hand-held camera work was the perfect touch. This is definitely one of my favorite movies.
B00000K31Q|5.0|&quot;10 Things I hate about You&quot; is the best teen comedy since &quot;Ferris Buehler's Day Off&quot;.  This is why I love it:<br />1. It is a perfect attempt on a hip version of &quot;The Taming of The Shrew.&quot;<br />2. The teen actors put on an encore preformance.<br />3. It's very funny.<br />4. Larisa Oleynick is finally maturing from Nickelodeon's show, &quot;Alex Mack.&quot;<br />5. Not only is she maturing, she's is sooo fine!<br />6. Joseph Gordan-Levitt is also maturing from &quot;Third Rock From the Sun&quot;.<br />7. Juilia Stiles is an extremely sexy dancer.<br />8. She is also sooo fine!<br />9. Even though I'm a boy, I think that the soundtrack has some good music on it.<br />10. Julia Stiles flashes a teacher.<br />So all you teen comedy fans, get this movie, you will not be dissapointed.  My dad, who is 50, loves this movie.  Buy it, don't rent it first, just buy it, you'll love it.
B00005214X|5.0|When i listen to CD's after being remastered, i usally dont think that theres that much of a diff. being the large beatles fan that i am, i usally pick up a copt for the ol'collection regaurdless just to have it. but as soon as i popped this one in, i could tell such a large difference. as for the &quot;my sweet lord 2000&quot;. it sounds great. nice and bright vocals ( even thuogh harrison still seems to try and sound like dylan as far as style) and the guitar work is supurb. it was a great calabborition between his son dahanni and himself. well worth the almost 7 yr absence of him and studio work. the unreleased track &quot; i live for you&quot; is well worth the cd also. so, if your a george fan like me pick it up, if not and your just courious, go to napster. i give it a 5 all the way!
6305426651|5.0|If you haven't seen this movie, what are you waiting for?! &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot; is a heartwarming, emotional, uplifting story that will leave you in awe of Roberto Beningni's powerful acting and directing. I've heard it called a &quot;chick flick&quot;--what an inaccurated description. My 30-year old, muscle-bound husband even got choked up. He recommends this film to everyone and so do I.  Don't worry about the subtitles; the message of this movie is so powerful, we forgot we were even reading. Don't delay, buy or rent this film today!
6305499365|5.0|This movie depicts the corporate world to a Tee.  I'm a programmer myself and some of this stuff hits close to home.  Fortunately for me my job is a LOT better than this guy's.
B000002J2B|3.0|It's clear from the reviews here of this record that Genesis fans  divide fairly cleanly into 'With' and 'Without Gabriel' factions.  TRICK OF THE TAIL and this record marked the inflexion point which separated those two eras.<br />TRICK OF THE TAIL marked the liberation of the band's songwriting capabilities because Gabriel's departure meant they were free to write the melody first, and the lyrics second.  (During the Gabriel era, he would usually write the words without having any idea of the music that the rest of the band wanted to put to them.)  But the melody-first compositional technique only works if you can come up with the melodies in the first place.  And TRICK was overflowing with them.  But I sense that they were drying up when it came to WIND AND WUTHERING.<br />What went wrong?  For one thing, they recorded WIND too soon after TRICK.  I'm trying to work out how many months elapsed between the two.  I certainly remember being surprised at the time by the rapid appearance of WIND.  The mini-catalogue that comes with the CD is not helpful, as it dates both albums to 1976.<br />Secondly, the album came right in the middle of the punk explosion, when all the record critics were looking elsewhere for the excitement usually associated with youth music.  WIND was not well received.  As other reviewers write here, 'Your Own Special Way' was panned, and journalists began to sense the middle-of-the-road direction the band was headed.<br />Third, this was the first Genesis which doesn't have people on the cover.  I know it sounds crazy, but humans don't relate to landscapes in the same way that they can identify with people.  It was a washed-out cover, which for the first time didn't show people (or at least creatures) in a predicament.  The narrative story-based music that Gabriel brought to the band had evaporated.<br />Fourth, this is not a good remaster, as others have noted.  It pains me to admit it, but I'm beginning to feel that the Brits cannot remaster albums properly.  Mike Oldfield's HERGEST RIDGE has become a mess since its remastering.  Rainbow's RAINBOW RISING has been remastered twice and is only now beginning to show its true qualities.  No, I'm afraid you Yanks have it when it comes to CD remastering.  In my book, the treatment given to Steely Dan's PRETZEL LOGIC shows exactly how it should be done.  I love the comment that another reviewer here makes about WIND: &quot;It's hard to believe that Mike Rutherford actually picked up a bass guitar during the entire recording,&quot; or something similar.<br />That said, WIND is not a terrible record.  They would come later.  Collins was developing as both a vocalist and as a drummer -- listen to Brand X's MOROCCAN ROLL to hear the full extent of his percussive skills.<br />If you like this record, then you're in for a real treat with its three predecessors: TRICK, LAMB LIES DOWN, and SELLING ENGLAND.  I guarantee it.lbums properly.  Mike Oldfield's HERGEST RIDGE has become a mess since its remastering.  Rainbow's RAINBOW RISING has been remastered twice and is only now beginning to show its true qualities.  No, I'm afraid you Yanks have it when it comes to CD remastering.  In my book, the treatment given to Steely Dan's PRETZEL LOGIC shows exactly how it should be done.  I love the comment that another reviewer here makes about WIND: &quot;It's hard to believe that Mike Rutherford actually picked up a bass guitar during the entire recording,&quot; or something similar.<br />That said, WIND is not a terrible record.  They would come later.  Collins was developing as both a vocalist and as a drummer -- listen to Brand X's MOROCCAN ROLL to hear the full extent of his percussive skills.<br />If you like this record, then you're in for a real treat with its three predecessors: TRICK, LAMB LIES DOWN, and SELLING ENGLAND.  I guarantee it.
B000002IAZ|5.0|Buffalo Springfield was only together for roughly 18 months, but the work they created challenged the domination of popular music by the Beatles.  Every single track on this album is good, which is a rarity for any album, even a greatest hits album.  The most popular track on here is Stills' &quot;For What It's Worth,&quot; the anthem for every advertisement on television selling something related to the sixties.  Neil Young's got some classic stuff on here, including &quot;Mr. Soul,&quot; &quot;Expecting To Fly,&quot; and &quot;I Am A Child,&quot; which was a precursor to his &quot;Harvest&quot; era.  One of the best underrated tracks on this album is &quot;On The Way Home,&quot; written by Neil Young and sung by Richie Furay.  The track &quot;Kind Woman&quot; was the precursor to the country-rock sound that the Eagles would popularize years later.  Stills' &quot;Rock and Roll Woman&quot; was a precursor to his years with Crosby and Nash.  The Buffalo Springfield was one of America's most innovative groups during the sixties.  Their very creative energy was ultimately the reason for their demise.  This album is essential to any collection of rock music!
B000056VIY|5.0|Jennifer has just released her sophomore CD, 'J.Lo', on Jan. 23. She has written 7 songs on this album compared to only 2 she wrote from her last CD 'On The 6'. Jennifer has teamed up with big name producers like Rodney Jerkins, Sean 'Puffy' Combs, Cory Rooney, and others to create this marvelous mix of R&amp;B, Hip Hop, Dance, Funk, and Latin styles. I was very impressed with her transformation vocally and lyrically from 'On The 6'. Her warm voice is very well matched to the material, a dozen songs in English and 3 in Spanish.<br />My Views on some of the tracks<br />1. Love Don't Cost A Thing - I though this song was very well produced and the lyrics were hot!<br />3. Play - I liked this song mainly because of the lyrics. I also like the beat and the chorus is very catchy. Jennifer does a little bit of cursing towards the end.<br />4. Walking On Sunshine - Produced very well. Has a little club, techno rhythm to it. Her voice sounds great!<br />5. Ain't It Funny - One of my favorite songs on the album. It kinda sounds like 'La Isla Bonita', only a WAY better version. The hook is excellent! Really catchy. This is the type of song that would be stuck in your head for days.<br />7. Come Over - VERY VERY sexual song. Sort of like a booty call. Lyrics like 'I wanna make love babe, very slowly, 3 times in a row, all night I'll go'. Her voice is very soothing.<br />9. That's Not Me - My absolute favorite song on the album. Has a blend on slow and fast R&amp;B beats with phat lyrics and a beautiful vocalist to match.<br />10. Dance With Me - Hot beat and Bangin' lyrics!<br />14. Dame - This duet is off the chains! I love how the lyrics match the beat perfectly.<br />16. The Pleasure is Mine - Great song with hot lyrics. Really catchy song.<br />Hopefully Jennifer will keep making phat beats and hot lyrics....
B00004Y6O9|5.0|WOW! Was the first words I said after I first listened to this album (CD) when it first burst into the scene in 1978.  The energy this group had was amazing as well as the truely remarkable guitar playing by Eddie Van Halen.  His burst of energy displayed on the guitar was fresh and truely ground breaking in 1978 when this was first released and was very refreshing to listen to due to the disco craze that was going on at the time.<br />Along with the amazing vocals of lead singer David Lee Roth, the excellent bass playing of Michael Anthony and the gifted drum playing of Alex Van Halen, well you have a group that truely became legends of Rock and Roll and with this, their first album, it is easy to see why.<br />From the opening song &quot;Running With The Devil&quot; that begins with sirens blazing, to their outstanding rendition of the Kinks hit, &quot;You Really Got Me&quot; and the hillarious &quot;Ice Cream Man&quot; every song on this CD is remarkable and it was a rare occasion that this much energy and talent was made apparent by a first album (CD).  This album truely marked the beginning of great things that were going to happen to Van Halen.<br />I can't recommend this highly enough.  It has everything for the fans of Rock and Roll such as high energy, outstanding musicianship from each member, and you can tell that these guys had a great time in the studio.  Kudo's go to KISS's Gene Simmons for discovering this band, and now over 20 years later, fans of Van Halen still eagerly await for each new effort they release and still enjoy their prior albums (CD) again and again.
B00004T9UF|3.0|On The Marshall Mathers LP, one thing is for sure: Eminem doesn't show the great musical talents he has as much as he did on his last record. Lots of the beats are very similar, and the music isn't all that impressive.<br />And even what he's supposed to be best at, rapping, isn't as high-quality as on his debut. He always seems to be rapping about the same stuff on this one-people getting... off at him for his dirty language. There are a few good songs, like &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Criminal,&quot; but not enough to consider this as a great LP.<br />If you are looking for some great Eminem rap, I would definitely recommend the Slim Shady LP. The music part of it is much better, and the rhymes are more creative.
B00000DGUY|5.0|Making a list of greatest hits is very hard to do with this band since Dire Straights over the years has made some truely remarkable music.  From the maintstream hits such as &quot;Sultans of Swing&quot;, &quot;So Far Away&quot;, &quot;Money for Nothing&quot;, etc., to the lesser known songs such as &quot;Calling Elvis&quot;, &quot;Heavy Fuel&quot;, and &quot;Wild Theme&quot; this is a collection of their songs and is a great way to listen to how this band evolved over the years, however the lead musician in the group, Mark Knopfler has always remained a gifted guitar player and has that unique voice that is recognized the world over.<br />This CD is for those who have enjoyed listening to Dire Straights over the years, and those who may have heard one or two of their hits and want to listen to more, then this is the CD for you.  Highly recommended!
1881273156|5.0|One of my close friends in college gave this to me as a Christmas gift. The simple language, the strong and moving words and teachings from the Bible have a profound effect on the reader. This book will definitely give answers to &quot;Why pitfalls in relationships&quot;.Personally, it has helped me to see how people around (let alone significant others) have their own way of perceiving love and acts of love and performing them. Adjusting to other's way of love can help a lot in life...
B00003XB8K|5.0|Ever since I started playing Enigma's Screen Behind the Mirror, I have not been able to turn it off. It is the most haunting melodious, rhythmic music I have ever heard. I loved Le Roi Est Mort album, but this is a jump above that...I didn't think they could out do themselves, but they have.  It is an album to listen to and become transported anywhere your mind wants to take you...what a stress breaker!
B000002GQG|4.0|There's no avoiding the fact that this is pretty pretentious stuff. All these vague spoken word introductions, half-understood hinduisms and tributes to Tim Leary make for some fairly sloppy lyrics (and even some offkey singing on &quot;Om&quot;) - however, they also make this album a fascinating period piece. &quot;Ride My Seesaw&quot; remains a genuinely exciting track, and the Moodies always provide good melodies and interesting sounds. I love the mellotron effects throughout this album. If you want some trippy fun, you will enjoy this a lot.
B0000041A9|5.0|This is the most inpired, deepest, and most beautiful playing of the Beethoven cello/piano sonatas I have been able to find.  A review below mine states that Rostropovich and Richter's interpretations are too &quot;static and humourless&quot;; this review is wrong.  Very few musicians have poured as much feeling into their work as did Richter and Rostropovich.  Rostropovich once explained: &quot;We were left with nothing but music [in Communist Russia].  It was a bright spot, a ray of life.  It was our air to breathe.&quot;  As a result, nothing on the Richter/Rostropovich tracks of these disks has even a hint of the mechanical and the intensity of these performances is unparalleled.  I believe quite strongly that in these recordings is exactly what Beethoven had wanted.
6305508550|5.0|Almost every scene in OFFICE SPACE has some sort of humor in it, and it is some of the more subtle humors that make this movie so hilarious. This film covers a wide range of everyday happenings in the office with typical office characters, and is held up by an interesting plot.<br />The cast, while Jennifer Aniston is the only famous one, is great. If you like this movie the first time you watch it, you will want to watch it again and again. Then you will surely find yourself quoting a variety of lines from the many different characters. Whether you work in an office and can personally relate to this movie doesn't really matter. OFFICE SPACE will most likely satisfy (at least partially) your sense of humor.
B0000025R3|5.0|Although the bands popularity has faded through the years, this album is an icon of the 80's.  Known for its chart topping songs, the album also boasts 8 other very good songs, such as &quot;Be Good Johnny&quot;, &quot;Catch A Star&quot; and &quot;Down By The Sea&quot;.  This is one of those albums you can put in your CD player and just let it play the whole way through.  Most bands like to have a consistant sound, through instuments.  This band uses it's vocals from lead singer Colin Hay.  The instumentation varies throughout the entire album so it doesn't put in a &quot;trance&quot; with the same old sound.  If you like musical variety with great vocals, then this is a MUST HAVE for your CD collection.
B00004TRD8|5.0|If you're like me and have been a James Cameron or &quot;Terminator&quot; fan for, like, ever, then you gotta see this!  I originally saw this film in the theater when I was 11 years old, after only recently watching the original &quot;Terminator.&quot;  I was blown out of my mind by the ground-breaking special effects, the epic scope of the story, and the all-too human side of the film.  That's what always gets me about James Cameron films, I think.  Not only does he have action sequences to appeal to the larger audience, but his view of the human condition is always touching and unique.<br />You've gotta watch the Ultimate Edition.  It contains one of my all-time favorite scenes--where Kyle comes to Sarah in a dream sequence, telling her she has to protect their son.  And they really get Michael Biehn in for the cameo!  It's just way too cool.  I'd heard about that scene for years, but I only just got to watch it when I bought the Ultimate Edition DVD.<br />Complete with an interactive menu, a behind-the-scenes look at the cut scenes, et cetra, et cetera, this is one of the most awesome special edition DVDs I own, and it's one of my all-time favorite films.  Buy it.  It's worth it.<br />Oh yeah--go watch Robert Patrick (the guy who plays the evil T-1,000 in this movie) on &quot;The X-Files&quot; as Agent Doggett this season.  He's doing an excellent job. ;-)
0060987464|4.0|Being quite new to the Manson phenomenon, I have spent the last 12 months buying all his C.D's, VHS's and books, this book however stand's out from the crowd. There are many things in this highly informative document that many people will identify with. Be warned though, he does not pull any punches and puts scathing attacks on authoritive figures such as his teachers and other religious people. It would be far to easy to say that he does what he does just for effect, there is a highly intelligent man behind the make-up. This book show's the 2 sides of manson that make him so compelling to fans like me, It reveals how he was a loner and outcast at school and was regularly teased about his appearance by the girls he liked. It documents in detail his early music performances with the spooky kids, everything is included in this book, from drugs, sex, abusing groupies, family revelations and his own morals by which he lives his life. He has never forgot the harsh treatment he recieved while growing up and this shows in all of his work and makes him the ultimate spokesman for the large and ever growing band of non religious people worldwide. This book also tells of his painfull transformation from a quietly spoken gentle guy from Ohio to the the all seething all raging rock icon of today. Don't miss this one.
0812550706|4.0|Where can I start?  Wow.  Even as I write this, I can't truly put into words the messages that this truly astounding little sci-fi novel so effortlessly conveys.  Briefly put, it's a story that takes place in an unspecified future.  The human race barely survived two invasions by an alien race simply called \\"buggers.\\"  Seventy years after the last invasion, amidst political uproar and the constant threat of another bugger invasion, children are being bred and engineered to become super-intelligent military weapons to prepare for the next invasion.  <br />From birth, they are closely monitored, and an elite few are chosen by the military to train to become soldiers.  This is the story of a child named Ender Wiggin, a \\"Third,\\"--that is,  a third child.  (Apparently, it's considered in bad taste to produce more than three children.)  But Ender was what the government had been hoping for.  I could go into detail, but I'd rather sum it up as much as possible.  <br />Officials in the military come to believe that six-year-old Ender is the \\"one\\"--humanity's last hope at survival.  Like most children, he craves love, but he fears there is something dark within himself--something capable of murder.  Becoming like his older brother Peter is his worst nightmare, but incidentally, it's what the military sees as his best trait.  <br />He is trained rigorously at Battle School and gradutes into Command School prematurely.  The book follows his inner struggles as well as the war games he's forced to play, and you slowly see that Ender is becoming what he fears the most: a killer.  <br />The character of Ender is strongly written, and extremely believable.  He enables us to sympathize with him in his struggles, and to understand the way he thinks and all his fears.  <br />At age eleven, he commands the fleet and destroys the buggers, and at the same time destroys his soul.  He eventually discovers that the buggers didn't realize they were hurting<br />anyone, and forgave Ender fordestroying them.  <br />At its core, it is a simply-written book, but complicated in its look at the human condition.  Words cannot do this novel justice.  To truly understand this excellent book, one must read it for his/herself.
B00000K19E|5.0|The year is approximately 2199.  The world human beings perceive through their senses is an illusion.  Artificially intelligent machines control all of humanity by altering their perception of reality through the use of a computer-generated world, called the matrix.  All humans believe they are living in 1999, &quot;the peak of our civilization&quot;.  The sad fact, however, is that the AI's have turned humans into a kind of battery, using the energy produced by people as fuel.<br />There exist a select few people who have been removed from the Matrix and thus exposed to the bleak reality of the real world.  It is these rebels alone who are fighting to free all humanity from enslavement.  Morpheus (Lawrence Fishburne) is the leader of a group of these freedom fighters.  He is also engrossed in a search for the One, a person who has the ability to alter the matrix in any way he sees fit and who will liberate humanity from its bondage.  Morpheus' search leads him to Thomas Anderson (Keanu Reeves), but is Mr. Anderson the One?<br />The Matrix is a feast for the eyes.  The fighting scenes are fast paced and expertly implemented. Each actor spent months learning Hong Kong Kung Fu (&quot;movie Kung Fu&quot;) and appeared in all of his/her fight sequences, adding a taste of authenticity to the action.  The film also makes use of a groundbreaking filming technique called bullet-time, whereby scenes can be slowed down or sped up and shown from dynamic angles.  The combination of fight scenes, camera work, and special effects is the best to come out of Hollywood for some time and alone warrants a viewing of the Matrix.<br />However, the true beauty of the Matrix cannot be uncovered in a single viewing.  The Matrix is much, much more than a high-tech, sci-fi action film.  Unfortunately, no one can be told what the Matrix is...<br />This film makes use of a myriad of allusions, &quot;more than you'll ever know&quot; according to the Wachowski brothers, the writers/directors.  They have drawn upon Christianity, Judaism, Buddhism, Taoism, Western Philosophy (Descartes, Berkeley, ...), Eastern Philosophy, Plato, cyberpunk literature (William Gibson's work, ...), &quot;traditional&quot; literature (Alice in Wonderland, ...), Greek Mythology, and Japanese anime, just to name a few.  The film utilizes all these (and others) sources to explore humanity's perception of reality, the concept of salvation, and numerous other philosophical themes.  These themes are too diverse and important to discuss in a forum such as this.  Nonetheless, the Matrix was written with many levels of meaning, exemplified in the character's names, their actions, and their dialogue, to name a few examples.<br />All in all, the Matrix was one of the most thought-provoking and entertaining movies I have ever seen.  It was well worth the money I spent on it because of one simple word: rewatchability.  This film cannot be appreciated until it is watched a number of times and each viewing proves to be as rewarding as the previous one, if not more so.
1573226521|5.0|The Beach is a truly shocking and absorbing novel about self-discovery and the loss of innocence, told through the eyes of a Gen-X-er.  The story follows the travels of a young modern backpacker, Richard, on his quest for excitement and pleasure.  His traveling, which consists of staying in crumbling rooms with thin walls, and eating questionable foods, takes him to Thailand where he meets a young French couple, Etienne and Francoise.<br /> Fueled by rumors of paradise and a hand-drawn map, the trio head out on a search for a secret island that holds the perfect beach.  They find their beach, but get more than they bargained for when they discover that things aren't always what they seem.  In order to keep paradise secret, sacrifices must be made.<br /> The Beach, written from a Gen-X point-of-view, is thought-provoking and extremely disturbing, yet intelligently written.  It is a truly excellent piece of modern literature that captures the Gen-X attitude and backpacker way of life perfectly.  It's a story choked full of excitement, longing, insanity, and of course, drugs.<br /> At its core is this message:  Would you sacrifice your own self-worth and morality to save the perfect paradise?  What happens when that paradise becomes not so perfect?<br /> I truly loved this novel.  The recently-made movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio as Richard does not even do the book justice.  Although I think Leo is a brilliant actor, I'd recommend reading the book over watching the movie.
0679879269|4.0|I found this book very entertaining until it came to the end, where it was finished quite sloppily. The writer had been building up the book quite a bit to the conclusion but, when it came, it was a huge anti-climax. To build everything up to the part where Will and Lyra fell in love, only to seperate them the next day was a cheap way of finishing the story. Apart from that, the story was not even finished in the first place. Still so much to write about, still so many loose ends needing tied up. I truly hope that Phillip Pullman can FINISH off the series properly with a FOURTH book, otherwise it will be a great dissapointment to me and all my friends who read the book.
0792156684|5.0|How best to describe this astonishingly epic film of love, loss, and heartbreak?  I truly can't understand why people have so much trouble with the romance aspect of the film.  James Cameron chose to tell the story of Titanic through the eyes of Jack and Rose to give us some sort of connection--to make us, the audience, feel for and care about these characters.  And because we cared about the characters, are hearts broke for the people on the ship as we suddenly could understand the pain every single passenger must have felt, becasue we experinced it through the eyes of Jack and Rose.  That's what Mr. Cameron was trying to get us to see.  If it hadn't been for the romance story, it would've just been another movie about the Titanic.  The romance aspect was to make us want the ship to not sink, and I applaud Mr. Cameron for his effort.<br />No, I don't think the movie is simply a &quot;teeny-bop&quot; or chick flick.  James Cameron is a master at conveying the human condition and telling a good story, and this is his best work to date.  Even people who don't like &quot;chick flicks&quot; should appreciate the bite-your-nails suspense, and the historical accuracy of the film.  Every one involved worked their butts off to produce an extraordinary film, and they succeeded.<br />As a Titanic buff, I know and appreciate how accurate the movie is.  Go read the transcripts of the American Inquiry--the investigation into the sinking--and you'll discover that in Cameron's film, everyone is where he or she claimed to be at almost every moment.  Of course there are minor inaccuracies, but those pale in comparison to all the stuff they fot right.<br />Not only that, but I feel the characters are strongly written and well-acted.  I think that Rose DeWitt Bukater is one of the strongest and complicated female characters in any recent film, and Kate Winslet brough her extraordinary passion and talent to the film.  Even DiCaprio was right as Jack--I dan't care what all you jealous males out there think.<br />Yes, I cringe at lines like,&quot;A woman's heart is a deep ocean of secrets,&quot; but give the film the credit it deserves.  How can anyone who considers themselves to be remotely human not be touched in some way by this film?  Who does not crave for a love like that?<br />The special effects are spectacular, and James Horner's score is amazing.  This movie is absolutely magnificent.  It will always be one of my favorite films, and once again, James Cameron proves himself a master.<br />My only problem is with the DVD itself, which is why I'm giving it four stars instead of five.  It has a nice presentation, but there are almost no special features at all.  The only thing it contains is the theatrical trailer.  I wait for the day that a special edition DVD is released.
B000031WD8|3.0|One thing is certain: you will never think about apple pie in quite the same way again after watching this film. Don McLean theme-making this is not. If you can set aside your sense of decency and morality long enough to laugh, this film has more than a few to offer. It is not great in the sense of others of this genre like &quot;Animal House,&quot; (which doesn't need all the flesh to keep you interested). It's about four very shallow-minded teenage guys who think they can't be real men unless they score first. American Pie has some refreshing twists of plot: it's not so predictable that you find yourself fast forwarding and not completely laden with stock characterization that any actor could substitute for another. The jock who plays field hockey turns out to be the most sensitive of his clique. The awkward father is both believable and very funny. The girls are all likeable and multidimensional.  Still, this movie should leave you feeling more than a bit uncomfortable. It's sad to think that a drunk mother would do what the one does in this film or let her son drink in the house any time he pleases. But at least she and her son are not depicted as likeable characters. As usual, the black kids are there mostly as showpieces, saying almost nothing in this film. And the brainy kids, of course, don't stand a chance of getting invited into the party, continuing the time-honored anti-academic tradition of American high school movies.<br />So don't watch this one with the kiddies even when you have that impulse to be &quot;their friend&quot; rather than their parent. And please don't let this film introduce any foreign friends to American pop culture.
B00003Q438|4.0|Long before he sank the Titanic, James Cameron proved himself a master story-teller with his underwater adventure The Abyss.  Like most James Cameron flicks, it has everything--special effects before its time, thrilling action sequences, speculative technology, and a touching love story.  I don't know how Mr. Cameron does it, but I love almost every movie he's made.  And you have not seen this movie until you've seen the Special Edition.  It explains so much, such as the aliens' motivation.<br />As a bonus, the DVD comes with a lot of nifty extras, as every great Special Edition DVD should.<br />My only problem with it is a minor one--I don't know if I bought a defective copy, but the 5.0 Surround doesn't work when I watch the Special Edition--just the theatrical version.<br />That's the only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5.  Other than that, it's a visually and emotionally stunning movie, and a cool DVD.
B000001FDK|5.0|This soundtrack rivals Saturday Night Fever as the best soundtrack of all -time.But if I had to make a choice this late 70s gem about  highschool in the 50s is my choice! Ironically the title song grease (sung by frankie vallie) is written by barry gib, the singer/ songwriter of the bee gees. Gib and the BeeGees made the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack what it is! This Grease soundtrack fires on all cylinders.Actor John Travolta and singer Olivia Newton-John come alive singing Summmer Nights.The big hit Hopelessly Devoted To You seems to hit home for all those highschool teenyboppers in love!!The other big hit from this blockbuster Youre The One That I Want  is sung by both Travolta and John with such passion and fire.There are so many hits on here ,its hard to list them all! The 70s group Sha Na Na checks in here with quite a few songs, such as Those Magic Changes and Born to Hand Jive. The latter song is quite a nice song if you are in the mood to really cut a rug!Frankie Avalon also makes an appearance in here with Beauty School Dropout! Overalll 24 pure hits you don want to miss out on !! We Go Together like bop shooo bop shoo bop etcccccc!!!!
B00003CX5A|3.0|Nothing too impressive here, but nothing to yawn at either. This movie was stunning in its ability to keep me watching but not terribly concerned if Depp kept his head or not. Ricci is as good as she always is (incredibly good, for those not in the know), but she hardly saves this film from the gargantuan reign of medicority that permeates its every crevice. Effects were good. Walken was also cool, seeing as he was acting sans head. I guess I've just grown to expect more from Burton inimitable genius. This movie is a renter, plain and simple.
B00004Z4WR|2.0|Pretty over-the-top and unbelievable, though I don't think Jerry Bruckheimer was aiming at anything Oscar-worthy (on the screenwriting side, anyway).  It's obvious that Angelina Jolie made this before her Oscar win for Girl, Interrupted--her character was rather secondary and pointless.  Cage again plays the wise-cracking semi-superhero we've seen before in Con Air, The Rock, etc.  <br />Gone in Sixty Seconds probably does appeal to its intended crowd--those who like speed, explosions, and never-ending chase scenes.  Those looking for a plot or any characters should not expect much from this.  With the exception of a surprisingly good soundtrack, the cars are really the best part of this movie.  Worth the rental perhaps, but not the purchase.
6305627401|3.0|I guess people are starting to think that I can only find faults in DVD's ... but I can also find fault in the pricing! South Park: Bigger, Longer, and Uncut one of the funniest movies of the 90's, but there's no justification for the... price tag. This DVD has no special features aside from three or four trailers, yet they feel justified pricing it above Fight Club, which has more goodies than you can shake a stick at. I go to Target, Amazon, Best Buy, whatever, and I see... dvd's with more features. I just don't think the price tag justifies the lack of features, so I'll stop before this evolves into a whirling maw of the same repeated complaint.
6305558167|2.0|I won't even get into how far from the litterary sources this movie is.  Rather, let's consider that: in one of the first scenes, Arthur's father makes love with Ygerne ... wearing a full plate armor.  I understand that he's in a hurry (she's married to one of his knights), but still...  I just hope for both of them that no sensitive part of their anatomy got caught between 2 pieces of the articulated armor...<br />Later in the movie, knights fight a tournament using a totally unpractal weapon (that never existed at ANY time...) that looks like a set of barbells with points...<br />During the last battle, Mordred wears a golden (?) armor with a full mask...  No comment...<br />I'm all for some artistic license, but I draw the line at this utter lack of realism.  In addition, the movie is plain *boring*!<br />I'm giving 2 ** for the use of Carmina Burana in the soundtrack...
B00000JCB2|1.0|i bought this cd after i heard nookie on the radio. i liked the song, so thought that it would be a good investment, but was i ever wrong! after listening through the whole album, one thought came to mind. &quot;what a waste of time&quot;. and that it is. the music is lacking and on top of that fred durst's voice is SOOO annoying. it sounds like he is whining. after a while, i REALLY got tired of hearing him say the &quot;f-word&quot; excesively, and for appearently no good reason.  so, unless this cd falls out of the sky onto your lap, or you find it for free, it is a waste of money.
B000001GPX|2.0|I just don't get it!  I don't hear anything special in these performances.  Perhaps that's because the sound is awful mid-70s DG, and I just can't hear past it. <br />For thrilling performances in great sound, try Benjamin Zander on Telarc.
B000002HRE|1.0|My problem with this album is not that musically it's not as heavy as Master of Puppets, it oblivously isn't and wasn't intended to be. Everyone that whines about Metallica's new musical direction, well, I might agree the new music isn't as good as their clasic stuff, but if you can't deal with that then don't whine about it, just listen to their old stuff and stop buying new Metallica. That said, they can still make good music: I absoutely loved Load.  I judge an album by how many great songs there are and Load definitely had it's share, so Metallica can still rock even post-Puppets.  The problem is that Reload really is all the stuff (barring the great song The Memory Remains) that wasn't good enough to be included on Load. I still think Metallica is great band, they just made a horrible album. If you like Metallica you'll probably still buy this, but if you are new to the band, buy all their other stuff and spare yourself the horror.
B000002C1V|5.0|This is it.  This is the album.  More Waters and less Floyd, but without losing them.  I hate old Pink Floyd.  Dark Side of the Moon and The Wall were tolerable, at best to my ears.  Not enough drugs in my system.  The Final Cut (and Waters solo) is music, as opposed to Pink Floyd sound.  The album flow is amazing.  Like all Floyd, this album, is a thinker, and finally one that I can relate to.  The flow from song to song is incredible and could easily have been a sequel to the Wall, but that wouldn't do it justice.  It's the perfect mix between Floyd and Waters and you can definitely see the Waters departure (maturity?) from the Pink Floyd sound.  'The Gunner's Dream' could be the best Pink Floyd song....ever.  'Not Now John' is impressive as the hardest hitter on this album and possibly the most Floydish.  It is the darkest and slowest album in the Floyd/Waters catalog  If you're a Pink Floyd fan, you'll like this album a lot.  If you are a Roger Waters fan, this is the album you can't afford not to have.  It's too bad they couldn't do more like this together.  As a diehard Waters fan and a luke warm Pink Floyd fan, this is the most played album in my collection, despite it's attitude toward Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher.
B00000255F|5.0|I have bought this album three times twice on viynl (I played the grooves off the first copy and so had to replace it!!) and then the CD.<br />I bought this album on its release and it simply never left the turntable!<br />Each song is sensational with Thunder Road, Tenth Avenue Freeze Out &amp; She's the One being standouts. The opening to the song Born to Run still blows me away 25 plus years on! Meeting Across the River is stunningly haunting and Jungleland simply makes you want to listen to the whole album again. Oh yes and the other two tracks Night &amp; Backstreets they are brilliant - on any other album they would be regarded as sensational.<br />I still believe that this is the greatest album ever recorded and that no music collection is genuinely complete without a copy.
B0000041LO|5.0|There is no doubt that The Beaux Arts Trio was on their zenith in these beautiful performance. Each work was played in a stunning beautiful tone and stunning good interpretation; mellifluent and blissful. Although the happy and healthy atmosphere of Haydn's work prevailed everywhere, their score reading were still very careful, fresh and clear. Tempo, style and dynamic were all very natural. These 3 excellent musicians cooperated so well that I wonder could any other Trio surpass these performances.
B000002H33|5.0|What else can I say?  It is mid-80's Metallica at its best.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Feel like crying?  This CD is perfect for the tortured soul. While the CD brings you to the dark places of your soul that you try desperately to avoid, it also inspires you to move forward.  <br />Sarah has a very unique voice that works especially well in this live version.  Sarah's executions of the songs on this CD allow you to experience the emotion behind the words.<br />This is clearly my favorite Sarah McLachalan CD.
B00003CX8J|4.0|&quot;The Matrix&quot; gave birth to a new form of action filmmaking (wild camera angles, freeze frames, unique combat) and I have to admit that I enjoyed &quot;The X-Men&quot; enough to buy the DVD.   One of the things that compeled me to buy it was that among the lack-luster superhero collection--Spawn, Batman &amp; Robin--it is a movie that wasn't made for mass merchandising (let's face it, the comic books and toys were already out there waaaay before this movie was even a though in a studio wig's head). This movie was made to have fun, and this is what director Bryan Singer has given us--a good time at the movies.   This is a movie that isn't afraid to make fun of itself, or take itself too serious. Singer made sure of this as the result: the actors gave a better performance, the effects were spectacular, and fans of the comic book were satisfied with it's results.   On a personal note, I think Hugh Jackman is the hottest thing here--nothing says sex appeal like a hunky tough guy that's got razor sharp claws tearing out of his knuckles! Okay, I'm getting off track, but ladies, can you blame me?  The DVD's features include deleted scenes you can access alone or as a second version of the film. It's got animated sequences--a sort of animated storyboard come to life! It also features a Fox Special, which is quite corny but very welcome. And, of course, Hugh Jackman's Screen Test--here he acts out a scene with Anna Paquin and you can see why he got the job. But the best part is a few segments from a Charlie Rose interview with the director. Here we get to see that Singer is going to be a filmmaker we will see more of (and God I hope he directs the next &quot;X-Men&quot; films) and one that will amaze us in the future.
B0000549B0|5.0|I am only fourteen years old, and I love Jimmy Stewart.  And I believe Harvey is his best, most relaxed role in his career.The likeable Elwood P. Dowd is best friends with an invisible rabbit.  Not only is the concept great, but it also helps teens like me realize that adults really do have an imagination and aren't insane.  I would recommend this movie to anyone of any age.
B0000524E5|1.0|Okay, here's what's wrong with this one: Super-sexy super-model-barmaids that have the personality of paper cut-out dolls is not enough to keep this astonishingly UPSURD story interesting or fun.   Sure the trailer made it look fun, and there's everything for everybody, right? You have the cute runaway country-bumpkin that wants to make it big in the big city, that appeals to all you farmer's daughters, right? Oh, and all those sexy models--like devistatingly beautiful Tyra Banks--too call to the males like syrens. And there's the romantic interest for us ladies. So why isn't this fun or interesting?   Because nothing about this movie is believable. There's nothing fun about this movie or romantic. When Piper Perabo opens her mouth to sing, fulfilling her life-long dream, we're to think a star is born, instead, I found myself rolling my eyes and joining the other ladies in the theatre as they all turn to their date--who are too busy drooling over attractive Perabo--and give a look that says How Incredibly Cheesy!   Unfortunately, my boyfriend bought this DVD--God help him, he's attracted to Piper Parabo-like girls (which is why he's dating me, I suppose) and is not disappointed by it's lackluster features--a little featurette here and there about the making of this dud, so forth.  All I have to say about this one is Last call, boys, this bar should be closed for remodeling.
B00004Y87O|1.0|Ok this movie was good but the DVD is simply not worth getting. Paramount has major issues with DVD's. I dont think they like them becuase hardly any Paramount movies have special features. All this has is a trailer. But that should'nt count as a special feature becuase every DVD has a trailer. They didnt even bother to add production notes or cast/crew biograhpies. I hope that Paramount can one day set aside they're DVD issues and make a a jammed packed DVD like Gladiator or something. Oh, if you do buy this movie dont bother getting Escape From L.A. beucase you will just be paying for the same movie twice as they are both the same movie.
B00003CXMG|5.0|What can be said about this movie that hasn't already been said by everyone else, this has got to be the finest film of 2000 and here's my opinion why:  Director Cameron Crowe, who I should remind is famous for overdoing the drama like a drama queen in dinner theatre (&quot;Jerry McGuire&quot; is a fine movie, but please, hold the extra cheese on our emotions. If I hear, &quot;You had me at hello,&quot; again, I'll scream) did not overdo it here.  Crowe tells his story--pours his heart out on film, and does it with respect to his then profession--Journalism--and the rock scene of that time. Here, he takes the rock immortals and make them mortal and flawed. He kindly views the groupies--band-aids--as girls attached body and soul to musicians and their art and not as sexual intruments.  Each scene is emotional, but we're too captivated by all that we witness that we too surrender to it. In the end, it feels as if we went through a journey of profound wonder that just like the main character, we see the world as it really is--human. Rock stars--human. Groupies--human.    I hope you see this film and love it as I loved it.  This is truely a journey worth taking.
0790729725|5.0|ALTHOUGH THE TITLE OF THE MOVIE DOESN'T REALLY MATCH THE VERY CORE OF THE MOVIE, GOODFELLAS IS AN AMAZING GRIPPING STORY WHICH GRABS THE ATTENTION OF THE VIEWER FROM THE VERY OPENING SCENCE,WITH OSCAR WINNNG PERFORMANCE BY JOE PESCI THE GOODFELLAS TAKES YOU THE VERY PRIVATE LIVES OF SMALL TIMES HOODLUMS. A MUST BUY FOR PEOPLE WHO LIKED CASINO, DONNIE BRASCO, GODFATHER AND PULP FICTION
0894803123|5.0|This book has everything  you'll need to know about making your own ice cream. Easy to follow, which is a must also for me! Like their ice cream , this book is the greatest. Everything from Cherry Garcia to marvelous sauces.
0743200799|4.0|I read this book with great interest.  I am a Mechanical Engineer with experience in Materials Science, Plastics, Medical Devices, Turbomachinery, Fire Protection, and Aerospace.  This book starts slow, but gets going around the Gemini flights.<br />Every engineer of any type (ALL Engineers should be GENERAL engineers) should read this book.  Why? Read on.<br />The book, Failure is Not an Option,  shows aspects of engineering such as communicating with each other, utilizing each other's talents,taking risks, working as a team, choosing competent managers, and trusting each other's judgement in order to solve problems.  This book shows that engineers NEED to understand, TRAIN WITH, and LISTEN to the operators of ANY sophisticated machine (in this case, a spacecraft.)  All of these elements REALLY worked to accomplish the goal of sending a man to the moon in 8 years.<br />Much this &quot;common sense-work together-trust&quot; engineering management style Kranz used during 1960-1972 has been LOST by many corporations today in Corporate America. Companies today NEED to resurrect this mangement style into the Corporate Structure in order to promote a better work environment and increased efficiency.  As for engineers, ALL of us are to be successful, technical, competent engineers and managers in all aspects (R&amp;D, Design, Applications, Quality Assurance, Sales, Manufacturing, etc.) of our work.  <br />Thank you, Gene.  I enjoyed the epilogue about the NEED to restore Space as a Priority on the National Agenda.
0894803123|5.0|This book has everything  you'll need to know about making your own ice cream. Easy to follow, which is a must also for me! Like their ice cream , this book is the greatest. Everything from Cherry Garcia to marvelous sauces.
B000002NJS|5.0|Most people agree this album is simply phenominal. Those that don't won't like anything Madonna does anyway. The singles speak for themselves- three massive hits and now-Madonna-Classics: FROZEN which broke new ground on the radio and became an anthem for millions; RAY OF LIGHT which brought Madonna back to her loyal club following and gave her yet another uptempo pop radio smash; THE POWER OF GOOD-BYE which proved that ballads arent always sappy dribble, and once again brought all who heard it to tears with its aching message and beautiful instrumentation. The rest of the album can be analyzed 8 ways from Sunday, but your best bet is to just buy the CD and listen for yourself. You've all heard the above songs; they are classics now. Buy the disc and enjoy the rest of the ride...
B00000JY1X|3.0|This a &quot;fabulous&quot; album, in the least interesting sense of the word. There are some pretty good songs in here, but it can be hard to take the large doses of stifling cuteness that make up the rest.<br />If They Might Be Giants are music for former high school A/V club types, Stephin Merritt makes music for former high school drama club types.
B00005214X|5.0|You all already know what music comprises this album so I will just write about the superior sonic quality of this re-issue and the new tracks issued for this release. It is a must have for anyone who enjoyed this album the first time around. Apparently, Harrison re-equalised and worked from the original 2-track master, but you can swear he re-mixed the entire album. The highs are crisper, the lows are punchier. It sounds GGRRREEEAAAT!!! &quot;I LIVE FOR YOU&quot; is far superior to any bootleg cd out their and the most completed version to date. The acoustic only out-takes of &quot;Beware of Darkness&quot; and &quot;Let It Roll&quot; are reminiscient of The Beatles Anthology release of &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot;. The music only mix of &quot;What Is Life?&quot; and the extra cornet horns is interesting but much too busy for the intro. The re-recorded version of &quot;My Sweet Lord (2000)&quot; is an interesting arraingment. To each his own. The liner notes, written by George, are informative and thoughtful as George can be. I just wish he wrote a little more. All in all, the packaging is great with a 20 page booklet containing alternate photos from the original re-lease some 30 years ago! plus lyrics,musicians,ETC. An interesting side note, George mentions a then 19 year-old named Phil Collins playing congas on &quot;The Art Of Dying&quot;. This collection is truly fascinating and a aural pleasure!!!! Get it, and PLAY LOUD!!!!!!!!!
B00000K31V|5.0|I caught this on cable while surfing, and it pulled me in, just as the game in the movie does to the main characters.  There's so much going on in this movie that it's difficult to sum up in a short review.  Cronenberg and his team did such a surprisingly fantastic job on this movie that I can't beleive no one noticed it when it came out.  Despite what other reviewers have said, the character portrayals are multi-dimensional, as are the attention to such details as costumes, make-up and even sets and props.  Best of all, this film works in a way that makes you want to sit back and enjoy the ride, just as Leigh's character instructs Law's character in the film.<br />But the most important element of this film is the message that is transmitted.  Someone in another review of this film kicked The Matrix, but that movie is an excellent allegory for the civilization we live in, and thus can be forgiven the ludicrous future vision necessary to deliver that message to the sheep who need it so badly.  Existenz gives us a vision of a much more probable future, one that we will likely bear witness to.  In the not-too-distant future humans will have the option to completely escape reality through computer technology, and in it's very likely that Cronenberg's vision won't be too far off the mark.  Existenz allows us to ponder that probable, disturbing reality in the most enjoyable, ironic way possible.
B00003CXMG|1.0|What a bloated bore this movie was - no drama, about 8 million annoying close-ups of Kate Hudson as if to say to us &quot;Look!  Isn't she radiant?  Isn't she a superstar?&quot; while she offers up such amazingly brilliant lines as &quot;We...are not groupies.  We are band-aids.&quot;  Wow, I am deeply moved.  And that part on the bus where they all sing along?  Can a filmmaker be any more manipulative?  Cameron Crowe is like a little puppy dog that pants at your feet &quot;Do you like me?  Huh?  Do ya?&quot;.  No doubt his experiences on the road could have made for some interesting story-telling.  Jerry Maguire was a better film by trusting the material and the actors and telling the story first and foremost.  But Almost Famous does what it shouldn't do: It tries to be moving first and foremost.  Cameron Crowe should be forced to sit down in a dark screening room and study Boogie Nights and Magnolia, since that's obviously the type of movie he's trying to make, and with this effort, failing miserably.  There's not one good thing about this movie.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|Here are the top 5 albums in the history of rock and roll. 1. The Beatles- Revolver 2. The Beach Boys- Pet Sounds 3. Bob Dylan-  Blonde on Blonde 4. The Beatles- Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band 5. The Clash- London Calling<br />That's no misprint, this album is THAT good.  Every single song is just plain amazing on this album, from the raw punk power of &quot;London Calling,&quot; to the rockabilly of &quot;Brand New Cadillac,&quot; to the introspection of &quot;Lost in the Supermarket,&quot; the rhythm of &quot;Rudie Can't Fail,&quot; and the pop genius of &quot;Train in Vain,&quot; this album is bursting with styles and makes up the ultimate rock record, blending punk, pop, reggae, and rock together and making a sound so full of joy and purpose, it hasn't been reproduced since.  Why this band seems to be forgotten, I have no idea, but just remember that the real slayers of stupid hair rock started the battle in 1977, and triumphed with this album in 1979, paving the way for intelligent rock in the 80's and alt rock in the 90's.  I just can't say enough about this album, whenever I put it in, I end up listening to the whole thing, this album is perfect, amazing, inspiring, and rock at it's finest.  Any serious music fan who does not have this album should be ashamed of themselves, this is the BEST album to come out of the 1970s (Yes, it's better than Zeppelin IV, Songs in the Key of Life, Imagine, Exile on Main Street, and Never Mind the Bullocks to name a few).  Please, buy this album, or at least take a listen on the site, it's catchy, full of raw emotion.  There is a song for every mood, and yet its cohesive as a celebration of life, and rock n roll.  Daring, and beautiful, London Calling is one of the top 5 albums of all time, buy this NOW!!!!!!!!!
B000002KKC|1.0|&quot;Sara,&quot; the best song on the album, was EDITED!!  Presumably there wasn't space for all of the songs, so they edited down the best one.  Incredible.<br />Don't buy this CD until they restore the full version of &quot;Sara.&quot;
B00000IBVC|5.0|Seventy-two years after its premiere in Milan, Puccini's Turandot finally &quot;came home&quot; to Beijing.  <br /> Never mind that the Turandot story was not even of Chinese origin, being based on a play by an 18th-century Italian dramatist who in turn probably got the idea from The Arabian Nights.  And never mind that Puccini had never been to China, and knew little of Chinese history and culture.  However imperfectly it was glimpsed, China was the inspiration for the opera, and China remains the source of much of its continuing fascination for the world.  <br /> For too many decades, Turandot was seen solely through western eyes, with scant respect for authenticity, its &quot;Chineseness&quot; no more than a veneer.  Even a director such as Franco Zeffirelli could commit the unthinkable blunder (in his 1987 production at New York's Metropolitan Opera, also available on Video/DVD) of presenting the Emperor, the Son of Heaven, dressed completely in black!  It was left to the great Chinese director Zhang Yimou to redress the balance and turn Turandot into a genuine and equal meeting of East and West, rather than a travesty of the East by the West.  His production came close to a vision of this opera that the composer himself might have dreamed of, had he been all-seeing and all-knowing about China, whilst retaining the genius and conventions of Italian opera.   <br />&quot;Opera on original sites&quot; (which started with Aida in Luxor some years ago) is a concept that has produced variable results with different operas.  For all its extravagance, there is no denying the unique magic that the right location under the right conditions can conjure up for the audience.  Though it is not one of the most majestic halls in the Forbidden City (which would in fact have dwarfed the production), the sight of Taimiao (Supreme Ancestral Temple) in the Beijing twilight as a backdrop for Turandot was perfectly imposing and inspiring.  To this were added two moveable pavilions which Zhang used to brilliant effect, from being an integral part of the scene (from which, for example, the Wise Men read out the answers to the riddles), to a dreamlike evocation of the musical imagery (as when Ping, the Minister, nostalgically recalled his home in Honan, with its lovely blue pond surrounded by bamboo).  <br />The production was a visual feast of unparalleled splendour from beginning to end, fully matching the splendour and passion of Puccini's score.  The costumes set a standard in opulence and authenticity probably never equalled, let alone surpassed, in the annals of opera.  With a cinematic director's eye, Zhang filled the 82-metre-wide stage with a huge cast of extras, from ministers and mandarins to dancers and soldiers, which lent flesh and blood to Puccini's &quot;insubstantial pageant&quot;.  Their beautifully choreographed movements, with elements from Chinese opera, dance, and even martial arts, were so skilfully blended in as to become an integral part of the music drama.  For all its authentic appeal, a major drawback of the historic site as a &quot;stage&quot; was that its separate tiers leading up to the terrace outside the temple seriously constrained the movements of the crowd, especially in the riotous First Act.  <br /> If one talks much more about the production than the musical performance, it is only because it is for the former rather than the latter that the Beijing Turandot will long be remembered.  Good as they were, the principals - Giovanni Casolla as Turandot, Sergej Larin as Calaf and Barbara Frittoli as Liu - were far outshone by the best of other recorded versions (particularly Nilsson, Corelli and Scotto, and Sutherland, Pavarotti and Caballe).  Conductor Zubin Mehta presided over the orchestra and chorus with masterly control, and an equal sensitivity to the exotic colours of the score and its pacing and dramatic impact.<br />Like one of your readers, I too was at the performance in Beijing in 1998, but unlike him, Ido not think it either realistic or fair to expect the video to duplicate that experience.  Considering the conditions under which the production was shot (outdoor and at night), the visual quality is acceptable.  The audio quality is variable, both at the live performance and on DVD.  In this more than any other Puccini opera, the chorus plays a dramatically and musically pivotal role, but here their rousing and at times barbaric voice is often blunted by imbalances in the sound system.<br />But then, a barbaric China was not what this production was about.  This was, above all, a gloriously and lovingly nostalgic Turandot.  It was almost as if, after half a century of proletarian rule, Zhang Yimou was intent on recapturing, if only for a fleeting moment, all the pomp and splendour of a bygone civilisation which once thrived on this very spot, and whose heritage the &quot;cultural revolution&quot; almost destroyed.  In this context, the three Ministers' valediction resounds with a new, touching significance: &quot;Addio, razza! Addio, stirpe divina!&quot; -- &quot;Farewell, race of men!  Farewell, divine heritage!&quot;
B00005214X|5.0|For years I've been arguing with Beatles fans that were consistently telling me that John Lennon was the end all and be all of the Beatles. This album has the spirit and soul, that most of all the other Beatles did not manage to incorperate in there music. That is not to say that John Lennon touched our lives in a magical way and that albums like Walls and Bridges or Imagine are not grand tastes of music. Nor am I saying that Paul Lennon is not one of the greatest song writers albeit &quot;Pop&quot; song writers in our short history. Both were great &quot;Rockers&quot; beyond even the recognition that they currently get. But this CD shows that George obviously had alot of things to say and had a great sense of American music at the time, a rocky, soulfull sound that touched me as much if not more than any Beatles album. I liked it so much that I bought the 1st West German copy back in the 80's, at a price that at the time would seam astronomical today. If you don't own this CD do yourself a favor
B00004SCX6|5.0|This CD is great and the more I listen to it, the more I like. After the worldwide success of &quot;...baby one more time&quot;, Britney is back, proving she can do it again and as much as she desires. <br />As soon as I put my hands on this album on its release date, I felt it would be a top seller. It has lots of good tracks, all having the potential to be chosen as singles.<br />&quot;Oops!...I did it again&quot; is a cool track. &quot;Stronger&quot; has interesting lyrics, connecting this second CD to her first, and showing that britney is more mature now and totally aware of her popularity. &quot;Lucky&quot; is also worth listening, since it shows every star has its moments of loneliness, depression and desilusion. &quot;Don't let me be the last to know&quot; is brit's favorite track (mine as well), and it's about a girl who wishes that the boy she likes gets enough courage to show his feelings for her. Pretty interesting for shy people.<br />If you liked britney's first album, this is the one you should buy!
B00004XQ83|5.0|Way back in the dark ages, before record contracts, charts, sales projections, image consultants, and celebrities, there was music.  It was from the heart and very real.  No one owned the songs. They were passed down from generation to generation.  It figures that the two most talented anti-Hollywood film makers would have the foresight to create this amazing film, and in turn, this soundtrack.  Gospel, country, folk, bluegrass.  The roots of American music are right here.  And is it addictive!  I work in an office where Top 40 Alternative is the status quo, so I put this on my computer's CD player and turned it down low, fearing ridicule.  Instead, several kept asking about it.  And now we're playing it throughout the office. I sincerely hope this independent non-homogenized music carries on forever.
1573226521|4.0|I enjoyed the book very much but every time the action seemed like it was going to pick up it just kind of fizzled out.  Alex Garland is a very talented writer but the book never really seems to pick up a good pace.  I would still recommend it though.
B000001FS3|5.0|I've been a U2 fan from the beginning and have all their albums but Pop, but this is still the best overall.  Sure, the big name songs are great, but the truth is, there is not one filler song on the album.  My personal favorites on this album are Running to Stand Still and Mothers of the Disappeared (okay, and Trip through your Wire).  Their newest album comes closest to the atmosphere on Joshua Tree although it's still just a tad shy of the greatness this achieved.  I can still remember the excitement when it first was released (I was DJing in college at the time).  I love Boy and October too, but as an album, this is amazing music from the first track to the last.  If you are just coming back to U2, please buy this album and not the greatest hits. Each album has a special energy and atmosphere that is lost on a greatest hits album, especially with U2.  Go the exta mile and buy the albums themselves.  This one has many of their best hits anyway.
0671042858|4.0|The Girl who Loved Tom Gordon, is a truly haunting and all to believable book. Even though there is an evil lurking around it is still a truly wonderful adventure book. It was so good as an adventure/survival book that I didn't want ti to become the usual Stephen King book with some sort of evil lurking around.<br />Trisha Gets lost in the words and for the first day she thinks that she will just find her mom and brother again but she dosn't. So she decides to Ration the food, but she didn't do it enough so she runs out of it in two days and has to begin eating berries and drinking creek water.<br />The Girl who Loves tom gordon is an absolutly brilliant visionary tale, it is well written and very colorful, a true treat that is brilliant, but a little to much of the same Stephen King to be his best.
B000056VIY|4.0|Our little Miss Lopez, when we last knew her she was a struggling dancer, turned actress and now singer. She released On The 6 in June of 1999 to mediocre reviews. She released three singles, one went to #1, one to #7. The other barely charted. Not bad for a debut. But that was 1999. Now it is 2001 and Miss Thang has finally released her follow-up.<br />jLO takes off where On the 6 was just beginning. Her first album was oversaturated with ballads. Ballads don't work for her so this album is filled with dance floor tracks. The first single (currently in the top 5) demonstrates the direction this album is going. Whether you like the song or not, Jennifer takes what could have been a mediocre song and turns it inside out. The video catapults this vision even further. &quot;Play&quot; should be the next single. This song resonates in the beat of the body and I can already see a massive maxi-single issued with this CD.<br />Jennifer does not stray from her latin roots and incorporates some nice latin grooves on this collection. <br />jLO has it's distinct style showcased by producers, Rodney Jenkins and Puff Daddy.  Jennifer has demonstrated that you can release a &quot;pop&quot; album and be older than 18.
B000002WYT|5.0|What makes Dave Matthews Band so widely listened to and enjoyed?  Their music is such a unique blend of jazz, pop, rythm and soul.  Aside from having awsome studio albums DMB also puts out tremendous live audio c.d.'s and if you have ever seen them in concert it is an amazing experience.  Their music crosses all genres and draws listeners from many different age groups.  Dave is loyal to his fans.  So back to the album titled &quot;Crash&quot; which comes from the third track Crash Into Me.  I have picked out quotes from almost all of the songs on this album and if you find them meaningful and inpirational wait until you hear them song by Dave Matthews with instrumentals by Carter Beauford, Stefan Lessard, Boyd Tinsley and Leroi Moore.<br />&quot;I find sometimes it's easy to be myself: Sometimes i find it's better to be somebody else.&quot;~so much to say<br />&quot;Celebrate we will, because life is short but sweet for certain, we're climbing two-by-two to be sure these days continue, for things we can not change&quot;~two step<br />&quot;Why won't you ever be glad, it melts into wonder, I came in praying for you.  Why won't you run in the rain and play, let the tears splash over you?&quot;~#41<br />&quot;All we are is wasting hours until the sun comes up its all ours.&quot;~say goodbye<br />&quot;I hear more than i like to, so i boil my head in a sense of humor, I laugh at what i can not change...&quot;~drive in drive out<br />&quot;I can't believe that we would lie in our graves, dreaming of things that we might have been.&quot;~lie in our graves<br />&quot;The future is no place to place your better days&quot;~cry freedom<br />&quot;Hands and feet are all alike, but gold between divide us, hands and feet are all alike, but fear between divide us, all slip away...&quot;~cry freedom
0375501851|3.0|The &quot;suicide&quot; in the first few pages was wonderfully written but as the story moved on I found myself thinking &quot;relax, stop trying so hard&quot;.  For a first novel it was entertaining but not five stars.  Smith has some work to do to find her voice.  Much of the book rambled on without adding substance.  I found it hard to buy into an Irie who went from complete mortification over her hair and body to the confident single mother at the end.  How did she get there?
B00004TRD8|4.0|Movie and sound quality was great, quite frankly with all the added storyboard and interview information added they could have just added T1 and it would've been fine for the price
0743201140|2.0|I read &quot;First, Break All the Rules&quot; and found its advice sound and useful.  The key finding is that the best managers work hard to understand what their employees true *talents* are and then shape the job to allow the employee to perform to their maximum.  It doesn't pay to focus on people's weaknesses; focus on their strengths.  The message to the individual is the same, find your talent and grow it rather than spend all of your time on your weaknesses.  <br />Unfortunately, &quot;Now, Discover Your Strengths&quot; makes the same point but without all the loads of useful management advice.  &quot;Discover&quot; has you take a web based quiz to find your top 5 strengths.  What if you have more than 5 strengths?  Too bad, for you won't be told how you scored on the other strengths.  Does &quot;Discover&quot; help you discover that you should focus on your artistic or writing talents?  NO.  Your talents in this book are &quot;Deliberative&quot; or &quot;Woo&quot; or &quot;Context&quot;.  Basically, if you want to get a take on the way you approach life and work, then this book may help you and tell you how to get your manager to treat you, but it won't find your *talents*.  I fully recommend reading the first book and thinking hard about what you do well at and enjoy doing.  Save your money and don't buy this book.<br />I see this book as an attempt by Gallup to position themselves as an integral part of the review process at major corporations and make money from every employee taking the quiz.  This wouldn't be a bad thing for employees, but managers and you'd be better served by the first book by itself.<br />I found the quiz a bit confusing and marked an awful lot of the questions with &quot;no preference&quot;.  After reading the book, I wanted to take the quiz again (as the book implies you can), but Gallup *refuses* to allow you to take the quiz more than once.  This means that your spouse or friend that you loan the book to won't be able to take thetest until they fork over money for a new copy of the book.  If you get a used or a returned copy, I hope the previous owner didn't take the test and then return the book!
B00004XOWM|5.0|buyer beware. there are more swear words on this album than i've ever heard. especially &quot;hotdog.&quot; it's a funny song. i laughed real hard when i first heard it. it also contains 46 f words. if this a parent reading this deciding whether or not to buy it for their kids, please only buy the censored version. there are some great songs on here, but the language and sexuallity is definitly not for kids. i love the cd and listen to it every day. my friendalso really liked it.
B000002GB9|5.0|With all due respect to Paradise Theatre, this is Styx's finest album, and one of the best rock and roll albums ever made. All of the elements are here - scorching guitars, soaring synths, beautiful harmonies, and timeless lyrics. The lyrics to the title track have never been more obviously true than they are today, when some of the biggest idiots in the world (Limp Bizkit, Eminem, etc.) are selling millions of records. But I digress. This is a masterpiece of a concept album - every song can stand on it's own, and yet the end of every song serves as the perfect prelude to the song that follows it. This is something that Styx always did better than anybody; and I mean anybody. Listening to this album is like traveling to another world - pure, joyous escape.
B00000IAU3|5.0|When i first heard Dido on the Sliding Doors soundtrack, I loved her music. She is one of the few actually talented musicians out there. She writes her own songs, and unlike other artists that do the same, they are REALLY GOOD. After a hard day of school or work, when you just want to come home, relax and listen to music, the CD No Angel by Dido should be your choice. Some of  my favorite songs on the CD are &quot;Here with Me&quot;, &quot;Hunter&quot;, and &quot;Thank you&quot;.
B000002LMM|4.0|This music really brings the Twin Peaks experience to another level, making it consume your daily reality. Even if you never watched the show, this is great music for mood and atmosphere. From the mellon-collie theme, to the classicly morbid Laura Palmer theme, and the great dark jazz pieces, this is a great listen the whole way through. Julee Cruise provides melodic vocals on several songs, including the disturbingly haunting &quot;Into the Night&quot;. Angelo Badalamenti always suprises you with his parts and instrumentation, and Lynch's lyrics are great. If you're a fan of the Twin Peaks reality and want it to seep yet further into your own, or if you're just looking for some surreal atmospheres, this is a great buy.
0399146253|1.0|Kinky Friedman has a song 'No one can pitch like Catfish can', I'm sure it would be easy to parody the words to fit this book.  Patricia has reallly sunk low.
B00004XONN|3.0|dedicated fan of Aphex Twin, Chemical Brothers and Autechre feels the need to comment.  The album is somewhat puzzling in that the first few tracks speak to a higher level of composition and musicianship that falls off considerably as the album goes on.  All the tracks up and including &quot;How to Disappear etc. &quot; are good hybrids of slow rock and techno, for example, it's the following tracks that disappoint.  Anyway, don't be fooled by some of the comparisons to Aphex Twin and Autechre, these guys are no where near them as techno artists ... but then again, neither are most techno artists.  I think the best summation of what we have here is dreamy &quot;college rock&quot; combined with a couple of interesting programmed hooks on the opening songs.  The trailing tracks really have lessening techno influence. &quot;College rock&quot; in that the band speaks to uncertainty, detachment and apathy, sentiments common among college students.  You won't find those sentiments in the true techno music of Autechre or Aphex Twin, those guys have made a living out of finding order in disharmony and disjointed rhythmn patterns.
B000002KIE|4.0|Before reviewing the actual music, let's correct the misinformation floating around here from 19 year-old college geeks writing their Amazon reviews.  The Sex Pistols didn't start anything, they were just a continuation of what came before them, and they were re-packaged to become the Monkees of Punk. They didn't even invent the name &quot;punk rock,&quot; that came from Punk Magazine of NYC, which came out of CBGB's. The Sex Pistols were into early Alice Cooper and David Bowie, until they caught the Ramone's tour of England, and they saw their future. So they took a cue from the Ramone's power chords, and stole Bowie's Ziggy Stardust haircut, and the Sex Pistols were born. The Ramones didn't invent punk rock either, they too were unemployed kids who caught Iggy Pop's 1971 gigs in NYC, and later the New York Dolls' shows in Manhatten. Even the great Iggy didn't invent punk or even the punk attitude, he caught the Doors shows when they played Detroit, and he became transfixed on crazy Jim Morrison. Of course Iggy had been playing early Stones and Dylan records since high school, so when he formed the Stooges, they and the MC5 continued the sound and the attitude they loved.   So stop with the &quot;Sex Pistols started it all, man&quot; crap.  As for the music, &quot;God Save the Queen&quot; is a classic rocker that holds up well almost 25 years later, as do &quot;Pretty Vacant&quot; and &quot;Anarchy in the U.K.&quot;, while the rest of the CD/album isn't bad, but it's no &quot;Let it Bleed&quot; or &quot;Live at Leeds&quot; either. Enough said.
0451450523|5.0|I am a junior in high school, and while I have been avidly reading all sorts of fantasy novels for years, I have never read a more deeply moving, wonderful book than this one.  I first read this novel because I enjoyed the movie so much as a child.  Before I began reading, I thought it would be exactly like the movie, beautiful but simple and lighthearted.  However, once I started reading, I soon realized that the book is much, much more.  Now, I have nothing against simple, straightforward writing, but the symbiosis between humor and poignancy is what really makes this book so priceless.        It is such a deep, multi-level novel.  One moment the slightly wacky unconventionalism of parts of the story have me laughing out loud, but in the next moment, I read a line of beautiful, deeply-moving prose so wonderful that it makes me cry.  Call me weird, but diction stirring enough to make me cry is one of the most gorgeous things on earth.      Though a theme is never expressly stated (and the novel is the richer for it), the entire story is deeply thematic.  In his mesmerising, poetic style, Beagle expresses the timeless themes of love and sacrifice, and the loss of innocence in order to save the world.  The characters are heroes in the truest sense of the word, though unconventional and with a fair share of faults.  In the face of sadness and fear, they all struggle to save the world from corruption.  However, after they have succeeded, they realize they have grown too much and lived through too much to ever completely fit into their world again.  However, they realize the worth of what they have accomplished, and have hope for the furure.  The novel doesn't end exactly happily, but it ends with such a feeling of beautiful poignancy, it's better than any completely happy ending ever could be.      I am not nearly doing this wonderful book justice.  Now that I have actually tried to express my feelings, I realize I don't have the ability to put them into words.  Any book that contains lines so stirring and beautiful that they echo in my soul for weeks afterward is well worth your time to read.  It is not a child's tale (though it is by NO MEANS &quot;dirty&quot;), for it takes an emotionally mature person to fully experience the many layers of meaning in this work.  But if you like novels that cut you to the soul so deeply the impression never fades, read this book.  It's an experience you'll never forget.
0887306128|5.0|I heard that Newt Gingrich assigned this to the incoming members of Congress in 1994. I read it to see if it would give me any insight into being a more effective attorney; it did. I keep a copy in my office and make a point of re-reading it from front to back every six months or so.     At the same time, I have found it very helpful in striving for a functional family. My wife and I found ourselves overwhelmed in dealing with our first child. While I have read a variety of child discipline books and other how-to manuals, I have found this one as useful as the best in the family field. In four years, we have gone from a house that had fairly constant crisis and drama to a much quieter, \\"well-managed\\" household with two kids. I attribute the change in no small measure to my being willing to use his disciplines, particularly thinking about where my time goes and getting the right things done as a father.
B00000255F|5.0|As a avid listener and historian of rock 'n' roll there are many great albums out there. But if you judge by sheer brilliance, beauty, and lyrics, this one is probably the best ever. Now some people may think I have broken the holy order of Beatles worship, but sit down and listen to this album a few times. You'll discover that each song is an unforgettable experience; in fact, if you listen to the album whole, it is so powerful that at the end you don't whether to cry or laugh, or maybe do both. The sound of this album is as big and vast as the stories it tries to capture. It's like reading a saga or seeing a three hour movie. This music will change your life.Even if you think you don't like Springsteen, get this album. You won't regret it!
B00003CXBK|5.0|PRINCESS MONONOKE is no children's fairy tale. It is in fact, the highest grossing film ever produced in Japan. But it was barely even seen in American theatres, because of a problem we have in accepting anything animated as adult entertainment. But for those of us who have managed to break free of this mental barrier- the reward is great!<br />Set in medieval Japan during the advent of gun warfare, PRINCESS MONONOKE is a tale of intrigue -featuring vivid mythology and timeless themes. Prince Ashitaka finds himself cursed after defending his village from a vicious demon. As a result, he is banished from his village until he can rid himself of the curse and defeat whatever evil has brought the demon upon them. His quest brings him far from home, to a town where the Tatara clan is quickly growing -thanks to new technology and the guidance of Lady Eboshi. But in their expansion they have devastated much of the great forest around them causing the gods of nature to fight back. Can Ashitaka prevent them from destroying each other?<br />This is not a simple movie- it is a monumental epic. It is not merely animation- it is a breath-taking masterpiece. Every aspect of this classic film has been given tremendous detail and attention with a fabulous cast of voice actors, Joe Hisaishi's sweeping soundtrack, flawless translation by Neil Gaiman, and of course- the immaculate story and design of Hayao Miyazaki and his team. Very enchanting...
0767800958|5.0|Movies are usually fomulatic.  Where are the new ideas?  Sally Porter has captured with film and music the things of which we dream.  Yes, there's the handsome lover, the hurdle of their respective inexperience, and the trouble with leadership that couples always face, but the dilemas are danced.  And the viewer not only becomes engrossed with their story, but dances away in one's own dream of fiery chemistry and disciplined passion.  And finally, people who look like real people!  Sure, they can dance better than most, but their beauty radiates from within. Loved this movie!
0375500901|4.0|Gabriel Allon is a retired operative of the super-secret Israeli spy agency Mossad.  He has been working as an art restorer in London, utilizing skills he learned from his cover job while an assassin for the agency.  He is sought out by the head of the Mossad, Ari Shamron, who is working outside his legal authority to take out Israeli enemies who are trying to disturb the delicate peace process taking place between his homeland and the Palestinians.  He has a special assignment that he feels only Gabriel can successfully pull off: the elimination of the iconoclast Tariq, who has sworn a disruption of the peace talks and the death of Yassir Arafat. <br />Shamron knows that Allon will have a hard time refusing.  It was Tariq himself that had forced Allon out of the Mossad.  Allon had been sent to kill a Palestinian that had taken part in the September massacre against Israeli athletes at the 1972 Olympics. The man was Tariq's brother. What we have then, is a story of personal revenge mirrored with the Palestinian/Israeli conflict. With a little cajoling, Shamron is able to convince a reluctant Allon to return to duty one more time. <br />Allon is teamed with the beautiful Jacqueline Delacroix, a former agent herself who now works as a fashion model in Paris.  Allon and Delacroix were once lovers.  Delacroix has her own reasons for rejoining the Mossad: her real name is Sarah Halèvy, and her ancestors were killed in the concentration camps in Germany. For her, it's personal.  Additionally, she wants out of the modeling business and the money Shamron promises her is quite enticing.  <br />Shamron lives by the motto of the Mossad: By way of deception, thou shalt do war. If you like your tales with a bit of good old subterfuge, this one's for you. <br />This is probably one of the best thrillers I've read in quite some time.  Silva is quite a talented master of plot and setting, hooking you with enough twists and turns with every flip of the page.  I do hate it when writers give dialogue to living, breathing people like Arafat.  It may be a convenient device, but it shows a lack of creativity.  Better to mention true life in passing in fiction, and allow the reader to fully suspend his element of disbelief. Enjoy the fantasy, and leave the real world behind.<br />Grade:   A-
0789723107|5.0|I soldiered through Jacob Neilson's book and felt like I'been been through a four or five note symphony when I was finally finished. Steve Krug has figured out that tirelessly repeating yourself over and over isn't an effective way of teaching. Don't Make Me Think, get's the mission critical points with enough grace and humor to make the book--get this--actually effective. I've read several usability books before this one, so I can't say I learned much new, but would have to say that this book presented in a way that I believe I will be more likely to remember the information and use it. I only wish I hadn't wasted time and money on the other books.
6304698798|5.0|THE GOOD,THE BAD AND THE UGLY IS WITHOUT A DOUBT THE GREATEST WESTERN OF ALL TIME.
6305081751|5.0|mask is a wonderful movie.IT shows courage.rocky dennis was kind smart,caring.I could watch this movie all day.cher is great.eric sholtz gives a wonderful performace as rocky dennis.
0684853523|5.0|It was fascinating to read a book about writing written without the flat and boring qualities of an ordinary English grammar and literature text. But, could Stephen King ever write like that? Probably not... The book is loaded with the usual King quips and idioms. It's easy to read and often humorous. King explains how interesting writing can be, just as long as you are enjoying it and having fun doing it. His opinions on editing and rewriting were excellent. He seemed to be pushing or edging the writer on as he spoke. His little pat on the back, letting you in on his realization of the amateur writer's loneliness and insecurities, was priceless 'felt from the heart' information. I'm not sure if I'm ready to see the guy that appears next to me smoking his cigar and putting ideas in my head. Although, since reading this book, I'm pretty sure he's there; I just can't see him yet.
0783229321|5.0|\\"Animal House\\" is perhaps the greatest American comedy ever filmed. John Belushi literally takes over this movie and proves beyond a doubt his genius. He has some hilarious dialogue, but his silent scenes are amazing. Belushi had one of the most expressive faces in film; when he raises an eyebrow or leers just right, you see exactly what his character thinks. His death, in 1982, robbed us of a uniquely charismatic actor/comedian. <BR><br />Belushi plays Bluto, one of the seedier members of Faber College's degenerate, fun-loving Delta fraternity. We view Delta's uninhibited antics through the eyes of freshman pledges Pinto (Tom Hulce) and Flounder (Stephen Furst). They join Bluto, Otter (Tim Matheson), Boon (Peter Reigert) and the rest in their war against sobriety, conformity... and Dean Wormer (the great John Vernon). The Deltas party, Wormer tries to throw them off campus, aided by various uptight student types led by the smarmy Greg Marmalard (James Daughton). Features no plot to get in the way of the chaos. <BR><br />This movie takes chances few films today dare take, and, unlike a lot of our current gross-out movies, it does so with genuine wit. Patriotism, honesty, sobriety, chastity, the American Way, race relations, conservatism, liberalism, intelligence, stupidity- you name the sacred cow, this movie slaughters it, grinds it up, cooks it medium-well and serves it up on a poppyseed bun with an order of fries.<BR><br />The \\"Special Edition\\" includes a sweet widescreen print of the film (a little dark in places, though), biographies/filmographies of the actors and a fun featurette, \\"Animal House Reunion,\\" which features many of the original stars as they reminisce about making the movie.<BR><br />What are you waiting for? Do whatever you must to possess this movie- you will thank me later.
0375703764|5.0|this, is the greatest thing ive ever set my eyes on. nothing in my life, not a death, birth, situation or ideal person has ever made me think and change the ways i look at thing as much as this book... its still hard to sleep. dont get this book if u have too much free time on your hands or if you have little patience.
1573225517|5.0|&quot;High Fidelity&quot; is a novel that opens up the male mind more than any other book I've ever read. Nick Hornby seems to be able to write down exactly how he has felt in past relationships. There were so many times while I was reading this book that I nodded my head and said &quot;Yes, I've done that...&quot; or &quot;Yes, I've thought that...&quot; <br />I recommend this book to anyone who has ever had a relationship problem. The movie, though well done in it's own right, gives little justice to the book. Hornby turns the negative feelings of jealousy, obsession, and sadness into a comedic twist of humor and real life emotions. Women should read this book to find out how a man thinks during the break-up of a relationship and give him some slack after you find out what's going through his mind. Men should read it because you'll find yourself remembering how you handled past relationships and maybe finding a way to reconcile them as Rob does. <br />Although &quot;Fever Pitch&quot; and &quot;About A Boy&quot; were good, &quot;High Fidelity&quot; is the Nick Hornby book that I would recommend to anyone looking for a book with laughs and a lot of heart. The musical references are quite humorous and you will find yourself looking at your record collection in a whole new light.
B00004UEDQ|3.0|All in all, this movie had some interesting insights into the world of acoholism, which I think were candid, honest and well-thought-through. It had all the markings of a great movie - solid cast, interesting premise... but it really didn't live up to its promise as a &quot;great&quot; movie.<br />Essentially, the movie fizzles at the end. It takes, the safe, predictable road. I don't think a recovering alcoholic really gets to wrap up conflicts with pretty little ribbns like that. And  c'mon: An alcoholic who doesn't care about anybody and doesn't think she has a problem goes into rehab? You already know what's going to happen! And to use Steve Buscemi (I'm a huge fan!) in such an uninteresting way (re: a rather boring guidance counselor) is a travesty. Mr. Buscemi must have been returning a favor by doing this one.<br />In short, it's probably worth watching if you're a Sandra Bullock fan, but don't expect to be blown away.
B00003CXAT|3.0|Mega-blockbuster about people and the dinosaurs who eat them. Actually, it's more about the dinosaurs, which makes it ultimately a disappointment. Ironically, this movie about a theme park shares all their flaws: it's exciting, but ultimately, it's a shallow experience. <br /> Based on the effective Michael Crichton novel, &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; is about a group of people trapped on an island amusement park where biotechnologists have resurrected childhood's favorite scary monsters. Sam Neill is a bland paleontologist who hates kids- guess who he bonds with in the park? Well, it ain't Vegas showgirls (although that would've made for a more interesting film). Laura Dern, easily the best actor in the movie, flounders without a character to play; she mostly giggles and mumbles. Samuel L. Jackson goes to waste (literally, after the dinos eat him) and Wayne Knight pretty much plays his &quot;Seinfeld&quot; character, Newman.  <br /> There's one scene in particular that illustrates the major problem with this movie. Paleobotanist Dern studies a leaf and mutters how this &quot;shouldn't be here&quot; and how it's extinct, until Neill taps her shoulder, which causes her to look up and see a giant brachiosaur for the first time. Behind her, everyone else is already reacting to the as-yet unseen brachiosaur.  <br /> The only reason she's looking at a leaf in the first place is so Spielberg can build suspense by delaying the dinosaur revelation. But in order to do this, they have to give her a reason to be so fascinated- ergo, extinct plant. Enter plot hole, in the service of audience manipulation. Did the Jurassic Park engineers also clone extinct plants? Or did they just happen to find an island with extinct plant life? And if it's not important, why introduce it in the first place?  It's a manipulative trick that's shocking in its clumsiness. <br /> It's not that manipulation itself is a bad thing (Alfred Hitchcock was an admitted arch-manipulator)- it's just &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; does poorly so many of the things that makes a movie great. Think of &quot;Jaws,&quot; another Spielberg movie about a fangs; it's one taut bit of filmmaking. Not a bit of fat on the bones, not a wasted scene, even when they're not pursuing the shark.  <br /> With &quot;Jaws,&quot; and Hitchcock's &quot;The Birds,&quot; you can forgive very dated effects because the people in the film are so believable and memorable, and the manipulation isn't so cynical or transparent. Despite photo-realistic dinos, &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; has no more reality to it than &quot;Pirates of the Carribbean,&quot; which is referenced in one of the few intentionally funny bits of dialogue.  <br /> <br /> That said, &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; is fun for casual viewing, and I find it remarkable Spielberg pulled it off at all while also working on &quot;Schindler's List.&quot;   Plus, there are two very effective set-pieces: the tyrannosaur attack on the tour cars, and the velociraptors-in-the-kitchen sequence; here, Spielberg uses his tricks to perfection. It's just a shame they're in the service of a special effects fest that's so... unspecial.
B0000029DD|5.0|This man's work is sheer genius and goes beyond brilliance!  I had only discovered Jeff's music months before his death and sometimes I could kick myself for not knowing of him sooner.  I would have given anything to see him live as well and the longing will never leave me.  By the way, if you like Jeff's stuff, I highly recommend listening to material by ....
B00004Z459|5.0|Oh my gosh,  this cd is awesome!  It has great variety and all the songs are great.  I probably wouldnt like it if it wasnt for the variety, cause they would be like other bands such as Bizkit and stuff.  But they have a really good mix going with 2 vocalists, 1 who raps, and 1 who sings and yells, and all that other cool stuff.  And the songs really vary between lighter music, more rap-core like, and more just rock.  Like track 2, which is now on TRL, its more rock based, and is pretty good.. different from track 9, which is more rap, and absolutely bumps.  But either way, this is just a great cd, and i'd recommend it for most people, except those into boy-bands and stuff.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club is one of the better movies I have ever seen, period, mostly due to the fact that it is probably one of the most philosophically driven movies I have ever seen.  Just watch the sequence where Edward Norton is talking about his need for European furniture, his need for outside things, and you'll see Das Kapital smacking you in the face. The movie continues with the philosophical overtones.  Anyone who needs a primer in Karl Marx's philosophy, in particular what Das Kapital entails, should watch Fight Club, as the movie also details the sudden rise of the lower classes, and the &quot;return to zero&quot; concept of debt.
630157401X|4.0|Now this is more like it. Spielberg recaptures most, if not all, of the &quot;Raiders&quot; magic by casting Sean Connery as Indy's dad and making sure he and Harrison Ford share the screen as much as possible. Also making welcome returns to the series are the late Denholm Eliot as Indy's scatter-brained boss and John Rhys-Davies as Sallah, the Egyptian digger and free spirit.  <br /> This time, Indy crosses the globe in search of both his dad (finds him quickly, which is fortunate for the audience) and no less than the Holy Grail of Arthurian legend. Vicious Nazis abound, both the regular army kind and, in a welcome twist, the hootchie-mama kind, played by the tragically named Allison Doody.  <br /> The main attraction here is the fantastic chemistry between the bickering Joneses. Connery nails his performance as the erudite and crusty elder Jones and gives Ford plenty of exasperating moments. Factor in the first film's matinee-style thrills and chills (wisely toned down after the second's idiotic overkill) and you've got yerself a winnah! One problem, though: Spielberg's tendency to sacrifice character believablity in the name of a quick, tossed off gag. Witness the end of the otherwise exhilirating tank chase sequence.  <br /> While it can't measure up to the original (few, if any, action films have), &quot;Last Crusade&quot; is well worth the time.
0790729709|5.0|The film is great, but the DVD is NOT widescreen, even though the movie is available in widescreen in VHS.  So, forget the DVD until a widescreen version comes along.
6304493681|3.0|As I sit here and type this review, I feel a little contradictory.  I have read many reviews for Ghost in the Shell as well as some reviews for many other pieces of anime and some things concern me.  While hundreds of people feel that Ghost is the pinnacle of anime to date, I disagree.  I must admit that I'm not the consumate expert on anime, but I have found titles that have had lousy reviews that I adore, and there are titles that get rave reviews that I dislike.  Personally, I prefer titles like Nightmare Campus, Demon City Shinjuku and Detonator Orgun.  I purchased Ghost on DVD and it was OK.  If you are a fanatic of anime, it is a must see title, but not necessarily a must own title.  Rent if you can.  Find your niche.  Make your own opinion.  Looks like I'm buying Cowboy Beebop next.  I'll let you know what I think of it.<br />Good luck.
0788812823|5.0|Quite simply, Disney's most effective and saccharine movie to date, it is an adorable movie with unforgettable characters, and Disney's trademark impeccable attention to detail in making the moves and mannerims of a cartoon dog true to life. How can a person with a heart that isn't made of stone watch the ever-so-famous (and ever-so-repeated) &quot;spaghetti scene&quot; and end watching it with a dry eye? It is virtually impossible. &quot;La Bella Notte&quot; is a beautiful song. All the characters are beautifully drawn, and the romance between Lady and the Tramp is poignant and believable. This is a truly welcome- and why not, essential, too?- addition to the collection of any good film viewer. Films such as these are not made anymore, and that is a pity of course.<br />If you haven't watched this, do yourself a favor. Anyone who is anyone would love this film...especially the dogs, ladies and tramps of the world!
6300214435|2.0|I think this is the movie for which movie critic hacks coined the phrase, &quot;a non-stop roller-coaster&quot; which you see in every action film ad these days. A thousand curses upon this film! And a thousand more! <br /> Sandwiched between the perfect &quot;Raiders of the Lost Ark&quot; and the almost-as-good-and-it-has-Sean Connery &quot;Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade,&quot; &quot; Doom&quot; aims to thrill and succeeds mainly in annoying. The opening sequence mines James Bond (the model for this series according to Steven Spielberg) territory, but soon the flick devolves into mindless escapism and- even worse- racism. Spielberg maligns the entire Indian subcontinent in several scenes. If this had been done with malicious intent, that'd be pretty bad; instead, it was done so Spielberg could gross out the kids in the audience by showing a fat guy eating monkey brains, which is even worse. Hey, folks- let's make up a lot of crap about a thousand year old culture, because who cares? Step right this way- up next, the terrifying mine car chase! <br /> Kate Capshaw screams (I mean non-stop, baby! You'll need a freakin' eardrum transplant) her way through the movie, Harrison Ford works his behind off to little avail, and one of the Goonies is in it, but you'll really wish one of the evil Thugee traps would lop off his obnoxious little head. Major disappointment. Get the first and the third and forget this one ever happened.
B000001FI7|5.0|This cd and the Sneaker Pimps Becoming X are by far the best in the entire world. While its not as trippy as Becoming X it's a lot more emotional and haunting. I wasn't sure what to think about this cd when I first got it, but after a few listenings I fell in love with it. Ever song on the cd is amazing, Roads is the sadest song I've ever heard, Its a Fire comes in a close second, but I think my favorite song on the whole cd is Pedestal.
1577311523|5.0|I used to wonder, usually when trying to get to sleep, \\"How do I stop this incessant thinking, this broken record. It's so difficult to do. I'm wasting a lot of energy with these thoughts. I wish there was an `off' button...\\" Thanks for reminding me that there is no `on' button; that it doesn't have to be this way.<br />I also wanted to mention that I prefer the tapes to the book. Of course one of the reasons is that it takes less effort to just listen to the sound of Eckhart's soothing voice than to read. It's plain animal instinct to make less effort, to save energy, to be \\"lazy\\". More significantly, a second reason I prefer the tapes is that when I read the book, I add my own tone to it, which is certainly not accurate in a lot of cases, even after listening to one of the tapes (the first companion tape) previously.<br />The book and tapes do offer much in the way of practical information, such as dropping the ego. Its maintenance is yet another unnecessary heavy burden that we place upon ourselves, not to mention our friends and society. <br />Highly recommended.
B00001U0GQ|4.0|The Last of the Mohicans is a classic. One can not dispute that. With an amazing cast, excellent direction, beautiful scenery and music, this movie is the benchmark for the genre. Modern day movies use elements from this classic often (watch The Patriot, for example.)<br />Unfortunately, whoever made this DVD did NOT know what he was doing. The audio is sampled at a low bitrate (192kbps), and you can hear the high pitced artifacts resulting. The video is SHOCKINGLY poor for a DVD, more like VHS quality with lots of artifacting and other odd phenomena. <br />I borrowed the DVD from a friend and am glad I didn't purchase it myself. Perhaps one day, someone will make the DVD the right way.
B00003CXAR|5.0|Sure, the mechanical shark looks phony at times, but the edgy performances and Spielberg's flawless (and shameless) audience manipulation more than make up for it. You will believe a robot shark can eat people!  <br /> Police chief Roy Scheider battles not only the hungry Great White, but also the manipulative mayor, the town's entepreneurs who want to save their tourist money, his own conscience and his aqua-phobia. Marine biologist Richard Dreyfuss lends a hand; so does Robert Shaw as the salty local captain and survivor of the horrific U.S.S. Indianapolis sinking.  <br /> This is the movie &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; wants to be when it grows up, because it's as much about the people as it is the animal. Scheider and Dreyfuss bond in the way instant friends do, even though they have nothing in common- but there's a tension between them, a competitiveness, that underlies the scenes on Shaw's boat (in the book, the Dreyfuss character beds the chief's wife and there's a lot of social and class warfare involved, too- but Spielberg wisely leaves that out).  <br /> Robert Shaw's cantankerous captain dominates the film's last third- if you saw him in &quot;From Russia With Love&quot; or &quot;Battle of the Bulge,&quot; you'll be surprised this is the same guy.   Think Captain Ahab with a foul mouth and a love for beer, and you'll get the idea.  Absolutely perfect! <br /> Beyond that, &quot;Jaws&quot; is one scary movie. John Williams' creepy shark theme has become iconic- after the first scene, it will drive you crazy with suspense every time you hear it. Spielberg's direction has less flash than in some of his later movies, and this allows the performances to draw the viewer into the story; these are shark attacks with consequences, and people get hurt who haven't been bitten.  <br /> And then there are the first-person (or first-animal) point of view shots as the shark stalks its victims. Almost every 80s slasher flick copped this little trick because it's so effective.<br /> With Lorraine Gary as the chief's wife and Murray Hamilton as the shifty but ultimately tragic mayor.
B00001OH7Y|5.0|I own all the Bowie &quot;RCA&quot; albums (his label from 69-80) and this is my absolute favourite.  It is probably the best combo of art, rock, experimentalism and commercialism there is.  If you want hits, 2 of his biggest are here, &quot;Ashes to Ashes&quot; and &quot;Fashion&quot;.  Hard edged rock?  Check the title track and &quot;Because You're Young&quot;.  Arty experimentalism?  &quot;It's No Game&quot; Pt 1, sung in Japanese.  An accessible record that doesn't pander to the mainstream like &quot;Let's Dance&quot; did.  Those interested in Bowie and already familiar with Ziggy would do well to start here.  If possible get the Rykodisc re-issue which has bonus tracks the EMI version doesn't have.
6304346107|4.0|If you are looking for pure entertainment, I think the Hollywood version is the one for you. It succeeds in accomplishing it's purpose, to merely provide an audience with a couple hours of mixed feelings. And the Hollywood version does a great job of that. I thought it was a great movie. However, if you are looking for a movie with a little more meat, go with this one. All the characters, particularly Emma, are much better developed and 3 dimensional in the A&amp;E version. If you are looking for a movie that relates closely to what the author was trying to say, a movie that makes a statement about something, rather than providing mere entertainment, definely, go with the A&amp;E version.
0783226063|2.0|Based on Frank Herbert's brilliant, epic novel, this has to be the dopiest movie about a drug deal gone wrong ever made. Seems the whole galaxy needs the super-coke found only on a certain desert planet. A convoluted conspiracy later and Kyle MacLachlan is riding a giant male body part through the desert and stabbing Sting in the neck so he can become the new Messiah.  <br /> Features about a thousand scenes where over-acting weirdos plot and babble a lot of nonsense about nothing, then things explode and people go on freaked-out acid trips and shout things like, &quot;FATHER! THE SLEEPER HAS AWAKENED!&quot; HO-scale spaceships fly over the sandbox, Virginia Madsen appears as the most beautiful space princess ever (Take that, Daphne Zuniga!) and a floating fat guy with horrible acne gets murdered by a midget with a thumb tack. Nice costumes, though.  <br /> If you must see this mess, try to catch the shorter, theatrical version. Sure, the longer edited-for-tv version almost actually makes sense- but that's because they cut out Madsen's original introduction and start with a 30-minute history lesson, complete with slides. Yawntastic! PS- that midget grew up to be Alicia Witt... mrrowwrrr!
B00004XOWM|3.0|I'm so sick and tired of people complaining over how Limp Bizkit supposedly &quot;sold out&quot;. Why is that when a group becomes wildly successful or successful at all, they are branded as &quot;sell-outs&quot;. I have listened to this CD and it's thier best work since &quot;Three Dollar Bill&quot;. I can understand if you don't like the CD, but complaining because the group just happens to be successful--just shows how insecure one can be.
0800177177|3.0|A blatant case of false advertising. What's really annoying is all the press where Francis Ford Coppola claimed his was the most faithful version, ever. Actually, it's no more so than the 1931 Lugosi version, based on a stage play. <br /> If Coppola hadn't ripped off the Mina-reincarnation plot from the Jack Palance 70's tv version and added a bunch of Harlequin romance scenes, he might have been able to add a little emotional depth and detail to the rest of the story. Instead, everything is rushed and compacted; the storytelling equivalent of the Chipmunks' singing voices.  <br /> Winona Ryder and Kee-New Reeves produce the worst English accents yet recorded on film. We need a law against either of them attempting this again- &quot;Yo, that vamp dude has put the most heinous moves on my bodacious fiancee... uh, OLD CHAP!&quot;  <br /> Gary Oldman, so creepily effective in &quot;The Professional,&quot; is the wimpiest Dracula ever. More accent trouble: Oldman talks like Rich Little imitating Bela Lugosi after about 10 vodka martinis. He's so short and non-threatening, they have him turn into a werewolf in order to pump up his danger-factor. Unfortunately, the costume's about as believable as Tracy the Gorilla's from the Forest Tucker/Larry Storch tv show, &quot;Ghostbusters.&quot; When Oldman's not transforming, he's a mild dwarf with long hair, funky sunglasses and a velvet Fauntleroy suit; he looks like Oscar Wilde's dance partner. <br /> Full of exciting visuals, yet ruined by pompous and hilarious dialogue. &quot;We have all become God's madmen!&quot; Anthony Hopkins declares, for no real reason other than his Van Helsing is a blood-thirsty psychopath. Funny- seems ol' Dracula used to play that part in the story.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I think this is a good CD, but that's because it's the type of music I like. I don't think it's fair for poeple to give it a bad rating because they don't like their music. Some of them say &quot;It's not real rock&quot; but does Limp Bizkit ever say they were heavy metal? They say that only dumb poeple listen to Limp Bizkit, but I will assure you that I am smarter than them. If you don't like Limp Bizkit's type of music don't buy it. If you like their type of music you should definately buy this album. It is heavier than the other two but also has rap for poeple who like that. THEY ARE NOT SELL-OUTS!!!
6305265666|5.0|Our four year old girl much prefers this version of Cinderella to the Disney cartoon. We rented this movie once from the local video store, and with the first viewing, it was obvious that this movie was a must-buy for our collection. <br />It's a full length movie, with a lot more action and excitement than the Disney version. Barrymore's Cinderella is a far better role model for our girl than the cartoon character: she's pretty, strong minded, and tough. The bad people in the movie are not so bad as to be scary to small children, yet convincing enough to have the kids rooting for Cinderella the whole time.
6304711875|5.0|This movie is a parody. It was never ment to be scary. It is much more tasteful and watchable than &quot;Scary Movie&quot;.  The nocks at the slasher movies of the 1980's are priceless. This is more sophisticated and intelligent than Scary Movie.  Scary Movie was written and filmed for uncultured dullards!
B000053SPI|5.0|I've been waiting for this CD since they started recording in late 1999. In Australia, I have only found it on Napster (with 15 tracks)! Rest assured, when the real CD is released in April (according to [...] I will buy it! Easily the best songs are &quot;Live and Breathe&quot; &quot;Livin' to Do&quot; &quot;Signs of Life&quot; &quot;I'm Not That Way&quot; &quot;With Your Love&quot; &quot;Higher Place&quot; and &quot;All the Things I Love about You.&quot; I hope I don't have wait too long for their next CD... It has been FIVE years since &quot;Trial by Fire!&quot;
6305159432|5.0|Dolph plays a Soviet agent (Nikolai) who is sent to Angola (I think) to kill the leader of a band of rebels. Eventually, he realizes he is on the wrong side of this conflict and joins the rebel army. There is a scene where Nikolai is rescued from the desert by a Bushman. I think the Bushman character is a nice touch. The whole movie may be more relevant to people who are familiar with Africa, the Congo in particular and the past political situations there. Dolph doesn't really have that many lines, however, he does deliver the action and convey the emotions. His costars (the guys who play the bushman, one of the rebel leaders and a reporter) are excellent.
068484267X|5.0|I have since read &quot;A Monk Swimming&quot; by Malachy McCort and &quot;Tis&quot; by Frank McCort. However, I loved &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; the best. I saw the movie too. Don't shortchange yourself with that route though...the book is a much more scenic road!
B000002UJQ|5.0|It's Radiohead. They plays around lyrics, they like Beatles makes us GUESS what a hell they ment. But whatever they do they do with certainty. But one thing it's sure - they sound as they are in that situation. If York cries about love pains in 'Creep', they are real. He survived that. As in many other songs. In 'Ok Computer' they do that and more - they bring us a best arranged &amp; compiled CD in decade. Period. And they don't lost sence what they do and why they do that. Ok Computer is like a rollercoaster - downstears upstears. But all trough only one think is shining - sadness. Beatiful, pretty, uggly, sadness. Let Down &amp; No Surprises - ironical 'happy' songs. Let Down really plays with grey, dull day in wich you want scream 'Let down and turnin' around'. In fact, I'm singing it every time I feel dullness and rutine starting to make me feel sick. Paranoid Android - it's in fact, musical photo of York. Afraid, runnin, hyperactive, he sings 'I'm paraniod but not android'. Everyone feels down, but for York it's all life. Lucky - yep, I'm must agree, it's natural beaty is unhiddenable. It's one of underrated songs from RH catalog.  In owerall, everyone already knows that Radiohead Ok Computer is must for serious liseners, but it's really open to every day musical expierence. Radiohead can make you sing with them in chorus, even you don't believe it.<br />Get 'OK Computer' ASAP ;))
B00000269M|5.0|Eminem and Vanilla Ice have nothing on Micheal Jackson.He is the greatest white rapper ever.Everyone should buy this album if they want to her some true gansta rap music.Micheal is hardcore gansta rap.He makes N.W.A look like Milli Vanilli
6300216268|3.0|Although I found this movie funny (the scenes focusing on Harold's &quot;deaths&quot; in particular), I didn't think it was appropriately labeled. To this day I always catch myself being confused when I see this under &quot;comedy&quot;. Maybe it's just because I saw this movie for the first time in a psychology class when we were learning about social disorders, but I didn't catch myself rolling in the aisles for most of the movie. Don't get me wrong, this movie is definitely worth seeing, but not if you want to see a hilarious movie.
B000002L6P|3.0|The title of this album doesn't sound ironic? Well,it doesn't matter this time.This album was #1 in 1984 and sold more than 11 million copies in the U.S.A. only but I think that this album shouldn't deserve the #1 place.The music in her first album sounds better than this one.But her voice sounds better in this album than in her first album.&quot;Material Girl&quot; it's oustanding and the lyrics are funny.&quot;Like A Virgin&quot; it's great.&quot;Dress You Up&quot; is one of her best.The rest of the songs (except &quot;Love Don't Live Here Anymore&quot;) can defend well Madonna.Love Don't Live Here Anymore is mediocre.The only thing that saves this song is her voice because sounds difficult to imitate.Generally,the album could have done better.
0066620694|5.0|This book is a very powerful framework, by which you can undesrtand how emerging new business opportunities compete with you current product lines and not to kill them before they become profitable. There are many common flaws, like treating a new opportunity with the same focus, team and knowledge as your previous successes.<br />It helps you understand how profit will be emerging in the new products and how the current starts will be surely killed if you don´t do anything about it in time and to acknowledge a high risk situation.<br />Have you ever wonder why big companies don´t react in time against the smaller competetiors or why personally you discard new opportunites because you don´t have a clear decision criteria, and see how the returns will come about?<br />This book can help you
B000002N3J|3.0|Certainly this album is very meaningful in Madonna's career.First,this album marked her tender side (which she showed it well).Second,because it presents some new material that is nice (One More Chance and You'll See).I almost forgot: the classics since Vision Quest's &quot;Crazy For You&quot; till &quot;Take A Bow&quot;.My favorites are: This Used To Be My Playground,Rain,Oh Father,Live To Tell,and I'll Remember.I found a blemish in this CD: the absence of The Look Of Love (see WHO'S THAT GIRL),Promise To Try (see LIKE A PRAYER),Pray For Spanish Eyes (see LIKE A PRAYER) and Bad Girl (see EROTICA) and should have taken out: I Want You,Something To Remember,Love Don't Live Here Anymore,Forbidden Love.Buy it,it's great.One last thing: Have you heard Spanish version of &quot;You'll See&quot;,&quot;Vers&quot;,it's nice and Madonna sings in a perfect Spanish. See? The Queen of Pop is versatile... and sensitive.
B000002BE9|5.0|Fiona Apple is the best song writer to come around in years.The lyrics are powerful and oh so poetic. Every track is a masterpiece. She plays piano wonderfuly and has great insturmenatlist on the album. Her vioce is the best out there. Her vioce has so mutch fell and power in it. It realy moves me. The album with &quot;Sleep To Dream&quot; a great song but probably the worst song lyricly on the album. The next song &quot;Sullen Girl&quot; is a song about how she was raped when she was twelve. Its a very sad but buitiful song more on the jazzy side. The next song &quot;Shadowboxer&quot; is more the soulish/blues side. Another great sonng. Criminal is the most rock orientated song on the album. I love her vocals at the end of the song. &quot;Slow Like Honey&quot; is a great lyrical song with graet music as well. &quot;The First Taste&quot; is one of the best songs on the album. The song just brings poetic thoughts into my mind everytime I hear it. Than comes one of my favorite songs ever &quot;Never is a Promise&quot; the strings are great, the pianos great and the vocals go right along with the song. You just have to hear the song! &quot;The Child is Gone&quot; is the worst song on the album but you still should listen to it good. &quot;Pale September&quot; has very devious pianos and a very relaxing song. &quot;Carrion&quot; finishes the album off the right way with what eles a great lyirical, musical and vocal song!!! This ranks in my top albums if not THE best album ever. Her lyrics inspire me so mutch, and hearing her music is one of the best ways for me to forget my problems. Pick this up I just don't see how you wont be inspired and love this album.
B000002L9S|5.0|This album is my favorite not because it reached #1 in 28 countries around the world and because 5 of the 9 songs were huge hits.It's because the music and her voice are the best work in all her entire career.Her songwriting effort was quite good and her music sounds unbelievable.&quot;Papa Don't Preach&quot;,one of her best,and her voice is one  her best performances in this album.&quot;Open Your Heart&quot; musically it's outstanding and her voice is her best performance.&quot;White Heat&quot; when you first hear it,you ask yourself,is this Madonna? but it's she.The intro of this song it's her best.&quot;Live To Tell&quot; is her best ballad ever and her voice sounds very mature but it's quite good.&quot;Where's The Party&quot; one of my favorites is cheerful.&quot;True Blue&quot; it's very nice and ironically I don't like 50's music but this is the exception along with &quot;Jimmy Jimmy&quot; which is funny,too.&quot;La Isla Bonita&quot; is one of my favorites.Truly sounds like Spanish music and sings in a perfect Spanish (Cmo puede ser verdad,te dijo te amo) and &quot;Love Makes The World Go Round&quot; is one of my favorite and the music sounds Caribbean,Tropical.Really,really I say this.This is the first album that you should buy.It would be the biggest regret if you don't buy this album,because is her greatest work.Even Sean Penn did an excellent job being Madonna's inspiration.
0792101448|5.0|I can't wait till this comes out on DVD--its on my instant purchase list.  Its such a mythic story...  This film isn't just a story about some people doin' some stuff out west.  This story is about The West.  Not just The West as a place, but as an idea.  Its simply and absolutely one of the best westerns.
B000002LGQ|4.0|What can you say about a spiritual Madonna? That is another person but it's the same Madonna,just that she grew up (in music and in herself) and she told the story of her life through eleven songs.&quot;Like A Prayer&quot; maintains as one of her best songs and is different .&quot;Express Yourself&quot; is great with the message of getting to the first place with saying what you want,&quot;Till Death Do Us Part&quot; is a mature song.The lyrics are very realistic (see the infernal marriage with Sean Penn) and the music is great.&quot;Promise To Try&quot;,it's a very sad song and the lyrics reveal her mother's death which affected very much in her.&quot;Cherish&quot; is a joyful song.&quot;Dear Jessie&quot; makes me think of La-La-Land but it's great.I had a childhood! &quot;Oh Father&quot; it's my favorite from this album.Her voice sounds different but astounding and the music is melancholic.&quot;Keep It Together&quot;,with tells her female maintenance of her house,when her mother died and also tells her seeking for independence.Lyrically,it's excellent and musically is very cheerful.&quot;Pray For Spanish Eyes&quot; el lamento espaol.It's amazing this song.The others that I didn't mention it's because I don't like them.And buy this album.It's her greatest,after True Blue.
B000002NAK|4.0|There are two soundtracks for this movie, get this one.  Yes, it is a bit more expensive, but if you want to get the full expierience of an incredible soundtrack with even more incredible talent performing it, then this is an absoute must!
B000002LCD|3.0|This album has the good side and the bad side.The good side is,obviously,our Queen of Pop,Madonna;all of her 4 songs are great,especially &quot;Who's That Girl&quot;.The bad side is the rest,except &quot;Turn It Up&quot; and &quot;24 Hours&quot;. I have heard that this album is mediocre,but it's a lie.It's good.Personally,my favorite song is &quot;Who's That Girl&quot;.It's one of her greatest songs she has ever recorded.&quot;Causing A Commotion&quot; is very nice,too.So as &quot;Can't Stop&quot;,it's great.And &quot;The Look Of Love&quot; it's a great ballad.It's nostalgic.&quot;24 Hours&quot; is nice. And &quot;Turn It Up&quot; is amazing.As always,the S/A/W/ production does a big effort (see Bananarama,Kylie Minogue,etc.) Don't listen to the comments that say that this album is mediocre.Listen to the ones that say positive things about it.Buy it,you will be happy.
B00000K458|5.0|When I first saw this album back in the 70's I bought it for the album cover because I never heard of them and because they cut a corner from the album it was like two bucks a bargin in my book even if the album sucked, but it was great I played that on my turntable over and over. I haven't heard it in ten years but now that its out on cd I will repurchase it and still keep my album cover.
B000002LND|4.0|First of all this is the first time I write a review on an item. And second,let's go with the important part.This greatest hits compilation is quite a very good one.From her Top 20 Holiday (1983) till Top 1 Vogue (1990) with 2 new songs Justify My Love and  Rescue Me (these 2 songs are very disappointing) All the versions of these hits are quite good but there's something missing: Hits like Who's That Girl (#1 in 1987),True Blue (#3 in 1986),Angel (#5 in 1985),Dress You Up (#5 in 1985),Causing A Commotion (#2 in 1987),Oh Father (#20 in 1989) and Keep It Together (#8 in 1989) It would be even better.For being an artist of these magnitude,this greatest hits compilation should have been 2 CD's because she deserves it. And should be re-released with new songs (1992 onwards)END
0446608955|5.0|As a reader of mostly non-fiction, I found this book when my wife brought it home. Once I started reading it, I could not put it down. Jamie is the girl that wants to live her life the way that God wants us to, and Landon ends up living the life we all wish we had. This book haunted me for days. I just could not stop thinking about it. Congratulations Nicholas Sparks on another winner.
B00004Y635|4.0|Ok,... I do NOT think this movie is scary,(it is suspensful, but not scary), and I do NOT think it is as good as 'Scream'-the 1996 thriller that gave the Box-Office a '90s horror shake- , but in some ways it is better.    I enjoyed the idea of 'Stab 3' and of Sidney hiding out in the hills of Los Angeles, but it just doesn't have that wonderful, creepy, jump-to-the-edge-of-your-seat fun that 'Scream' was totally filled to the brim with! Only see 'Scream 3' if you have seen the first two (1996 &amp; 1997), or else you will not have one CLUE WHAT IS GOING ON!     I also thought that it was kind of sad that the cameos in this film,(Jenny McCarthy, Parker Posey etc.) - are more exciting than the lead roles! ( Although Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox Arquette and David Arquette are excellent and experienced actors).    And, I just wish that it was MORE SCARY! I WANT IT TO BE MORE SCARY!   So, see 'Scream 3' today because over all it was a great '90s horror flick, but don't forget the original 'Scream' (the best, too).    Starring: Neve Campbell, David Arquette, Courteney Cox Arquette, -and featuring Parker Posey and Jenny McCarthy.   Check out my other reviews for : 'Scream', 'National Lampoon's Vacation', 'Finding Forrester', 'Scream 2','Con Air', 'The Family Man', 'Father of the Bride', 'Vegas Vacation', 'Romy and Michelle's Highschool Reunion', and much much more!
0446677450|3.0|I purchased this book after seeing it on the New York Times best seller list.  While it offered a few good points to ponder, it was a frustrating read. It was redundant, and the author rarely went into enough depth to make this at all practical. <br />...An aside.  I couldn't help but feel sorry for his real &quot;educated&quot; dad who was continually slammed in this book.  The rich dad/poor dad metaphor got a little old by the end.
6304675348|5.0|Although it is NOT incredibly SCARY, it is pretty darn suspensful!    Neve Campbell is Sidney Prescott, - a teenage girl who lost her mother from a murder about a year ago, and is still getting over the whole thing. When her small hometown of Woodsboro experiences two first-degree murderers from an unknown ..I mean UNKNOWN- killer, Sidney and her friends fight to find out the truth behind their fellow teenage friends' murders. Wes Craven (A Nightmare on Elm Street) did a wonderful job producing this film, and I give it an A+!    Starring : Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, and David Arquette.    Featuring a cameo by Drew Barrymore.   See 'Scream' today!    Check out my other reviews for 'Scream2', 'Scream 3', 'National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation', 'Dumb and Dumber','The Family Man', and many many more!
B00004T0US|5.0|The original Moody Blue album is one of my favorite records of all-time. Elvis, who could sing anything and make it sound like gold was sadly in poor health when he recorded these tracks. He had lost his passion for life and was terribly unhappy. His soul was crying out and the evidence is on this, his final album. These are perhaps the most moving performances of his career. They are unlike anything else you will ever hear.  This album is beefed up with his previous release, &quot;From Elvis Presley Boulevard&quot;. Another terrific album along the same lines but a little more country oriented. RCA did a bang up job with this release. Those not familiar with these tracks will find that Elvis Presley was not only the King of Rock and Roll, but he was also one of the most incredible artists this world will will ever know. Bravo!
B00005214X|5.0|George Harrison, probably the most laconic of the Beatles, explodes in this true masterpiece of musical work. Of all the solo albums that all the former Beatles have released since the breakup 30 years ago, this is the best. If you are under 30 years old and wonder who George Harrison is, listen to this album and you will discover who he is. Harrison shows that like Lennon and McCartney, he is a master songwriter and musician. The lead songs &quot;Isn't It a Pity&quot;, &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot;, and &quot;What Is Life&quot; are songs of the first caliber and rival anything the Beatles put out as a group. Fantastic, simply fantastic. Buy it!!!
B000003CMB|5.0|You're not reading that wrong, I truly do believe that this is the best rock album ever released, as it truly brings together perfectly all the influences before it and synthesizes them into a unique whole.  While the album truly includes some of the greatest rock jams ever recorded (&quot;In Memory of Elizabeth Reed,&quot; &quot;You Don't Love Me&quot;), it also includes great songwriting, which helps to keep the jams more focused. This is particularly evident on the 23 minute &quot;Whipping Post,&quot; which never, at any moment, sags due to indulgent or directionless jamming. While this may be a testament to great songwriting, it also reveals the fact that the Allmans understood the concept of an extended jam. Unlike other bands who seem to wait for things to happen while they were jamming (the Dead), the Allmans made things happen in their music. This album is full of intense, incredibly exciting music that &quot;set a bar&quot; on rock music that have never been reached, even to this day.  Not only do the longer songs kick [ butt], but shorter tunes like the slide showcases &quot;Statesboro Blues&quot; and &quot;Done Somebody Wrong&quot; hold up over repetitive listens(trust me, I've played this album thousands of times). While latter fans of the band (&quot;Ramblin' Man&quot; and albums released after Duane and Berry's deaths) like to compare the Allmans to Lynyrd Skynyrd and other 70s Southern Rock Bands, this version of the Allmans is not even in the same class as those bands.  This music is not &quot;Southern Rock&quot; as many have come to know &quot;Southern Rock&quot;; this is bluesy-jazz-rock music that rivals any of the great works of John Coltrane or Miles Davis(&quot;Elizabeth Reed&quot; is even a tribute to Miles). No other rock album can really be compared to this one, as no rock band has ever played so fluently and effortlessly together for such an extended period of time(3 songs out of 7 over 10 minutes) without losing the audiences' interest. I'm sure you were waiting for me to mention the Duane Allman and his stellar playing on this album, as he truly shines throughout.  His solos on &quot;Elizabeth Reed,&quot; &quot;Statesboro Blues&quot; and &quot;Whipping Post&quot; make one realize the how much the music world truly lost when Duane died.  Nevertheless, Duane's playing is not the only great guitar work on the disc, as Dickey Betts tears through his solos on &quot;Stormy Monday,&quot; &quot;Whipping Post,&quot; and &quot;You Don't Love Me.&quot; Their combined guitar skill make this album essential for anyone (I mean anyone) who has ever liked great guitar music. But be prepared, this album will make you disappointed in all the other rock music you'll hear after it. No one ever played liked these guys did on those March nights at the Fillmore in 1971, and no one ever will.
B000005YZM|5.0|I admit that I missed Odessey And Oracle by The Zombies during the 60's.  Sure, I loved Time of the Season but thought that the album would be like other AM radio bands of the time, one killer song and the rest of the album filled with filler.  Boy was I wrong!!!  Over time I began to read much about this album and The Zombies, about how masterful each track was and the craft that went into the making of this album (The Zombies last official LP). Convinced that I was missing something special, I went out and bought the 30th Anniversary Edition and was totally floored by it.  Each song is a masterpiece.  Anyone familiar with Guided By Voices or any of the Elephant 6 bands (Olivia Tremor Control, The Minders, Apples in Stereo) will hear where their creativity stems from (along with late 60's Beach Boys and Kinks).  If you are a music lover of well-crafted and produced material, and don't already own this CD, you must add it to your collection, immediately.  You will not regret it.
6303234844|5.0|Without a doubt, the best concert video ever.  Magnificently staged, beautifully photographed, wonderful performances by outstanding artists.  What could be better?<br />I feel fortunate to own this video on Laserdisc, because the VHS copy would have been worn to dust by now.  I pray it will be released someday on DVD.
B000002UAR|5.0|Well! For once, VH-1 got it right in their poll. Revolver is indeed the best rock album ever released (I'd rank the Stones' Let It Bleed as #2 myself, but that's me). I'm glad they didn't go the obvious route and pick Sgt. Pepper on this one. Not that there's anything wrong with Pepper, mind you; it's still a classic album. It just hasn't aged as well as one might hope. It's too much an album stuck in the time when it was released -- the sad fate of good music which captures its era a little too well. Listening to Pepper now, one can pick out things that are oversweet (&quot;She's Leaving Home,&quot; &quot;When I'm Sixty-Four,&quot;) or obvious pieces of filler, though the Beatles might not have intended them that way at the time (&quot;Good Morning Good Morning&quot; springs immediately to mind). Don't get me wrong, I'm not putting Pepper down; as I said, it's still a classic. But Revolver, Pepper's immediate predecessor, has held up far better, because it was not stuck in its time...rather, it is timeless. Consider: there is no filler on this album. Every song, even &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot; -- which I personally could go the rest of my life without hearing again -- sounds like it belongs on this album, like it's there for a reason. More, the songs sound for the most part like they could be hits today. &quot;Got to Get You Into My Life&quot;, &quot;Taxman&quot;, and &quot;And Your Bird Can Sing&quot; would sound totally fresh on the radio today...not to mention being light-years beyond most modern radio hits! Other songs, such as &quot;Here There and Everywhere&quot; and &quot;I'm Only Sleeping,&quot; would be perfect Adult Contemporary radio fodder. And then we come to &quot;She Said She Said&quot; and most especially &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; -- and realize just how good the Beatles were, how totally ahead of their time some of their songs were. &quot;She Said She Said&quot;, with its trippy, introspective lyrics, presages a lot of the soul-searching alt-rock breast-beating of the '90's. And &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;? Well, what can I say? What can anyone say about a song which completely and accurately predicts the so-called &quot;electronica&quot; movement of the last couple of years? Think about it! &quot;Tomorrow&quot; wouldn't sound out of place on a Chemical Brothers CD -- in fact, their song &quot;Setting Sun&quot; samples from &quot;Tomorrow's&quot; manic, almost hip-hop-ish drumbeat. This is the main reason why, in my mind, Revolver is far and away the Beatles' best album -- its contemporary songs sound good today, and its more experimental moments sound totally contemporary now. That's one heck of an accomplishment...and to think, just four years before, the Beatles were singing songs like &quot;Love Me Do&quot; and &quot;Please Please Me&quot;! That's not just a quantum leap, that's bloody lightspeed, mate! (FINAL NOTE: Another reason this album is my favorite is because George actually gets three Harrisongs on the album -- George being the most underrated member of the Beatles, I'm always glad to see when he gets the recognition that really is his due...whether from his bandmates, or from lowly review-writing schlubs such as I. Here's to you, George...Hari Krishna, Hari Lambda, Hari Hari, Yeah Yeah Yeah!)
0671043013|5.0|I usually buy CD books for my daily commute. Most of them I &quot;read&quot; and then I sell them. Angela's Ashes, however, will stay with me.  The story is sad, because it talks about a difficult life, but it will also make you laugh.  Overall, it's just a beautiful story. And you can't beat the pleasure of having the author reading for you. You simply know that he's giving each word the exact meaning it had for him when he wrote this book.
0446310786|5.0|I have read this book twice, first in 8th grade in middle-school, and again last year, when I was a sophmore in high school.  I admit that the first time I read it I was a little biased.  I didn't understand the meaning of many words, didn't like the vulger language, and found it to be tedious.  But after two years I read this book again and now I can forgive myself for my misunderstanding.  I was older and more eduacted, so I understood the language better.  And I was very quickly captivated by the images of the children.  To see young children in their activities, slang conversations, and wild imaginations made the story comical, adoreable, and fun.  The book broadens its descriptions and paints a picture of the whole town.  Rich details are given of social status, law, eduaction, community, and relations in the town.  The time period is the Great Depression and the setting is Alabama, which is a perfect setting indeed!  The poverty of the land and pride of the south is so well percieved.  Every major and minor character has importance and a well drawn characterization.  This book goes into great depth in human nature and behavior.  We see the tenderness and kind loving qualities of many people, but then in some people we see aggresion, slothfulness, and extreme prejudice.  There are many prejudices in the whole story, which relate to racism, but also judging others by stereotypes.  If there was ever such a book that gave the most powerful message on prejudice, this is the book, &quot;To Kill a Mockingbird&quot;.  Mockingbirds bring such beauty and joy to the world through their songs and wouldn't it be so harsh to kill one?  As a satire on society, a messeage on life, and vision of human beings alike, &quot;To Kill A Mockingbird&quot;, is a beautiful story of humor, happiness, sadness, and all emotions.  This a must read!
0802130208|4.0|I'm still not sure what to make of &quot;A Confederacy of Dunces.&quot; I read it in part because it won the Pulitzer and in part because a reviewer compared &quot;To Say Nothing of the Dog&quot; (a favorite novel of mine) to it. This book has nothing in common with To Say Nothing of the Dog; and I don't know what makes A Confederacy of Dunces (or any book) win the Pulitzer.<br />The main character, Ignatius J. Reilly, is articulate. That is about the only thing he has going for him. He is rude, obese, condescending, masochistic, disgusting and deluded. Believing himself better than everyone and everything he comes across, Ignatius finds himself in a series of odd situations. He sees every movie that comes out, only to shout at the screen &quot;What is this filmed abortion?!&quot; His &quot;valve&quot; closes and causes bloating every time he is faced with something he doesn't like (which is all the time).<br />Ignatius' long-suffering mother tells him to find a job. Despite his odd Oedipal attachment (he is 30 and still lives with his mom), Ignatius screams that she should be lashed for such a suggestion. His first job is at the failing Levy Pants, to do filing. He spends his time creating signs and crosses from cardboard and &quot;files&quot; papers into the garbage. Ignatius' second job is as a hot-dog vendor; he refuses to sell them and eats them all himself. He writes diatribes about the world around him, and progressively gets more and more crazed. His rude, articulate speeches are hilarious in his delusion of self-importance.<br />&quot;A Confederacy of Dunces&quot; is filled with other crazed characters: Ignatius' mother, a policeman forced to go undercover in silly disguises, the ancient Miss Trixie and a professor who doesn't quite seem to fit in to the story. As someone else noted, several characters rely on out-dated stereotypes (a gay man and a black man). This, unfortunately, detracts from otherwise fascinating charaterization. All the characters are linked by Ignatius -- and the complete havoc he wreaks on their lives. Everything Ignatius leaves in his wake comes crashing together in the end.<br />Was this book well-written? Definitely. Was it fast-paced and interesting? Yes. Was it funny, witty and sarcastic? Yes. My only problem is that it's difficult to separate my feelings toward Ignatius from my feelings toward the book. I couldn't stand Ignatius. John Kennedy Toole did a brilliant job creating Ignatius (someone so preposterous yet so believable). Ignatius made me groan and laugh at the same time. I loved the characterization, but I hated Ignatius.
B00005214X|5.0|This may be the best Beatle solo album, rivaled only by John's Plastic Ono Band.The songs are very good and better than most of Paul's solo material.The re-release sounds good and has nice liner notes.The bonus tracks are good but don't really add to the overall impact of the album. If you're a Beatles fan get this album; even if you're not a Beatles fan(isn't everybody a Beatles fan?)I still recommend this CD.
B000050IKM|5.0|My 14 mo. daughter absolutly loves to watch Baby Bach when she is getting ready to go to sleep.  Baby Bach helps to calm my very active daughter down for the night and when she gets tired she points to the VCR and tries to say Baby Bach.  I've bought other videos designed for my daughters age and no other than the Baby Einstein line have been able to keep her attention.  Well worth the money.
0440219078|5.0|My Review consists of the following coments... 1)In the book &quot;the Giver&quot; there were many topics and many characters that made the book so much more interesting and so much more indepth that readers from age 10-100 could read this book and all of them would get something different from it. 2)The author made this book have more then 1 topic which made it so you didn't get stuck with 1 topic and then get bored with the book in the first 15 minutes of reading. 3)When I picked up &quot;the Giver&quot; looking for a good and interesting book to read and I deffinetly got the book I was looking for.Sence my first reading of this book I have read it 5 times, I can't put this book down.I get down with it and then start all over on chapter 1. The last thing that I want to say is thank you Lois Lowry for writing such a wonderfull book, hope to read more of your books.
B00000JMOF|5.0|There was no one like Boris Karloff and there never will be.  Who else, other than perhaps Bela Lugosi as Dracula, has managed to create a such an iconic cinematic character?  Karloff's monster is brilliantly infused with dignity, an innate innocence and a true non-comprehension of the rejection he suffers so brutally at the hands of his unresponsible creator.<br />All this ... without uttering one, single word.<br />I saw James Whale's &quot;Frankenstein&quot; many years ago, when I was a teenager, and appreciated it then as a classic film.  Having viewed it again through the eyes of an adult with a bit more age, experience and knowledge, I am moved - literally - to tears by the emotional depths Karloff gives his poor, mute character as he staggers wildly about the screen, terrified and terrifying, cut loose from his creator in the most wrenching of ways.  That performance is testiment to Karloff's towering talent for character interpretation and a credit to James Whale's directorial abilities.<br />It doesn't matter that the film fails to follow Mary Shelley's novel word for word and, indeed, leaves out a great many important portions of it.  I once condemned it for this, but I see now that I was wrong.  Whale's &quot;Frankenstein&quot; distills the original novel down to its basic premises:  the responsibilities of creator to created;  the ethical questions that must surely arise when man attempts to emulate the devine; the universal human need for love; and the horrors that can result when we are denied that love.<br />As with &quot;Bride of Frankenstein&quot;, Whale's &quot;Frakenstein&quot; should be in every serious DVD collection.  Extra goodies such as production notes, trailers and a documentary entitled, &quot;The Frankenstein Files: How Hollywood Made A Monster&quot; are there, too, as well as an intriguing short film called &quot;Boo!&quot;<br />Check it out - and return to the days when Hollywood studios made GOOD horror pictures.
B000000Y2F|5.0|This is a wonderful CD.  I like Coltrane and this is my first introduction to Monk.  Makes you want to kick back, open a bottle wine and enjoy the music.
B000051VWW|4.0|This album has a mixture of jazz instumentation, hip hop beats and a pop sensibility holding it all together.  Sade's voice is incredible in this album and the music will move you.  This opinion is coming from someone who's only Hip Hop influenced album is... Sade's &quot;Lover's Rock&quot;!!  I've only heard one other hip-hop female artist that is this impressive, Lauryn Hill, and I have yet to get her album.  The songs on this album vary from romantic to serious.  It's definitely mood music that, even if you don't play it every day, you will want to have it around for those special days.  This is an artist who takes on hip-hop beats without using lyrics that talk down to you.
B000002UB3|5.0|I first heard this album when I was sixteen. My attitude towards The Beatles then was that they were just a bunch of over-hyped pop stars who sang cheesy love songs (how wrong I was). I did like &quot;Come Together&quot; a lot though, so I had a listen to the album. I was blown away...I mean, I had heard a million times that The Beatles were the greatest band ever, but that didn't prepare me for something as amazing as this album. There is not a single subpar song on this album (well, okay, &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot; is kind of dippy). You have to listen to this album at least once in your life, and any rock collection that doesn't include Abbey Road has a large hole in it. <br />I agree with the reviewer below who claimed that certain parts of this album give him goosebumps- it's the same with me. It's hard to describe, but parts of this album have an incredible effect on me- they make me stop whatever I'm doing, and make me think, &quot;this is _amazing_.&quot; Some of these moments include the muffled &quot;shoot me&quot; refrain in &quot;Come Together,&quot; John's scream in the last verse of &quot;I Want You,&quot; the beautiful segue in &quot;Here Comes The Sun&quot; from the bridge section (&quot;Sun sun sun, here it comes&quot; etc) to the verses (&quot;Little darling&quot; etc), and the moment in &quot;Because&quot; when they sing &quot;Love is all, love is new,&quot; and a distorted mellotron (I think) begins to play. My favourite moment, though, is the orchestral reprise of &quot;You Never Give Me Your Money&quot; in &quot;Carry That Weight&quot;; I strongly believe that that moment is the greatest in rock history- somehow they transform the nonsensical lines &quot;I never give you my pillow/I only send you my invitations/And in the middle of the celebrations/I break down&quot; into a heartbreaking lament. Absolutely stunning. If you have this album, listen to it now, if you don't, buy it! Highly recommend.
B000003CMC|5.0|I'm 43 years old and have been listening to this album for probably 33 of those years. And I still love it! It is my form of classical music, tasteful, forceful, reflective. Blues at its best, high end rock indeed....
B000002U8G|4.0|Meddle isn't the greatest Pink Floyd album- that title is reserved for Animals -but it's a very good album nonetheless. Here is where the &quot;classic Pink&quot; sound came together: dark gloomy rockers, pleasant acoustic ballads, and lengthy but gripping song-suites. I don't care that much for &quot;San Tropez,&quot; &quot;Seamus,&quot; or &quot;A Pillow Of Winds,&quot; all three are just a bit too light and unassuming and tend to pass me right by. &quot;One Of These Days&quot; is amazing, however: it is Floyd's hardest and best rocker (well, except for maybe the version of &quot;Run Like Hell&quot; on the new Wall Live album), and the bass in the song is spectacular- another example of Roger Waters's greatly underrated talent as a bass player.  &quot;Fearless&quot; competes with &quot;Nobody Home&quot; in my mind for Best Floyd Ballad; the only weak point of the track are the closing crowd noises, which can be annoying at times.  And finally, &quot;Echoes&quot; shows that the Floyd had finally managed to master the epic, side-long song, which would pave the way for the later epic concept albums.  Those of you praise Dark Side of the Moon should check this one out too- it's nowhere near as polished as Dark Side, but this and &quot;Obscured by Clouds&quot; are the direct parents of the music on Dark Side. You should get this album after listening to the &quot;big four&quot; Floyd albums- Dark Side, Wish You Were Here, Animals, and The Wall.
0553573403|5.0|If you are in any way shape or form interested in fantasy get this book.  If you are not interested in fantasy get this book and you probably will become interested in fantasy.  One of the best series i have ever read, and I have read quite a few of them.  The character development and intrigue is amazing.  It can, however, get graphic.
1573225517|2.0|I am a big fan of men.  I've had and maintained plenty of strong male friendships through the years.  Because of the career i chose, the vast majority of my colleagues in school and in my professional life have been men.  I work with mostly men now.  I supervise a staff of three women, and there is no doubt in my mind my life would be easier if they were men.  I have married twice.  In summary, i love men, i feel at ease with them, i enjoy observing them, i like the camaraderie, the lack of pettiness that is so very feminine.  Yet there are some things about men that annoy the heck out of me.  This book does an excellent job at portraying those things.<br />I remember when this book hit the stores a few years ago.  I heard at least three men (two in person, one on the radio) complain that the book was giving away secrets about the male psyche.  That was the biggest laugh i got from this book.  Basically, the story is about a guy, a bit of a loser, whose heart (feel free to substitute the word 'heart' for 'pride', or even 'gonads') has been broken, yet again.  He commiserates and philosophizes with his equally inept friends for the entire length of the novel.  One good point about the book is that it portrays how infantile 30-something single males can be when left in a pack.  This is a universal truth, valid in England and the US alike.  My recommendation is that you must be entertained observing infantile behavior of the male species to enjoy this novel.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I always listened to other types of music before I bought this cd . I downloaded MP3s of Beatles from ... and thats what got me hooked to the Beatles . So I was convinced by the quality of the their music so I bought this cd and i listened to it almost all the time and none of my other albums . I liked most of the songs on the Beatles 1 and I got a chance to listen to their music more in life than any other band except for Nirvana . I recommend these cds to new Beatles fans , but first download some Beatles MP3s to see whats it like then buy this album .
B00004XONN|5.0|It is unfair to analyze this record track by track.  Like Ok Computer, it has to be listened to as one composition as a whole album, and lots of times.  Every time you hear it you'll love it more and more.
B00003W8NM|5.0|If you are wondering whether or not to purchase this movie on DVD or VHS, the DVD version is definitely the way to go. It includes 2 Discs, the second disc devoted entirely to extra features. The Features include: Deleted Scenes, Five different Commentaries, Theatrical Trailers, Five deleted scenes, Outtakes, A Gallery of Pictures &amp; art, a Behind the Scenes look at how the movie was made, and a widescreen format. After the movie is over, you'll settle down on your couch to watch the second disc as a second feature. I think that Fight Club is one of the best movies of the last 10 years... and a great addition to anyone's DVD collection.
0375804013|5.0|This book is in some of my earliest memories! I loved it then and I love it now. Apart from being so funny and beautifully illustrated, it also contains a sweet lesson about getting over your fears. Children of all ages will enjoy this book!
B000007R13|3.0|Don't get me wrong the band sounds great but the recording in DTS is kind of messed up.  Too much sound coming from rear speakers makes it sound like the band is behind you.
B00004Y6Q5|3.0|After seeing the film, I rushed out to buy this cd, because I felt that the music was such an important aspect of the emotional impact the movie had. That coupled with the fact that I thought that the pi soundtrack was brilliant, as well as being a fairly big fan of PWEI, I figured that this would be a no-brainer great purchase.<br />I was actually somewhat disappointed that the tracks with the Quartet were few, and also very short. One thing about this soundtrack that makes it drop a few notches to 3 stars is the fact that the songs are set up exactly as they are in the film...Now, this is a neat concept, arranging a soundtrack in an identical manner to how it appears in the film, but I think it would have benefited more from having had some extended versions of some of the songs.<br />The first and last few songs are amazing, but there's 20 someodd tracks of repetitive music in between, that while still good, doesn't capture the same intensity, or provoke the same reaction.
630440607X|4.0|There's always a risk in filming historical persona and events.  For a variety of reasons,  Americans are particularly clumsy at this process.  The lack of long-term national traditions is  a major factor.  Another is the desire to be innovative.  Introducing new elements to a story is  mind-expanding, but almost forces historical flaws.  What we don't know we can fabricate.  If  it's done with the right actors and visual appeal, the accuracy can be overlooked.  This film is  a perfect example of a production that shreds historical accuracy and tradition, but gives us a  superb adventure story delivered within an excellent visual environment.<br />&quot;Men in Tights&quot; was right - Costner doesn't sound British.  His effort in this film is certainly a  prime example of how Americans see the Middle Ages - stilted language, stiff delivery and  an exaggerated idealism.  Morgan Freeman doesn't sound terribly Arabic, nor are we given a  hint as to where his English language capabilities were obtained. Yet he adds so much to this production James Robinson must be congratulated for including him.  Alan Rickman, who nearly  walks away with this film, is perhaps the most convincing character.  With the possible  exception of Michael McShane, whose Friar Tuck is certainly a departure from traditional  portrayals, but which likely is the most accurate.<br />Given all this carping, Robin Hood is a fine film in its own right.  With the American  penchant for simplicity, the story becomes a contest between good and evil, period.  We're  able to overlook the issue of how the crusades nearly bankrupted England.  Tax collectors  don't win popularity contests anywhere.  Rickman is just the worst of a bad lot, and gives  Nottingham's character an aura of evil rarely encountered.  One can't help but wonder what  this film would have been like if he'd played Nottingham's boss, King John.  Certainly, it  might have made the surprise ending with Big Tam's [Sean Connery] cameo as Richard more  interesting.  In all events, this film is well worth the investment so long as you don't take it as  history.  It was a lucky investment for me, since i bought it in VHS.  The DVD customers seem  to have had a rough road.hard more  interesting.  In all events, this film is well worth the investment so long as you don't take it as  history.  It was a lucky investment for me, since i bought it in VHS.  The DVD customers seem  to have had a rough road.
6301390725|5.0|Quite simply the best Disney film ever made! Yes I've read many reviews by the so called experts telling us about how weak it is compared to Mary Poppins, well 'rubbish' is what I say. This film is a league above Poppins. Its so much more enjoyable to see the brilliant (now late) David Tomlinson play a good guy as opposed to the villain in Poppins and especially The Love Bug. Its one of those films that seems to be over before its started, even though its almost 2 hours long, the time just flows away when watching it. And as they say, time flys when you're enjoying yourself. The children are suberb, the animation is excellent, the special effects are extremely convincing and the spells are addictive. Come on now kids.. you can't tell me you werent shouting &quot;..traguna mercoides tracorem satus dee..&quot; at the top of your voice in the vein hope that it might work?.. LOL! My final appraisal has to go to the marvellous Angela Lansbury who's suberb performance in this film is whole key to its success. She's prim, she's proper, she's English, but most of all she's a true gem of actress! Her talent is wasted on too many highly predictable Murder She Wrotes!
0783225733|5.0|I first watched the movie way back when it was in theatres before I got my interest in Apollo.  They fire was lit in 8th grade when I watched the movie to take up class time, the movie sparked my interest in Apollo.  I bought the VHS and must have watched it 20 times or more, maybe 30, and the tape is worn out.  I never get tired of it, I get chills everytime during the elation of everyone after reentry, and DVD's capabilities make the experience that much better.  BUY IT, LOVE IT!!
0670880728|3.0|A friend lent me this book but told me not to bother returning it - to give it to a charity shop if I didn't want to keep it.  She thought it was quite amusing but nothing special - and when I had read the book I agreed with her.  There is nothing new or original here and the book is not even very funny.  I found Bridget very childish and self-obsessed for a woman in her thirties - in fact much of the book reminded me of a diary I used to keep when I was fourteen!   I thought H.Fielding was trying to copy the Adrian Mole diaries without really succeeding - probably because Sue Townsend is a much funnier writer. <br />This book reminds me of the Harry Potter series in that it seems to have been hyped up into becoming an international best-seller, without really offering anything new to the reader.  It's a averagely good book to read on the beach - not a scintillating insight into the life of a single woman ...
B0000070SN|5.0|For a band who became famous for having a voluptuous female dancer called Stacia that used to get her kit off, Hawkwind haven't half released a lot of albums in their thirty one year career, and yes this poor mutt's got everyone of them, they even had a hit single in 1972, when \\"Silver Machine\\" reached No 3 in Britain and they all stood motionless on Top of the Pops. The line up to Hawkwind has been so unstable that sometimes, the line-up on the front of the cover of an album is different to the one on the back, because somebody left, or joined, or split in two, or combusted. The list of musicians is endless, but to mention some of the more incredible are Ian Kiliminster (Lemmy of Motorhead to you guvnor) Bob Calvert, Hyw Lloyd Langton, Dave Brock, Nik Turner, Simon House, Harvey Bainbridge, Dik Mik, (who was in the band for two whole years before the others realized he wasn't a musician) and unbelievably Ginger Baker, who must of woken up wondering what happened to Eric &amp; Jack.<br />Through all the turmoil of changes they just kept on going, making Spinal Tap look serious, creating their own genre of music called (roll of drums) \\"Space Rock\\", all the time making bands like Pink Floyd seem very straight. 31 years after the first Hawkwind gig they are still going today, I can't tell you what the line up is as it will have changed in the last half an hour, but it doesn't matter, as Dave the Dog said if you can't headbang all the way through the 11 minutes &amp; 32 seconds of Brainstorm, then your ready for a collar and lead. If you want to see what I mean about Stacia, get the double C.D. Space Ritual, I don't know about Space Rock, but definetly Space. Mott the Dog.
0790729725|5.0|Goodfellas is martin scorseses blunt look at the unscruplous life of Henry Hill, who dreamed of being a gangster growing up in his low life neighborhood. The film chronicles his &quot;rags to riches&quot; life that ends when he is forced to rat on his friends and enter a witness protection program. The film has a much harder edge to it than The Godfather; containing vibrant but grotesque characters that deserve little sympathy. The fast kinetic editing and period music add immensely to the overall effect of goodfellas. Not since Coppola has a director been able to absorb so many elements into a gangster flic but make it a creation entirely his own. Certainly one of the more violent mob movies made, it justifies every action made on screen. There are no filler scenes or excess blood to please the viewer. By the end, one has an understanding of all aspects of &quot;the life&quot; including that of the wives as well. With the exception of one scene, there are not too many surprises in Goodfellas, which speaks volumes about its power. It is able to keep the viewer hooked for 2 and a half hours moving from point A (Henry's childhood) to point B ( His exit from &quot;the life&quot;). Ray Liotta does a remarkable job in the lead role, but the supporting cast is brilliant. Pesci, DeNiro, Paul Sorvino, Loraine Bracco, and the rest of the &quot;crew&quot; make perfect caricatures out of the cliche gangster mentality.
B00004Y6NW|5.0|With this eponymous debut, Dire Straits plants its flag on the hill, both defining its sound and setting the new standard for contemporary guitarists. Remarkably confident and accomplished, Dire Straits manages to pay tribute to its influences without mimicing or cheapening them. Simultaneously, it avoids the temptation to give into the punk revolution taking place around London, or to toss in a pop single to get a radio hit. The result is an rock-solid collection of blusey, earthy tracks, each as good as the last. <br />While there are many influences present -- the Mississippi delta, Louisiana's bayous, Nashville's honkytonks, J.J Cale's simple genius, B.B. King's thrifty fills, Steely Dan's eerie precision -- none overwhelms. Instead, each supports a timeless, uniquely English take on roots music that stands up to endless repeat listenings.<br />While Knopfler's virtuoso guitar certainly helps, it's still astounding that a band could spawn so many flawless songs on one album, let alone a debut. While &quot;Sultans of Swing&quot; has become an AOR staple, it remains a tremendous song. &quot;Down to the Waterline&quot;'s driving beat, amazing fills and gorgeous break make it a favorite, and the gentle, Dobro-infused  &quot;Water of Love&quot; is nothing short of a classic. If I had to find a &quot;flaw,&quot; it would be the country shuffle of &quot;Setting Me Up&quot; and &quot;Southbound Again.&quot; There's absolutely nothing wrong with either of these songs, but because so many American country artists offer a more authentic sound, they seem somehow less vital.<br />One of the few discs that will stay in my car's player for days on end. If you enjoy Dire Strait's sound, alt-country or the blues, or appreciate outstanding guitar work and well-crafted songs, this should prove to be a favorite. Enjoy.
B00000IAU3|5.0|There is NO comparison!  Dido is her own unique entity. Her voice has alost a haunting, calm about it (if you can imagine that).  Her sensual tones remind me of Sade, but let me tell you, this woman is singing all on her own.  She is singing in no one's shadow.  I first saw Dido on SNL singing with Eminen and was taken aback by her voice.  The song THANK YOU is one that moves me the most.  You will be enthralled by her style and so glad that you bought her album. Absolutely Fabulous!
B00005214X|5.0|WELL I GOT THE NEW CD BASED ON THE HYPE AND I WAS NOT LET DOWN GREAT MUSIC, THE BONUS TRACKS ARE ALITTLE BORING BUT THE REST IS FIRST CLASS. WHEN GEORGE MADE THIS HE SAID HE HAD THE BAND,S FIRST 2 LP'S IN MIND AND IT SHOWS AND JUST AS THOSE 2 ALBUMS ARE CLASSICS SO IS THIS ONE, BOTTOM LINE GET IT. MUSIC DOESN'T COME THIS GOOD ANYMORE AND IT NEVER WILL.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I have to say that this is one of my favorite movies of all times.  I was blown away when I saw it at the theatre.  I now have the DVD and it is great.  Lots of extras on the 2nd disc and the movie just gets better everytime I watch it.  Ridley Scott wasted no time getting to the meat of the subject and left absolutely no lulls in this film.  It is intense edge of your seat action from literally the first 5 minutes until the very end.  I am a huge fan of Epic type films like this, The Ten Commandments, Ben Hur, etc.  I hope to see more movies like this made in the future.  AWESOME.
B000008H1W|4.0|It may be hard to believe now, but around 1970, Tull were one of the biggest bands around -- up there with Led Zeppelin and the Rolling Stones.  Opinion tends to differ by country over which is the best Tull album: Brits tend to go for the 1969 STAND UP, while Americans usually pick AQUALUNG and THICK AS A BRICK as Tull's finest moments.<br />I side with the Americans on the Tull question.  But this album comes a close third.  UK critics panned it.  But then, they panned BRICK, PASSION PLAY and WAR CHILD (which did admittedly contain some poor songs).  The buying public generally disagreed, but by the time WAR CHILD emerged, Tull could no longer count on albums going to No. 1.<br />MINSTREL for me is one of the more successful concept albums.  Well, if it's not a concept album, it's certainly themed.  My schoolmate Alasdair got it as soon as it came out -- 26 years ago, an awful thought -- and I always imagined the band playing from a gallery.  Crazy really.  The title track is the one that makes it onto most Tull compilations -- a great mixture of acoustic start leading to electric conclusion, although it is no 'Stairway to Heaven'.<br />But 'Baker Street Muse' is the stand-out track, once you really get into the album.  The melody is just gorgeous, and Ian Anderson's witty lyrics provide the icing on the cake.  This is PG Wodehouse with a codpiece.<br />No-one will ever make an album like this again.  It is one of the  most crucial albums of the 70s, but I cannot award it five stars, because I've reserved them for AQUALUNG and BRICK.
6305807086|2.0|I didnt like this movie.  All the characters were wretched, except for malkovich, whom I felt sorry for.  Although there were a few comedic spots (the half floor, charlie sheen) over all, I found this movie to be depressing and sad.  The whole time I was watching this, I couldn't help but wonder why I would want to spend 2 hours with any of these people.
B000002MG1|5.0|R.E.M. to me, are, along with U2, one of the best bands to come out of the 80's and 90's, and the fact that these two bands are still going strong, just proves the point. &quot;Everbody hurts&quot; is now a classic, as well as &quot;Drive&quot;. &quot;Man on the moon&quot; got a fresh audience, thanks to the movie of the same name, and became a big hit again. This is a band that will never fade into oblivion. And this is an album that is just as brilliant today, as it was back in 1992. Not a bad song on it. From the first note to the last, this is a must have for all fans of rock.
B00004Y7SF|4.0|This disc was pure magic to play during the holidays. Christina's voice is so beautiful and inspiring that I nearly cried the first time I heard her interpretation of &quot;Oh Holy Night&quot;. I played this CD at my job for weeks leading up to Christmas and one of my co-workers who HATES teen pop even went out and bought a copy. Now that was an accomplishment, LOL. Original tunes like &quot;Christmas Time&quot;, &quot;This Year&quot; and &quot;These Are The Special Times&quot; stand out as beautiful, new holiday standards. Particularly &quot;These Are The Special Times&quot; which should've been released to radio and made into a video, Christina's voice and a Diane Warren composition seem to go hand in hand (witness the success of &quot;I Turn To You&quot;). Christina does however somewhat go a little overboard on the vocals but I think that adds all the more to the CD's quality, showing that she put her heart and soul into the performance which proves how much she cares about her art. &quot;Merry Christmas Baby&quot; and &quot;The Christmas Song&quot; stand out with the other classic standards as only Christina could make them.  The voice on this artist can't be described by words and her career is only just beginning, she's got a long way to go. Christina you're the BEST !!!!!!
B000002AQQ|5.0|A great compilation of songs from the 1950's through to 1980, as well as the original &quot;Forrest Gump Suite&quot; written by Alan Silvestri. I have never seen this movie, so can't compare this album on relation to the film, but it is kinda hard to believe that all of these songs actually played in the film. Plus, I understand that there is also another Forrest Gump cd of the original score music. So, how can one film have so much music within it? Maybe one day I shall check it out to see. But, as far as compilation cds go, this has a good variety. And you certainly don't need to see the movie to enjoy them.
014100018X|3.0|Chocolat if mostly a decent book that makes me wonder about two inaccuracies I found on it. Maybe someone can explain them to me or (since I read this book in spanish) the traduction was lousy. For instance, between chapters 14 and 15. Chapter 14 is dated on Monday, february 24th and 15 is Wednesday february 25th?. Wednesday?. On the other hand, Anouk is supposed to be six years old. Then, later, she's quoted carving her initials on a table when she got that age. And Vianne says it happened seven summers ago. This makes her a thirteen year old, right?. However the overall is simply ok,a mere average reading.
B00000I8UE|5.0|This album is a wonderful tribute to the late great Miles Davis. Whether they be songs that were written by Miles (to which Cassandra has written lyrics), or songs that Miles covered himself, or the 3 songs completely written by Cassandra, I think, no, I know, that Miles would be very happy with this album. She has a knack of creating a beautiful jazz atmosphere, using instruments that are not traditionally associated with jazz, like the greek bazouki and mandocello. This album will transport you to a small, intimate, after hours jazz club. Close your eyes, relax, and let your mind wander. This is a wonderful album...a must have for jazz lovers.
0553260111|5.0|Robert Ludlum's Bourne Identity is one of the best espionage novels ever published.  Action, mystery, and suspense are constnt throughout as Jason Bourne attempts to piece together his past and learn why the notorious killer Carlos, a.k.a. the Jackal, is out to get him.  This book and its two sequels are certainly worth purchasing.
0393317552|5.0|This is one of the better books in the last ten years.  It is best understood as a subtle and profound attack on racism.  One of the traditional justifications for racism is the assertion that some peoples had slower technological progress than others because they were not as bright, not as industrious, or both.<br />Diamond explodes the myth with an analysis of food sources and disease distribution which left some peoples in a better postion than others based on the physical and biological circumstances of where they lived.<br />This book is not for those with a slender knowledge of either biology or history, but for those with even an average knowledge of both, it is profound and fascinating.
B0000024K1|5.0|Public Enemy's 1988 &quot;It Takes A Nation of Million to Whole Us Back&quot; is one of the greatest Rap albums of all time, next to N.W.A. &quot;Straight Outta Compton&quot; and Beastie Boys &quot;Pauls Boutique&quot;. This album makes everything after it look juvenile and basically retarded. Chuck D and Flavor Flav rap on everything from inner city turmoil to praising Farahkhan (i think thats how you spell his name). The song &quot;Don't Belive the Hype&quot; is with out a doubt, the greatest rap song ever. From the beats, the ryme flow, to the lyrics, make it undoubtedly the greatest. Other notable tracks include &quot;Prophets of Rage&quot;, &quot;Terminator X to the Edge of Panic&quot;, and &quot;Black Steel in the Hour of Chaos&quot;. The Bomb Squad and Terminator X, the musical brains of the operation, should get big kudos as well for creating a record that is as challenging sonically as it is lyrically. Over all, this album makes all rap records after it, (most namely a little blond imp who deserves to be castrated, you know who you are, MARSHAL) seem completly juvenile and lacking any actual thought in what they rap about. The only thing that could be left to say is to belive the hype, and get your hands on this album as fast as possible.
B00004YA66|5.0|Let me ask you a question: when you think of a science fiction movie (fantasy included), what do you think of?......If you thought either &quot;Star Wars&quot; or a lot of special effects, you are like every other person in this world. However, we have been mislead. Today, we don't need computers to do the work. In reality, a good plot with good acting does the job quite well. <br />Frequency is one of those films. I saw this when it came to video, and I watched it several times thereafter. However, I expected the son to be a teenager, not a 35 year-old. He was a little annoying at the beginning, but maybe that was his character. As John's character progressed throughout the film, he became somebody to cheer for. <br />Well, here's the plot if you don't know already. When John was a child, his son was killed in a fire. When he is 35, he takes out his Dad's old ham radio and experiments with it, only to find himself talking to his father from the past. He even talks to himself when he was a kid! Yeah, it seems strange and unbelievable, but it works very well. (Mainly because of the sun-spot theory in the film.) <br />The special effects are nearly non-existant. There are very few in the entire film, and they are not needed. The plot--the great plot with a lot of twists!--, carries the movie completely from start to finish. You won't even notice the slowness of some scenes because of this. However, I did have a few questions: one was a question as to why his father could suddenly become a super hero when he was just a fireman. I didn't fully believe that, but it's small, therefore you don't think of it. <br />The acting is supurb--and even the New York accents are believable. I haven't said much about the plot because I don't want to give anything away. All I said is what you'd see on your average TV commercial, and that's it. At this point I am trying to persaude each and every one of you out there to get this film for yourself and watch the surprises. I can't say enough about this movie; it deserves high ranks...it was certainly a lot better than a lot of movies I've seen that have one Oscars for pure junk! I won't elaborate on those movies here, however.
6305696071|5.0|Pretty woman is an enchanting tale of love as it should be.  Julia Roberts sparkles and Richard Gere is as stunning today as he was when this film was first released.  I purchased the DVD because I wore out my video!! This is a must own for all of us hopeless romantics.  I had to take time out from watching it (a rented copy) just to write this review!  I really hope that you will all take the time to enjoy the fairy tale that is pretty woman. This is not just a chick flick, it's a magic carpet ride that us men can enjoy too. I hope you will all find this review useful <br />Love <br />Me
0446677450|3.0|This investment book has good parts.  The beginning is a little bit redundant as it beats to death the same theory that being your own boss is far more advantageous than working for somebody else.  What Mr. Kiyosaki does not realize is that not everyone is cut out to be his own boss.  It takes a lot of business savvy to run your business successfully. Training can help some people but not everyone.  However, business education should take place in schools even on the Elementary Level.  Its too bad Kiyosaki does not give more examples on how our schools can teach children to learn more about finacial matters.  He merely talks about his games for children as well as adults.  The games do seem helpful.  However, if Kiyosaki wants to help our society more, he should consider lowering the price on his merchandise.<br />Kiyosaki starts to provide better ideas towards the last third of the book.  Adults should seek out other resources to improve their financial position in this rat race world.  His idea about exploring the Foreclosure Market for Real Estate Purchases is excellent.  He explains this point in easy to read detail.  He also encourages those people who fit into the &quot;employee&quot; category to start saving early and to take calculated risks.  Another good point is to seek out classes to improve one's knowledge of the stock market.  He makes a decent point to think about the benefit of the class rather than the cost of it.  Kiyokasi needs to realize that there are courses out there that are less expensive than the ones he mentions.<br />The section about incorporating yourself to avoid paying hihg taxes is possibly the highlight of the book.  Many people can take advantage of this and combine it with investment and real estate pursuits.  It involves a lot of study and hardwork which Kiyosaki to provide some more detail on to help out the consumer.<br />The charts he uses to emphasize paying yourself first are basically correct but could use more development. There should be some more detail provided for those who struggle to make a living.  The recommended reading at the end of the book provides a nice reference without being overwhelming.  Its good that Kiyosaki recognizes the acheivements of his colleauges.<br />In general, this is a nice overview.  Many people could change their ways about viewing money from reading this book. Prehaps Kiyosaki gives more detailed examples in his other books or videos.. There should be some more detail provided for those who struggle to make a living.  The recommended reading at the end of the book provides a nice reference without being overwhelming.  Its good that Kiyosaki recognizes the acheivements of his colleauges.<br />In general, this is a nice overview.  Many people could change their ways about viewing money from reading this book. Prehaps Kiyosaki gives more detailed examples in his other books or videos.
B000006OAM|5.0|Upon first listening to this CD- it was the first one I listened to by MS. Merchant- I was struck by the depth it had. When you turn on stations like MTV and see what they have to offer (which, to be precise, consists mainly of shallow, superficial &quot;artists&quot;), and then listen to this CD, it becomes apparent that while some critics have dismissed her efforts, she remains so much more affecting then most any other artist out there.<br />&quot;My Skin&quot; is a song I feel compelled to discuss in this review. It's the most haunting song I've ever heard, and yes, while it is sad, it also contains hope.<br />Of course, there are other excellent tracks as well, but other reviewers have already mentioned those. While it is a serious disk- for the most part- it is far from the word &quot;gloomy&quot; as a critic neglected to say. It is sensuous, at times moving.<br />This is powerful music, and I'm glad Merchant chose this new, more mature sound- it suits her nicely, and shows her growth.<br />4.6 stars for musicianship.
B00005221M|5.0|I can't even count the times I have watched this DVD.....its a total romantic story with a good historical story. As an American Indian, I can totally relate to this story...It is the ultimate love story with an intense sub story line about what actually happened in the French/Indian war agains't the English....only the Patriot comes close.....How ugly, yet beautiful our history can be..we should be proud as American Indians, and as Americans, with all our faults as this historical fiction brings out....worth more than one viewing...
B00004XPP0|1.0|WARNING: These are NOT the Star Wars movies we've all come to know and love. These are those messed-up 1997 &quot;Special Editions&quot; in which George went back and added all kinds of lame junk to all 3 movies. Remember Han Solo's great introduction in Star Wars when he shoots Greedo under the table? Well, for some crazy reason George went PC and RECUT the scene so Greedo (in a really weird re-jiggered shot) shoots at Han first! What!? We knew Greedo was gonna kill Han, and when Han beat him to the draw, that was cool! This scene got a cheer back in the day. Now it's just confusing. And don't even get me started on that dumb Jabba scene or the &quot;musical number&quot; in Jedi. This is like New Coke. A total disaster. But instead of going back to the old formula he just changed the packaging. Forget this set and try to find the old tapes, pre Special Edition. It may be your only chance to own the REAL Star Wars.
B00000IOSU|5.0|This was my first Sarah Mclachlan cd. I bought because I loved I will remember you but when I heard it I was drawn to other songs as well ! There were even songs on here I loved but didn't know who sang them so I couldn't purchase there cd and I just have to say I adore her music!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0000524CY|4.0|I rented this DVD and watched it at home alone, and I was too freaked out to get up to go to the bathroom!  Really.  This has to be one of the most frightening films ever made, and the added scenes only made it scarier.<br />For instance, I think the scariest scene was the &quot;spider walk&quot; scene, originally cut from the film, but added for this special edition version.  I literally got goosebumps--I think that has to be one of the creepiest things I've ever seen.<br />A must-see for anyone, whether you're a long-time fan, or a new viewer like me.  My only complaint is that the movie tends to drag in several places.  Other than that, it's an excellent film.
6305546789|5.0|Halloween is without a doubt the most incredible horror movie around. Its originality is sure to never be seen again on screen. Stunning performances from Donald Pleasance and Jamie Lee Curtis really make this a great movie also. It has been around for 20 years, but it will NEVER be outdated or outranked by another horror movie. This is an excellent DVD compiled with many bonus features, including documentaries, still galleries, and the original theatrical trailer. True Halloween fans will enjoy it greatly! Don't I wish I could get the same feeling as the first time I watched it...but boy it comes close every time I watch it over again.
B00003CXDV|5.0|In short, this film has to be one of the most ingenius works of comedic brilliance I've ever seen on screen.  I was thoroughly impressed by how utterly witty--and simply hilarious this movie is.  I rented this movie, expecting it to be stupid, but was so impressed that I had to buy it on DVD to watch again and again and again.<br />If you're like me and was totally unimpressed by the iditoic toilet and sex humor of the disappointing and over-hyped &quot;Scary Movie,&quot; &quot;GalaxyQuest&quot; ought to cure you, even if it can't give you your money back for wasting it on &quot;Scary Movie.&quot;<br />And you don't have to like &quot;Star Trek&quot; to understand or appreciate this movie.  &quot;GalaxyQuest&quot; is for anyone looking for a clever spoof, complete with state-of-the-art special effects.<br />&quot;GalaxyQuest&quot; stars Tim Allen, Sigourney Weaver, Alan Rickman, Tony Shalhoub (of the sitcom &quot;Wings&quot;), Sam Rockwell (&quot;The Green Mile,&quot; &quot;Lawn Dogs&quot;), and Daryl Mitchell (umm...the teacher in &quot;10 Things I Hate About You&quot;) as a group of washed out actors from a 70's TV show called &quot;GalaxyQuest&quot;.<br />Each and every one is hilarious in their respective roles.  I especially love how Sigourney Weaver's character is the big-chested, blonde bimbo, which is such a contrast to her Ripley character from the &quot;Alien&quot; movies.<br />If you see no other spoof or comedy, you have to watch &quot;GalaxyQuest.&quot;  I promise you won't be disappointed.
0375804013|5.0|Grover is one of the cutest characters in the Seasme Street gang and this proves to be his best showing ever. I read this book over and over again as a child, and I still find it amusing to read now. Being 18, this would not seem like a book high on my reading list, but it is. There is a great suspense for any child, and to see who the monster is at the end of this book, you'll just have to read it for yourself!
B00000K0DT|5.0|This is one of the best dvd purchases you can make. Not only do you get to see a great film, you get to see it in LETTERBOX. This was my first LB viewing of the film, and every shot that you rememeber as striking from the VHS edition is doubly so in letterbox. The sound is superb, second only to Fight Club as far as quality. Not alot for special features, but the commentray with Singer and (insert screenwriter name here) is informative and funny in every way. So to sum it up ... Get it get it get it. Now now now. HI!
6301966562|5.0|My husband introduced this and many other great movies to me. I never would have seen this had it not been for him. I have been looking for a copy forever and hope to purchase it someday should the price ever come down. Our recorded copy has had it from many plays.
B00004Z311|5.0|regardless of the jadedness of today's audience. This movie holds an innocence about it that only a first viewing can capture. Today watching it, a new audience might be turned off by it - but the reason being is nothing phases anybody today. The story had alot of potential but don't let criticism and the flaws bog you down in watching this MOVIE!<br />BUT WHEN THE ISTHE STUDIO GOING TO RELEASE IT ALREADY???
B00004ZAV3|4.0|I also would have liked to see Strawberry Fields and Revolution despite the fact that neither was a number one USA hit. Since the collection is not explicitly intended to be an American number one showcase, I must sadly refrain from giving it all of the stars.<br />Part of the problem I have noticed with Beatles marketing in the US is that it attempts to ignore the fact these young men were European and therefore also wrote to that audience. Although the selection on the CD's are good, it could use a little more work and well roundedness.<br />I am still glad I bought it though. &quot;Let It Be&quot; and &quot;I Want to Hold Your Hand&quot; are two of my favirote songs and this is a nice mellow CD to relax with.
B0000025RQ|5.0|This maybe a bit more commercial than my other favorite, Stained Class, but not enough to matter.  Every song on here is at least worth listening to, and some are just amazing.  For example The Electric Eye is one of their best songs ever, and Devil's Child just shocked me.  I mean, Judas Priest shows here that they can write better AC/DC songs than AC/DC can.  Go buy this, it's pretty cheap these days, which makes it an even better value.
B000002G26|5.0|During Sophomore year of college, I had a psycho roomie who eventually got kicked out of school, but before that I was able to hear this CD.<br />I will confess that I have not been a big fan of many reccently released (90's) soft rock albumns and I was also sick of the Robin Hood theme song, but this album surpassed my expectations. Every song is great if not exceptional and so the listener never is led to believe that this is an attempt to relive past reccording sucesses.<br />Adam's etherial vocals on \\"Run to You\\" are awesome and he almost assumes an animalistic like quality with his lyrical growling. As a counterweight, the \\"Summer of 69\\" suggests light, sun and fun in more innocent and carefree days.<br />Being the confirmed brooder that I am, I personally got addicted to the former tune, but nearly everybody who likes rock and roll can find a favirote tune on this album. This is the one album I can't help but buy for all of my friends.
B000005RSW|3.0|I have nearly every Manowar album, with the exceptions of Fighting The World and Louder Than Hell (though I've listened to both quite thoroughly), and this just is not the best.  The first sign of something wrong is the opener All Men Play On 10.  The 'death to false metal' message is nice, but the lyrics are rather uninspired, and the music is slow.  Plus, the bass solo on this one is boring.  Overall, this album just seems tired and uninspired, as though they had no new ideas.  Unfortunately, they did have a new idea after this, and it involved selling out.
6300214540|3.0|Granted, this movie appears campy with age, but it's Tom Cruise in several gorgeous pictures and that is what counts. While there is some reference to the (then) still raging Cold War, it is neither jingoistic pro or anti-military.<br />What it does (and I am sure the Navy can't be too happy about this image) is portray the Navy as one giant hollywood style frat party. Taken as reality, this movie implies fighter pilots live in great housing, have flawless looks and are dripping with women.<br />Except when Goose dies, the film does not delve into the emotions and psyche of the navy pilots and they are little more than three dimensional pinups for the female characters. Although there is a training school, no where is it mentioned how smart pilots have to be to get into the elite.<br />I am intrigued if the reccent decision to allow women to fly fighter jets in combat means there will be a Top Gun three which would actually focus on more than looks (part two was pretty bad) Tom Cruise is not horrible to look at, but thank goodness that he has improved both acting skills and plotlines.
0790731002|5.0|except for the first movie, this is the only Batman worth watching. The others just seem to fall apart. <br />THIS IS QUALITY BATMAN
B000002MP2|5.0|Where it says &quot;People who bought this cd also bought cds from these bands&quot;, I noticed that the Backstreet Boys are mentioned. That was a mistake, right?? They didn't really mean to put that there, right??
0399146253|1.0|This was a big disappointment.  You won't miss anything if you skip this one.
0440539811|5.0|My neighbours must have thought me a very strange one when I was reading this book. The sporadic and uncontrolled lunatic like laughter must have had them worried. In 'The Illuminatus! Trilogy' Wilson eruditely unveils one of the most plausible and down to Earth Conspiracy theories ever conceived.
B00003CXE7|4.0|The recent dramatic epic &quot;Gladiator&quot; has already won two golden globe awards for it's stellar impact on the public. The idea of the plot seems to be an age-old one: a rags to riches biographical look at an innocent civilian who wakes up every day feeling very grateful to have that day. Named Maximus, he is nothing but one of the hundred slaves being held captive in a dome in Rome, forced to face bloodthirsty ravenous beasts topped off by tyrants swinging massive, sharp &quot;spikeballs&quot;(?), with only a common, everyday sword and shield supplied to him for protection. <br />Russell Crowe's character, Maximus, fully understands the danger that he is facing, but the stage isn't set for the product of what a warrior Maximus was. His appearance was a very quiet and unrelinquished one, he wasn't the sort of fighter who would talk and then try to walk, contrary to all of the other individuals who were faced with the same dangerous predicament and were killed off within an instant. He was afraid; he just didn't show it because, unlike other slaves, he knew that it did no help to show he was afraid. It was one man for himself; it was not a team effort. For this reason, Maximus not only was a physical gladiator, but he was a rare mental genius. This wasn't technically addressed in the movie: that he used brainpower to pull himself through what he did and not just reaction. Maximus soon gave himself an appearance that distinguished him from others after defeating some ten humans and several large cats. Once this happened and he was in the spotlight, he did not want to be any more well-known than he already was. Even when the emperor demanded that he identify himself, he hesitated. <br />Because of this, a tension builds between the emperor and Maximus, the fans beginning to favor Maximus' side more than the emperors for a change and even more emotion is thrown onto the shoulders of Russell Crowe. As he battles and battles for his life, no one is able to stop himand he becomes what Doug Weight is to professional hockey: feared and respected. Eventually, the emperor himself decides that he has had enough with Maximus and he decides to battle him to the death in a gripping and close fought dual. <br />Russell Crowe's performance seemed to be very &quot;Oscar-worthy&quot;, showing a significant amount of emotion and feeling in his role as the gladiator that overcame all odds that were set against him. The battles in the movie settled out to be very intricate, where one mistake could and usually did cost you your life. In the dome, where lions were an added element, it was particularly entertaining to see them come out of compartments that had to have been activated by a warrior. The lions came at everyone like a shark in a puddle of blood. With the acting job done by Russell, it is a believable story, but it really could only ever happen once. <br />It went more in-depth with the weapons than it did with the gore, thankfully (not to imply that there is no gore at all). From the catapults to the flaming arrows to the lion contraptions. The transition of the time periods was just exceptional, bringing back the time period just as it was said to be. &quot;Gladiator&quot; really grabs you and pulls you in, and makes the unbelievable a reality.
0811826848|3.0|Wait, now and think about it for a second. This book has great photos-perhaps the most exhaustive amount ever-and has candid dialogue from the Beatles themselves and that's o.k., but...1. It gets a bit tedious hearing them repeat themselves to a &quot;T&quot; after bombarding the public already on the ABC-T.V.'s  Thanksgiving promo in 96' and then again on video the following year. 2. Most of this candid dialogue is the same but slightly altered and less of it in many previous books about the Beatles. 3. There's also an annoying tendency on the part of McCartney to re-write history. He's been trying to do this since Lennon's death. John(and Yoko) I guess went too far in attacking McCartney with the 1980 Playboy interviews. Well, why can't McCartney just &quot;Let It BE...&quot;(Most of his real fans have). 4. Why does Harrison ramble on about the awful crazed fans and &quot;Beatlemania&quot; he experienced? He laughed all the way to the bank didn't he? You get plenty of that here, to the book's discredit. It's this kind of open public talk buy the Beatles that encourages the truly crazed fans to attack them(for examples see Chapman and the guy that stabbed Harrison!)! For all these reasons the book cries out for a seasoned objective viewpoint from someone who's been associated with the Beatles over the years and is not afraid to lose their power base friendship with them, or perhaps a respected rock journalist...to intercede-and not on behalf of the Beatles, in spite of them-at various points of the book. This method was rightly used by Peter Brown in his book &quot;The Love You Make.&quot; While Brown's book specifically was a straight-out attack on the Beatles, at the very least it wasn't a constant diarrhea of &quot;We were the wholsome lovable Beatles...Love us without shame!&quot; dialogue you get here in the &quot;Anthology.&quot; An objective, if somewhat biased account is far better or at least preferable. In fact it would make the &quot;Anthology&quot; an all around a great book. Otherwise, strictly from a beautiful coffee table perspective the pictures are a plenty and magnificent too, worth the price of purchase on that alone. And some of the stories are kinda warm and cute as only the Beatles can be. But c'mon, all that one-sided dialogue that the Beatles force you to read not only is insulting to one's intelligence it is also plain out BORING! Only the bittersweet dark chocolate of the beautiful photos remain.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|&quot;Minor Earth Major Sky&quot; was my choice as the Best Album of 2000, and it was an easy selection. To put it simply, A-Ha have created a masterpiece in a year when the &quot;Billboard&quot; charts were infested with adolescent swine. This is A-Ha's finest hour, combining the haunting balladry of Norwegian peers Fra Lippo Lippi with subtle trip-hop touches and jangling guitars. &quot;Little Black Heart&quot; aches with a profound hurt, and &quot;Velvet&quot; is utterly beautiful. &quot;Mary Ellen Makes the Moment Count&quot; is like A-Ha's version of R.E.M.'s &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot; with a Neil Young flavor, and it's an instant classic. &quot;Minor Earth Major Sky&quot; isn't just an album to listen to; let yourself be drawn in to its transcendent pop. In my review for &quot;Lexicon&quot; magazine, I stated this was the year's best album - it's untouchable.
6305609691|4.0|&quot;Apocalypse Now&quot; is easily one of the most powerful and visually spectacular movies ever made and, to fully appreciate this film, it should definitely be seen in it's widescreen format. The presentation on this DVD is outstanding. I had never seen this movie in the theatres and had only seen the VHS version. Seeing this film widescreen for the first time made me fully realize why DVDs are so superior to VHS tapes. You will not be disappointed with the film's presentation. However, I was somewhat disappointed with the extras on this DVD, which is why I give it only 4 stars instead of 5. The &quot;Destruction of the Kurtz Compound&quot; segment, which is basically the filming of the Kurtz Compound sets being blown up, is an interesting extra. In the commentary track by Francis Ford Coppola that accompanies this segment, he explains how and why the segment was filmed and why it was not used at the end of the film. The only other extras are the original theatrical trailer and excerpts from the original theatrical program (which includes passages from Coppola's film log). And as far as extras go, that's it. I really wish they had included commentary from Coppola for the entire film, or had included the &quot;Hearts of Darkness: A Film-maker's Apocalypse&quot; documentary with this DVD (for those of you who are fans of the film and have not seen this documentary, made by Copolla's wife, you should definitely try to track down a copy of the VHS edition - you will not be disappointed). There are also some deleted scenes mentioned in the documentary (a scene where they stop at a French plantation in particular) that also would have made this DVD even better. But I guess we'll have to wait for a Special Edition to hopefully come along. Or maybe they will release &quot;Hearts of Darkness&quot; separately on DVD. In summary, this is definitely a film to own on DVD, and you will not be disappointed with the widescreen presentation. But the extras are disappointing. I will keep hoping for a special edition with loads of extras to come along.
1568497369|4.0|10 strangers, all share their darkest secrets hidden in their deep heart....were brought to an island by an unknown host OR hostess.......the fun then begins......one by one their secrets reveal...and one by one they start to die following a mysterious children's rhyme....AND THEN THERE WERE NONE!
B0000024JN|5.0|And one of the greatest albums of all time comes from... The Beastie Boys? Yes. This album is still one of my favorites after four years, and it proves several things 1) This is one of the first mixes of rap and rock, 2) White guys from Brooklyn CAN rap, and 3) This is a great party album. It's got some of the Beastie Boys' greatest songs which can be summed in three words: Girls, beer, and partying. They rap about everything from their girlfriends (Girls, She's Crafty) to partying and mischeif (the classic Fight For Your Right and Paul Revere), to booze (Brass Monkey) to themselves (No Sleep Till Brooklyn) to their favorite fast food joints. As I'm reviewing this, I would like to point out that I'm not a hip-hop fan. The Beastie Boys are one of the few groups in this genre I really like. This has some of the greatest songs on it. Girls is one your feminist girlfriend wont like. Fight For Your Right answers one of the biggest mysteries of all time: What's that noise? Brass Monkey and Hold It Now, Hit It will probably top Louie Louie as some of the great frat songs of all time. Paul Revere is a song about what happens when the Beasties get themselves into trouble. The thing is, the Beastie Boys have put out some good stuff lately, but I think it'll be a long time before they (or anyone, even Eminem) can top this. So drink your brass monkey. Come on, you know you want to...
6302794331|5.0|This is my first review on Amazon.  I feel as though I am on a one woman crusade for this movie.  I have been a fan of every Muppet creation from the very beginning.  This is by far the best Muppet movie ever made.  Once you see this movie you will have a very hard time saving it for the Christmas season.  The story is wonderful, the jokes are quite funny and the music is perfect.  I defy you to not sing along with &quot;One More Sleep 'Til Christmas&quot;!  <br />Just in case you missed my point - this is a fantastic movie.  To miss this movie as an adult is a tragedy, to not share it with your children is child abuse!  :)
0553573403|4.0|I really did enjoy this book.  The plot was superb, the characters were believable and Martin's writing is quite excellent, though I think leaving the 2 R.R.s out of his name from the covers of his books would have been a wiser choice.  I do not like this series better then the Wheel of Time, but there are certain elements that are better.  Unpredictablity for one.  Robert Jordan can store some surprises up his sleeves now and then but nothing compared to Mr. Martin.  I also enjoy the fact that there is not simply one major enemy like en almost every fantasy, but rather many different factions all competing for the same goal and you don't know who you want to cheer for.  What I did not enjoy about these books, and the only reason that I gave it 4 stars instead of 5, is the sex and rape.  It got really old and frankly it is just disgusting.  Yes, this was how it was back then and Mr. Martin wants to provide us with a semi-historic environment, but the details started to become unnecessary. I recommended this book to a friend and he almost can't stand reading it just because of the grusome details.  But putting that aside, this is an excellent book and some of the best fantasy out there today.  I enjoy the Wheel of Time very much, but for those of you who don't but still like a good epic fantasy, I would recommend A Song of Ice and Fire, starting with this book.  I have already started the second book and from the way it's turning out so far, that one WILL get 5 stars
B00004XONN|5.0|Hey, like Winton Marsalis said so beautifully in Ken Burns' Jazz, &quot;Great art doesn't come to you, you have to go to it.&quot; You have to put a little effort into it. And when you finally connect, it is far more rewarding.<br />Kid A is one of those deals. Go to it.
B000002H97|5.0|...and its not supposed to be.  Once Metallica changes to a different structure, they simply blend that in with their other stuff and move on.<br />Whether you're tired of it or not (I haven't after 1 1/2 yrs of listening to it and playing it), &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; is still a killer song with an ability to hook a non-metal person.  It may be played more in guitar stores than &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot;.  &quot;Sad but True&quot; is the ultimate heavy, angst anthem.  &quot;Wherever I may Roam&quot; is an ode to hopfully moving on somehow even after death.  &quot;Don't tread on me&quot; kind of contradicts the criticism of the government in &quot;...And Justice for All&quot;, but remember, without American democracy, Metallica wouldn't even exist.<br />Fast song can still be heard here, such as &quot;Holier than thou&quot;, &quot;Through the never&quot;, and &quot;Struggle Within&quot;.  The ballads &quot;Unforgiven&quot; and &quot;Nothing else Matters&quot;, besides both being epic songs, show what Metallica is striving to do, and that is widen their range of music.  What other band can make songs ranging from 188 beats per min to 44 beats per min?  Not many.<br />[....]  Its a departure from the old days of metal compositions, which are masterpieces themselves.  But at the same time, its a breath of fresh air compared to &quot;...Justice&quot;.
0688171664|2.0|As an aspiring novelist with a degree in english and philosophy, I find it disheartening to find philosophy lectures thinly disguised as novels (Lila, Sophie's World -- could that title have slyly been borrowed from Sophie's Choice?). Also, Persig, in his so-called quest, refuses to acknowledge such modern philosophers as Nietzche, Kierkegaard, Sartre, Camus, or even Rand. He also doesn't attempt to create a synthesis between eastern and western philosophy, as the title would suggest. Herman Hesse, for example, does manage an intriguing blend of eastern mysticism with western philosophy -- he is greatly influence by Nietzsche. Persig's prose is often flat, but his protagonists are very driven in their quest for metaphysical quality. But as characters, they don't -- for me, seem very interesting. If the reader is interested in the philosophical novel, may I suggest reading Sartre, Camus, Hesse, Rand, Mann, Dostoievsky, or Tolstoi.
B000002H33|5.0|Even if you're not a metal fan, you can find a few likeable parts such as the opening of &quot;Battery&quot;, the interlude in the title track, the beginning of &quot;Sanitarium&quot;, and the middle part in &quot;Orion&quot;.  And if you ever have &quot;one of those days&quot;, you'll be surprised how listening to &quot;Leper Messiah&quot; or &quot;Damage, Inc.&quot; can be such a release.<br />Metallica will never even try to make another album like this, and thats as it should be.  Not only should you not mess with perfection, but once you've achieved it, you don't need to prove yourself anymore.
B00004X01U|5.0|WHETHER YOU ARE DANCING TO THE FUNKY SONGSON THIS ALBUM,OR LISTENING TO THE MELANCHOLY SONGS MADONNA IS A FORCE TO BE RECKONED WITH.SHE'S STRUCK GOLD ON THE MUSIC ALBUM,THIS IS BY FAR HER BEST ALBUM TO DATE!!!!!!!!!
B00003CX8J|5.0|As someone who had nonchalantly ignored the presence of X-Men comics as I searched for my Star Wars, or Star Trek ones... I found this movie to be enlightening.  A great introduction to those unfamiliar with the premise.  I have a soft spot for Hugh Jackman (I saw him on stage in 'Sunset Boulevard' a couple of years ago), and the presence of Patrick Stewart was a bonus too!  <br />The story had enough humour, wit and &quot;in-jokes&quot; to keep me amused and a good balance of 'action' without overdoing it.<br />I for one will be waiting anxiously for the sequel/s... and I may even start paying attention to the X-Men aisle of my comic shop too..
6304595247|5.0|Although I found Sinead O'connor's narrative as Emily Bronte quite unnecessary, this film was overall wonderful and satisfactory.  Ralph Fiennes is an amazingly multi-dimensional actor.  His performance as the bitter and tortured Heathcliffe is no exception.
6302420326|5.0|What is there to say? This is one of my all time favorite films. I have a lot of movies but I don't watch any of them a much as I do this classic. It is just like the critcs say it is a classic that will endure as a must-see for years to come. When I first saw this movie it kind of raiesed eyebrows, but when I saw it again I think that was when I first realized where Oliver Stone was coming from when he made this film. The movie follows Jim Garrison (Kevin Costner) who becomes obessed with finding out who killed John Kennedy and why. The movie also follows briefly on the deaths of Robert Kennedy and Dr. Martin Luther king, Jr. This is a classic must-see
0783226063|1.0|I have to give some credit to Lynch's &quot;Dune&quot; - the movie did have wonderful special effects, especially for 1984. But can special effects make a movie out of such an intricate and detailed novel as Frank Herbert's &quot;Dune&quot;? No way. First of all, whoever decided to butcher the book down into a two-hour movie was a moron. There is no way you can tell Herbert's story in two hours. The beginning of Lynch's &quot;Dune&quot; is excellent; while omitting ample detail, as anybody would have to, Lynch still stays true. Once Paul and Jessica travel into the desert, however, the movie takes a plundering drop down hill. It didn't even make sense to me, someone who has read the original &quot;Dune&quot; several times. What Herbert took 300 pages to tell (the last half of the book), Lynch does in 30 minutes. By the end, I was so disgusted I was nearly cheering for the Boron. It was repulsive.<br />Speaking of the Boron, why did Lynch feel the need to change his character so much? The warts didn't held, okay, Mr. Lynch? Neither did making him look like a complete buffoon who can't add 2 plus 2. I could go on and on, but I won't......<br />If you're a &quot;Dune&quot; fan, you're going to see this movie no matter what I say. Please don't expect much, though.
B000051VWW|5.0|I just have one thing to say about this CD. Yes! It *is* as good as everyone says it is! Sade captures the essence of love, romance and even heartache. The songs are simple yet deep. . . it's not overshadowed by too much of the musical instruments nor other digital equipment. It is simply lush and sensual.  Her intimate and soulful voice is the highlight, of course. &quot;By Your Side&quot; gets you right there in that spot in your heart that makes you just want to reminisce the best parts of love. This has to be the best Sade song ever! (A friend told me that she could probably fall in love with someone if this music was playing in the background.)  I have to admit, every other piece on this CD is great. &quot;King of Sorrow&quot; is also another one of my favorite! Although, &quot;Somebody Already Broke My Heart&quot; and &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; is also outstanding. Music is great and lyrics are amazing to listen to. I can listen to this CD over and over again. Sade's emotions come through like a subtle storm.  I am thoroughly impressed with Lovers Rock. Sade gets her groove on on this CD. Please gimme some more!
B00000J6AG|4.0|I heard the huge hit, &quot;Southside&quot; and really enjoyed it. My wife and I picked up this CD and WOW, we were amazed and you will be too. Interesting, catchy, and fun
B000002UUX|5.0|This album is great. Every song on here is excellent, the best songs are Holy wars, Hanger 18, Lucretia, and Tornado of souls.This album is the best album of the 90's. If you are a metal fan it is a must have.
B00004SCX6|3.0|I bought this CD cause i really liked the last one, but this one is not very good. All of her songs sound the same!! Which makes the whole CD very very boring. There are some songs i like,like Lucky and Oops I did it again, but now those songs are so old it's not even funny. There is no way I would recomend this CD to anyone, because I promise you you will get tired of it sooner or later. Every song gets old and boring, and I think that you will fibd that out as soon as you throw away your money on this CD.
0792842723|5.0|I saw Dr. No in the theater, so I have been around long enough to have seen all of the Bond movies several times. Pierce Brosnan is definitely the best Bond. Not because he is the current Bond; he just is the best. He is the most suave, but he can handle the action.  Famke is the best villan ever. Xenia is my favorite &quot;bad guy&quot;. Izabella is the best Bond girl. she is #1.
0767903854|5.0|this is a funny book and a pleasure to read. I have never been to Australia, and before reading this, I did not feel any compelling urge to go there. Now, I have to go.  It was, I suppose, a superficial look at Australia, but that is inevitable given the short length of time Bryson was there and the staggering distances he travelled.  All in all, one of the best books I've read in a long while.  I finished it quickly, and it is already on loan to a friend.
B000056VIY|5.0|Well, what can I say ??? I was very enthusiastic at the idea of a new Jennifer Lopez album ....... Actually I liked ON THE 6 a lot &amp; I was sure I would like this one too , yet I didn't like it ...... I totally fell in love with this funky &amp; modern album !!! For me, J.Lo is the Madonna of Rn'B : Of course she doesn't have the most beautiful voice in the world but she has charisma &amp; if U really love her, u'll love this CD which is so good that buying it nearly don't cost a thing !!!!
B000056VIY|5.0|Carino really cooks. Great salsa combo arrangement and feel. Azucar !  Jennifer would sound great with Celia Cruz, Ruben Blades, Mark Anthony and Oscar D'Leon to name a few. She should record some Salsa and Merengue and cut a few classic Cuban,   and Puerto Rican ballads, boleros, mambos, and guajias.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Oops she failed again! I bougt this CD because I heard Oops I did it again on the radio and liked it. But now, I have no earthly idea why i wasted money for such an awful CD. No catchy tunes, no different sounding songs, no good songs at all. This CD and her other one show exactly how much talent Britney has-- barely any at all. Though there are some songs i like, like Lucky and Oops I did it again, all of these songs get old. There are so many other talented teen girls, like Mandy Moore and Jessica Simpson, I don't even see how Britney has a chance.There is no way i recomend this CD because I promise you  that they can enjoy.
630575067X|2.0|George Lucas must have known that he could put out a stinker and that die-hard Star Wars fans would still call it a masterpiece. However, for the average fan like myself, &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; was mediocre at best. Let's face it, Lucas had over 14 years to come up with a solid script for Episode I. Instead we got a bad episode of &quot;Lost In Space&quot;.(My apologies to Dr. Smith!) Hollywood once again created a beautiful fantasy world but not any interesting characters to inhabit it(Jake Lloyd played Anakin as a little twit). The story raised more questions that it answered(the characters refered to events that happened before this movie; Episode I). Great actors were given some truly awful lines(from the look on Natalie Portman's face she wanted off this leaky Lucasfilm ship). And as a final insult to fans, George decided to release it in VHS only (Mr. Lucas have you no shame sir?)... There are 20 seconds of promos before the movie when there could have been some additional footage or interviews. I will say that credit is due to Ray Park for doing a fantastic job with Darth Maul. As the final light sabre battle is well choreographed and actually pretty exciting. Buy it used for that reason but don't buy it new. And before anybody e-mails me saying what a genius George Lucas is, look up the other Lucasfilm turkey, 1978's &quot;Star Wars Holiday Special&quot;. Let's hope Episode II is a lot better!
B00001U0DP|5.0|I had heard of this movie when it came out.  I had even heard people recommending the movie but I wasn't interested. An Italian movie that isn't mob related? What a rip off.  But one down day I was curious and needed something &quot;beautiful.&quot;  I rented the movie with no idea of the plot.  Like everyone else I laughed through the first half and was completely caught off guard when the family ended up in the concentration camp.  Unlike  Hollywood movies I was not able to predict what was happening.  I sat on the edge of my seat, held my breath, laughed some more and cried.  I wanted to turn it off but couldn't.  At the end I was a bundle of emotions, I hated the movie and remained that way until I watched it a second time. I hated the movie because of all the emotions it caused in me. I can't remember the last movie that did that.  Then I realized that the movie was about a dad and his love. Mostly his love for his son.  And his son's love for him and his wife's love for her husband and son.  But more than anything the father and son.  If this man was able to respect and maintain the innocence of his son in the tragedy of the holocost (which I understand could not have really happened but its just a movie folks)then imagine how we can fare with our children outside of a holocost?  This is a great movie for anyone who has children, works with children or was a child. *Watch it with someone you feel comfortable hugging.*
B00000IMCW|5.0|This has to be one of the best zombie movies ever made. When this film first came out I was 12 and I wanted to see it so bad but because of its violent content I had to wait until it came out on video. I showed this movie to a young zombie lover recently and all he could talk about was how cheap the movie looks. This kid just didn't get it. What makes this film so great isn't the blood or gore or even the zombies, it's the characters, the storyline, and George Romero's superb direction. While watching this with my little friend, he also talked about how unscary the film is. I had to explain that this film isn't the &quot;horror movie&quot; that everyone thinks it is. This is a satire about commercialism. Who are the real brain deaders? The zombies or the survivors who fight fo possesion of the shopping mall?    As for the DVD, I would go ahead and get it. It's the only version of the film available now(I have at least 4 different versions in my collection). It's not much on extras or picture and sound quality but I think it will do until late 2001/early 2002. This is when Anchor Bay is &quot;supposed&quot; to be releasing a very special edition on DVD. Hopefully it will have different cuts, trailers, director and cast commentaries. I would LOVE to see this film released on DVD in a deluxed package. It deserves it.     Anyway as I said before, this is really the only version available now in the USA. Go ahead and grab it if you want and keep your fingers crossed for later this year.
B00005214X|5.0|Even though more than 30 years have passed it sounds so good. A PHENOMENAL ALBUM! The music has the capability of placing one in the &quot;way back machine&quot;. Hello Mr. Wizard.<br />I first bought this as an album (and I still have the original in excellent condition) when it hit the stores way back when. I can still recall making my purchase at Licorice Pizza Records on Lincoln Ave. in Anaheim California. I was about 13 years old. <br />My anxious anticipation was well rewarded then. <br />My anxious anticipation of this remastered version has been well rewarded now!<br />Licorice Pizza and other vestiges of the era when this was first released may have been bulldozed but this music is as fresh and good as it was that day when I rode home on my bicycle and hurried to play All Things Must Pass for the first time.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I bought this CD because it was reviewed fairly high in a Christian magazine I was reading. I listened to Arms Wide Open and it was undoubtedly an excellent song. I haven't been through the whole CD yet, but it has the makings of a great one.
B00005214X|5.0|These songs rank with the best of The Beatles', and ATMP is by far the best solo Beatle album.  Had the Beatles finished the title track in 1969, it would no doubt be prominent on  the new &quot;1.&quot;   The sound on the re-mastered ATMP is great (thankfully!) compared to the mid-1980s CD issue.  Total re-mixing of this one might not be as dramatic clarity-wise as some of the older Beatles tracks, considering the Spector-sized effects used on the multi-track session tapes.  Re-mixing, as George himself states, would probably help on some of the more expansive tracks (&quot;WahWah,&quot; &quot;Awaiting On You All,&quot; &quot;What is Life&quot;).  Take for example the five re-mixed bonus tracks.  I especially love &quot;I Live For You&quot; and &quot;Let it Down&quot; with the added drum, organ, and guitar parts.  Even &quot;My Sweet Lord 2000&quot; surprisingly displays a clarity not in the original.  I would love to hear similar treatments on the other songs.  Historically speaking, I appreciate the original mixes and Spector's undisputed genius as a producer, but work of this importance can tolerate varying interpretations....
B0000508U6|4.0|Sometimes spare, sometimes dense, this album maintains its  theme of melancholy mixed with hope without becoming two-dimensional.  The single that introduced me to Coldplay, &quot;Yellow&quot;, is an instant favorite, and represents what I love most about British pop--its unflinching romanticism, its balanced blend of sensitivity and brashness, and its tiny aural experiments within the 3-chord rock and roll frame.  Happily, the album is very even, and is in no way a one-hit wonder.<br />The singer makes it all happen.
B000002BPS|5.0|OK.  Heres the deal. Offspring rock, &quot;Ixnay&quot; rocks, you cant go wrong!  Now im going to try my hardest not to be those reviews were it just says &quot;duh, this is good, GET IT NOW, TRUST ME&quot;.  But in my opinion, this is probably the best CD/album/whatever of all time, i think the suicide machines Destruction by Definition is one of them too.  All the songs are just so.... fun.  Like during the chorus of Me and My Old Lady, great stuff.  i choose is a great song too.  You cant help but bob ur head to the rhythm and once you know the words you always sing along.  Now for any of you Crazy Taxi fans out there this has All I want, AND way down the line.  These songs both get you really pumped.  And if you think about the words to Way Down The Line its pretty scary.  You know how like 99.9% grown-ups are so lame with music and everything?  Wel just think when we get older that will be us.  The old stupid guys with dumb music and tastes.  Thats what the song is about.  Well im leaving out a lot but i dont feal like typing anymore.  Well anyways, somehow try to get some samples of these tracks. good, fun stuff.
B00002R0MR|5.0|I first heard this music in the early 60's, and it has been in my head ever since......go for it!!!!
0525945636|4.0|I read this book in one sitting.  I picked it up because I like spy stories and I am fascinted with stories of amnesia.  Being an avid follower of the space program, I was even more taken by the fact that it dealt with the lauch of America's first satellite, the explorer.  This book seemed to have been written just for my taste.<br />I enjoyed it quite a bit, even though the plot was a little thin and the characters a bit simpler than I would expect from people in the world of espionage, but this IS a novel set in postwar idyllic America.<br />This book would probably make a good movie with Keanu Reeves and Charlize Theron and a hot soundtrack featuring the Foo Fighters and Shaggy.  I recommend it as a well written, straightforward, interesting spy novel.  Part rocket science, part James Bond...  a good solid four star book.
B000056VIY|5.0|This CD is totally danceable..every song makes me want to get up and dance! Even the slower ones!!! Jennifer has a wonderful voice and it shows in this album!!! When I first heard this, I already thought 'Love Don't Cost a Thing' was a great song..but then when I heard the rest, I was hooked!!! Be sure to listen to 'Ain't it Funny'.  I couldn't say enough about this CD-go check it out, you won't be sorry!!!!!
6302914213|5.0|These final episodes are perfectly showcase all that made Twin Peaks an excellent show.  They have every bit of the symbolism, surrealism, and humor that gave it it's fan base.<br />Unfortunatly it's very obvious that the last episode was intended to be a cliff-hanger and that they expected to make more.  Be warned that while it is very interesting, many questions are left un-ansered(and never will be), many new questions are asked, and the audience never knows what the fate of several of the characters is.  <br />Of course, if you are reading this I assume you have seen the other episodes already and you're probably going to see these regardless of what I say.  Enjoy...
B000002AS3|5.0|Oasis's first Cd, Definitely Maybe, is very upbeat and is filled with a lot of good tracks. Supersonic is easily the best song on the Cd, and possibly their best song ever. The other songs are all great, and other highlights include Live Forever, Bring it on Down, and Slide Away. This is a very good cd and all Oasis fans should have it.
B000050HTO|5.0|I bought this album at the same time as the Beatles 1.  It was money well spent on both accounts!  <br />I had Bob's greatest hits volume one before i purchased this album, but I wanted something a little more complete without buying a box set. This is perfect! (Although i must admit listening to this Cd has made me want to explore more of Bob Dylan's work and I am sure eventually i will buy the box set.)<br />I rediscovered why i purchased the first album in the first place.  This man is a genius.  Songs like &quot;don't think twice, it's alright&quot;, &quot;subterranean homesick blues&quot;, and &quot;tangled up in blue&quot;--to name a few--are a testament to his songwriting. And let us not forget the passionate anthem &quot;hurricane&quot; detailing the saga of Hurricane Carter's arrest and imprisonment in New Jersey. (That's right, the song came before the movie!)<br />Even if you never listened to Bob Dylan you will still enjoy this album.  My boyfriend listens mainly to Hip Hop, R&amp;B and Jazz, but even coming from that background he still appreciates the songs on this CD.  Much like the hiphop lyrics he listens to, Bob Dylan's lyrics really draw you in and make you think.  I think he summed it up pretty well when he said that &quot;[Bob Dylan] is very honest and personal; he sings as if he is speaking directly to you&quot;.  You can relate to Bob Dylan's music because Bob lets you know he's human just like you.<br />A good musician opens a window into their own soul and lets the listener peer in.  A GREAT musician opens a window into YOUR soul.  Bob Dylan does both with his music and for a brief moment you are connected with both the power of his message and the sincerity of his delivery.
B00000055E|5.0|I can honestly say that i enjoy this CD as much now as when i bought it in '97- this CD is HOT!!! I have CDs where i skip past traks when i listen, but this one, i just listen all the way through. A must have for Tupac fans!
B00004XOWM|5.0|I thought that this C.D. was really good. Who cares about the bad language, the bad language is what makes this C.D. fun to listen to!!! This C.D. Rocks!<br />I encouarage anybody who likes Limp Bizkit to buy this C.D.<br />Besides you can't beat the price that they are selling it for!!!
B000002AZ8|5.0|Vitalogy, Pearl Jam's third album, is, in my opinion, their second best album behind Ten. Ten is a truly incredible album and I don't think that Pearl Jam has surpassed it, but I think that they might. This album and Binaural come closest. Vitalogy is a mostly dark album with some of Pearl Jam's very best songs. Eddie Vedder's voice sounds really great and so does the playing of the band, even better than on Ten. Last Exit is a really great song and is, along with Tremor Christ, one of the best hard rocking songs on the album. Nothingman is a really incredible song also. Corduroy is a classic Pearl Jam song and on eof the best songs on the album. None of these songs, however, reach the plateau of Better Man. Better Man is Pearl Jam's best ballad/slower song. Its also the best song on the album and one, if not the best Pearl Jam song. Vitalogy is just as essential as Ten for Pearl Jam fans.
6305627401|1.0|This trash speaks about God in the most disrespectful way. If your a christian avoid this film and don't let your kids talk you into buying or renting it. South Park is the AntiChrist of Cartoons!
B00000JFV9|5.0|Curtis Mayfield's Superfly easily ranks along with Marvin Gaye's What's Goin On as one of the greatest soul albums of all time. It is also one of the greatest albums of all time. Curtis Mayfield is very underrated. He is a musical genius and is one of the best songwriters of all time. I think anyone who listens to Superfly will realize this. Superfly is Mayfield's masterpiece. All nine songs on the album are truly incredible. The three most well-known songs, Pusherman, Freddie's Dead and Superfly are all incredible, but suprisingly do not even stand out. The whole album is so good and flows so well that all the songs are equally great. Mayfield's voice is at it's prime and is truly beautiful. Even the two instrumentals, Junkie Cause and Think are really beautiful. This is an album for all time. Anyone interested in Mayfield, the 70s, Soul, Rock, or any kind of music should own Superfly.
6305627401|1.0|First of all this movie is a bunch of insensitive garbage. This stuff is childish compared to an even trashier film &quot;Scary Movie&quot;! The dialog is nothing but swearing. Any moron can swear. This show is just plain offensive and biggotory of the creator He or she is very ignorant of talent, humor and creativity!
B000056VIY|4.0|On the 6 was worth like 3 stars, but this is waay better.  Well at least by one star, hehe. The first six tracks are really catchy and upbeat.  Those are the best tracks on the album actually: Love Don't Cost A Thing (u'all heard this), I'm Real (this is a club kinda song that gets catchy on the bridge), Play (standout club/dance song), Walking On the Sunshine (my second favorite, this song is upbeat and has sweet lyrics, she wrote it!), Ain't It Funny (another song written by Jennifer, this is very catchy, my 1st fave!!!), Carino ( this song is also written by her and it is has a spanglish beat too it 3rd fave).  The next good song is Come Over (this is the best slow song, reallie intimate). The rest of the songs are ok, nothing special.  The songs aren't like horrible, but you either like it or u don't songs, if u kno wut i mean.  But the first 7 are bangin'.  I say get this CD, esh prettie good.
