B003O86FMW|5.0|I was so nervous to read book 2 in The Hunger Games trilogy. I LOVED the first one and was scared this one wouldn't live up to how great the first was. I didn't even actually know what was going to go on in this book because I didn't read the description first.<br />It was amazing, to say the least. This was one of those books that I did not want to put down. I actually hid it under the corner of the table when my husband's aunt held poker night for us and some of his family. I wasn't playing but they wanted me to watch. But I read instead.<br /><br />I love dystopian stories and this is by far one of my favorites.<br />The world that Suzanne has created is actually scary to me. The control the Capital has. The sick pleasure the people of the Capitol get from watching kids slaughter each other in The Games...just everything makes me happy I don't live there.<br />Katniss is trying to keep everyone she loves safe by pleasing the Capitol, but also isn't sure she likes what she has gotten herself into with Peeta. I like what Haymitch tells her about Peeta though, that she could do a whole lot worse. Which is true. Peeta is great. So sweet too.<br />I loved where this book went. I didn't see it coming and I cannot wait til I can get to the bookstore to buy Mockingjay. Cannot wait to see how the whole thing ends!<br />If you have not read this series, seriously, start it now. It's getting crazy. I've actually started having dreams about it!
B003Y7AR4K|5.0|This is the best Nutcracker ever.  I liked the previous Royal Ballet Nutcracker with Anthony Dowell as Drosselmeier, but this one is even better, with less cape-twirling on Drosselmeier's part, the best Nutcracker dancer I have ever seen, and Miyako Yoshida just as good as before but more relaxed and natural.  I'm glad that, if they only do one in Blu-ray, this is it!
0307346617|2.0|Possible spoiler alerts!   First the good, this book is a series of vignettes that tell the story in a Q & A fashion.  It's obvious that some of them were written while the author was reclined around a swimming pool (Paris underground), but many are quite good (downed pilot in bayou).  If you connect the geography dots however a pattern emerges, other than making the Chinese the bad guys, the USA isn't too far behind, and Cubans with Castro are the surprise heroes!   Amazingly, another island nation, Japan, doesn't fare so well in the narrative.  I guess the Japanese aren't quite as smart as the Cubans.    If you liked 28 Days Later or 28 Months Later you'll probably like the plot, however if you've seen 28 Months later, you might be disappointed, because you'll get deja vu!   Movies like \\"On the Beach\\" or \\"Omega Man\\" or \\"Silent Running\\" had the concepts done right, and this could be a good movie with the right script, because the perfect zombie movie is still waiting to be made.  The one sided moralizing about the New Deal, FDR and Ayn Rand was pure propaganda, with the new govt agency the Dept of Strat Resources (DeStRes or Distress) is about as crazy a name as Homeland Security.  All in all, I was let down by the book, and the reviews here on Amazon, which I normally find pretty accurate.  One final thought, I thought and even hoped that at some point the narrative would go \\"live\\" with a zombie flare up, but the book never deviated from it's original format, which makes the ending seem incomplete.
B004259BMM|5.0|Keith Urban is a great singer/song writer and so I was not disappointed in this currant album. It was a nice relaxing album to listen to and each song was unique in it's own way. Keep up the good work Keith and we'll look forward to new material in the near future!!
0439023513|5.0|This book was fantastic in the way Collins held true to the nature of the characters and the story line. It was full of twist and unexpected turns. The book doesn't end with a fairytale ending, but really can you expect that? This book is an excellent combination of human instict and mentality mixed with a fictional setting and  circumstances. It's heart wrenching. It's thought provoking. It's perfect.<br /><br />Most interesting set of books I've read in a long time.
B002ZG98UA|5.0|As an admitted fan of the Resident Evil series, I have seen all four at both the movie theater as well as buying all the films.  I will have to admit that seeing the latest one, Resident Evil: Afterlife, in 3D on a big screen was absolutely fantastic, but I still enjoyed seeing it on DVD.  It seems Milla Jovich was made for this successful series, which obviously her husband also agrees.<br /><br /> The beginning scene with a whole group of Alices taking down the Umbrella Corporation has the most action, but there are enough tense moments throughout the film to keep you interested.  Personally, I like the third of this series the best so far, but they are all action packed films that most people have come to expect from the Resident Evil Series. Since I am into edged and other weapons, especially the Gurka and samurai swords, the use of a variety of weapons by Alice makes these films a must see for me.<br /><br />Rating: 5 Stars.  Joseph J. Truncale (Author: Monadnock Defensive Tactics System)
B002M2N9JI|2.0|I like where La Roux is going with a couple good tracks on here like Bulletproof and Reflections. Mostly though, the songs are repetitive and makes you want to take a nap. One review called the songs 'catchy'. Maybe by 'catchy' they meant stuck in your head for days like some commercial jingle.
B000FA675C|4.0|At first I was reluctant to read this book because I thought it would be boring and I wouldn't like it.  But when I started, boy was I wrong!!  I couldn't put it down!  I especially liked how empowering the story was for us women.  The world needs more books like this!  I'm now hooked on Dan Brown!
030746363X|1.0|I read 4HWW and rather liked it. In 4HB, however, Tim lets more of his personality emerge, which is unfortunate. This brick is nothing more than a compilation of existing information combined with self-indulgence and smug self-praise. Why does this book annoy me? Constant name dropping, constant product endorsement, and a heap of filler. \\"I received at least three times the normal eye contact from women.\\" You'll find this type of drivel front to back. I want my money and time back, please.    Tim Ferriss has jumped the shark.
B0033Q5AUI|5.0|I ordered breaking dawn online cause it was a lot cheaper. At the store it was going to cost me $15 but on amazon i got it for a total of $7. what a save! :) the book got here in no time! its in perfect conditon and im so excited to start reading it! if your thinking about getting a book online but arent sure..i say go for it! so far everything ive bought on amazon hasnt let me down.
B00498YZH8|4.0|I connected with the charactors.  Pulled me out of myself and into the film.  Made me forget my lonely life.  That's what I look for in a film.  Will it take me away.
B003PIUC02|5.0|My wife and I just finished watching the last episode of Spartacus: Blood and Sand, and all we can say is that it is both amazing and compelling.  Yes it's bloody, yes it has gratuitous sex and violence, yes its overly stylistic, but the acting, the storyline and in particular the writing are miles above what passes for TV entertainment today. As the last episode came to its conclusion we couldn't but marvel at the beauty of the language, it was as if Shakespeare had been hired to be the chief writer and was writing for the ages and not for just for TV.  This series had complexity, characters with real emotions, excitement, and a cast of actors who knew how to act and not just recite lines showing off buffed bodies.  If you get a chance you must see this and revel in a series which will exceed your expectations.  The only disappointment was finding that the series lead, Andy Whitfield, has cancer and will not be returning for a second season.  He was a revelation as Spartacus, and we hope he has a full recovery and will miss him when season two comes around.
1400067936|3.0|I browsed the first 20 pages of this book at a store, was dismayed by the chatty asides and general litter interspersed between the real insights, and decided to buy a pirated version. Nassim Taleb's points on randomness and philosophy are all salient, but his self-indulgent, even confessional style is bizarre and takes away from the timeliness of his message. Taleb is not above insulting people, and I imagine the acerbic commentary on other intellectuals, the financial media, and much of the rest of humanity, help sell the book. Fooled by Randomness is still a good read. But it would be 150 pages shorter if the author cut the crap and got to the points sooner.
B0031S4K5E|5.0|Ponyo is an amazing movie. Studio Ghibli continues to amaze and mesmerize. The film is about a little sea creature wanting to be a real girl. The voice cast is awesome as in all Studio Ghibli stateside translations. Matt Damon, Tina Fey, Liam Neeson all make an appearance, along with Noah Cyrus and Frankie Jonas, whom to my amazement do not detract from the picture as a whole. They are great in the roles of the children. The extras on the disc are fun to watch, particularly the History of Studio Ghibli, which was well done. The Plush included with this package is a little off from the on screen Ponyo, but it captures the comedic element of the character and is a welcome addition.
B000001FI7|5.0|I feel like I have to be in a particular mood to listen to Dummy.  Not necessarily a 'downer' mood.  I'd say more relaxed, needing to relax or escape from the pressures of work.  A couple of the songs get on my nerves, but overall I really enjoy the album.
B0042JTDXK|5.0|I was never a huge Josh Groban fan, not being one for soaring violins, but I keep coming back because of his extraordinary voice. This album lets his voice really shine. The soaring violins are still there on some tracks, and some of the lyrics are a little simplistic, but they're never shallow. Actually, I've found that the more I listen to this album, the more I appreciate the simple but heartfelt explorations of love.     As for the songs, the gorgeous Voce Existe Em Mim--one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard--is worth the price of the album by itself. The instrumentation, which features a wonderful Brazilian drumbeat, is nearly as stirring as the vocals. Other highlights for me include HIdden Away, Higher Window, If I Walk Away, and the lovely Bells of New York City. The melodies on this album are uniformly beautiful, the lyrics are moving, and the lack of overpowering instrumentation only adds to the depth of listening pleasure.    Although I enjoyed this album from the get-go, I like it more and more with each hearing. I urge those of you who were disappointed because of the departure from Groban's earlier style to give it another try. These are songs that not only stand up well, but improve, over time.
B002QP145C|4.0|2011-01-07
030726999X|5.0|The first book in SL's trilogy was first rate.  The second, in my view, did not quite live up to the first (but was still highly entertaining).  The third, however, nailed it.  SL earned his place in the pantheon of outstanding writers in the genre.  If you're new to the Salander series, start from the beginning.  Grab a coffee, and set aside a lot of free time.  You won't want to put these novels down.
0439023491|5.0|Sometimes when I find a series that I am enjoying so immensely, the follow up books to the first one don't seem to measure up with the wow factor.  When I finished The hunger Games, the first book in the series, the games were over and I didn't know what the author was going to be able to do to keep the momentum going for the next book.  All I can say is WOW!  She brought back the suspense, intrigue, drama and romance so hard that I didn't think it were even possible.<br /><br />When Peeta and Katniss arrive back to District 12 after winning the Hunger Games, they didn't know what to expect.  They thought they were done being included in the Capitol's court of jesters called The Hunger Games.  They knew there would be some backlash after what they did in the arena, but they never expected what the officials end up doing to them in Catching Fire.<br /><br />I literally was on the edge of my seat, hands gripping the pages, the whole time reading this book.  I will even go as far to say that this book surpasses the first book in so many ways!  I enjoyed it even more than the first book and I didn't think that was even possible.  When I read about Peeta I think of bread and wedding cakes with love.  When I think of Katniss I imagine birds in flight struggling to survive.  With Gale, I imagine the rock in the family with emotions bottled up.  With Haymitch, I was still unsure of his motives, so he had me going in all sorts of directions! Then enter Finnick with his good looks, humor and sugar cubes!  I will never look at a sugar cube the same way again!<br /><br />I finished this book within a matter of hours and yes, my house and family suffered for it.  They fended for themselves in the kitchen, clothes were having to be dug out of bottom of drawers since laundry ceased to be cleaned, and they even had to break down and do the dishes themselves just so I could keep reading this outstanding book. If you haven't started this series yet, you are truly missing out on amazing writing and an emotional roller coaster!  Go out, pick them up, and read them!ng writing and an emotional roller coaster!  Go out, pick them up, and read them!
B003YFIUW8|4.0|I have never read anything quite like this book.  I am intrigued at this mother's ability to care for a child and create a world that seems so normal for him, while both are locked up in a ROOM and never can even see the outside world except through a skylight.  The ability to zero in on the educational and emotional needs of a baby/child during five years of captivity is something all parents might want to read.  The author's ability to describe how a child is seeing his world, and what most may take for granted is amazing.
B002ZG98C8|1.0|I would not reccommend this to anyone!! It looked like a very cheaply made moive, like an amatures attempt at directing, but with BIG name Hollywood stars. I can not believe that stars would want to put their name on such a poor story line and direction!
B001L2EE9Y|5.0|There is no need to go on and on about how great this collection of songs is. I recently decided that this is my favorite of all time, all artists, all genres. I have never tired of listening to every song on Blue. I had this when it originally came out on vinyl and was knocked out then, and I still am. I really do appreciate good music, and have a wide taste - classical, jazz, folk, rock, blues - and go through phases of wanting to hear only one genre. But Blue fits in any time and with any genre. There is no more lyrical voice than Joni's on this masterpiece. The words, sparse arrangements, melody are all perfect. For those that gave Blue one star, I understand how it might not work for everyone, but I feel sorry that you cannot enjoy this little bit of perfection in this crazy, imperfect world.
B003EYVXXW|5.0|Got Agora on a nagging suggestion over & over on Amazon.  Purchased on sale used to give a try.  This is amazing surprise! An overlooked jewel by most.  It is an Oscar worthy movie & a true epic.  I started to watch it just to make sure my used dvd worked ok, and I could not turn it off.  Only complaint - hard to read the location, date, narrative print in white print on screen, needed better contrast.
B001BNFR6W|2.0|bought this for my sister for christmas who had the biggest smile on her face... only to find out many of the discs skip and look scratched.  Do not do it you or the person your giving it to will be very disappointed.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|I decided to get this for my i7-930 so that I could overclock it.  It has served VERY well for that purpose!    The stock cooler is adequate for up to 3.2Ghz, but after that it falls flat pretty fast...and it gets noisy.    This one is much quieter, and has a lot more capacity to move heat away from the processor.    I added +0.06V (very small bump) to the CPU and took the BCLK to 186Mhz.  At x21, that is 3.9Ghz, and max turbo-boost is 4.3Ghz...on air!  I use EIST to bring the clock to ~2.2 at idle to save energy.    At these temps, the idle is around 45C, and full, extended load gets to almost 70C, so great performance (Max temp is 100C).  It should be noted that these are the diode temps...not the fantasy that many other programs and the CMOS reads (the CMOS says I'm only 30C at idle...riiiight.      Many others use these temps as a bible, and will boast that their 4Ghz+ CPU only gets to 40C at load or something ridiculous like that.  Remember, it's a ~250mm2 area dissipating >150W of heat...it is NOT GOING TO BE THAT COLD in a 24C ambient environment!!  Bottom line, this cooler does a great job dissipating heat, whatever method you use to measure it.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I don't understand why there's obsession and whining and hate over not getting the originals.  If you're the kind of person who can't appreciate Star Wars unless you've got see-through speeders/X-Wings, horrible skipping lightsabers, and matte paintings that are obviously matte paintings, well then, you really don't need that stuff in hi-def, do you?  The originals are on DVD, you can buy them (on the cheap, no less,) and see Star Wars just the way you remember it - the way it's \\"supposed\\" to be.    I grew up with the originals, don't get me wrong.  Return of the Jedi is the first movie I remember seeing ever.  I watched the crap out of my VHS tapes - and many of the changes needed to happen.  Luke igniting his lightsaber, for instance, for the first time - that cut was horrible.  I was in high school when they released the special editions, and I remember thinking, \\"man, I hope they fixed that.\\"  Almost.  Then, when they released the DVDs again around 2005, they finally got that part right.  I like that they tinker with it.  I missed the yub yub song at the end of Jedi at first, but the flute section John Williams wrote for it is beautiful.  I can't imagine watching A New Hope without seeing Han confront Jabba, or Empire without the gorgeous detailing added to Cloud City.      Now, go ahead and say this review wasn't helpful.  Scream at me about how Han shot first and how Jedi Rocks was horrible.  I will happily be clicking the pre-order link while you're doing that, and crossing my fingers that George has something special in store - maybe even MORE footage added in, further tweaks to the graphics, and more digital goodness.  THAT's the reason we need blu-ray.
0887431453|5.0|Got for my grandchild for Christmas and she loved it!  Saw it later at a big box store for a couple dollars more, so I was pleased with the quality and the price.
B001C4AFOY|4.0|Let me first say that I have no idea how historically accurate THE YOUNG VICTORIA is...so I will not comment on that.      As an entertainment, THE YOUNG VICTORIA is satisfying but a little slim.  This is a very slight story, full of charm, nice performances, lovely costumes and art direction...but it doesn't feel urgent or terribly important.  For example, the politics featured in the excellent ELIZABETH with Cate Blanchett were obscure to a 21st century American guy...but they were made to feel urgent and vital.  The story of \\"Young Elizabeth\\" was gripping and it felt important.  By contrast, the politics in this film seem somehow muted and simplified.  I appreciated that it was made fairly easy to keep up with where everyone's loyalties lay...but it wasn't pumped full of energy and vigor.  Essentially, we've got the story of how teen aged Victoria was crowned Queen, despite efforts to get her to assign her powers elsewhere, and then the efforts of various advisors to steer her during her first few years of power.  It's all mildly interesting, but that's it.    So what we're left to care about is a sort-of love triangle.  On one point, we've got the soon to be crowned Victoria, not even out of her teens (Emily Blunt).  Her best and most loyal advisor, the Prime Minister of England, the charming and manipulative Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) is another point.  Yet Victoria, while deeply devoted to the presence of Melbourne, is clearly smitten with Prince Albert of Germany (Rupert Friend), who is the final point of the triangle.  This prince, initially sent to England to \\"spy\\" on Victoria and win her support of German issues...is also smitten with Victoria.  They commence a long-distance and very proper relationship that is really quite sweet and charming.    Victoria is spunky and sure of herself.  She's successfully stared down the machinations of her mother (Miranda Richardson) and consort (Mark Strong).  She has a good instinct for the job, but is prone to peevishness that sometimes runs her afoul of public sentiment.  Albert is the better read of the two, but is somewhat shy and reserved.  Frankly, he might best be described (with his unfortunate haircut and moustache) as a nerd.  But he's a devoted nerd, and one who has Victoria's best interests at heart first and foremost.    The movie never really pretends that Victoria and Albert will not be together, or that they are not meant to be together.  The obstacles in the way of their relationship are fairly easily dispensed with.  But what IS quite refreshing is to see a monarch and her husband actually love each other.  It's not a marriage of convenience or political expedience.  They love each other AND make each other better people.  In many ways, they have an ideal marriage.  Yes, they have a couple of nasty fights.  But there's not much doubt things will work out.    For such a small story to work...one with relatively little in the way of urgent conflict...you'd better have some really nice actors to take you on the journey.  And here, THE YOUNG VICTORIA succeeds quite well.  The supporting cast, including Bettany, Richardson, Strong and a terrific & eccentric Jim Broadbent as King William are all top-notch.  And Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend make a great couple...simple as that.  We ROOT for them throughout the film.  I don't really know Friend's work...but he's quite fun here.  Charming, smart, deferential, shrewd & romantic (he learns to dance for Victoria...and while we see the scene coming from a mile away, it's still simply delightful).  And Blunt is such a fun young actress.  It's very nice to see her in a \\"costume piece\\"...doing her own excellent spin on the kind of part Keira Knightley plays so often.  While she may appear a touch \\"modern\\" from time-to-time, she can play both strong and vulnerable at the same time.  And her slightly unorthodox looks make her endlessly interesting to watch.      The movie wants to be the kind of Oscar-caliber film that ELIZABETH or THE DUCHESS or PRIDE & PREJUDICE were (and it did win an Oscar for costuming)...but the director hasn't delivered a strong enough piece.  But for all that, THE YOUNG VICTORIA is interesting and full of small pleasures and nice performances.  And when it was over, I was certainly ready for THE MIDDLE-AGED VICTORIA and THE OLD VICTORIA.  That's a pretty good endorsement.
B0037A4ILC|4.0|This is an utterly gripping and beautifully made film. The climbing scenes are awesome and so realistic - no fantastical special effect unlike Vertical Limit. The magical atmosphere of the north face and the sense of dizzying hight looking down towards Grindelwald are most impressively captured. The political background of the story only adds to the tension, and the contrast between savagery of the mountain and the cozy upper-class luxury of Kleine Scheidegg Hotel intensifies the sense of drama.    My only disappointment about this film is the ending. Having read Heinrich Harrer's in-depth account of the tragedy in his book 'The White Spider', I found the intervention of the fictional character, Luise, quite off-putting. The fact was relentlessly tragic and more heroic. There was no guardian angel in the form of a woman encouraging Toni Kurz to keep awake during the night, he had to do more difficult operations than merely unravelling the ropes and connecting them, and his last words were not feeble 'Mir ist so kalt...' but 'Ich kann nicht mehr...' which were a heart-rending utterance of a life who had fought to the end and literally exhausted itself. It could have been a great film if they'd stuck to the historical facts.
076790592X|5.0|This book is really nice. I think it is a must for everyone to read it. It may change your they way you see life :)
B002BZZ63S|4.0|This is an utterly gripping and beautifully made film. The climbing scenes are awesome and so realistic - no fantastical special effect unlike Vertical Limit. The magical atmosphere of the north face and the sense of dizzying hight looking down towards Grindelwald are most impressively captured. The political background of the story only adds to the tension, and the contrast between savagery of the mountain and the cozy upper-class luxury of Kleine Scheidegg Hotel intensifies the sense of drama.    My only disappointment about this film is the ending. Having read Heinrich Harrer's in-depth account of the tragedy in his book 'The White Spider', I found the intervention of the fictional character, Luise, quite off-putting. The fact was relentlessly tragic and more heroic. There was no guardian angel in the form of a woman encouraging Toni Kurz to keep awake during the night, he had to do more difficult operations than merely unravelling the ropes and connecting them, and his last words were not feeble 'Mir ist so kalt...' but 'Ich kann nicht mehr...' which were a heart-rending utterance of a life who had fought to the end and literally exhausted itself. It could have been a great film if they'd stuck to the historical facts.
B002ZG97RY|1.0|For an action drama, this movie delivers. Well-written dialogue, talented actors, and a realistic depiction of the early mistakes in the aftermath of the Iraq War (not enough troops to provide security, failure to provide food and water to the population, etc.). However, the production should have done more research into the search for WMDs. If they had, this would have been a much different movie.    Especially if this film had been made after the release of the Wikileak documents which give further evidence as to the existence of WMDs and provide documentation as to WMD caches which have never been reported before in the media.    Sometimes timing is everything.
B003UBTX6S|4.0|This is a great follow up to Beautiful Creatures. Garcia and Stohl did a fantastic job keeping me entranced in the story of Ethan and Lena. The book definitely follows the way sequals tend to be, with one of the main characters kinda fading into the background temporarily. But the story was well paced, definitely had a hard time putting this one down. Hoping there will be another book in the series!
B00368PSN2|1.0|Not a bad film. Plenty of action. Good dialogue. However, like most films involving vikings, they had to thrown in the Christian priest who stupidly gets killed. For the priest to even be there was so anachronistic that I found it difficult to enjoy the rest of the film.
B001UV4XHY|4.0|I love Harry Potter and everything in the world of Harry Potter.  I have read all the books, some several times, I have seen all the movies up to this point and I will own all the DVDs sold.  All the actors in this series are wonderful.  They will always remain favorites of mine. However, I cannot give this movie the five stars it could have been.  The movie ran 2 hours and 26 minutes; Longer than some movies but shorter than other epics such as The Lord of the Rings trilogy.  And for an extra 15 minutes the movie could have stayed more true to the books.  I would have sat there for another hour had it followed the book better.  By taking short cuts, they lost some of the charm that JK Rowling created. Why didn't someone cry foul when this was being filmed?  Or did this happen during editing? We can only hope that the final film will redeem itself and shortcuts will not hack into the true genius that the Harry Potter series is.
B000OPPBEQ|4.0|There's notthing to say about the movies. Fantastic, Revolutionary are just few adjetives to them. But this box set... It's my dreams realized since i knew hid-def movie and sound. Bluray brings me the real sensations of bullet time, watching on 1080p.<br /><br />The only thing i don't like was the \\"slim cases\\" of blu ray and dvd discs. The worst case to blu ray disc i ever see. That collection deserve a digipack (or digibook) case. And more: the third dvd disc was supressed on just 2 dvds (1 disc with 2 reader sides). In my point of view, the Achilles' heel of the collection.
0345528581|1.0|I was eagerly awaiting this book.  I am a trainer of multiple modalities and recommend bodyweight training to all of my clients.  I was really looking forward to having one place to go to spark creative circuits and maybe even learn a few new things.  Unfortunately, this book did neither.  There were far fewer movements in here than I expected and nothing I hadn't seen before.  Further, I wouldn't recommend it to beginners because the descriptions do not supply enough information and the pictures were not well planned.  Why would you try to demonstrate and take a picture of a good plank position in a baggy tank top?  It is very difficult to see not only the neutral spine position but even the tailbone/pelvic tilt.<br />Sorry to not be more of a cheerleader, but this is the first book I have returned to Amazon.
B003DZX44I|4.0|I am reviewing the Beauty and the Beast Diamond Edition that contains the Blu-Ray version, the DVD version and a Bonus disc.  I have only watched the Blu-ray version so far but I am very impressed with how this movie looks in all its 1080P splender.  If you like Beauty and the Beast and want to see it in HD, it is definitely worth it.    The only complaint I have is that I had to return the first one I received.  For the first time ever, I received a bad disc.  When it would get to about the 10th chapter it would start skipping chapters.  I inspected the disc and cleaned it even though there were no apparent dirty spots.  I even power cycled my PS3 and played it and it would consistently start skipping chapters in the same spot.  The second one I received played perfectly in my PS3 so I can only assume the disc was bad.
142311339X|5.0|Starting this book I didn't know if I was going to like it because of the style Riordan chose by writing two chapters about one character then two about another then two about another then back to the same one and repeating the process throughout the whole book. I thought it was slow paced at the beginning but picked up right away. I would recommend this book 100% to all you Percy Jackson fans. This book ties in great with the previous series and is definitely going to be a great series itself. If I had to compare this book with any of Rick Riordan's books, I would say this is the best one he has written yet. I will expect a lot more of this perfection and am looking forward to \\"The Son of Neptune.\\" Rick Riordan is absolutely the greatest authors of all time.     This book introduces 3 new characters- Jason, Piper, and Leo who each have special powers that Camp Half-Blood hasn't seen in a long long time. These characters are extremely rare. Jason (son of Jupiter/Zeus) can will the winds to do what he wants (fly). Piper (daughter of Aphrodite) has the power to charm-speak (persuade people to do what ever she wants. And Leo (son of Hepheaustus) has the power to control fire and even create it. When the Hepheaustus cabin is having bad luck, Leo has a dangerous plan that might not work. I encourage you to read this fast-paced comedy/tragedy. I have to say \\"Props\\" to Riordan!
0439023513|2.0|**Beware Big spoilers ahead**     I just finished up Mockingjay and wanted to contribute some thoughts.  This was a very frustrating book for me to read.  I first started writing a review detailing all of my concerns and issues but after taking some time to reflect I think I'm finally coming to grips with the root of my frustration.  I believe the root of my frustration lies in the first person perspective.  Everything I am seeing is through the eyes of a 17 year old girl thrown into a situation that is bigger than she could possibly imagine.  Present tense complicates it even further because there is no reflection or contemplation of the events, just reaction.  I believe that this worked fine in books one and two (which I really enjoyed).  I could deal with not fully understanding the motivations of the characters and the situations they are in as long as there was some payoff at some point.  Mockingjay had to be the payoff.  In Mockingjay the story seems to overwhelm the characters and I am in full realization that I don't understand much of anything going on.  Katniss only motivation is to run away or go hunting, how does this translate into me understanding where she is at with the rebellion?  Peeta's identity becomes fuzzy,  Gale becomes more single dimensional,  and I truly don't get Haymitch.   Coin and President Snow start taking on more dimension but not soon enough to make it interesting.   Am I being led through the story through the eyes of a girl or manipulated by the author?      And herein lies my frustration.  Is the tunnel vision of Katniss' character a brilliant move by the author to show the reality of Katniss' situation?  Or is it at best manipulative or at worst just clumsy storytelling?  As a reader I didn't like having blinders put on me and forced to conclude that the resistance is bad because it isn't pure and perfect.  Coin's motives are hearsay and a commander says \\"don't trust them\\".  Is it true? Is it not true? I am just funneled to theconclusion because it is Katniss and she reaches the perfect conclusion for no explained reason.  No inner conflict, no introspection, no nuance.   I understand Katniss' grooming team better than I do the resistance.    Let me weigh in on the the love triangle.  With me, there was no team Peeta or Team Gale, there was only team Katniss.   I always viewed Gale as a mentoring father figure and Peeta as a protecting brother figure.  Nothing more and nothing less.  As the story progresses,  Peeta loses his identity,  Katniss never evolves, and Gale becomes a single dimensional \\"ends justifies the means\\" warmonger with little nuance (think of the commander in the movie Avatar). It doesn't play out in a satisfying way because it couldn't.      I didn't hate the book as much as it sounds.  It was just a frustrating read.
1599218011|5.0|I have read every book out there about healthy diet and life style but Crazy Sexy Diet is the best by far.  The information is sound, easy to understand, out into practice and incredibly entertaining at the same time.  Kris Carr has truly walked the walk and and I am so grateful she has taken the time to share her many years of research with her readers.  It is a joy to read and I have already incorporated many of the suggestions and feel the difference.  Kris's writing style is funny and real and the sound scientific facts provided are just as compelling.  This book is a perfect gift for yourself and anyone you truly love!
0316010669|4.0|Blink is an excellent book about how our unconscious affects our thinking. The book demonstrates how powerful our unconscious mind is when it comes to processing information. A lot of times we take forever pondering over plethora of information and are still clueless. On some other occasions, with a tiny piece of information we taking the most perfect of decisions. The book argues its partly because our unconscious is extremely good at weeding out unnecessary information and using just the relevant part for making a decision which is perfect and couldn't have been better. It presents numerous real life examples showing how past experiences/popular perception of people has affected their decision making and consequently results of their actions. The writing is easy to read, driven by examples and is thought provoking. Overall, its an excellent job by Malcolm Caldwell.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|I had this book for awhile.  I just hadn't picked it up.  I started reading it one night around 10 PM and finally stopped around page 150.  I have no idea how late it was when it I put it down.  It's a lovely story about life, heartache and unconditional love.<br /><br />Dog lovers will adore, but the take of the story from an innocent optimistic dog makes for a great take on the characters. It grabs you by page 2, and takes you through the incredible journey as one man copes with some heartfelt struggles.  It's a great story, but also an easy read.<br /><br />I had forgotten how lovely it was to curl up in bed and just read and fall into a book.<br /><br />You will love this book if you like dogs OR people OR race cars OR children :) (Also if you have a hatred for Zebras) I read it, gave it away and now it's on it's third reader in less than a month.
1416594795|5.0|With laser precision Dawkins examines evidential fact after fact and steadily destroys any counter theories to evolution whilst also deftly presenting the reasons evolution is rationally indesputable.<br /><br />What is nice about this book is that it is still readable despite being quite rich in detail.<br /><br />Dawkins approaches his subject like a lawyer, tackling each argument one at a time, shirking none, presenting multiple sides of the arguments and lays out the evidence in a way that simply is breathtaking.<br /><br />If you are a creationist simply do not bother to read it. It will either destroy your faith, or you won't have understood it.<br /><br />This is such a thorough analysis, with both depth and breadth, even people with strong scientific backgrounds will find new stuff in it.<br /><br />One word of warning - it does require thinking about an so isn't a light book, although it is quite readable, so you probably should read it in chunks without distractions.
0066620996|5.0|If you want to take your business to the next<br />level quickly, read this book. You'll discover<br />insights that will help you make your business<br />more productive and successful.<br /><br />Melanie Rembrandt, SEO copywriter, CEO of<br />Rembrandt Communications
B002T4LP6S|5.0|With laser precision Dawkins examines evidential fact after fact and steadily destroys any counter theories to evolution whilst also deftly presenting the reasons evolution is rationally indesputable.<br /><br />What is nice about this book is that it is still readable despite being quite rich in detail.<br /><br />Dawkins approaches his subject like a lawyer, tackling each argument one at a time, shirking none, presenting multiple sides of the arguments and lays out the evidence in a way that simply is breathtaking.<br /><br />If you are a creationist simply do not bother to read it. It will either destroy your faith, or you won't have understood it.<br /><br />This is such a thorough analysis, with both depth and breadth, even people with strong scientific backgrounds will find new stuff in it.<br /><br />One word of warning - it does require thinking about an so isn't a light book, although it is quite readable, so you probably should read it in chunks without distractions.
B0041KKYEM|4.0|I watched Black Swan for the same reason that every other self-respecting heterosexual male did, for the much discussed lesbian scene between the talented and very flexible Natalie Portman and the girl who voices Meg on Family Guy, Mila Kunis. I'm probably not the first to tell you that the lesbian scene bordered on epic proportions only to be rivaled by most of the scenes from Showgirls starring Jesse Spano. Natalie and Mila had extraordinary chemistry and I could barely tell during the scene that they were acting.     The only reason I am not giving this amazing lesbian sex scene five stars is because there are a lot of other scenes in Black Swan that wouldn't be considered a \\"lesbian sex scene\\" by industry standards. Actually, the only other scene that could be considered a \\"sex scene\\" is where Natalie Portman is fantasizing in her room by herself and doing something that most women deny doing but every male knows they actually do. Other than that scene, virtually every scene contains no sexual content. At first I tried to fast forward through the non-sex scenes but ended up accidentally fast forwarding through the desired scene so I ended up getting frustrated and just watched it from the beginning.     Not to spoil the movie for any females that want to actually watch it, but there is a tremendous amount of ballet in this film. It's pretty much all anyone talks about. They're either practicing ballet or performing it in front of a live audience. The only ballet scene I did enjoy was where Natalie was in the Black Swan character, but that's probably because I'm a huge KISS fan. When there aren't ballet scenes, there's a lot of dialogue between characters with hardly any jokes. There aren't many one-liners in this movie. It's virtually un-quotable. It's pretty much the opposite of Old School, which I wasn't expecting.     My hope is that a director's cut is released when the movie comes out on Blu-Ray that removes all the unnecessary scenes such as the ballet anddialog scenes. I realize that most director's cut versions are actually longer than the feature film but I do know of one exception. The hilarious comedy, Alexander, starring Colin Farrell and directed by Oliver Stone has a director's cut that is shorter than the feature film.     In summary, if Black Swan doesn't go the way of the immensely successful film, Alexander, and releases a shortened director's cut without all the extraneous ballet and dialogue scenes, I fear that most of the male audience will miss out on a truly breathtaking lesbian sex scene.
0765326353|5.0|The Way of Kings (2010) is the first Fantasy novel in The Stormlight Archive series.  On the world of Roshar, Highstorms occasionally scour the land and sea.  The flora and fauna have developed means of avoiding the full wrath of the Highstorms.  Humans have also adapted to this violent weather.<br /><br />Humanity has been fighting the Odium on Roshar for eons.  Forty-five centuries ago, nine of the Heralds gave up the fight.  Later, Knights Radiant fought the Voidbringers, but they too eventually disbanded.<br /><br />In this novel, Shallan Davar is a lighteye, the daughter of a wealthy man.  She had grown up on a remote estate in Jah Keved.  After her father's death, she wrote Jasnah Kholin asking to become her ward, i.e., apprentice.<br /><br />Kaladin is a darkeye from Heartstone in Sadeas.  Kal is the son of a surgeon and had been his apprentice.  He had also been a squad leader in the army of Highmarshal Amaram before being branded as a deserter and sold as a slave.<br /><br />Gavilar is a lighteye and King of Alethkar.  He is married to Navani and has two children, Elhokar and Jasnah.<br /><br />Dalinar Kholin the Blackthorn is a lighteye and a High Prince.  He is the brother of Gavilar.  Memories of his wife have been erased from Dalinar's mind, but he has two children, Adolin and Renarin.<br /><br />Sylphrena is a windspren, an intangible spirit.  Syl has been following Kaladin since his time as a soldier.<br /><br />Szeth-son-son-Vallano is a Shin who has been declared Truthless and exiled from his homeland.  He has been bound to an oathstone and must obey anyone who carries it.  But there are some exceptions.<br /><br />In this story, Szeth has been ordered to wear white while assassinating the King of Alethkar.  He has been told to do so in a very conspicuous manner.  After getting his death wound, Gavilar asks Szeth to give his brother a last message.  Szeth writes the message with the King's blood next to the body.<br /><br />Elhokar is crowned as King after his father's death.  When the Parshendi claim to have sent the assassin, the Alethi go to war with them.  The Alethi armies corner the Parshendi within the Shattered Plains.<br /><br />Five years later, Kaladin makes a deal with another squad leader to transfer a very young recruit to his unit.  Cenn arrives before Kaladin returns and is calmed down by Dallet, the assistant squad leader.  Dallet provides the young man with the most urgent information for the upcoming battle.<br /><br />During the battle, Kaladin's squad stands their ground and diverts enemy units elsewhere.  Kaladin leads an assault against an enemy officer and takes him out.  Then an enemy Shardbearer attacks their army from the rear and wracks havoc.  Kaladin leads another assault against the Shardbearer.<br /><br />Eight months later, Kaladin is a slave who bears a danger brand.  The slave wagons are traveling slowly through open ground.  Syl's antics are probably the only thing keeping Kal from going mad.<br /><br />Eventually they arrive at their destination.  The slaves are surprised to discover that they are approaching the encampment of the Alethi army at the Shattered Plains.  Soon a buyer appears to inspect the merchandise.<br /><br />The slaves are bought by an agent of Sadeas.  Four are accepted as soldiers, but the rest become bridgemen.  Kaladin is assigned to Bridge Four.  He is immediately put to work carrying the bridge to an assault.<br /><br />Meanwhile, Shallan has been following Jasnah from place to place for months.  Her ship is now approaching Kharbranth, the City of Bells.  After docking, the captain sends a sailor to check with the dock registrar.  Luckily, Jasnah is still in the city.<br /><br />Shallan is accompanied by a lead sailor to the Conclave at the top of the hill overlooking the harbor.  Shallan leaves him to find Jasnah.  Jasnah is somewhat surprised to see Shallan, but wastes no time testing her for the position.<br /><br />Jasnah is disappointed in Shallan's ignorance in so many fields and dismisses her.  Yalb has waited around the Conclave entrance and meets her as she comes out.  He convinces her to try again and even helps her negotiate a lower price for some books that she needs to read.<br /><br />Eventually, Shallan is accepted for the position and begins her studies.  Some things bore her, but Jasnah persuades her to put things into perspective,  Shallan becomes more enthusiastic about even dull and dry text.<br /><br />Unfortunately, Shallan has become Jasnah's ward for nefarious reasons.  Jasnah has a Soulcaster fabrial that can be used to transform any substance.  The Davar family also has a Soulcaster, but it is broken.  Shallan has volunteered to steal Jasnah's fabrial for the family.<br /><br />On the Shattered Plains, Dalinar is Elhokar's main advisor on the war.  But Dalinar is having visions of past events during Highstorms.  His body convulses and he mumbles gibberish.  Even Adolin is beginning to believe that his father is going mad.<br /><br />Elhokar is young and rather headstrong.  He decides to hunt a chasmfiend, but the creature is soon hunting them. It climbs the plateau where the spectators are gathering and starts killing people.<br /><br />During the battle with the huge animal, Elhokar's saddle girth breaks.  Dalinar saves the king, but it is a close thing.  Elhokar insists that the girth had been cut.  Dalinar asks Adolin to check the girth and the investigation strongly suggests it had been cut.<br /><br />This tale shows the influence of Robert Jordan on the author.  The plots are different, but the size of the novel and character list is much like that of The Wheel of Time.  And there are hints of later plot expansions.<br /><br />This volume leaves many threads unresolved.  The next installment of this series is [[ASIN:0765326361 Words of Radiance]].<br /><br />Highly recommended for Sanderson fans and for anyone else who enjoys tales of chaotic cultures, armed combat, and personalcourage.  Read and enjoy!<br /><br />-Arthur W. Jordin
141690977X|3.0|First, the book is very simple which in my opinion is great for those women who clearly do not understand why they are or continue to be in the same bad situation with men.  This is great for those women who appear desperate or maybe lack common sense.  Some say common sense is not that common.  Additionally, the women that can do so much better but holding on to someone who clearly is not good enough for them.  I have seen every example in this book not only in my friends lives but in my own.  All the stories are the same in the end which was not the happy ending.  The man who traveled a lot was not as busy as he appeared and preferred someone else.  The man who needed more time who was coping with the loss of his ex, was secretly waiting for his ex to take him back.  The man who did not want to have sex and was thought of as just having a low sex drive was caught masturbating.  The man who was with a terrible wife that he got pregnant. The man who is so shy and intimidating that he becomes the annoying yes man (not part of the book).  I could go on but I do not need to.      The book says that there are exceptions to the rule but think of yourself as the exception-not the rule.  In other words, yes there may be the shy guy, or the man who really does need time to move on but because that is usually not the case, it is best for you to believe that he is just not that into you.  The message he is trying to send is that you should be with someone who wants to be with you, loves you, and shows you that he cares.  He is also saying if more women raise the standards for men; then more men would have to act accordingly.  My stepfather and my best friend who is male usually give pretty good advice, however their answers is much like this book which is cut and dry...Leave him!  Stop making excuses for these jokers!  You women make too many excuses!  I want you to be with someone who will respect you and love you like I love your mother!      I picked up this book because my gal pal did and I read a few letter that was hilarious to me.  My only problem in the book was the waiting for a guy to approach you.  I see some reviews mention the shy guys and I did not read all 900 to see if this was mentioned but race or ethnicity was not something I saw.  I date different men but I have learned that men who are not the same color or ethnicity as me as a tendency to be afraid to approach me for the fear that I would not like them based on the color of their skin (if they were not the same ethnicity).  Some bit the bullet and approached me and others confided to my friends who told me that so and so was scared and did not want me to tell you but...  I am sure such a serious topic could really dampen the mood of the book however it is not as cut and dry as...he is just not that into you.  I have approached a guy that just would not stop looking at me only to find out that he felt that again the color of his skin would be an issue.  Did they all work out, the answer is no but it wasn't because they were not into me, it was because I was not into them for various reasons.      Also this book is more of a help to recognize an issue as oppose to help to solve an issue.  Raise your standards, stop settling for less, put your foot down type book.  It is not a relationship book as far as if you are in a relationship and you want things to work out what to do guide.  I would not recommend this for married couples even if he may not be into you.  This is a book that is great for women who are not happy and question does this guy really want me or not.  Greg may say be single and find someone better.  However, how many of us have a line of guys at our doors waiting for their turn?  The point is that if you are in the situation where his actions all say he is into me except for one thing (minus cheating) that happens to be a topic such as too busy, travel, no sex, etc but you have been together for many years...this is not the book to look for ways to discover the underlining problem and fix them.  This is not therapy advice nor is it meant to be.  Common sense also needs to be applied, just because a guy does not call when he stated he would does not always necessarily mean he is not into you.  It is more applicable to someone who does this constantly. I had a guy who did not call me when he should have, found out later he had a car accident and the phone was smashed in the accident.  He had a rental car and lucky me since he memorized my number which is not common these days, when he had access to a phone he called me.  He had a habit of calling or texting me every day good morning, afternoon, and night so of course it was out of the routine to not hear from him for lunch and him not respond when I text and called him.  Please do not be crazy Nikki.  If you go to the emergency room to tell the guy that you are onto him then in this case you are the exception and possible insane.    Next, Greg mentions a great point: make sure you know who you you get naked for.  Ladies this is a great line.  You do not want to be sexually involved with someone who is giving mixed messages.  I love you but I can't leave the kids, I love you but not ready for a relationship, I do not know what I want, I want to see you but I am tired from travelling, or I am busy I cannot call.  If a man regardless of how much of a Don Juan he is does not want to commit (whether it be himself or time) then do not have sex with him and spend more time with your friends and date others.  If he is truly interested and just needed more time from his last break-up, or really busy at work, or really wants to leave his wife, then he will do so.  If he really is not that interested then he is not going to budge.  Separating (distancing) yourself not only helps if it ends but it also helps you look at things in a better perspective without all the endorphin highs. You also have your dignity, respect, and confidence.  That is something that Greg does not advise because then that will have a gray area and make the book even more complex.  I, as a woman am saying that I know it is hard to end things cold turkey and sometimes...that is the best way but, just because Greg says to do it does not necessarily mean it is the best way for you.  He is more like my stepfather who says, \\"Leave him, no excuses!\\"    In conclusion, this book is a great complement to other relationship self help books that I have yet to buy.  I do not think it should be the only book to rely on. The information may be hard to swallow and he is that big brother that you may not stand but really look at some of your relationships and your friends and tell me that you do not see what he is talking about.  How many of your friends are really the exception?  Plus, what do you prefer...the man who is too afraid to approach you or the one that sweeps you off your feet?  The man who is too busy to text/call to say goodnight or the man who despite a busy work day contacts you to say he thought of you? No sex or sex?  Married or Single? If you do not buy it for advice then definitely buy it for the laugh.    Please note that I would rate this a 3.7.  I did not quite feel a 4 but very close to it.
B00466HM28|4.0|If you have spent any time reading the reviews of the LPD8 and the LPK25, rest assured you can apply them to this product as well. The MPK Mini is literally a combination of the LPD8 and LPK25; nothing less and nothing more. Which is a great thing if you've been considering both!    This is my first MPC product but I am an experienced keyboardist. The Pads are pretty nice. I enjoy how they light up when you hit them. Like others said regarding the LPD8, they aren't as sensitive as some might prefer, and I'm inclined to agree. It tends not to register some of might lighter hits, so I'm having to get used to how hard I have to hit it. No big deal. It's also nice to have the knobs. They aren't as nice as professional grade knobs, but they work nicely for such a compact unit. The keyboard has mini keys and they are very sturdy. Some complain that it feels like a toy keyboard. Of course it does, they are mini keys! The keys are fine for their purpose of capturing ideas. I do not consider them performance worthy.    For those comparing this to other 25 key midi controllers, please know what you are comparing. There's a reason this is $100. It's simply a combination of two other products. Don't complain about the lack of pitch/mod wheels. The purpose of this product is portability and to allow you to capture ideas when you don't feel like lugging around larger equipment. For these reasons, I find it to be an excellent product.    Definitely pick this product up if you're looking for something extremely portable with acceptable mini keys and very playable MPC pads.
0375507256|5.0|This was the best book in 2006. Though the stories take you to different worlds, the line that tied it all together for me was: \\"Torturous advances won over generations can be lost by a single stroke of a myopic president's pen or a vainglorious general's sword.\\"<br />The most poignant story is the one narrated by Somni. In her 22nd century world, bioengineering has re-shaped society to the point that barbie dolls are actual miniature people fashioned after the newest pop-star and are kept by children as if these mini people were pets... and this is just a small aspect of Somni's corporate/police world.<br />Wish this book, or at least Somni's story could be shaped into a movie, if only to get the story out there to those not fond of books....Don't mean to offend, I just really think this story is so darn good.
B003XQRZ7E|1.0|Soon to be found in a bargain bin near you....    Screaming meaningless lyrics and unforgettable music, reminded me of a bad version of Soundgarden fifteen years late.
B000W74EQC|4.0|This movie was a great adaptation of the novel. The characters are wonderfully brought to life by the actors. A perfect introduction to Rowling's wizard world and Harry Potter.
0385528752|5.0|I just attended the Switch bootcamp in Chapel Hill yesterday.  It was very well done.  Dan Heath spent 8 hours helping us with the following.    1) Truly understanding the importance of getting the people and the goal clear in our minds, before they are loaded into the Switch framework.    2) Walking a personal goal all the way through the framework, so we could see each of the steps reflected in something we have a passion for.    3) Working our way through several exercises to truly understand the new vocabulary, and the framework.    4) And finally, setting up a business goal, moving through the framework, refining the goal, and setting an action trigger so that the \\"Switch\\" will start today.    Dan has a nice informal style of presentation.  He shared his observations and asked enough questions to the group to help lead us through a great day.    If you have read the book and want to jumpstart change in your life, I would attend the nearest bootcamp
0385523904|5.0|This book is like a virtual-reality trip through Orwell's \\"1984\\".  While reading the book it was a recurring shock to remember that these events are real and these people are real, many of them still alive today.  It is very hard to accept that ordinary people can be manipulated into believing and even cherishing such a way of life, even as they starve to death!  It truly is a trip through the looking-glass.  The book is very well researched and documented, and it is written in style that keeps you reading 'just one more chapter before bedtime.'  I recommend it to everyone.
B004GNYGTI|4.0|My wife and I enjoyed this movie because it was a good action film and did not contain gratuitous blood and gore.  With a few exceptions, all of the chasing, fighting and shooting was aimed at stopping the bad guys, not killing them.  I am sure that Jolie did not do many of the stunts, but it was filmed and edited so well that one could not tell if it was her performing the death defying actions of her character.  The premise and story of the film added to its interest but a number of motivations and actions were either unclear or somewhat non-sensical.  This may have been due to editing out some of the details or just not incorporating them to begin with.  However, these weaknesses could probably be cured by writing more specific purpose for several scenes that would not take more that an additional 5 or 10 minutes of film.  I did watch the film twice to make sure I did not miss certain explanatory information.  I do not think I missed anything of significance.<br /><br />So, I rate this film 5 stars for its excitement and enjoyment but reduce that rating by 1 star because the film was not logically and tightly put together as it could have been.  If you are not a super critical viewer, this film should provide excitement and enjoyment sufficient to take your mind off the economic and other problems many of us may currently have to deal with.  However, my advice is to not over analyze the details and just sit back and enjoy the entertainment.
B002HWRYJE|4.0|As a Trekkie from way back (and I'm talking the 60's), I was excited to see this movie.  It did not disappoint.  We saw it in the theater - a good choice for this type of movie, and I rented the DVD later on to watch again.  Still a great movie.  I loved the interaction between Spock and Kirk, and all the references to the past.  It was great to see L. Nimoy again,like seeing an old friend. It was an interesting movie, full of great scenes, action, and unpredictable. This movie was more about relationships and less about solving any intergalactic problem, at least that was my feeling, which was fine by me.  I was still thoroughly entertained. Perhaps not as true to form as die-hard Trekkies would like, but still a great movie in and of itself.
0679777547|5.0|If you believe there is no way a story about the collecting of rare books could be exciting then this is not the read for you. Proceed to the NYT's Best Seller List and purchase a Stieg Larsson novel. However, if you enjoy not only books but the history of books and some of the peculiar personalities surrounding their authorship and distribution then you will like this.    Writers have often had cult-like followings and writers who create serials often have such a following in a more intense fashion. This book will breeze you through a world of book buying that crosses the globe and will introduce you to some fascinating characters along the way. If you're anything like me, a Byronic hero of sorts slowing coming to grips with his own mortality, then you may also pick up some new reads such as 'Melmoth' or 'The Devil in Love.'    I have recommended this book to several friends and some did not quite enjoy it. I quickly determined it is because they have a limited imagination and so I ceased being friends with them. If you enjoy intrigue and are fascinated by literary history and some of the mysterious figures associated with it, then you will have a hard time putting this book down. It also plays a bit with the occult but you find that much of that is tied to books you have read since childhood.    It's a fantastic rainy day weekend read and pairs nicely with a smooth pinot noir.
0316098337|3.0|Despite all the flaws outlined in the 1 star reviews, I bought this book because I was intrigued by the notion.  Yes, Jack's speech was not believable.  Yes, the \\"escape\\" was not believable.  Yes, some of the characters (Old Nick) were poorly developed.  Yes, too much breastfeeding!  But I enjoyed the point of view of a 5 year old and found it an easy and interesting read.  5 stars?  NO.  But average, anyway, and worth the time spent.
B002VPE1YS|5.0|I wanted something that would fit my new iPod Touch with the skin on. The case is just the right size and keeps it protected without being too tight to get it in and out. And if you have the Speck Pixel Skin, the quilted case kinda matches!
B004CRR9G0|5.0|After eagerly awaiting this after being released in Japan in July, I just couldn't wait and decided to import two months ago. Although costly, it is a very nice upgrade and I have to disagree with the reviewer below who stated that there is not a substantial upgrade over the dvd. First off, the japanese blu-ray is not windowboxed (black bordered) like the dvd version is, and while there are some shots that look fuzzy or out of focus, a large majority of this looks incredibly sharp and detailed with much warmer colors.     HOWEVER, this is all in reference to the Japanese version. There is no guarantee that Disney will use the same transfer for the U.S. release, but if they do then I think the fans will be content.
0385336950|4.0|During the final year of World War II, Japanese forces launched around 9,000 balloons containing bombs over the Pacific Ocean to North America. Thanks to a successful media blackout, the general public was unaware of the threat, and the Japanese gave up the project.    Louis Belk is a teenager who, on the way to join the seminary, stops to enlist in the US Army Air Corps and is assigned to become a bomb demolition expert. While in San Francisco for training, he first encounters one of the balloons, but before he realizes what it is, he is transferred to Anchorage, Alaska. It is here that he and his commanding officer, Gurley, must try to predict where the balloons will land next. There are reports that future waves of balloons may carry more than just bombs: biological warfare may be next.    Liam Callanan's \\"The Cloud Atlas\\" is narrated by Father Belk at the bedside of his dying friend, a shaman named Ronnie, sometime in the late 1990s or early 2000s. Ostensibly, it is a story about Belk's service during World War II, his assignment to Alaska, and his work with the top-secret balloon bombs. However, it is more than just the tale of a life gone by. These years were key in shaping Louis' life; it was while in Anchorage that he met Lily, a shaman with a secret of her own. And it was during the war that Louis learned about shamanism and the animal spirits that roam through Alaska.    Initially, I wasn't thrilled with the book. The topic of the balloons interested me, but reading through Belk's ramblings didn't make a lot of sense at first. But the more I kept reading, the more the story began to weave its spell. I found myself excited to get home and read more of the book, to find out what would happen next. How did the war end for everyone? What happened to Lily, to Gurley, to Louis himself? \\"The Cloud Atlas\\" is certainly a tale of one man's experience in the far northwest corner of the earth, but it is also a story of love, of life, of the yearning for completion, for knowledge of another human being, of respect for each other.
1439177783|5.0|Unbearable Lightness is the actress Portia de Rossi's story of her eating disorder. Not just a typical story of I have this disorder here is how I recovered. She actually only talked about the recovery in the Epilogue.    As I read through the book, reading as her obession with food, exercise and calories grew into a true obsession I definately recognized the ride. While I myself do not have anorexia or bulimia I have a bad relationship with food. But more than just my bad relationship with food, I recognized things in her behavior in my own mood disorder. If I wasn't dealing with physical illness currently I could very easily have been triggered into a manic episode just simply reading about her own manic type behaviors with her disorder.    This made me think not only of my own poor relationship with food, but my poor relationship with my own self esteem. Self Esteem being the way I value myself, not just if I feel good about myself or not. Because of my poor relationship with myself I have self destructive behaviors I do that continue to create a circular cycle for me. It is a comfort to not have to change, to not have to get well.    Her book reached out to me more than I expected.  I wish for anyway to be able to tell Portia thank you.  While I myself do not struggle with an eating disorder I do struggle with a self esteem disorder, and with my own mood disorder it (the book) struck such a cord with me that I in my own introspection brought me to tears.  I don't know how to crawl out of my own hole, but at the conclusion of this book, I realized I was still there.. not yet free of it as I had thought.
0312600844|1.0|This book being heralded as a 2010 top ten is a sad reflection on the state of American culture, possibly a harbinger of a future filled with grand prizes for mediocre books, mediocre buildings, and mediocre accomplishments like giving people gold medals for not tripping over their own feet.  I read a lot and I read a lot of books from a lot of \\"best\\" lists and I can say without hesitation that this is the worst book I have ever read from any list of any kind.     The people in this book are fake, non-real constructions from the very first page, non-entities about whom no reader should care. After reading more than half this book I realized that I cared more about Kenny from South Park than I did about any of the empty characterizations in this book.  The terrible part is these trying times America really needs important books, filled with well conceived, well developed American characters, depicting the costs and benefits of personal freedom, speaking to the difficult circumstances in which many live, providing real insights.  In all these veins, Freedom is a complete failure.    Would you like to read worthwhile 2010 books about the intersection between Americans and freedom?  Try \\"Next\\" by James Hynes.  Try \\"Both Ways Is the Only Way I Want It\\" by Maile Meloy. Try \\"Every Man in this village is a liar\\" by Megan Stack.
B00406UK7S|5.0|I found this movie quite entertaining and depicts what the Rome Empire was like in it's hayday. I was a little  surprised at what they did to the Centurion after his efforts to return to the Fort, but not at the ending. Serves them right for loosing such a dedicated soldier. If you know Roman history, you can agree with what the film is trying to portray. I liked it and I'll watch it again.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|As a long time fan that has waited way too long for a Hi-Def release, this is a must buy for me despite any shortcomings concerning the original versions. As stated already, the original versions are already available as bonus discs on the Special edition DVD release and that is likely the best outcome we can hope for as no further resources will likely be funneled into any restoration by Lucasfilm. As far as this release goes, I believe we will have a lot of treasures unearthed in the bonus material. We may even see the infamous \\"Luke building his lightsaber on Tatooine\\" scene from Episode VI added to the either the bonus content or maybe even the film itself as a clean Hi-Def version exists. That alone would make me buy this set. In retrospect I am a little let down by the prequels, but I would rather have them then not as they add in the missing story elements/background to the original trilogy. I am buying the complete saga set and will be content to call this the definitive collection even with the inevitable 3-D release on the horizon. At long last we will have our saga as it was meant to be seen!!
B00005JLWN|1.0|I'm sure it's a great movie, but I wouldn't know. I ordered from Amazon UK here in the states and upon putting in the disc I get a 'region error' message.    Nice.
B0034G4OXQ|5.0|If you are interested in the subject matter, there is a definite tension that builds throughout this movie - a sort of rush - that will keep you riveted to the three unfolding dramas (and they are dramas, not thrillers or horror stories) despite the slow pace. And really, it is not so slow of a pace at all except that there are no lasers, robots, or dinosaurs in 3D.<br /><br />A famous reporter's career and reputation are impacted when she attempts to share her near-death experience with others. Simultaneously and on another continent, a man with a heart of gold is shunned for a gift he cannot hide. And in yet another part of the world a young boy struggles to keep his hope alive as, in a lonely solitary search, he meets one charlatan after another who's claimed connections to the afterlife prove to be yet another farce. These three stories intertwine at the end of the movie, and payoff in a satisfying way. However, they don't payoff in a gratuitously \\"spooky\\" sort of way. The ending is certainly satisfying, it is uplifting and there is closure. But instead of gratuitous blowout interactions with the afterlife, the ending is a bit more understated albeit with a very moving conclusion. Personally, I appreciated that sort of restraint. Restraint, for me, was the powerhouse strength of this movie. Instead of jumping as quickly as possible into scenes of the afterlife and spooky interactions, the movie focuses the majority of its time on the hard yet realistic experiences of the characters who've been affected. Like a river that is serene on top but churning underneath, the stories are 95% completed with soft-spoken dialogue, in serene environments, and in safe settings; however, beneath every calmly conducted scene there is also conveyed sharp pain, rejection, and loneliness on the part of the individuals seeking, sharing, and questioning in a world that shuns and becomes annoyed by \\"that sort of talk.\\" I'm not saying I'm a believer, but this film does make you wonder - Why aren't more of us wondering? What makes some of us afraid to question, or even pull away from those who do?<br /><br />This movie has some scenes and portrayals of what the afterlife might be like, but by and large it focused more on the repercussions to the characters who shared about or questioned, or tried to hide, their experiences with the afterlife. For me, it's less a movie about the afterlife, and more a movie that defends it as being OK to question and share about it from this life.en't more of us wondering? What makes some of us afraid to question, or even pull away from those who do?     This movie has some scenes and portrayals of what the afterlife might be like, but by and large it focused more on the repercussions to the characters who shared about or questioned, or tried to hide, their experiences with the afterlife. For me, it's less a movie about the afterlife, and more a movie that defends it as being OK to question and share about it from this life.
0066620996|1.0|This may very well be the worst business book ever written.  Its advice has duped low level corporate leaders to \\"think\\" that they are level 5 and do all sorts of stupid things to a company and its employees, ultimately shrinking their market share, concentrating their business risk, and making them vulnerable to a serious setback if even one bad thing happens.  It has ruined the lives of its most promising talent, by having subpar management decide who should be on or off the bus, and should be avoided at all costs.  Don't read it.  Burn it.
B002ZG97EC|5.0|When I saw the trailers for Despicable Me, I thought it was the tipical animated movie with cheap laughs. I went to see it with skepticism and I was surprised of how good it was. True it has some cheap laughs but the overall humor is better than your average Dreamworks film. The minions are a a blast and the good thing is that they are not obnoxious. The animation is well done and has a talented cast that provide suitable voices for the characters. Gru is a likeable villain are as the three little girls who win his heart. But, the highlight of the film for me was Julie Andrews as Gru's cruel mother. She was a blast. The only problem was Vector, he was obnoxious and I didn't care about him throughout the film. He just drag it too much. Anyway, aside from him everything works just fine. Of course this film is not Toy Story 3 or even How To Train Your Dragon but it's pure fun.<br /><br />Despicable Me looks fantastic in HD, the picture is crystal clear with no artifacts. Sound is also crisp and clear. It's a demo quality disc.<br /><br />The DVD also looks and sound good but of course cannot much the quality of the BD. A digital copy is also offered (a waste of money).<br /><br />In the bonus features department you have some goodies. First you have three minion mini-movies which are funny but forgettable. Then you have to featurettes that look to the voices and the world of the film, they are enetertainig but they are more promotional than informative. You also have an audiocomentary and some games.<br /><br />Despicable Me is not the year's best animated feature but it's fun and you'll have a good time watching it. Recommended.
B003ZSJ212|3.0|Any version of Episode IV that includes Greedo shooting first is an abomination and should be summarily dismissed. To any fan of the original series, it is a key moment in the development of Han Solo's character. Without strongly incorporating his initial mercenary nature, his appearance in the end as savior to the rebellion loses all its impact. The reason people love Han Solo is because he is a rogue rehabilitated to hero.
B002ZG981E|5.0|After the spectacular \\"The Dark Knight\\", Christopher Nolan introduces us into a new masterpiece. When I saw the trailers for Inception, I didn't know what to expect but when I saw it the day it premiered I was completely blown away. So blown away that I watch it again in theaters. 2010 was a year full of dissapointments (especially in the summer) and Inception was the only live-action film that truly delivered. It presents a completely original complex idea of how dreams work that in other less talented hands would have been a mess but in Nolan's hands is a masterpiece. Add amazing special effects, a talented cast and a fantastic score provided by Hans Zimmer and you have one of the best movies ever. I've seen some good movies this year like The Social Network, Black Swan and others and while they are really good, Inception is the best and by far is my year's favorite (alongside Toy Story 3).<br /><br />Inception in Blu-Ray looks fantastic. There is really good detail with no grain, artifacts or any other bad thing that could plague the picture. Even more impressive is the sound, with a dts-hd 5.1, Inception really rocks the house.<br /><br />You have a handful of bonus material like some deleted scenes, trailers and most exciting the Extraction-Mode viewing experience which dissects many scenes of the film and the crew discusses how they achieved this amazing scenes.<br /><br />A DVD/Digital Copy disc is also offered.<br /><br />Inception is a clever, well-constructed film that deserves every praise that it got. I know The Social Network is the favorite to win the top prizes but I really hope Inception wins because is fantastic. Completlety Recommended.
0439023491|5.0|It was amazing! I loved it! Perfect and the most wonderful pageturner I have ever read. I thought Hunger Games was amazing, well this book is perfect follow up to Hunger Games. The love triangle between Gale, Katniss and Peeta was kinda weak and I think that Katniss needs to make up her mind! I give it 100 stars though!<br /><br />At the begining it was a bit boring, I put it down a few times, annoyed, in till I got up to the part at Gale's whipping. In school, after that I couldn't put it down! My teachers keep nagging me to put the book down and pay attention! When I got home, I read for three hours straight and finished it! Amazing and a cliff-hanger but I love it, all the way!!!
1402210795|4.0|I really wanted this book to be in my Top 3 since it seems to be a favorite among many Heyer fans but sometimes I was just annoyed with Sherry.  I didn't like to find him so aggressive with Hero.    That said the cast is hilarious and entertaining.  I found myself laughing at the things Sherry's friends said and did.  I am eager to read more of her books.
B000056VJ7|2.0|I haven't heard this album in 33 years and brings back memories when I was a kid and bought it on vinyl. I still remember every song and every word and don't know how you categorize this release however I think it's a classic. I would give this release 4 stars however my review is based on the remastering from according to the record label \\"Original Masters\\". I listen to my music on a full stereo set up with pro speakers and this edition sounds awful! Sounds too compressed and the separation and mix of the instruments needs some serious improvements. This also sounds very thin and could use some extra bass. The only part of this release that sounds good is the vocals however I hope the next edition will be a \\"Deluxe\\" version with outtakes and maybe some live tracks and the main improvement, a better mastering job!
B002SEW5WW|4.0|Finally bought this album the other day and what a pleasure. Many of the band members can actually play the violin, piano, and cello, and those classical instruments are seamlessly integrated into a pop-rocky sound that is a nice departure from most of the sexfueled-vocally driven music getting most of the attention these days. Ryan Tedder's voice is soothing, the entire cd is a great listen.
B003UESJ9M|3.0|\\"Country Strong\\" is a fairly reliable celebrity drama, although it's not particularly original and it would have worked a lot better were it not for an unearned, shamelessly soapy ending. What surprised me was that I couldn't take the ending at face value. To be perfectly blunt, it made me angry. The events of the film don't build to this particular kind of conclusion, but more to the point, it made me rethink my feelings for the character involved, and not in a positive way. But I'm getting way ahead of the story; what builds up to the ending is standard relationship melodrama, a love triangle between an emotionally unstable country superstar, her conniving husband, and the honky-tonk hunk she has been having an affair with. There's also the up-and-coming singer who was once a beauty queen.    It tells the story of Kelly Canter (Gwyneth Paltrow), an alcoholic country singer whose drinking led to a tragic accident. At the start of the film, she's prematurely taken of rehab by her husband/manager, James (Tim McGraw), who pressures her into embarking on a tour across Texas. As one observes the situation over the course of the film's 112 minutes, one cannot help but feel that James' motives have more to do with punishing his wife than with resurrecting her career. This isn't to suggest he lumbers into every scene with a big, evil scowl on his face. He channels his resentment professionally, setting her up with press conferences and interviews. For the most part, he keeps his emotions to himself, although there is a telling moment at a Make a Wish appearance; after dancing with Kelly for a moment, he breaks away from her, exits the room, and then starts crying in the hallway. His anger is understandable. His methods, however, are cruel and manipulative.    Meanwhile, Kelly and James are accompanied by Kelly's lover, Beau Hutton (Garrett Hedlund), and Chiles Stanton (Leighton Meester), who wants to break into the county music scene. The former is a singer/songwriter whofrequents dives, has a loyal following, and cares for the art of song more than the idea of fame. He met Kelly when he was working as an orderly while she was in rehab. He tags along under the preposterous notion that he's Kelly's sponsor. The latter is the young, idealistic beauty whose eyes sparkle with dreams of stardom. Beau describes her look as Country Barbie, and I kid you not, she takes that as a compliment. She's talented, but her reliance on her outward appearance is merely a coping mechanism for deep insecurities that stem from childhood. She knows of no other way to get attention other than looking beautiful.    Beau and Chiles initially walk that fine line between antagonism and attraction, but rest assured, their relationship goes to the next level. This strikes me as somewhat odd, since it's obvious that he cares deeply for Kelly. It is, after all, he who calls James out on the pills he gave to Kelly. And rescued Kelly from a bar during a particularly bad relapse. And broke down the door to Kelly's dressing room at a crucial moment. Is it possible that this movie is really about a man who loves two women for different reasons? I hesitate to think the screenplay probes that deep. The actors all give decent performances, and yet they play little more than caricatures, and the drama on which the story is founded is so heightened that the whole thing comes off as a two-hour soap opera.    The title refers to a state of mind; Kelly is told that she can do anything because she's country strong, which I guess is somehow different from general strength. It doesn't matter - the ending makes it abundantly clear that she possesses absolutely no strength, country or otherwise. This character seriously let me down; I felt like a boy whose parent reneged on a promise to be at his baseball game. I also felt cheated, since the events of the film gave no indication that its conclusion would be the only appropriate one. So far as I can tell, the ending was included merely as a way to create more drama.    To give writer/director Shana Feste some credit, her casting choices were spot on. This is evident in both the performances and in the actors' singing voices; Paltrow in particular owns every song she sings, pretty much to the point that it's a mystery why she hasn't pursued a career in singing or musical theater. Hedlund is also a convincing singer - perhaps this movie is his apology for \\"Tron: Legacy.\\" Even so, the film is overwrought, predictable, sappy, and contrived, and it ends on a note sour enough to leave a bad taste in anyone's mouth. Was there no other way to bring this story to a close? How did Feste come to believe that \\"Country Strong\\" needed that particular turn of events? The more I try to figure out what she meant by including it, the more confused and annoyed I become.
B002ZCY7SW|1.0|This GOT to be the most idiotic idea for a series EVER. The fate of the world is at stake and the only person that can save us is one guy who has 24 hours to do it in. C'mon people you have to be able to suspend belief in a lot of shows and this show doesn't even try. \\"Lost\\" could do it because of the setting and oh yeah, great acting, directing and superb WRITING!! I watched the first season and came out of it swearing to never buy a cell phone. The guy never gets caught in traffic, never has bowel movements ( needed to use that phase to make sure I didn't offend.) I remember watching the first season, came out of it swearing to never buy a cell phone. Let's see, in one episode Jack's wife and daughter get kidnapped. His wife gets raped, then they escape but crash. One of them has amnesia, I believe it was the daughter. So she staggers away from the car only to wind up an old boyfriend's house, who is a bad guy. Mom comes home and someone is about to kill her but is saved all in ONE HOUR, please!!
B001C08RHA|3.0|Condition of the Video: I received this as a Christmas present. I could hear the dvd sliding around inside. Usually the videos are fine from here. Movie Review: I've seen the movie before and liked the beginning to the middle. After that, there was no imagination. It was a copycat of Robocop, after evil guy is discovered. However, since the first half of the movie was so good, I decided to own a copy. If the condition of the video was good, I would have given it 4 stars.     Lesson Learned: Don't order videos around Christmas time.
B002LFIZDG|5.0|I could listen to this album all day, and in fact, I do! I listen to it at my work while doing various office things. The subtle strings in this album will blow you away!
0545123275|2.0|I just coldn't get into this book. Right off the start I wasn't connecting with anyone and I didn't find it all that exciting. I think I was just in the mood for something else. I won't get rid of this just yet, but I probably won't try to read it again for a while. lots of people really love it, so maybe it just wasn't for me.
B004EAQNO4|4.0|I am a major wimp when it comes to horror movies, so this movie totally freaked me out! I really liked the plot though. This movie is the first of a set of three that M. Night Shyamalan is writing and producing called the Night Chronicles. They are all supposed to have something supernatural in them, which sounds really exciting. I was a little surprised at the kind of pro-Christian messages in this movie, especially coming from Shyamalan. First, starting out with the Bible verse at the beginning, then throughout the movie, and finally the end quote: \\"If the devil is real, then God must be real too.\\"     I would hope that people would take this movie and think about it a little bit deeper than just a scary movie.
B0038BBA4I|5.0|Sigh No More is a great album.  It encompasses various instruments and melodies through out which can appeal to a large group of people.  The lyrics are sharp and energy along with passion is conveyed through their music.  I will say it took me a few listens to become a fan, but I'm glad I didn't give it one listen and turn my back.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|How do you top Band of Brothers and Saving Private Ryan? You can't, but this is pretty darn good entertainment. It is also very accurate. If you've never seen a long laundry list of WW2 war films, this is going to impress you on several levels. If you have seen The Naked and the Dead, Guadalcanal Diary, Thin Red Line, Battle Cry you will recognize similar visual shots, battle scenes and experiences of the main characters. HBO/Hanks/Spielberg have not discovered new ground here, but certainly have presented it very well. You can learn a lot about life on the home front, what hero's did, said, felt lived and died.<br /><br />The scenery is fantastic - a period piece showing the vintage cars, real tanks, half tracks. The human interest is compelling. Like its predecessors, it shows war as it is - degrading, dehumanizing, brutal and sometimes, absolutely necessary. This mini series cannot nor does it try to show you every event in the Pacific War, but snapshots of what being a Marine was like in some of the hardest fought and bloodiest battles in WW2. As Admiral Chester Nimitz said These were times when \\"uncommon valor was a common virtue\\".<br /><br />The mark of good entertainment is that it leaves you wanting more. I certainly would watch more of The Pacific, as I would Band of Brothers or Saving Private Ryan. If Amazon had a 10 point rating scale the former would be 10's and the Pacific an 8.
0765326353|4.0|Let me start off by saying that I enjoyed this book.  I don't finish books that I get bored with.  However, I usually finish books that I enjoy far faster than the three months this one took me (Towers of Midnight and The Gathering Storm took only three days each.  Ender's Game only took one).    My first complaint is that I was only marginally interested in Dalinar and Adolin's plot-lines for about two-thirds of this book.  I found the political maneuvering to be bland, and their war to be uninteresting.  At times Adolin reminded me strongly of Paulini's depiction of the townsfolk of Carvahal.  (Honestly, whose goal in life is to fight as many duels as possible)?! The temptation to skip Adolin's or Dalinar's perspective was nearly insurmountable.    My second complaint is that since Roshar is so alien a setting that I sometimes found it impossible to fully dispel my sense of disbelief.  This in turn distanced me both from the characters and the story making this book a slower read than Elantris, Mistborn, Warbreaker, or Alcatraz.    However, at the end of the day I enjoyed the book and so I give it 3.5 stars.
B002ZG97EC|5.0|My family of five all love movies and we share movie night every Friday.  This is just a great movie.  The voices are perfect for the characters and surprising!  I honestly didn't recognize a lot of them (Steve Carrell's voice as Gru, Julie Andrews as his mom, Jason Segel as Vector and Kristin Wiig as Miss Hattie are some highlights that really add to the enjoyment of the movie and make the characters come alive).  One of the reasons this is great is that there are no over the top scary villains or scenes that ruin it for younger viewers but it is entertaining enough for any age.  Gru is the villian at the start of the show but they found the right mix of inept violence to make it funny and amusing (not scary).  His minions are adorable little \\"might bean\\" looking characters from the same genetic mutation and are really funny (the three extra movies are very short but amusing and fun to watch and focus almost exclusively on the minions).  The story is a fresh take on the fish out of water tale.  Gru wants to capture the moon to get his gusto back but needs three orphans to help him steal a shrink ray from Vector.  He intends to use them and then dump them but ends up falling in love with them (as you will) and softens through the film.  We received this from Santa and have already watched it three times I highly recommend this family friendly movie with a great story, great and enjoyable characters and great animation (especially on blue ray the colors really come out).  Hope there is a sequel and that you enjoy watching it as much as we did!
0064431622|5.0|I always used this book when working with children so I knew I would have to include it in my son's collection. The illustrations are beautiful as always and I love the message it sends. My eighteen month old was laughing harder and louder the more mixed up the poor chameleon became. I highly recommend this to any parent! This version is not a hardcover or a board-book but it is a good size which really lets you enjoy the artwork.
B003539QKO|1.0|this has got to be the worst album ever, i wouldnt even wipe my @ss with it... there isnt one good song on the whole cd, the only decent song is drop the world, an the only reason that song is good is cause eminem saved it period, this cd is a waste of time money an hell even cds, i dont what the hell he was trying to prove but he proved nothin, ive never been a hard core fan but theres always been a few good songs on every cd that lil waynes produced.. this cd was a failed experiment. hell we all know he smokes weed but i think for this cd he started smokin crack... no one in thier right mind would buy this cd. do yourseld a favor go to frostwire download drop the world its the only decent song an its still not good enough to spend money on... leave the rock to the rockers lil wayne an stick to what you know this cd is nothing more than garbage...
B003NSPUOC|5.0|Not only are the books page turners but my experiance with Bangzo was exceptional.  I have ordered three sets of the Trilogy through them (soft cover for three not available through US distributers)and they came through every time.    Each book gets a little better.  You won't put any of these down.  Count on reading well into the night.
0517548232|5.0|As a student and teacher of economics, this book has proved to be an invaluable resource!  The lesson is simple and direct, yet one that many people fail to apply.  This should be required reqding for anyone involved in the development of economic policy (or any other arm of policy making, for that matter).  Whether you agree with Hazlitt's conclusions about how the market works or not, you cannot dispute the key lesson of this book.  It is entertaining to read, particularly easy for a book about economics.  I highly recommend it!
B003ES61EE|4.0|This is a very light weight cleaning brush for camera lens.  I like that the brush is retractable and the item is a convenient size.  It does seem to function adequately.  The felt/chamois end is a little small and I wonder how well it will wear over time.  I do agree with another poster that the packaging was very excessive for such a small item.    This is a worthwhile product to have in your camera bag for quick cleaning jobs of your equipment.
B001CTUI8M|5.0|Wow what a difference! If you are reading this then you are probably already a fan of Within Temptation, so I'm simply going to tell you that this Blu-Ray is a must have!!! I actually already have the DVD/CD combo and recently got a PS3 so my first purchase was this. The difference in sound quality and visuals between the DVD and Blu-Ray is night and day. This is a MUST BUY!
B003NHRIVQ|3.0|This movie Is another Nicholas Sparks story with the usual drama. This time it's Miley Cyrus playing the lead, in this case a young woman visiting her father for the summer, a man with whom she has a strained relationship. There, she `surprise!' meets a really hunky guy with whom she becomes involved. Forgive me if you've heard this story before. Drama ensues when she has rocky times with the new guy, and her father falls ill. The film is saved from mediocrity with solid work from Greg Kinnear as the girl's dad, and her younger brother, who is the funniest and most engaging character in the film. There were some tears being shed by the women In the audience near the end of the film, so something must have been done right.
B000244FDW|1.0|I couldn't even get through this one.  I have the 1995 BBC and the 2007 big screen and enjoyed both for their differences, but this one was unbearable.  Save your money and get the '95 production. You won't regret it.
B00062PN6I|4.0|Sound Quality:  High range: 7.5 of 10  Middle range: 6.5 of 10  Low range: 8 of 10    These headphones make a really good gift and have a very satisfactory sound quality for the price.  I have been shopping around for decent higher end headphones and found that if  you want to get better sound quality than these, you'd have to go into the $200+ price range.  In comparison: I got these for appr $12 plus shipping fees. A very good price for what you get!    The bass is very nice, but doesn't have quite the perfect bass sound. It's missing a little bit of that rich fullness.  The middle range is easily very loud. When you listen to music that focuses on the middle range it hurts almost and gets messy when you turn up the volume a bit higher while the bass and high range aren't too loud yet. As far as the high range is concerned: It gives a very nice sound, but could be a little bit clearer and more at the front, if you know what I mean.    Overall: It is a balanced, enjoyable sound you hear and you can tweak the sound levels a little bit with your equalizer. I like the \\"over ear\\" size which has a nice feel to it. After a few hours you could feel a little pressure on your head just above your ears, but very tolerable.     I would recommend these headphones anytime to anyone who enjoys listening to music in better quality than lots of the entry level headphones give, but don't want to spend a whole lot of money!    NikoH.
B00127RAJY|4.0|This is a good 20 minutes work out. The ability to do each level is depends on your physical fitness. Try to keep up and do as many reps as they do and you'll be sweating your butt off.
B001ECQ6E2|4.0|Nice movie. Nice video quality. Don't expect awesome HD audio though. This movie is more talk and less action. Like Ben Hur, 10 Commandments, etc.
B001E45XT4|5.0|Well, this headset is just amazing for this price, is really Comfortable and the sound quality is great.  Firts when I bought this tought that it wasn't going to be this good, but It is!    The quality of the mic is really nice.  I love it, I can use it for hours and hours without problems.    The best cheap headset ever.    5/5
B0040JHXTI|5.0|If you're a Bruce fan, this is a no-brainer.  The 2-CD set Promise has good vintage Bruce songs, although as some have noted you can tell that there are scattered overdubs and re-recordings by the elder Bruce (I really dig the song Save My Love, but can tell it's sung by the elder Bruce). The notebook packaging is a fascinating look at Bruce's notes from Darkness recording sessions.  For me the best parts of the box set were the old vintage videos of E Street band rehearsals, and the magnificent 3-hour concert from Houston '78.  I didn't have the privilege to have attended those late 70's concerts, and now I get to visit a snippet of that era in my living room.
B0041KKYEM|5.0|There is something about Israeli born Natalie Portman (Hebrew name Hershlag) that bears watching no matter what movie she's in.  The lithe actress with the million-watt smile is at once beautiful and immensely talented and has a habit of stealing any scene she shows up in.  Indeed, her screen time in Cold Mountain (2003) was rather limited, but her appearance half-way through the Civil War drama is principally why I enjoyed the movie as much as I did.  And when she takes the lead as she did in Goya's Ghost (2006) and V for Vendetta (2006), the piece is made much more enjoyable because she's starring.<br /><br />Her latest movie \\"Black Swan\\" (2010) in which she appears alongside relative newcomer, Ukrainian born Mila Kunis (Max Payne, The Book Of Eli, Date Night), and veteran screen-actress Barbara Hershey (Hannah and Her Sisters, Falling Down, The Entity) is no exception; she steals the movie and in-so-doing has generated considerable Oscar buzz.<br /><br />The Story<br /><br />Directed by Darren Aronofsky (Requiem for a Dream, The Fountain, The Wrestler), \\"Black Swan\\" opens on Nina Sayers the lovely Ms. Portman (Garden State, Star Wars I, Vendetta, The Other Boleyn Girl) as a ballerina in a big city dance company.  The company's artistic director Thomas Leroy portrayed by Vincent Cassel (Irreversible, Oceans Twelve, Eastern Promises) is struggling to take the troupe in a new direction and decides to put on a new interpretation of Swan Lake in which he casts Nina who lives with her mother Erica (Barbara Hersey) , in the lead role.<br /><br />As rehearsals for the production get underway Leroy brings is a new ballerina, Lily (Mila Kunis) from San Francisco, to understudy for Nina.  He also starts pressuring her to inhabit the role of the Black Swan more fully, tapping into her more risqu&eacute; side.  But, Nina, who up to this point has had no experience with love, lust, sex, drugs or drinking, is finding it hard to tap into the Black Swans' dark persona, and her mind starts to crack and before long she is hallucinating and has a hard time telling the real from the imaginary.<br /><br />My Thoughts<br /><br />And so do we!  Have trouble discerning what's real from what is taking place inside Nina's head that is.  And that is the beauty of \\"Black Swan,\\" it keeps you guessing almost until the bitter end; is this really happening to Nina or is she taking us for a jaunt through her troubled, tortured mind?<br /><br />The trouble for Nina is that she has been sheltered and smothered by her mother (an ex-ballerina) her whole life.  Even now in her mid-twenties, Nina's bedroom is painted pink with girlie curtains on the windows, and is filled with stuffed animals. And her mother plays a ballerina music box for her every night as she tucks her into bed.  These are the trappings of a virginal young girl not an enterprising and vibrant young adult; is it any wonder Nina's mind can't quite handle the very experienced Black Swan; that she so closely associates with the White Swan?<br /><br />And Natalie Portman pulls off the dual personas well.  Portman's roles of late, starting with Closer, have been flirtatious, titillating, and clearly adult in nature.  Black Swan with its mature sexual themes continues this decidedly enjoyable trend.<br /><br />Portions of the movie were shot with handheld cameras with extreme close-ups and the oft jittery motion that accompanies this type of movie making.  The results for the light of stomach can be jarring, so be forewarned.  But I liked the close-ups of Ms. Portman's almost chiseled, but emotionally transparent face.  The actress need not say a word, but you can tell what she's feeling just by reading her striking face.<br /><br />For all of the hype (movie trailers), Mina Kunis' Lily saw relatively limited screen time, but when she was on-screen Kunis did a god jobs a Lily's would be foil and part-time lover, but was she really?  Again the beauty of Black Swan is we don't really know if Lily was or wasn't who she was made out to be.<br /><br />Even better, Black Swan is original, no doubt you've never seem a movie like it before; it is engrossing, exciting, titillating, scary, and never quite allows you to catch your breath.  Even the simplest movement like Nina up on her toes left me wondering: \\"will she break her toe, will she fall and break her ankle, and if she does will it be real or in her mind.\\"  That sort of angst throughout the movie moves it along and before long it's over, but you (I) don't want it to be! Please give me more Portman to watch!<br /><br />Though Portman is the center of \\"Black Swan,\\" everyone else in the movie turns in strong performances including Winona Ryder (remember when she was the Hollywood \\"it\\" girl of the moment?) as the fading ballerina Nina replaces, Beth Macintyre.  And Aronofsky as he is wont to do finds something new to say about something old.  Portman turns in another outstanding performance, indeed the best I've seen since Goya's Ghost, and I have to say I love this movie enough to high recommend it.lack Swan is original, no doubt you've never seem a movie like it before; it is engrossing, exciting, titillating, scary, and never quite allows you to catch your breath.  Even the simplest movement like Nina up on her toes left me wondering: \\"will she break her toe, will she fall and break her ankle, and if she does will it be real or in her mind.\\"  That sort of angst throughout the movie moves it along and before long it's over, but you (I) don't want it to be! Please give me more Portman to watch!        Though Portman is the center of \\"Black Swan,\\" everyone else in the movie turns in strong performances including Winona Ryder (remember when she was the Hollywood \\"it\\" girl of the moment?) as the fading ballerina Nina replaces, Beth Macintyre.  And Aronofsky as he is wont to do finds something new to say about something old.  Portman turns in another outstanding performance, indeed the best I've seen since Goya's Ghost, and I have to say I love this movie enough to high recommend it.
B0013K6WLM|1.0|First cut on the sample sounds turned me off big time, sounds like a cheapie hand-held recorder for taking class notes.  Ugh.  To me, this means nobody involved in the production actually listened to the final cut before putting it on a CD.
B0038YWPZS|5.0|I bought this Keepsake Edition of Dirty Dancing for my daughter, who's a massive fan.  It didn't disappoint.  Packaging is excellent and the book that's included is a real gem. Amongst the extras is a Patrick Swayze tribute. If you love Dirty Dancing, you cannot go wrong with this edition.
B0041KKYEM|5.0|It has been a very long time since I was this impressed with a movie. We witness the tensile strain between light and dark, a visceral study of polarity, reality, catharsis and obsession. Aronofsky has long been a favorite of mine, and i see many parallels between Black Swan and his first film [[ASIN:078401213X Pi]], another story of genius gone mad in the search for perfection, the decomposition of brilliance into disorder. I think the combination of Aronofsky's sense of fantastic drama and Portman's dedication to and mastery of her craft is a perfect match, which can not fail to impress even the most cynical modern movie-goer. Portman's roles in her career have been quite varied, and have not always been especially impressive, but when she shines, she REALLY shines.  I feel this is easily her best thus far; her expressions had the poignant realism of true desperation and confusion.  Supporting cast are mostly proficient, with Vincent Cassel and the lovely Mila Kunis turning in great performances.  Special effects are used more sparingly than the trailer would lead you to believe, but this really enhances their potency.  Make no mistake, now; this is not a film about ballet.  It seems many have misguidedly approached Black Swan expecting a Red Shoes remake.  And it's not necessarily horror, thriller, or other such pigeon-hole, either.  Black Swan is an uncommon film - dark, chaotic and tactile cinema that will stick in your mind for a long time after.  Believe the hype.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|This isn't really a review....more of a question and a brief memory.<br /><br />In late May, 1977 the word of mouth regarding a new sci fi film about to open at the Ziegeld Theatre in New York City ran rampant.....so much so that I stood in line for the second screening that day....the first that day was too early for my late night habits, and the line for the second certainly proved that word of mouth works.<br /><br />Entering the theatre I saw many people leaving whom I recognized from the Broadway theatre world, and they were all, to a person, slack jawed and amazed.  Some were even staying for the next screening (this was the beginning of one viewing only).<br /><br />The Ziegfeld is(was?) a beautiful massive red curtained box built for massive audiences watching a huge screen.  The rest is history.  The movie started and as the crawl of information began, the audience howled in recognition of the old serials from the 40's and 50's.  And THEN, THE RUMBLE BEGAN, THE LITTLE SPACE SHIP ZIPPED ACROSS THE SCREEN AND FOR WHAT SEEMED LIKE AN ETERNITY, THE GIANT UNDERBELLY OF THE PURSUING SHIP BEGAN TO FILL THE SCREEN, THEARE SPEAKERS ALMOST EXPLODING, AND THE SHIP SAILED ON, AND ON AND ON.....HOW BIG WAS THIS????  With one voice, the entire audience began to cheer, clap, stamp their feet, and, for me, a new beginning of sci fi films began.<br /><br />Now, 34 years later, we are seeing yet another version of the films, now counting 6, being sold to fans.  My biggest question is:  are the ORIGINAL CHAPTERS III, IV AND V, the un-revised versions, going to be in anamorphic wide screen for large screens, or, as they were coupled with the revised versions a few years ago, letterboxed but not enlarged?  That's my basic question.<br /><br />At the moment, I am perfectly happy with the DVDs I've collected over the various incarnations of STAR WARS.  Now I'm guessing, if the trend continues, the entire saga will be manipulated into 3D eventually and more changes will occur.  The original three rest in my memory untouched and protected.  The opening day of episodes IV and V will never repeat the overall excitement of late May, 1977 (was it the 22nd?)where a, then, younger man stood waiting for a look at the future.  Well, the future is NOW, and it ain't that bad at all.<br /><br />MTFBWY.....untouched and protected.  The opening day of episodes IV and V will never repeat the overall excitement of late May, 1977 (was it the 22nd?)where a, then, younger man stood waiting for a look at the future.  Well, the future is NOW, and it ain't that bad at all.    MTFBWY.....
0525948023|3.0|Tolle writes on page 55 that Sartre was the first to point out the errors in Descartes' 'cogito ergo sum,' but Nietzsche definitely did much earlier in BG&E...so...yeah.<br /><br />Also, Tolle's position (or dearth of one) on vegetarianism is weak.<br /><br />Other than that, good points on \\"awakening\\" in the awareness of oneself as, well, the awareness of being an aware entity (so on and so forth).<br /><br />Very good as a primer, but not as much more.
030746363X|4.0|It's got a decent amount of useful info, but it seems a bit more slapped together than his first book.  The organization and content don't add up to a rounded whole.  Too much of what he's passing on is based on VERY small test groups, sometimes a test group of one: himself.  That said, there is some very interesting and useful information in it, but it isn't a must-read, like 4HWW.  I'm sure some of my mediocre response is due to high expectations.  The book's at least okay - certainly not worth a lowly 1 rating.
159562015X|5.0|Strength Finder helps a person focus on their strengths not their weaknesses.  With weaknesses at best one can bring a weakness up to neutral.  Focusing on one's strengths can help a person soar.  This is a great tool to begin the discovery of one's strengths.  I would recommend it to everyone who wants more than just surviving in life.
B00005214X|5.0|This is everything a classic rock masterpiece should be: accessible, listenable, varied, uplifting, deep, and resonating.  It also has an enigmatic quality to it.<br /><br />Checking back 40 years later...is it still resonating?  Stronger than ever.<br /><br />I'll admit I've been more in the Stones camp than the Beatles camp...but when I reach for something from the Beatles catalog, I always turn to this.  It's amazing how George shines on this record.  It definitely rewards repeated listenings...and beats any McCartney/Wings record, and IMHO anything Lennon ever put out.<br /><br />The Beatles have the unfortunate inability to evade the crosshairs of \\"cliche.\\"  While that may add to their popularity and wider appeal, it can also make them feel and appear as worn out and \\"oh yeah, that tune again.\\"  Harrison's solo work - notably this recording - evades all that.  'All Things Must Pass' is fresh and revitalizing because it's NOT The Beatles...it's George stretching his wings and showing the world, finally (because he was finally fu**ing allowed by demi-gods Paul & John) what he's capable of...which is a hell of a lot more than the two previously-mentioned two.<br /><br />God do we miss him...hopefully he's blowing the minds of the immortals in the upstairs music hall, along with Lennon, Cash, Sun Ra, Zappa, and the many other greats!
1565847032|5.0|HEALTH WARNING: READING THIS BOOK WILL CHALLENGE AND CHANGE THE WAY YOU UNDERSTAND THE WORLD AND YOUR POSITION IN IT.<br /><br />Understanding Power has the usual Chomsky hallmarks of massively sourced research to back an alternative comprehension and argument to the given truth and statement of establishment wisdom.<br /><br />Using a question and answer format over 10 chapters the book demystifies to use an old sociological term a wide range of topics including the role of the state, the nature of the capitalist economy, USA foreign relations and the organisation of the alienated individual who make up the vast majority of the books audience.<br /><br />Reading this book it is unsurprising that Chomsky remains the worlds foremost living intellectual in terms of peer recognition and as a student resource. His book explaining the significance of 9/11 reached no.3 on the New York Times best seller list despite lack of reviews by the popular press.<br /><br />The roots of Chomsky's understanding and scholarship is evident in this work. Yet given the range of materials the book remains accessible and rewards repeat reading. As stated on the back cover not to read Chomsky is to deliberately court ignorance. Help others to see the light - pass it on when you've finished.
B0046MOVD0|2.0|This movie pretty much sucked like the rest of them...  I love how they've taken a great survival horror game and made corny glammy action chick movies out of it (sarcastically speaking of course)...  One thing that cracks me up is that it's a zombie apocalypse but everybody is well groomed and clean and all the girls have great perfectly brushed hair and make up looking all pretty and stuff... The resident evil movies could've been good but they ended up pretty much being a joke...
0553381687|5.0|I had a bit of money left on a couple holiday gift cards, and after getting through A la Recherche du Temps Perdu (for real this time, not the skimming I did at Uni), I was ready for some throwaway pulp so purchased A Game of Thrones and the other books in the series.  I had fully expected this novel to deliver the sort of escapism I wanted, but what I wasn't suspecting was its thematic strengths and complexity. There's a lot more at work here than a hackneyed fantasy world epic.  Martin offers a striking visual landscape, character development and excellent multi-plot twining that keeps you flipping the pages.  My only negative criticism is the dialogue is, at times, over-wrought and instructive (likely to ensure the reader is \\"on-track\\" in the story).
B00006JIA4|4.0|The shipment was really fast and the product was really good but the only thing that I can point was that the box letters had some problem whit the printing and black ink around them, like there was too much ink and had to spread over the paper....but not a big problem and yet a great product.
1439177783|4.0|At first I was skeptical about reading this. Another \\"Wasted\\" wannabe. A celebrity just trying to make more money and expand her fanbase.  But after reading the first few pages, I could not put it down. Portia wasn't writing exaggerations of childhood trauma, she wrote this from the heart and from a clear scarred memory of her past that still haunts her. Even if you've never had an ED, there are parts of this book anyone could relate to. Seriously, read it.          (The reviewer was compensated for posting this review. However, the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone. Further, the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor, Amazon or the review requester.)
B004498KPU|5.0|Happy! Surprise! is what I felt when I finally, finally decided to open and watch MJ's Vision.  I think this set is very nicely done and though it may not be comprehensive enough for some, it proves more than satisfactory.  I'd say that if you can't own anything else, but you've got this, then you're good because it provides you with the many facets of Michael Jackson.  I love that they threw in the bonus CD and we get to see pumped up, excited Mike in Blame It On The Boogie and the Enjoy Yourself piece is both classic and priceless!  Such a good job was done in putting this together.  I'm impressed with what all you get for the price.  How good of them to include She's Out Of My Life.  I like how MJ is just sitting on a stool, no bells and whistles, dressed in everyday clothing, singing that song so beautifully and what appears effortlessly, yet you see and feel his emotion.  That, too, is priceless.<br /><br />Many of my favorite short films are the ones that every MJ fan adores, so I'll skip those, and tell you about one of my favorites that I don't consider a short.  That woud be the Blood On The Dance Floor video.  I think of this one as a true music video.  What I really like about this one is that it almost seems as if Michael is at a real club, and though he is telling a story with his song, he's rocking a french braid and eyelashes and managing to look androngynous and sexy masculine all at the same time, while working it out on the floor with Suzie in a very un-choreographed way. This video has been extended and I like that I get to see Mike dancing in this natural form.<br />I want to add, that it also seems that the song was remixed; it didn't need that but like I said it extends the length of the video and therefore, Michael's dancing with a partner is also extended.<br /><br />I won't go on and on, but you will if you get this.  The 3 discs provide tons of entertainment and I will be watching over and over again.  Of course, it's a great gift for any MJ fan, that really goes without saying, but the packaging is attractive and these discs are well worth more than $29.99.  And, yes, there will be more MJ stuff available in time, but this is what is happening right now.  Oh, and this far out matches Michael Jackson Number Ones.lly goes without saying, but the packaging is attractive and these discs are well worth more than $29.99.  And, yes, there will be more MJ stuff available in time, but this is what is happening right now.  Oh, and this far out matches Michael Jackson Number Ones.
B0042TV4IC|5.0|I love British dramas and this is one of the best. I wasn't entirely hooked the first few episodes, except for the beautiful cinematography. But by the fourth episode I was gone... Can't wait to continue discovering the citizens of Lark Rise and Candleford!
B00004WKII|5.0|Lately Ive been checking my Jimis discography and this one is worth to get it. Almost all the material included is previously unreleased and rares tunes like \\"If 6 was 9\\",\\"Earth blues\\", \\"Astro man\\", \\"Ezy rider\\", \\"Slow Blues\\" are fantastic. The \\"Jimi Hendrix: Blues\\" CD edition is complementary and it not included in this 4 Cd luxury box.  The sound quality is really great,the mastering work was made with care, and If you enjoy the HiFi stereo sound,.. its enough for you. The book include photographs that Id never seen up to.  Furthemore its getting be a hard to find CD edition and maybe that its out of print in the next times.  Absolutely I recommend it, particularly for serious Jimis collectors.  Miguel, from Chile
B0016BWACI|4.0|I do not remember seeing the DVD release of this movie; VHS, yes, but not DVD.  This is a review of the Blu-Ray version.<br /><br />The Blu-Ray transfer is beautiful.  Textures and fine details are amazing and a feast for the eyes, though one might think glaringly so since whatever flaws there are do become more apparent (the skin of the Gelfling has an almost felt-like appearance).  There are a couple of \\"defects\\" but it is obvious they are from the original print (special effects were not as advanced as they are today).  Nonetheless, Henson created a very rich environment for his characters and that environment comes-out in spectacular detail.<br /><br />The sound, sadly, is marginally improved.  It still has the compressed quality (particularly noticeable over the End Credits) of the original Dolby Stereo.  It doesn't mean they did nothing.  The voices, particularly of the Urskeks at the end, for example, are much clearer and improved.  I did not find myself straining to figure-out what the characters were saying like I had to in the video.<br /><br />If you are interested in the movie and story, you will not be disappointed.  If you are a fan of Special Features, you will be.  There are 2 or 3 (can't remember) documentaries/featurettes missing from this release that were included in the DVD version(s): Reflections of the Dark Crystal and, at least, one other.  This is a Blu-Ray disc with 25 GB of space.  Even with the HD transfer, there would have been enough room to include those behind-the-scenes features.  Plus, the deleted scene is missing, also.<br /><br />Despite the flaws (some may say nit-picking) and short-comings, this is an excellent movie and deserving of your time and money.
0060899220|5.0|Kitchen Confidential is more than just an uncouth account of Bourdain's adventures in sin.  Sure, it has plenty of sex, drugs, and rock and roll, but if it was just about the horrors unleashed on restaurant patrons in poorly managed kitchens around the world, then it would be nothing more than the literary equivalent of the movie <u>Waiting...</u>  No, Kitchen Confidential is more than that.  It's a book about how a boy begrudgingly becomes a man while working in Neverland.  He becomes a cook to live a life of fun and games, but somewhere in between all the sex and the drugs, he develops a into a man with ambition and a fearsome work ethic.    One of the most impressive things about the book is how Bourdain manages to maintain the pace of the narrative and still find the time to insert little nuggets of wisdom about food.  What days are best for eating fish in restaurants?  How can you easily improve your home cooking?  What happens when you order your steak well done?  All these questions and more are answered in <u>Kitchen Confidential</u> without interrupting the storyline.  Really, if you eat food, then I'd recommended this book to you.    However, be warned that Bourdain uses lots of French cooking jargon without giving definitions.  Since I don't speak a word of French, and know even less about cooking, when I first started the book I had to keep a dictionary and google translate handy at all times.  Then somewhere along the way i went from googling the meaning of words like \\"roux,\\" and \\"consomme,\\" to actually attempting to cook them.  If you're like me, I guarantee that after the first few chapters your resentment of looking up French cooking terms will fade, as you are seduced by what the French would call Bourdain's \\"je ne sais qua.\\"
B000TGJ7ZY|3.0|I will restrict myself to reviewing this as a Blu-Ray release and not the movie and its content.  Many have already commented on the story-line, so I will not belabor the point.<br /><br />Visually...WOW!  This movie will not disappoint on those grounds.  Very rich textures and colors.  One could say, stunning.<br /><br />The sound is not so stunning.  It is muddled in quite a few parts making the dialogue almost incomprehensable.  Even with my center channel set high, it didn't help.<br /><br />There was one problem...well, two.  The movie froze in 2 spots for about 20 to 30 seconds.  I checked the disc and there were no visible defects.  When I replayed the passages, they played through just fine.  So, I am thinking it was my player.  This freezing only happened once before on another Blu-Ray and like above, when I replayed the passage, it played fine.<br /><br />If you liked this version of the Dracula tale, at Amazon's current price, it is well worth it.
B000AA4JMU|5.0|It's a classic movie about a young orphan boy who finds his way to the big city and is befriended by a bunch of pick pockets. He gets in the middle of an event that brings a turning point for the misfits. The singing, dancing, and costumes are wonderful. My young kids even play the soundtrack and dance around the house, or we snuggle up with a bowl of popcorn and enjoy the movie.
B003O7I6SY|3.0|This is a review of the Blu-Ray version of the above movie, not of the movie itself.  Anybody who is a Bond fan knows the movie, so I won't bore you or waste my time with a re-hash of the plot.  I will say (write) that it was Connery's dis-satisfaction with the original \\"Thunderball\\" that prompted him to do this version.    Basically, the Blu-Ray is a waste of money.  The video quality is only a little better than the DVD.  In fact, if you have an upscaling DVD player, you probably will not see much of a, if any, difference.  One positive is that the missing scene that some refer to in other posts is present.  Although, it was present in my DVD copy also.  So,...    The sound is fine, but like the video, it was fine in the DVD version as well.  Besides language, you do have a choice between DTS 5.1 or the original 4 channel surround.  I used the 5.1 (its default) so I cannot comment on the original soundtack.    Finally, what is nice is that this packaging provides a person with 2 discs: 1 Blu-Ray and 1 DVD.  So, one for you and one for a friend.
B004D7GU3M|5.0|I got this album mostly through his weekly \\"G.O.O.D. Friday\\" releases and while some of those did not make the album, this is still an amazing record. When I got the vinyl I was impressed with the detail in the art work, both in presentation and style. It is a gorgeous album to own and sounds so spectacular. A definitive five star album AND vinyl.
B0044E9LW6|4.0|I have seen RJD perform 4x live and he was excellent.  These two live dvd's are REALLY live and you can tell that he was into the shows as was the rest of the band and the crowd.   The setlists are very very good and RJD and the band sound awesome.  These are real live shows and you can tell - its what a live recording should be.  Two thumbs up.
B004FP1WX0|4.0|I really liked this movie. It accurately portrayed both sides of the story in an very interesting way and it really keeps the viewer guessing. Also this movie really feels really genuine so I disagree with the reports that this is just acting, this definitely is a documentary, just an interesting one. But does it makes me question what Nev did after the film.     However I do agree that the trailer was extremely misleading. While there is an amount of suspense, it's nothing like an alfred hitchcock film and shouldn't be compared to his films at all. This is just a story of a person falling in love with the ideal and then finding out that this love is all just a made up story.     Definitely worth a quick rent for some deep thought on the digital age and how good some people are at lying.
B00275EHJG|4.0|The Toy Story films have become commercial and critical successes thanks in no small part to their endlessly inventive storytelling, memorable characters, visual and verbal humor, eye popping visuals and attention to the smallest of details.  But at the heart of each of them, including this stellar third installment, is a very real, very relatable human element--the need to be loved and the fear and heartache of beiing forgotten by those who mean the most to us.  How better to explore this complex emotion than with children's playthings?  Toy Story 3 tackles this issue even more directly and with less sugar coating than the first two films making it perhaps the darkest and most frightening entry into the series to date.  Yet the Pixar creative team have filled the movie with so much humor, heart and care and handle the sensitive issues of growing up, moving on and letting go with so much grace and understanding that the tears that will no doubt well up during the closing moments will likely be as full of happiness as with sorrow.<br /><br />Eleven years have passed since we last saw Woody, Buzz and the gang and during that time Andy has grown up.  He is now 17 and preparing to go to college.  His once beloved toys have been relegated to a toy chest where they still hang on to the hope that he will once again play with them as he did when he was younger.  Alas, this is not to be.  Andy has outgrown his toys (although it is clear that they are still very important to him) and he must decide whether he will donate them, throw them away or store them in the attic.  None of these options is particularly appealing to Woody and the others and after a misunderstanding that almosts lands them in the garbage, they end up at a day care center run by a folksy plush bear named Lotso (Ned Beatty) who convinces them that they are in the best place possible.  Children will play with them everyday and when they grow up new children will come in.  No attachments means no heartache.  It seems too good to be true, and it is.  Lotso has ulterior motives which stem from his own abandonment issues.<br /><br />What follows is an inventive, funny and somewhat dark prison break sequence that has drawn comparisons to \\"The Great Escape\\" as the toys must outwit Lotso and his gang of malcontents.  It all leads to a very intense finale involving an incinerator that ranks with the scariest and darkest moments in the history of Disney animation.  What's remarkable about the sequence is the courage and grace with which our heroes confront their most dire of circumstances to date.  Let's face it:  Toy Story 3 is not kids stuff.  But it's not a complete downer either.  It is full of fun new characters and inspired gags (there is one sequence involving Mr. Potato Head and a tortilla that almost caused me to pass out from laughter) and plenty of nostalgia for older viewers who will no doubt love seeing some of the toys that make apperances.<br /><br />Toy Story 3's final, moving coda brings the film, and the series, to a conclusion that manages to be both heartbreaking and optimistic at the same time.  It also speaks volumes about growing up, letting go and the need to have others help us through these passages with an economy of dialogue and a surprising lack of gooey emotional displays.  If only more live action films could get this right.  Much in the same way that our toys have always been there for us no matter what life had to offer, Woody, Buzz and all of the Toy Story characters have helped us understand how to face those challenges.  That is the magic of Toy Story.  What more could you ask for?ms too good to be true, and it is.  Lotso has ulterior motives which stem from his own abandonment issues.      What follows is an inventive, funny and somewhat dark prison break sequence that has drawn comparisons to \\"The Great Escape\\" as the toys must outwit Lotso and his gang of malcontents.  It all leads to a very intense finale involving an incinerator that ranks with the scariest and darkest moments in the history of Disney animation.  What's remarkable about the sequence is the courage and grace with which our heroes confront their most dire of circumstances to date.  Let's face it:  Toy Story 3 is not kids stuff.  But it's not a complete downer either.  It is full of fun new characters and inspired gags (there is one sequence involving Mr. Potato Head and a tortilla that almost caused me to pass out from laughter) and plenty of nostalgia for older viewers who will no doubt love seeing some of the toys that make apperances.      Toy Story 3's final, moving coda brings the film, and the series, to a conclusion that manages to be both heartbreaking and optimistic at the same time.  It also speaks volumes about growing up, letting go and the need to have others help us through these passages with an economy of dialogue and a surprising lack of gooey emotional displays.  If only more live action films could get this right.  Much in the same way that our toys have always been there for us no matter what life had to offer, Woody, Buzz and all of the Toy Story characters have helped us understand how to face those challenges.  That is the magic of Toy Story.  What more could you ask for?
B00402FGE4|5.0|Bought this for our son for Christmas. He loved being able to watch all the shows in order and on his time schedule. I would recommend this to anyone that's a Stargate Universe fan.
0553805371|5.0|At 73 yrs. old, I'm amazed and frightened how naive and uninformed society is regarding the  fascinating new discoveries of our universe.  Millions still cling to antiquated religous beliefs originated thousands of years ago, while they enjoy the technological discoveries of today, incomprehensible!  I recommend The Grand Design as required reading for all evolved minds, especially for the younger generation who should have a chance to escape from the damaging doctrine of the church.  The US may be a first world economically, but mentally, we  resemble many third worlds. Evidence of this are popular TV shows, Jerry Springer, Jersey Shores, MSMBC, my brain hurts just thinking about it.
1932100385|5.0|If nutrition and health are important to you, read this book.  The evidence is convincing that a plant-based diet well help drastically improve our health as a population by reducing cardiovascular disease, cancer, and other diseases.  This book is a fantastic and compelling piece of work.  This is the healthcare reform that our country needs.  Hopefully, more health plans start to reimburse physicians who use such dietary programs with their patients, and more physicians start educating patients on the benefits of a plant-based diet.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|My son received this movie for Christmas and he loved it.  I think it shows that people that think they are not missing something in their life, could be wrong about that.  I don't want to give the movie away but it teaches how kids can change a life in just a matter of time.
B0040JHNZ2|5.0|this is really a great read.  Follet has done much research in preparing to write this epic.  I can't wait for the next book in the trilogy.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|Ive watched band of brothers saving private ryan and now this and they have to be the greatest most powerful films i have evee seen, i think i liked band of brothers better but the pacific is still worth watching 100% its worth every penny!
0385738757|4.0|This book blew me away. Every chapter there was something new and exciting to learn, another clue, another obstacle, another risk. Thomas and his companions are gives the task to walk 100 miles north to a safe haven but they must walk through a land that has a brutal environment with not only freakish storms but also cranks--people who are infected with a disease that turns them insane.    The story didn't really pick up for me until they actually started their mission and every step they took in their journey I was afraid for them. I was waiting for something awful to happen but what did happen totally surprised me. I really sympathized with Thomas in this book. I felt his anger and betrayal. I was also equally frustrated with him as he tried to figure out what these trials meant. We get a few flashbacks of Thomas before he entered the maze and they do a wonderful job of adding clues and suspense. It made me so eager to figure out what's going on, but by the end of the story I'm still left wondering. I really wish I had the next book in my hands.
030746363X|5.0|Ferris does it again. Distilling to the core, testing itbon himself and then making the steps easy to digest. This is the cliffnotes of physical achievement.
B000031EGV|1.0|The DVD itself is of course fine because its a great movie. HOWEVER, the information that AMAZON gives you for the purchase is misleading.  The words \\"Collector's\\" and especially the word \\"series\\" suggest one or more of something - that's what series means.  HOWEVER, what I got was 2 of the very same DVD.      THIS IS FALSE AND/OR MISLEADING ADVERTISING AMAZON - SHAME ON YOU.  I certainly did not want nor do I need 2 DVDs of the very same movie.  And I certainly wasn't expecting that I was paying for 2 of the very same DVD's.    So again, shame on you AMAZON.
B00003CXPD|4.0|The family struggle and discovery of dance are excellent story lines, but the overall story lacked movement for me.  I didn't fully understand the mining storyline.
0143115014|4.0|This is an encyclopedia of perfumes, but it's fun to read.  I have a small collection of perfumes and can vouch for the accuracy of the reviews.  Fun to browse through and find all the stuff you've been using all along!
0316098337|5.0|I bought this book as i had to go out of town, take transportations and wait a lot...  I finished all in one day of travelling, it is great, different, audacious and gracious as well.
0061122416|5.0|This was one of the best books I've ever read!!!   For anyone on a spiritual path, this book will enlighten, uplift, and encourage you. Namaste.
B00192IV9U|5.0|I love this cd so much that I bought 4 extra's and gave the out as Christmas gifts.  This musis is timeless and inspiring, expecially when you have artists now singing about and glorifying booty shaking, drinking, partying at the club, and getting MONEY.  This cd is a blessing to our souls. Listn to his lyrics.  He even includes warnings about idolizing Hollywood.  And he, above all others, should know the evils of idol worship.     And while I don't like Sony or anyone else who used Michael, this is MJ's legacy.  He said he wanted his music to live forever, and through these releases, it will.    We need to make this cd #1 so that we can tell the music industry we want better music to buy.  Beyonce, Jay-Z, Rihanna,and the rest of the sex and money-crazed artists who have sold their souls to the devil/illuminati will eventually fall by the wasteside, but MJ's great legacy will live forever.
0525423273|4.0|My Summary: Sent away to a Parisian boarding school for the year might sound amazing to some teens, but for Anna, it most definitely is not. Leaving her best friend behind, as well as an almost-boyfriend, Anna's stuck on a whole other continent with no one she knows. But when she meets a group friends, she slips into their clique easily. But out of them all, it's Etienne St. Clair that she bonds with the most. The totally hot, hilarious Etienne St. Clair...who happens to have a girlfriend. As time passes, Anna's life grows more hectic, her friendships more troubled and she can't deny the truth of her relationships any longer...A fun, flirty and unforgettable debut, Anna and the  French Kiss is wonderful from start to finish.<br /><br />Review: Narrated by the ever-amusing Anna, Anna and the French Kiss does not cease to entertain and inspire. Perkins manages to write fully dimensional characters, not just with her protagonist Anna but with them all. Even with the City of Lights, Perkins paints a picture with her words that almost makes you feel as if you're standing right with Anna in the middle of Paris (oh, how I wish I could go to Paris now...darn you, Stephanie Perkins!).<br /><br />Filled with a sweet romance that isn't overdone or dramatized, Anna and the French Kiss is truly fabulous. I know some people who immediately set this one aside just for the unusual name, but if you do that you are missing out. This book has substance, it has realism to the characters and the relationships. For contemporary lovers, its an easy book to jump in and relate with because life isn't perfect for Anna. There are ups and downs, and Anna is such a wonderful protagonist to follow through the story.<br /><br />So it all boils down to this: Do you enjoy contemporary novels? What about a bit of realistic romance? Paris? Witty and hilarious main characters? Really cute boy BFF's? If you answered \\"YES!\\" to any of those, then Anna and the French Kiss is perfect for you.<br /><br />Highlights: Perkins has the right amount of of amusement in her writing, but she can pull off the serious moments just as easily. While there are some more serious moments, this is a fairly light story (emotionally, I mean), so it will definitely be a fun read for anyone who loves YA, boys, France, accents, and so much more.<br /><br />Lowlights: Hmm, I did want to shake some sense into a few certain characters at times, but it's not that big of a deal.<br /><br />RATING: 4.5 out of 5amount of of amusement in her writing, but she can pull off the serious moments just as easily. While there are some more serious moments, this is a fairly light story (emotionally, I mean), so it will definitely be a fun read for anyone who loves YA, boys, France, accents, and so much more.    Lowlights: Hmm, I did want to shake some sense into a few certain characters at times, but it's not that big of a deal.    RATING: 4.5 out of 5
0767903862|5.0|I read this book before I visited australie and I must say that it lived up to the experience - spectacular. This book is highlights all the parts of theaustralian mindset that make it unique. If you don't enjoy reading this book then you don  't enjoy life.
0060936223|3.0|We too were, Just Kids; in a time that changed our culture and our lives. Patti's book is a bit too involved with -Patti and Robert and their friends- rather than their evolution in the changing culture that was the dawning of the age of expression.
0439023513|5.0|This book was great and so was the whole series. The bottom line is that it was well written, fast paced, and unpredictable. The ending is maybe not the what I had hoped for but it was not my story and sometimes that the way life works out. In conclusion, I have to say it was a fun ride.
B000HA4WT8|5.0|the ordering process was super easy and I didn't have to go all over looking for this somewhat old title. It came quickly and it couldn't have been easier.
B0021L8V0W|5.0|This movie was action all the way. I loved it. There was alot of surprises in this flick, usually you know what is going tohappen next, but this one kept you guessing. This is a thriller that will not let you down.
B001E45XT4|1.0|Headset Pops anytime some1 talks mic transmits only static after an Hour of use.  I have been using Plantronics headsets for years w/ never an issue but this one is just garbage.
B001FB5634|5.0|This movie is almost a straight transfer of the book. Thankfully the director didn't deviate too much. It's one of the best post-apocalypse movies. There's a sense of dread in every scene.    [DW]
B0045XICB2|2.0|I was smart to rent this in stead of buying. I keep hearing about how each movie is getting better than the next.  Not in my experience.  I'm sticking to reading the books on this series as the movies are a great waste of time. This one didn't hold my attention at all. I just rented it because I couldn't find anything else on tv to watch.  Needless to say that didn't help as I didn't even finish watching this one due to how boring it was.<br /><br />I highly recommend people rent these Twilight movies before buying (unless you can buy them for the price of a rental fee)
B003ZSJ212|5.0|\\"I've waited a long time for this moment,my...little...green...friend!!!!\\"  \\"Hmmmmm!!! Buy It you must!!! Hmmmmm!!! Yes!!!\\"  It's finally official!!!! This will complete anyone's Blu Ray collection!!! I expect this to be like the Alien Quadrilogy:2 versions of every film(Special Edition and the Original Theatrical version)with hours and hours and hours of special features!!!!! I mean come on the best movie franchise ever all together for the first time and it's on Blu Ray!!!!!This is a must buy for anyone and every star wars fan!!!!!!!!
B000Q6GUW0|4.0|A weird show about a controlled serial killer. Dexter is not realistic but it has relatively good acting and some suspense. I actually find it much less offensive than the usually serial killer movies, TV shows, and books.  The first season has a theme which moves in the opposite direction of the first season of Breaking Bad.  In Breaking Bad, Walt goes from being a normal law abiding guy to a manufacturing meth and killing. Dexter goes from a unfeeling killer to a killer (of only those who deserve to die) to someone who experiences at least some emotion.     Overall, I think the first season is interesting and worth watching.  I don't know that I will make it through the next four or five seasons.  Compared to the usually TV show, Dexter is much better than The Shield (totally unrealistic), any of the CSI shows, or Law and Order.  It isn't as good as the Sopranos or The Wire.  I recommend it but really wish Showtime or HBO would do another realistic crime series.
B000JMKQX0|5.0|One of the best books I read in 2010. I liked it so much that I stole it from my boyfriend, finished reading it then bought my own copy. The book outlasted the boyfriend. Seriously though, the writing is fantastic. The voice is very engaging and the oral history style choice is an inspired choice.
B002CPMB9O|5.0|This is a very well made movie. Denzel Washington is great. The violence is as expected. The story is almost true. All-in-all, well worth the purchase price.
030746363X|5.0|I just got my copy today and am excited/thrilled!<br />Tim is funny in some of his writing. I love how he puts his persona into the book!<br />P.S.<br />Can't wait to get my Kettlebell...:)<br />Thanks Tim
B0034JKZ86|5.0|Grand Daughter luvs this movie, she is into the princess thing and we basically own a Disney library.      Thank You Disney,      Wm Davis  Tallahassee, FL
B001IBIHQ4|4.0|It was purchased for my husband for Christmas.<br />He stated that it was ok, but not as good as the Band of Brothers.
B003NFM3JK|2.0|Haven't watched it. A gift for my wife.    Arrived quickly. Too new a DVD to buy used so had to pay too much for it.
B004B8DH98|3.0|We Americans are so used to a fast pace and a bow tied around a closed package at the end. It's not what you'll find here. I admire Clooney for taking chances; sometimes they achieve more than imagined, sometimes less than intended. This film, unhappily, falls into the latter category, even for this reviewer who has spent much time in both France and Italy and knows her way around European cinema. The entire film has an underlying tone of existential angst with a pinch of Antonioni and, though not sung, the lilting ennui of Demy's Umbrella's of Cherbourg, which worked brilliantly 50 years ago. The ambiance is retro but today just doesn't hit a resonant chord. Cloony is always easy on the eyes, and his love interest is pure whipped cream. The Abruzzo hill town is a feast for eyes. And the music is good. Whatever you might expect from the film, however, it's not what you'll get.
B002ZG980U|5.0|We love this movie! It arrived in time for Christmas and we have had no problems. Just a 1 disc dvd. We are as happy as can be!
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I have 2 favorite movies and they are both titled Pride and Prejudice! This and the BBC version. I recommend buying them both and watching this one first and then the BBC. You are swept in love by the newer film and then can appreciate all the extra moments that the BBC has to offer.
B002ZG981E|5.0|I first saw Inception when it first came out in the theaters and I immediately fell in love with it.  Christopher Nolan brings his dark, sophisticated style and atmosphere to this film and nails it.  This is great for the drama and/or action fans.  Inception definitely keeps you thinking and keeps you on the edge of your seat.  But just to give a fair critical review, the movie can seem to drag on during some scenes/parts and does also jump around from dreams to real life to flashbacks.  So if you are one of those people who like a straight-forward, to-the-point plot/story then this probably isn't the movie for you.  Other than that I would absolutely recommend Inception to most people and I believe that fans of the Christopher Nolan or his Batman movies will be fans of this movie as well.
190669415X|5.0|The product was exactly what they said it would be and delivered in the time they said too. Very happy. I will use this service again. Thank you.
0312117337|5.0|The cards arrived in time for christmas. My neice loves these cards as she has already used mine. I find that these buddhist cards are non threatning and often help me to look objectively at any problems which present themselves
B003ITZBVS|2.0|bad movie.any moment i think was a real movie and nt a animate movie. but its my falt. next time need to read al about the movie.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|This is one of my favorite games now.  Perfect ratio of luck, strategy and negotiation.  Risk was my favorite before, but this is much shorter, faster game play and takes about an hour and a half.  GREAT game, highly recommended.
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|Fast shipment.  Prices comparable with Cost Co.  It was a Christmas present for my son.  He said it is very good and he will loan it to me when he is done watching it.  Thank you.
0761119752|5.0|All of Boyton's books are catchy, but we just love this one. It flows great and is really cute! We try to read this routinely for our son before putting him to bed!! This will NOT disappoint.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Yes, I'm a die-hard, and yes, I'm pissed that this will probably not include an original theatrical version.  I haven't read all the posts, because I don't want to get that invested in this as I am losing hope that Lucas will ever appreciate his original masterpiece.    I look at the original movies, and every time I think to myself that this was made in the late seventies.  I think about what else was going on at the time, and how far it pushed the envelope in movie making and for sci-fi in general.  I think this movie changed the way people looked at the sci-fi genre because it had such passion, such fire, such guts.  I think of all the amazing story telling and creativity.  I think of the inventiveness of the technologies they had to create that paved the way for future movies.  It redefined what I thought was possible in space opera and \\"set the standard\\".    Well, all of that is taken away when you modify the movies.  \\"Hey look at this amazing movie from the 70's and see how it compares to today, but ignore that weird looking CGI stuff that was actually added in the 90's . . .\\"  To me, it's modifying a classic.  I understand this is probably way too sophisticated an idea for most people, but can't you TRY to understand?  This is a CLASSIC, in every sense of the word.  You don't modify a classic, no matter how \\"well-intentioned\\" you are.      \\"Hmm, I think the Mona Lisa would look better in a different hair style, because I just found a memo from Leonardo DaVinci that said he wasn't happy with how her hair turned out and was too busy to change it\\".  OK that's exaggerating, but the original restrictions of the artist are a very important part of the historical nature of the art.  Everyone has to live in a world of restrictions, and the choices the artist has to make is a large part of the finished work of art.      I don't care what Lucas thinks about \\"Oh, this is what I really intended\\".  I think he's lost some marbles.  He was restricted back then and had to make choices as an artist.  These choices are a cherished part of the art (for me anyway).  Just look at his work now.  He has all the resources in the entire universe, and can't make a movie that can hold a candle to the originals, and he's too blind to see it.  Maybe money makes you blind.    He was such an amazing artist and visionary back in the 70's and 80's.  Now, in my humble opinion, he's lost it.    Sorry if I've offended anyone, but this topic just makes me mad.  Sorry if I've offended you, George.
B003VANOFY|2.0|I am using this headset with Windows 7 64-bit and microphone's noise cancellation does not work properly.  If you read the Logitech forums, there are many users who have this same problem and it has yet to be acknowledged or addressed.  The only way to get noise cancellation to work is to turn on voice morphing, but that is not an acceptable solution.  When voice morphing is off, there is a severe humming through the microphone as it picks up EVERY sound.  I will amend this review if Logitech corrects the issue soon, but otherwise I will consider a return as the microphone is basically unusable in its current state.
0316069884|5.0|I'd never considered becoming vegetarian, but Eating Animals has made me consider my usual food shopping decisions.  In the book, Jonathan Safran Foer analyzes the production and consumption of animals on several different levels, each of which are disturbing.<br /><br />He points out that much of the food that we buy in the supermarkets that we presume are healthy, such as turkey, fish and chicken, are not what we'd expect.  Much of the turkey and chicken available in the grocery stores have been bred for human consumption -- the fowl that we find are bred to grow fast, to have large breast sections (because US consumers prefer the white meat).  The animals themselves are so altered from their original species that they aren't expected to be able to survive in the wild.  Having been bred for consumption, these animals are dependent upon the feed, antibiotics, vitamins, etc. from the poultry farms in order to survive.  It's disturbing that the animals are so different from the original animals.  How healthy can it be for us to consume an animal that was fed so much hormones, antibiotics and vitamins?<br /><br />Foer describes his underground visits to poultry farms and to slaughter houses.  His account doesn't become excessively emotional but the details are disturbing.  Learning exactly how the animals are raised and cared for, imagining the pain and knowing the various attrition rates paints a disturbing picture and once imagined is hard to dismiss.  While I had expected the description of slaughterhouses would be disturbing, the degree of unnecessary cruelty that many animals suffer at the time of their death -- hurting for sport --and the absence of any effective supervision over the care of the animals is worse than anything I could have imagined.<br /><br />I guess Eating Animals has made me realize that I can't just ignore the impact of my food choices.  While I haven't become vegetarian, it's hard to enjoy meat the same way.  Eating Animals has gotten me to make more careful choices.  Have you read Eating Animals? If so, has it changed how decide what to eat?<br /><br />ISBN-10: 0316069884 - Trade Paperback [...]<br /><br />Publisher: Back Bay Books; Reprint edition (September 1, 2010), 368 pages.<br /><br />Review copy provided by the publisher.careful choices.  Have you read Eating Animals? If so, has it changed how decide what to eat?      ISBN-10: 0316069884 - Trade Paperback [...]    Publisher: Back Bay Books; Reprint edition (September 1, 2010), 368 pages.    Review copy provided by the publisher.
B002ZG99A4|3.0|If not for the abundant star power in this movie it would be a total clunker. There is next to nothing of a story and the entire movie consists of how well something gets either shot up or blown up. I'm really glad that I waited to see this through my NetFlix account as if I actually paid a big first run ticket price I would have been really mad.
B002I9Z89Y|4.0|The quality of the TV shows themselves goes without saying.    But....my Blu-Rays of the second season freeze up, at least on certain episodes and are virtually unwatchable. My Blu-Ray player never has problems playing anything else (ONLY these Star Trek Blu-Rays).    I read someone else on here who reported this problem.    Is anyone else having it?
B00192IV9U|5.0|I was initially reluctant to give this album a try after I had read many, many bad reviews. The nay-sayers make this album sound like a frankensteinish pieced together botch job, but after reading some of the better reviews I decided to buy it. GLAD I DID!!! At the time of this writing I have just finished listening to \\"Michael\\" for the first time and I must say that I am extremely impressed by the outstanding quality of every single song :-) There simply isn't a weak track here. I've read that Michael Jackson was a perfectionist about his music and though he recorded a lot, many songs didn't get an A+ from him and thus were left unreleased. This album just shows that maybe he was a little too critical of his own music, as these \\"leftovers\\" are far superior to the very best work of most other recording artists. I really enjoy MJ's post 1990 albums: \\"Dangerous\\", \\"Blood On The Dance Floor\\", \\"History\\", & \\"Invincible\\" and the music on this album is very similar to those albums; generally a mix of hard funk and gentle, beautiful ballads. The sound quality/production is every bit as good as any of these albums as well. To my ears this CD is a much better album than \\"Invincible\\" and I give that album 5 stars!! To anyone who is hesitant about buying this \\"new\\" album, I strongly recommend IGNORING the negative reviews, spending the mere $10 and giving it a spin for yourself. I certainly hope there is more of Michael's unreleased music waiting to be issued in the years to come if it is as GREAT as this sample is. To me \\"Michael\\" is First Rate and I'd like to give special thanks all those who helped bring these songs to the light of day where they belong!! Enjoy & God bless!!
B002KSPKRS|5.0|I LOVE my Turtle Beach head set! The sound quality is above and beyond what I expected by far. I use mine to play Call of Duty on X-box and it allows me to hear other player's footsteps. It's awesome. It arrived on my doorstep within about a week.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|This is one of the best movies in a long time.  I will watch it over and over.
B003B96AOW|5.0|First of all, Diamond Select figures are not made for their articulation, never have been and never will be.  So when I see reviews of people saying their Diamond Select doesn't have a lot of articulation I'm left to wonder two things:<br /><br />A) How long have they been collecting figures<br />B) Have they ever owned a Diamond Select figure<br /><br />If you want articulation buy Marvel Legends, there's nothing wrong with Marvel Legends...I own tons and I love them.  That's what THEY are for...Diamonds are not.<br /><br />Diamonds are made for their detail and \\"displayability\\" (that a word?).  These aren't for playing with, they're meant for displaying.  So if you're hoping for a figure with a ton of articulation points don't look at this one.  With that being said, however, he does have more articulation than the other Diamonds I own (7).<br /><br />Enough of that....<br /><br />This is, by far, one of the best Diamond Select figures I've seen and owned.  I try to avoid hyperbole and platitudes...but this guy is phenomenal.  Truly.<br /><br />Most of the Diamonds I own are made of a light-weight plastic, tend to not weigh much at all and come with a display base made from the same plastic.  For example, my Diamond Select Daredevil and Captain America are very beautiful figures (that Cap shield is awesome) but always seemed to feel hollow.<br /><br />Deadpool here is made of a different plastic.  The plastic is of a softer feel and he's very heavy in your head, there's some heft to him.  The base, floor with empty shells and a blown out wall, are made of the same material.  All of it feels very well made.  Like I said, most of the other Diamond Select figures felt very light - this guy has got to weigh twice as much as your normal Diamond Select (except the Hulk, Thing and Abomination of course!).<br /><br />This is one of my favorite figs right now.  He's sitting on my desk, nuzzled into a corner and he looks amazing.<br /><br />Do not pass this up.  One of the best I've bought in a long time.
B004B8DH98|1.0|I'm not even going to waste my time with a thorough and in depth review of why you shouldn't waste your time with this movie, although I could.
B0014E9188|5.0|Simply put. Porcupine Tree is an interesting, very talented band. They can slow it down with very cool melody and then just rock it out hard.
0375842381|5.0|A thrilling adventure with sinister villains, heartbreaking separations, and plenty of action. A philosophical exploration of what it means to be alive, to love, and to die, without the religious trappings. Breathtaking adventure, scandalous blasphemy, and mysterious magic, oh my! This series can be enjoyed on so many levels.
1596912863|4.0|I stayed up late to finish it, then wanted to read it again the next day.  Don't expect it to be a deep treatise on relationships, it's pure entertainment.  The sensuality was limited to makeout recreational kissing (on a modern level), hand kissing, clasping and gazing (on a Regency level), very PG.  Most people wouldn't appreciate it fully without having read Jane Austen's novels, or at least seeing the films.  It's not perfect, but it's delightfully remininescent of the awkwardness and stomachdrop and thrill of early romance when you think it must be too good to be true.  Besides you just want to throttle Mrs. Wattlesbrook.  I too would LOVE to see it as a film.
0803731094|5.0|I first read about the Gruffalo in Roger Ebert's online column, and then found the web site, where my great nephew enjoyed the songs and games. We watched the movie version on the Internet, and then I ordered the book. So we came to this point in the classic twenty-first century way. He's three and this is his favorite book right now. It's scary in a silly way, so not too scary. The illustrations are fun to look at and the story is a pleasure to read over and over and over... so this book is highly recommended by multiple generations.
B002ZG99NG|3.0|This is a great movie, but I find it very annoying that the director's commentary is only included on the blu ray version in this combo pack. Just seems like a cheap shot. I had bought the single DVD version as a gift for Christmas, and it has some special features but no commentary. The person liked the movie so much I bought this combo thinking the DVD would allow him to listen to the commentary. The DVD/Blu Ray Combo makes is sound like the commentary would be on the DVD, too, but it's not. I don't get why they wouldn't include it, when it's on the blu ray anyway that you've had to buy to get the commentary!
B000UOOT1W|4.0|I bought this CD to get into Santana and I think is good for someone curious about this band's music. It has some of their best early hits as well as some from recent years.
0060012358|4.0|I typically love Terry Pratchett books, but I found the story line to be a bit dark and somewhat depressing.  However, I loved that the rats got their names off of discarded cans in the junk heap, which explains why the characters had names such as \\"Peaches,\\" \\"Nourishing\\" and \\"Dangerous Beans.\\"   I'd love to spend just one day in the mind of Terry Pratchett.  It must be very exciting in there!  I recommend the book, but it is not light-hearted in any way, shape or form.
B000000XBC|5.0|The songs on this CD are great and will be enjoyed by new fans of this very underrated american band. CCR, I believe, deserves as much praise and recognition given to other Rock bands from the late 60's and early 70's. If you have Chronicle 1 and loved it, buy this CD and you will love it too!
0439023521|3.0|I finished the first book last night and I was very happy to have a book that kept me interested. But not because I loved the characters or the concept. I think its more like a tragedy that unfolds in front of you and you cant help but see what happens next. I wont give away any specific details or major spoilers but the idea of making children murder other children is a combination of historic Rome (for the slave Gladiators and political tyranny) and \\"Lord of the Flies\\" (kids killing other kids).    I know adults have read this book, but seeing as I'm 30 its clear to me that a book about murdering children, is really just for kids. I say this because the story is told through the perspective of a young teen girl, although strong and gritty... still comes off as freshly annoying/immature. That and the usually predictable love triangle that has to exist in all cheesy books that send young things reeling at the idea of a \\"kiss\\" here and a \\"kiss\\" there.    I suppose someone has to satisfy the romantics but the idea or inserting teenage love during a lethal arena just didnt convince me of the horror they were facing. The author could have avoided it completely but instead distracts you with it. In fact I was distracted by other, what I would term, unecessary details.     My suggestion is, if you have insomnia (like I do at times) or need a reason to ignore your cabin fever in winter... this is a decent book to read. However, I have zero interest in continuing this book series and would only recommend it for people 21 and younger.
0312370849|4.0|If you do not already have this book on your reading list, I highly recommend you put it on there! The novel (which has an amazing, innovative plot) tells two tales that merge into one. The reader is first introduced to Sarah, a ten-year-old girl in Paris, 1942. The French police, by orders of the Gestapo, are rounding up Jews in the area to bring to Auschwitz. Confused and trying to protect her younger brother, Sarah locks him in a hidden compartment in the wall of their bedroom and promises she will return. When she is brought to the Vel' d'Hiv', she discovers that she won't be able to return to save her brother. I won't spoil that story any more for you.<br /><br />The other main character the reader is introduced to is Julia, an American journalist married to a Parisian. She is reasearching the Vel' d'Hiv' for an article she's assigned to write, only to find that her husband's family is connected to Sarah, the ten-year-old Jewish girl. I won't go into detail on that, either.<br /><br />What's important is that you know this novel has a wonderful story line and is a very fast-paced read. I had difficulties putting it down! It makes a great gift for anyone interested in everything WWII.
B003SWNRU2|5.0|Straight in your face metal like it was in the early to mid eighties. This CD will grab you from the first track and have you screaming along!
0307387178|4.0|The book is about a 24-year-old college graduate from a wealthy family who abandons all possessions to hitchhike across the country. He wants to ultimately get up to Alaska and live off the land. Jon Krakauer wrote an article about Chris McCandless for Outdoor Magazine. The story received so much interest that Krakauer decided to research McCandless's whole two-year expedition through the nation.<br />The book went really quickly for me. It was highly engaging. But--I will warn you-- Jon Krakauer writes like a journalist, so it's common for him to get a little carried away with the details. The only other negative I have about it was Krakauer's 30-page interruption to tell his story of one of his own expeditions. He had a terrible transition into his story and it wasn't as relevant to the reader as I suppose it was from his perspective. I definitely recommend this read for anyone who's ever wanted to venture out into the great unknown. It's a well-told tale of adventure and risk-taking.
B004B8DH98|1.0|It was like watching paint dry.  The characters are never developed, and at the end of the day, just dull.  I could not wait for this thing to end.
B001RIY4WE|5.0|This film is a modern classic that should be a part of every movie collection.     That said, I wasn't expecting much out of this BD, as most BD conversions I've seen from 90's films are pretty lackluster in terms of audio/video quality. Believe me when I say that I was absolutely blown away by this one.    First off, 6.1 audio track is killer. It's about the only audio tracks that I'll run without any signal processing from my receiver (as much as I love using Dolby PLIIx, the pure audio sounds much better in this case). It blows me away every single time, even on my budget 7.1 speakers.    The picture quality is also phenomenal. Sharp as a knife without any graininess or pixelation. Due to space constraints, my sofa is only about 7 or 8 feet from my TV, so stuff like that tends to be a bit obvious.    Haven't gotten around to watching any of the special features or listening to the commentaries, but this is an amazing movie on an amazing BD. A disc that should be a part of every collection.    Setup:  LG LH40 55\\" LCD HDTV  PS3 for BD playback  Onkyo TX-SR707 7.2 Receiver  Onkyo SKS-HT870(B) 7.1 Speaker System
076115678X|5.0|This is a great book for anyone with wavy hair.  It really tells you how to take care of your waves and make the most of them.  As it turns out, I had more curl that I really knew, and my hair now looks healthy and happy.  I highly recommend this book.    -A Curly Girl in California
B003D83DPA|5.0|Alchemy is one of, if not my favorite live album/concert I have ever owned/heard. I have owned multiple versions of it, remasters etc, I want to get the SHM at some point or if it comes out on SACD so I can listen to the better quality outside of a Blu Ray player, that should give you an idea as to my bias in favor of this album.    First, anyone who gives this a con due to the video quality is a fool. The concert was filmed in 1983, do you really think its going to have video quality that equals today's current Blu Rays? If the video quality is a deciding factor in you purchasing this than just buy the CD as you wont appreciate the HD audio.    I really can't say anything actually negative about this remaster. This Bluray really does make an already immaculate performance sound immensely better. In fact, I may put it on right now. Playing on 1st generation PS3 over an Onkyo HT-S3300 (basic Onkyo HTiB setup but still performances AMAZING)    Get this Blu Ray, you will not regret it.
6303314015|4.0|I chose this VHS not only because I'm a Disney fan but, also as a gift for sombody else. She loved it because it's a VHS she's not a fan of DVD's so it was the perfect choice.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|This is why I bought a HDTV. Don't get me wrong I love the original unaltered versions. However none of the changes truly bother me. If you don't like it don't buy it. I bought Star Wars over and over over the years. I've waited years and years for all six movies to be released in HD glory.    I already preordered it. The force is strong with this set!
B002ZG981E|4.0|if you don't like thinking- forget about it.  great computer generated graphics, action fast, but be prepared to think and use your imagination.
B002ZG980U|2.0|Gamers and sci-fi nerds might like this one, but if you're looking for strong dialogue, believably motivated characters who one might care about or be interested in, and an artfully unfolded original story, run far away; this would be a two hour nightmare, like watching someone play a matrix video game.  Special effects crap flying through the air and non-stop camera shots of \\"cool\\" model types continually shooting at each other borders on aggravating.  An unsatisfying waste of time for anyone with half a brain.
B0044XV3QY|4.0|I really liked the animation in this movie, and was really blown away by all the cartoons.<br /><br />The blue Navajos were amazing, and the screeching bird flyers sounded and looked real. I also liked how the environment looked alive, like every milky strand of flarnsdroppers and cranstrappers was a conscious, sentient, non-cartoon.<br /><br />HOWEVER... (I write in caps for emphasis.)<br /><br />After seeing this movie, I read a book. It had a plot and characters. And while I read it, I thought. I give the book I read 4 out of 5 stars -- minus one star because it didn't have cool-looking cartoons in it. But it had other stuff.<br /><br />In conclusion, I recommend books.
B0007PLLQ0|1.0|Wow, know I really know how much music can inspire a movie!! This was just awful with out tangerine dreams score...just awful, it really changed the entire mood of the movie! Buy the Ultimate Edition!
B0010YSD7M|5.0|I found this an excellent conclusion to the Ori story arc. I remember being stunned by the superior quality of special effects an cinematography given the high quality of the TV show's special effects and cinematography. If you loved the show and hated to see StupyFy kill it mid-arc, you'll almost certainly love this conclusion. Given the sterling job that MGM did with their property after StupyFy dumped it mid-arc, I'm almost glad to see Stargate SG-1 back in more responsible hands.  I bought this the day it became available, and am happy that I did.  If you liked the Ori story arc, you'll love the conclusion, even if you are too young to have your own army and your mother forbids it. :-D
B0045LSIRM|5.0|Like most kids of the 1980's, I grew up hearing Bryan on the radio all the time. I can't say I ever was a big fan though. When I won tickets to see his Bare Bones tour recently, my expectations were low as I hadn't heard anything from him in ages. To say I was blown away by his show would be an understatement. He looked and sounded great. He was funny and the audience was enthusiastic. Likewise, this CD shows off his talents as a songwriter and singer. If you liked him before, you'll love this CD. If you are a casual fan, be prepared to be really impressed by how well his songs and his voice have stood the test of time.
B002ZG981E|5.0|This movie was definitely the bestfilm I saw this year. I have to say that this film puts Christopher Nolan up there with the ranks of directors like Kubrick. For him to write the storyline and direct it is amazing. Its definitely one of the best science fiction films ever made. Also Dicaprio and Gordon-Levitt both give incredible performances.
0881030856|5.0|When I was, like, five years old, I used to watch the Watership Down movie all the time.  It was my favorite, though it's a little graphic at parts for a child I suppose...  Anyway, I first read the book in middle school when I figured out who wrote the book, and found it in the library.  I loved it, and I still love to watch the movie.  This book is just so fantastic.  I love Kehaar!  \\"Dumb bunnies got no mates!\\"  \\"You got no mates, you got no plan.  You need mates for plan!\\"
B0042RUMEQ|5.0|I love the album. If you like Nicki's other songs in the past then you will love Pink Friday. I have listened to this cd almost everyday since I bought it on Nov. 22. She has some pop songs with her singing and rapping like on Your Love and Right Thru Me, but she also has songs with her regular rap style from her mixtapes like Roman's Revenge, Blazin, I'm the Best and Did it on Em. I love the album and if you are a Nicki fan and you buy the album, I guarantee you will love it too.
0760335540|5.0|This is by far the best DIY for the Boxster. Think of it as \\"The Bentley for Dummies\\" and I mean that in a very good way. The author of the book has enormous experience with all Porsches and he is doing a marvelous job in sharing all his know-how with you and tell you all you need to be successful with your own projects.  What I particular like about this book is that it has great step by step instructions with pictures (a picture says a thousand words). But what I like even more is the fact that the author lives in the real world and he discusses (where it makes sense) aftermarket alternatives to Porsche OEM solutions. Heck, he knows exactly what good and popular aftermarket parts are out there and he mentions them, even if the parts may come from a garage enthusiast, example Pedro's garage.  There is also a section in the book about Super and Turbocharging - you won't find that in any official manual. Lot's of advise for weekend warriors (who track their cars occasionally).  As soon as the temperatures in my garage will be a little higher you will find me under my car with this book in my hands doing several projects, to which I now have the confidence and needed advise to do them successfully.
1433502410|5.0|I've really enjoyed using the Bible. It is full of information that will help you to better understand the Bible. I would strongly recommend it to anybody interested.
B0002F6AH0|5.0|At this writing, just over 65 years have passed since Nazi Germany surrendered to the Allies, and yet the cataclysmic events seem from another time, another era, another epoch; a dark fantasy which seems illusory, almost fabricated. And yet this is not fiction but historic reality. The large hosts of military armies chanting \\"Sieg Heil\\" amid the plethora of swastika banners and German crosses appear like scenes from a surrealistic film, almost imaginary in its strangeness. A central figure elevated to the status of messiah by his people, almost a god, fueled by the undying devotion of millions. An horrific ideology overtakes an entire nation which had been known for high culture, literature, science and music. And the crimes against humanity within its borders escalate before this messiah and his nation confront the rest of humankind through a conscious combination of political maneuvering and military might. The messiah is not one of benevolence and peace but one of wrath and war.<br /><br />Is this a nightmare from which humankind would awaken eventually and say thank goodness, it was only a dream? Or a dark landscape of atrocity from which the only escape is death? And yet, no matter how unreal these times appear to us three quarters of a century later, the events of Europe in the 1930's and the 1940's have become not just a chapter of human history but a multi-volume work of epic proportions, the modern equivalent of Homer's \\"the Iliad\\" or Edward Gibbons \\"Rise and Fall of the Roman Empire\\". World War II is the great epic tragedy of the 20th century, a story written in the blood and anguished cries of millions, and rivaled only by its parent, World War I.<br /><br />Jeremy Isaac's \\"The World at War\\" produced in the late 1960's and early 1970's and premiered on British television in 1973 (and later in the US) remains the most outstanding production to date in English which presents a coherent narrative of one of the strangest episodes of human history. Narrated by the incomparable Sir Laurence Olivier, \\"the World at War\\" was the first attempt, so far as I know, to piece the large puzzle of people and events, both large and small, into a presentable film. For nearly 23 hours, divided into 26 episodes, audiences are taken back to the early 20th century to witness events that literally changed the course of human experience. The film relies on Olivier's narration, archival footage from the era, interviews of scholars, and interviews of people from the time, recounting memories of what they had witnessed.<br /><br />The interviews alternate between people of high standing and those of middle class as well as scholarly discourse. In the first episode, one woman remembers being enthralled to the point of silent awe when Hitler and his entourage greeted her and her colleagues. Another woman recalls that the doctor to her children had been dismissed from a hospital he had helped found, only on the grounds of his being of Jewish decent. A scholar recounts how Hitler perpetrated the burning of the Reichstag and blamed it on the communist presence in Germany to strengthen his power by marginalizing rivals. Hitler's strategy was to gain complete political solidarity in Germany at the price of human rights and freedom. But his aims did not end with Germany; Hitler sought to regain those lands around Germany which had been lost as a result of World War I.<br /><br />The documentary begins with Hitler's rise to Chancelor of Germany in 1933 as head of the German Socialist Worker's Party (Nazi Party), and his eventual rise to dictator upon the death of President Hindenburg in 1934. Hitler schemes to destroy all political adversaries to promote complete centralized power of the government. In short, he completely remakes Germany's political and judiciary structure to encompass an ideology in which political dissenters and those labeled as part of inferior races (i.e. Jews, Gypsies, and other minorities) are not only marginalized and strippedof human rights but are to be persecuted and eventually exterminated. At first, the world seems only to watch in awe and anxiety but for some reason is reluctant to act.<br /><br />The documentary then furthers how Hitler will take his ideology outside his boundaries and force the world to reckon with this new European power. The dictator plans to absorb many of the surrounding countries of western and central Europe into the Third Reich, blatantly undermining the Versailles Treaty of 1919. His designs begin near his own borders, first absorbing Austria into the German empire, and then France to the west and Czechoslovakia and Poland to the east. He forces Britain, the Soviet Union and Italy to sign treaties, but later will bomb England and begin an eastern offensive into Russia. Finally, a western and eastern alliance is formed among those countries which had not fallen into the Reich's hands. Their mission: to arrest Germany's military campaigns, and the inspiring speech by English Prime Minister Winston Churchill to Britain's Parliament becomes the rallying cry. The bombing of Pearl Harbor in late 1941 followed by Germany's declaration of war against the United States force Americans into the conflict on the side of the allies.<br /><br />Isaac's outstanding documentary is English language television at its finest and would not be rivaled until Ken Burns' \\"The Civil War\\" almost two decades later. In all likelihood, Burns was inspired by World at War in terms of its thoroughness of historical scholarship balanced with stories of everyday people along with a fine narrator; it is the war documentary by which all others are judged. \\"The World at War\\" stands as a crowning achievement dealing with a fascinating if horrific subject, the history of the human race nearly annihilating itself. But maybe the documentary is a positive model in and of itself, showing how much more wonderful it is to create than to destroy.ersecuted and eventually exterminated. At first, the world seems only to watch in awe and anxiety but for some reason is reluctant to act.     The documentary then furthers how Hitler will take his ideology outside his boundaries and force the world to reckon with this new European power. The dictator plans to absorb many of the surrounding countries of western and central Europe into the Third Reich, blatantly undermining the Versailles Treaty of 1919. His designs begin near his own borders, first absorbing Austria into the German empire, and then France to the west and Czechoslovakia and Poland to the east. He forces Britain, the Soviet Union and Italy to sign treaties, but later will bomb England and begin an eastern offensive into Russia. Finally, a western and eastern alliance is formed among those countries which had not fallen into the Reich's hands. Their mission: to arrest Germany's military campaigns, and the inspiring speech by English Prime Minister Winston Churchill to Britain's Parliament becomes the rallying cry. The bombing of Pearl Harbor in late 1941 followed by Germany's declaration of war against the United States force Americans into the conflict on the side of the allies.    Isaac's outstanding documentary is English language television at its finest and would not be rivaled until Ken Burns' \\"The Civil War\\" almost two decades later. In all likelihood, Burns was inspired by World at War in terms of its thoroughness of historical scholarship balanced with stories of everyday people along with a fine narrator; it is the war documentary by which all others are judged. \\"The World at War\\" stands as a crowning achievement dealing with a fascinating if horrific subject, the history of the human race nearly annihilating itself. But maybe the documentary is a positive model in and of itself, showing how much more wonderful it is to create than to destroy.
030746363X|5.0|Tim's book is great.  It's full of different ideas that challenge mainstream thought.  I recommend it. And one of the benefits is that you do not have to read the entire book to find out what you need.  Like his book[[ASIN:0307465357 The 4-Hour Workweek, Expanded and Updated: Expanded and Updated, With Over 100 New Pages of Cutting-Edge Content.]] it has ideas that aren't for everyone - just those really wanting to make a change!
B0001WTVUW|4.0|Although dated, the themes are universal and the acting excellent. Radiation sickness in the aftermath of nuclear warfare would be the inevitable end of mankind. Slow and deadly, the radiation kills. Modern bombs have 1,000 to 1,000,000 times the power of the Hiroshima and Nagasake bombs combined.    If you think of Russia as Korea in the scenario presented in this movie, it is still timely.  Let's hope it doesn't all end this way.
B001P9EQH8|1.0|Received the product in good time. No complaint with shipping. Sound quality did not suffer while using this at all. No hiss as in other peoples reviews, bass was improved and volume at max was not distorted. Battery lasted quite a while at least until my E5 stopped working after three days. Bought new and lasts three days. Just spend your money on a higher quality headphone amplifier instead of wasting it on this hit or miss product.
0547391005|5.0|This is a great book for children, especially ones who LOVE Curious George. It also makes a great coffee table book as well as looking good on your bookshelf. For those who do get it, enjoy it! :)
0312600844|2.0|I am only half way through \\"Freedom\\" so I may be writing this review prematurely but I am still waiting for this book to get better. It is written in a very confusing style. I am a huge fan of Oprah's but am remembering ordering two books from her book club list several years ago and I struggled with them as well so am probably going to avoid her picks in the future unless \\"Freedom\\" has a clear and surprise ending.
B002NEFL8W|5.0|Overall great product, works as intended.  Straight forward installation and easy to use.  Make sure to turn on the grip using the switch on the side after inserting the batteries otherwise it wont do anything.  Grip adds a considerable amount of width, depth and weight to the camera, but I don't mind it.  The grip when held in portrait orientation will be hard to hold if you have small hands.  My hands aren't huge but I didn't find it to be a problem.  Very useful for taking portrait photos however the trigger is much more sensitive on the grip so be careful if you've got it in high-speed continuous as I do.  Once you get used to it you can feather it for single shots. (Or just change the mode to single shot)  Well built materials are identical to what's on the body and feels a perfect match in texture and color.  I find now that it's almost impossible to exhaust both batteries.  Somehow the grip or camera decide to use the batteries equally and not one more than the other.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|The original Star Wars movie released in 1977 was an amazing achievement. Some (not all) of the tinkering with the movie, which resulted in a \\"new version\\" twenty years later, I found distracting. My primary example of this is the following scene:     Stormtrooper: Let me see your identification.   Obi-Wan: [with a small wave of his hand] You don't need to see his identification.   Stormtrooper: We don't need to see his identification.   Obi-Wan: These aren't the droids you're looking for.   Stormtrooper: These aren't the droids we're looking for.   Obi-Wan: He can go about his business.   Stormtrooper: You can go about your business.   Obi-Wan: Move along.   Stormtrooper: Move along... move along.     During this scene in the 1997 version there are all kinds of CGI animations circling around which distract from the subtlety of Alec Guinness's performance. So, for that reason, I would like to be able to view the movie as it was originally released, and I would enjoy seeing it on Blu-ray. Generally I find CGI tiring whenever it is used in the 1977 film. If it was used subtly I would have enjoyed it much more, instead we are hit over the head with it as in the scene mentioned above.
B002ZG981E|5.0|One of the best movies i've seen. great acting. perfect picture quality. epic soundtrack. I would recommend this movie to anyone. A must have!!!....what are you waiting for??? go get it already!!!!
B001NLKXK2|5.0|I am not going to waste words here.  Read this book.  I will never forget it.  It broke my heart, it taught me much and reminded me of more.  So well done.  So heartbreakingly, yet joyfully and profoundly well done.
B0037UUZQY|3.0|My daughter (8) received this for Christmas, almost as soon as she removed the hair extension from the box it was TANGLED. The hair remains a tangled mess because it is impossible to brush; Rapunzel will just have to live with the hair she has.  Needless to say I was not please with the quality of the hair extension, but the rest of the doll is fine and my daughter enjoys it.
B0047T86G0|1.0|It's listed under \\"Available on these devices\\" as good to go for the Android Kindle platform, but this fine dictionary, like EVERY ONE of the other Kindle for Android dictionary offerings, does NOT WORK on the Android platform. At least, not on my HTC Glacier w Android 2.2. The necessary navigation/search links are dead on Android.    This is, in my opinion, a serious short-coming for those of us who are trying to migrate from Amazon's \\"other\\" eBook platform, namely, Mobipocket. A purchased dictionary integrated nicely into the various Mobipocket platforms, but the lack of even a viable off-line dictionary, much less an integrated one, puts the Android Kindle reader well off-mark.    What's the issue here? It's well-known that Kindle uses the Mobipocket file format, and the hardware Kindle reader has no problem with the dictionary. It should be made to work for Android. Amazon will, I hope, correct this, but in the interim should de-list this as suitable for the Android Kindle reader. A dictionary which doesn't work on an advertised platform is bad business. Once Amazon adds support, I'll return and hope to give a 5-star rating.
B002JVWR9U|5.0|This was a great price compared to retail stores for the holiday shopping season AND it was in stock.  Fast delivery as well.
B000BSLU2S|5.0|Dropped my temps under full load by 9c, I am very pleased. One tube will last a long time. Product works very well.
B001AIRUOU|5.0|This is a classic animation movie. The special features are great. This is an awesome value compared to the price at retail stores ($35-40). I'd highly recommend this to any Nightmare fan.
B002SSUQFG|4.0|I love the face of this watch. The minute numbers are on the outside circle, while the inside has the hour markings.    This is a basic watch. no frills, that's all I need. The hands have some glow to them at night, the date is displayed, and it tells time. The automatic part of it is nice, but if I don't wear if for a day, it stops. I have to shake it for a minute on days I don't wear it.    The band is pretty cheap and basic. It looks a lot thinner than the photos, I'd like a slightly thicker band so it doesn't look like a ladies watch. Overall, I'm very statisfied.
B001EN71CW|5.0|Great series! Lost before it ever got a chance to be found. My only complaint is that there isn't more of it.
B002ZCY7PU|5.0|I've really enjoyed this program as streaming video.  I like it enough to want to add it to my collection.  Adam Baldwin is one of my favorite character actors.
B004132HZS|5.0|If you like the type of personalities seen in House, you will like this series.<br /> Sherlock Holmes is a brilliant not friendly at all caracter, socially ackward with sarcastic  personality. Great series, hope second season comes with more than 3 episodes.
B002ZFQD0E|5.0|I will never be able to describe how fantastic this album is and what a true work of art it is. You HAVE to listen to it for yourself, and you will not be disappointed.
B002U5HKZ6|5.0|I couldn't put this book down..Part of the lure of this book is the whole did it really happen or did he make it up?  I don't know which is true but it is one of my favorite books...
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I can't wait for this release.  The original 3 (A New Hope, The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi) alone would be worth the near $90 admittance fee for the entire Blu-ray set.  I've seen each of them at least 5 times on the big screen, have had 2 sets of VCR copies and the trilogy on DVD.  I grew up in the 70's so Star Wars toys were a no-brainer at Christmas time each year - at least until I stopped getting toys for Christmas' and my birthdays.  The cast in the original 3 could never be equaled - Harrison Ford is one of the greatest actors of all-time.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|I ordered this DVD for my children after taking them to the movies to see it in 3-D. I absolutely loved it, and it arrived right on time, so that I could wrap it for Christmas.      Thanks!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Those of you 4 and 5 star reviewers are traitors.  There I said it.    If you're willing to pay for another version with the horribly done additional footage then you are not fans of Star Wars.  You're fakes.    The movies were PERFECT.  The additional footage only made them worse and should have been added as extras, not forced on us like revisionist history.  I cannot in good conscience pay for another version of these films in their present state.  They only detract, not enhance as the extra footage for the Lord of the Rings trilogy did.  It's obvious that Lucas has lost it....look at episodes 1-3.  Terrible.  And Chrystal skull?  Give me a break.    All effects, crap plot.    George...there's no reason to not give us the cleaned up original cut.  You're just being stubborn.
B002ZG99CC|5.0|My son loved this movie when he saw it on cable, and asked if he could have it for Christmas. I told him to put it on his list to Santa. Well Santa delivered!    Thanks!
B003TXKSWK|5.0|John Legend & The Roots collaboration is probably the best CD I have purchased. Amazed, playing it over and over.    Enjoy,    Lukas
B0036OS3KG|5.0|I am very happpy to have buy this shoes. There price-efficiency ist correct! I will be buy it again.
B0030ZOYHC|5.0|I recently bought this when I saw that it had a lower price; I'm a fan of the series but I've never really watched it all the way through...I mainly jumped around and watched it where I could. But I understand the main plot and have seen most of it to understand the series as a whole.    This movie is a wonderful addition to any Evangelion fan. The visuals are absolutely stunning with full 1080p support, the run time is approximately 100 minutes and it is definitely worth watching. The story itself follows the original episodes but adds in several scenes that help the story move along better. Like when the first episode in the original TV releases would end and in the next episode Shinji would awake in a hospital room instead the movie continues and shows the fight between EVA 01 and the 4th Angel. The movie covers episodes 1-6 in the TV series. There's some jumping around between the hospital scene and when Shinji goes to school but from what I've watched it simply stream lines the story and keeps it moving forward towards the action. I personally liked the differences between the original and the movie. It helped to better clarify parts such as when you see Lilith the 2nd Angel which is the origin of the human race and this explains why Tokyo 3 is under attack from the Angels to begin with. Also there's scenes that elude to the hidden agenda of Shinji's father and what his plans for Rei and Shinji are, this is also reflected and emphasized in several scenes.     Those are the main differences I saw from my first watch through of the movie itself. And overall I was absolutely blown away by the amazing artwork and quality of the movie itself. If anyone is interested in this product whether a long time fan of the series or someone new to the Evangelion universe I would definitely recommend a buy. And for the price it is this Blu ray DVD is completely worth...let's just say I can wait for Evangelion 2.22.
B000BC8TBE|5.0|Mariah Carey has the greatest voice of all time, in my opinion (to be honest, it's almost a fact), and this is by far, her best album. If you want an even better experience, you should get the DualDisc edition, that comes with two bonus tracks and 8 music videos. All of these songs deserve 10's.<br /><br />Silent Night is a nice and relaxing way to start the album, and then it moves on into the Christmas song we all know, All I Want for Christmas is You, which is a Christmas classic. O Holy Night is up next and that's probably my favorite Christmas song of all time (next to All I Want for Christmas is You), and when it's sung by Mariah, it's 10 times better. Christmas (Baby Please Come Home) is also a nice and upbeat song, and clocks at only 2 and a half minutes. Miss You Most (At Christmas Time), co-written by Mariah herself, is a phenomenal Christmas ballad. She also does a great job at making \\"Joy to the World\\" a dance track, and it's followed up by a mellow Jesus Born on This Day, which is a nice song. I think Santa Claus is Coming to Town sounds just like All I Want for Christmas is You, and if you listen to it, you'll hear the extreme similarity. Hark! The Herald Angels Sing/Gloria (In Excelsis Deo) is another mellow track with no drum beat to it, and following it is Jesus Oh What a Wonderful Child, which is a very enjoyable song. At the end, the song really picks up the tempo and turns into a Baptist church-like song (hear the end and you'll see what I mean). God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen is a great 1 and a half minute acapella, and, following that is one of my favorites, the Santa Claus is Coming to Town (Anniversary Mix). I love that drum beat. The 8 music videos are also great. If you want a great Christmas album, buy this, or an Andy Williams Christmas album.<br /><br />My top 3 favorites:<br />1. Oh Holy Night<br />2. Santa Claus is Coming to Town (Anniversary Mix)<br />3. All I Want for Christmas is You
B003L77TZI|5.0|Katy Perry did go a little too mainstream sounding on this album, compared to her 2008 album \\"One of the Boys\\" (which I love), but she still delivers an amazing album. I got the day it came out and since have listened to it about 20-30 times (I don't listen to it much anymore since I've been getting so much more albums over time, but I would have listened to it even more).    1. Teenage Dream- 9.5/10- The song is overplayed, but I'll still give it a 9.5. It's a nice way to begin the album.    2. Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)- 10/10- I heard the first 2 seconds of the song, and I instantly loved it. It does sound a bit like a mixture of California Gurls and \\"Teenage Dream\\", but it's just sooo amazing! The chorus is the best part.    3. Califoria Gurls- 10/10- This song is overplaed also, but I just feel like giving it a 10. If you havent noticed, it has basically the same melody as \\"Tik Tok\\" by Ke$ha, but this song is way better. (The music video is great, also!)    4. Firework- 9/10- Maybe this song is also getting a little too much radio time, but I absolutely love the lyrics, and the beat is still good.    5. Peacock- 10/10- This song is immature, but I love it so much! It's a song you could do a cheer routine to.     6. Circle the Drain- 10/10- Katy Perry sounds mad in this song. It's very rock and it's a great song about her ex-boyfriend. I love the lyrics and especially the chorus.    7. The One That Got Away- 10/10- It's a very sad and upbeat-ballad and it fits perfectly on this album.    8. E.T.- 10/10- Katy never does Europop songs like this, and that's why this song is unique. I like it a lot.    9. Who Am I Living For?- 10/10- I didn't really like the song at first, but now I love it. It has a soft electronic beat and it's a great highlight of the album.    10. Pearl- 10/10- This song is a great electro-ballad with amazing lyrics. It's one of my favorites.    11. Hummingbird Heartbeat- 10/10- This is the only song that really reminds me of \\"One of the Boys\\". The beat is great and although it's not my favorite, it's still great.    12. Not Like the Movies- 10/10- A great way to end this album (it doesn't really end the album, becuase there are 2 hidden remixes, but whatever). It has great lyrics, like the rest of the album, with a very slow and soft beat, and it's my favorite next to \\"Last Friday Night\\"      The two hidden remixes, California Gurls (Passion Pit Remix) and Teenage Dream (Kaskade Remix) are also extremely catchy.  To any pop fan, I recommend you buy \\"Teenage Dream\\" or at least her debut, cuz Katy Perry is great.    My top 3 favorites:  1. Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)  2. Not Like the Movies  3. Peacock
0316017922|4.0|A good introduction to the work of K. Anders Ericcson and the notion of expertise.  While Gladwell can occasionally rabbit trail with curious details, I think the overall message is clear - expertise has far more to do with time, opportunity, and deliberate practice than reductionistic claims of \\"good genes\\" or that someone is \\"born with talent\\".  While Gladwell offers no panacea, I think he's great at bringing to the foreground some solid, sophisticated research in a way that is palatable for those with even the slightest of interest in social psychology.
B0009K8L5W|5.0|I think Shakira is absolutely amazing. She has a great voice and this album is timeless. You can just listen to it over and over again.     1. Estoy Aqui- 10/10- This is her biggest song from the album and it deserved to be big. It's extremely catchy and has a great chorus.    2. Antologia- 10/10- This song is really sad (although I don't understand the lyrics cuz I don't speak Spanish), but it has a really sad but amazing beat. Shakira sounds great on this one.    3. Un Poco de Amor- 10/10- I love the Caribbean dancehall feel to this one. It's a great highlight from the album.    4. Quiero- 10/10- I think this is one of my favorites from the album. It's very soft and has a very nice chorus.    5. Te Necesito- 10/10- This song is another one of my favorites off the album.    6. Vuelve- 10/10- The beat to this song is great. It reminds me of some of her later work from \\"Donde Estan los Ladrones?\\".    7. Te Espero Sentado- 10/10- It's very soft in the beginning, and later turns into a great acoustic rock pop song. It's in my top 3 favorites of \\"Pies Descalzos.\\"    8. Pies Descalzos, Suenos Blancos- 10/10- I don't know the lyrics to the song, but it sounds really poetic whatever she's saying. Great song.    9. Pienso en Ti- 10/10- This song is my favorite. A lot of it is acapella sounding because the instruments in the song are very quiet. It sounds absolutely amazing.    10. Donde Estas Corazon- 10/10- This is a great and upbeat love song. It deserved to be a single from the album.    11. Se Quiere, Se Mata- 10/10- I love the anti-abortion message in this song. It kinds of like a folk song, because it tells a story. It's an odd way to end the album, but I still love the song.    This album is a masterpiece, like all her other albums. Shakira is different from anyone in the mainstream, and never blends in with any other artists. She's definitely my favorite singer of all time.    My top 3 favorites are:  1. Pienso en Ti  2. Te Espero Sentada  3. Te Necesito    Luv u Shaki!
0312430000|5.0|I had heard about The Checklist Manifesto by Atul Gawande, but for whatever reason didn't feel the need to read it. My mistake. This is an excellent book that outlines the high value of a simple checklist. Gawande, a surgeon, worked with the World Health Organization to create a simple one-page checklist that every operating room in the world could use. It was an ambitious undertaking, but it has been highly successful. The checklist helps you remember to do \\"the stupid things\\" and, according to Gawande, has saved countless lives.    My initial hesitation about reading the book was it seemed to be oriented around the medical field. To my surprise and delight, Gawande explores several industries and points out how checklists are incorporated in many ways. He always brings it back to the operating room, but he takes the time to explore the airline industry, the construction industry, and even a high quality restaurant kitchen. They all use checklists.    A good book, and a great way to start the New Year!
0312370849|4.0|I picked this book up and simply could not bring myself to put it down. I was shocked, saddened, hopeful and crushed several times and finally proud and satisfied. I simply couldn't ask for more from a book.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|They did present quite a harrowing exprience to me: what the marines had gone through fighting in the jungle or in jagged mountain on the islands no one knows or cares where they are. I really simpathized with the veterans when they returned home after all those experiences. I am thankful to all who participated in the series for giving me this glimpse of the war. War is surely hell and should be avoided by all means.
B00439ISNK|4.0|The original Space Hulk is a fairly complex board game; it plays on a large surface utilizing myriads of figures, dices, and a ton of other accessories. Death Angel, on the other hand, tries to deliver the core experience of the board game in a faster, easier-to-follow, cooperative card game format. Players simulate the events on the space hulk using only cards, a limited number of tokens, and a single dice. They do that by moving a column of space marines through randomized locations and events (all represented by cards) while fighting off swarms of genestealers. Fights are resolved by the dice, and the game is over when the marines either fulfilled their mission presented on the last location card, killed all genestealers, or all died. Simple enough; the random nature of the game and the large number of cards, however, allow players to experience different scenarios from game to game--well, in theory, but I will get to this later.<br /><br />One thing I especially like about Death Angel is that it can be played alone. People do not always have friends available for playing; so it is advantageous that Death Angel has this option. The mechanics of the game remain the same during solo play; the player simply assumes the role of other players, controlling more than one space marine squad. While this does not change the gameplay drastically, it does give the player more freedom to come up with different strategies trying to tackle the genestealer attacks. Solo play, therefore, is an integral part of the game, just as fun--if not more--than playing with friends.<br /><br />While I believe Death Angel successfully captures the essence of the original Space Hulk in a creative and engaging card game, unfortunately, it does suffer from some minor flaws. For instance, despite their bulky armor, space marines fall prey to the alien swarm much too fast. In a 4+ cooperative game where each player only commands one squad (two space marines), this becomes especially problematic, often resulting in an untimely death and rendering the dropped out player a mere spectator while the others play. Although on a somewhat lesser degree, but difficulty also affects games with fewer players (controlling more squads) and even solo play. After more than five tries, I have yet to win a single game!<br /><br />Another, and perhaps a bit more serious, although not at all uncorrectable, issue I have with Death Angel is its core mechanic. The game puts almost all emphasis on fighting, meaning that other aspects, such as exploration or problem solving, do not live up to their full potential, if at all. This not only hurts replay value but also renders the game one dimensional--although, for fairness sake, I have to point out that it delivers the mechanics of fighting exceptionally well. The good news, however, is that this issue can easily be corrected with an expansion pack, with which this game is clearly destined to wind up. New cards providing more diverse terrain (something that Death Angel desperately needs, as currently it has only 8 of these cards, 4 of which rarely come up), new locations, more mission objectives and events putting a bit more emphasis on exploration and a bit less on fighting could really spice this game up.<br /><br />Despite my many complaints, however, I had a great time with Death Angel. It delivers a solid game experience (in solo or with friends) while successfully captures the gloomy atmosphere of the original Space Hulk. The game has a fair amount of replay value, which hopefully future expansions will further improve, is complex enough to capture the more hardcore crowd while not too complex to intimidate casual players, and only costs $25. These are qualities hard to come by these days. So, if you like board or card games, the Warhammer 40k universe, and/or science fiction, I would highly recommend you picking up Space Hulk: Death Angel.in an untimely death and rendering the dropped out player a mere spectator while the others play. Although on a somewhat lesser degree, but difficulty also affects games with fewer players (controlling more squads) and even solo play. After more than five tries, I have yet to win a single game!    Another, and perhaps a bit more serious, although not at all uncorrectable, issue I have with Death Angel is its core mechanic. The game puts almost all emphasis on fighting, meaning that other aspects, such as exploration or problem solving, do not live up to their full potential, if at all. This not only hurts replay value but also renders the game one dimensional--although, for fairness sake, I have to point out that it delivers the mechanics of fighting exceptionally well. The good news, however, is that this issue can easily be corrected with an expansion pack, with which this game is clearly destined to wind up. New cards providing more diverse terrain (something that Death Angel desperately needs, as currently it has only 8 of these cards, 4 of which rarely come up), new locations, more mission objectives and events putting a bit more emphasis on exploration and a bit less on fighting could really spice this game up.    Despite my many complaints, however, I had a great time with Death Angel. It delivers a solid game experience (in solo or with friends) while successfully captures the gloomy atmosphere of the original Space Hulk. The game has a fair amount of replay value, which hopefully future expansions will further improve, is complex enough to capture the more hardcore crowd while not too complex to intimidate casual players, and only costs $25. These are qualities hard to come by these days. So, if you like board or card games, the Warhammer 40k universe, and/or science fiction, I would highly recommend you picking up Space Hulk: Death Angel.
B000RZIGVS|2.0|I will be brief, because many others have described at length the flaws of this particular set. It appalls me that a product as poor as this can be successfully produced and sold in a capitalist society. The hacks at Paramount have obviously outsourced the production of these dvds to China or a similar place. Low quality discs, low quality packaging. You get what you pay for, I guess. I would strongly recommend that Star Trek fans invest in the individual seasons instead. This set is not worth anywhere near what it costs, and is an insult to the legacy of TNG.
030746363X|5.0|I think it's important to note that this book isn't a bunch of quick and easy fixes for health. I think that's what a lot of people expected when they picked this up. Instead, it's a book about information that the author has learned in the course of trying to improve his own physique. It's not new information, but it's good information presented in an entertaining way. The value of this book stems from the resources you learn about while reading it. For example, he talks about different ways to measure body composition and includes a couple pages about the best way to measure body fat, including some new technologies that I haven't even heard of. Another example is the diet. He talks about Robb Wolf, who advocates the Paleo diet. The book gives you the tools to help yourself, as opposed to giving you easy solutions.
0761158464|5.0|I wasn't sure exactly what we were going to get when I ordered this book, but what a surprise when we received it.  Although it was only 13 pages long, each page shared a fun action-like picture, which was so mesmerizing that it made us turn the pages back and forth, just to see the motion.  I actually bought this for my husband, who is a big Star Wars fan.  I think this book adds something unique to his collection.  When he unwrapped this Christmas gift, my 10 year old nephew's eyes lit up.  He was so jealous of his Uncle.  It is not a book for just children, but instead it shares it's appeal to adults as well.  If you want something fun, this is the book to get.  It adds more than what a picture book would provide.
B002ZG98Z0|4.0|I can't believe people are saying this is horrible.  I loved it.  Its better than the Carrie being a dish rag in the first one.  Its more honest to the series, and I loved it.  If you are a true fan of the series, you'll like this one.
B00006FDCD|5.0|This is awesome i have every book by stephen king the movie came the day after i ordered it I LOVE IT!!!!!!
030746363X|4.0|Been doing slow carbs for 3 months now. Little effort and 34 lbs down. Haven't implemented the four hour body completely but still benefitting. Expecting much more success as I implement more of Tim's advice...
B002ZG97EC|5.0|Purchased this for grandkids.  They loved it and I found it fun to watch and enjoyable for adults.   We watch blu-ray at home and use DVD for automobile for travel.  Very pleased with purchase.  Arrived in timely manner and was all I expected.
0783229526|5.0|this is one of my favorite movies of all time. ive hadto of watcht it at least a 100 times. it gets my brain up in satalite mode just thinkin about it. for the longest time every time me and the funguy would chill id have molments where my soul would leave my body to be replaced by the one and only hunter s thompson haha crazy times. but like i said this is a great movie and id recomend it to any1 who likes to party and get loose. not much of a plot besides utter hysteria and chaos just like my life so i supose thats why i enjoy it so much. get this movie its great
B000002J1Y|3.0|Musically, this album has it's great and muddled moments. I saw YES when they first played second or third bill in small halls in the U.S., and I also saw them several times in their heyday after they made the transition to large arena act. My feelings about live albums in general is that they are like pale imitations of the studio works (like a paper copy of an image thats become recopied from copies a hundred times until it has distorted the original). Of course there are exceptions (the Allman's old Fillmore recordings being among their best work). In some cases the tendency to somewhat speed up the meter when playing live can make for better performances, but these recordings are not better than the studio counterparts. Yes, you can almost hear the adrenaline rush (and 'fear') coursing through the players veins as the now try to connect with the last row of the arena. But later in their career they got better at playing to the arena like it was an intimate theater setting. So this is a snapshot of that first era. For those who witnessed those shows it is a wonderful souvenir. Some of the performances are fantastic, some are not so good. Now for the sound: at the time when this was released, bootleg albums had come into their peak of cool underground status. Bootleg fans considered them to be precious 'insider fan' records. If anything, it made then want to buy more official records of the artists to round out their collections. Certainly professional sound recording at the time was developed enough to make great live recordings. The was not the case here. I honestly believe the record company was shooting here for a 'bootleg' sound to get people to want to buy the previous five albums.  Believe me, it worked to push sales of YES albums. All the nostalgia in the reviews here about the  vinyl LP sounding great is hogwash in my opinion. I had a good sound system in those days and had friends with 'very' good, very expensive sound systems'. The sound was never good. I'm convinced that most of the input is from miking the stage speakers rather than directly from the mic inputs. It's leaky, muddy, distorted, no isolation.<br />With that said, this is a good listen to catch the vibe of YES at the time, but only for true fans as a companion piece to the originals albums.I'm convinced that most of the input is from miking the stage speakers rather than directly from the mic inputs. It's leaky, muddy, distorted, no isolation.   With that said, this is a good listen to catch the vibe of YES at the time, but only for true fans as a companion piece to the originals albums.
B00002MZ4V|3.0|I was disappointed that Mr. Williams 1984 Olympics theme was not there. It started with the earlier version written by someone else, not the bugle fanfare at the beginning.
159448385X|5.0|It is difficult to imagine what life in Afganistan must be like for women and children. This is a highly emotional, thought-provoking story that left me feeling very, very grateful for the freedoms and privileges that I have.  Watching these two souls coming into the power and courage that grew out of their precarious situations was humbling.  The bonds that these people shared made me appreciative of the powerful women friends in my life.  This was a horrifyingly ugly, but ultimately beautiful journey, and I couldn't put it down.
B002N5N5R0|5.0|I received this item a few days after ordering it and it was in good condition I would purchase from this seller again in the future.
B001GWK2MC|4.0|Lots of fun... but needs to be for two kids.  My son loves it, but really only when he has some to jump with.  He is hyperactive and this burns his energy during the winter months.
0385339682|5.0|I loved this book for its insights into southern humor,culture,food,history,and human nature. Watching Willy grow up and mature was pure pleasure and I expect I'll return to read this story again and again. I have a friend from the North who \\"married Southern\\",and he has developed the most delightful accent. His humor and excellent storytelling skills are identical to Clanton's town characters, and it was not a far stretch at all for me to relax in their presence. Sometimes I laughed out loud, stayed up till dawn, gasped, and was once afraid to read the next page! I did not want to leave...
0312370849|5.0|This is a well written, historical novel.  I loved it from page 1 and knew nothing of the Vel D'Hiv. I wanted it to go on and on and would read Tatiana de Rosnay again in a minute. She is a talented author and it was extremely difficult to put the book down. I felt the pain for Sarah and can only imagine what it was like.
0061433047|5.0|Despite occasionally stiff dialogue and a nonstandard structure, this book made me incredibly happy. It focused on character details I remember noticing in other books, introduced great new characters and provided excellent (and sometimes exciting) check-ins on old familiar faces. It features a healthy dash of backfilling to bring previous setting inconsistencies in line, which always amuses me. And some of the underlying messages were nicely handled without being too heavy-handed. That said, people who have been disliking the ongoing evolution of the Discworld setting will probably not be thrilled-- by the end of the novel plot hooks for at least two other potential Discworld novels have been laid.
B00006IM9Q|5.0|[[ASIN:B00006JDR5 Blondie - Greatest Video Hits]] THIS IS A GREAT DVD! PERFECT SOUND,FREE OF DISTORTION, IT BEING NEW HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH MY OPINION, I'VE BOUGHT NEW DVD'S BEFORE THAT I'VE HAD TO RETURN JUST FOR SOUND QUALITY ALONE! I HAVEN'T BEEN DISAPPOINTED ONCE WITH AMAZON!! KEEP IT UP!!!
B00092ZMDY|5.0|Bought this for my Dad who loooooves the Eagles.  Didn't look to hard at the year it came from when purchasing and was surprised they were so old... but sounded even better than I had imagined they would!  This concert ROCKS!!!!
0316098337|3.0|Review posted 1/8/11 on [...]<br /><br />The first thing to applaud about this novel is the author's brave choice of narrator: 5-yr-old Jack. If you have a young child, or are around them much, you know how they talk: repetitive, aimless, droning, suddenly excited, generally happy, inquisitive. Jack is no different. You'd think having a voice like this tell a story for over 300 pages would be an impossible mission. Who can listen to that voice for so long? But as a mother of two boys that age, let me tell you two things: Jack's voice is perfect, and Jack's voice will make you fall in love with him.<br /><br />If you're familiar with the book, you know the premise of the story: Jack and his Ma live in Room, which is the windowless (except for a skylight) backyard shed of an abductor named Old Nick who got his hands on Ma when she was a college student 7 years earlier. Ma is raped several nights a week in Room, which is how Jack comes about. Ma gives birth to Jack in Room, alone, and has raised him in an 11x11 space for 5 years. But then here is the interesting part about the story: Jack doesn't know there's anything else in the world except Room. To Jack, Room is the whole world. And Ma lets him believe that, which is both gorgeous and heartbreaking.<br /><br />For Jack, things in Room have an importance like continents, oceans and countries do in our world. Donoghue capitalizes them: Wardrobe, Bed, Rug, Skylight, and Outside. But Outside is just nothing. An outer space. A void. They have a TV, and Jack believes it's all pretend, broadcast from the Cartoon Planet, the Medical Planet, and such otherworldly places. But nothing he sees in the TV is real, or Outside.<br /><br />Some reviewers have remarked about the tedious sound of Jack narrating the story, but for me, it works (in the first half of the book). Here's why: even though Jack's speech is every bit what I described above, we hang on what he says because he's telling us about a place we don't know. Room. About an existence we don't experience -- not a trapped existence (for Jack doesn't feel trapped), but a sparse existence where even broken eggshells are precious to save and use as a toy. Jack and Ma show us how to treasure things. Small things. A birthday drawing. Rain on Skylight. Sundaytreat. The balloon he's aloud to blow up and play with on the first day of every month. And he wears out every last minute of fun with it. Ma counts the cereal she puts in their bowls each morning. This is a way to see life that we've long since left and forgotten. Jack might as well be describing the surface of Neptune. We are dying to know how it is there.<br /><br />The second half of the book works less well than the first half. Things change. I won't say what, but Jack's precious observations are not so precious anymore because he's describing things I know more about. His voice started to annoy me about two-thirds through the book.<br /><br />This book is well worth reading, and perhaps you'll feel differently about the back half than I do. As another Amazon reviewer very aptly put it: half a room is better than no room at all.nce -- not a trapped existence (for Jack doesn't feel trapped), but a sparse existence where even broken eggshells are precious to save and use as a toy. Jack and Ma show us how to treasure things. Small things. A birthday drawing. Rain on Skylight. Sundaytreat. The balloon he's aloud to blow up and play with on the first day of every month. And he wears out every last minute of fun with it. Ma counts the cereal she puts in their bowls each morning. This is a way to see life that we've long since left and forgotten. Jack might as well be describing the surface of Neptune. We are dying to know how it is there.    The second half of the book works less well than the first half. Things change. I won't say what, but Jack's precious observations are not so precious anymore because he's describing things I know more about. His voice started to annoy me about two-thirds through the book.     This book is well worth reading, and perhaps you'll feel differently about the back half than I do. As another Amazon reviewer very aptly put it: half a room is better than no room at all.
1926778103|4.0|Like previous costumers have already mentioned. The art inside the book is amazing. It's one of the most robust art books I've ever seen. It has tons of art inside, mostly on the concept art and less on the final production art.    The only downside is the binding. It starts falling apart the very first time you open it. Just be very careful with it.
B0034JKZ86|5.0|I couldn't wait for this movie to come out.  I love the wonderful new graphics that Disney has been using in their newer films, but the classic and age old charm of The Princess and the Frog captured my heart.  This is the film that makes one remember the beauty of Disney's artwork, and the hand-drawn animation wows the eye.<br /><br />The movie is gorgeous, filled with enchanting characters and believable villians.  The romance is there, as charming and romantic as the Disney films of the past.  The lovely Tiana and the egotistical Prince Naveen light up the screen from the moment of their first encounter, charming the viewer with their dialogue and antics.  The moral, as is evident in all Disney films, is so blatantly apparent---dream as much as you wish but, if you don't work at it, it ain't going to happen.<br /><br />The Princess and the Frog is a stunning bit of classic Disney that appeals to young and old alike---and the musical score is one that will leave you humming the words to  Evangeline for long afterward.<br /><br />\
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|An absolutely beautiful story!  Its not just for children, adults will need tissue too.  This movie will surely be one of your families heirloom additions to your dvd library.  A must have,  Enjoy.
B0046B8GEQ|5.0|My daughter and I watched this movie and loved it!!! It's too cute, and it will warm your heart! A must watch for any age!
B000HC2LI0|5.0|I'm really enjoying this boxed set.  The West Wing was one of my \\"must-see\\" television shows and its great to be able to view the program in the order it was broadcast.  I haven't gotten to any of the bonus options, but I'm looking forward to them.
B003UESJH4|5.0|I don't know how historically accurate it is, but this is a wonderful, uplifting story.  Both Colin Firth, as the man who would become King George VI, and Geoffrey Rush, as his speech coach, are sensational (Not so for the fellow who played Winston Churchill!). It is also refreshing that this film does not glamorize the relationship between King Edward VIII and Wallis Simpson.
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|It was a good book but not as good as the other two in the series.  All the death made me so sad. Then the ending seemed like they could make up an ending in the time frame so they rushed.  I am still on team Gale.
B001AQO3QA|5.0|I've been a huge fan of these movies and this is a great collection. The quality of the packaging and the movies themselves are amazing. Even though the first movie came out in 1979, the picture quality is quite good. If your a fan of the Alien movies, this is definitely the collection to have!
0061673730|4.0|Any book rejected from publication 121 times, now considered a classic is worth a read.  Don't let the title turn you off to the book; you don't need to have an interest in motorcycles to enjoy this book.<br />Anyone who has an interest in how scientific thinking struggles to mesh well into every day situations will benefit from this text.
1400079144|5.0|All of Dan Brown books are excelent and I never had a problem with Amazon, purchase or delivery.  Very satisfied with all aspects of product or delivery. I also bought last year, as a present, kitchen items.  All arived in great shape and always earlier then promised.  Thank you, Hermine
0618918248|5.0|Prof. Dawkins argues quite well for rationality in a topic which somehow received a \\"get out of jail free\\" card from criticism. As religion is a belief system, it should be no different than choosing a political affiliation; at the time someone is mature enough to choose they should be able to pick which they would like to be associated with (if one at all) because they have assessed each based on merit and identify with their choice.
B002SJKWZ4|5.0|Bought this as a birthday gift for a 60-something a friend who has, over the years, enjoyed Harry Potter with his friends.  He loves it!
B00436GNVC|4.0|I don't know why Endlessly is receiving so many critical reviews. I too, loved Rockferry. This isn't a bad follow-up at all. I've listened to it many times now, and consistently enjoy it. I'm glad I bought it before reading all the reviews, or I probably would have taken a pass.
0891419063|5.0|I haven't read many books lately that make me want to keep reading - this is one of them.  For me, I finished this book in record time.  The last book I read took me well over two months of airports and Sunday mornings to complete and it was pretty good.  This one I actually took time to read, that's how engrossing it was.<br />What Sledge does with his memoirs is simply tell a good story.  He doesn't gloss over things or embellish, he merely tells his version of what happened to him and his buddies during several hard fought yet forgotten battles in our history.  He also tries to impress upon the reader the foolishness that war is full of glory - it isn't - just a lot of killing on both sides for reasons some would say are rather foolish.  Sledge was profoundly changed by the war and you can see that in his writings.  I am saddened that this man lived very close to me when I was in Birmingham and I never knew he existed.  I wish I had as I would have liked to talk to him before he left us.<br /><br />Like many new readers, my introduction into WWII history was strictly the European front.  It's funny because my dad served in the Army and fought in New Guinea during the war but his lack of speaking about it and Hollywood's lack of coverage led me to brush it off.  My interest was piqued by Flags of Our Fathers and went from there.  I was amazed at the Japanese sense of war and honor and what a terrible foe they must have been.  God help any like Sledge and Dad who had to face them.  If you're looking for history from the viewpoint of a foot soldier this is your book.<br /><br />If you're Army, like me and Dad, you'll be a little upset at the lack of respect Sledge seem to give the Army by failing to capitalize their name as opposed to always using a capital \\"M\\" for Marine.  Call it picayune but at first I thought it an oversight then it started to irritate me very much.  The Army fought just as hard and had just as much \\"esprit de corps\\" as any other branch of the service.  All due respect to the Marines but they don't have any lock on greatness.  At any rate, you won't be sorry if you get a copy for your library.ervice.  All due respect to the Marines but they don't have any lock on greatness.  At any rate, you won't be sorry if you get a copy for your library.
B001UV4XX8|1.0|This film has it all. Bad to terrible acting (with the exception being Frank Langella) by characters that are as unbelievable as they are inconsistent. The simple \\"moral\\" premise is drawn out with so many ridiculous twists and turns that the writer(s) must have been paid by the word. The only reason I watched to the end was to see what other convolutions they would throw in to make this silly movie seem like a thought provoking film. The premise and moral questions are sound, but it should have remained a short story...
B0000258CK|5.0|This was a gift. I was afraid with the holiday mail they would not arrive before Christmas. Everything got here in good time and packaged nicely with all return info in case a return was necessary. It was a very easy and pleasurable transaction. My friend was surprised and pleased.
B0042JH05I|3.0|I have been listening to Phil Collins from the time he was the drummer for Brand X playing jazz rock fusion and released some really Good Albums over the years and one was Morrocan Roll also saw him Live with Genesis back in the 80's and again playing with Eric Clapton so had to get a copy of Going Back Live At Roseland Ballroom NYC 2010, a Well Recorded Blu Ray with a Good Picture & Sound and Talented Musicians but was disappointed with the live performance & was expecting a better show with more guitar bass drums and so on ... This Live concert is more like a motown top 10 o pop hits playing & singing 26 songs :Intro Signed Sealed , Delivered (I'M Yours) , Ain't Too Proud To Beg , Girl (Why You Wanna Make Me Blue) , Dancing in the Street , (Love is Like A)Heatwave , Papa was a Rollin' Stone , Never Dreamed You'd Leave in Summer , Jimmy Mack , You've Been Cheatin' , Do I Love You , Loving You is Sweeter Than Never , Going To A Go-Go , Blame it on The Sun , Ain't That Peculiar , Too Many Fish in The Sea ,  You've Really Got a Hold on Me ,  Something About You , The Tears of a Clown , Nowhere to Run ,  In My Lonely Room ,  Take Me in Your Arms Rock Me A Little While , UIptight (Everything is Alright) ,  Going Back , Talking About My Baby , You Can't Hurry Love and My Girl ... so if you're a Fan & into motown hits theres a good chance You'd like this Blu Ray concert in spite of the average performance  .
0141442468|5.0|Beautiful beautiful copy.  I was delighted to receive this in the post.  It looks like an aged piece of literature--which it is.  Such a great investment for any library.  The story, for those who do not know it, is absolutely a must read.  It is enriching and wonderfully crafted, but I despised all of the characters in the novel--for good reason.
B003A060K6|5.0|I really liked andorra and all of the Manitoba stuff.  But Swim is by far the best in my opinion.  Leave it to a math genius to mess with your eardrums like this.  Perfect...perfect...perfect!    And the Junior Boys version of Odessa is worth half the price of the CD or download.
B003ZSJ212|2.0|This is typical tyrannical behaviour from director's.  Another egregious example of tampering with a classic is Amadeus.  Where is there an original theatrical release to be found (laser disc, VHS).  Lucas and Milos Forman must've attended the same \\"lets' mess up the original\\" Oscar winning classics we, the PAYING audience cherished.
B001E45XT4|1.0|If you have a big fat head like me then don't buy this headset.    The good:  1. Looks nice    2. Hidden fold up microphone is handy    The bad:  1. Very uncomfortable. This headset is not flexible. It takes a good pound or two of force to pull the sides apart. This results in the headset clamping your head. Although the whole thing is adjustable, there is no position where it feels good.  When I started this review I thought I'd leave 3 stars since it works and the price wasn't too much. But I actually had to take the headset off while writing this as it's giving me a headache now. So 1 star for you.    2. Not much bass.    3. Plantronics headsets used to come with a 9 foot cord, but now the cords are 6 feet. This might be an issue if you want to plug it into the back of your PC that's under the desk. So their company saved 3 cents.    4. For some reason the volume doesn't start at zero. Not a huge issue, but it bothers me that if you turn the volume all the way down you can still hear audio. No idea why they did this.    Other:  1. Didn't check the audio quality of the mic    2. It's hard to tell from the photos, but the volume control is a dial. It looked like some kind of button to me before I ordered. The thing that looks like a rectangular button is a switch to mute the mic. This whole control seems larger than it needs to be, but it just hangs there on the cord so it's not a big deal.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|Just a note to everyone. NONE of these reviews listed below review the BluRay edition. All these reviews are discussing the old DVD release. There is no review available for the BluRay edition. Shame on Amazon for tacking on the DVD reviews to this product. I have no idea if this BluRay set is the same as the DVD set, or not. Some clarification by Amazon would be greatly appreciated!
B0041CGP02|5.0|World-renowned music icons Bon Jovi are releasing a career-spanning greatest hits compilation November 9th on Island Records. Bon Jovi GREATEST HITS will transport listeners back in time through Bon Jovi's worldwide monster hits of the past and offer a bridge to the future with the debut of four brand new tracks.  \\"Music marks milestones in all our lives,\\" notes frontman Jon Bon Jovi. \\"These songs have stood the test of time and they remind us all where we came from, even as we keep our eyes towards the future.\\"  Bon Jovi GREATEST HITS will be a 16-song single disc chock full of the band's biggest chart-toppers including \\"Livin' On A Prayer,\\" \\"Always,\\" \\"It's My Life,\\" \\"Wanted Dead or Alive,\\" and \\"Who Says You Can't Go Home.\\" Two new songs, including lead single \\"What Do You Got,\\" round out the tracklisting on the single disc album.  The double-disc version will contain these 2 new tracks as well as two others, \\"The More Things Change\\" and \\"This Is Love, This Is Life\\".
B0034KVTIK|5.0|A landmark recording in more ways than one \\"Incognito/Live in London\\" demonstrates the international appeal of the group, showcasing its musicianship, its versatility, and its downright funkiness and smooth delivery.<br /><br />There is not a wasted track on the disc and it's obvious from the crowd's responses, the evening was one that was quite memorable.<br /><br />For anyone unfamiliar with the ensemble, this live recording is a great introduction to the popular group.
B0032JTV6U|5.0|This is actually a birthday gift for a friends daughter so we haven't watched the DVD.  My friend was SHOCKED at the GREAT price of this product.  And I am shocked at how fast it arrived....that being 2 days BEFORE the expected arrival date.
B000JQU1VS|4.0|This is a really fun book. It`s set in the old english times, but it is really easy to read. Sir Arthur Doyle is a man I would love to write with. The stories are awesome!
030746363X|5.0|Loved Tim's first book, and this is a great follow-up. Both changed my life within days of reading them. Read the book over thenholiday break and within 2 weeks have lost 10 lbs and 5.5 inches. Tim can come of cocky at times, but it's part of what make the writing interesting and entertaining. And no one should miss the chapter about the 15 minute female orgasm!!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Bought as a gift 2 weeks before Christmas. Came within 4 days. Great fast service. Will definitely order from amazon again.
B00006G8K0|5.0|This was my first Hammer Horror film, and it didn't disappoint.  It loosely follows the original story, taking some liberties here and there.  But the changes are refreshing.  And the cinematography is gorgeous.  Christopher Lee is great as Dracula.  But the star here is Peter Cushing as Van Helsing.  Watching him analyze the situation, then (sometimes literally) leap into action was a treat.<br /><br />I definitely recommend this to any Dracula fan.  And, heck, the price is hard to beat!
B002BU0DPE|1.0|These had decent sound quality, I barely used these and was never rough with them but the plastic was so weak on these that they just fall apart. trash product, now i have to super glue this piece together of trash don't buy it. I have $10 headphones i've had for 3 years that i use on a daily basis that haven't had ANY problems and i use this thing for maybe 10-20 hours the entire year i had it and it breaks like this.... avoid this product
B0040QYROK|4.0|Ignore the one star reviews -- they are almost all from previous releases.<br /><br />Finally, a cut of Metropolis that's as complete as we will probably ever see.  Add in the full original score and you have a great experience.  Yes, the newly found scenes are in pretty rough shape.  But it's not that bad if you are into the story at all.  I noticed the transitions, but it didn't turn me off from the movie at all.<br /><br />The only thing keeping it from five stars from me is a pretty sparse collection of bonus features.
B002XTBE6K|5.0|Wow! I never take the time to comment on anything here, but it must be said that this was the BEST PRODUCTION OF EMMA i've ever seen. I am constantly amazed by the BBC in their high quality productions. The screenplay adaptation is fantastic, there's wonderful costumes, color, locations, and Sam Sims wrote wonderful musical numbers for the show, and last but not least: this adaptation was BRILLIANTLY casted! It was absolutely splendid, and i cannot enfasize that enough.     The Bottom Line is this:  If you're a Jane Austen fan, YOU'LL LOVE THIS DVD MINISERIES. Purchase it Today!
B000HIVIOW|5.0|There are no voices in this movie, no dialogue, just visuals and music. It kept my children spellbound time after time. If you have children, you know they love to watch their favorite movies 100 times. This one is wonderful for all ages, you'll be just as spellbound cuddling with your kids watching this. Precious and heartfelt, it's worth every penny, and now it's not even expensive! Get it!
B002ZG9968|2.0|I am seriously wondering if there was some kind of nepotism or bribery of sorts involved in getting this script produced. Seriously. It is absolute garbage. The whole premise is insulting to the viewers and unrealistic. Now dont get me wrong, I am not uptight and against chick-flicks and good hearted, feel-good movies - I actually do like them - but this was seriously pushing even my limits.     So this woman (J. Lo) decides to use a turkey baster to have a baby. On the same day she just so happens to meet her dream man who likes her and wants her, no matter what (after she spent nearly 40 years not able to find at least one person to give her th time of day?). Anyway, she falls for him, we dont really know why - I guess it said so in the script so it must be true - but realizes that she is going to have a baby. So she tells this fool of a man what's going on and he somehow decides that the woman he met like 5 minutes ago is totally worth turning his life upside down for, quitting school and his dreams etc, so he can be the father to HER children and support them. YEAH RIGHT.     First of all, such a scenario is completely far-fetched to the point of BSing the viewers. What man is willing to commit to being a father and family man after only a week of knowing someone? If i met a man who was, I would seriously question their sanity. Secondly, there is no way that in real life someone like J Lo would be single at that age and desperate enough to have to resort to artificial insemination.  That's just not how life works. Sorry.     I give it two stars because the comedy was decent, as well as the lesbian self-help group (despite grotesque clichs of lesbians) and i do like JLo, but story and script wise I would say: such movies should give aspirting writers in Hollywood new hope because if crap like this can be produced, so can their stuff which I doubt is worse. It also means that if they do write something terrible, they need not worry, as apparently there is more going into producing a script than quality.
B0015DROBO|5.0|one of the best thrillers i have read in a very long time.  i highly recommend this to everyone, thriller lover or not.  it doesn't get very suspenseful until halfway through but dont be discouraged.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|We had been looking all over for the 3rd season and hadn't found it until I looked here...It was delivered quicker than estimated and we have been watching it over and over ever since...I can't wait for season 4 to come out on video...We will definitely be buying that one here too!
0393072231|5.0|It's a book about the economy collapse due to the subprime mortgage market.  It was as expected when I ordered, not the most exciting read but very informative as to why things happened.    Thanks
B002ZG981E|5.0|Great movie pack for a great price. Blu-Ray, DVD, & digital copy for less than $20 (i purchased this the day it was released)
B002ZG98UA|2.0|Yes, this has plenty of action and special effects. Yes, there are attractive women (though you know the most attractive new character is going to get bumped off quickly, and she does). Yes, you know the big weasel is going to outlive most 'good guys' until he receives his final justice. So, no big surprises, and not a lot of sense, either. We know nothing nor care anything for these 'video game' characters (unlike, say, movies like \\"Aliens\\" or \\"Road Warrior\\"). Instead of creating some difficulty and drama for our heroine, the movie decides that the now \\"human\\" Alice can still swing from tall buildings, shoot her way out of millions of zombies, and vanquish a 12-foot tall mutant Executioner. What's the point?  The only good news for our future is that any females who survive a zombie apocalypse will apparently have a plentiful stock of eye liner, lip gloss, hair products and push-up bras.
B000FZET5W|5.0|I am a Monk  and Rollins fan from way back and I really enjoy this CD.  I recommend it to any true acoustic jazz fan or if you're just starting a collection.
B000TGJ7ZY|5.0|This is my favorite Dracula story, every scene is well-thought and the detail of a Copolla film is written all over it. There's no other way watching this but via Blu-ray.
067144901X|5.0|Great book it's super cute. We got it to help our special needs child Learn to talk. So far he is learning more sounds from the book
0739384198|4.0|Purchased from Amazon I no longer have the product# as I sold it back using Sell Back thru Amazon. I really enjoyed the unabridged audio CD it was a refreshing change from the \\"Who Done It\\".<br />I have read all 3 unabridged audio CD's.<br /><br />  I wish I could continue to enjoy more from this Author!
0312600844|2.0|It seems the editor of Freedom must have been a member of the Franzen fan club, oohing and ahhing over every word.  I seldom quit reading a book out of sheer exasperation and boredom.  I wasted precious reading time enduring 278 pages before giving myself permission to put the heavy thing down.  Makes a nice doorstop. That's the best I can say.
B0013O123Q|5.0|I read some of the reviews before I watched this movie, and almost did not watch it. That would have been a mistake. I will not lie, this movie is sexually and violently graphic. If you don't like those kinds of movies you turn away within the first 10 minutes. Irreverisble, for those who like a movie to challenge you as well as entertain, will be staring at the the screen all the way until the end, even the 2 minutes of nothing at the end.      Personally, I found the last 30 minutes the hardest to watch. I don't know why...
0938045695|5.0|Considering this is the guy who is generally given credit for the popularity of kettlebells in the west, I'm not surprised that the book is of high quality.  It gives a great deal of detail about what to do, and just as importantly what NOT to do, and is easy to follow as well as humorous.  I think it's a very good place to start if you're looking to start with kettlebells.  As a martial artist, I also liked that he seemed to refer to martial arts throughout the text - it made me feel even more confident that I was making a good choice with my limited fitness time.  It may be a bit more expensive, but so is a trip to the chiropractor - I'd rather spend a little more and not get hurt.
0439023513|5.0|I wasn't going to write a review but I thought this book really deserved more than a 3 1/2... Probably somewhere near 4 and even though one review in a thousand won't help that much to boost it, I thought I'd do my part. (And on a side note, I thought her first 2 deserved more than a 4.5, but I guess ratings usually don't go between 4.5-5)        ----Spoilers... seriously-----    I have to admit first off that I'm bias towards existentialist/nihilist views about humans nature, and that didn't rub me the wrong way. But honestly, honestly, I wish they had a happier ending! Normally, I love a good sad ending but the characters suffered through so much and after I finished the book, all I wanted to do was shout, \\"Whyyyy?\\", oh and maybe cry a little and write her a letter begging to know more--    Which I think is my main problem with this book. The main ideas aren't impressive in my opinion -an evil monarchy-type government and games where people kill/hunt each other- because they're not mindblowingly unique; what really made me fall madly in love (imagine Peeta with these books, except they all had Katniss's face on them) was the author's details, particularly the hunting/survival/killing. Maybe it's because I'm a city kid but details such as having to strap your bag on a tree branch impresses the socks off of me. And in this book, you don't really get that.    Sure, you have it for about 50-ish pages when they enter \\"another hunger game\\" in the Capitol, but that's maybe it (and that mission ending without a climax didn't help). The details before it seemed a bit off (for ex. doing mechanical things like tying knots doesn't actually get your mind off anything, so it probably wouldn't have worked for Finnick; however, it would have worked at first for Katniss/Peeta because they would be learning something knew), the characterization a bit lacking at times (I still don't know what exactly are Gales and Peeta's personalities besides one is nice/fire-y, the other nicer/mellow-y, as they spend most of the book being typical-romance-novel-jealousy-boys and arguably fighting over Katniss more than independently developing characters; but as a bit of a romantic, I can easily, easily overlook this, haha), and situations not elaborated enough (so, say, when all we know is that Katniss looks down and sees pain and blood, it's hard to picture anything about her surroundings unless you want to stop and imagine it all yourself, such as where her group is and what they are doing for that entire page, before they finally show up later only to be narratively revealed that they have died almost mysteriously).      I'm sure there's more but why only pick on little issues when there's so much more that can be complimented? As for the specifics, I think a lot of the other reviews summed it up very well, so all I can eloquently say is this series is great stuff. Cried a few times (I actually think Katniss-hero-ness is pretty moving by action), has wonderfully depicted situations realistic enough to help you if you ever find yourself stranded in a forest with a bunch of kids you need to kill off (also cried some here), and the characters are so lovable that I spent an hour or so playing emo piano music after I finished Mockingjay, knowing I will never see them again (especially for people like Joanna, whose future is not talked about).    In a closing, I just wanna add if anyone is ever going to attempt to write a letter to Ms Suzzanne Collins, please tell me how it goes :). Oh, and consider asking her about what happens in the final hunger game! (The one with the Capitol's kids... yeah, that part felt incomplete too)
0312370849|5.0|This book was riveting, I couldn't put it down.  I learned so many things I never knew about and almost felt guilty about my ignorance.  I highly recommend this well written story to everyone.
0385738757|5.0|This book is as good, if not better than, the Maze Runner (book 1).  This book series will appeal to the same crowd as The Hunger Games.  It's a great read for any age over 10.  My son is 12 and I'm 37 and we both loved it!  My husband will be reading it next!
B003ZJ0ZX0|5.0|Love, love, love this CD. This guy is a breath of fresh air to the music industry. With a smooth and rhythmic voice and the use of his ever present guitar, Bruno Mars delivers on every level. He's creative, easy on the ears and original. It is very rare where ten out of ten songs on one disc can be played straight through. All of the songs are worth listening to and that's a plus for me.  Songs like \\"The Other Side,\\" \\"Just the Way You Are,\\" and \\"Runaway Baby,\\" make you want to sing right along with him. \\"The Lazy Song,\\" is a favorite of mine because it's totally down-to-earth and relatable. \\"Liquor Store Blues,\\" and his newest single, \\"Grenade,\\" also lend their own flavor to his album. If you are an avid hip hop/r&b/pop listener, then I'd absolutely recommend this CD because it takes a different approach to entertaining the listeners.
B003ZSJ212|3.0|Let me start by saying, none of us including myself should be reviewing an item on Amazon that hasnt even been released.  I agree with the fans who prefer to see the the saga as it was originally filmed.  Everyone that would prefer to see the \\"extra footage/ cleaned up version\\" I ask you this,  Can you be 100% sure that George isnt going to spring something on you in this release that you dont absolutley hate,  or even more simply, that the movies are going to look that much better (they are taking 33 yr old footage and 33 yr old special effects and giving you 1080p).  Are you serious??  I seriously doubt that the original saga can be remastered AGAIN to the point of WOW.  That being said, I will return to my original thought, \\"none of us know how this saga will look, at this time it is just SPECULATION AND OPINION, therefore Amazon should save some credibility and turn off the review links on items until they are released.
B003ZSJ212|4.0|Ok, so these are special editions.  Well Mr. Lucas, can you fix that fugly looking Yoda in the first movie, episode 1?  I mean, he looks worse in that movie than the puppet.  Hell, he isn't much improved in the 2nd one either.  And fix Jabba in episode 4...too cartooney, and maybe even small.    I'd love to see Han shoot first, hehe, but whatever.  I have the original one's on dvd that were released as bonus disc's, and those are just fine.  The prequal trilogy is lame and silly, but eposide 3 is cool.  What , , more could I say about the classic original trilogy.  But for real, I kind of like the special edition versions, but they added a bit too much to episode 6. My question, why the first set doesn't get fixed up as well.  Yoda looks like his distant crack addicted cousin did a stand in, wtf??  That first movie needs some tweaking.      I hope they release the extras that were on the laserdisc and include into the movie Luke constructing his lightsaber.  Anyways, looking forward to the blu.
0425166805|5.0|A real eye-opener...Gives a completely viable perspective on the mysteries of the universe. Challenges religions, yet does not negate God. Read it!
030746363X|5.0|What makes this book unique is that it's not about one thing, such as diet, or exercise, it's about everything that has to do with your body.  Being a computer geek, I like hearing it called \\"hacking your body\\", because that's effectively what you're doing.  The author gives real world advice on how to \\"hack\\" your body and achieve the results you are looking for.  The only book I can think of that might be in the same class as this book is \\"[[ASIN:1439164967 YOU: On A Diet Revised Edition: The Owner's Manual for Waist Management]]\\", which was also very comprehensive, though not quite as accessible or \\"real life\\" as this book.  A lot of what \\"You On A Diet\\" recommended is hard to find for someone like myself, living in the mid-west.  The vast majority of what is recommended in The 4-Hour Body is available at any grocery store or someplace like GNC or Vitamin Shoppe (or Amazon.com).    This book is refreshing because it doesn't assume you are stupid.  It talks to you like normal people, without ever talking down to you, and also does not get hung up in the scientific jargon and double-speak.  It does, however, take an occasional detour in a side-bar to give the geeks in the audience something to drool over.  Just enough science to get you to smile, nod, and exclaim, \\"Cool!\\".    Tim tells you up front that the book is not meant to be read from cover to cover, so just dip in and find a topic you are interested in, and have at it.  He also gives recommended reading depending on certain goals.  I read the sections I was interested in most about 2 weeks ago, and I can tell you, the man knows his stuff.  After 1 week of following his \\"slow carb diet\\", I lost 11 lbs.  Because I'm a gentleman (sorta) I won't go into another section that worked well.  Let's just say don't knock it until you try it.    I guess that's what I'd like to close this review with.  Don't knock it until you try it.  Don't try to debunk something that's not bunk.  Try what is recommended in the book, and then report back whether or not it works for you.  Period.  If you haven't tried it, you can't speak out against it, now, can you?
B001DXS4E2|3.0|First off, White Christmas is a classic and is SO much better than this movie, regardless of what other reviewers say. You just can't top White Christmas. The songs in Holiday Inn were beyond awful, save for the song 'White Christmas', of course. The only thing that saved this movie was the dialogue and humorous happenings. There were parts that made me laugh so hard I was crying but most of it just made me slap my head.<br /><br />That said, it was definitely worth watching once, but it won't be replacing White Christmas as my family-favorite for the holidays.
B000002I97|5.0|.....I was thirteen when my best buddy turned me on to John Prine.  He's been a major contributor to the soundtrack of my life, and has never let me down.
B000025JVJ|5.0|The first time I got this album was on cassette in 1988.  I was a kid and knew a few songs by The Go-Go's and Belinda.  My cousin had the tape and I asked her if it was good, she said yes.  I begged my mom to take me to the store so I could get one, and she did.  It was one of those albums that I liked on the first listen, it made a lasting impression and stands well over time.  To this day it is one of my favorites.  It brings back happy memories from childhood and it is a great slice of pop music.  It is very 80s and also timeless.  Heaven is a classic song, Circle in the sand is relaxing mid-tempo pop, Should I Let You In and We Can Change are catchy, I Get Weak was a big hit, Nobody Owns Me is a fast-paced rocking song.  The whole album is good.  Fool For Love is my favorite, it's catchy, upbeat, and I think it would've made a great radio single.  The music on this album is lovely, upbeat, wistful, lush and memorable, and is overall different and much better than her debut.  Runaway Horses continued this sound and is another favorite, but I have always preferred this one.  I think it is her best album even though I enjoy them all.<br /><br />The album has an interesting atmosphere about it.  It mostly reminds me of summer and fall.  It evokes a lot of feeling of 1987-88.  I remember playing my tape countless times, and bought it on vinyl and CD 5 times over the years, including the recent remastered version that comes with a dvd.  I'll review that one another time.<br /><br />If you love 80s pop, it's a must-have.
B002ZG994U|3.0|So, this movie suffers the same problem as Indiana Jones 4 did... when it was over the top, it was WAY TOO FAR over the top. But, given that *understanding*, this is a very fun movie. Liam Neeson and Bradley Cooper are great in the film and you will have some out-loud laugh moments. (Actually: 3.5 stars)
B0013527I4|5.0|Loved watching this show as a child, and figured this would be a wonderful present.  The delivery was on time - thank you.
B0041T52S6|4.0|This was a great, original film. The premise of the main character (Scott) having to go through the levels of a video game to win his true love is done in such a fun way that you're smiling the whole time you're watching this movie. Many, many references to geek/nerd culture, so pay attention! Catch them all and maybe you'll win a bonus!  :-)
B00275EHJG|5.0|I had my grandchildren visiting from Europe last summer and we saw the Toy Story III in the theater.  We all laughed so hard!  I even heard, \\"Grandma, don't laugh so hard. People are looking at us.\\" When the offer came from Amazon came for a pre-purchase, I jumped at the opportunity. I bought two.  One for me and one to send in to by grandchildren.
B002ZG99A4|5.0|I needed some movies that would fit a very eclectic audience for New Year's Day movie night and I needed a guy genre flick. This movie is pure fun.   It's not thought provoking in any way.  It's just a grand romp and a nod to when movies did what they were supposed to do...purely entertain you.  That is all this movie does....provide entertainment.  Everybody loved it from 12-68,  men, women and tweens,  and we laughed a lot and oooh'd and awww'd over the  fight scenes, the cast, the explosions and the pure majesty of the 80's style buddy film mind candy.   No sex, no nudity, no horrific language, no message, no social conscience, no soliloquys,  and bless their hearts no  CGI, starry eyed teens, vampires, werewolves or conflicted lovers drama to be seen anywhere...nada...just  a lot of campy repartee, fists,  bullet and explosive laden good times.  You have sit back and be willing to take a ride on the improbable train, put your brain in neutral and just enjoy yourself.  If you can do that, this movie is a heck of a good time ride.
B003PIUBZS|5.0|enjoyed this show very much i saw it on cable and fell in love with it had to get dvd for my collection. pt 2 looks good but not the same actors but will watch any way and may order that also if it is good.
B002ZG976U|5.0|Do not know why the reviewers did not like this film.  It was one of the most enjoyable films of last year and have yet to talk with anyone who did not enjoy.  It is great to have such a fantastic movie musical again.  Cher is great as is Stanley Tuci but Christine steals the show with her big great voice.  The whole cast is wonderful, I do agree that Alan Cummings part must have been left on the cutting room floor but hope the extras on the DVD will include more of him.  Do not miss this film and now soon we will be able to order the DVD and watch it over many times.
B0031Y4A8U|5.0|There has been much said about the erratic quality of modern day vinyl, but here's one that surpasses expectations.  First let's acknowledge the great importance of this classic album, and how truely great it is.  I actually had'nt heard it in many years, but when I laid the needle down in the groove, the dark and powerful impact of this masterpiece hit me like a ton of bricks.  Every minute of this album is absolutely essential Black Sabbath.  In this album you hear the strong blues roots of heavy metal, that has seemed to fade away over the years.  \\"NIB\\" (Nativity In Black) is one of the great epic Sabbath songs, ranking up there with \\"War Pigs\\" and \\"Into The Void\\".      This Rhino reissue is really nice, faithfully restoring the packaging to it's original dark splendor, right down to the original green Warner Bros label on the vinyl.  The sound is powerful and crisp, about as good as it gets for new vinyl.  If you're a Sabbath fan and are into vinyl, you can't go wrong with this one.  Highly recommended!
B00005N6KG|5.0|Why would anyone spend more for earphones to be used at the gym?  The plastic headpiece keeps the earphones in your ears and comfortably so. Earbuds may be comfortable, but if you're exercising they tend to fall out.  The sound is perfectly adequate.  I'm sure that for serious listening, someone might want better, but for use with an mp3 player, these are great.    As with all such earphones, after a lot of use the wire inside the cord tends to loosen near the plug, and that's when they need to be replaced.  I buy a few at a time, and they last 7-8 months, with 4-5 uses per week at the gym. I think that's pretty good, especially for the price.
B004GNYGTI|4.0|This movie reminded me of long kiss good night with Geena Davis. Although there was no humor the story was very good. I want Salt 2!
B00000K3CR|5.0|I loved \\"Big\\" with Tom Hanks and thought my little friend CJ, who is 9 might also like it. The movie is over 30 years old, but he thought it was great. He has been to FAO Schwartz in NYC and played on the giant keyboard and was thrilled to see Hanks tapping out a tune, too. I recommend this classic for kids of all ages.
B002SR2PKG|5.0|I have read this book for free three times. But yet I had to buy it. This book energizes me . It makes you go back to being a kid again and reliving the freedom you felt riding your favorite bike.I will enjoy this book and try to remember how it was to be a child again.
0393061310|5.0|No other book has so dramatically changed the way I think about history or re-framed the way I look at the world. The information is repetitive, as some other reviewers have noted, but for me it was helpful reinforcement.
B0014U4X3U|4.0|I have always considered myself a reader.  I was wrong.  Since the kindle has made it easier to get and read the classics, I have just started reading them.  I will say the mobi versions are the best.  This particular collection has just a few flaws but they are easy to overlook when you are engrossed in the story. I guess the biggest flaw is in Sense and Sensibility.  When you get to an illustration, the description of the illustration is the starting line of the next page instead of at the bottom of the illustration, which makes you feel like you are reading a sentence again.
B000002PCS|5.0|I consider this one of the best musical scores ever written for movies. The music is almost a part of that movie as is cinematography or costumes or acting. You cannot separate it from the movie. John Barry has written many great scores, and won the Oscar many times in the category. I was shocked that he was not even nominated for an Oscar this movie. It is a wonderful romantic story that is not only enhanced by the music but the score is an integral part of the story. With every piece of the score, I can remember the scene. I can visualize it, complete with the dialogue and how the music was used there. Rachmaninoff's rhapsody on a theme by Paganini is a perfect fit to the story, the setting and the mood of the movie. The main theme is beautiful. The music is powerful during the hypnosis scene, soft when old Elise returns to the hotel, when Richard sees the photograph, during Elise's impromptu monologue, always maintaining the mystical quality the movie has. It is a must have.
B002ZG981E|5.0|Drama is intense and very detailed on the subject. Did not loose attention for even a moment. Great cast. So far, have seen it three times. Love it.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|What a great album!  These guys combine the sort of gypsie look and sound you may associate with Eastern Europe with everything from American/Roots to Traditional Irish.  I can't wait until their next album.  Timeless melodies and absolutely poetic lyrics make this album a great listen to be enjoyed over and over again!  Highly recommended!!
B002HFJ77S|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  The only Sophie Kinsella book I have not read is the Mini-Shopholic.  Twenties Girl  this is by far my favorite.  It is funny and touching.   I actually shed tears at the end, which has never happened when reading anything by Sophie Kinsella.  Highly recommended.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Star Wars arrives at the highest quality available to us today. I have been a fan for decades now, have owned many of the Star Wars films on various media, including the DVDs, and while they look great on the 2004 release, this Blu-Ray transfer should prove to be a welcome update.    I love these films, the entire Saga, and I say that without an ounce of shame. I stopped getting into petty rumbles with whiney fanboys who debate the films into oblivion; inconsequential arguments about prequel vs original, SE vs unaltered, Greedo shooting first or last, etc, are all fruitless and ruin the ability to just enjoy the films without idiotic squabbles over insane minutia cluttering the experience. Thankfully more than enough media has been released for Stars Wars and both the Special Addition AND completely unaltered Originals are available to enjoy.    For those looking for the amazing original, unaltered classics they have been available on DVD for years now for us all to appreciate. And contrary to a few disgruntled fans' endless prattle, the originals look perfectly fine on these DVDs. Here you go:    [[ASIN:B000FQJAIW Star Wars Episode IV - A New Hope (1977 & 2004 Versions, 2-Disc Widescreen Edition)]]    [[ASIN:B000FQJAJG Star Wars Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back (1980 & 2004 Versions, 2-Disc Widescreen Edition)]]    [[ASIN:B000FQVX78 Star Wars Episode VI - Return of the Jedi (1983 & 2004 Versions, 2-Disc Widescreen Edition)]]    So I celebrate the release of the entire Saga, warts and all, on Blu-Ray. The good far outweighs the bad, and it's time for the greatest film franchise of all time to be seen in all it's Blu-Ray glory.    And for those still hot about the unaltered versions not being transferred to blu-ray? Hold out, because you know it's just a matter of time before Lucas buckles and releases those as well.
B003X27L9U|5.0|Excellent book! The first time I read or even have heard of the author. The way in which she describes life in the room as well as outside through her son; Jack, made me think about everything we take for granted. Above all this book is about a mother's love and her will to do the very best for her son.
B003O86FMW|5.0|I really LOVED this book because the Quarter Quell was so different than the regular Hunger Games. The Capitol is so evil!
B004DK5CW4|5.0|This happened before my time,so I didn't know the outcome.  This had me on the edge of my seat almost hollering and cheering with the crowds during the racing parts.  This is a wonderful movie worth anyones time to watch.  Diane Lane was wonderful in this as she always is in all of her films.  I'm so glad she was the one in this movie.   If you've got 2 hours of free time,watch it,you won't regret it!
192076920X|5.0|This book seems daunting due to its sheer size, but don't be fooled. Let it be known that I'm not a five-star kind of girl. I give three stars, the occasional four, but NEVER five. However, this book is most definitely a five. It's gripping, it's funny, it's sad, it's interesting...I started it on the plane ride back from visiting Mumbai and have been thinking about a return trip ever since. Roberts captures Bombay perfectly from all aspects of the city.  Read this, you will not be disappointed.
B001TH16DS|5.0|Ah, I watched every episode back in the early seventies.  I was a preteen.  I guess I was what would later be called a Trekkie.  Now I bought the season 1 series on BD.  I was hesitant after reading some negative reviews dealing with the restored version.  As the BD provides us with both the original and the restored version -- the latter CGI enhanced -- one is free which version to watch.  But I want to focus on the restorations.  Well, the original STAR TREK series have never looked as good as they do now.  I like the pure nostalgia of the original visuals, of course, but I also like the restored version, and this for the following reason:  they have chosen the golden mean.  The FX look more 'sophisticated', yes 'updated', but there is no exaggeration here.  Visually, everything perfectly fits.  The question one should ask is:  If the makers of the original series would have had the means to create these effects, mattes, CGI, etc, would they have done it in this way?  I think the answer is yes.  The people who created this BD version probably kept this in mind while working on it.  There is nothing wrong with this restored version.  Overall, it remains faithful to the original atmosphere, I never got the feeling they visually raped it.  And I guess the fact that this new version exists is proof that Kirk, Spock, Bones, etc,  are still very well alive in the 21st century.  I think these BD releases are the ultimate version to own.  Can't wait to buy season 2 & 3.
1410430103|2.0|I liked the suspense of this book through the first couple hundred pages but started to feel like it was just too stretched out to sustain the momentum.  More importantly, I could forgive one or two of the coincidences and unlikely situations, but the last hundred pages strained credibility too much for me -- and, far worse, used too many bad thriller cliches.    Spoiler-ish alert:  When Reacher is given a certain amount of time to find Hubble, that's straight out of all the worst movies where the bad guy says \\"You have ONE HOUR!!\\" thus allowing the good guy time to hatch a plan and rescue everyone.  These are vicious men who enjoy torturing people for fun; why wouldn't they do the same to Reacher (or Roscoe and Charlie), get an answer out of him and go get Hubble themselves?  And really, no harm came to the women at all?  That's just too nice and convenient.      In the end I was disappointed; I was all set to buy book #2, but -- nah.
B0041KKYDI|3.0|Note: Certain Spoilers, but considering you probably have heard of this true story, this should be no surprise!<br /><br />Slumdog Millionaire may be the most sentimental film that won the Best Picture Oscar in recent years, but it did turn Danny Boyle in a household name-for a director. Despite the great screenplay, and fabulous musical score, one must give some credit to Boyle for granting such steady pace to that film that may have lost its emotional side, and become an overly violent caricature of the slums, in the hands of another director. One must give him utmost respect for trying this after the worldwide success of that high budget award winner, considering how low-key and modest this is in scope.<br /><br />This film is based on a true story that should not be unfamiliar for most westerners, or at least Americans. In 2003, the real Aaron Ralston actually experienced, and outlived this incident which is so conveniently presented in 2010 by Danny Boyle and James Franco, as Ralston. Aaron is an adventurer, a hiker, and an individualist who loves to appreciate the beauties of the Utah Desert all by himself.<br /><br />This incident begins possibly like any of his other trips. He sets out alone, rides his bike near his destination, getting a few bruises on the way, and meets a few confused hikers, eventually leading to the BOULDER. His charisma shines in his conversation, and enthusiasm in reacting with the two female hikers, played by Amer Tamlyn and Rooney Mara. It is notable of his personality that Mara's character falls for him not due to any romantic gesture on his part, but his adventurous nature that pulls everyone in.<br /><br />In the first thirty minutes, Aron has contact with humanity, from phone messages to his friendship with the girls, his 127 hours has yet to arrive. After his hand is caught, however, he loses all contact with humanity for the rest of the film-besides the closing minutes. The decision to make a film that centers on more than seventy minutes of literal isolation was a dangerous one. For this tactic to work, one needs to have a fascinating story, and an amazingly charismatic protagonist and performance. If not, this film can become a mind numbing study of a character that bores and irritates the viewer. Worst of all, if the protagonist is not engaging, we are stuck with him for 3/4 of the entirety of the film. As such, the character must be so appropriate as to work for this idiosyncratic idea.<br /><br />Unfortunately, for more than a couple of reason, the delivery of Ralston's tale is not as smooth as it should be. Unfortunately, Boyle pushes the wrong buttons, engaging the audience excessively in the actual struggle, and makes Aaron's video recordings, dedicated to his family after his presumed death at this location, only an afterthought. Aron's actual struggle could be interested if the boulder did not confine his right hand so precisely that he has to spend day after day standing and leaning on the boulder.<br /><br />In this position Aron can only try to free his hand to, obviously, no avail, and chip at it with a dull knife. Unfortunately, Boyle focuses on this for a large amount of the seventy minutes, showing his failure each day to pull himself free with the knife, and countless pulleys. It's admirable how hard he tries to escape with the methods at his disposal, but, unfortunately, Boyle focuses on these elements that are well after the third day, and shortchanges in other areas.<br /><br />His recordings are fascinating, fueled by his regret that he did not tell anyone where he was going. It is filled with love for his parents, and his sister, and regret that he will not be able to attend his little sister's wedding. Considering how upbeat he is when recording these, addition of similar clips would have given the film a slightly optimistic and funny tone, without distracting the gravity of his situation. Boyle does the terminal crime of using a laugh track during one the funniestrecording involving an imaginary phone call from another \\"Aron.\\" There was no reason for this, as Franco exudes so much spirit in to this performance that we are grinning before the appearance of the laugh track, and when it does arrive, it seems as if the film developed in a melodrama.<br /><br />It is a shame that Boyle covers his past by showing his previous relationships, his boyhood years, his sister on the piano, and glimpses of his parents. It's fine that we learn more about Aron, but the frank retelling of his past seems vastly intrusive and explicit. It would have much preferred if this was done in a form of \\"confession,\\" and recorded on the camera. It would more personal, emotional, and grant the ability to elaborate on each memory. For the reasons, this is not a captivating film, BUT a heart wrenching incident. We cannot blame Boyle for showing Aron in such a light, because this is an actual event-not Boyle's fictional tale open to liberty. However, there is a difference between a Discovery documentary on the incident, or a magazine or newspaper article, and a motion picture. Boyle either gives Aron's tale the wrong treatment, or this this incident is untranslatable to a film; however, my gut tells me the latter is possibly more valid. In its current form, 127 Hours is a powerful document of humanity's struggle for survival, but not necessarily a good film. Many films fall to this fate, most famously the original Godzilla film: Gojira. It, too, was a tremendous document of man's misuse of technology for warfare, but was a weak film with a dated, soggy, monster-even for its time. Aron's story does not necessarily need to divert from the facts, however Boyle's version fails with the straight forward factual approach.<br /><br />James Franco performance has been singled out, and he is bound to be nominated for an Oscar considering the hype surrounding the film as of now. My major concern with the performance is that it is too isolated, and one-note. Let us analyze what Franco does in this film: He tries to free his hand by brute force, he stabs that damn flesh, he amputates it, he records his thought while stuck on the boulder, daydreams, and reminisces about the past. All of these occur while he is the \\"prisoner\\" of the boulder. Franco often plays it better than accepted, but this character has not much to offer us, due to his condition. There is the occasional groan and laugh from Aron, but he is isolated, and after a few days he is just too drained to offer the audience any insight in to his life. He is ready for death, and he just sees no possible path to survival. Franco embodies Aron pretty well, yet the character is too two dimensional, allowing Franco little ingenuity. The issue is that he cannot be three dimensional, for his lack of communication with any outside source. Even Tom Hanks in Cast Away was able to interact with his environment, and especially the ball, \\"Wilson.\\" As good as Franco is in this film, Boyle needed a more charismatic and subtle comedic actor. Even in interviews, Franco shows himself to be overly shy, and this shows here where Aron is unable to utilize the segments he records for his family. Someone like Jake Gyllenhaal would have done much better in these scenes, and would have allowed Boyle to make these scenes insightful. Franco is fine, but Aron's 127 hour imprisonment leaves him unable to leave a significant impression. Sure, the amputation scene is horrifying, but what does Franco do afterwards than scream his balls off? Then again, what could anyone else add to this scene?<br /><br />127 Hours conclusion may seem bittersweet, yet it is euphoric because he escaped that damned condition. He lost part of his hand, gaining much more: The ability to live, witness his sister's wedding, and finally tell his parents of his love for them. Overall, this film depends on the endurance of the viewer to understand that the main stars of this film are Aron, his \\"imprisoned and eventually amputated hand, and a \\"cruel\\" boulder. If they can live with more than eighty minutes of watching Franco and this boulder fight till one victors over the other, this may be the film for them.d by brute force, he stabs that damn flesh, he amputates it, he records his thought while stuck on the boulder, daydreams, and reminisces about the past. All of these occur while he is the \\"prisoner\\" of the boulder. Franco often plays it better than accepted, but this character has not much to offer us, due to his condition. There is the occasional groan and laugh from Aron, but he is isolated, and after a few days he is just too drained to offer the audience any insight in to his life. He is ready for death, and he just sees no possible path to survival. Franco embodies Aron pretty well, yet the character is too two dimensional, allowing Franco little ingenuity. The issue is that he cannot be three dimensional, for his lack of communication with any outside source. Even Tom Hanks in Cast Away was able to interact with his environment, and especially the ball, \\"Wilson.\\" As good as Franco is in this film, Boyle needed a more charismatic and subtle comedic actor. Even in interviews, Franco shows himself to be overly shy, and this shows here where Aron is unable to utilize the segments he records for his family. Someone like Jake Gyllenhaal would have done much better in these scenes, and would have allowed Boyle to make these scenes insightful. Franco is fine, but Aron's 127 hour imprisonment leaves him unable to leave a significant impression. Sure, the amputation scene is horrifying, but what does Franco do afterwards than scream his balls off? Then again, what could anyone else add to this scene?      127 Hours conclusion may seem bittersweet, yet it is euphoric because he escaped that damned condition. He lost part of his hand, gaining much more: The ability to live, witness his sister's wedding, and finally tell his parents of his love for them. Overall, this film depends on the endurance of the viewer to understand that the main stars of this film are Aron, his \\"imprisoned and eventually amputated hand, and a \\"cruel\\" boulder. If they can live with more than eighty minutes of watching Franco and this boulder fight till one victors over the other, this may be the film for them.
B004FTVUH4|5.0|Nikita is a great and entertaining show. I find the show has a little bit of romance, action, comedy, family, and more. Maggie Q is great as a kick ass spy and Shane West is absolutely scrumptious as Michael! Can't wait for the next season!!
B001GAPC1K|5.0|I bought this item for my cousin for Christmas...it arrived in a timely manner. It was in the exact condition specified by the merchant. I was very happy with this purchase. Thanks.
B002ZG99NG|5.0|Having seen and liked the theatrical version in the theatre, I did have some questions about why some aspects of the story line were given such short shrift. Now with the release of the Blu Ray version that has the entire film included (thirty minutes were cut from the theatrical), all of my reservations have been eradicated. The incomplete story lines were completed.    A classic tale of being a product of one's environment, this film looks deeply and profoundly into the difficulty of extricating oneself out of the only world one knows, and Afflect does a superb job throughout the film of expressing the angst and frustration of being implanted at birth into a hell hole. It's done well, and none of those restraining forces that typically keep residents glued to the place they are born into are neglected, with friends, indebtedness, women, and tradition combining to keep the would be self reformer from accomplishing his life change efforts.    Filmed in the area depicted, they get the tone of Charlestown right. This is a fine film made only better with the Blu Ray extended version, which is the one that should be seen. Five stars!!!!
B000P12LWY|5.0|This series is \\"Awesome!\\"  It is addicting.  Once you start, there's no way you can stop watching it.  I have seen all seasons twice and have started watching Season 1 again.  Love it. It has everything.
0525951652|1.0|Sorry Mr. Follett, but I got to page 168, closed the book and left it at the airport.  It had gone nowhere, completely failed to get me \\"hooked\\" and I simply said enough.
006145205X|5.0|If you feel safe and secure in your beliefs about burning coal, firing up nuclear power stations, curbing global warming, consuming local produce, and genetically modified crops -- then don't read this book! I warn you, this guy thinks rationally, and you won't come away unscathed, no matter which side of these particular debates (and many more) you current reside. Even on points where you agree with his conclusions, you may shift uncomfortably in your armchair as you begin to comprehend how comparatively shallow your reasons were.    Stick to books that leave you with a warm and fuzzy feeling that you have high motives and reasons to back them up, that don't actually sully you with logic or statistics.    The Rational Optimist brings together several disciplines such as genetics, economics, and some essential numeracy skills that may leave you thinking again about your beliefs.    It's a great read and deeply informative. Hard to put down, and argued soundly.
B00005JNJV|4.0|Initiation:<br /><br />This is a movie with some seriously gritty action. It begins with Bruce Wayne as a child and his first up close encounter with bats. A fear for this creature then grips him. After his parents are brutally killed for almost no reason, the transition cycle reaches a next level.<br /><br />The Missing Link:<br /><br />This movie provides the missing link, the element that transforms a scared young boy into a fearless force for justice. This link is located in Asia where he is mentored by Ninja Cult leader Henri Ducard (Liam Neeson) and Ra's Al Ghul (Ken Watanabe). He develops his fighting skills, however, he fails to fully develop the ability to kill.<br /><br />Launching the Batman:<br /><br />Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) finds that upon his return to Gotham City, that it has been overrun by criminals. It is at this point he activates his alter-ego: Batman.<br /><br />Conclusion:<br /><br />Excellent movie, lots of action. Intense and impactful conclusion. Highly recommended.
076115678X|5.0|Not to oversell this book, but it has changed my life. I once fought my curls with all that I had and thanks to this book I am learning to love my curls again. The newer 2nd edition is great because it is up to date and relevant for today's market of hair care products. It provides great pictures and instructions for each care and styling technique. The information is comprehensive for \\"white girl\\" curls, wavy hair, kinky \\"ethnic\\" curls, children's curls, men with curls, and even \\"chemo-curls\\" for those who have lost their hair to cancer treatments and are dealing with the hair that is growing back. There is information on what to look for and what to avoid in hair care products, information on how to trim your hair yourself, recipes for homemade hair treatments, styling ideas, the list goes on!    The new edition also has a DVD which shows you what the book tells you. It is a helpful supplement to the book. My only complaint with the DVD is that the videos seem a bit rushed and I wish they would have taken their time presenting the information. However since everything that is in the video is also in the book, you can still get all the information.     Honestly, if you have curly or wavy hair, get this book. Even if you do not follow the techniques completely, you will benefit from all the information in the book as well as the great \\"Curl Confessions\\" -- stories from fellow curly haired people that make you feel like you are not only battling with your hair. The book was the best $10 bucks I've spent in a long time.
142311339X|4.0|I was surprised that Riordan would break off from the Kane Chronicles after only one installment and re-start his Olympians.  This one is \\"The Heroes of Olympus\\" series.  The story starts off with a bus to a school for trouble kids and Jason wakes up not know who he is, where he is, yet holding hands with a beautiful girl (Piper) and another kid talking to him a mile a minute (Leo).  Soon it's evident that these kids are demigods...but not 13 like Percy Jackson upon his \\"extraction\\" to Camp Half-Blood.  These 3 are 15, unknown, and unclaimed by the gods.  To top it off, Percy Jackson disappears when Jason appears (as he was never a student at the school with a best friend and girl friend).  So who is Jason, where is Percy, why has Zeus closed Olympus, and who can kidnap Hera and imprison her?  Added to the mystery is the fact that Jason can't read Greek, but Latin, and he doesn't know the gods by their Greek names, only their Roman.  So who is Jason?  And where is Percy?  And how does this fit in with Rachel's Great Prophecy from the end of the last series?
B003UESJFG|2.0|I'm looking at some of these reviews right now, and wondering if Dreamworks paid some of these people here to write the reviews, because it seems I am in the minority yet again. :/<br /><br />This film is 1/3 a great movie, 1/3 a decent flick that could make for at least a decent studio filler before Dreamworks' Kung Fu Panda 2, and 1/3 a boring snoozefest that was deinitely not worth catching a 9 PM screening of. Maybe Dreamworks is starting to run out of original ideas- it seems to be their best animated stuff is adaptations- Shrek, How To Train Your Dragon, etc. Not to say I didn't like Monsters Vs. Aliens or Kung Fu Panda, but I feel as if when they derive, they are in their own little league.<br /><br />I saw the trailer with Toy Story 3. It looked like a good movie- Will Ferrell, Tina Fey, Brad Pitt, Jonah Hill, etc. That, plus its concept of a deconstruction of superhero movie seemed funny, except I already saw that 3 months beforehand when I went and saw Despicable Me 3D. Nonetheless I chose to ignore the warning signs and went in.<br /><br />The movie was working for 20 minutes. Especially in its opening scenes, with how we're introduced to how Megamind is apparently having the worst day of his life, as he is falling to his death. I will admit I laughed at the \\"Aw, a baby! How flattering.\\" line, the childhood was cute, and I was just generally loving it.<br /><br />Then the second act came, where Megamind was bored because he's officially defeated Metro Man and there's nothing to do. That's quite symbolic because not a lot happens (at least that I am able to remember for the life of me) happens in this period of time, except for Megamind posing as a janitor and falling in love with Tina Fey. This is where the film nearly made me fall asleep. At that point, I started worrying and kept thinking \\"Who approved of this deft, uneven script?\\"<br /><br />However, the last 10 minutes is where the film started to feel like it found its niche and at least passed for an entertaining action packed finale. It's like, there's a good 20 minutes of brilliance, an hour of boring filler, then 10 minutes of the brilliance that got the film off to a good start. As satisfied as I was that the film had a good last 10 minutes, 30 minutes out of 90 doesn't a good film make.<br /><br />It just seems like Dreamworks thought that they hit their mark with the stellar How To Train Your Dragon, found Universal was producing Despicable Me while someone had The Incredibles playing in the background and thought \\"OMG GUYS. UNIVERSAL HAS A SWEET CONCEPT. LET'S SEE IF WE CAN DO IT AND RISE TO THEIR LEVEL OF BRILLANCE. OH AND LET'S BRING IN SOME STUFF FROM THE INCREDIBLES!!!\\" I crap you not. I got reminded several times of Despicable Me and The Incredibles, which is not a good thing. It just shows that they felt like they needed more money, so after doing what was said above, they'd release it as a sort of filler flick for their paychecks before KFP2 came out. Because they've gotta keep bringing in bucks by the buckets somehow. It also doesn't help that the equally mediocre Shrek Forever After had the same feel, despite being better than Shrek 3.<br /><br />To be fair, a lot of the movie has a \\"going through the motions\\" feel to it. It seems like the writers got really lazy halfway into writing and went, \\"Hey, we released a real sleeper hit this year!!! No need to be creative or make sure people find the jokes funny, we can turn our grocery shopping lists into a 3D movie and it'd be a smash!!!\\". None of the jokes seem fresh. The plot seems bored and done a million times before. It just feels done, and I could have spent my money elsewhere.<br /><br />In short, Megamind is really just a boring movie, obviously released so Dreamworks can get more money. It just feels flat, tired, bored, done a million times before and even beautiful animation/good 3D cannot save this film from being the boring, convoluted mess it is. Skip it.<br /><br />Well, Pixar, it's safe to say you don't have to worry about your jobs anymore.
B003ZK58WM|5.0|I almost didn't buy this book, due to the average reviews.  My first assumption was that the book must be a dud.  However, once I read a few of the 1-starred reviews and realized that they were from consumers who were bitter about the Kindle price, I changed my mind.  And I'm really glad that I did, because I enjoyed the book immensely!  Yes, it's a few cents more than the (discounted) hardcover price.  However, it's still considerably less than the list price (which you'd pay in most bookstores).  And the length and quality of the book are worth it.    I, personally, think of my kindle as a convenience, not as a way to save a buck.  Go to the library for that.  And quit your whining.
B000PHX4VA|5.0|After numerous single disc compilations and and glorious 4 disc complete recording collection, this 2 disc set tries to bridge the difference. It includes their first non-album single \\"Fallout\\" and goes all the way through with the non-album final track, Murder By Numbers. All the other essentials are here from all the albums that you would expect on a greatest hits album along with tracks loved by rock radio like Driven To Tears. If there's a few minor quibbles, I'd question if the set is going to include rather minor tracks like Voices Inside My Head or Rehumanize Yourself if it wouldn't be better served by other songs. Aside from that, these are the essential tracks from one of the greatest bands of the New Wave era.
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|Purely Intense Action! This movie is about extremes, and when they collide. The two main objects that make an impact in this film are:<br /><br />[1] Batman AKA Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale)<br />[2] The Joker (the late Heath Ledger)<br /><br />Batman is the immovable object for justice, while the Joker is an unstoppable force as an anarchist mastermind.<br /><br />The Joker is completely vicious and makes the previous incarnations of the Joker look like only circus clowns. Batman is also set on stopping the Joker, and the Joker brings out his brutal side.<br /><br />In my opinion, this is the best Batman movie EVER!!!
B00275EHJG|5.0|This is a movie the kids love. Toy Story is a movie every kid even the bigger kids remember when they were little. That is why Toy Story will be a Timeless movie forever. Even my 12 year old wanted to see Toy Story 3. I even loved 3 as a mother that that doen't enjoy sitting thought kids movies. But this is a tear jerker for all of us who are softies for our growing boys! My 12 year even teared at the end. The kids watch on our DVD in the SUV all the time.
014241543X|1.0|This book is poorly researched and suffers from lazy writing. The characters, are for the most part, one dimensional or cliches. It is not a coincidence the that only fully formed characters are those of people the author actually knew. It is also not a coincidence that the only narrative that rings true are the ones that most probably were. The fiction is vapid and boring. What teenager today refers to \\"sass?\\" Who bakes three pies during a heatwave? Who writes a book with an emphasis on classical music, knowing nothing of the art-form?<br />I take no joy in offering a poor review of any book, but the very intent of a review (of any kind) is to alert the consumer.
B0042KZJR8|5.0|Being a fan of Michael Buble, and having seen him in a live performance, I may be somewhat biased here, but his CD's always provide music that soothes your hectic day or gives you the pep to do whatever task you are doing while listening.
0679422714|5.0|Having lived in Soviet Union, I have to say that this book reveals the ESSENCE of Chinese communism-Maoism. After the fall of Soviet Union, I have no doubt hardliners see the last 30 years just as MEANS to build up economic power to extend Chinas military power. As Lenin and all Communists knew, all reforms that address the needs of people and focus on economy , are temporary, and have to be concluded before the threat to the main objective - PARTY rule- becomes real. Its kind of brinkmanship, but well calculated and tested in the past.     After reading this book its obvious that:     China will not follow Soviet Union way to democratization and falling apart;  Chinese hardliners will use the current crises to opt for breaking the neck of Chinese middle class in favor of next wave of militarization and reinforcing Party rule also on economic matters, especially sensing prolonged weakness in the West;  There will be a heavy clash within Party elite soon about cutting down on private and international economy taking over China. The best way to reduce inflation and gain support from >900 poor people in China will be found in the way to reduce the SHARE of capitalism in Chinas economy.By nationalization and redistribution, of course.     It may start to show as soon as the next change of power in CCP in 2012-2013.    A must read for anyone having dreams of democratic friendly capitalist communist China.
031237593X|5.0|Sunne in Splendor is one of Penman's finest.  She brings history to life.  This one is a page turner and her character development is superb.
B003E6K1VK|2.0|Going into this review, I want to list my hardware:<br /><br />- Laptop: HP DM4 (IDT High Definition Audio CODEC / Intel (R) Display Audio)<br />- Headphone: Sennheiser HD595 (50 OHMS) - 10 hours of burn-in<br />- MP3 Player: iPod Nano (4th Generation)<br />- Source Music: 320 kbs mp3s, lossless Apple imported CDs, FLACs in Foobar 2000<br /><br />I purchased the FiiO E7 with the assumption, based on several reviews I have read, that with high-end headphones (and even with lower OHM headphones like mine) a headphone amplifier is necessary on top of the hardware offered in a laptop, and especially in an iPod, for the headphones to sound their best.<br /><br />And so I purchased the FiiO E7 because I wanted not only a DAC/AMP for my laptop but something to improve my iPod's sound. I set it all up, set my laptop to output sound through it, and spent the next hour comparing various songs side by side, using the FiiO E7 and the laptop's native 3.5mm jack.<br /><br />. . .<br /><br />Result? Either a negligible difference or absolutely no difference at all. Understand that when I say this, the benefit was on the laptop's side. In each case where a song sounded better, it was the FiiO E7 which made the song sound worse. I played with the Bass Boost settings on the FiiO E7 to see if that would help. The 0 and 1 settings were about the same, with 1 probably being better. On the other hand, 2 and 3 were muddy and useless.<br /><br />I concluded that my laptop's internal amplifier and DAC were superior to the FiiO E7. The iPod was next to test.<br /><br />. . .<br /><br />Incredibly, negligible differences again. I would listen to 10-second excerpts of songs over and over, paying attention to the highs, the lows, different aspects of the songs, comparing the iPod's internal amp to the FiiO E7 (with LOD cable). I could say that some songs sounded \\"fuller\\" using the E7, but again, the difference was pitifully minimal. Absolutely would it not be worth the $100 of admission.<br /><br />The device is beautiful, and I love the screen, but if it can't improve the quality of my music, then what's the point?lity of my music, then what's the point?
B000004CYT|4.0|By my count, there are at least six period cycles of the Beethoven symphonies available - Bruggen, Gardiner, Goodman, Hogwood, Norrington, and, most recently, Immerseel - which stretch the gambit from being extraordinary - Gardiner - to terrible - Norrington. Hogwood's cycle has been generally well received from both period enthusiasts and fans of \\"old school\\" interpretations. Hogwood's timbral pallet is exceptionally fresh, with fantastically fruity winds, gusty brass, and delightfully sinewy strings. Tutti passages are big and brash, while the general level of excitement is high. At the same time, with the exception of the Eighth, tempos are never as fast as Gardiner - much less Norrington - which suits Hogwood's very grand interpretive conceptions. For me, however, this dualist approach is the very reason Hogwood's cycle is so frustrating.<br /><br />For all the air of authenticity that typically surrounds period performances, there are some very un-historic aspects to Hogwood's approach; the leisurely tempo in the \\"Eroica\\"; the un-mutted horn at the close of the \\"Pastorale\\"; and those unmarked, but very exciting, brass swells at the climax of the seventh's first movement. However, this is not as odd as you might expect. Many conductors that have success in early and baroque music long to break free from the type-casting that often occurs in the record industry. Thus, you will often find these conductors matching period orchestras and performance practices with very un-period interpretations. Bruggen did it with his Haydn and Beethoven cycles. Herrewegge did it with his Beethoven and Bruckner. And so too does Hogwood.<br /><br />It is for this reason that Hogwood is typically more successful in the even numbered symphonies, which receive interpretations that are much more historically informed, than in the big-ticket symphonies. In the first, Hogwood walks the thin line between classical charm and Beethovenian energy remarkably well. The brass is kept in check throughout the outer movements, but not to the detriment of the music, while the string playing in the andante is appropriately song-like. How thrilling it is, then, that Hogwood really turns up the volume, so to speak, in the second, a reading that is stylistically much more pre-\\"Eroica\\" than post first. The boisterous allegro brims will all sorts of energy, featuring an especially debonair developmental climax and brassy coda. The larghetto always has benefited from the period treatment, the timbral nuances brought to this music by period winds is incomparable, especially at the horn-soaked climatic hymn. The horns are in similarly fine form in the bouncy scherzo, the trio of which has an infectious humor, which carries over into the finale. I do wish, however, the liner notes would address why Hogwood chose to include a period piano in this performance.<br /><br />How odd then when we arrive at Hogwood's \\"Eroica,\\" a fine performance on its own merits but one that is certainly not historically informed in the slightest. I have great respect for Mr. Libby, but I must disagree with his review above; this \\"Eroica\\" is the low-point of Hogwood's cycle. Stylistically, the allegro has little brio, Hogwood adopting a very relaxed, almost nonchalant approach to the music, trading energy and verve for lyric beauty. This same gentleness pervades the rather indifferent funeral march while a trio of oddly underwhelming horns cause tension to sag in an otherwise fine scherzo. In the finale, Hogwood's balletic treatment is appropriate considering the theme's origin, but why he cannot give us energy at the same time is a mystery. The large cadence before the oboe variation is more predictable than exciting while the coda could have more snap. An odd performance, not only considering Beethoven's metronome marking, but also the impressive list of faster, not to mention more engaging, \\"Eroica\\"s, such as Toscanni or Scherchen, both of which predate the period movement.<br /><br />We return to the world of bumptious energy in the forth, with its quick allegro and impressive tutti passages. However, here, as in the Eighth, Hogwood's tendency to \\"coordinate\\" the performances rather than conduct them does not really pay dividends. So energetic are Hogwood's tutti passages that they sometimes fail to move forward in meaningful ways. For example, the full orchestral statement of the main theme before the bridge into the second subject is offered at one dynamic, which fails to propel the music into the tender second theme in an exciting way. However, it is a small complaint when the rest of performance is as fine as it is here, especially in the minuetto's trio and in the finale's development, where the period winds are at their idiomatic best.<br /><br />With the fifth, we return to Hogwood's semi-period performance practice, with a fabulously sinewy first movement that is a scorcher of a performance, even in light of the very \\"traditional\\" sounding fermatas applied to the opening motifs. Nor are the unmarked brass swells in the tutti declamations of the main subject particularly historically informed. Still, it's exciting as hell. After the allegro, it is mostly downhill. The andante suffers under Hogwood's hands, here taken as an adagio, while the weak and wooly lower strings work their particular brand of mischief in the trio of the scherzo, thankfully - and properly - repeated. Hogwood's finale is big, brassy, and grand but is missing the sharply edged rhythmic edges that conductors like Kleiber, Dohnanyi, Gardiner, and Jarvi to name a few, bring to this music.<br /><br />What sets Hogwood's \\"Pastorale\\" apart from many is the panoply of timbres he elicits from the Academy of Ancient Music, especially in the wonderful scene by the brook. Still, it is an unremarkable performance, with an underwhelming coda to the first movement and a hymn of thanksgiving in the finale missing that last ounce of presence from the lower strings.<br /><br />The allegrovivace of the seventh is really quite fine, but is marred by the ridiculously loud horn playing at the tutti statement of the first theme (the horns have the same dynamic marking as all the other instruments, mind you). It's not idiomatic or thrilling but rather vulgar, especially when the horn intonation is as questionable as it is here. Still, Hogwood's ability here, as well as in the other symphonies, to make recapitulations to sound appropriately conclusory is admirable. In the finale, however, the weak lower strings rob the music of much of its inherent power and drama, especially when compared to the fabulous string playing Toscanni, Vanska, Harnoncourt, and Gardiner get from their respective bands. For example, at the beginning of the development, tension snags when the lower strings play the main rhythmic motif while the over ebullient brass create uncomfortable dynamic drop-offs when they are not playing.<br /><br />In the eighth, Hogwood departs from his conventional mold and gives us a first minute allegro that is faster than just about every other performance in the catalogue, and its none the worse because of it. This tempo makes the development, which is Beethoven at his most vivacious, all the more thrilling. However, like in the forth, Hogwood's failure to properly contrast dynamics in a meaningful way takes from the music's excitement; when the orchestra reaches such a loud dynamic before the recapitulation, Beethoven's triple forte marking becomes meaningless. Still, the inner movements are perfectly paced and beautifully sung, especially by the lovely period clarinets in the minuetto's trio.<br /><br />Thankfully, in the ninth, we are comfortably back in \\"period\\" territory for the most part with a quick, wind-heavy first movement. While at times the winds and horns especially have moments of uncomfortable intonation, it is still an exciting performance due to the huge, fabulously idiomatic sonorities. The same holds true to Hogwood's very quick, but fine, slow movement. The scherzo, however, is a bit less successful. First, the vibrant brass playing sometimes obscures the string rhythms, causing tension to sag ever so slightly. Secondly, there is nothing presto about Hogwood's very deliberate tempo in the trio.<br /><br />In the finale, the period winds add unfathomable amounts of color to the opening fanfares while the lower string recitative passages are thankfully more successfully played than in the trios of the fifth and sixth symphonies. The soloists are fine, although the choice of male soloists is odd. Gregory Reinhart is a bright toned bass while the late Anthony Rolfe Johnson has a richer quality to his voice; in terms of timbre, it really should have been the other way around. After the very impressive \\"Gott\\" cadence, however, Hogwood again chooses to ignore Beethoven's tempo marking, adopting a very deliberate tempo for the march, making the double fugue somewhat stogy. This also makes the choral exposition of the joy theme slower than it was at the movement's onset. However, the ensuing episodes are beautifully sung and the final passages and coda are appropriately exciting, rogue piccolo and all.<br /><br />Hogwood's cycle is at its best when he tends to \\"let go,\\" such as in excellent second, and the very fine first, forth, and eighth symphonies. When he gets more interpretively adventurous, such as in the fifth, seventh, and ninth, the results are mixed. Still, at the end of the day, I have great admiration for this cycle and the man behind it. For one, it remains the most colorful cycle, period or otherwise, on the market. The rustic, pert winds are stunning, the horns, clams and all, shout and bray, and the strings, even in light of the afflicted lower voices, have such a fantastic timbre that the cycle always gives pleasure. As for Hogwood, I admire his willingness to make tough interpretive choices, rather than applying a one-size fits-all approach to Beethoven a la Norrington. There are certainly better cycles - Toscanni, Bohm, Szell, Vanska - but Hogwood sets deserves its success and is certainly better than some of the retched Beethoven that has appeared in recent years from Abbado, Rattle, and Plentev. He has a great love for this music and his musicians give him everything he asks. Such honest and earnest music making deserves consideration.
B0006JGFNQ|5.0|I bought this toy for my 16 year old sister who NEVER saw the Gremlin movies. So after sitting her down and making her watch all the movies, she was in love with the adorable Gizmo. Not to my surprise, she loved it. So did I... I might steal it soon!
B0030ZOYHC|1.0|I just posted a review on Vexille that I voted as sub-par, but this is even worse.  Once again I bought this based on reviewers elsewhere mentioning the similarity to Appleseed, and honestly there is no comparison.  The storyline is boring, really boring, and it was quite a tough watch!  It's like watching a video game of the same repeated mission against 6 or 7 progressively tougher bosses.  The same scene occurs over and over again, with the evildoers mech being just too tough for the latest incarnation of the goody-two-shoes mech, and gets beaten again, and again.    Animation is not great and the CGI is ok, but Ex Machina it is NOT!
B002VX0A40|5.0|This was a gift for my 11-month-old niece, and her mom reports that it's been renamed Boom and being dragged all over the house. That's a great review in my book!
B002ZG98CS|5.0|I noticed some people have no idea what this is. They are used to boring things. So they seem to want to complain about something different or something they don't understand. So in an effort to help I'd like to say that this movie isn't for you. You're on the wrong page. I'm sure you will like Inception or something else that's polished up until anything intteresting has been shined out of it.     For everyone else this movie is a real punch in the mouth of fun.
1423368010|5.0|This book dives into several interesting aspects of a hugely broad, ever-expanding topic that clearly affects us all and we should all learn more about. It not only teaches the reader much, but changes the way a person thinks about the brain and mind and several aspects of person-hood and aspects involved with aging.
B003YK42LQ|5.0|Fans expecting Come Around Sundown to be the new album of \\"Sex on Fire\\"s will be disappointed. Sorely disappointed. It doesn't make this one any lesser than the one before, but it's definitely different. To me though, that just displays the amazing versatility in voice, rhythm, and passion these guys carry.<br /><br />You'll be stunned by how big of a range Kings of Leon will perform. Most of the negative reviews for the new album came out of the despondency of what they've become. They've evolved from the off-key tone of Caleb Followill backed up by chilling chords and catchy drumbeats, to a more mainstream, lyrical group. The album featured some bouts of punk (\\"The Immortals\\"--one of my favorites), country from their Nashville roots (\\"Back Down South\\"), and even gospel (\\"Radioactive\\"--another one of my favorites!).<br /><br />Kings of Leon is no longer just a rock band. Come Around Sundown is not by any means, the newer version of their successful preceding album, Only By the Night, but it is this: it is the vice, the virtue of this insouciant, elusive band. It is the end of a successful musical career, and the beginning of a preeminent musical empire. It is an enigma--not completely predictable, but totally, wholly astounding, and it will alter the way you think about alternative rock.<br /><br />Listeners complain that Kings of Leon has changed, and they're absolutely right; Kings of Leon will never be the same.
B002JVWRAO|5.0|The 5th Season of Supernatural Ends the main Storyline with the Winchester brothers and pulls no punches. I am a pretty big fan of the series and i was 95% satisfied with the end result I just wish they could've fit more into the finale I would've loved to see more of Lucifer and Michael but that's just me.<br /><br />The finale alone is worth getting the season but it has so much more than that packed into the 22 episodes. You just have to see it for yourself.
B002ZG97EC|4.0|This is a great family movie (my adult family and I thoroughly enjoyed this).  I went to see it twice and bought it as a gift.  Definitely one of the better non-pixar movies.
B001TODCII|5.0|This is a great movie about a retired CIA Operative whose daughter is kidnapped in a foreign country. Very action packed and very well thought out by the producers. Highly recommended for fans of action thrillers.
1599218011|5.0|I am so excited to finally get this book for which I was impatiently waiting for the last two years! It is packed with a great deal of information. Even though I've read lots of books on this subject and have been already \\"converted\\" to this lifestyle (therefore do not need the cleanse), I found lots of interesting stuff in the book, for example the sections on supplements, pH, fasting etc. It's very motivating - I convinced my husband to do the one-day juice fast during the Holidays, which turned out to be a juice feast. We both felt great, so we're going to do it on a regular basis.<br /><br />I think what makes Kris' work so honest and inspiring is that she is not promoting any products of hers or her sponsors. She is doing all the great work and research to save her own life and by doing it, she is saving lives of many others, including mine. I'm very very grateful for her. She's been my sunshine for quite a while. I definitely recommend her book and will buy a few more copies for my best friends.
B00000J2PH|5.0|We bought the Tapestry CD because we'd worn out our vinyl recording.  Not only is Carole King a fabulous songwriter, we consider her versions of her own music ageless.
044654759X|2.0|I am a big fan but this book (as mentioned numerously in the reviews) is a clone of the movie with Julia Roberts \\"Sleeping with the enemy.\\" It's very close to it, so close that it made the book predictable. Also, the ending came off to me a bit weird considering the fact that Katie would have to be insane to have actually experienced what she experienced. Can you imagine? Did not give me a usual \\"feel-good\\" sense I feel after finishing his books. I don't know if it's just me, but with each book, the story lines become a bit tire-some. IMHO but I will keep reading because I have hope.
031603438X|3.0|This book is entertaining to say the least and it's worth the read, no question. To any of us who are Stones fans and at all interest in the fabric of Rock N' Roll over the last 50 years, Keith's memoir sheds a lot of light onto.......well.......something.  For instance, I love how Keith complains that Mick Jagger is \\"always trying to distance himself from the band.\\"  Really Keith?  Why would that be?  I mean he gets to front a band of junkies, crack heads, and drunks who spend the majority of their time in a comatose state, get busted by the cops every other night, not to mention burn down hotel rooms, houses, flip cars over (often with minors in the car).  Or when a recording session is scheduled for 12pm on a Monday they actually begin about 1am on Tuesday because Keith was...well....missing.  So no, I can't imagine why anyone would want to \\"distance\\" themselves from that traveling circus.    I can sum up Keith's memoir in a short paragraph....drugs, heroin, pot, hash, Mick is a jerk, girls, sex, heroin, coke, smack, speedball, jack daniels, mick is selfish, drunk, passed out, divorced, arrested, needles, police, fire, guns, mick is intolerable, ......
B003HARV4S|5.0|A Drama/Mystery/Period Romance not nearly as violent as most Edward Norton films. Set in Vienna this is a clever, unpredictable story of forbidden love between a world-traveled illusionist and his childhood sweetheart-a sheltered Duchess promised to a brilliant, violent, possessive, powerful Crown Prince. This film has it all: characters, chemistry, and intellectual dueling.<br />Highlight: Artistic rendering of impossible illusions.<br /><br />This review is included in the new listmania \\"No One Wears a Beater Better - Edward Norton Films.\\"
B00VJ04TH0|1.0|First off, this is an opinion, not a review of the movies.  Overall I give this film collection four out of five stars, but that is not the issue I have with the digital set.  What I can't believe is that they are charging $90 for this HD Digital set when most people, who are interested in it in the first place, already have all the movies on at least DVD, if not BD.  If they included a future HD digital download of the new movie then it might be worth it, but considering it's digital, and not something tangible, then it would be a stretch to cave in and buy this.  On the other hand, if someone doesn't own these movies at all, and have a bunch of &#34;devices&#34; to watch the movies on, then I could see making the purchase.
0385512058|4.0|Core Idea: Successful people know how to use the power of relationships.<br /><br />Keith Ferrazzi is one of the rare individuals to discover the essential formula for making his way to the top through a powerful, balanced combination of marketing acumen and networking savvy. Both Forbes and Inc Magazines have designated him one of the world's most \\"connected\\" individuals. Now, as Founder & CEO of Ferrazzi Greenlight, he provides market leaders with advanced strategic consulting and training services to increase company sales, and enhance personal careers.<br />Keith Ferrazzi shares with you proven principles on how to reach out to others and build genuine relationships based on the spirit of generosity. Learn how to look for mentors, avoid invisibility, handle rejection and other tips and techniques that can propel you towards success both in your life and your career.<br />Keith Ferrazzi was born into a working class family. In fact, he was the son of a steelworker and a cleaning lady. Ferrazzi, however, did not allow these limitations to stop him from getting a scholarship at Yale and an MBA at Harvard.<br />As a young lad, Ferrazzi used to caddie at the local country club. There, he met the rich and powerful people who lived in a nearby town. It was there that Ferrazzi realized that wealthy people helped one another. Ferrazi learned that knowing the right people for the right reasons and utilizing the power of these relationships can get you to become a member of the \\"club.\\"<br />The best way to build and maintain meaningful relationships is to give more than you get. When you connect with people, make sure that you share your knowledge, resources, time, energy, friends, and associates. Always provide value to others and you will increase your own.<br />The secret to success is generosity. You must, however, be willing to accept generosity and sometimes, go out and ask for it. Remember that connecting is a continuous process of giving and receiving.<br />Stop keeping score. Remember that relationships get stronger with trust. You can't get people to trust you by asking what they can do for you. Instead, find out what you can do for them.<br />Remember that every day brings in new opportunities to build relationships with other people. Focus on your immediate network such as family, existing friends and old acquaintances. They might be able to introduce you to people who can help you meet your goals.<br />This is a four star book after the five star classics below. See my reviews on:<br />1) How to Win Friends and Influence People by Dale Carnegie.<br />2) Love is the Killer App by Tim Sanders.ionships get stronger with trust. You can't get people to trust you by asking what they can do for you. Instead, find out what you can do for them.  Remember that every day brings in new opportunities to build relationships with other people. Focus on your immediate network such as family, existing friends and old acquaintances. They might be able to introduce you to people who can help you meet your goals.  This is a four star book after the five star classics below. See my reviews on:  1) How to Win Friends and Influence People by Dale Carnegie.  2) Love is the Killer App by Tim Sanders.
0307595579|5.0|I bought these books for my husband for Christmas and he could not put them down. He read all 3 within 10 days. We also watched the first two Swedish made movies. (The books are much better than the movies) Excellent books with very interesting and different characters. I'm reading The Girl Who played with Fire now and enjoying it very much, even after seeing the movie which left so much out. I would highly recommend them if you love a good mystery with a different twist. Lisbeth Salander is someone who is so strange but you learn to love her, in spite of her weirdness, as the story continues. My only regret is that Stieg Larsson did not live to finish the 10 books he had planned.
B004HYDL1K|1.0|I knew it would be bad & cheesy but gave it a shot because I like Danny Trejo Robert & De Niro but holy cow terrible. Michelle Rodriguez & Jessica Alba acting is just bad is the nicest I can be. It's just bad. I saw 10 minutes & couldnt stand anymore nor stop laughing.
B0007DFJ0G|5.0|In this 1999 Surreal Action film, considered by many to be Edward Norton's best, he is an insomniac who turns to organized fighting to get some relief. If you like watching guys fight, you'll love this film. It is extremely violent, though most of the violence is consensual. Largely void of female characters except for the strange, surreal, gothlike Marla. Includes many memorable lines on breaking free from the bonds of societal expectation.<br />Highlight: Norton's oh so funny cubical chats with his boss.<br /><br />This review is included in a new listmania \\"No One Wears a Beater Better - Edward Norton Films.\\"
B002ZG981E|5.0|As always, Amazon.com delivers a great product at a great price. I couldn't believe the price for a blu-ray movie(brand new mind you)and it arrived in a short time with free shipping! Great condition and the product was as described. Amazon is my \\"go-to\\" online shopping store.  Thank you Amazon.
1599218011|5.0|Kris is crazy smart and crazy inspiring. Have been following her for a while now. This is an amazing resource that pulls it all together, tapping into the wisdom of many other health gurus. She covers it all. You will never think about food and about your body the same after you read this. Not to mention it is colorfully and artistically crafted. You will love this book! I plan to also buy the Kindle version on the 16th.
B004047XXO|3.0|this is a really good movie but the 3D is not so good, and the color effect are also not so good
B000W7JWUA|5.0|My husband received Settlers for a Christmas gift - he loves it.  It takes a minute to learn, but is very engaging and has endless variation once you understand it.
6305313687|5.0|This is Edward Norton's most beater-filled, most violent, and arguably best film. You may need to keep one finger on the fast forward button during the Black & White flashbacks. Norton is at his best portraying three personas as the film masterfully transitions forward and backward in time among adolescent Derek, skinhead Derek, and mature Derek. Edward Furlong is superb as the impressionable younger brother and fair witness to events. A film about race relations and hate crimes could easily come across as preachy, this one does not. As Derek says at one point, \\"I'm not telling you what to do, I'm really not. But you've got to understand.\\"<br />Highlights: Poignant mother-son relationship with Beverly D'Angelo in a night and day different mom-role from Christmas Vacation. (plus Norton packing an extra 25 pounds of muscle weight lifting in a (contraband?) beater.)<br /><br />This review in part is included in a new listmania \\"No One Wears a Beater Better - Edward Norton Films.\\"<br />http://www.amazon.com/No-One-Wears-Beater-Better/lm/R137EKKRYO9BTB
B0042U94UQ|5.0|We saw this in theaters and decided it was one we would own. We bought it in pre-release and had it the day before it was available in stores.
030746363X|5.0|Not much to say. I'd prefer it if people stayed away from the tips in the book so I can benefit and they won't understand how. It's great.
0691142165|2.0|If governments serially debase, devalue and default, why is government debt called risk free?    I'm not qualified to talk about the data on which the book is based hence I'm going to concentrate on the literary style -- poor -- and on the presentation media -- inadequate.    Clearly Reinhart and Rogoff didn't major in English Literature and neither did their editor. In chapter after chapter then mention that the work is based on \\"our historical data set.\\" I would think once or maybe twice in the foreword or in the introduction would have been sufficient. In chapter after chapter they say what they said in previous chapters, what they are going to say in future chapters and then they tell you what they will tell you in this chapter before proceding to do so. Boring!     Another example of bad style, at the beginning of Part V they write \\"In the next four chapters we will attempt to do exactly that [to gage the evolution of the crisis]\\". I would assume that by the time they finished the book they would know if they succeeded or not in the attempt. If they didn't, they should have omitted the results or simply owned up to the fact that they failed in the attempt. If they succeeded, there was no need for this commentary. Since the editor left it in place, the reader is now distracted by wondering if the authors will or will not succeed. This might be proper style in a detective story or other type of thriller but not in a book about economics.    Johannes Gutenberg introduced movable type in the middle of the 15th Century and it was a great advance in the presentation of data. Unfortunately, books are not searchable, they are only readable. Late in the 20th Century Google introduced a great search engine making it possible for all to find and process data. Unfortunately, Reinhart and Rogoff decided to publish their opus in an unsearchable media. The better media would have been in a website with searchable and sortable data, engines to create charts from said data anda discussion board for the exchange of information and feedback with their readers. This is an opportunity they missed but could easily make up.    Reinhart and Rogoff could have been different this time by presenting eight centuries of data in a 21st Century media, the World Wide Web.
B0041G67ZG|4.0|Why does this film require a price double that of similar discs/movies? I had hoped to buy the Blu-Ray version, and I will once it's at $20, but definitely not at $40 (or even at $30).  Too bad!
0634049011|5.0|I bought this for my son. He laughed at the title, but said it has been a really useful tool.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|I love Moore's style and the world should be grateful to have him. OK, not everyone will like him. If you voted for Bush, or think that the American system is Democratic you may not like this movie. If you do see that however the Wars America is involved in abroad are creating more global instability than ever before and that actually Americans just might have been better off inverting this trillions of dollars or so into its own people, you may like this movie.<br /><br />I have travelled quite a lot, have lived in different countries, and have spoke with educated Americans. The points he makes are quite scary - how can it be?<br /><br />Moore is like an overdramatized Chomsky, Chomsky taking an academic pathway.  Unfortunately they both present sides of America many Americans would like to see addressed. Worth a watch for sure if you are one of those who feels international security is falling as well as some of Americas social infrastructure.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|I'm not going to get into the movies themselves, but just wanted to share that the quality of these Blu-Ray Discs are excellent.  After trying to watch<br />an original Matrix DVD, I was so annoyed at the poor picture and sound.  I picked it up here at Amazon for $45.00 -I saw it at target for $100.00.<br />The quality is worth the upgrade.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|We purchased this as a gift for the kids for Christmas.......our entire family absolutely loves it.  It is a movie that adults can watch with the kids, and both enjoy at the same time.  Steve Carrell is SOOO funny!
0143116738|5.0|As an educator who has been teaching for 12 years this was an important find. I saw Sir Ken Robinson speak at a conference and was immediately drawn to this idea of \\"finding your passion.\\" It is energizing and uplifting, relates to me as an educator - teaching is my passion - and to the children I work with.
6300189473|5.0|Product - This movie was a favorite of our grand-daughter when a little girl.    Now that she has a 2 year-old son, we wanted her to have a copy to show him.    Movie is good -     Service - through Amazon excellent - seller shipped it same day as order.    So, good movie, good service!
B00141HPBQ|5.0|I have 2 degrees in English Lit and this is my all-time favorite book. Hemmingway is my favorite author and I believe this is his best novel.
0142428272|5.0|I purchased a used set of the abridged audio discs of Ken Follett's new book, Fall of the Giants.  The set was in perfect condition and the reader of this huge tomb was amazingly versatile.
B003YY7BTW|4.0|This was really cute! I love Jennifer Lopez in \\"The Wedding Planner\\" and she certainly delivered another great performance in this film. This is one I could add to my list of favorite chick flicks. It was slightly predictable, but what romantic comedy isn't? The story is really very sweet :) The kind of movie that will make you smile and then laugh and then be glad that you aren't Zoe ;)
B0000VCZK2|5.0|I have wanted this collection for long time and now I have the final piece. Shipping was quick and easy.
B0044XV3QY|4.0|Awesome Movie and Great Price. I do not like the DVD Cover/Packaging. It is not easy to get the case out and looks like it could just tear in half or something. The DVD extras are pretty cool and exactly what I was waiting for. Recommended!
B002UXRGLG|5.0|I gave this as a gift to my son.  Excellent just like the Planet Earth series.  The explanations at the end of each episode on how the footage was shot was very interesting to the whole family.  My son always has questions and many of them were answered in that portion.  The segment done on Monarch butterflies was breathtaking.  Great purchase.  Something we can watch over and over.
B00005NPWA|2.0|I haven't got this product because it took forever to Adorama to ship it.   Being over seas it is very expensive to buy from Adorama because all the other things I buy get there on time except what I buy from Adorama so I end up paying a lot for what I buy there.
0525423273|5.0|Let's be honest, I heard about this book through a vlog by author John Green. I decided that a fellow nerdfighter should always have the support of the community and went that same evening to purchase the book. It sat at the foot of my bed until yesterday afternoon, when I finally decided that I was ready to read it. To be honest, this is the sort of book I loved in high school, but have slowly gravitated away from. I didn't know what to expect and was scared that it would be too lovey dovey for my jaded personality, but it actually turned out to be extremely enjoyable and fairly realistic.     If you are familiar with [[ASIN:0609807900 Sloppy Firsts: A Jessica Darling Novel]] by Megan McCafferty then you will understand when I say that this reminds me of those books. Not the exact story, but the feel and flow of it. It is sort of a book that might have been written if we had Hope as narrator. It also has a similar feel to John Green's book [[ASIN:014241221X Looking for Alaska]] in the sense that it takes place in a boarding school where the main character knows no one. If you are unfamiliar with those books, then I will explain briefly. Anna has been forced to move to Paris to attend a boarding school for Americans for her senior year. She makes friends with an already established group and Anna falls in love with one of the most desired boys at school.    This books is no walk in the park romance. There is heart break and betrayal. Characters are truly flawed and realisitic. At times I was laughing like a silly little girl, other times I was holding my breath in anticipation or feeling angry an frustrated right along with Anna. It is a great, quick read and I wish it were going to be a series, but there are going to be companion books instead. These books will be told from other character perspectives. I look forward to more books by Stephanie Perkins, which are to be released September of this year and Fall of 2012.[[ASIN:0525423281 Lola and the Boy Next Door]]
B003KGBIS4|5.0|I purchased this for my son for Christmas.  Received in plenty of time and he enjoys it so this was a win win deal!
B0021L8V1Q|4.0|Liked original Iron Man, not great movie but told a good story detailing how Ironman came to be. I've usually found follow-up movies to be disappointing...too much added in and working too hard to make the hero(ine) seem less heroic and make up really dumb plots to do this. Iron Man 2 had some of this but I liked the way they did the story plot and it was a good fight at the end that was more plausible than most earlier super hero ones.    Mickey Rourke made a good, believable (comic book) villain and Downey was truly great being the arrogant, pleasure seeking playboy that just wanted to have fun while tweaking the noses of his main competitor and the government      See it, you'll like it.
B000ATQYT2|5.0|I first saw this movie at the theatre when the kids were young. Loved it then, love it now. The music is memorable and the one liners, especially Rizzo and Gonzo are hilarious. Highly recommend to add to you library as a seasonal classic.
B003YCIE68|5.0|I remember this movie from when my children were small. It was one of our favorites. Now I am showing it to my grandchildren. We all love it.
0439023513|3.0|This contains major spoilers. For those of you wanting a review sans-spoilers, I'll say this much: This book does round out the story set up by the other two books, but it's ruined by a lack of character development and, mainly, the last three pages of the book, among other minor hitches. Worth reading, but I came away from it terribly unsatisfied and upset with Collins over her choices. That's the general review here.    Now, from here on out there will be spoilers throughout.    A problem I've had since book one of this series is the nagging problem of how Peeta can possibly even be a competitor for Katniss's affection when he has such a one-track mind and is so useless for anything other than that specific plot point. He doesn't care to truly be of any help to a cause, he doesn't care how hard his pursuit makes Katniss's life, he just knows what he wants, and that's basically his entire character. Collins does nothing to help that in this book. His hijacking just makes him more trouble, causing Katniss more grief over whether or not to accept him. He's nothing more than an annoying one-dimensional hindrance throughout all three books. Why not rectify this? It's maddening.    But she picks Peeta anyway. Why? Simply because Gale was written away from the story with a single line saying he got a fancy job in District 2, with no further discussion. That was the last anyone heard of him. He bent over backwards for the revolution, was tortured several times, took care of Katniss's family countless times, and was \\"inseparable\\" from Katniss since they were children. And yet just like that, he's gone. No emotional goodbye, no noble death or as much as a letter later on. How unforgivably CHEAP.     Also, having to spend most of the book reading about Katniss hiding in closets doesn't help her own character development. Throughout the series, it's obvious she has the emotional capabilities of a gorilla. She knows how to sit there, look interesting, then beat her chest and smash things. She has very few moments where a spark of love or loyalty will shine through. She pushes virtually every person away at some point during the series, and this book shows the worst of it. She snaps over petty things, especially at Gale, and gets flustered when no one can make sense of her sudden boughts of anger. Then she'll run away, black out, point arrows at someone, or whatever she believes will rectify the situation, and the cycle will repeat.     Overall, the story is honestly good. I devoured all three books in under two weeks. It's a very fun read, but it is by NO means a thinking person's novel. If you are prone to questioning motives or plot points, don't bother with this book. You'll be frustrated more often than you'll be satisfied. If the characters weren't so impossible to relate to and incomprehensible in their actions, it would be a truly excellent book and series overall. Unfortunately, it suffers from some poor choices in character development and is ruined for it.
B004APVI1G|5.0|I dont have \\"Avatar\\" Blu-ray(3D) so I cant compare just yet but I do have every other 3D Blu-Ray movie available and this movie has the undisputed best 3D to this day! No doubt about it. The part where the owls meet the porcupine is some of the best 3D I have ever seen. The porcupines nose seemed to literally poke out of my tv. Finally a 3D movie that's interesting to watch and has top notch 3D to boot.<br /><br />Finally.
B001IAOEXU|5.0|I personally hated the R2 and L2 triggers on the PS3 controllers, and really like the triggers on the Xbox controller so I found these and decided to buy a pair to try them out. I love how these feel! I think they are better than the Xbox's triggers. With these on I changed the button layout for FPS games so the R2 and L2 are my primary triggers! They are very comfortable and you can easily rest your fingers on the triggers without them slipping off like my Fingers did with the standard R2 and L2. I would recommend these to you if you like the Xbox triggers better than the PS3's but if you like the PS3 triggers than don't get these.
B002WJI65S|5.0|When I was a kid, there was really nothing like this available- stuffed (or even plastic) toys based on videogames were few and far between and they certainly didn't look anything like this little guy.     This is a very high quality plush based on the famous 'goomba' character from Super Mario Bros. He looks awesome on the shelf next to my Wii games... what else is there to say?    Maybe one thing... it's a little smaller than it looks in the product shot. Not a deal breaker to me-
B0042KZJR8|5.0|This is a great CD! I bought this for my mom for Christmas and she has done nothing but rave about it. She takes it from the Car to work PC and back again!
B0043EV774|5.0|My husband and I have already watched this movie a few times. First, on our Samsung 42\\" 3D LED LCD and it was beautiful, great 3D, and good story. Next we watched it w/friends on our 70\\" Samsung 3D DLP and it blew all of us away! Spectacular!!!    Highly recommended!!!
B002ZG98LO|5.0|There is not much to say about this movie except that it is amazing. I loved the other predator, and alien movies and this movie is by far my favorite out of all of them. I did get this as a gift but the person I gave it to loves it too.  I definitely recommend this movie to anyone who likes the other alien, and predator movies.
076790382X|5.0|I got this book for Christmas and upon opening the present asked:  \\"Who's Bill Bryson?\\"  Well, I know now!  He is one of the most delightful writers I have read in a long time, well....ever.  This book and a cup of coffee:  what a treat!  (Don't choke on your coffee if you try it!)
B003R0LBVW|2.0|Disappointing.  I just want to be entertained and learn something.  I did neither with this book.  What is all the hype about with this?
B000PDYVVG|4.0|Gilbert, is the woman next door, or at least what the woman next door wants to do - be a globe trotter who eats, prays and loves.
B000002ADT|5.0|Miles Davis's classic Jazz \\"album\\" remastered ................... perfect background music that seeps into every pore.   One of those pieces of art that adds to the rich tapestry of life.    100%  * 10 out of 10  *   5 stars ..... simply the best
B00062RCBW|5.0|Nice to watch a great series at my convenience with no commercials! Surprised to find how many episodes I hadn't seen before.
0375851569|5.0|The order came quickly as promised durring the holiday rush. The books came in perfect condition. It was in a lovely case and the gift was loved by the receiver.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I just finished the trilogy and am sad to let Katniss  go but it was the ending  was hoping for.I cant wait for the movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B001UV4XFG|5.0|If you are a die hard Twilighter then this is the movie for you! Continuing the Stephenie Meyer legacy with the third installment if the Twilight Saga, the story line holds truer the the books than ever! Including scenes from here we novella \\"The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner\\" you learn new things about the world of vampires and the Volturi you didn't know before!
B003VANOFY|4.0|Other than the bulky and sometimes cumbersome design of these headphones, I found them to be wonderful. Easy to install and really pain free using!
B003NFM3JU|5.0|This is a true classic... and it is done very well in 3D... it's an excellent flick for watching 3d!  Jim Carey does great as Scrooge and in regard to doing the ghosts as well.  There's a lot of nice detail in this film that a lot of animated oriented 3d films do not have, unfortunately.  My wife and I have watched it time and time again... and we never grow tired of it! Bravo!
B003I55BIA|5.0|This book was one of the best books I have ever read. It was truly enticing and I never put it down. I loved this book so much I read it 5 times. I recommend it to anyone looking for a messed up love story.     You should also read the last two!!
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|Mumford and sons has exploded in just a few years, and for good reason. They have a simple, beautiful sound that is not limited by any musical genre. I like heavy metal, classic rock, amongst others, but I never thought I would enjoy the sound of a banjo so much. Their lyrics ring true in your soul and the harmony the four of them strike together is something not often found. The old time sound brings me back to my Irish ancestors Celtic music I have loved all my life, but the sound they bring forward is something just as fitting in today's Indie rock country crossover era.<br />All that aside, it'll get you moving on a dance floor. I'm doing an Irish jig at my computer desk right now. (Listening to \\"roll away your stone\\")
B000002J0B|5.0|Led Zeppelin is a great band. Growing up with this music, I never realized the depth of their talents. I'm enjoying rediscovering the band after many years of neglecting them. Would definitely recommended this disc, as well as any of their releases through Physical Graffiti.
B0046ECFRM|5.0|I am sooo thrilled I decided to read this book! As of late, I had been reading a lot of YA Urban Fantasy/Supernatural Romance type books. I was actually trying to find another good read in that genre when I came across this title. There were nothing but good reviews about it. However, I continued my search with this title in the back of my mind. Thankfully, I did not find what I was looking for.......I found soooo much more! This book was simply amazing! It had a great storyline with a great location. Anna was a hoot and I am so glad she was not all whiny and super self concious and all that other teen drama mess that so many lead female characters come off as being. Her friends were great and nicely written. And then.......St. Claire. I want a St. Claire! Enough said. Read the book. You WILL NOT regret it.
1582701709|4.0|I was reading the negative reviews and I can't believe how literal some people took the movie/book. Maybe it was supposed to be taken literally, but that doesn't mean it's not a good premise.      Of course there are genetic diseases and other factors in the universe that you can't stop. However, our society could use a good dose of \\"take responsibility for your life.\\" What I took away from this video is that if you focus enough of your energy on what you want, it will happen. That's usually because you're focused on it. It's like when you want a certain car and every where you look you see that car. You may have never noticed it before, but now that you are focused on it, you see it every where.     If you are focused on a certain goal you will start to see opportunities that come along, just like the car. You are also more likely to jump on them because you feel that it's what you asked for so it's not as fearful.     There's definitely an energy that connects us all. Most people call it Karma. You get out what you put in. If you allow yourself to be open to opportunities then they will come.     I am sure I will watch this video over and over again because it is a great motivator. The point behind something that is motivating is that you then want to do the steps necessary to make your goals happen. It's sort of a self-fulfilling prophecy. Normally we consider those to be bad, but positive thinking is a good example of that concept.     Don't get my wrong, I am not an optimist by any natural means. I am a realist on my best days and a pessimist on the worst. But if you really want to succeed in life you need to believe you will. If you don't then you most likely won't even bother taking the steps necessary to succeed in the first place and you definitely won't stick with it during the harder times.     Of course I wouldn't expect to be cured of cancer, no matter if 1,000 people claimed to be cured this way. However, I do expect that if I tell myself I am fit andin shape and healthy that when I am looking at a piece of cake I will remember all those things I believe about myself and be less likely to eat the cake. It's a bit fake it 'til you make it and rewriting the script playing in your head about who you are. If you tell yourself you are fat then you will do things that fat people do. The only difference between someone who is fat (unless there is a medical condition) and someone who is in great shape is that the people in great shape do the things it takes to be in great shape and those who are over weight do the things it takes to be over weight.  So by doing things that fat people do because you tell yourself you are fat, your thoughts are creating who you are. At the most basic level. And yes in order to make any great change in your life you must first align your thoughts.     As I watched this movie it actually reminded me of a friend I haven't seen in 4 years. She was a very spiritual person. As a non-denominational Christian she prayed to God. Whenever she prayed she believe God would take care of her issue. I would joke with her that her prayers were always answered. She had a direct line to God. If I wanted something badly enough I would ask her to pray for me. She had some amazing things happen to her because she prayed for them. And the few times she prayed for me, it worked.     While I have had my own experiences with putting something out there and knowing with faith that it will be taken care of, I will admit that not every time has that happened. I am also a huge control freak and find it very difficult to fully release control. That's usually when it doesn't work. But when I feel it in my gut and heart it happens. My friend had a deep, seemingly unwaivering faith that her prayers would be answered and they were.     A person's mind really is the only obstacle they need to over come. Once your mind is on your side any other obstacle will be crossed.
B00364K6YW|5.0|This production of Pride and Prejudice is one of the Best Ever.  No one will deny that Colin Firth is the Best fit to Play   Mr Darcy, and Jennifer Ehle is the most perfect Elizabeth, her  facial expressions is acting enough, no need for words.    My daughter and I Love this production and have followed it from  it VHS days, trying to watch it at least every year.  This DVD  is the Best of them All so far, in quality.  Very Happy!
B002ZG981E|4.0|I would give this product 5 full stars if there was more behind the scenes footage. I really wanted more of an indepth look behind the scenes. The dvd, bluray, and digital download are perfect, especially at such a low price. Amazon gets 5 stars for a great price on the best movie of the year.
B001E45XT4|3.0|Pros: Very durable cord, Neat mic mechanism, Low price    Cons: Comfort (pressure), Doubts about mic mechanism really lasting long, Sound quality terrible      Firstly, I'll say that I have a small head. My hubby has a large head. I was skeptical of buying these because I use them for gaming which means I wear them for looooong periods of time. I also do online schooling. I'm pretty much always online with these on.     The squares are really weird and don't contour to the noggin at all. There is pressure created by the design of the headset but it doesn't usually bother me. It can give me a headache and there's no way I put them on when I already have one. My hubby notices the pressure a lot more but it doesn't bother him at all. The other reviews were right about sound bleed as well. I sit in my living room on my comp and anybody in the room can hear when I'm listening to music. That doesn't matter to me but I wanted to confirm that this is true.     The real reason I take stars from this headset is the sound. It's just terrible. For gaming, that doesn't matter so much but I like to listen to pop-type music while I play games online and these headphones are horrible for it. It sounds just as bad as if I went out to Dollar Tree and got a $1 pair of headphones. I'm nowhere near an audiophile and usually don't notice sound imperfections when others do, so when I've noticed it, it's bad. The sound quality is tinny at best. I'll likely end up buying another headset and just using this for backup.
B003F0VM6I|5.0|This was one of the first true metal bands of the 70's. Their debut album is also the name of the band - \\"Lucifer's Friend\\". This first album is pure metal - not thrash, not hate, not BS attitude, and not stupidly simple three-chord progressions. This album contains MUSIC, real music, in the style of the 1970s that was (and still is) called \\"heavy metal\\". 40 years later this CD still out-rocks most of the cr*p on the market today.    One interesting thing to remember: the band produced 11 albums, and every single one of them was done in a different style. Which means that their first album was their only heavy metal album, even though a few tracks on the others albums might qualify as \\"metal\\".    Check out the Wikipedia entry on \\"Lucifer's Friend\\" for more information on the band. And do your self a favor - get this album and enjoy TRUE metal music!
0064430227|5.0|I just read this for the first time to my 2.5 year old daughter, having forgotten this book from my own childhood.  What a story.  It's simple but incredibly creative- Harold goes on a wonderful journey, of his own imagination and creation, through the power of his purple crayon.  It's a great metaphor about how each individual is free to create their own environment and journey through life.  It's perfect that the backdrop is a perfect white canvas- all the power is within Harold's mind and hands.    My daughter was breathless with the adventures and then when the story finished with Harold drawing up his covers, it was a perfect decrescendo.    Wonderful book.
B003DZX44I|5.0|I got  this for my mother for Christmas, and wow we were blown away by the detail in the 1080p version. The colors really pop and you can see every brushstroke in the backgrounds, it's really difficult to know what to look at. This edition includes an extra song sequence and it's clear why it was cut form the original, luckily you can easily choose what version to watch form the main menu. I've never liked the movie, or Disney films for that matter, but my mom loved it and I was amazed by the picture quality, seriously it's up there with Avatar and such.
B001LF347E|2.0|... because the characters have nearly nothing to do with Arthurian legend.  Yes, Arthur is Uther's son, Merlin is a wizard, Morgaine is an enchantress, and maybe I forgot some other superficial similarities that this bears to the actual legend; apart from these, there is basically no similarity.  I wish that they had just given the show and the characters different names so that people who are familiar with the legend (i.e., have read Morte d'Arthur, The Once and Future King, some of Marion Zimmer Bradley's wishful thinking/historical revisionism, and others) wouldn't find this so confusing and difficult to watch.  As it is, I can hardly bear to watch it; it's as though someone wrote a book in which Palpatine was the emperor, Vader was his second-in-command, Luke was Vader's son, and Leia was Luke's sister, but it took place in the Doctor Who universe and the plot was something out of a Gareth Roberts book.
1557048630|5.0|My husband is an artist and fascinated with animation of all kinds.  I often get these 'The Art of...' books when I can. He has several and really loved this one.
B00003CXB4|5.0|A great disney movie that I had to get on DVD! It made a great gift. Arrived as expected and was perfect for my family.
B0013FXWU6|3.0|I purchased for a gift to someone and I've never seen it so I can't review the movie. But I hear it's rather violent and bloody, but anything Daniel Day Lewis does is gold.
0061998494|5.0|Great book. Craig is definitely a very interesting person with a very amusing life story.  Very affordable price in this paperback version.
B002VECM6S|5.0|This show is awesome.  Sandra Bullock is such a great actress and it shows in this film.  The movie is inspiring and keeps you entertained the entire time!
B002ZG981E|5.0|The movie is worth watching over and over.  Fast action and intrigue.   Excellent service and price from Amazon!
B003ZK58WM|1.0|I just read an article quoting an author saying that he couldn't believe the sense of entitlement that Americans have, to expect $10 e-book pricing. He went on to say that the consumer doesn't realize the behind the scenes costs of publishing a book.   Do the authors and publishers really expect the consumer to believe that it costs the same or more to deliver an electronic copy of a book vs. a physical copy?    Now I don't expect every best seller to come out in e-book at $9.99 at the same time the hardback is released,  but you will never convince me that the cost of a hardback edition and the cost of an e-book edition should be anywhere close to the same.    I got on Amazon because I was thinking about placing an order for a Kindle, and looked up the price of a few books and came across these reviews.    I'm gonna pass on the Kindle....and the book.
030746363X|5.0|This book was very helpful to me. I use many exercises, diet and lifestyle changes that have been easy to follow and Ive become much stronger and healthier.[[ASIN:030746363X The 4-Hour Body: An Uncommon Guide to Rapid Fat-Loss, Incredible Sex, and Becoming Superhuman]]
0307454541|4.0|The word \\"cozy\\" stands out in a review title here.  I've been trying to get my head around the \\"why\\" of the series' popularity.  I just read the New Yorker review, which asks the same question.  Some books have an intimate \\"patter\\" - it's not so much the actual words as the way they are formed, or one might say the \\"tone\\" of the writing.  Larsson's writing has an intimacy - a breathy quality of run-on sentences and sudden stops - that's very seductive.  It's almost as if he's whispering secrets, beckoning you, and you are drawn in. Just as you are savoring a certain aspect of the story he switches to another, drawing you in further.  Also, the characters are not stereotypes.  When you read some popular writers (not mentioning any names) whose books sell in the millions and are absolute literary bores, it's usually because everyone and every situation is pat, flat, stock and completely expected. You'll be reading along saying to yourself, \\"Of course, now he has to commit suicide so this can happen,\\" or \\"They'll fall in love and live happily ever after,\\" and eventually you want to throw the freaking book at the wall.  In Larsson's trilogy, there are so many surprises. You rarely guess what's coming. Also, the New Yorker critic said the original book's editors wanted to remove the opening passage, about the pressed flower prints, that went on for several pages, because it was \\"boring.\\"  I wish these editors would stop second-guessing the intelligence of the readers.  The description of the particularly rare flower that is grown in a certain part of the world (but which might have been mailed from anyplace on the planet) was pivotal to the story.  It was a fore-telling, and that is spelled out perfectly for the reader, in that we know a man has been receiving these strange \\"gifts\\" (or threats?) for years and is so spooked by them that he reports them to national security.  Again - the style of the writing is what \\"gets\\" you...the content is of less importance here than the author's style - confident and flowing, and seemingly told to you, personally - that wins our allegiance. Stieg, we miss you and wish you were still here, so that we could tell you how wonderful you are, and how much we appreciate your charming, informative, spot-on art, and your caring for all humankind.the author's style - confident and flowing, and seemingly told to you, personally - that wins our allegiance. Stieg, we miss you and wish you were still here, so that we could tell you how wonderful you are, and how much we appreciate your charming, informative, spot-on art, and your caring for all humankind.
B001HNE3NO|4.0|I loved this book ! That said, its brutally sad. I did enjoy the history lesson as it is based on some true events.  Keep your kleenex box beside you but read the book. It was hard to put down. I did not like the \\"back and forth\\" between  present time and past time because I found that slightly confusing to keep track of. That is my only complaint about this  book. Enjoyed the characters and the setting !
B0042AEOG0|5.0|I really loved this DVD it was clear and beautiful. I played it over and over again.  IM glad to add it to my Xmas music.
B0042JTDXK|5.0|What can you say, his voice is mezmerizing. I've loved him since I saw him on Ally McBeal TV show years ago. He sings from his heart and soul.
030746363X|5.0|The 4-hour body has critical insights into how people can achieve great fitness in limited amounts of time.  This book has tremendous strategies that can help anybody achieve what they are looking to do.
B002ZG981E|2.0|The movie has a plot but it makes a Robert Ludlum novel seem to be very simple. It is always testing you to see if you know where they are.   Overall, enjoyable, but not one of LD's better movies.
1400052173|5.0|All the raves you've heard about this book are utterly true--it reads like a novel, features compelling characters, offers elements of mysticism, mystery, history, sociology, and psychology to temper the beautifully narrated tale of the origin of the most valuable cells in the history of biological research, and ultimately educates. Rebecca Skloot's tenacious odyssey through history yields a highly readable chronicle that finally honors the simple, strong, and admirable woman whose cells have served as the foundation for just about every important medical discovery of the past century. Skloot, however, never loses sight of Henrietta Lacks' humanity or the legacy of the family she left behind, a husband and children who endured prejudice, discrimination, social and financial disenfranchisement, and countless indignities. As Skloot tells the story of Henrietta and her family, it's impossible to ignore the social, racial, economic, psychological, and bioethical dimensions of this story, which could very well serve as a microcosm for many pivotal issues is the tortured history of race relations in this country and the development of bioethical research protocols.
B001UV4XFQ|5.0|I must say this was good and the story continues. At 55 I'm amazed at how this Twilight series has drawn me in and I see I am not alone by the Twilight Moms too. The love story that can't be, is. I can't wait until Breaking Dawn 1 & 2 to come out. I would also suggest to read the books before you see the movies so you can understand it better.
0811875555|5.0|This art book is worth every penny. Really a STEAL if you buy it from Amazon. Like the other art books; the art of Kung fu panda, and how to train your dragon, The art of Tangled showcases some of the most amazing and mesmerizing pre production paintings I've ever seen in my life. Because Tangled was the first ever \\"animated\\" movie from a classic farytail, the research of this project was really extensive; the directors will bring you back and forth into the characteristics of what makes a disney movie and how they are evolving throughout the generations from operatic and theatre like performances into the contemporary and realistic themes people seem to relate to these days. Amazing thought was put into finding the balance between the mastery of the past, and the freshness of the present(Haha, what kind of a term was that?). Some works from digital masters like Craig Mullins will knock you off your chair. How can you not buy a book with a a cover art of such beauty? I would pay $26 just for a cover like that to frame up.    My advice is, get this book. Sacrifice 5 macdonald meals.
B0010YFYGA|5.0|My mom's favorite movie is \\"The Jungle Book\\" so growing up it has been part of my life. This gift set comes with the movie and 3 pins of 3 popular characters. Disney made a smart choice with this set and I'm so happy to own it.
0439023513|4.0|In the final book of the Hunger Games trilogy, we get a complex and satisfying ending to the series.    Let's be honest: Collins could have taken the easy way out.  After Katniss won the Hunger Games not once but twice, and with a revolution clearly underway, Collins could have just wrapped up the loose threads of the story so far (Gale or Petra? how does President Snow get his comeuppance? how does Katniss live her life?).  But she didn't.  Instead, she took a look at the revolution itself, and delivered a much more complex story than I was expecting.    Katniss has become the symbol of a revolution against the powerful and cruel government.  She eventually finds herself without a home and forced to go to District 13, which the government had said no longer existed but which has actually become a revolutionary stronghold.  And there, she learns that she is just as much a pawn of the revolution as she was a pawn of that which they're revolting against.      As with its two predecessors, the book is unflinchingly violent -- and since this is a revolution, the violence is more pronounced.  Katniss's perspective on this violence has changed; instead of fighting for her survival and thus taking part in the violence, she's now often wracked with guilt over the violence of the revolution and how many people have died in her name even though she never intended to be the public face of a revolution.      The only thing that I didn't like about the book was the epilogue.  It felt like it was forced, and required only by those who required an absolute answer to the Peeta vs Gale debate.  But it does offer at least a little bit of hope, which isn't such a bad thing after all of the darkness of the trilogy.  I'd absolutely recommend all three books in the trilogy.  I read all three of them over the course of three days, and I'm sure I'll do so again soon.
0316066524|5.0|Is this novel worth your time?  \\"Infinite Jest\\" is a singular work, bearing both pitfalls and unique rewards.  Look elsewhere if you're expecting normal narrative satisfactions:  I think the novel fails if one considers its convoluted narrative structure, limited characterisation, and empty commentary on its purported subject matter;  however, the novel succeeds spectacularly as the embodiment of  the author's experience of the world.  The author's mind and psychology are embodied in key features of the text: the idiosyncratic virtuosity of the word surface; the humour created created out of obsessionality and the grotesque; and in each and every character's stasis, anxiety, and isolation.  Having been allowed a glimpse of David Foster Wallace's soul, I would risk speculating that we have been privileged to share a brilliant life, a brilliant life shaped by Asperger's Syndrome.<br /><br />Some biographical research is useful, given that (for over a month) you will be asked to look out of David Foster Wallace's eyes and to feel the world through his pores.  Online there are numerous interviews, including video with Charlie Rose, audio with Michael Silverblatt, and a sensitively judged piece by D.T.Max in the New Yorker.  Articles and, more recently, complete biographies document his interests, his unusual childhood, and education: many commentators weave these basic facts into a romantic tale of troubled genius.  Biographers also document Wallace's depression, the prescription of medication and ECT (electro-convulsive therapy), his time in half-way houses, and his tragic suicide.  Equally evident are his energy and his distress: however, the sources of both are left largely unexplored.  The biographical facts are compatible with Wallace having had Asperger's Syndrome; but better evidence for this diagnosis is provided by the text (or testimony) of Infinite Jest.<br /><br />Emotion is inherent in many scenarios in the book.  Yet the emotional impact is muted, and thespecific emotions evoked ambiguous and incongruous.  Rather than an instant unmediated effect, emotion is accessed through the intellect.  The emotion is acquired at a distance, and the intellect's conclusions remain open to interpretation - there is doubt as to what is being felt, by the reader, by the characters, and by the author.  Wallace has allowed the reader to re-enact the inner experience of Asperger's Syndrome, where emotion is present but access problematic.<br /><br />Given the reader's own intellect has been channelled through the synapses of David Foster Wallace, there is an obsessional surfeit of detail competing for attention with the clauses carrying the emotional import of a scene.  His sentences are like rivers, sweeping the reader far from the initial point of entry, and swamping the outsider's thought with the rhythmic torrent of his ideas.  Again, the reader is not only given a description of a mind that processes its experience with a hyper-articulate obsessionality and intense focus, but actually allowed to inhabit the mind (almost) first hand - if there is a justification for the excessive length of the book it might lie in the need to immerse the reader repetitively in order achieve this transfusion of experience.  The repetition itself, along with the obsessionality which verges on compulsive (the intense illumination of the prose can feel like a powerful spotlight wheeling about, with its operator only partly in command of its direction), evokes the experience of Asperger's (and of those elsewhere on the Autism Spectrum).  The verbal dexterity, especially when directed towards a special interest, is also found with Asperger's - although the level and breadth of virtuosity speak more of Wallace's  intellectual gifts.<br /><br />In regard descriptive passages, Wallace is at his most impressive recreating the anxiety, monomania, and isolation of drug addiction - numerous scenes depict the sensory experience associated with various drugs, along with the psychological battlefield of withdrawal and abstinence.  Less frequent but equally affecting are passages expressing the inner world of the severely depressed.  No doubt Wallace is speaking from his own experience, and to be able to translate this into vivid, exhaustive, and compelling language is a stunning achievement.  Towards the end of the novel there is an extended passage where one of the main protagonists, Hal Incandenza, in a state of withdrawal from marijuana and other drugs, relates his bewilderment at his own emotions - others can read his facial expressions, but he is disconnected from himself.  The prose shifts perspectives, subtlely manipulates tone, and takes the reader within Hal's experience - which can in itself be taken as that of an \\"Aspie\\".  Likewise the evocation of a delerium state experienced by another protagonist, Don Gately, is a bravura literary performance - it too occurring late in the novel and spanning many pages.  Drugs, delerium, emotional distress are patently difficult subjects: these, I think, are the best passages in the novel, but there is no escaping the reality that not every reader will relish a prolonged encounter with such subject matter.<br /><br />As mentioned earlier, less satisfaction is to be found in the plotting and characterisation.  There are three main strands to the book.  In one Hal Incandenza wrestles with memories and marijuana while doing his time at the Enfield Tennis Academy.  In the second, Don Gately works at Ennet House recovery facility for dependency, attending AA and NA meetings, and unexpectedly getting involved in a crisis.  In the third, Assassins des Fauteuils Rollents (Quebecois Separatist wheelchair-bound assassins) plot perversely motivated terrorist activities.  The first two strands are largely static, and the third absurd (and frankly a bit tiresome).  Exploring Hal's family and Gately's past are the motors for the first two strands - this strategy gains the reader's interest and, ultimately, is a method to deepen the characterisation.  The limitation here is the world view which emerges - every character, major and minor, is isolated.  There is precious little motivation in anyone to overturn this isolation; that is to say, there is no love between characters, requited or not, and no character risks yearning for a future relationship.  Even at a pragmatically physical level, Hal and Don are essentially sexless.  Hal's parents are glazed of all emotion, hermetically sealed by Hal's memory and incomprehension - his father's death is denied power through being rendered ludicruous and grotesque; his father's life is related as if Hal had heard of the man but never met him; his mother, similarly, is less a mother and more a figure to be observed.  Orin, Hal's brother, is long absent and his relations with women stilted and, with \\"the journalist\\", relegated to a joke.  A single line in the novel suggests that Orin had sex with his own mother, Avril: this is stated and never followed up.  In any case, the protagonists want so little, and demand so little of other people, that their inner priorities and motivations have no dramatic arena in which to be revealed.  While not true to the diversity of human experience, this presumption of isolation, and difficulty in reading one's own and others' emotional signals, poignantly depict core features of Asperger's Syndrome.<br /><br />Wallace validated the novel's form by placing himself in a tradition of largely American writing stretching through DeLillo, Hawkes, Barthelme, Pynchon and Barth, where the conventional focus on plot and character is secondary and the author's and reader's attention is directed elsewhere.  In interviews he plays up his formal pretensions by claiming the novel is structured according to a Sierpinski triangle: this is a mathematical construct and how this could afford structure to a narrative is opaque - even if Wallace were to explain his claim (and I'm sure the explanationwould be inventive and entertaining), a reader could rightly object that this was not the \\"structure\\" that scaffolded any actual reading.  In reality that role falls to the three parallel story strands.  There is some fracturing of the plot, some juggling of chronology, but these moves are standards manoeuvres, used often enough in novels (and in film) to provoke the reader into being an active participant in piecing together a coherent story.  Wallace stated that he wanted the endnotes to disrupt the reader's physical experience (the flipping back and forth), and to introduce layers of material in a manageable way - as with so much in the book, I think the actual effect of this technique is to take the reader inside the mind of Wallace, to mimick its habits, rather than to colour any objective commentary upon the world.  Personally, I'm not entirely won over by the aspirations of the tradition of literature mentioned, and, perhaps for better rather than for worse, I'm not sure Infinite Jest shares many of the cardinal features of the tradition.<br /><br />I wonder if the obscure vocabulary similarly reveals Wallace's inner state.  Many of the rare words are taken from medicine, botany, and mathematics and used out of context. This cross-fertilization might well be how Wallace's mind generally works: he has several streams of thought running simultaneously (consciously or semi-consciously) and sometimes they intertwine and the words of one stream bleed into the next.  There is also the sense that the world is primarily experienced as a manifold of individual objects (in contrast to other authors where human relationships constitute the bulk of the world); the vocabulary has an urgency to it, as if this multitude of things requires precise description in order to be comprehensible and so allay the immense anxiety generated by the plenitude of discrete objects - whereas Cormac McCarthy's arcane words make the world old and inscrutable, Wallace's make things sit neatand technical and gleaming.  It's almost as if every individual thing in the world has eyes, and is staring at Wallace, demanding his attention, and the only way to satisfy this throng is to assign each a precise and proper name.  The relationships between objects are also theatening in their exponential complexity; hence the conjoined conjunctions (and so but then, etc.) that stud the prose like nodes in a neuronal net.  It is unclear to Wallace which of the options takes precedence - for him, relationships are not felt but untangled by the intellect.<br /><br />The humour in the book comes in different flavours.  Often Wallace's taste is questionable.  The entire conceit concerning North American politics is shallow - possibly the ideas are worth a few laughs, but they are presented so repetitiously that they soon rankle.  An oversized agent in drag and an amputated assassin with contorted English syntax also merit only a chuckle or two - but Wallace presses on for countless pages - sometimes his persistence wins out, but more often the humour grows weary.  Persons on the Autism Spectrum can find repetition, and isolation for that matter, very soothing and pleasurable: thinking through what it took for Wallace to write this mammoth book one wonders whether some of the content actually reflects Wallace's needs. He said that he was surprised readers found the book funny - which makes me fear we're laughing at Wallace, at his quirks, at the mechanics of his mind, rather than with him.<br /><br />In interviews Wallace claims Infinite Jest is about addiction - undoubtedly it is.  Further he claims it is about entertainment - I think it says almost nothing of interest about this topic.  And he thinks it is about a \\"sadness\\" affecting his generation of privileged Americans - again I see the book as offering no general social commentary, and to label the book \\"sad\\" is to misrepresent its tone and content.<br /><br />For me, there are some ambiguously positive side effectsto reading the book: there is vicarious pleasure in the facility with words, with the capacity to see the world so clearly through language - the exuberance of mind induces a kind of manic euphoria; there is a defiant pride present, in Wallace having the wherewithall to construct such an object, and in the reader having the tenacity to read it to its end.  But the primary effects are negative: the book infects the reader with anxiety and agitation; and there is a solitariness - in every character, and in the very situation readers find themselves in, withdrawn from the world for the days it takes to finish the book; rather than sadness, there is a despair at there being no purpose, no meaning, beyond mere individual survival - getting through one day at a time, as per the recovering addict.  There is no love, no connection, no confidence in a human life shaped by family, friends, a sharing in the human condition.  This too is not sadness, but a kind of hopelessness, an emptiness, a loneliness.  The book has no proper end and, given Wallace's perspective, this too is negative in that author, reader, and characters are all trapped in an endless loop.<br /><br />The book is inimitable, brilliant, but it is less about the world than about a specific perspective on the world.  It is about the view from inside David Foster Wallace. I suspect this is the view of someone with Asperger's Syndrome, who is also blessed and burdened by high intelligence, and who has reacted to his experience of the world first with intense unrelenting anxiety and later with a consequent pervasive depression.
0060723513|5.0|A very spiritual and enjoyable story.  I would recommend it to everyone.  IT is about everything that mattters.
B003ZSJ212|4.0|A reviewer commented: \\"I ask George Lucas: How is any of this different from Ted Turner arguing that 'if color film had been more-widely available back in the 1940's...'?\\"  Here's how it's different.   It's his movie.  Turner didn't make movies.  And for anyone to alter the work of another is both arrogant, inflated and boorish.  No one's going to re-edit Citizen Kane, or colorize it, or include CGI (although the Xanadu exteriors could probably use it).  Welles isn't around anymore.  But when the director, the sole creative force (he wrote them too) says, \\"I want to change a few things,\\" who can argue?   So some now scream \\"It's not the way I remember it!  He changed it!\\" which really means he took away part of your adolescence when you giggly and gawked at the screen in 1977 like every other teenage nerd.  There are ample examples of artists retouching their works, and I mean fine artists like DaVinci and Michaelangelo and others.      Now if someone like Turner (who isn't really even doing this anymore) wanted to alter the work of another, they can and do.  It's called a re-make.  Think the new \\"True Grit.\\"  Jeff Bridges as John Wayne?  No, but Bridges is hot right now, so he's cashing in.  Harrison Ford in the Humphrey Bogart role in the re-make of \\"Sabrina.\\"  I think the originals should be left alone.  Wait until we get the CGI version of \\"Wizard of Oz\\" then I'll join the screaming too.    But Lucas can do as he pleases.  He apparently pleases to release the updated and in his opinion, up-graded \\"special edition\\" version of the original trilogy on Blue-Ray.  And I have all of those on DVD (and VHS and Laserdisc for that matter) but I'll buy the new BD versions too.
0451208706|5.0|This book offers Follett's thoughtful insight on several topics, from why wars happen to the ever challenging issues of race and gender.  Great story to keep readers interested and pondering life's questions.
B001I45UFC|5.0|I loved it couldn`t put it down. 8 stars. It is a awesome book. It is well written and full of avedenture. I loved it to the very end.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|I bought this for my husband for Christmas. I was a bit hesitant when he wanted to watch this with me. I am now hooked on it. I think the miniseries is great on many levels. I love that you are shown history in an entertaining way. I can not wait to see them all.
B0033TJATW|5.0|I remember seeing this in the 80s and I have been wanting to purchase a copy again. I love it and I am glad I have it as a part of my personal collection!
1400052173|5.0|This was a story well told, I never knew who henrietta lack was, until I read the story about here and in this story I learn alot her and the hela cell's. Henrietta died of cancer at and early age of her life and her family didn't know that they taking the cell's of her body and in a little place they grow and these cell's today help people all over the world, she would never know what her cell's has done for alot of us. It make me wonder when we go to the doctor what are they doing to us. Just think about it.
B002ZG98CS|1.0|Almost NO special features from a director who packs his discs with them?! Greedy companies (Like 20th Cent FOX) want to bleed us dry and have super-fans purchase 2 copies: (1) bare bones disc now and (1) \\"special directors cut\\" later. My advice: HOLD OFF, rent it now, and buy the (almost certain) re-release in a few months! It's happened COUNTLESS times with major releases and, quite frankly, is insulting. Show them we are wise to their games and won't be taken advantage of anymore!
044656740X|5.0|I enjoyed reading this book. The book made me want to further develop my interest on several financial concepts such as real estate and investing. I few of the concepts I was already aware of but it's nice to have the concepts reiterated for motivation. This is a good book for anyone who wants inspiration and want to learn more about money.
B003CNQPNS|5.0|If you love Street Hawk then you'll love this dvd. I has great extras and all 13 episodes and was a great buy...
B003EVFHYG|5.0|This album is truly one of John Powell's best works yet. The feel of the album as well as the stunning sounds create an album that has everything, the thrill seeking roller coaster junky in us, the naive and trustworthy friend in us, as well as the sad little kid in us. My favorite track on the album has to be \\"Forbidden Friendship\\" if only because it's so powerfully moving. I hope to see much more like this for HTTYD2 from Mister Powell.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This DVD has definitely replaced my gym membership.  I work two jobs and was barely getting to a gym that I was paying $70/month for.  I have been doing this workout a few days a week for the past 7 months (sometimes 2 levels in a row when I have more time on the weekends) and also run or use my elliptical machine.  I'm not overweight and I'm fairly active, but I had zero muscle mass before.  I now have actual muscles and can actually do push ups!  My running has improved and when I went skiing for the first time this winter, my legs also felt stronger from all of the squats.  I definitely notice the change in how my body looks/feels (my boyfriend has noticed too which is always nice!)!     I have also purchased two of her other DVDs, which I haven't done very often but they seem like a good change of pace.      My favorite thing about Jillian's workouts is her no-nonsense, HONEST attitude.  If you want to look/feel good, you have to WORK and it is HARD!  Don't try fad diets and other crazy trends... they don't work in the long run.  Use common sense!
B003XMXZCW|1.0|Ordered this DVD as a gift and the first copy would not play.  Sent it back and the replacement would not play either.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I don't like the changes that have been made to the films I loved, and won't buy this nor recommend it.
B002JVWR9U|5.0|Who needs to stand in line for Black Friday Specials. I purchased Vampire Diaries for a Christmas present at the same rock bottom price Target was offering. No getting up in the middle of the night. My daughter loves this series. She says Twilight move over, this show is were the real vampires live.
B000BO0LLS|5.0|Hello! I bought this CD last year and I have to say that it's amazing! I love Mimi!! Thanks so much Amazon for the opportunity to bought it :)
B004FPZ2LI|5.0|This is my second Kindle purchase of S&S. This one includes the classic illustrations (which look awesome in color on the Kindle ipad app). However, I usually read it on my Kindle 2. What I really like about this edition is the Kindle formatting. There are nice space breaks between paragraphs and everything wraps properly. It's a joy to read. I recommend it to all Kindle Janeites and anyone else who has never read S&S but wants to!
0446195529|5.0|Very happy AND satisfied with quick delivery.  Book was in amzing condition.  Have ordered from this company before and will do it again! Thank you for such quick delivery!
030746363X|5.0|As an elite runner i have read a vast amount of literature concerning running. The running chapters in this book contains information, ideas and insights that i haven't found in any of the conventional running literature - brilliant info that is.    Especially the fact that the author speaks of running from the point of view of a runner, not a coach. There could have been more stuff on the \\"spiritual\\" side of running, but if you want to read about such things, it is easy to obtain from other sources.    I have also consumed a lot of literature within the realms of sexuality, \\"The 4 Hour Body\\" does a great job at assembling information gathered from different sources and spicing the techniques with personal comments and lessons learned, a thing most sex books seems to neglect a bit.    Overall a great book! - mostly because of Tim Ferriss' amazing ability to make hardcore science digestible to the average Joe.     - Buy this book!
142311339X|5.0|First of all I promise, no spoilers! This book is amazing. that is the one word that can sum it up, and then even saying that is an understatement. It is another series and yet a continuation of the Percy Jackson series, which is by far my favorite series of all time. After reading The Last Olympian I thought the next books would not be able to top the previous ones, and yet Riordan manages to prove me wrong. When I picked this book up I simply could not stop reading it, and I honestly forgot I was reading a book, because it was so interesting.
B004BEMC6G|5.0|The three principal actors are all superb; real chemistry, albeit weird chemistry there. The first film in a long time where I was glad to see the setup for the sequel. The stunts are spectacular and credible. The plot has plenty of twists without becoming hopelessly confusing. Great cinematography; well scored. Everything comes together.
B003R4ZMO0|5.0|For those curmudgeons who want to write it off as another lame remake, you are missing out on a great show! It has all the best parts of the original, probably the best theme song ever on tv, the beautiful scenery of Hawaii(in Hi-def no less and plenty of action! What makes it even better is the chemistry between this shows Steve and Danno and the beautiful scenery of Grace Park in mostly bikinis and lingerie (in Hi-def no less)(LOL)!
B0046UGSNS|2.0|If you want to watch two lesbian moms with little affection for each other fight over a two dimensional sperm donor their kids discover and can handle poor editing, you'll love this movie.
B000003BES|5.0|Looked for this for a long time.  I remember first listening to the vinyl and later the 8 track in the 60's.  One of my favorite albums of the time, so much so I went out and bought all their previous albums (monoraul for $2 each) and they were even more than I hoped for.  You can't get better than vintage Stones.
B0042UEU8M|1.0|The flaws in this script are too numerous to bother mentioning, but Zac Efron is hott. That might be enough for this movie's target audience.
B004G6009K|5.0|Let's get a few of Tangled's bald spots out of the way...oddly executed and slightly deceptive marketing, a small chip or two in the plot, maybe one musical number that seems contrived, and....um....    Okay, that's pretty much it. This movie is FABULOUS.     Every instant is lively and witty. You actually have to see it numerous times to properly absorb the incredibly crafted dialog and character mannerisms. The first thing you notice is the visual splendor, but the unexpected treasure in Tangled is the heart and emotion to be gleaned from the expressions and interactions between the characters. None of the jokes are cheap and yet every instant is entertaining and engaging. Never have I seen 3D produce such emotive, relatable characters--or 2D for that matter. Thank the lord for good writing. And thank the lord for GLEN KEANE (hero to the animation world)!    The voice casting fits like a glove. I hesitated when I heard Mandy Moore was Rapunzel...but she is stunningly spot on and makes the character the lovable, adorable gift to the world she escapes out into. And Flynn Rider and Mother Gothel are impeccably voiced. IMPECCABLY.     The music has grown on me. To be frank, at first I was underwhelmed. But after hearing the soundtrack more times, I've started admiring Alan Menken's medieval-inspired score, and the incorporations of guitar that subtly lend a mellow soul element that surprisingly complements Tangled so well. The songs are Broadway material. \\"Mother Knows Best\\" is 100% stage-worthy and the lyrics are chock-full of amusements.    Beyond being an utter work of art in so many senses, Tangled is one of those movies that will improve your day. You will be delighted during every single minute you spend with Disney's 50th animated film.     The DVD is worth the pricetag. But I wholeheartedly recommend seeing it in theaters before it's gone too.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|One of the most beautiful Blu-rays I've ever seen!  We recently invested in a brand new HDTV and PS3, and this was one of our first choices for the new collection of Blu-rays.  We were not disappointed; I'm pretty sure this movie was made with the new technology in mind.  We're also huge fans of Star Trek, so all of that made this a perfect Christmas gift for the husband!  Definitely recommended!
0007263678|1.0|Sir Max Hastings is living proof that the British monarchy hands out knighthoods to practically anyone. This book is nothing more than leftovers served up as a new dish. There is absolutely nothing in this book that hasn't already been written by better writers and far better historians.    Personally, when I got to the sentence that describes the commanding general of the BEF during the inglorious defeat and subsequent rout from Dunkirk of the British army as someone who \\"lacked brains, as do most possessed of the suicidal courage to gain a Victoria Cross or Medal of Honor on page 22, I put the book down, never to pick it up again.    Mr Hastings has a very low opinion of people who have served in the uniform of their country, most likely because he never had the courage to do so himself. I have no respect for anyone who considers the recipient of his nation's highest military honor for valor as lacking brains and possessing only suicidal courage.    Anyone knows that a real historian lets the facts speak for themselves instead of inserting their own slanted views. The book is an epic failure for content and originality.
0810997827|5.0|This series of books have lit a fire under my 8 y/o son and he now enjoys reading.  He got them for Christmas and as of today (1/8/11), he has started the 3rd book.  He reads every chance he gets.
0439023521|5.0|As I started to read the Hunger Games, it reminded me of Battle Royale (a Japaneses novel which was later adapted to manga and film), which I also enjoyed very much. With Battle Royale, I only watched the film and did not get all the details that the book has to offer. With Hunger Games, as I was reading the book, I felt as I was in the Capitol on the parade. I imagine it'd be something like being on a parade in Times Square.     Read this book, if you want something entertaining. I read this book while I had my morning coffee, in the bathroom, while waiting for oil change to be done and etc. You get the idea. Whenever I had any spare time, I read the book. I even had a dream that I was walking in a pine forest area with a big lake. It's that good! Buy it! I'm going to read it for the second time until I wait for my Catching Fire's delivery.
1556438850|4.0|If you are new to teaching yoga, or maybe not so new and need some inspiration, I highly recommend this book.  This book contained everything in it that I was personally looking for.  It should definately be must- have addition to any teacher's library.  Those who have regular practice, can also become enlightened and informed by this book.
B003X2O6KW|1.0|What a brilliant artist Kanye West is at his best. He really is an artist, too, because he produces for himself and others, he raps and he (tries to) sing. He's a visionary. Unfortunately, the vision he had for \\"My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy\\" was quite a bad vision. I saw a lot of people in the store buying this album and I see all of the positive feedback this effort has received. I was also impressed with the album's lead single, \\"Monster.\\" Additionally, I really enjoyed \\"The College Dropout\\", \\"Late Registration\\" and \\"Graduation.\\" Needless to say, Kanye had set the bar high and my expectations were high. After listening to this, I was so very disappointed.<br /><br />This album is horrible to me and there is just no getting around that. I listened to it with an open mind and even listened to some tracks more than once to see if I could get from this album what others have apparently gotten, but nope, I feel the same way with every listen. This album is very \\"dark.\\" The instrumentation is very experimental and haunting. I do see his vision (I guess), but it was executed all wrong on so many levels. \\"Gorgeous\\" is really bad. It brings to \\"My Mind is Playing Tricks on Me\\" by The Geto Boys but it's not nearly as good. \\"Gorgeous\\" has lots of guitar and features Raekwon. Even a legend like him could not save this trash. \\"Dark Fantasy\\" is lame, but lyrically, this song is about as good as it gets on this album. I have seen Kanye be so much more profound on other songs than he is on this album. He really is a creative lyricist with some hilarious and great one-liners. But here? Child, please. They are few and far between. You'd be lucky to get 3 catchy lines in each song. \\"Devil in a New Dress\\" is a guitar-laden song that features the incredible Rick Ross. This is one of the album's better moments, but it's still not great. It's OK at best.<br /><br />I could not get into this album and never will be able to. It's one dimensional and overall bad. I still believe in him. There is nothing wrong with stepping outside of the box, and he definitely has that to his credit as far as this album is concerned, but he's right, this LP is \\"dark\\" and \\"twisted.\\" But beautiful? I think not! Grab his first two albums. They should just recall it and be done with it.<br /><br />Mikeisha's Top 5<br /><br />1. \\"Monster\\"<br />2. \\"Devil in a New Dress\\"<br />3. \\"So Appalled\\"<br />4. \\"All of the Lights\\"<br />5. \\"Dark Fantasy\\"thing wrong with stepping outside of the box, and he definitely has that to his credit as far as this album is concerned, but he's right, this LP is \\"dark\\" and \\"twisted.\\" But beautiful? I think not! Grab his first two albums. They should just recall it and be done with it.    Mikeisha's Top 5    1. \\"Monster\\"  2. \\"Devil in a New Dress\\"  3. \\"So Appalled\\"  4. \\"All of the Lights\\"  5. \\"Dark Fantasy\\"
B000VBIGD6|5.0|This was the funniest of all the chevy chase's movies about vacations. I give it 5 stars because of the all star cast and the great writing. Randy Quaid was so good in this movie-he played his part brillantly. I would recommend to anyone who wants a great christmas comedy to get this movie. You won't be sorry.
030746363X|4.0|Reading this book has over whelming information if you are intending on trying it all out.     I had to start making notes so I could remember what to do.     It's a great read and at times funny or even a reference book, has plenty of helpful pictures and instructions.    I've just finished trying out a few of the exercises like the 6 minute Abs routine of CAT VOMIT and Myotatic Crunch and will have to say I feel it does work, in fact I do notice a light change already.    For the price you pay and the quality of information offered, it's probably one of the best value hardcover books currently on the market today and I buy and read a lot.     If anything it has enough tweaks to change your life for the better.    I recommend it for sure to add to your library.    Raymond
B004GNYGTI|4.0|This movie was well written and acted.  Angelina Jolie did an excellent job playing this character.  It was full of suspense and kept you interested through out the entire film.
B002JVWR9U|5.0|I love this series and its great on dvds with no commercial interruptions. I love the pictures they put on the box and the insert that came with it. It also has great pictures and a little synopsis of each character. Its a great buy and Im very glad I bought it when it was $20 bucks.
B002ZG98CS|4.0|Most have seen the amazing \\"Machete\\" trailer  before Grindhouse/Planet Terror. At the time it was a fake trailer, but after much want for it, they turned it into a full-blown movie.<br /><br />For being an \\"exploitation\\" movie, it has some pretty big names in it, and all do a great job. It's also nice to see Danny Trejo in a starring role after all these small (but great) ones he's had in the past.<br /><br />Right off the bat, I'll say the movie isn't fantastic. The original trailer was jam-packed with exploitation, action and \\"That was just AWESOME!\\" Moments, and it's hard to make a whole movie that can live up to that.<br /><br />With that said, it's a very fun movie for fans of the genre. Be ready for some blood and guts (and with a name like \\"Machete\\", what do you expect?) - this is definitely for the hardcore fans.<br /><br />It's not quite up to the caliber of Grindhouse or Planet Terror, but it's a nice \\"B-Side\\" to it which is very fun to watch (both for the over-the-top moments, the characters and some of the jokes).<br /><br />The Blu-Ray looks VERY NICE, probably nicer than it should. Colors are great, picture is sharp and all-around a nice Blu-Ray disc. Same is true for the audio.. lots of explosions, music and sound effects that come across great.<br /><br />The problem, however, are the extras. You do get a digital copy (itunes compatible so it'll work on Apple TV, iTunes PC/Mac and iPod/iPhone/iPad) on disc 2, but the only features are a few deleted scenes (maybe 10 minutes worth?), trailers and an \\"audience reaction track\\" (alternate audio recorded from a live theater audience so you can hear their reactions has you watch the movie).<br /><br />The problem, however, is that there has to be more.. Robert Rodriguez is like the KING of great home-video releases. He's usually got tons of behind the scenes footage, commentaries, interviews, extended/directors cuts, home-movie-school, cooking school, etc.. and none are found here. It really seems like they held it for an \\"unrated cut\\" a few months down the road (similar to the extras-free Avatar release and the new 3-disc extended cut). Unfortunately, with it being \\"Machete\\" and not \\"Avatar\\", I don't know if sales will be good enough for them to ever release a \\"special edition\\" version.<br /><br />Overall this is a very fun movie, looks/sounds great and only leaves you wanting more from the extras.<br /><br />If you liked Kill Bill, Grindhouse, Planet Terror, Deathproof or any of the other over-the-top exploitation movies.. check it out!ad (similar to the extras-free Avatar release and the new 3-disc extended cut). Unfortunately, with it being \\"Machete\\" and not \\"Avatar\\", I don't know if sales will be good enough for them to ever release a \\"special edition\\" version.    Overall this is a very fun movie, looks/sounds great and only leaves you wanting more from the extras.     If you liked Kill Bill, Grindhouse, Planet Terror, Deathproof or any of the other over-the-top exploitation movies.. check it out!
B002ZG981E|5.0|A brilliant movie! I loved it so much and I have seen it 4 times so far. It has a lot to offer and makes you think about a lot of things in the movie and your life.   If you liked the Matrix movie, you are going to enjoy this one too!
B0040JHWKS|5.0|\\"Darkness on the Edge of Town\\" had already been out a couple years when I first heard it as a young teenager.  At that time, I was a new Springsteen fan.  When I finally heard \\"Darkness,\\" it was as if someone had distilled my emotions and put them on record.  But after \\"Nebraska,\\" I started to lose interest in Springsteen's projects; it seemed his spark had vanished, at least in the recording studio.  Listening to this cd takes me back to those magical moments when I was a teen and first heard \\"Born to Run,\\" \\"Darkness,\\" and \\"The River.\\"  These songs are heartbreakingly beautiful, and there's no mistaking the enchanting sounds of the E Street Band.  Unbelievable.
0763644765|5.0|This is one heck of a cute book. My 18 month old especially likes the page where the kid finally poops and has a surprised look on his face, HAHAHA its priceless! My son likes copying that face. It has opened up great discussions about poop in our home, which pleases my husband and I a great deal. The ways parents get their kicks ... When we first got the book my mother came over and read him the story while pointing to his potty, and he just stared at his potty throughout making the connection. Afterwards he started going up to his potty before he poops. One step at a time! I plan on reading it and others to him on the potty next. 5 stars!
B003V6L94Q|5.0|I love Zac Brown and his songs. I love this album. And the single with Alan Jackson is already a country music favorite..
030746363X|3.0|I had higher hopes of this book. I think it's written kind of chaotically and that the methods used are not really durable. If you want an extreme approach to health and fitness, I suggest you look into other ways to gain lean muscle mass such as raw food. Anyway, it does offer a few useful pointers.
1416589473|4.0|By now, most of us should be well acquainted with the framework of Joseph Campbell's Hero's Journey or monomyth theory or whatever it was called (because I really don't remember right now, and I probably wasn't paying too much attention in class). You know, hero gets called; hero refuses call; hero winds up going anyway; hero enters into innermost cave; stuff happens; hero dies; hero resurrects; hero returns... Wait a second...    And therein lies the major part of my beef with this book. It seems like the deadline came about or something, and the author got to a certain point and decided not to write any more of the story FOR NO GOOD REASON AT ALL. Maybe he thought he was being artistic? Whatever the reason, all I know is that when I was finished, I turned the book over, and said aloud, \\"where the heck is the rest of my story?\\" Forbeck? Grubb? What happened, guys? Where's the rest of my story, man?    Anyway, about the story itself. We find ourselves following a brief portion of the life of one Dougal Keane as he's sent into an inhospitable situation to recover a McGuffin alongside a ragtag group of weirdos. And, thank heavens Keane is likable, because so many of the folks he's saddled with are not. I can safely say that throughout the entire book, there were only two other characters I WASN'T hoping would get killed in some horrible manner -- and imagine my dismay when one of them actually was. I'm just gonna throw this out there, but the love interest (if it's even safe to call it that) was an insufferable she-wolf for the entire book! That glacier doesn't melt, fellows.    There's enough action to keep you riveted, and I found the scene setups to be particularly well-done with vivid descriptions of areas and their inhabitants that were short, sweet, but not lacking in depth. Some of the mechanics shone through, but it's based on a game -- what would you expect? I found it interesting that part of the Guild Wars mythology was turned on its ear -- as someone we previously thought was level-headed actually proved to be quite insane... Scratch that, thinking about it now, he was already nuts, but the chronicle of his descent into further madness proved interesting anyway.    For all the problems I seem to have with the book, It's still a great read. It's like Indiana Jones... Except, imagine that Indy's at that ancient pedestal and about ready to swap the statues. He makes the swap -- and the movie ends right there! It's just like that.
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|This has been the best series on tv and we will miss it.  I have watched every episode since season one and enjoyed them all.
1405248378|1.0|we ordered this book on dec 7th as christmas  gift.Today is January 7th still no book.for some reason the book depository can not be contacted because they do not give out there information.In other words no books no refund nothing ive never had this problem with amazon before but i will never ever buy from outside the U.S. again especially from the book depository.
B004FP1WX0|1.0|I was inclined to use my $5 promotional coupon to watch this movie because I was led by the trailer to believe there would be a \\"thrilling\\" and/or dramatic twist at the end.  Instead it became a narrative about an internet sociopath, almost glamorizing it and trying to make us feel sorry for a woman that engages in sociopathic behavior.    Anybody that knows the internet knows where this movie is going within 10min., unless you're like me and foolishly believe that this will have a cheesy but entertaining twist like Paranormal Activity.  Instead the filmmakers follow their internet lover to discover she is a fraud.  We are supposed to feel empathetic because she has terminal cancer and is lonely raising handicapped boys.  As somebody who has an equivocally handicapped brother this is where it became distasteful.  Glorifying this woman's sociopathic behavior is abhorrent.  She has a young daughter and a husband, she is not even as isolated as my parents , and they wouldn't begin to do what she does.  In one seen the woman refers to one of the handicapped boys saying she can only explain his behavior as \\"retarded.\\"  That is messed up.  If anybody said that about my brother anybody in my family would flip, let alone say it ourselves.  If you are truly the caring human being worth empathizing with, you'd have anything else to say about the children you're raising.  Even if you do pity her situation, just because your life is depressing doesn't give you the right to mess with other peoples emotions and life.    This is of course if the movie is real, I think it's the conception of three M Night Shyamalan wannabes (they have the endings down), one of which is a dude with a tramp stamp.  Enough said.
B002ZG981E|2.0|I was very disappointed with this film. I had considered going to watch this movie in the theatre because I assumed the special effects would be great and considered that the story might be one of those that takes you on a truly emotional journey. Ultimately I decided not to watch it in the theatre and now I'm glad that I didn't miss anything! Yes, the visual effects of the film are nice, but even those are less than what I thought they might be, and if you have seen the trailers for the film you've already seen the best visuals the film has to offer.<br /><br />The story was interesting at the outset, but even at its most convoluted times was still never dynamic. I kept waiting for the film to pull me in and give me that emotional connection resulting in that rare cinema buzz you sometimes get from that type of film that takes you on a journey that engages you, but this film never delivered, at least not for me.<br /><br />I suppose there was some effort to try to take you down the philosophical path of how it can sometimes be difficult to separate fantasy from reality, but even this path was barely a scratch in depth. It could simply be that the writer or director, whoever was most responsible, lacks depth themselves in order to bring this film into something more than surface-level eye candy.<br /><br />The film was certainly adequate enough from a visual standpoint, and Di Caprio is always great - best actor of my generation I think. The rest of the acting is adequate but nothing special. The film is little more than eye candy with nothing important to say.<br /><br />Blockbuster films like this one I tend to judge more harshly than I do a film that is not a blockbuster or to which I have little or no expectations of. I think most of us do that, it's simply a reality of life that when you are let down or disappointed you react more negatively than if you had little or no expectations to begin with. That said -<br /><br />FINAL GRADE: C-
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Someone tell me where you purcahsed the time machine to get the blu-ray and review it? That is amazing!! Why review something that you havent even seen yet? I know everyone here has probably seen the movies, but not in this format yet. PS I had to rate it because it wouldnt let me post without rating.
B001MYIXAW|5.0|hypnotic beautiful film making of the highest order    this is a work of beauty whereas the twilight films are a franchise and a souless product     this is how vampire movies should be made
B000VDDDY6|5.0|okay, so the clear dvd pack is a PITA, and the top-opening case is odd, what's inside is a jewel. or a series of jewels. this fabulous set is worth every penny and then some. a must for any trekkie, even a mild one!
B00447G2MK|5.0|I started listening to this band last year when they started getting a bit more popular and I fell in love with their music. The first listen of this CD I will admit that I was expecting something a bit heavier, but after a few listens, this has become one of my most played albums. If you are an ADTR fan you will probably like it. If you are a pop-punk-screamo crossover person who is looking for a band that isn't \\"pop\\" music but also isn't screamo, you will probably like this album more as opposed to older ADTR albums. This album is great. 5/5.
B0044XV3QY|1.0|It would not play on any of my Blu-Ray DVD players.  It keeps trying to update software but doesn't.  I am ready to throw it out. My friend couldn't play it on any of his Blu-Ray players either.  Checked the blogs and this is common.  Last one I buy until they fix it.  What a waiste of money.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|These things are bad to the bone.  There's no reason to look at anything else.  Simply the best.
B001O2S7XA|4.0|This toy is good if you are looking for a starter track for your child.  It gets much better reviews than the Criss-Cross Crash one.  It is pretty neat.  Sometimes the same car will go around up to three times.  That is pretty cool.  It seems to take most hot wheels cars, but not all.  It definitely burns through D batteries very quickly, so make sure your child turns it off when s/he is done with it.  Both my 5 year old boy and 3 year old girl love it.  It is a toy that probably needs to be supervised since now and then the cars fly off of the track.  It is reasonably priced, compared to others and is very easy to put together.  I would definitely buy this one again.
B002R0F3Q2|5.0|For no particular reason, I do not like Alicia Keys. I am not a critic but I think she wins too many awards (grammy's in particular) because of who she is and not the measure of her music. But nevertheless, this is about her cd.    I bought this cd because I liked the song \\"Un-Thinkable (I'm Ready)\\". And I thought why not. When I finally heard the album there were a few tracks that stood out. After another few listens, I can now let the cd play without skipping.    Her vocal performances are very soft and relaxing (sometimes she just yells for no reason), she also sings very deep and meaningful lyrics. My favorite tracks are:  1. Thats how strong...../Love is My Disease  2. This Bed  3. Put It in a Love Song   4. Wait till ya see my smile   5. Doesn't mean anything    Even though she anoys me, I still like this album.
B001IBIHQ4|4.0|The series treats the Pacific war as primarily an act of sustained endurance, and less a recognition of comradeship and collective valour in a noble cause like Band of Brothers, to which comparisons are inevitable, if unfair. The two series are simply different in intent and execution, though The Pacific's ratings doubtless suffered owing to executive producer Tom Hanks's insulting moral relativism and imputations of mindless racism against Pacific veterans in pre-broadcast publicity.     The series is better than that, and should not be judged on the basis of Hanks's intellectual malapropisms alone. I had originally decided to pass on buying it because of Hanks's stupid statements, but since I received a $50 gift card at work as an attaboy, I eventually decided to use it to get the set.     The series production values are excellent, though the pace of combat is different depending on which campaign is being depicted; the Peleliu landing and advance across the airfield are particularly impressive, ditto the night battle on Guadalcanal where John Basilone (note mis-spelled name in the Amazon.ca product description) earned the Medal of Honor. The Okinawa battles are impactful in showing what was endured, physically and psychologically.     James Badge Dale (Leckie), John Seda (Basilone) and Joseph Mazello (Sledge) are all excellent, as is Annie Parisse playing Lena Basilone. Seda particularly projected more maturity/gravitas than his (obviously younger) character on the NBC series Homicide in the '90s.     The over-emphasis on race and the constant showcasing of language used to describe a frankly despicable enemy cost the series a star since they distort that dimension of the conflict, though such presentations are in keeping with the mainstream \\"scholarly\\" take on the war and United States culture at the time. The presentation of the brutalizing effects of constantly killing a vicious enemy that needs to be wiped out since he won't surrender is accurate (e.g., tooth collecting), but could be misconstrued by the unknowing as being due to \\"racism\\".     Overall, the series is worth buying and watching closely. It stands distinct from Band of Brothers, and is its equal.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I've had this on my blu ray wish list forever, and didn't waste any time ordering it. This is the scify series that set the bar for everything that came after it. What's not to like?
B00428CPUY|5.0|I got as a gift for a friend. After him ranting and raving about it I got 1 myself and it was amazing!
0525423273|5.0|This was a wonderful book that I couldn't put down.  Anna's character was hilarious and sometimes self-deprecating.  All of the people in the story were relatable and there weren't any flat characters.  The romance was also believable, Anna and St.Clair didn't have some \\"love at first sight\\" connection, they built a friendship first and let it go from there.  Stephanie Perkins was really good at making the story something anyone could relate to and believable. This was one of my favorite books by far.
B000SGGUWS|5.0|A great book FOR TEENS AND OLDER.best thing I have read since Twillight. so addicting I read the entire book in one sitting because I couldnt put it down!!!!!!!!!!!!!WORTH EVERY PENNY!!!!!!!!!!!READ IT!!!!!!!!!
B0042JTDXK|5.0|I wasn't expecting it to be 5* after reading so many negative reviews, but I went ahead and bought the cd because I know his voice. I was greatly impressed and I think it will become my favorite Josh Groban cd yet (except maybe his Christmas album). Every song here is beautiful and there's not one I dislike. The song selection and arrangements suit his amazing voice in a wonderful way. Follow the advice of many others and listen to it before buying it because it IS different and depending on your personal taste you may or may not appreciate this type of different. I hope you love it as well as I do!
B002ZG980U|5.0|Inception is truly a mind freak. You will be searching for answers long after the movie is over and coming back for more. Combined with amazing special effects, solid acting, and a pretty good story line to boot, it's a great movie. If you don't understand it the first time, be sure to watch it again as many people I have spoken to don't understand it, but once you do it's a movie you will be coming back to.
B003O86FMW|5.0|Amazing how Suzanne Collins keeps it fresh amd even more intense! There's no question of whether not to read the sequel. It's a given!
030746363X|5.0|We bought this book recently, started the plan on 1/2/11. I've already lost 7.5 lbs, my husband, who has some pretty serious diabetes, has lost 6. IN 5 DAYS..... Better than that, we have seen AMAZING results in his blood sugar levels. It has been challenging figuring out insulin doses, with such great results from just a few changes in diet. He has been below 100 5 times this week, and hasn't been over 160, until today, our pig out day, when it is 358..... Thank you, Thank you, Thank you, Tim, for this great lifestyle changer! You've probaly saved my husband's life.
B0045NXMMQ|4.0|Like many of the other folks reviewing this, I'm a big Jean-Pierre Jeunet fan.  Amelie, City of Children (La cit des enfants perdus), Delicatessen, etc...all exceptional movies and all having those surrealistic, fantastical, whimsical-laden settings and heart-tugging story lines that Jean-Pierre Jeunet does so well.  Micmacs seems very much in the same vein of his previous films with a minor exception for me.  I just didn't feel the character development was on par with his previous works.  That one little ingredient in a Jean-Pierre Jeunet film that usually cements the experience for me is a level of empathetic bonding with the characters.  He's phenomenal at portraying and visualizing a character's emotional response in a way that is so easy to relate to, usually in a very child-like and innocent way.    And that's where this movie just didn't quite reach the same bar as the rest of his works (for me anyway). The cinematography and set design were, per usual, incredible.  The story line is interesting and entertaining, and the ensemble of characters he's created have that magical element, but I can't say I felt the same level of emotional connection to the characters as I have in his past movies.  It seemed like he didn't have enough time to develop the background and pull the viewer in so effortlessly, say like the opening sequence in Amelie (still one of my all-time favorite sequences in a movie).    If you like Jean-Pierre Jeunet films, I expect you'll like this.  I did, just not quite as much as his previous works (a couple of which I would probably rate 6 out of 5 stars), but it was still a very enjoyable escape during the hour and 45 minutes it ran.  Definitely worth a watch.
0312600844|3.0|This book captures the reality of much of the present day.  The writer certainly has an engaging writing style.  But having finished it I wondered how deep the story is.
B0002V7O3S|5.0|I've been waiting 17 years to see this movie. haha I remember seeing the commercials on TV but I was too young to see it on my own. I FINALLY got a copy of the DVD and was very happy. It's a great movie and is an amazing story. Highly recommend to anyone interested in UFO's and abductions.
B002ZG981E|5.0|You can't go wrong with a Blu-ray / DVD / Digital Copy of a fantastic blockbuster hit.  I'm still hook every time I watch.
B0009HLD0K|5.0|We haven't watched this DVD yet but bought the movie because it is one of our feel-good favorites. This will replace an old videotape. I assume the DVD will be a good addition to our collection.
0316098337|4.0|I wasn't sure what to think at first, but once I got into the book it was a very quick read and I did enjoy it. As was meant to be, the writing style was choppy - the story was told through a 5 year old, but that also made it fun (or as fun as this subject matter can be - no matter who the story is told through). It was interesting to look through a child's eyes at a situation he didn't or couldn't comprehend as he knew nothing else, but because of that there were parts of the story that lacked. Important happenings weren't developed to the extent that they could have been, but had they been they may have lead the story in a different direction and this was most likely the case for not developing Old Nick, the escape and rescue being a seemingly easy event, and the mother's depression not evolved enough to make the jump to the choices she made later on.    The takeaway I found quite interesting is how malleable a child's mind is and how being born into any situation is 'normal' if you don't know or haven't experienced anything else. There is a line spoken by a Dr. after the escape in which he states that 'Jack may not even remember the events of ever living in or being in the room as he continues to grow,' where as the mother had a life and memories prior to the room and obviously had a much more difficult time adapting to her situation when forced to live in the room and then again once she was out having to readapt to her previous 'normal' life.    If you can get past the 5 year old narrative and don't mind if every turn of events isn't completely clarified, I recommend this book.
0896898288|5.0|A quilt book with a little history included.  There are many blocks to choose from today but it is great to find a book that includes blocks from early years with a little history included.
0312370849|5.0|Book was in great condition.  The book itself was written so well and was so moving and eye-opening to a period in history that I was not familiar with.  This book is on the list with one of my favorites.
1596062754|4.0|Our hero John Perry is back and after having served his term in the CDF, has finally settled down with his wife Jane and adopted daughter Zoe. Life is good, but after a while John and Jane get a seemingly innocuous request to lead the colonization of a new world and accept the chance to explore more of the galaxies once more. However, John and Jane are unwittingly pawns of the Colonial Union against the new alliance of alien races collectively known as The Conclave. Consequently, The Conclave are not playing nice and wish to rather abruptly end the existence of humanity. With all of this taking place, John must still protect and lead this new human colony while figuring out just what the Colonial Union has planned for the new colony of Roanoke.<br /><br />The overall story of The Last Colony is well-paced and not bogged down with many useless subplots that normally end up adding nothing to a book or to simply distract a reader from the main plot lines. Scalzi did a pretty good job of accomplishing this and stuck to the main plots very nicely. It's sad to see the end of a series like this one. Then again, the mark of a good series is having the reader want more of it and mission accomplished in regards to that. I went through all three books (minus Zoe's Tale, which isn't really part of the series in terms of sequential story telling/plot elements) in a little under a week and was definitely entertained by them all. If you enjoyed Starship Troopers, The Halo Series, or just like science fiction in general - you definitely owe it to yourself to check out this book and the 2 books that preceded it in Old Man's War (Book 1) and The Ghost Brigades (Book 2).<br /><br />The only other thing I'll add to this review is that I disagree with other reviews who say you don't necessarily have to read the other books in the series to grasp this one. That's partly true. You really don't need to read the Ghost Brigades to understand too much of this as its explained at fair detail in the beginning chapters, but you're doing yourself an injustice if you don't at least read John Perry and Jane's back-story/main story from Old Man's War.<br /><br />-Travis S.ng chapters, but you're doing yourself an injustice if you don't at least read John Perry and Jane's back-story/main story from Old Man's War.     -Travis S.
B002VPE1AW|2.0|Fantastic movie w/a message in the story line.  This is a movie that we bought so that we could watch it repeatedly.  If you enjoy fantasy, or just enjoy a political message about saving our planet, you might want to have this video in your library.
B001EYGOEM|5.0|The CD was in my mailbox almost as soon as I had ordered it.  Packaged well and perfectly new!  Granddaughter liked it as a stocking present!
B001US29I2|5.0|This is a perfect gift for any Star Wars fan! One of my boys received this as a Christmas gift. There was enough Legos in this set for him and his other siblings to have fun building it.
B001UV4XFQ|5.0|After reading all the books, my favorites were the first one, Twilight, and the last - Breaking Dawn.  The movies, however, have evolved one by one with script, makeup and special effects.  I was disappointed in the makeup and some of the effects in Twilight. New Moon was much better with the effects and not so chalky with the makeup.  Eclipse is the next evolution and definitely the best yet.  The casting of Taylor Lautner as Jacob is one of the best choices ever.  I thought that even the first time we saw him in Twilight and he has grown with the part. (Kudos to Taylor for beefing up to fit the part so well!)        In Eclipse, there is more action (Victoria's newborn army) as well as more romance as Bella and Edward have a night to themselves in the Cullen house. The highlight scene of the movie for me was the tent scene in which Edward and Jacob have a very candid conversation about their feelings while Bella sleeps, warmed against the freezing cold by the \\"hot\\" werewolf's body.  I can't wait to see how they handle Breaking Dawn!
030746363X|5.0|AMAZING BOOK!!!!!!!!    Timothy Ferriss is the closest thing to master of everything.  I've had this book 2 weeks and already in the best shape of my life!  A must buy if you're SERIOUS on loosing weight!
B0000AM6IY|5.0|West Side Story, taken from the Broadway play of the same name in the 1950s, draws its parallels to Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet.  Rival gangs want to \\"rumble\\" and the single members within each, Maria and Tony, are in love, surrounded by the hate and animosity of their respective groups.<br /><br />I won't draw the parallels to Shakespeare here; just suffice to say that the fights, the characters and the lovers all have their counterparts.  But West Side Story is not so much about the plot and the at-times one-dimensional characters.  It's about the music.  It's about the dance!<br /><br />Wonderful choreography by Jerome Robbins and the amazing tunes by the team of Leonard Bernstein and Stephen Sondheim, just take you away.  You can't help yourself, it's so mesmerizing and at times dark and depressing.<br /><br />The movie, despite light tunes like \\"Tonight\\", and \\"Maria\\" has its dark overtones.  The murder of two of the gang members and Tony's involvement, the betrayal and lies after the attempted rape of one of the Puerto Rican women by the Jets and Maria's final act makes for some somber storytelling.<br /><br />But as in Shakespeare, this is a tragedy, and as a tragedy will be dark but will also give the viewer hope for a love gained and lost.<br /><br />The production values are quite high.  The cast can't help themselves but to dance as they walk, dance as they stroll, dance as they match each other stride for stride, movement for movement.  A wonderful, electrifying experience!<br /><br />11 Academy award nominations and winning ten.  This was a big film for Natalie Wood (Gypsy, Splendor In The Grass) and her co-star Richard Beymer (The Longest Day, Twin Peaks).<br /><br />The amazing choreography is just to die for.  I'd love to see these performed on stage someday.
B00000612G|5.0|After his excellent debut solo album `Stranger in the Town' I had high hopes for `Undiscovered Soul' and if anything Sambora has managed to surpass himself. The song writing on offer here is more mature and his voice seems to have gotten better, so much so in fact that I am inclined to prefer it to Jon Bon Jovi's. His guitar playing is as great as ever and the whole album seems more sophisticated than `Stranger..'. The title track is incredible and is an amazing way to end the album and `Harlem Rain' has a great guitar intro that I never tire of. If you are a fan of Sambora's first album then this will right up your street and when he can produce music like this I wonder why he doesn't go solo and carry on creating more great albums in his own name. Well worth checking out.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Ok, I do understand all you angry fans not liking the changes. I'm big fan myself. But you really have to understand that this is Mr. Lucas' real storyline. The way he meant it. And for me, I've been waiting for the complete saga to come out since it was announced the prequels were going to be filmed (!!). So yes, it's been a very long long wait and I am very happy because it is finally going to be over. ... and changes or no changes, Han Solo remains my favorite Hero in this amazing saga. I gave it 5 stars because I'm really happy about it. I of course have not seen these unreleased BRs.     I do believe the prequels are really bad and could live with IV-VI only. But still, I want my complete saga. Don't trash it just yet. If you think it's not worth it, don't buy it.
B00275EHJG|4.0|`Toy Story 3' is another delightful sequel to finish the series up in a way befitting the high standard this has set for itself.<br /><br />When Andy goes to college, Woody and his friends end up in a children's daycare centre. But soon it comes to light that all is not quite what it seems and this rapidly turns into a prison break film, with all of the genre in-gags that that entails.<br /><br />This film has all the old characters we have grown to love, as well as some new ones to keep things interesting. These include a camp Ken doll, a fiendish pink teddy bear and a Ghibli Totoro toy. The hilarious voice-over talents are prevalent throughout and that special brand of humour unique to Toy Story films is still there. This has a great storyline to keep kids interested and the numerous smaller touches adults will notice to keep things feeling fresh and which Pixar have become renowned for. The animation is as superb as always and I really noticed how well the trees were rendered and the use of light, these may have stood our more on Blu-ray, but they are impressive regardless.<br /><br />All in all this is a worthy successor to the other films and if you enjoyed the previous films (and to be honest didn't we all!) then you should find this enjoyable too. They left things nicely tied up and hopefully Pixar won't feel the urge to rehash this particular franchise as it still has a warm place in many hearts and this film only adds to that. Well worth a viewing at some point.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B000TU16GS|5.0|Alex Rider is the most amazing kid ever, I have read the whole series and liked all the books.
B002ZG99CM|4.0|`The Karate Kid' is a credible remake of an eighties classic and whilst it is pretty enjoyable, it's not without it's flaws.<br /><br />For some reason this doesn't seem as heartwarming as the original. It feels too slick, Jaden Smith comes across as too cocky and the `romance' doesn't seem realistic enough either. Perhaps the biggest flaw is that this is actually a Kung Fu movie and to call it `Karate Kid' is a blatant cash in on the previous franchise and shows a lack of courage on behalf of the producers. This is also highly disrespectful to both martial arts.<br /><br />The story stays pretty close to the original premise. Kid moves to a new town (only this time it's in China), gets beaten up by bullies, enters tournament to overcome his adversaries and gets trained by a quiet maintenance man who shows the deeper side to martial arts. Jackie Chan is really good as the Sensei but he is no Mr Miyagi! He comes across as a lot more dishevelled, but is still endearing in his own way.<br /><br />It is worth noting that the sets and scenery in China are breathtaking and the fights scenes themselves seem especially well choreographed. If you haven't seen the original film then this will be perfectly good entertainment and the story is as timeless as ever. But, if you have seen the original this may well leave you feeling slightly disappointed and frustrated. This is good in it's own right and may have had more credibility if the producers had had the courage to stand this apart from the original film and marketed it on it's own merits rather than trying to tie it into a cult film loved by many.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B003UESJJC|5.0|I can honestly say that I put Apocalypse Now at the top of my list of best movies of all time, and this Blu ray edition really does justice to it.  First off, having both the theatrical version (my preferred version) and the Redux version in one set is amazing.  Then, adding to that the extras like the making of documentary, you get quite a fantastic set here.  And then, add the amazing picture and sound you get from the blu-ray conversion, and you have a perfect set. I whole heartedly recommend this for anyone appreciates inspired film making!
B000VDDWDS|5.0|`Master and Commander', for me at least, is one of those films that surprises you by how good it turns out to be. I wasn't expecting to be gripped and captivated as much as I was. This is set during the Napoleonic wars and follows an English ship as it is chased and as it chases a French warship of superior size and strength. This basic premise may seem rather staid, but this has so much tension, as the cat and mouse game is played out, that the just over two hour duration goes by in the blink of an eye.<br /><br />This conjures up the tensions, fears and excitements of life on the high seas and offers a fascinating look at life onboard one of these ships, from the captains table to the men on deck. You will enjoy the rough camaraderie and carousing amongst the crew, as well as the superstitions and cabin fever long stretches at sea engenders.<br /><br />This film is shot very well and you are quickly pitched into the cramped and close quarters of life onboard. You see how the men live and fight and the hierarchy onboard as well. All the accents are `most frightfully British' and whilst it seemed mildly annoying at the start, it very quickly adds to the atmosphere of the film. Crow acts surprisingly well in this film and you can feel his charisma and drive as a captain throughout. This is a good old fashioned adventure film and left me on the edge of my seat and moved by the end. Well worth checking out at some point.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|this was a gift, and she loved it. has watched it several times already. this set came just days after ordering and I am well pleased with the service.
B00029LNHS|4.0|Black Eyed Peas are one of my guilty pleasures and I can't help but enjoy their music. From the very first hit single `Where is the Love?' I was hooked. This album is a great place to start with BEP and offers up some real gems. From the aforementioned track, to the infectious `Lets Get Retarded' and that addictive chorus in `Shut Up' this has plenty of songs to get you feet tapping and blood pumping. They are one of the few bands that manage that mixture of rap, dance music and traditional vocals (from Fergie) extremely well and if you enjoy that kind of thing then this is the place to go. I often get some stick from my mates if they catch me listening to this, but they all end up saying things like `Oh I like this one', or singing along! Me thinks they doth protest too much and shows how wide the bands audience is. If you like any of the singles of the band then grab the album as it offers up plenty more of the same.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B002S9DRA6|5.0|The Platinum Collection by Enigma is really good.Although it doesn't contain all their best cuts[my opinion] it's well worth the purchase price.I think for the money it's well worth it for Enigma fans.
B002VECM72|5.0|I wanted to start off by saying I was surprised just how good `The Blind Side' is, I knew this had a lot of hype and Bullock won the Oscar for her role (most deservedly as well), but I wasn't expecting to enjoy this as much as I did.<br /><br />This is based on a true story and follows a young black guy, called Big Mike (or Michael Oher), who comes from a rough area and becomes homeless after his mother has drug problems. He attends a Christian school and when he's spotted roaming the streets he is taken in by a rich white family who help him through school and give him a home and some stability in his life. He subsequently gets a football scholarship and attends university before hitting the big time.<br /><br />This has plenty of scenes that raised a smile or laugh, although this is in no way a comedy film, and the best way to describe this would be as truly heart-warming. It is genuinely a feel good movie and whilst there are certain moments that seem grim for Michael, overall this is a very upbeat and positive story.<br /><br />The relationship between Michael and Leigh Ann (his `new' mother) is wonderful to see and you also see how helping Michael also has a positive effect on her and the whole family in turn. Kathy Bates makes an appearance as his tutor and as always she is delightful to watch, but to be honest everyone plays their roles superbly, which makes this a joy to watch.<br /><br />All in all, this is a great film and offers up a decent story (all the better for being real) that leaves you feeling buoyed up and positive. It is directed well, acted well and is one I would happily watch again.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B0015DROBO|5.0|I'm not great with reviews but i digress. I am not a fan of crime genre novels but I LOVED this book. I did think the beginning was a little slow but after that I could not put it down! I had watched the film before reading the book so I already knew the ending and had almost not read the book because I hadn't particularly enjoyed the film. I'm glad I did though. Its been a long time since I read a book that I couldn't put down. I can't wait to read the second book in the trilogy.
B0000VCZK2|5.0|This Quadrilogy boxset gives us the four Alien films in theatrical and special edition formats, as well as some superb extras. The extras include `making of ` featurettes, photos, commentaries and much more. Each extra disc gives you another insight into the Alien films and philosophy. Then with subsequent viewings you can't help but see the extra details in the films with a fresh eye.<br /><br />`Alien' is a film that has stood the test of time remarkably well.<br /><br />Following a crew on a large mining space ship, we see what happens to them when they pick up a distress signal and encounter an alien life form. Despite the age of this film the special effects are still remarkably creepy and at times could still rival films of today. The sets are the parts of this film that seem the most dated, but even these add a certain kitschy charm. This film spawned a movie franchise that went on for decades, but this is the one that held the most suspense, despite later ones having more gore and violence. Re-watching it today I was surprised just how creepy and eerie it was compared to what I remembered.<br /><br />This is acted and directed well and the alien effects are still impressive and coupled with a good storyline this makes for one superb sci-fi/horror film. A classic that should be watched at least once in your lifetime.<br /><br />Set 57 years after the end of the first Alien film, `Aliens' sees Ripley returning to the Alien planet, now an off Earth Colony, to confront her old nemesis.<br /><br />After contact is lost with the colony Marines are sent in, with Ripley as a consultant to investigate. We meet Newt, a young girl who manages to survive by hiding in the air ducts, and who brings out Ripley's maternal instincts, and Bishop, an android who Ripley finds hard to trust. There is also a team of US marines with an annoying `in your face' gung ho attitude, but who serve a purpose in the fight against the acid blooded, parasitic aliens.<br /><br />This was directed by James Cameron after his success with `Terminator' and if you are familiar with this film the directional style will be very familiar, but it's a style that works very well for the sci-fi genre. This film is less atmospheric and creepy than the first film and is more action orientated, with lots of gun fights, explosions and shouting. This is also the film we see Ripley become the badass she has to be to survive the aliens.<br /><br />This is an excellent sequel to the original film and whilst it is louder and with more action, it adds to the story very well indeed and compliments the original perfectly. Some say this is the best film in the series and it is definitely a very credible, exciting film, with a great plotline. You'll just have to watch them all to make up your own mind.<br /><br />`Alien 3' is probably one of the weaker films in the Alien series, but saying that it is still a good sci-fi film and worth a watch at some point.<br /><br />When her hypersleep is disturbed and her pod is ejected into space, Ripley awakens to find herself on a penal colony surrounded by hardened criminals. She also finds herself facing her old nemesis once again after it stowed away on her ship.<br /><br />This film moves at a slower pace to `Aliens' and has none of the suspense or creepiness of `Alien', but it does move the story forwards in a credible way and introduces us to the Alien in it's four legged guise. This alien is able to run a lot faster and also scurry across ceilings in it's search for prey.<br /><br />The various inmates are clich&eacute;d and rather two dimensional and the only character of note isn't in the film long enough to keep it elevated. Weaver plays Ripley well, as always, and her shaven, harrowed look shows the stresses her character has been under perfectly.<br /><br />This is a decent, but not outstanding, sci-fi film and will always be the poor relation to the previous Alien films. It is well worth watching and is entertaining enough forthe duration, just don't expect the suspense or high action of previous instalments.<br /><br />When Ripley is cloned to gain access to the alien queen inside of her, her genetic material became bonded with that of the alien. Giving her fast healing capabilities and super-human strength the Ripley of before is now supercharged and a formidable adversary to any alien she may encounter.<br /><br />`Alien Resurrection' is set 200 years after `Alien 3', but not much has changed. The company (in a new guise) wants the alien for military purposes and Ripley wants to stop that from happening, only this time she as split loyalties dues to her genetic mutation. Winona Rider is a member of a smuggling crew caught up in the melee and whilst she is ok in this film, her elfin image doesn't really sit with a hardened sci-fi action film.<br /><br />The direction is pretty good and Weaver is as good as she has ever been. She has a darker streak in this film and it suits her. The alien effects are also still good and in this film we see the aliens swim, as well as meeting a new incarnation that I won't say more about here to maintain the surprise.<br /><br />All in all this is a decent sequel in the series and I enjoy it at least as much as `Alien 3' but, like that film, it never matches the creepiness of `Alien' or the action of `Aliens'. Still, this is well worth watching if you have seen the rest and makes for a fairly decent sci-fi film.<br /><br />So, overall this is an excellent value-for-money boxset, giving you way more than many other boxsets of a similar or greater price and it offers up some classic sci-fi films to boot.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.s cloned to gain access to the alien queen inside of her, her genetic material became bonded with that of the alien. Giving her fast healing capabilities and super-human strength the Ripley of before is now supercharged and a formidable adversary to any alien she may encounter.    `Alien Resurrection' is set 200 years after `Alien 3', but not much has changed. The company (in a new guise) wants the alien for military purposes and Ripley wants to stop that from happening, only this time she as split loyalties dues to her genetic mutation. Winona Rider is a member of a smuggling crew caught up in the melee and whilst she is ok in this film, her elfin image doesn't really sit with a hardened sci-fi action film.    The direction is pretty good and Weaver is as good as she has ever been. She has a darker streak in this film and it suits her. The alien effects are also still good and in this film we see the aliens swim, as well as meeting a new incarnation that I won't say more about here to maintain the surprise.    All in all this is a decent sequel in the series and I enjoy it at least as much as `Alien 3' but, like that film, it never matches the creepiness of `Alien' or the action of `Aliens'. Still, this is well worth watching if you have seen the rest and makes for a fairly decent sci-fi film.    So, overall this is an excellent value-for-money boxset, giving you way more than many other boxsets of a similar or greater price and it offers up some classic sci-fi films to boot.    Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B003XM70B4|4.0|Aside from being one of my personal favorite movies of all time, this blu ray box set adds to the awesomeness that is The Goonies! The classic movie comes boxed with some really cool stuff so I'll discuss each item.<br /><br />The Goonies [Blu Ray] - Picture quality is amazing. Looks just as good as newer movies shot with HD cameras. None of that weird grainy looking snow that sometimes shows up (all depends on the film stock used in production). The sound isn't too shabby either. I don't notice a huge improvement with the audio from the dvd version, however it seems a little cleaner.<br /><br />The Goonies Board Game - Haven't played it but I opened the pieces and studied the rules a bit. Seems like a fun to-do on a rainy day kind of game.<br /><br />Empire Magazine 2oth Anniversary Article - Nifty little reprint simply updating what the original cast has been up to since the film was made.<br /><br />The Goonies Souvenir Magazine - 150 pages telling the story of how the movie was made, cast profiles, and lots of other fun stuff.<br /><br />Storyboards - Original Story board mini copies. Pretty neat to compare the boards to what eventually would come to screen.<br /><br />My only gripe is that the Blu Ray itself really has no new bonus features from that of the DVD. However, this set is a must have for any collection.
B000ICLRIE|4.0|`Kingdom of Heaven' is an epic tale set during the Crusades and whilst this is rife with historical inaccuracies, it is also a fairly decent story of one man finding some peace and meaning in his life. Bloom plays the main character (Balian) and he manages to play the role reasonably well, although he doesn't seem to have enough grit at times. He puts on a brave show with his sword fights and gives the occasional rabble rousing speech now and again, but he is no William Wallace crying for `Freedom' although you get the feeling this was the image Scott was going for. This is based around the death of a king, his succession and the fall of Jerusalem and this could have lead to deep courtly intrigue and Machiavellian schemes to enhance the plot and though these elements are represented in the film, they are rather flat and without suspense. I think this stems from the fact that this is overlong (don`t be fooled by the time guide on Amazon), I have bought the directors cut of this and boy does it feel overlong by the end. This doesn't seem to have much pace, but plods on and on, when in reality it could be a snappy story full of chivalry, battles and honour. For all that, this is still a perfectly enjoyable film and once you settle into it's rhythm you can truly appreciate it for it's epic scope.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
030746363X|5.0|I really enjoyed the book.  Some places I skipped and wasn't something I wanted to know about.  However the areas that I was interested in were truly the best.  I really think everyone should buy the book.  One interesting note is that someone must not look at women because again the parts aren't truly in the right area.  I guess they draw with their eyes shut. However even in Grays Anatomy they don't have the parts in the right area.  Anyway I like the way Tim writes like you are sitting across from him and he speaks in a conversational way so that after you've read the book you could meet with Tim and feel you've gotten to know him and really not have to ask him to many questions.  Truly a 5 star book..
B000NQRE0K|5.0|I have to start by saying that historical inaccuracies aside, I love this film. It manages to give us nearly everything we could ask for in one film; honour, chivalry, betrayal, love, romance and more besides.<br /><br />This tells the story of William Wallace, who was a Scottish commoner who fought the English for his countries freedom. The actual person existed, although the details of his life are sketchy and this film fills them in without being factually correct. But all that aside I tend not to care about the inaccuracies (although I dislike Hollwood rewriting history) and enjoy this film for what it offers; which is passion.<br /><br />The battle scenes are gruesome (as battle scenes should be) and they are filled with tension. I tend to find them all the more exciting as this film was shot before the excessive use of CGI and you can tell the groups of fighters were actually there and choreographed very well to be filmed.<br /><br />This has an evocative soundtrack, probably one of the best I own, and James Horner manages to compliment the scenes with his style and compositions very well. This is one of those soundtracks I happily enjoy listening to in it's own right.<br /><br />This has excellent direction from Gibson (before he had his meltdown and became the pariah of Hollywood) and shows what a good eye he has for framing and capturing the emotion on screen. This has an excellent cast and Patrick McGoohan is especially good as the ruthless and menacing King of England, Edward the Longshanks.<br /><br />There is plenty of intrigue, double crossing and betrayal to keep you second guessing and shows the mercenary aspects of medieval politics very well. All in all this is a very satisfying film and one I can happily watch again and again (and I do watch this at regular intervals) and whilst it has it's detractors, if you take it in the spirit it was made in, this makes for one exhilarating and spellbinding movie.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
1599218011|5.0|I love this book and I love Kris Carr and her philosophy.  Diet for me is like religion; I take what works/resonates from the various denominations and leave the rest.  There is VERY MUCH I took away from Kris's book and have put into practice in my own life to great effect.  Her writing style is fun and accessible; her content interesting and highly researched; the book itself is pretty and well-constructed.  Kris knows her stuff and shares it, but never comes off as preachy or higher-than-thou.  You can't help but like her and get curious as to how her suggestions might positively affect your own life.  Highly recommend to anyone interested in feeling their best and living more healthfully!  Would give it six stars if I could.
B002N5N5M0|5.0|Dexter Series 4 picks up exactly where the last series left off. This time Dexter is exhausted by his new family life and is trying to juggle his work, home-life and dark passenger all at the same time.<br /><br />This series follows the hunt for the Trinity Killer, whom we meet and see in action from the outset. There is none of the second guessing who the killer could be this time, but for a variety of reasons this still manages to be as tense as other series' and is even more tense than series 3.<br /><br />Frank Lundy makes an appearance again as now retired FBI agent who is tracking Trinity down and Dexter starts to learn from Trinity about the work/killer life balance he is struggling with.<br /><br />Michael C Hall is as amazing as ever, John Lithgow (as Trinity, don't worry that info doesn't ruin anything) is an inspired choice and he gives the right mix of menace and instability that the character needs. Even better, Jennifer Carpenter, who plays Deb, is actually very good and it may have taken her 4 series to hit her stride but I could watch her without cringing this time.<br /><br />The story is outstanding and I finished this completely shocked, lets just say the ending is excellent. I can't wait for series 5 to find out more.<br /><br />The extras are pretty good as well with interviews, commentaries and featurettes on the blood and props in the series.<br /><br />All in all this in another amazing series and I found it to be much better than series 3. This had me hooked and on the edge of my seat the whole time. Fantastic viewing all round.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|this whole series was amazing. my little brother made me read these books...and i couldnt stop reading them. i couldnt lay these books down!! great books! loved them.
B003CIG7AE|4.0|After buy their first two albums I quickly snapped this up when it came out and I have to say it hasn't left me disappointed. This feels enough like their past albums to keep existing fans happy and yet it shows some development as well. My favourite track by far has to be `Dilly' and I love the backing vocals on this particular track. All the songs here feel more fleshed out than previously, more fuller somehow and you can really see the time they took to make this album has paid off. Many may damn this album with the inevitable `difficult third album' tag, but to be honest, whilst it isn't a huge departure from what has come before, it is still a very polished and satisfying affair and I am more than happy to recommend this to existing fans and suggest it to new fans alike.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B000002H33|4.0|Master of Puppets. One of the most famous and admired metal albums of all time, and it deserves the praise that it has received. It's heavy, bold, dark, melodic, hauntingly intense, beautifully poetic, etc. But the reason why I gave this CD an 8 out of 10 is because of two reasons. One is that the songs on this album sound slightly repetitive at times. The other being that the melodies aren't very memorable. But still, this is indeed a classic thrash album by Metallica. Songs like \\"Battery\\" and \\"Disposable Heroes\\" are full of raw lyrics and lovable guitars. \\"Welcome Home,\\" my personal favorite from the album, is very underrated. I wish it would get more exposure in the general public (but not to the point that it becomes overrated, of course). \\"The Thing That Should Not Be,\\" \\"Leper Messiah,\\" and \\"Master of Puppets\\" are great songs indeed, while the amazing instrumental called \\"Orion\\" is a splendid experience from beginning to end. The final song \\"Damage Inc.\\" is a brilliant conclusion to the album.<br /><br />Even though I do have a couple of problems with Master of Puppets, it's still a hard-hitting stellar album. You can't really go wrong with this one.<br /><br />Grade: 8/10
B000002MY3|5.0|There are few albums that represent the time or year they were released, but `Jagged Little Pill' epitomises that and it never fails to take me back to 1995 and the blanket air-play it received on the radios. Some have dismissed this as `angst-ridden chick rock' and whilst the lyrics are certainly angry in places and from a female perspective there is more to this album than that.<br /><br />Alanis had managed to craft a debut that even she felt intimidated to follow and this offers catchy music, coupled with intelligent lyrics that made for a potent combination. The album opener `All I Really Want' shows here vocal style well with it's controlled broken voice style and shows in what lyrical direction this album would take. So many of these tracks were played on the radio and MTV at the time that after a year we had all got sick of hearing them, but years later they still hold up remarkably well and once you`ve taken a break `You Oughta Know' still sounds as powerful as when you first heard it and the lyrics here are the ones that shocked middle class America, although they seem quite tame by today's standards. This gives us so many catchy tunes it would be hard to list them all here, although `One Hand in My Pocket' and `Ironic' still stand out, but to be honest this is a complete album of very polished tracks.<br /><br />This may still be a bit of an angry girl anthem album (and when I play this at work most of the girls come in and seem to know all of the lyrics and sing them with almost scary gusto) but it has stood the test of time and manages to appeal to a wider audience than just that. This the perfect introduction to Alanis' music and whilst her other albums have been good, they have never lived up to the feel, accomplishments (or hype) of this.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B003K1EYM6|2.0|I want to view on my iPad videos I shoot with my Go Pro Hero camera.  I can plug in my camera to the iPad with a USB cable and the cck, but the iPad says my camera draws too much current.  What a whiny baby! Taking the sd card out of the camera and putting that in the other cck module seems to work as desired, but once the videos are on the iPad they are not playable.  So I plan to return my cck tomorrow. Good idea but terribly executed by apple.
B000002JOH|5.0|If you want raw, if you want angry and if you want searing riffs, drumming and kick ass lyrics, then this is the album to buy. Quite simply their best album and a must have for any discerning metal collection. Buy it, buy it, buy it.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B0036EBARO|4.0|Listen you dull balloons, if you fell in love with the ethereal musical secret gardens that were \\"Clowns\\" and \\"Eat Yourself\\" on Seventh Tree and were hoping for more of the same, \\"Voicething\\" is going to be about your only true pleasure w/little snippets elsewhere.  That's the danger of a band willing to take certain musical element to the extremes that make clows/eat yourself so great: they'll get just as extreme with another element you might not like.  I confess, Seventh Tree was my favorite and wanted more, but this album is still awesome and more importantly, it's different...going very different is the only way to produce that one or three special tracks on an album that you can't believe how good they are.  For the sake of you Seventh Tree fans, I've listed songs that I liked the most and therefore songs you might like.  BTW, all the songs were at least OK, many just good and a few gems.  Like Seventh Tree this album feels about 15 minutes...in reality it's not that much longer.    \\"Voicething\\" (see above)    \\"Believer\\" is a track I liked and reminded me of a synth homage to Supernatural.  Even Seventh Tree Fans will get bits of that soft forest maiden voice in this track.    \\"Deaming\\" is wow, good stuff.  We get that gorgeous breathless voice with some of the best refined snyth around.  Unlike Rocket, which I'm not a big fan, the synth in this one is unoffensive to my ears.    \\"Hunt\\" is a pretty nice, but somewhat repetitive track.    \\"I Wanna Life\\" I wanna wear a madonna/abba costume at my next hipster halloween party. That's the sound anyway. ohhoawhoaa!    BTW, I picked these songs before looking at any other reviews to test how my tastes meshed with others.
B00012FXAE|5.0|Set 57 years after the end of the first Alien film, `Aliens' sees Ripley returning to the Alien planet, now an off Earth Colony, to confront her old nemesis.<br /><br />After contact is lost with the colony Marines are sent in, with Ripley as a consultant to investigate. We meet Newt, a young girl who manages to survive by hiding in the air ducts, and who brings out Ripley's maternal instincts, and Bishop, an android who Ripley finds hard to trust. There is also a team of US marines with an annoying `in your face' gung ho attitude, but who serve a purpose in the fight against the acid blooded, parasitic aliens.<br /><br />This was directed by James Cameron after his success with `Terminator' and if you are familiar with this film the directional style will be very familiar, but it's a style that works very well for the sci-fi genre. This film is less atmospheric and creepy than the first film and is more action orientated, with lots of gun fights, explosions and shouting. This is also the film we see Ripley become the badass she has to be to survive the aliens.<br /><br />This is an excellent sequel to the original film and whilst it is louder and with more action, it adds to the story very well indeed and compliments the original perfectly. Some say this is the best film in the series and it is definitely a very credible, exciting film, with a great plotline. You'll just have to watch them all to make up your own mind.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
030746363X|5.0|4HB is an awesome book that really simplifies diet and exercise.  I have recommended this book to everyone I know - my fiance hates it, but I think she hates Tim more than the book.  If you want to hack your body, then invest in this massively huge book.
0060526491|5.0|This book is genius. Great little poems with dark, yet hilarious illustrations. I buy this for all my warped friends so we can laugh together. I defy you not to laugh at the girl who takes her eyes out to rest them after staring too much, buy it and see what I mean!<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B0002LMLSQ|5.0|I am extremely picky when it comes to piano music. I am a massage therapist and I will play a cd enough times to be able to tell if it can stand up to the test of overplaying it. Most don't. This one is utterly different. It is still my favorite and I have had it for a few years now. (Granted, I don't play it every day!) It is touching, elegant and relaxing. The quality of emotion on this cd is astounding. I highly recommend it.
B000000OTU|4.0|Although there are newer Aerosmith `best of' collections out there, I still have a fondness for `Big Ones' and the running order of the tracks here.<br /><br />This gives you a great selection of their most well known tracks up to the date of release, but be aware `I Don't Wanna Miss a Thing' from Armageddon and other tracks like `Pink' came later and aren't represented here.<br /><br />`Walk on Water' is a great way to start an album and gets your blood pumping for the rest of what's in store. Hits like 'Love in an Elevator', '(Dude) Looks Like a Lady' are also here, as well as some ballads like `Amazing' and `Angel' which ticks all of the boxes. There is even a live version of `(Dude) Looks Like a Lady' to finish things off.<br /><br />I am curious why `Walk this Way' isn't on here and accept that the double anthology album is probably a better `best of' collection for those new to the band. But saying that I still love the running order here and that may just be due to the fact this is the first `best of' of theirs I bought, but when you haven't got time for the double anthology, or are on a shorter car journey this is still the album of theirs I grab.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0061339202|5.0|This book is profound and gives much delicious food for thought. I have read many books in this genre and none have ever moved me more.  Those who complain that it's hard to read betray their undeveloped thinking powers and short attention spans.   A joy to read, it is a delightful romp through fascinating and amazingly useful insights on actualizing our potential. I've made notations throughout my copy, in order to find the many nuggets of wisdom again, so I can digest them further!   If you enjoy exploring the topic of authentic life happiness, this book is not to be missed!
B0011NVC9I|3.0|`Beowulf' is an animated fantasy film based on the ancient legend of Beowulf and Grendel. This has an all star voice cast (Anthony Hopkins, Angelina Jolie, Ray Winstone, Robin Wright Penn etc) and the characters they voice are animated to resemble them as well. The down side to this is that Beowulf (voiced by Ray Winstone) sounds like an east end barrow boy, which doesn't really fit the image of a medieval warrior! The story is pretty good here, although it did tend to drag by the end and it could've been better if condensed a little. This is also quite gruesome in places, and whilst not excessive by today's standards, it is a little too graphic for the 12 certificate this has. All in all this is a good, but not great animated fantasy adventure and if you can overlook the mockney accented Beowulf you should enjoy this just fine.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B000MRAAJM|3.0|The content of the Planet Earth series is excellent as already covered by many reviewers. However, I would like to clarify for prospective buyers that the video format of the blu ray disc sold on Amazon is 1080i (this is stated at the back of the box and has been confirmed by BBC and Warner Brothers; see: http://www.amazon.com/Planet-Earth-bluray-video-format/forum/FxHGEFTIWGVM3N/Tx2W7NAFMO0DY24/1?_encoding=UTF8&asin=B000MR9D5E). As a videophile, I was looking forward to enjoying the excellent quality of the video in addition to appreciating the content. However, I was somewhat disappointed with the video quality which often gets grainy and fuzzy (relatively to high end 1080p content), particularly when the camera pans. I saw a number of reviewers raving about the 1080p quality and HD transfers which was a factor in my buying decision. Over 200 reviewers have tagged this as 1080p (although some earlier BDs were mislabeled as 1080p but that has since been fixed). Had I known that the quality of the video is not stellar, I may have not bought it but since the content is good and I already bought it, I will keep it. I got it on Amazon for $36, which is not a bad price even for 1080i.    If you are buying this for content and expect average HD picture quality, you won't be disappointed. If you are a videophile expecting top quality 1080p video, be careful!
B003DZX44I|4.0|`Beauty and the Beast' is one of those films that has stood the test of time and it still feels as well made and delightful as when it was first released. Now it is re-released in blu-ray splendour you can relive it's magic again and again.<br /><br />Belle lives in a French village and loves nothing more than a good book and when the local Casanova Gaston (who is odious and vain) tries to take her hand in marriage she can think of nothing worse. Her father stumbles across a deserted castle inhabited by a gruesome beast, who is really a prince under a spell, and when Belle goes to rescue him she ends up being held prisoner herself. Over time Belle and the beast develop a love for one another and when Gaston comes to kill the beast the story is brought to a head.<br /><br />Of course there is slightly more to the story than that, but that is the rough outline and gives an idea of what you can expect here. The animation is very well done in this film, as it's Oscar will attest to, and the backgrounds are rendered with a level of detail Disney films have lacked in recent years. The use of light is very good as well, especially in the castle where the shadows and pools of light are very well done.<br /><br />This has decent enough music and isn't too twee and the voiceover work is also very good. I especially enjoyed Angela Lansbury as the teapot and thought she matched the character perfectly.<br /><br />This has become a classic in the Disney stable for a reason and if you haven't watched this yet you should be pleased with the story and animation on offer. This has plenty of extras, most of which are aimed at kids, but the commentaries and `making of' featurette are of special interest to adults and give a deeper insight into the film. Overall this is a great package with excellent remastering and is another wonderful film to add to your Disney collection.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B0040JHXTS|5.0|Excellent gift for my hubby. He loved it! He already has everything Bruce and this definitely adds to his collection.
B00000272N|4.0|`Facelift' tends to get overlooked in favour of `Dirt' and whilst the latter album may be commercially more successful and a touch more accessible for those new to AIC, I still have a soft spot for `Facelift'.<br /><br />I love the album opener `We Die Young' which is short, to the point and showcases Layne's vocals perfectly, starting the album in style. `Man in a Box' has a darker feel to it and Cantrell plays some awesome voice-box guitar on this track. My favourite track though has to be `Bleed the Freak' which has a great gentle intro which then builds throughout the song.<br /><br />AIC were at the forefront of bands that moved the music scene away from the brash `hair rock' of the eighties and whilst they were initially overshadowed by bands like Nirvana, to those in the know `Facelift' became a staple of many stereo systems. I still listen to this album now and am blown away by its feel and more gritty sound compared to other mere grunge pretenders. If you're new to the band you may want to try `Dirt' first to get a feel for them, but if you want to explore their albums in order you won't be disappointed if you start here and work your way through.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B0044KU7KU|5.0|It took a couple days for this album to grow on me. Its not \\"typical\\" My Chemical Romance. Now I love it and listen to it often. It is typical My Chemical Romance in that it is dark while being \\"upbeat\\" and has some great inspirational keep fighting quotes. The videos they have on youtube for this album are worth checking out!
B00000ILDF|4.0|`Alien 3' is probably one of the weaker films in the Alien series, but saying that it is still a good sci-fi film and worth a watch at some point.<br /><br />When her hypersleep is disturbed and her pod is ejected into space, Ripley awakens to find herself on a penal colony surrounded by hardened criminals. She also finds herself facing her old nemesis once again after it stowed away on her ship.<br /><br />This film moves at a slower pace to `Aliens' and has none of the suspense or creepiness of `Alien', but it does move the story forwards in a credible way and introduces us to the Alien in it's four legged guise. This alien is able to run a lot faster and also scurry across ceilings in it's search for prey.<br /><br />The various inmates are clich&eacute;d and rather two dimensional and the only character of note isn't in the film long enough to keep it elevated. Weaver plays Ripley well, as always, and her shaven, harrowed look shows the stresses her character has been under perfectly.<br /><br />This is a decent, but not outstanding, sci-fi film and will always be the poor relation to the previous Alien films. It is well worth watching and is entertaining enough for the duration, just don't expect the suspense or high action of previous instalments.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B003O86FMW|5.0|omg. this book was wonderful. i was so scared when she had to go back in the hunger games. i feel like they all did a better time in the game this time. right? right.
B000002ADT|5.0|Words cannot really do justice to this album. If it catches you just right it is all about the experience and not some intellectual definition. It's a classic for a reason and a great introduction to Miles Davis and jazz in general. Lower the lights, open a bottle of red wine and put this on, it's what jazz is all about!<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B00461MY30|4.0|Well, now we've come full circle in StonesLand.  Going from the 60's and Mono/Stereo/FakeStereo/to 8 Track/To Cassette/Reel to Reel/To Cd/iPod/Downloads/Back to Vinyl Box Sets with some Mono and some Stereo.........Whew!!!  What to think of these two Box sets, especially after Christmas 2010??  I got a version of the first Box last Week From Amazon Warehouse Deals and it was a mixed bag. The Box, as they described, just had a tad blemish but when I opened it ALL of the albums jackets were damaged on top....the top spines were all 'shaved' through like the box had been put through a vibration machine and the vinyl all cut through the tops of the jackets, so back it went. But, the vinyl was beautiful and flat. I wish I could have kept it but at $228 with tax it wasn't a deal at all. But, again, the pressings themselves looked great. So with that I ordered another box, brand new this time, from an alternate Amazon site. Amazon really needs to get better on the packaging of fragile items like vinyl-there is simply no excuse in putting a 12 pound box inside a flimsy cardboard box with a couple of air pillows!! So we'll see if the other boxes come in unscathed.  Now, in tracking down another replacement for the 64-69 box I stumbled onto various Stones sites that had lots of information going back to the Mobile Fidelity Box from 1984. What I found out made it clear that this box set, apart from the 1971-2005 one, which is totally separate as far as it's not nearly as desirable as the Abkco early box to alot of us collectors, is something special due to the work Abkco did back in 2002, in going through their tape library and redoing the catalog as best as they could. I believe that a box like this will Never be released again due to the rapidly changing technology for playing music. In fact, it's pretty amazing that it came out at all in this day and age. This current Vinyl revival is not going to last forever, and once this is out of print, you could pretty much kiss it goodbye! The Major companies Hate to put this kind of work into a release and that's why there are so few of these in the history of box sets. There was the Germany issued 'The Rolling Stones Story' back in the 80's, but that was far from comprehensive as it used various album issues from Europe and included alot of the fake stereo garbage tracks. And then there was the Mobile Fidelity in the 80's which took most of it's albums from the American configurations, but as we know the original British configurations seem more satisfying. Which is exactly what this set has...the British configuration. So, except for the odd boxes issued around the world, as far as a early nearly complete box, there hasn't been many, and the fact that this set is Audiophile Quality makes it, imho, a necessity even if you own the Mobile Fidelity set. Again, I'm 52, and I seriously doubt I would see another Box set of the Decca period in my lifetime...I'm jazzed with getting this set! A bit expensive, but if you look at ebay and see what original Decca's are going for, then it truly turns into a bargin.  Rock On!! Indeed!  Gerard Masters
B0015ABRE2|4.0|This third series of Dexter follows the same pattern as previous series. Whilst working in the Miami homicide department Dexter kills deserving criminals who got away with their crimes. Each episode usually has it's own story where Dexter hunts and kills his target and then there is the over-arcing series story, this time the hunt for `The Skinner', that is interwoven.<br /><br />In this series Dexter and Rita's relationship takes another step and Dexter also finds a new friend, but there may be more to him than meets the eye.<br /><br />Thankfully this is still written very well and had me second guessing and teetering on the edge of my seat the whole way through. I found the ending had slightly less impact than the previous series' did, but it was still adequate payoff for the time spent watching the DVD. Michael C Hall is as amazing as ever as Dexter and whilst the actress who plays his sister is still pretty wooden and gets annoying due to playing a loud mouthed arrogant character, at least her performance here is better than in series 1 or 2. That's the thing I've found with Dexter overall actually, the story is excellent and keeps you gripped and Michael C Hall is excellent, but the rest of the cast give changeable performances and sometimes are very believable and other times they make you cringe. If you feel the same way as me about series 1 and 2, you will see that nothing much has changed here.<br /><br />All in all, this is another superb Dexter series and it develops his character, the back story to his life, his relationships and the overall theme very well indeed. You shouldn't be disappointed.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B000CNE164|4.0|I'd heard of Nina Simone but never listened to her before.  Very glad I ordered this CD.  She has a strong, unique voice with lots of feeling in the lyrics.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|`Modern Family' is quite simply one of the best shows to come out America in years! This follows three families in a mockumentary style as they go about the events in their life. There is Jay and his second wife, hot Columbian Gloria, as well as her son Manny who is old before his time. Then there is the gay couple, Mitch (son of Jay) and Cameron with their adopted Vietnamese baby, Lily. Lastly there is the hilarious Phil, his wife Claire (daughter of Jay) and their kids Hailey (pretty, but not too bright), Alex (the geeky one) and Luke (also not too bright and prone to accidents).<br /><br />Some characters come out with lines that leave me howling and holding my sides and Phil and Cameron are both wonderful to watch. The actors who play these roles manage to bring the jokes alive with their facial expressions and delivery. The `interviews' for the documentary also throw up some delightful moments where people say what they really feel/think, which are then shown against what actually happened.<br /><br />There is such an eclectic mix of characters and family styles here that this is able to draw on many family incidents to create the show, although all the families are very middle class and comfortable.<br /><br />My description doesn't do this show full justice, but suffice it to say this is hilarious and highly recommend and when America does a show right, it does it VERY right. They may be few and far between, but when they do come along they more than make up for it. Simply brilliant stuff.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
030746363X|5.0|This is an easy entertaining read with great info. You will not want to put it down once you get started. As a fan of the FHWW book and blog much of the information I was interested in was not new but had more detail which made it worth reading. I can attest to the slow carb diet. Last year after reading the 4HWW my husband and I went on the diet. My husband went from 185 to 165 in 6 weeks. I dropped 10 pounds myself. In addition to the weight change, we both had significant positive effects to anxiety, focus, energy levels and hormone flunctations (read:PMS!), though the author never mentions these perks.     Can't recommend it enough! I was happy for the insights in the new book to different supplements and exercise. I like the minimalist approach - I have little time available, I want to know what is most effective not what everyone else is doing. I started the Perfect Posterior routine last week - husband says he can already see a difference. Total time invested - 15 minutes! Can't wait to see the results in a month!
B000002A3T|5.0|`The Division Bell' is often snubbed by Pink Floyd purists but I tend to feel it is an album of unparallel power and emotional scope. This opinion has only grown after repeated listening and also having heard many of their previous albums as well. From the first thirty seconds of `Cluster One' until the rich bell tolling at the end of `High Hopes' this album provides deep and rich emotions every time. The guitar work is simply incredible, the lyrics are inspired and whilst it has quite a melancholy feel to it, it is also perfect for those autumn nights when you want to indulge that feeling within you. Personal favourites have to be `Coming Back to Life' which never fails to move me despite playing it numerous times and `Lost for Words' which has stirring lyrics and awe inspiring musicianship. This is one of those albums that I never tire of and whilst sometimes I find it almost too powerful to listen to and it affects my mood quite profoundly, it is also one that has a treasured place in my heart. Highly recommended indeed.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0345495004|4.0|I liked this man less for having read the book.  Visited Fallingwater and couldn't help think about his overbearing personality.  Interesting with regard to architecture but what a personality.  Whe[...] glad I wasn't a woman of the time.
1904920233|4.0|This `Wagamama Cookbook' is a very attractive and well thought out selection of recipes from this well known restaurant chain.<br /><br />This has information about setting up your Asian inspired kitchen and what things you may need and then sections covering Sauces Dips and Dressings, Side Dishes, Chicken, Fish, Meat, Vegetables, Salads, Desserts and Juices and Drinks. The vast majority of recipes have accompanying photos to both inspire you and give you an approximation of how the dish should look. Use it as a guide only as cooking is an organic, personal process. I have tried many of these recipes and still love the classic Yaki Soba and Ebi Yakitori. One of my favourites, and one I suggest you try, is Salmon Korroke, which are like Japanese Salmon Croquettes and very delicious indeed.<br /><br />A new style of cooking will always require some practise, but once you get the hang of the ingredients and techniques these dishes are very easy to rustle up, taste delicious and are usually quite healthy. Most ingredients can be found in large supermarkets, but some specialised ingredients may need to be sourced from an Asian/Japanese market, if you live near London I recommend the Japan Centre in regents street.<br /><br />This may be a slightly polished advertisement for the restaurant and there are plenty of pictures of happy staff and customers inside, but when the recipes are this good and the food so tasty I can overlook this and really enjoy using this book in the kitchen. If you are looking for a sushi book then try the Yo Sushi book which offers both sushi and noodle dishes, but both books would compliment each other very well and offer a good introduction to this style of cuisine.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Im a reader..i read when im bored...when im angry and sad. I havent found a book in a while that has made sit down and think. Im not going to explain the plot or the characters but i can honestly say that this is my favorite book. I was on the edge of my seat the entire time.
B00000DGUG|3.0|`Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie' is the follow up to `Jagged Little Pill' and is a different beast indeed. It received some flack for this and it is true it doesn't live up to the heights of her debut.<br /><br />This album is more introspective and inwardly focused and the music is more downbeat overall. There are few songs that leap out at you or which are immediately catchy, but if you give this a chance and play it a few times, there are a few gems nestled in here.<br /><br />This was written after a trip to India and some spiritual soul searching on her behalf and songs like `Baba' mercilessly shine a spotlight on the modern infatuation with quick enlightenment and, if you listen carefully, the lyrics make you cringe with their seething tone. The effect she was going for I'm sure.<br /><br />This is probably one of the more disappointing albums Alanis has produced but it is still worth spending some time with as there are some good tracks on here if you search for them. This is worth getting, but isn't the first one I'd recommend of her albums since JLP.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0785116885|3.0|I thought they did a decent job overall. This story takes place right after the hulk invasion. I enjoyed the planet hulk characters on their own. I'd prefer if they clashed with other marvel super heroes or more interesting villans than the Leader. I didn't expect a lot, so all in all it was a good read.<br /><br />advice: if its on sale for under $10 go for it. (I spent more money on a lot worse!)
B000002AHM|4.0|Whilst you may find an album with one highly accomplished guitar player on it, it is rarer yet to find one with three and yet `Friday Night in San Francisco' offers us just that in the guise of Al DiMeola, John McLaughlin and Paco DeLucia.<br /><br />The album opener `Mediterranean Sundance' starts off with the most delightful guitar phrases and melodies, before it becomes a little more free form and jazz inspired and then comes back to it's original theme and finishes with a flourish. Spellbinding stuff and an awesome way to start the proceedings. The rest of the album follows suit and shows the virtuosity of all three musicians whilst giving them each room to breathe and shine.<br /><br />There have been some criticisms that this lacks heart or passion and whilst it is technically brilliant and maybe of more interest to those who already play guitar, that argument isn't entirely fair. This can sound rather flat in places certainly, but it can also romp with abandon at other times and you can tell from the reactions that both audience and musicians are enjoying themselves. It also pays to be aware of the time this was recorded in and these guitar gymnastics were all the rage.<br /><br />If you enjoy jazz and flamenco and if you play the guitar yourself then this should leave you pretty impressed and whilst it may not make your stomach ache with that emotion other music brings, it still manages to offer you something that nothing else is able to; even if that is just awe.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B003ZTQN1I|1.0|I rarely ever write comments so take it for what it's worth.  I'm disappointed to find out that the CD doesn't contain the actual artists that performed the songs in the movie.  I think Faith Hill is talented, but Give In To Me performed by Leighton Meester and Garrett in the movie is so much better.   I just watched the movie and was planning on buying the soundtrack, but will save my $15 for something else.     Like I said.  Take it for what it's worth.
B0000028M7|4.0|`Dirt', the second album from Alice in Chains, firmly secured their place in the hearts of rock and grunge fans of the nineties. From that starting scream and riff in `Them Bones' you get a good feeling what this album has in store for you; that being low down dirty riffs from Cantrell, Layne's awesome vocals and some great song-writing.<br /><br />This has some softer songs as well and `Down in a Hole' is a good ballad to slow things down towards the end of the album, but with AIC's own style and a lack of any of that sloppiness some rock group ballads can descend into.<br /><br />This album shows the transition from `Facelift' to the sound the band would take with `Jar of Flies' (probably my favourite AIC album) and sits perfectly between them. It is atmospheric without becoming sombre and gritty enough to please existing rock/grunge fans. Well worth adding to your rock collection at some point.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B000SSGUEO|5.0|to pick this one up.  I've listened to this show (minus the half-hour long Space Truckin') for nearly 25 years now, it's incredible!  Don't think too much about it or read overly-long reviews about it, the sound is fantastic and the playing is fantastic, just buy it and you will not be disappointed.
B000089RV6|5.0|To say `Back in Black' is a required purchase for any discerning rock music collection would be a gross understatement. From the album opening bell tolls of `Hells Bells' to the last chords of `Rock and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution' this album throws down the gauntlet and pounds out some of the best riffs you are likely to hear in a long time. Brian Johnson adds his screaming vocals to some already awesome tracks and puts the big shiny, metal cherry on this particular rocking cake. There are so many great tracks here it is hard to single any out for special mention and this album could almost be a `best of' collection due to each song being representative of the bands style and gripping you from the start and not letting go. Saying that, my personal favourite has to be `Back in Black' which has an incredible dirty riff that still plasters a smile on my face even after repeated listening. Needless to say this comes highly recommended and if this is your first taste of AC/DC I guarantee it will leave you with a big sloppy grin on your face and wanting more.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
031603438X|5.0|[[ASIN:031603438X Life]] is an incredible book by an incomparable musician. Not only is this a definitive autobiography it's a master class in Blues/rock. Can be very dense when talking about the mechanics of the guitar. The personal stuff is spot on interesting for fans of this iconic musician. It pulls no punches and sugar coats nothing.
B0030BYWKK|5.0|I bought this album based on a magazine review and I have to say I am so glad I did. This manages the strange paradox of sounding fresh and new and also reminiscent of past bands/music at the same time. The best way to describe their sound would be a mix of Fleet Foxes and The Moody Blues' and more than once the songs reminded me of `Forever Autumn' by Justin Hayward. Particular favourites for me are `Winter Dies' which has a wonderful intro and `Rulers, Ruling All Things' which is so atmospheric and grows so that it is especially moving by the end. Granted they do have a slight folky feel to them and the druid inspired cover doesn't so much to dispel that idea, but there is more to this band than meets the eye. The first time I played this I lay in a dark room and something about their sound resonated within me and I connected with it immediately. Maybe this was because it reminded me of the bands previously mentioned and my childhood, but I feel it is more because of the superb song writing and lyrics that weave their spell upon you. This isn't a full on folk or indie album, but if you come to this expecting more nuance and style than other albums of a similar ilk you should be left feeling very satisfied indeed.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B003NFM3JU|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this interpretation of Charles Dickens story. It presented the story with the same \\"feeling\\" as the original story.  Some films try to gloss-over the seriousness of this tale...and the lesson it tries to convey.  We'll enjoy this for many holidays to come.
B000031WBV|5.0|When my step-father suggested to me to try Chopin's Nocturnes he insisted that I get this recording of it, saying nothing has come close since. That is until they were remastered! After testing his theory and exploring other performances, this is the one I come back to and have to agree with his initial judgement.<br /><br />Rubenstein coaxes the most exquisite tones and emotions from his piano and makes the music on offer here soar like you never knew it was quite possible to. The recordings are clear and crackle free and the remastering has been done with respect and a light touch, rather than some of the over compressed recordings I have on my shelves.<br /><br />This is beautiful music played by a master and it is one to sit back and savour at regular intervals. Truly the recording of Chopin's Nocturnes to buy and simply sublime.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B002GHIPYI|5.0|I purchased the SuperLux HD 681's after reading many reviews (see head-fi.org - [...] for example) and looking for an entry-level hi-fi headphone. I am not an audiophile or bass head, but these headphones have plenty of bass, even when driven with my iPod nano. Bass is a bit more responsive when used with a computer source, however. For comparison, I have a old (20 yrs old) pair of Sony V1 headphones, and tried a pair of Shure SRH 440's [[ASIN:B002DP1FTU Shure SRH440 Professional Studio Headphones (Black)]]. I have not done side-by-side comparisons, but the Sony's are not responsive to deep bass, but have a fairly flat response overall. The Shure's audio quality was amazing (lots of detail & good bass), but I couldn't wear them for more than 1/2 hour without my head & ears (primarily from glasses) starting to hurt. Sony headphones, because they don't have a soft headband, also hurt my head after 1/2 hour or so. Perhaps this is because my head is an odd shape that those types of headphones are uncomfortable. The HD 681's are quite comfortable on my head because of the AKG-like suspended headband, and the ear pads/cups are very large and don't push on my ears enough to cause discomfort, even while wearing glasses.  As for the quality/price, these headphones are well built, I expect them to be very durable like the Sonys. They are mod-able although I haven't done anything to modify mine. [...] has the details.  Sound quality on the HD 681's is good - great bass response, but the mids & highs could be sharper. Again, great sound, very comfortable headphones for the price!
B000062Y44|5.0|`About a Boy' is Badly Drawn Boy's second album and is the soundtrack to the film of the same name. This has a very similar feel to `The Hour of Bewilderbeast', which is probably why he was chosen for this project and offers more of his acoustic, quirky, but strangely joyful music.<br /><br />This has fully formed tracks, as well as brief orchestral interludes that score certain parts of the film, but to be honest it sits very well together as a complete album and is credible in it's own right. I adore `Silent Sigh' which is probably one of the more moving tracks Gough has ever written. That piano intro gets me going every time and by the time the lyrics kicks in I am gone. Perfection.<br /><br />If you enjoyed the music in the film then definitely give this a go, but if you haven't even seen the film and just like Badly Drawn Boy's music, then don't hesitate as this is as good as previous work (and work to come) and I heartily recommend it.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
030746363X|5.0|Love this book.  It's like a buffet table of great, simple ideas to move forward in your quest to be strong, fit, and healthy.  Not meant to be read cover to cover (though I did), it's set up so that you can pick and choose where your greatest need is, and then apply things that make a real difference with the minimum amount of effort.  I don't have time to waste, so this is a great resource tool for me.    Readable, lots of science, but not overwhelming.  Some great humour, wacky experiments that make you roll your eyes, and clear, step-by-step instructions to meet your physical goals.    Highly recommended.    [...]
B000066NW0|3.0|`Let Go' was a pretty decent debut from Avril Lavigne and the album opener `Losing Grip' is a good way to start things off and shows her style reasonably well; quiet verses and louder choruses with a self confessed `skater' vibe. Although, this last aspect is debateable.<br /><br />Considering her age at the albums release and that she wrote the lyrics to a lot of her own songs this is actually quite an impressive first foray, it's just a shame her career was all down hill from here. `Complicated' still sounds great even after repeated playing and shows she wasn't just a product of her times and ballads like `I'm With You' show Avril wasn't all just baggy trousers and shouting.<br /><br />I think the glut of teenage singers these days (I hesitate to call them musicians or artists) has rather soiled the genre for slightly more credible performers like Avril, but to be honest this is music you don't have to think too hard about, can put on in the background whilst cleaning and fills a gap in the market. That sounds like an insult, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. This is a good album, but it's not truly great.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0307266303|4.0|What I find a bit ironic is that long distance running, according to the book, evolved to give us ability to hunt (and eat!) fast animals such as antelopes, yet the author in his interview on this site advocates \\"lighter\\" (high carb?) meals, salads (pizza and beer before runs) and cites his vegan Ironman (or rather Ironperson in her case) triathlete runner friend as a good example! Considering the fact (again, according to the book!) that it was high calorie fatty meats that gave our energy-hungry brains the needed boost to grow to its current human size, this position seems to me quite strange and illogical. I honestly hope that this attitude is not caused by purely political catering to our currently fashionable \\"low fat\\" madness and insane \\"artery-clogging-saturated-fat\\" doctrine. I understand that there might be some need to carb-load before running for 100 miles, however I just can't picture !Kung hunters swilling beer and munching on pizza before chasing wildebeests. While long distance running allows one to get away with all kinds of junk in one's food, it is not a good way to eat every day in my view - have a chunk of grass-fed fatty meat and some veggies! Having said that, the book is excellent. First time I picked it up in a bookstore and couldn't put it down for quite a while. Fascinating facts about why and how we evolved to run, highly inspirational and simply a fun read, buy it and go for a run!
B0046MOVD0|3.0|Eight years after the first entry into the Resident Evil film franchise, the series is still a gamer favorite as it goes into its fourth chapter, \\"Resident Evil: Afterlife\\". For horror franchises, once you pass the second or third installment, most of them begin to falter in some capacity, so how long before this critic-proof, zombie series outstays its welcome with moviegoers?    \\"Resident Evil: Afterlife\\" is set approximately four years after the initial outbreak upon Raccoon City. Alice (Milla Jovovich) is continuing her crusade to destroy the malevolent Umbrella Corporation. At the same time she is making her way northward to one day join Claire Redfield (Ali Larter) and her band of survivors that headed to a supposed infection-free zone somewhere in Alaska. However, Alice quickly discovers that the safe zone was nothing more than another elaborate ploy by Umbrella. With time and patience running thin, Alice luckily finds and enlists the aid of Claire, her estranged brother Chris (Wentworth Miller), and a few others in one last-ditch effort to save humanity from Umbrella and the undead nightmare that has plagued the world.    Continuing his writing duties, and returning to the director's chair for the first time since the original film, Paul W.S. Anderson may be running out of steam with this series. There are several indicators that lead me to this conclusion.    For starters, several elements within the movie are unapologetically borrowed from other successful films. Granted, this series has taken from many a movie or event along the way, but none so blatant and borderline lazy as those found in this film.    The most obvious sign of laziness lies with the film's primary villain (not the zombies as one may think), but a new genetically enhanced individual controlled by Umbrella. This character is so unoriginal that he appears to have been plucked directly from the mold of the Agents used for \\"The Matrix\\". From his speech pattern, movements, fighting style, andattire (right down to the sunglasses), everything about the character screams \\"Rip-off!\\" I know movies borrow from previous releases all the time, it's impossible not to; however, when it reaches a point that plays more like plagiarism rather than homage, then it's downright shameful.    Also, the energy and excitement that used to permeate this series seems to have been erased from existence, much like most of humanity. The franchise first began showing signs of a much slower, somewhat meandering pace with the previous installment. It appears that Paul W.S. Anderson was unable to shake this potential problem, and with this newest chapter we are given a film that seems to be just going through the motions with very little momentum propelling it onward.    Then there is the issue with the zombies themselves. Because this is a zombie series, it doesn't take too long for the proceedings to become stale. After all, there are only so many ways one can kill a zombie. Not to mention, the majority of the world is infected. Meaning, a way out for humanity seems more and more implausible with each passing entry.    So, my question is this, \\"When is enough \\"Enough!\\"? Maybe we've already reached that point with the previous film and this one is merely another attempt at delaying the inevitable? Based on the story issues I addressed here and others potentially on the horizon, if this series' issues are not rectified, I would say that it has gone on long enough. I figure it's maybe one more movie away from becoming just another horror franchise past its prime that doesn't know when to quit.    An area that up to now hadn't grown quite as stale, but was definitely showing signs of wear, is the visual effects work. The first film suffered a little from moments of sub-par CGI, but the previous two installments made definite improvements in this area, despite the continually lacking financial support from the studio. Yet with this entry the visuals seemed to take a step back as someshoddy CGI work was employed. Some of the visuals were mediocre to the point of being as pathetic in some instances as they were in the original film.    Now, there are two possible causes for this waning visuals issue, and both may be correct, but I leave that for you to decide. First, Paul W.S. Anderson wrote and directed the first film and this film, and both suffered from lacking visual effects quality. Whereas, he only served as writer for the other two installments and their visuals were noticeably improved.    Second, Paul W.S. Anderson filmed this entry using 3D cameras (which undoubtedly came with a heftier price tag) and was forced to spend more time and effort staging shots accordingly. Of course, while I'm sure the camera technology added a bigger price tag to whatever was allotted for cameras on this film, the time spent crafting scenes could have been far less involved if Anderson had chosen to not be annoying with the use of 3D.    What I'm referring to is this; he went with the \\"throw things at the viewer's head\\" approach that crappy 3D movies in the 80's employed. If he had simply done what James Cameron had done with \\"Avatar\\" by making the 3D non-obtrusive, then perhaps more of the budget could have gone towards CGI effects. Plus, the use of 3D will magnify flaws in a movie's CGI (if there are any to be found), so when your budget is insufficient for your effects from the get-go, using 3D seems to be a poor decision at that point.    By now you have no doubt noticed that the series as a whole is wearing down, and keeping that theme going is the film's cast. While the performances were decent, there was really nothing new or fresh in this department, and in particular, the two female leads are looking a bit bored with themselves.    Series star Milla Jovovich has been with the franchise since the beginning and has claimed in interviews that she knows Alice inside and out (somewhat paraphrased). Having such a familiarity with a character isn't necessarily a bad thing as it can help keep a performance on track and natural. However, in this instance, I believe that due to Alice being Milla's comfort zone as a character, she is no longer finding any challenge in the role. Therefore, she comes off as uninterested in the character, despite her comments to the contrary, and the performance suffers in the process.    In the other lead role is actress Ali Larter, who joined the franchise in the previous installment and injected new life and eye candy into the proceedings. Yet, just like Milla her performance is beginning to run thin. This is most likely due to the lack of significant character development for her character Claire since the last movie. Ali has proven in previous works that she is a capable actress, but even the most qualified of actor or actress needs a role that will continue to develop and interest them. Otherwise you wind up with the uninspired performances we found here.    Several actors and actresses joined the cast this time around, but the most notable newcomer to the series, at least in name, definitely not in performance, is actor Wentworth Miller (TV's \\"Prison Break\\"). Wentworth portrays the role of Chris Redfield, the long-lost brother of Ali Larter's Claire. His character was poorly handled as he is nothing more than an action hero clich. To be specific, he's the prototypical strong, silent, no-nonsense type. Granted Chris was apparently in the military prior to his current situation we find him in, this based on what little backstory we are granted for the character, but his asinine tough-guy routine felt played out and lame from the get-go.    To sum things up, as I'm sure it's quite obvious at this point, this entry left a lot more to be desired than its predecessors and could easily signal doom for the future of this franchise. If another sequel is to be made, then there needs to be some substantial changes implemented to get the series back on track. Do whatever it takes to bring back the entertainment value this franchise once had in spades. If nothing changes, then the \\"Resident Evil\\" series will become just another laughing stock in the already long list of horror franchises that outstayed their welcome.    \\"Resident Evil: Afterlife is rated R for violence and language.
B0044XV684|5.0|This book is a must have for any Harry Potter fan! I'm a beginner cook and this cookbook was very easy to follow and helped me even improve my cooking skills by learning many useful techniques. Even if you're not in the mood to cook or don't have the time/ingredients, the commentary under the recipes alone is amazingly entertaining to read. Not only does it reveal where the item of food is found within the books, but it also gives the actual origin of the foods. There are 150+ recipes in this wonderful book and every recipe I've tried has turned out great. I highly recommend!
0439023491|3.0|I can't believe this trilogy has me feeling so compelled to write my first ever Amazon review. I'm not a review type of person. However, I'd like to gently forewarn the next enthusiastic reader about The Hunger Games, Katniss and Suzanne Collins. Because, I, for one was surely enthused. Please know I really wanted to give the entire series a 5 star across the board. I really did!!! There was room for such great growth and potential. Yet, I left the world of Panem feeling lukewarm, disturbed, and stunned. Especially the ending to Book 1 and most definitely the last book, Book 3.<br /><br />Suzanne is definitely not a happily ever after sort of author. Which is fine - to each its own. Now I know for future read. With all the violence and darkness, I remained hopeful for a happy ending. A ying/yang balance to all the ick. I kept trudging along believing that hope will arrive, that I wouldn't be disappointed. The time of hope never does arrive and I was disappointed. It was more like a constant lingering tease. Until you realize, \\"what have I done?\\" and go \\"DOH!\\" O-M-G the characters are flat, 1 dimensional. There was such richness for the main and secondary characters to be developed. I was wishing for them to develop and grow. Now onto the romance, first love, etc. I'm saddened by the romance because you can't even truly call it one. I'm a dubious sentimentalist and hopeless romantic. It was just so unbelievable and annoying. It felt like an afterthought, almost like let's toss the readers a mince bit of bone. If there's a love triangle make it real and good - pump it with drama. Instead Gale was missing for most of the entire series. Katniss... oh Katniss! I didn't like her and she's the heroine. Like the series and my imaginings of 5 stars, I strived extra hard to like her. In the end I found I wanted to slap her silly for being blind and entirely selfish. Perhaps on the verge of wringing her neck. You know shake her into realizing that love did surround her and to stop taking flight. Even after the heroine realizes she was selfish, she didn't change.<br /><br />Overall, I did enjoy my read of the series. Therefore, can't will myself to give it less than 3 stars across the entire board. I read all three books in 3.5 days. I don't regret making my Kindle purchases or taking the time to read the trilogy. I'm just sad that I wasn't able to find it amazing because I started so very hopeful/optimistic. I'd even recommend others to give it a chance and see for themselves. In this case I'm the minority (voice of the few who dare say otherwise), since so many people love the trilogy. But in the end I wasn't impressed and it left a lingering bad after taste in my mind.<br /><br />The only upside to this are the characters of Prim and Peeta (especially Peeta). He was the redeeming quality and salvation to this messy atrocity. If I can ask Suzanne, I'd like to know her decision of Finnick and Prim. Than cry out, \\"why?\\" How is this for YA?stop taking flight. Even after the heroine realizes she was selfish, she didn't change.<br /><br />Overall, I did enjoy my read of the series. Therefore, can't will myself to give it less than 3 stars across the entire board. I read all three books in 3.5 days. I don't regret making my Kindle purchases or taking the time to read the trilogy. I'm just sad that I wasn't able to find it amazing because I started so very hopeful/optimistic. I'd even recommend others to give it a chance and see for themselves. In this case I'm the minority (voice of the few who dare say otherwise), since so many people love the trilogy. But in the end I wasn't impressed and it left a lingering bad after taste in my mind.<br /><br />The only upside to this are the characters of Prim and Peeta (especially Peeta). He was the redeeming quality and salvation to this messy atrocity. If I can ask Suzanne, I'd like to know her decision of Finnick and Prim. Than cry out, \\"why?\\" How is this for YA?
0061997811|5.0|I bought it this Christmas for my Harry Potter crazy granddaughter,who is 20. She absolutely loved it. It has everything in it any older HP fan could want. Be warned though that there is a naked picture of Dobby in it. She felt that that was not necessary. I agree with her.
B002MQYOFW|3.0|I can't believe this trilogy has me feeling so compelled to write my first ever Amazon review.  I'm not a review type of person.  However, I'd like to gently forewarn the next enthusiastic reader about The Hunger Games, Katniss and Suzanne Collins.  Because, I, for one was surely enthused.  Please know I really wanted to give the entire series a 5 star across the board.  I really did!!!  There was room for such great growth and potential.  Yet, I left the world of Panem feeling lukewarm, disturbed, and stunned.  Especially the ending to Book 1 and most definitely the last book, Book 3.    Suzanne is definitely not a happily ever after sort of author.  Which is fine - to each its own.  Now I know for future read.  With all the violence and darkness, I remained hopeful for a happy ending.  A ying/yang balance to all the ick.  I kept trudging along believing that hope will arrive, that I wouldn't be disappointed.  The time of hope never does arrive and I was disappointed.  It was more like a constant lingering tease.  Until you realize, \\"what have I done?\\" and go \\"DOH!\\"  O-M-G the characters are flat, 1 dimensional.  There was such richness for the main and secondary characters to be developed.  I was wishing for them to develop and grow.  Now onto the romance, first love, etc.  I'm saddened by the romance because you can't even truly call it one.  I'm a dubious sentimentalist and hopeless romantic.  It was just so unbelievable and annoying.  It felt like an afterthought, almost like let's toss the readers a mince bit of bone.  If there's a love triangle make it real and good - pump it with drama.  Instead Gale was missing for most of the entire series.  Katniss... oh Katniss!  I didn't like her and she's the heroine.  Like the series and my imaginings of 5 stars, I strived extra hard to like her.  In the end I found I wanted to slap her silly for being blind and entirely selfish.  Perhaps on the verge of wringing her neck.  You know shake her into realizing that lovedid surround her and to stop taking flight.  Even after the heroine realizes she was selfish, she didn't change.    Overall, I did enjoy my read of the series.  Therefore, can't will myself to give it less than 3 stars across the entire board.  I read all three books in 3.5 days.  I don't regret making my Kindle purchases or taking the time to read the trilogy.  I'm just sad that I wasn't able to find it amazing because I started so very hopeful/optimistic.  I'd even recommend others to give it a chance and see for themselves.  In this case I'm the minority (voice of the few who dare say otherwise), since so many people love the trilogy.  But in the end I wasn't impressed and it left a lingering bad after taste in my mind.    The only upside to this are the characters of Prim and Peeta (especially Peeta).  He was the redeeming quality and salvation to this messy atrocity.  If I can ask Suzanne, I'd like to know her decision of Finnick and Prim.  Than cry out, \\"why?\\"  How is this for YA?
B003XQRZ7E|2.0|I wish Joe Bonamassa would not allow anyone else to share his white hot spotlight.  He's the whole enchilada.
0439023513|3.0|I can't believe this trilogy has me feeling so compelled to write my first ever Amazon review. I'm not a review type of person. However, I'd like to gently forewarn the next enthusiastic reader about The Hunger Games, Katniss and Suzanne Collins. Because, I, for one was surely enthused. Please know I really wanted to give the entire series a 5 star across the board. I really did!!! There was room for such great growth and potential. Yet, I left the world of Panem feeling lukewarm, disturbed, and stunned. Especially the ending to Book 1 and most definitely the last book, Book 3.    Suzanne is definitely not a happily ever after sort of author. Which is fine - to each its own. Now I know for future read. With all the violence and darkness, I remained hopeful for a happy ending. A ying/yang balance to all the ick. I kept trudging along believing that hope will arrive, that I wouldn't be disappointed. The time of hope never does arrive and I was disappointed. It was more like a constant lingering tease. Until you realize, \\"what have I done?\\" and go \\"DOH!\\" O-M-G the characters are flat, 1 dimensional. There was such richness for the main and secondary characters to be developed. I was wishing for them to develop and grow. Now onto the romance, first love, etc. I'm saddened by the romance because you can't even truly call it one. I'm a dubious sentimentalist and hopeless romantic. It was just so unbelievable and annoying. It felt like an afterthought, almost like let's toss the readers a mince bit of bone. If there's a love triangle make it real and good - pump it with drama. Instead Gale was missing for most of the entire series. Katniss... oh Katniss! I didn't like her and she's the heroine. Like the series and my imaginings of 5 stars, I strived extra hard to like her. In the end I found I wanted to slap her silly for being blind and entirely selfish. Perhaps on the verge of wringing her neck. You know shake her into realizing that love did surround her and to stop taking flight. Even after the heroine realizes she was selfish, she didn't change.    Overall, I did enjoy my read of the series. Therefore, can't will myself to give it less than 3 stars across the entire board. I read all three books in 3.5 days. I don't regret making my Kindle purchases or taking the time to read the trilogy. I'm just sad that I wasn't able to find it amazing because I started so very hopeful/optimistic. I'd even recommend others to give it a chance and see for themselves. In this case I'm the minority (voice of the few who dare say otherwise), since so many people love the trilogy. But in the end I wasn't impressed and it left a lingering bad after taste in my mind.    The only upside to this are the characters of Prim and Peeta (especially Peeta). He was the redeeming quality and salvation to this messy atrocity. If I can ask Suzanne, I'd like to know her decision of Finnick and Prim. Than cry out, \\"why?\\" How is this for YA?
B00000K3UU|5.0|Great fun!  It is nice to see a film that takes the lighter side on being a parent.  As outrageous as this film can be (with Adam Sandler as an instant father), the premise is a gem.  There is much food for thought and the ending is unpredictable...yet near perfect.  It should end this way for all fathers.  I gave it 5 stars because it will/has stood the test of time...over a decade old and still tugging away at growing up and taking responsibility. This is Sandler at his best!
B002ZG999U|5.0|All ur favorites old but gold action movies actors come together. What more can I say? Prepare 4 fist fights and double meaning phrases (Stallone's way) between real life wrestlers, martial arts experts & bodybuilders...
1400052173|5.0|Except when I read for research purposes, I generally settle down with a book of fiction.  (Most recently, I read and absolutely adored Bradford Morrow's brilliant, genre-busting novel The Diviner's Tale, a book which I recommend without reservation to all lovers of good fiction, and which I have also reviewed on Amazon's website.)  The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks, though nonfiction, captured my interest because of the rave reviews and fascinating press it generated, and I quickly picked up a copy of the hardcover edition when the book came out last year.  I found that it lived up to all the hype.  It's an intelligent, interesting book which reads as fluidly as good fiction, vividly fleshes out real life characters with poignance and compassion, and also provides a clear-eyed description of the socio-economic inequities that plague our system.  As for the science, I'm sure most of it is way (way!) over my head.  However, unlike some academics, whose writing is indecipherable to all but their fellow experts, Skloot writes clearly and effectively about the importance of Ms. Lacks' immortal cells.  Even though we may not \\"get\\" all the science, we understand the gist of what the author tells us, and certainly grasp its importance. She also seamlessly weaves into her book the history of medical research, and of issues like informed consent.    I also admire the way that Skloot puts herself, and her journey, into the narrative.  Her relationship with Henrietta's troubled but gentle-spirited daughter was, for me, one of the most moving parts of the narrative.  At the end of the book, you find that Skloot has established a scholarship fund for Henrietta Lacks' grandchildren, who remain impoverished despite the billions of dollars that have been made from their grandmother's cells.  I definitely intend to visit the website and make a contribution, and I'm sure many other readers will do the same after reading this book.
0740748475|5.0|Sent this to our daughter for her birthday.  She's an Army Nurse stationed at Walter Reed working in the  ward that treats our soldiers wounded in the Gulf.  She grew up with C & H and missed them. These volumes  give her a nostalgic relief from her days at work.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I am glad they are releasing this entire series to Blu-Ray in the enhanced version.  To the so-called purists out there the 25th anniversary theatrical release and subsequently to different media formats enhanced those episodes. Much of what was added, besides cleaning up old technology special effects, were scenes that ended up edited out of the original films. These scenes filled in gaps in the story line which were obvious edits in the original, so don't complain.  The Star Wars saga has always been on the cutting edge of motion picture techology, even back in 1977 when it was originally released.  George Lucas became a pioneer in film special effects and launched an entire industry serving the motion picture industry.  Many of the later great special effects films including all the Star Trek films may not have been possible without the technology developed by Lucas.  It's only fitting that these films are now released on state of the art media not only for a new genereation to enjoy for the next 30 years, but for all of us old timeres who first saw it on the big screen in the 70's.  This is definitaly what I have been waiting for.
B001IBIHQ4|1.0|I was hoping it was going to be as great or even better (if that is possible) like Band of Brothers.      It had the makings of being a great film but they BLEW IT!      It was so slow and boring I was hoping it would kick in at some point and when it never did it was a big let down!    With Band of Brothers I bought the DVD and have watched it over and over and over.    With The Pacific the thought of buying the DVD never entered my mind.  It was that bad
0143036424|3.0|This book is Ok but as far as reading your better bet is CJBox books.  It tends to be confusing and drawn out.
B0009UC7H0|3.0|Sahara (2005) is an action adventure that largely delivers what you expect from a big budget film of this type, a likeable hero, a beautiful damsel, exotic locations, epic scale, cool action sequences, a touch of humor, a little romance, an ancient mystery, and hidden treasure.  Except for a major bad guy, it's all there, packaged within a decently constructed story.<br /><br />The film is based on a Dirk Pitt novel, one of over a dozen written by Clive Clussler, whose first book featuring the character was published in 1973.  While the books featuring Pitt, an ex-Navy officer turned salvage expert, may be fertile material with cinematic possibilities, prior to Sahara, only Raise The Titanic (1976) had been made into a feature film in 1980.  Cussler had apparently been so dissatisfied with the way Raise the Titanic had turned out, that he refused to permit any of his other Pitt novels to be made into films for over 20 years.<br /><br />Mathew McConaughey had great interest in playing Dirk Pitt, and contacted Cussler to discuss the possibility.  Eventually Cussler agreed to McConaughey playing his beloved character, although the actor had to agree to dye his hair dark, and wear green contact lenses, to match Cussler's description of Pitt.  With script approval, Cussler greenlighted the production, however he later had major objections, and took legal action against the production company.<br /><br />The movie incorporates many of the major elements from the book, a winding tale centered on Pitt's search for the CSS Texas, a US Civil War ironclad, he believes is lost somewhere in the African desert.  As ironclads were not the most seaworthy of craft, the possibility that one travelled from the east coast of America to Nigeria, would seem to be quite remote, but that is the premise here.<br /><br />Dirk Pitt fans may have strong feelings about how the character is presented, and how well the novel is translated to the screen.  Those without preconceptions, may regard Sahara as just another adventure in the style of Indiana Jones, with some James Bond influences.  Dirk Pitt comes across as a rather generic, nice guy hero type, who while not seeming particularly nautical, is perhaps more affable than in the books.  The principal casting is solid, with Steve Zahn as Pitt's best buddy Al Giordino, William H. Macy as James Sandecker, the head of NUMA (National Underwater and Marine Agency), and Penelope Cruz as doctor Eva Rojas.<br /><br />After rescuing doctor Dr. Rojas in Lagos, Nigeria, Pitt convinces his boss Sandecker, to allow him to head up the Niger River in a NUMA boat, to follow an obscure clue.  Eva Rojas hitches a ride on Pitt's boat to Mali, before departing to find the source of a plague.  General Kazim (Lennie James) the ruler of Mali, is colluding with businessman Yves Massarde (Lambert Wilson) who is running a secret solar power plant in the middle of the desert, that is poisoning the water supply.  Kazim attempts to eliminate both the medical team, and the NUMA expedition.  Pitt's boat is attacked, and sunk.  Proceeding through the desert via camel, Dirk and Al manage to find Eva, just after her medical team has been massacred by Kazim's men.  While travelling by Jeep, the group is taken in by natives, the Tuaregs, and taken to their city in the desert.  There they meet Madibo (Paulin Fodoup), the Tuareg leader, and Al discovers a clue to the location of an ironclad in the desert.  The stage is set for an eventful final act, where the heroes discover the secret plant, the remnants of a lost airplane, and buried below the desert sands, the long lost CSS Texas.  The buildup is nicely done, but with Kazim attacking in a helicopter, the end of the conclusive chase is a little lame.  While the reality factor is low, overall the film is a pretty lively and entertaining romp, with a lighthearted tone.<br /><br />Regarded as a box office bomb, Sahara had a massive budget reportedly topping $130 million, and has apparently yet to make a profit.  Also part of the baggage that has become attached to the film, is the falling out with author Clive Clusser, which resulted in a lawsuit being filed against the production company, who in turn countersued Cussler.  The cases have gone to trial and the appeals process.  Judgments have been rendered, but a final resolution has apparently yet to be reached.  Odds are, we won't be seeing any new Dirk Pitt films anytime soon.<br /><br />Among the many special features are two commentary tracks, one with director Breck Eisner, and a second with Eisner and Mathew McConaughy.  The first is more informative technically, while the second is more informal.  Besides being the star, McConaughy served as an executive producer, and was crucial in making the project a reality.  Clive Cussler's involvement is briefly discussed, but there is no mention of any legal matters.Also part of the baggage that has become attached to the film, is the falling out with author Clive Clusser, which resulted in a lawsuit being filed against the production company, who in turn countersued Cussler.  The cases have gone to trial and the appeals process.  Judgments have been rendered, but a final resolution has apparently yet to be reached.  Odds are, we won't be seeing any new Dirk Pitt films anytime soon.        Among the many special features are two commentary tracks, one with director Breck Eisner, and a second with Eisner and Mathew McConaughy.  The first is more informative technically, while the second is more informal.  Besides being the star, McConaughy served as an executive producer, and was crucial in making the project a reality.  Clive Cussler's involvement is briefly discussed, but there is no mention of any legal matters.
B000JPIB8Y|4.0|This was a good book to read for a book club.  It makes the reader really think   .  It brings to mind that danger and evil doesn't always lurk among strangers but also among those who we consider trusted friends, neighbors etc. It makes for a good discussion and even though it is fiction, it nevertheless is an example of how easy predetors can lure their victims.  I think the author really portrayed the story and the characters in a truly realistic way.
B002SEW5WW|5.0|Purchased item as a gift. It arrive quickly and in great condition. I am extremely happy with this item. Will buy from this seller again.
B00479SVBU|5.0|This is an excellent product for people that want to get their music playing in any vehicle. I bought it for my winter truck that has a dead CD player so that I would not have to invest in a new receiver. It plugs right in and does everything it claims in the description. A 2GB memory card will read and start playing in under 2 seconds, and the remote has adequate functions to do what ever you may need. The only gripe I have, which is more FCC related than manufacturer, is the poor signal strength to the radio. I had this same problem with Sirius radio and I hear it is a result of a FCC mandate that the allowable output of a FM transmitters was reduced. Line of sight with your car antennae is essential to getting good sound.
0143112724|5.0|The Strunk & White classic has been updated and enhanced with wonderful illustrations by Maira Kalman. I've given this book as a gift to friends, partly hoping to improve their writing as well as their appreciation of Kalman's work, but mostly because it's a lovely little book to have handy on the shelf.
B002BU0DPE|4.0|This was the perfect headset for the perfect price but there are a few things bad with it.  - the ear muffs are too small and hurt my big ears  - the headset itself has already broken twice and i've spent $25 on shipping and handling to get it replaced  - there is always something wrong with this headset  - the description says it will feel you have nothing on but its about 4 pounds of weight on your head and after a while starts to hurt.  other than that its a good headset and i recommend getting this because they actually  replace the headset.
B003UESJF6|5.0|After watching Alpha and Omega (another animation) that was just plain awful, I didn't start this movie with a very positive attitude and was expecting somewhat of a disappointment. Fortunately I was wrong.<br /><br />To cut it short - great movie, great animation, very fitting set of humorous scenes, and best of all, great multiple plot twists that made the movie very enjoyable and refreshing to watch. Unlike Alpha and Omega, this one is going into my collection, very well worth it too. Great film for the family.
B00275EHJG|5.0|This movie is too cute!Great deal. I totally recommend others to buy it and watch it a million times. =)
B00364K6YW|5.0|Without a doubt, this BBC version of Pride and Prejudice is the best adaptation to date.  No other version really matters.  Jane Austen did not know it, but when she set out to write Pride and Prejudice, she had Colin Firth in mind to play Mr. Darcy.
B0047WJ12K|5.0|Said to myself \\" Yeah, I gotta watch this one\\".<br />I watched it, full on entertainment!<br />Watch it for yourself!<br />I give it 5 stars, it was 5 stars in every way.
B00133KFGW|5.0|I could only say \\"wow\\" after seeing this film. August Rush is a highly beautiful film about a boy living in an orphanage. He absolutely adores everything that has to do with music and this passion of his takes him on a quest for the two aspects he misses the most in life: his parents and a fair chance to play and enjoy music. As for the acting, the sweet and sincere leading character gives an amazing performance. Still, it's the high quality melodies that make this movie really stand apart.     The following sentence heard in the film sums up it's main message: \\"Just listen!\\" This is a great piece of advice for everyone living in our stressed up world today. How often do we ignore or neglect all the gentle voices around us: the singing of birds, the sounds of wind and the expressed honest hopes and expectations of the people around us.
030746363X|5.0|I had read Tim Ferris' Four Hour Work Week and was intrigued by his previous work.  When he announced the new book that took a look at the same principles towards the human body, I immediately put this book on my wish list.  Fast forward to two weeks after buying the book:  I have read it completely and refer to it on a daily basis to check on my success and plan for the future.  I have lost 12 pounds in 14 days while working out twice (more for waking up than losing weight) and have told my family and friends about the book.  Don't know what else to say other than you should get the book and give it a try.
B0006L16N8|5.0|Its hard to find a better album than this composed in the decade concluded in the year 2010. Excelent masterpiece, much better than the album that succeeded it. Cheers!
B002LFAHBO|5.0|My wife wanted this, and I only buy Blu-ray, so we were both happy.  Quality is excellent, price was good, my wife is happy. Perfect!
B0043KK4N6|5.0|I don't usually purchase soundtracks, but my daughter and I loved this movie.  This came in the mail yesterday, and we listened to it in the car - took us right back to feeling like we were sitting in the theater again.  Very enjoyable and engaging.  We could not stop snapping our fingers and car dancing.  We are Christina fans, and I grew up watching the Sonny and Cher show, so this was a double delight.  Definitely recommend!  The only problem is it made us both want to see the movie again right then and there - have to wait to purchase the DVD (sigh)!
0375851569|5.0|I purchased this item for my 9 month old granddaughter who loves to be read to, and we want her to be a reader !!!  This boxes set contains the first 5 starter books in a nice case.  Liked this item since I will be able to add to the collection for birthdays & holidays for many more years to come.    Individual books are $8 - $9 each so this was a great bargain as well.  I would definitely recommend these books for young children since they can usually memorize them and enjoy hearing them over & over again with the rhymed themes.  My children memorized every one we had & \\"pretended \\" to read every page since they knew what they said before they could actually read.  It also helped them learn to read before they entered Kindergarten.  Just supervise the youngest ones since the pages are regular paper & are often torn by some little ones.  She is being taught how to care for these type books and is already learning the difference between them and the fabric books that they crumple & put in their mouth or plastic books that they play with in the tub.  Great Value for this set as well as being a popular classic collection to have for children of all ages.
030746363X|5.0|The real deal. Last week on my free day I ate the following (that I can remember) Sausage, eggs 2 english muffins (smothered in butter) followed by a blueberry muffin for a mid-meal snack. Lunch was 2 hotdogs, bag of pretzels (small bag) and a candy bar. Dinner was some BBQ ribs and ice cream for desert with little bites of odds and ends eaten sporadically throughout the day. None of these meals were small portions either. Continuing to lose more weight and inches. 4+ inches and counting. 50 years old and I feel like I haven't in many years. My thoughts: Science smience. It works!! Why? Tim explains in the book. I really don't care . It works! Lots of other great stuff in the book also. (Sex, and some other stuff I forgot about). You rock Tim. Thanks.
B002ZG98Z0|1.0|This. Movie. Was. Just. Too. Much. It showed absolutely no restraint on all fronts. There were so many reasons to hate this movie, but I'll name a few:    1) It was another road trip. I think the rationale for setting this movie in the middle east was something like, The audiences enjoyed the exotic road trip scenes in the the first movie, so let's create that. Plus the girls will have the opportunity to wear some bright, showy clothing.       2) It was culturally insensitive. The movie was written so that ladies would applaud at the strong women being strong women and sexually liberated antics, but when it is done at the expense of another person's culture, it is wrong. They should have hired a consultant from the middle east to run a sensitivity check on some of these scenes. It just felt like the typical American egocentric, index-finger shaking stance of \\"Our way of life is the right way to live. Your culture is backward!\\" Let the middle eastern people live in the manner they see fit. They didn't ask for Americans to validate them and bless their way of life. I just feel like whatever problems they may have is their cultural battle to fight, not ours.  I cannot stand the black and white thinking. It feels so sophomoric. I hate when other countries talk crap about America, especially when they don't live here.    If a country is \\"sexually repressed\\" and you are not, I think the smartest thing to do would be not to visit. It is not liberating to pretend that you are somehow helping the women of that country by pushing your values on them. It's silly and imperialistic. There was a scene with one of the girls raving in a souk, that was absolutely cringe-worthy and horrifying.    3) The older the women get, the more childish they seem to act. Instead of embracing age with dignity and grace, one of the girls is desperate to turn back the clock. Everyone has to get old, everyone has to die, no amount of Louboutins or Herve Leger dresses is going to stop that from happening. Why not be a role model, show us young-ins how to age with grace, and make way for the new generation? Everything has a season.    4) I get it; you guys are rich! It was so so so upsetting to see the amount of wealth and waste that went into the movie and it was celebrated! In the middle of an economic and environmental crisis, there was just too much excess.    Before I saw the movie, I thought, during the second world war, MGM and other studios made these lavish films to take people minds of the war and depression, to give them an escape. But in this day and age it didn't quite work. I think it's because audiences know too much. Thanks to Sex and the City, Cribs, E! Entertainment television, VH1, Material(istic) Rap, etc, we know exactly how much a Maybach costs. We know exactly how much their suite costs. We know that designer clothes are not cheap and that wearing them to ride a camel it somewhat akin to Marie Antoinette saying, \\"Let them eat cake!\\" in reference to the poor French masses.  We're riding camels in the Middle East wearing couture! Eat cake America (or should I say, \\"Wear couture America!\\")! The movie makers throw it in our faces and we know exactly what it costs. And more importantly, we no longer view celebrities in that soft focus kind of naive way. I know that SJP works out like a dog to maintain her body. I know that she is proud to flash her legs every chance the script gives her. (Her body is great, but sometimes it was a bit excessive as well.) I know that the reason why Kristen Davis's face doesn't move freely is due to Botox and fillers. The bubble on the dream has burst.    The movie's makers thinks it pulled back in respect of the economy. What was the first script like? Did they each charter their own private plane to Abu Dhabi? Carrie says that she and big downsized with respect to an apartment. Ha! Okay, thanks, for trimming a little bit of fat off the giant prime rib.    5) This movie tried to tackle too many things: marriage troubles, relationships troubles, sexual liberation, existentialism. It sinks in a quick sand of corniess and lacks direction. At one point the script even relies on a silly \\" on the look out\\" spy trope, where their heads pop out from around a corner in a synchronized fashion. I thought, \\"what am I watching!?\\" Sex and the City the TV show was too sophisticated to rely on such tired comedy. Sex and the City is having an existential crisis. I don't think that it was a show that ever meant for the big screen.    6) Frat boy humor comedy. From four ladies in their 40s and 50s--NO!    7) I get it! Samantha has sex. I just no longer want to see her do it. It doesn't come off as funny to see her with some guy on top of her. It is feels a bit demeaning because we've seen this before and there isn't a hilarious payoff. Sex scene with no meaning is just filler. Kim Catrall is too gorgeous and too good of an actress to be used like that.    8) No more heavy black eyeliner on Sarah Jessica Parker. It just makes her eyes looks small.  Not flattering. Not sexy. Actually, the make-up in general was too dark and heavy on all of the ladies.    There is probably a lot more. I wish they showed more NY and delved deeper in an organized way into the girl's issues. I thought Carrie, Miranda, and Charlotte's problems were the most interesting because the are universal. How do you define yourself after you have been married? How do you balance parenthood and self? How do you define yourself after a physical change? Why couldn't it have been a movie about the existential crisis, with nice clothes? If there is a next time, don't flash the clothing brands in my face (sorry advertisers!); let me wonder where they came from.    Ladies, maybe we can have it all. You just can't have it \\"all\\" at once and you certainly can't have it forever. But frankly, after seeing this movie, I think all is too much.
B003V4AK8E|1.0|i opened it it seemed to work fine, but when i tryed to aim noticed the L1 button was broken
B003ICWTR4|5.0|At 60 years old, there is no equal to Bruce & the band when it comes to concert performance......even those pretenders at 1/2 his age cannot compete when it comes to a Live Concert performance.  Clocking in at about 3 hours, the London Calling concert is (1) awesome (2) unbelievably CLEAR sound for outdoor concert (3) has great mix of fan favorite songs from the last 30 years.  From opening note to last encore, Bruce does not let up, slow down, or take a break......it is non stop, wonderful, clear sounding, floor stomping music.<br /><br />For fans that already have the Live in NYC or Barcelona concerts, this is a MUST for your collection, as this also includes super live versions of Outlaw Pete, Working on a Dream, Trapped, No Surrender,  of course opening to a rocking London Calling, and haunting The River, plus 20+ other songs.<br /><br />Bruce takes audience signs of songs and makes changes on the spot, which is pretty amazing.  Touching scene was Bruce reaching out to  what looked like a 6 year old, held up by the parent, and Bruce stretching the microphone out to the boy ( while being held up by other fans ) so that we can hear the kid sing \\" Waiting on a Sunny Day\\".....<br />Quite a scene, and, quite a concert.<br /><br />Film and sound are top notch ( 5 stars ), and, ordering with Amazon had my baby in my player in 2 days.
1439152780|2.0|I absolutely loved The Forgotten Garden, so I could not wait to read The Distant Hours.  I have to say I was very disappointed in this book and reading it was almost torture to me - especially the first half. There was way too much unnecessary detail and I had the feeling the whole time the writer was just writing what she thought readers of this type of book would want to hear - the main character's best friends were books and not people and things like that.  The only thing that kept me going is I really wanted to know what was in the letter Merideth received and I wanted to know what happened to Thomas Cavill.  The book did pick up a bit after the second half, but for me the \\"mysteries\\" were real letdowns and I was sorry I had spent so much time with this book. I wouldn't normally write a bad review for a book whose author I've liked in the past, but I'm hoping maybe with Kate Morton's next novel she'll get back to the type of book The Forgotten Garden was.  That book was long and had lots of detail, but it was so well written I truly felt like I was part of the story.  I did not get any feelings like that with this book.  I'm looking forward to reading The House at Riverton and hope I like it much better than The Distant Hours.
0674049160|3.0|My wife is an Austenophile and Pride and Prejudice is perhaps her favorite book. I bought this for her birthday because her only edition was an old dog-eared paperback. Based on the reviews here I had very high expectations for the content.  While it is very beautifully printed, the introduction and annotations leave a lot to be desired.  One doesn't have to be a Austen scholar to find many if not most of the notes obvious if not redundant.  The explanations of the characters' reactions are for the most part self-evident to anyone who reads the book and are certainly superfluous to those who have read it several times over.<br /><br />Take for example p.247, which is typical of the book:<br /><br />\\"She could see him instantly before her, in every charm of air and address;\\" -- \\"address\\" is annotated as \\"Manner in conversation\\"<br /><br />\\"... by the predominance of virtue, atone for those casual errors ...\\" -- \\"casual\\" is annotated as \\"Accidental\\"<br /><br />\\"... and the regard which his social powers had gained him in the mess.\\" -- \\"mess\\" is annotated a \\"A group of officers who eat together.\\"<br /><br />The editor appears to have assumed that the reader is not very well-versed in the relatively easy English of Austen and also can't understand straightforward details of the story. I expected a lot more.
030746363X|5.0|read this book.  I am currently doing the PAGG stack and just started the Kettlebell training, in addition to the paleo diet I've been half-assing the last 2 weeks I am down 4 pounds over the last 6 days.  The kettle bell work out has been the most intense workout I've ever done and I can't wait to see the results after 60 days.  The important thing is to read it how he suggests; in sections according to what your goals are.  I've seen people point out inconsistencies but they are only inconsistent if you have very different goals.  Dropping fat and building mass have completely different strategies so of course they won't always match up.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|Good rounding off of the romantic triangle. Just can't wait for people who haven't read the forth book to understand the whole story.
B00006CXSS|5.0|I purchased this set for my son. He loved it. He is 9 and really likes war movies. He explored the characters on the DVD. He spent a lot of time on it.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|This edition is not just a collection of the complete series it is another great adventure from the Lost saga.  Of course you have the blu-rays alongside an extensive review of each segment found inside a durable book there are also the many hours of unseen footage.  To heighten the experience you have the game seen is season 6 with no rules of play, but the promise that if you search the collection you will learn. Many symbols are hidden throughout the collection that allows for more entertainment and a value for the included black light.  Many other \\"Lost\\" features await to be discovered in this collection that anyone who claims to be a \\"Lostie\\" must purchase!
B003ZK58WM|5.0|Very &#34;Micheneresque&#34; with the combination of historical incidents & people combined with fictional characters. The tome is well worth it's weight.
1416972242|5.0|I couldn't put this book down, and I flew through it in two days. I don't think there was a dull moment. There was plenty of action, a few twists and surprises, and conflict between characters to keep things interesting. The dialogue, I think, has improved from the last book--the teens no longer use ridiculously complex words in their sarcastic banter, thank goodness, and it felt more realistic.     Readers are introduced to a few new characters in this book. One of them is Imogen, the Inquisitor, who is convinced that Jace is Valentine's spy and ruthlessly persecutes him. I couldn't help but be painfully reminded of Professor Umbridge from the Harry Potter series, aka 'the High Inquisitor'. That's about the only nitpick I have with this book, though.    Alright, so I have one more nitpick--the relationship between Jace and Clary. Even though they now know that they're brother and sister and nothing can happen between them, they're still struggling with their feelings for each other. I really don't care for this sort of 'romance', and it may make other readers uncomfortable. I'm not sure where the author is going with this, but I have the suspicion that there's still another secret here and Jace and Clary aren't really siblings despite how things appear. At least, I'll be holding onto that hope til I finish this series.     As for the characters, I think they really bring this story to life. I have to say that I think Cassandra Clare has done an excellent job with them--they feel very real to me and I care about what happens to them. I was happy to see some character development in this book. Jace and Clary discover new talents, and Simon...well, I won't give anything away. There was even development in the relationship between characters, especially Simon & Jace which I was pleased to see. Valentine is a great villain--not the stereotypical, evil-laughter bad guy, but cold, calculating, and an unnervingly charming liar.    It was a good, fast-paced story with strong, likable characters that kept me enthralled from the beginning. Definitely recommend it to fans of paranormal fantasy!
B003HLM2QO|4.0|I'll keep this short.....if you like Ozzy...you will really like this CD. I think it is one of his better releases in a long time. Still not up to par with 80's Ozzy....but still better than 99% of rock music put out nowadays. Buy this...you won't be dissapointed.
0525951652|5.0|In a world that is ignorant of history, the first 321 pages are required reading for all.   A cautionary tale.  The giants of today merely inhabit a different spot on the globe.  If I were still teaching history, I would make this a class assignment.    Our children know nothing of the past as future.    A gripping saga because it happened.    WWI was horribly, horribly senseless.  The years between it and WWII were simply a cease-fire.  It can be argued that the combatants have never truly recovered.    It can be argued that Wilson was indeed evil.  Grim.  Grim.  But a must-read.  (I have read everything Follett has written.  Never enough!)
B00436GNVC|4.0|I have listened to the whole thing a few times, and unfortunately it just doesn't match up to her first album.  I like \\"Well, well, well\\" quite a bit and a few of the others.  I have to say that I preferred the style of Rockferry.  Update: I have listened to this more now, and starting to like it better. Bumping up t a 4.
B001IAOEXU|5.0|Given the nature of the shoulder buttons on the Playstation 3 controllers, this accessory should have been part of the design from day one.  Just that little lip for the fingers to rest on is vital for any sort of gaming, especially racing games since the shoulder buttons get constant pressure for throttle.  No more fingers slipping, easy to clip on, and the price makes the purchase a must for any real owner of a PS3.
B000646MNE|1.0|I was charged $127 for this on Dec 9,2010 but my mother did not receive the order.  I will report this to my credit card company and Amazon.com.
B00417HV14|5.0|I can't stop watching this concert. So well done. The songs are nicely interspersed with little anecdotes and stories. Clapton's guest appearance is great. Their solo-trading is awesome. Bonamassa is the best at what he does. Most of these songs are better live than on the original recordings. Get it.
B0006ZFQN0|5.0|Who is this magical creature Ferenc Fricsay?     What an aural awakening this is! Having been accustomed to the 'iconic' Karajan/ Rostropovich/ Oistrakh/ Richter recording, this collaboration produced something quite special which in many senses is the polar opposite of the former. One notices the difference within 5 seconds of the beginning.    Fournier: Charming, elegant, delicate but not feeble. Manages to bend some passages rhythmically without any hint of distortion.    Schneiderhan: Lean, clean but never cold. Classical, does not lack bounce, backbone of the trio.    Anda: Never warmed to Anda until now. Crytalline pianism, aristocratic, ebbs and flows almost like Edwin Fischer.    Overall result:   Beautiful sense of pacing/ immediacy much akin to quietly watching the rise & fall of one's chest during restful respiration or perhaps the relaxed sinus arrythmia of one's pulse. Sonically, it is luminous and warm while a sense of effervesence and sheer joy of music making pervades the entire account.  The orchestral accompaniment never intrudes but complements the soloists to the point of organic assimilation. Yet it is not drowned, overpowered and does not lack presence.    Again, who/ what is this creature that is Ferenc Fricsay who also gave us K595 with Haskil?
B003ZJJFKE|4.0|I like this album. It has some new stuff, but it also has more of the same. But I like Satch's previous work, so more of the same isn't necessarily bad. \\"Premonition\\" has the best 10 sec. solo I've heard. \\"Dream Song\\" is nice. \\"Wormhole Wizards\\" is quirky, like \\"Ghosts,\\" from his last live disc. Love it. \\"Wind in the Trees\\" is by far my favorite track. The melody is a combination of wah and auto-tune. Really, really cool.   I could go on, but I won't. If you like anything he's done in the last 10 years, you'll like this album. The only song I don't like is \\"Littleworth Lane,\\" not because it's poorly written, but because I just don't like the sound of Gospel style music as a whole.
0446563048|3.0|An autobiography can indeed be a how-to book, especially if you're looking for<br /><br />more inspriation than nuts-and-bolts about how to run a company.  Tony<br /><br />Hsieh's story about how he succeeded in the online world, building Zappos<br /><br />into a company that Amazon was willing to pay more than a billion dollars for,<br /><br />is certainly inspring.  Delivering Happiness is not a particularly instructive book<br /><br />about how to deliver customer satisfaction, however. I took it more as a print<br /><br />version of a corporate culture manual designed to let people know what it's like<br /><br />to work for the company.  The writing is delightful, though, and the book<br /><br />makes for an entertaining read.
B002ZG980U|5.0|Saw Inception with my 14 year old grandson.  Both old age (that would be me) and youth (my grandson) found the movie absorbing, and at times, astonishing.  Those who have not seen it ask those who have, \\"What is it about?\\"  And the answer invariably is, \\"I don't know, but it's great.\\"  So it is. Leonardo is brilliant.  This is both a director's movie and an actor's movie. My grandson said, \\"I did not intend it, but this is a new best!\\"  Try it. You'll love it.
0061353248|4.0|Despite what the economists would have us believe, there is little about human behavior that is rational.  Dan Ariely's fascinating experiements prove that time and time again.  As a consultant, I can attest to the veracity of his conclusions.  I've seen dozens of compensation plans for employees, for example.  Many of them--especially those aimed at salepeople--are designed to give the employee incentives to work more, harder, more productively, etc.  Most of these plans fail to produce the desired results completely, or at best, achieve some of the goals while creating some completely unexpected outcomes, usually much to the chagrin of management.  Ariely understands why that happens, and explains it in an entertaining, accessible style that makes this book a winner.
B003H6KRIE|1.0|This was a gift and the first movie of the three didn't work. My son-in-law had to go out and replace it.
1599218011|5.0|I know there isn't much more to say here amongst the glowing reviews, but I have to express my appreciation for this book!  I tore through Crazy Sexy Diet in about a day, it is just brimming with delicious information.   I have read a lot about healthy eating, cleansing, detoxing, dealing with disease through diet, etc., and always had a hard time connecting to the idea that I could change my diet and therefore my life. Where do you even start? I was either overwhelmed by doctor speak or shocked at the impossible standards I was expected to live up to.   When I bought Crazy Sexy Diet, I knew just from the Table of Contents that Kris meant business with this book! It covers every subject I have ever had questions about, and it answers them in a way that makes sense, is exciting, and REALISTIC. The way Kris writes is a breath of fresh air- she is a real person, and has legitimately changed her life. The honesty is intoxicating, and her wit and humor make you fall in love with her and her story.   I have embarked on the 21 Day Cleanse she offers at the end of the book-- and I feel amazing! I have a long way to go, but I feel so supported in this process just knowing I have my book nearby. The wisdom in this book is invaluable, from the experts that contributed to Kris' loving encouragement. I recommend this to anyone. Period.   xoxo  Anousheh
1905716761|4.0|I am very please with this product(beautiful edition) but it took much time to get it.  I am desappointed to realize that it is not exactly what I expected; I was told that I would get the complete collection of novels by Jane Austen. But I dont have \\"lady Susan\\" and \\"Sanditon\\". The truth is that they are uncomplete works but nevertheless i expected them to be included.<br />Best regards Odile Sj&ouml;strand
B004EJ14V2|5.0|ok this was a really great movie not as funny as I would have hope'd but it was still a great movie I loved it! The parents were HILARIOUS!!!
B002VKE1K2|5.0|One of the scariest movie's if you are into stuff like this. I loved it. Movie was in perfect condition!!!
B003F3NE1Q|5.0|this one was cheaper then any other store i had seen- target and walmart wanted $45+ but not Amazon! This DVD set is amazing and has extra scenes for the season finale!
0312600844|2.0|I had high expecations for this book after hearing so much hype on Oprah and was extremely dissappointed. It took me 300 hundred pages to get into the book and I made myself finish hoping the plot would get better -- it did not. The book was overall very verbose and Franzen really could have made all the same points with much less space.
B004CD7OCI|5.0|It's been a long time since a series like this has actually lived up to my expectations.  Looking forward to season 2.  I highly recommend.
B001HN694K|4.0|Johnny Depp gave one of his best acting performance as the Mad Hatter. He brought life to a deep charactor. Well done Mr Depp. This movie was enchanting. The special effects were well done. Alice played by Mia Wasikowski now 19 years returns to the magical world of Wonderland. By returning to wonderland she meets some of old and new charactors. This is must see for Johnny Depp fans.
B003G4W49C|5.0|I am new to science fiction and Ender's game is an incredible introduction.  I loved it!  It is creative, insightful, meaningful, and enjoyable.  The fantasy elements underscore and enhance the storyline instead of taking center stage.  I am excited to discover whether Card's other works are as fun.
B003EV6DBM|3.0|I don't watch the series, but I received the item very quickly! It was a Christmas gift for a friend.
B002SJKWZ4|5.0|I bought this wand for my daughter as a Christmas gift.  She is a Harry Potter fan, and had even crafted handmade wands for herself and her friends.  This product by far tops them all!  It is well weighted, \\"authentically\\" designed, and seems to have magical powers.  It was truly her favorite gift of the season.
B0018TLRTU|5.0|If you want to hear Billy Idol and his band playing the very best...buy it!  You can't go wrong and it ROCKS!
B0047A72E6|2.0|I love Buddy Guy's work, but this goes both for this album as well as a concert tour a few years back: he is truly amazing but I don't want to see someone on stage soaking up adulation simply for being Buddy Guy. I bought this album to make my ears happy, and he couldn't do it. If he would care to stop being so impressed with himself, I'd really like to re-discover that his reputation is deserved.     He's \\"Living Proof\\" that you can't be caught slipping. Too bad he was.
B00003CXAT|4.0|First, I want to say that this movie 'was' ground-breaking.  If \\"King Kong\\" ushered in the wave of stop-motion effects, which would continue to get better and better over the next 50 or so years, \\"Jurassic Park\\" was the first to really convince the public that CGI was the next step to achieving realism with movie monsters, dragons, space ships, etc (yes, more so than Terminator 2).<br /><br />Having said that, in spite of what Spielberg and his cohorts repeatedly suggest and outright boast about in their \\"Jurassic Park\\" documentary, CGI did not kill stop-motion, nor is it much much better than stop-motion in creating 'realism.'  It's strange for Spielbert to cite Harryhausen as an influence but then to go on and demonstrate how he feels stop-motion is unrealistic and too choppy.  And indeed, most of the extras are just documentaries about how great CGI is.<br /><br />As a Harryhausen fan, I took slight offense to that.<br /><br />Yes, stop-motion creatures will always seem a little fantastical (read: unrealistic) in movies, but as Harryhausen himself has always suggested, why would you want anything else?  And besides, any realism of the dinosaurs in Jurassic Park is negated by the unrealism of its human cast, most of whom do things in this movie that no human in real life would do or say.  This is even more of a problem in the sequel \\"JP: The Lost World.\\"  That is, the poor writing of characters in this movie constantly reminds you that you are watching a popcorn movie -- so, what is the point of trying to go ultra-realistic  with the dinosaurs and then have humans not react to these ultra-realistic dinosaurs convincingly (note: this is not always true) and act like idiots in regular conversation?<br /><br />I did like Goldblum's character quite a bit, and he tends to steal whatever scene he's in.  But the T-Rex is the star of the show and I have to admit that he 'does' deliver.  The Raptors too are a great accomplishment (though it is important to note that they are scientifically inaccurate -- far too big and lacking in feathers that have been shown to adorn the entire species).<br /><br />Of course, \\"Jurassic Park\\" is a lot of fun to watch, and I think it's a great dino movie.  It ushered in a whole new age of movie effects and creature features, much more so that \\"Terminator 2: Judgement Day\\" or \\"The Abyss\\" (also two great movies that really paved the way for CGI).  But, I think the filmmakers have a lot to learn when it comes to what makes CGI realistic.  It has more to do with how the real actors interact with their CGI environment and less to do with how good the CGI actually looks.  Is is telling that most of the better scenes in \\"Jurassic Park\\" are with the full-scale mockups, not the CGI dinos.  And that's not because the CGI doesn't look great -- it's because the actors having something real to interact with on-screen (and not standing in front of a blue screen and imagining what they are seeing while looking at a set-point).<br /><br />Still, a great accomplishment and fun movie.rate -- far too big and lacking in feathers that have been shown to adorn the entire species).      Of course, \\"Jurassic Park\\" is a lot of fun to watch, and I think it's a great dino movie.  It ushered in a whole new age of movie effects and creature features, much more so that \\"Terminator 2: Judgement Day\\" or \\"The Abyss\\" (also two great movies that really paved the way for CGI).  But, I think the filmmakers have a lot to learn when it comes to what makes CGI realistic.  It has more to do with how the real actors interact with their CGI environment and less to do with how good the CGI actually looks.  Is is telling that most of the better scenes in \\"Jurassic Park\\" are with the full-scale mockups, not the CGI dinos.  And that's not because the CGI doesn't look great -- it's because the actors having something real to interact with on-screen (and not standing in front of a blue screen and imagining what they are seeing while looking at a set-point).      Still, a great accomplishment and fun movie.
0140439129|5.0|In his, \\"On the Origin of Species\\", Charles Darwin presents the single most powerful and elegant theory in recorded human history.  His writing is at times overly baroque and ornamented, with a period fondness for the passive voice.  In no way does this diminish the power of his arguments, or of his explanatory powers.  Nor should this suggest that Darwin is not a capable prose-stylist; he is at times transcendent, made so by the elegance of his logic, the sheer breadth of his observations, and the conclusion to which the evidence led him, and to which he leads the reader.    This particular edition has an excellent forward by William Bynum, who expertly (and succinctly) summarizes Darwin's life and the work's publication history.  It benefits even more from an updated index, and added appendices containing biographical sketches and explanatory notes.  The Damien Hirst painting on the cover is a bit unnecessary, but then hopefully the reader will not see a great deal of this book's cover, anyway.
B00003CXAW|5.0|Watching the 2005 version again made me rewatch the original (and the accompanying documentaries) and appreciate it more.  It has dated very little and the stop-motion effects are still impressive and, importantly, fun to watch.  Everything about this movie is fun, actually.  Yes, there is a subtle somber tone as it relates to Kong, but it is not overdone as in later versions.  The accompanying documentaries are a real treat -- and this is where the DVD set shines -- and the 1933 film style recreations, while not essential viewing, are interesting in their own right.  Great transfer print too.  Kong is still king -- thank you, Willis O'Brien for bringing him to life.  Maybe one day we'll find your spider pit sequence and reintroduce it into the film!
B003NFM3JK|3.0|This is Disney's third version of this story following \\"Mickey's Christmas Carol\\" and \\"The Muppet's Christmas Carol\\". The third time's not the charm; this rendition is my all time least favorite edition of Dicken's classic.<br /><br />There's a story in Ray Bradbury's \\"The Illustrated Man\\", that had authors like Egdar Allen Poe on Mars because their books were burned on earth; Dickens was there because of the ghosts in this story. The filmmakers seemed to believe that this allowed them to make this more of a horror movie than the predecessors; it managed to keep a straight PG rating, but I won't be surprised if the board considered bumping it up to PG-13.<br /><br />This re-telling of the classic tale of redemption is not completely removed of redeeming qualities. Technically, the special effects of this movie are great. My wife noticed two references of people wishing Scrooge good health even though the good will was one-sided at that time. I also liked this version having Cratchett tell the postscript.<br /><br />However, the story is as strong as Scrooge. Jim Carey's Scrooge comes across as creepy from scene one. And the special effects are the star here, having Scrooge shrunk to mouse size at one point and being chased by ghostly horses for a long sequence.<br /><br />My favorite version is Patrick Stewart's, where the actor holds his own with the special effects in that rendition. I also think Allistair Sims' was a much superior version. In fact, the Muppets was better (I haven't seen Mickey's, but I wouldn't be surprised if I like that one better as well).
B00003CXB6|3.0|As many have said, the special effects are rather good in this story, though the impact is not quite as great as it was with \\"Jurassic Park.\\"  The problem is not with the special effects.  Where the movie suffers is from a weak storyline and incredibly bad writing of characters.  In this movie, you'll see human beings doing and saying some of the dumbest, most unrealistic things imaginable, which keeps reminding you that the dinosaurs are not real (otherwise, why are these humans acting this way and saying these things?).  I realize that this was meant to be high entertainment, and I don't have anything against making a fun dinosaur movie, but for a movie claiming to have realistic depictions of dinosaurs, you kinda need the humans on screen to respond realistically to the dinosaurs on screen for it to work.  As it is, there were many good ideas here, but it fell very short of what it could have been.
044654759X|5.0|Wonderful. Great. Excellent. Couldn't put it down. Nicholas Sparks is a romantic and does it again. Loved the end. It brought me to tears. What a great read. Can't wait for the next one. Thank you Nick.
143911000X|5.0|If you have ever seen How I Met Your Mother you will absolutely love this book.  And even if not its still amazing!  This book is essential to all bro's everywhere.  It gives you the correct action for literally every single scenario a bro will ever have to face and how a bro should respond.
0823015033|5.0|I knew nothing about sculpting before I purchased this book. I was pleased to find how to make your own tools for sculpting out of the polymer clay. It is a very informative and detailed book. I recommend it highly. I am amazed at the detail that can be sculpted. Amazing.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I was recommend this book by one of my youtube viewers and WOW I can see why! It took a while for me to really catch interest since the setting is quite depressing but it's like reading a train wreck...you can't stop reading in hopes that there is some escape for Katniss, Gale, and Peeta.  I read through this in about 9hrs and am starting the next book in the series tomorrow.  I can't wait to read more!
0891349553|5.0|I am interested in starting to sculpt with polymer clay and purchased this book. It goes into detail on proper porportions which is important for overall product. The examples are so life like. This is a book I will keep forever.
B003O86FMW|5.0|I read through this book so fast because it's just that riveting! I am hoping that Gale becomes the friend and ally and Peeta gets the love he has been craving for.  What a horrible situation for a young girl to be in.  I can't even imagine a society so openly vicious!  It's just barbaric in all ways possible.  But back to the book at hand...Catching Fire caught me by surprise just like Hunger Games did.  When you finally think things will be torturous but safe for District 12 all hell breaks loose again.  I kept thinking...\\"this can't be happening...oh no, oh no, oh no.\\".  I mean how can it possible get any worse!  I am praying that the last book finally brings about some justice to Capital and President and some much deserved freedom to the districts. We shall see...
030746363X|5.0|I've already spent a few days thumbing through the book.  I like how the book has many different topics and doesn't have to be read front-to-back to get interesting tidbits to increase weight-loss or increase strength.  A great book and I can't wait to finish the rest of the book!
B002P4VUMQ|5.0|I loved this guy the first time I heard him.  I am a professional  jazz pianist, and he doesn't play jazz, but he certainly plays the hell out of what he does play !!
B000F3UAFC|1.0|This movie has a predictable, formulaic plot, is terribly acted (especially by Hunt and Johannson), and has little to no character development.  The movie would have been a little more engaging if the audience knew much earlier that the husband was not having an affair; the audience could have empathized more with the husband's struggle to protect his wife instead of writing him off as an adulterer, and the misunderstanding between husband and wife would have had a bit more suspense.  A very big disappointment.
B001QERPDO|4.0|Now that I've heard the whole CD, I've come to the conclusion that these are the songs that we women want our men to write about us. There are grittier songs on the CD, it isn't limited to just love songs. There's a very commonly used Dublin word dropped in a couple of times that will catch your attention when you hear it. The Kay song - sneakily clever. I didn't get it until I read the reviews here. Hey, I'm naive. Someone had to tell me about the Doobie Bros. While this is a pop/rock album it isn't bubble-gum pop. Sorry, I don't have any musical knowledge beyond my ears so I can't quite give you as good an idea of just how catchy the melodies are or how deep some of the lyrics get. Guys, I think you'll score points if you tell prospective girlfriends that you like this band...and puppies. Always mention puppies.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|I bought this for my husband for Christmas. The only thing disappointing about this film is the realization of what our men have to endure during a war. A well put together miniseries of war and the personel stories of the men who lived it. My hats off to the people who made it and the actors who made it so real, it was outstanding, we highly recommend this, be sure to get the one with the extra footage of the making of this film. Just awesome. Thank you Tom Hanks and Steven Spielburg for telling this story the way you did, thought Band of Brothers was great but this far exceeded that one.
B001U3Y5XE|5.0|\\"Santa\\" left this game at my house for my great-children to enjoy when they are here and I must say he made an excellent choice.  The boys are 5 and 7 years old and sit for hours playing with Creationary.  I'm amazed at the shapes that they create.  It is much like pictionary in that one player creates a shape and the other(s) must guess what the shape or character is.  Hours of fun.
B004132HZS|5.0|I just loved seeing a new modern day Sherlock.  I have been a fan for 40 yr and it is delightful to see new productions of these classic stories. They did a great job with all the new technologies and Sherlock has quit smoking!  I found that little touch hilarious.  I can't wait to see Season Two.
B003UESJ9M|5.0|I seem to be in a minority, but I thought this was a superb movie, a great start to 2011 (countering what Rebecca Murray said about the movie). Was it the greatest movie of all time? Not by a long shot, no. But it accomplished what it set out to do: it told a great story, showcased great performances both dramatically and musically.    While Paltrow may take first-billing, and while her musical numbers are phenomenal, to me it is Beau and Chiles (Hedlund and Meester) who this movie is really about.
B000BNI99K|5.0|i HAVE NEVER SEEN THE DVD OF THIS COLLECTION, BUT I HAVE ALL OF THE CD,S.  THIS MUSIC IS SO GREAT.  i NEVER THOUGHT OF ROD DOING THESE BALLADS, BUT I SURE ENJOY EACH AND EVERY ONE OF THEM.  READ SOMEWHERE WHERE HE HAD SOME TROUBLE WITH HIS VOICE, HIS SINGING THESE SONGS, YOU WOULD NEVER KNOW. I THINK THESE SONGS ARE SO ROMANTC.  nICE TO KNOW SOMEONE OUT THERE ENJOYS MUSIC THAT YOU CAN UNDERSTAND THE WORDS.  LINDA
0307595579|5.0|As every purchase I have made on Amazon.com, this is another great buy. Nice packaging as a set. Well worth the price. Don't just purchase blindly. Do your homework, then make your purchase. That's how both parties can work together.
0307454541|5.0|Just could not put down, got right into the story and although some parts hard read not surprised by information given on sex matters in Sweden, The fact of three issues going on at same time made for a great read I did however guest Harriot was still alive and AUstralia was a most likely place at the time as a very few north Americians went down under in the 60s I was one of them as a Canadian we were a novelity.
0307272702|4.0|I got this book and didn't expect a whole lot from it but I figured it couldn't hurt to read it.  It really wasn't a bad read, reminds me of the Atkins diet, at least what I heard about it.  Carbs are not good for us but in a different way than we've been told before, at least in a different way than I understood it before.  It changed my understanding of the way carbs work!  I became diabetic when I was pregnant with my first son at age 22 and it never went away.  I'm now 35 and have some better information to try to work with now.  Can't hurt to read the book if you're needing information about the subject!
B00005N6KG|4.0|Had problems keeping buds in my ear at the gym so I decided to try these.  Works very good but lost my noise cancellation feature.  They are new so don't know how long they will last but if it's only a year they are worth it.
030746363X|4.0|I bought the book online for my Kindle. I am living in Ecuador, where most of the food in restaurants are filled with lots of rice, potatoes, corn and beans. Not alot of green vegetables, and I have found its easy to get carried away when eating a new variety of food. I found the 4HB to be an interesting read and helpful in getting back on track. He is up front that alot of folks will not follow it because it is too hard to eat that much food. I liked that honesty. I also liked his thought that \\"the decent method you follow is better than the perfect method you quit\\". Made sense and gave me a bit of a pat on the back for at least trying to change my lifestyle choices. I like that he states he is not a doctor and that all his ideas come from other research and his own body testing the theories. Here in Ecuador Guinea Pigs are a delicacy.. so Thanks Tim for being the best Guinea Pig ever!
6305508550|5.0|This movie is more significant than a lot of folks might realize. I show Office Space to introduce foreign friends to American culture, humor, ideals, and most of all, language. Think of how many expressions caught fire in the American vernacular once that movie came out. Even here in Shanghai, I have heard people complain about their proverbial TPS reports or about \\"having a case of the Mondays.\\"<br /><br />This movie had me chuckling, rather than on rolling on the floor clutching my sides. Still, I've watched it a dozen times, over a period beginning in high school and most recently at my third job. The older I get, the more I can relate to it. I have a feeling most viewers, at least of the 1980s generation, would feel the same way.
B002U9JEVA|5.0|I discovered Norah Jones after she released this album.  I purchased 4 of her albums at about the same time, and I found I can't put this one down.. Chasing Pirates, Young Blood, It's Gonna Be, Can't Stop are among my favorites.
030746363X|5.0|I would have never paid attention to a self-improvement book had it not been written by Ferriss. After reading and implementing tactics in the 4 Hour Workweek, his first book, I figured, \\"Why not give it a shot?\\" After being on the diet 4 months, I lost 42 lbs. After working out 30 minutes, 2x per week, I'm stronger than ever.     The book is legit. It's fun to read, to boot.
0765326353|5.0|I've read other epoch novels where I got so bogged down in narrative and author driven plots that I actually skipped chapters and never missed a thing . . . NOT so with Brandon Sanderson's \\"The Way of Kings\\". I read the \\"Mistborn\\" series and liked them so much that I purchased them for my own library. I walked into the bookmobile at the school where I work and my friend, who is the librarian, handed me this 1001 paged epoch novel by Brandon Sanderson---I was ecstatic. I just finished it tonight and couldn't wait to write a review.<br /><br />It was so refreshing to see the characters come alive as Brandon Sanderson sets interwoven, magnetic, character driven plots, he just doesn't write a beginning a middle and an ending, he brings the stories to a climax right from the start. I was reading and thinking how can this get any more exciting and intense? Several times I had to put the book down and wait until I absorbed what just happened, then slowly I would open it again and continue, never once was I disappointed with a lag in the plots or characters.<br /><br />There is one place in the book that I spoke out loud saying: \\"Brandon! If you don't help these guys out I'm not giving you a good review on Amazon\\". I guess he didn't disappoint me because I have given him a five star review. I sure like his style of writing and I think you will too. I have only given you my thoughts about the book there are plenty of reviews here that go into greater character details so I won't belabor the obvious. Give this book a go and I bet you won't be disappointed.<br /><br />M.D. Cummings
B002ZG98C8|5.0|Entertaining & exciting! Not to mention, one of the ONLY flicks that ever show Mexicans as heroes FINALLY- instead of always showing them solely as \\"illegal immigrants,\\" criminals, or cheap laborers! Let's not forget that Mexicans are indigenous to the whole Southwest of the U.S. & to the Americas way b4 europeans ever IMMIGRATED HERE! BUT back to the review- A LOT of people won't like that Mexicans prevail at the end BUT get over it- IT'S ONE FLICK! europeans are heroes in every other film, so RELAX! If you're Mexican, Latino, or Hispanic (& there are differences) Check it out & support it!
0439023513|5.0|I actually finished this book a day before posting this review.  I couldn't bring myself to write and post the review of this book right away because of the effect this book had on me.  I went through anger, sadness, awe, and even more heartbreak.  I literally had to step away from this book several times while reading it because I was so overcome with emotions. This has not happened in a long time when reading a book for me.<br /><br />After the ending of Catching Fire, I was heartbroken.  Yet, with Mockingjay, I was to the point of depression at the end of it.  The author didn't fail in the action department, even if it did feel a little rushed near the end.  I could not believe the author sacrificed some characters in this book as well that I had grown to love.  I was literally in tears with an empty box of tissues by the end of the book.  I did not want to accept the deaths of beloved characters.  I also did not want the series to end.  The epilogue was beautiful, yet it was not the way I wanted it to end.  I wanted more!  I wanted to know what life brings to the rest of the characters that still lived!  For such an amazing trilogy that was a roller coaster of emotions, I wanted the ending to be more.  It was like the author was slow at the beginning and it built up to this big finale, but she lost the spark at the end of Mockingjay.<br /><br />Even though I never had much interest in reading this series, I am so glad I did.  I can personally say that this is one of the top series I have ever read.  I didn't sleep much, my house is in shambles from not cleaning, and I might have lost a few pounds from not taking a break to eat and from the emotional ride it took me on.  If you have been hesitant in reading this series like I was, don't be!  You will not be disappointed!
B0006JGFNQ|5.0|Got this for my wife as a Christmas gift, she loved it and was amazed how I got it for her.  She loves the Gremlin Movies 1 & 2.
B000BKHL1K|4.0|Love it except for the fact that some of my wine bottles are two big to fit in the holes.
B003L20ICE|4.0|It is so hard to review a movie such as this one because so many people have put in their ten cents worth. The story is not new but the treatment is and the traditional family is replaced with the lesbian family dynamic. I liked the movie and it is about the bonds that tie us together which are family, children. When outside forces start to threaten this bond, we rise to defend these ties. This film was unique because of the lesbian angle, Annette Benning - the husband, and Julianne Moore her wife. Mark Ruffalo contributes what may be the most natural performance of his career. The young children are great as well. Julianne Moore is such a seasoned performer that she does not even have to try. Annette Benning, commands your attention that will surely make the final round of major award ceremonies this year. With minimal makeup and an expression for every situation, she rules the movie. I enjoyed the movie. 12/25/10 4 stars.
030746363X|5.0|I have learned a lot reading this book.  This guy is prett hard-core, but he offers a very do-able plan for us mere mortals.  I have just started and I am already seeing a difference in my energy level.  This is a lot of information, but it all makes sense.
B000JQUMPI|5.0|I am ten years old and I read Little Women when I was eight or nine years old and I read it again recently and I think its a wonderful classic.
B000001F5A|4.0|The soundtrack to Koreyoshi Kurahara's film Antartica is extremely beautiful. It is mystical and haunting. It is expansive and spiritual. I found it to be very relaxing and yet inspirational. I have never seen the Japanese film which those who have seen the film praise, but it must be exceptional if this soundtrack supports the action. I recommend this CD for anyone who appreciated the Hearts in Space series, all the selections are elegant.
1599218011|5.0|I've been following Kris Carr since watching her documentary a few year ago.  She is vibrant and sassy, which makes learning fun!  And she has a wealth of information to share.  I was so excited when I learned that she has writing a \\"diet\\" book.  This book pulls everything together and she makes the transition to a healthier lifestyle gentle and fun.  Another winner from Kris.  She is an inspiration!
B00427X9WI|1.0|THIS ITEM WAS PURCHASED SEVERAL DAYS BEFORE CHRISTMAS FOR A GIFT.  IT WAS NEVER RECEIVED AND I TRIED TO CORRESPOND WITH AMAZON TO LET THEM KNOW THE PROBLEM.  SO I WAS OUT THE PRICE OF THE MOVIE PLUS GOING LOCALLY TO PURCHASE ONE.
0596805888|4.0|I had to buy this after hearing the interview with the author on Science Friday (radio show).  I recommend listening to that interview first... it's free, just google it.
0525423273|5.0|I love this book! I read it on the recommendation on John Green and it is now one of my favorite books.
B0040HJNKC|5.0|Absolutely awesome  songs are almost an auto-biography great litany of new songs  The ballad with BB King a treat
0307266303|5.0|This is an amazing book! McDougall casts a new light on one of the oldest sports in human history: running. Starting from a very simple quest to find out why so many runners, such as himself, end up injured after a while, the narrative explodes with information on an ancient tribe of runners in Mexico called the Tarahumara, tips on how to improve your running abilities, research done on running from such diverse fields as injury prevention and evolutionary biology, philosophical musings on running and the character of great runners past and present, and a ripping good yarn about a \\"pick-up match\\" between the best ultra distance runners in America and the best Tarahumara runners. McDougall comes to the conclusion that, aside from a few practical tips on running shoes and training, there is one thing that all great runners must have: they must LOVE to run, as though they truly were born to run. I loved this book so much, that I feel that I must learn how to become a better runner myself. And if you don't feel the same way after reading this book, I feel mighty sorry for you.
B0015DROBO|5.0|This is a great book. The character development is great and does not disapoint in any of the three books. A must read for all who love a good mystery/thriller.
0312600844|4.0|This book is massively entertaining, fiendishly absorbing.  You could read this in one sitting if you have a day to do so.  From the very beginning, you'll thrill to the I-know-them! characterization and its uncanny reflection of the zeitgeist.  You'll be electrified and anguished by the sexual passages.  You'll submit freely to its narrative devices.  What you may not experience, however, is an overwhelming sense of the book being Great.  At least this is how I felt in the early going.  The characters seemed unredeeming, the story not particularly edifying - its readability notwithstanding.  But then, like any good novel, the characters change and grow, and therein was its redemption.    This wasn't merely a sordid nasty gossipy treat with just its hyper-realism sustaining you along.  This is a sweeping family saga, with particular attention to the chisel and hammer of marriage.  Although its prose is no kin to \\"Look Homeward, Angel\\", the habitual, cyclical healing and reopening of wounds in \\"Freedom\\" -  as well as its ultimate forgiveness -  strike me as distinctly Wolfean.  I decline to give it 5 stars for the following reason: that Patty was so literary, such a good writer (indeed, rather Franzian as many have pointed out), is not accounted for, and it seems incongruous with what we're told about her at the beginning (least intellectually talented of her family, athletically inclined, not especially sophisticated in college.)  It seems that there should be some seeds of this aptitude even when we first meet her.  A minor hangup.  A great book.
B001DHXT6G|5.0|...not being on the Blu-ray band wagon yet, I was still, wanting the release of the remastered original Trek series episodes. I'd seen a handful of them on broadcast after knowing the effort<br />was being undertaken and had highly anticipated the episodes. And knowing the Okudas (Mike and Denise) had oversight of the effort, I knew it would be done correctly and tastefully. The<br />project didn't disappoint- not all effects sequences were tackled- for instance, the transporter \\"shimmer\\". It was left as it- being a trademark of the original series. But \\"stock\\" shots such as<br />going into orbit, or orbiting a planet, the opening title flybys were all redone using fine CGI redos of the infamous ship and all planet spheres now appear realistic. The real sell for me was seeing The<br />gorgeous redos of all the space points of view shots in the episode \\"The Doomsday Machine\\". When Matt Decker backs a shuttle out the opening hangar doors of the Enterprise, it's a real kick- plus the opening shots of debris from the remains of planets bouncing off the disabled starship- just beautifully handled. The doomsday machine itself now is impressive and convincing as something quite huge.<br />That the films of each episode have been reprocessed to remove all imperfections (scratches, filth) and the look of the cast, most set shots given a subtle soft feel, all viewscreen shots redone......just awesome. There's a shot toward the beginning of \\"Mantrap\\"- the first aired episode ever, after a commercial break point that's a pan around the area surrounding the Crater's \\"home\\" that's very nice and gives a truly deserted, uninviting feel to the planet they are there to explore. I am jazzed to watch all the episodes. Great effort- thanks to all involved at CBS and the Trek family. In no way does the effort ruin or make less appealing the original series, but just the opposite. Enjoy, live long, and prosper!!
B0043KK4N6|5.0|This music is fantastic and the two women who sing on this album from the movie, have powerful, moving voices.
B00021HBGS|5.0|Both of my boys love this toy (3 years and 4.5 years old).  They enjoy sitting in the tub and putting the road together on the wall as if it were a puzzle.  Once the kids are finished, they can put all the pieces back in the net bag and stick it to the wall.  Easy clean up!
B003Y7L5W8|5.0|I never expected another great album from OMD so this one is a big surprise. Several very strong tracks here that nearly match up with their best work. Highly recommended for OMD fans.
0823095223|5.0|If you are interested in sculpting or mold making, this book is awesome. I would have paid three times the price and still felt it was a bargain! They have filled it to briming with color photos and artwork, as well as highly informative text.    Fantastic!
B0028RXXE8|5.0|It is done unbelievably  well, we enjoy all well thought-out parts.  Many historical and social discussions around it.  True collector item!
1576754227|4.0|One of the best books on how to stop procrastinating. Its straight forward and easy to digest. I could relate to most of the examples, and found some useful info on how to get more things accomplished.
0345505387|5.0|I would give this 4.5 stars, if I could, but I can't, so I rounded up.<br /><br />It is beautifully drawn, and well-scripted, and very enjoyable, but (as is the nature of graphic novels) it's a rather quick read. When you see these characters, you're used to sinking into 800+ pages, for a month or so. It's rather jarring to have it end so fast.<br /><br />There's also an extra plotline, one that Claire is unaware of, and thus doesn't appear in Outlander. I'd have liked to see a bit more done with that in The Exile, but I suppose we'll just have to wait till the second one :)<br /><br />As I said, it's great, but Ms. G's exceptionally long literary novels have spoiled me into being startled whenever any book involving our favorite red-head ends :)
B0043EV774|5.0|I bought this because I have a 3D TV and the grandchildren love to watch it when they come over.  This movie was a big hit with them and their parents.  You can't beat the price, especially with the 4 disc set.
B000687M48|1.0|Shame on Amazon for not noting this was a live album in their product description.  I was in a hurry and bought this album to close out my order and did it based on the song titles.  Had they noted it was live, I would have ordered a different album.  I'm disappointed in that now I'm going to have to scroll through all the screens to research every purchase because someone short-cutted it and put in a vague description.
B0040ZA2D6|5.0|Great item, gift for grandson and him and my grandaughter love the songs and listen to them all the time.
0375851569|5.0|This is the best set ever for kids.  We read them when we were kids and I still get a kick  out of the humor.  Now, I get to read them with my grandkids and they get the humor and even add to it.  It is much more fun to share these books with them knowing how much I enjoyed them as a kid.  The best thing in the world is to teach a child to read.  I always say \\"Knowledge is Power\\"  1 of the most important things in this world is to learn how to read. And the best part the Price was the best I found!  :)
B0000VCZKM|5.0|My two daughters loved this movie when they were little and now my grandaughter saw it in music class in school and she also loves it.   GREAT FAMILY MOVIE!!!
B001TH8UUA|3.0|I bought 5 of these cables recently for multiple reasons, one reason was for my PS3. It seems I received 2 duds out of the 5, for it worked on my ps3 for the first 3 weeks, then it started losing signal on occasion, till it completely dropped the signal at all times. I found this to be odd because when I tried the duds on any other device, it pretty much worked all the time. So after a couple of switches, I finally found one that worked all the time, although it was kind of a letdown for me in terms of Amazon products since they usually sell quality products.    So I suggest to people who are buying this cable for the PS3 to look elsewhere, for everything else, it works great. Definitely no need to spend $60 bucks on a hdmi cable.
0767819659|5.0|My great niece saw this movie on my Video On Demand while staying with me at the end of the summer.  She watched it many times, and seemed to love it more and more each time!  I have to admit:  it is excellent - much better (in my opinion) than most movies made for young children/families that I have seen!  Knowing that it wouldn't always be available \\"on demand\\" as they cycle them through, I purchased this for her for Christmas!<br /><br />When Emily got \\"bored\\" with the adult talk while meal preparation was going on during our Christmas get-together, she had come to me to ask to watch \\"Madeline\\" again on the Video On Demand; and it was no longer available!  When she asked me why it was gone, I told her they changed the offerings so people wouldn't get bored.  She said, \\"well I'm not bored with Madeline!\\"!!!  I was so happy to have ordered this movie for her!! I have to admit...SHE WAS MORE EXCITED WHEN OPENING THIS, THAN ALL THE BARBIES, INCLUDING THE DREAM HOUSE!  It is a magical movie...one that I wasn't familiar with!  YOU WON'T REGRET PURCHASING THIS MOVIE!
0312117337|5.0|This is an excellent deck...only thing is that Amazon only sent me the book and NO CARDS!    I daily pull 5 cards...where I am today...affecting me that I don't see..affecting me that I do see...needed for resolution and the resolution.  Have fun.
B002LC2DQ4|2.0|I received great delivery on the 2 GB card; however, when I gave the card to my wife for Christmas (to have more storage space on her camera) and she placed it into her camera some weird things started happening (i.e. orange light constantly blinking, camera wouldn't shut-off, etc.).  Basically, we couldn't take any pictures with that 2 GB card in the camera.  After further investigating the problem, we found out the camera can only hold up to 512 MB memory.  We then placed our other (old) cards in the camera and the camera worked perfectly fine and with no issues.  So, now I have this 2 GB card and I have nothing to use it with.  That is kinda frustrating.  I don't fault the seller, but perhaps a warning of checking your camera storage card capabilities may be a good idea (i.e. 512 BM max).  That may of saved me some money in purchasing this item that I am really not able to verify if it works or not.
0525951652|3.0|Follett is a great writer but this first part of the trilogy seems overly contrived and wordy. His take on WWI is from a very liberal perspective. I'm curious how he will approach the remain two volumes. He offers excellent insight on the real WWI key actors. However, if this was not a Follett book, I'd have stopped reading it.
B00192IV9U|5.0|- Thank U guys for sending this amazing album... I cant stop hearing it. Im very happy of your service.
B0000640SB|5.0|I just wish the sequel were as good. In fact you are better off if you only get the first installment, which is a hoot. The second one is disappointing.
B004EI3ON4|5.0|If all the movie scores were dinosaurs, this one would eat the others like a T-Rex...Nay, like a Mechagodzilla. It would devour the other animals in its mechanical steel jaws. Those Frenchmen created a dinosaur like John Hammond and it should be allowed to run free on your pc/home stereo/car/lips.<br /><br />These electronic sounds with tradish classical instruments go together like triscuits and chicken salad. As my Russian friend says \\"Eet is vary good, you should leesten.
B002VECM6S|5.0|This movie runs very closely to the book. Sandra Bullock's acting is so good, you miss the fact that Tim McGraw's acting is just as good. A wonderful true story.
B003ZHQVJO|1.0|I used to love you now I hate you I don't know how you go from devil without a cause to this crap your progressing backwards from good to bad.
B000EQ5TSI|4.0|Above average remake, driven by special effects. For me, this is quite different from the TV series which was so enjoyable for its twists, and last second resolutions. Still, these movies do deliver good entertainment.
1600595871|5.0|I received this book as a belated (since it came out shortly after Christmas) holiday gift and I'm slowly and blissfully making my way through it. I've been making books more or less on my own for a number of years and have read lots and lots of books on making handmade books, so I was a little worried that this one would be somewhat redundant.    Happily, I was so wrong. I'm paging through it slowly, but I've done enough peeking ahead to see that there are dozens of gorgeous book forms here that I've never explored. In fact, just reading the first chapter taught me a number of useful new things about tools and techniques. Throughout the book, instructions are clear and include lots of practical tips for executing them, and the illustrations of finished books by Golden herself and by other artists are inspiring without being too intimidating. Golden's book is getting a permanent place on my art book shelf, and I can't wait to wade all the way in and start trying some new bindings.
6305622930|5.0|...it is a little uneven in spots. It is an ambitious movie made on a grand scale, and that is always a tall order. Setting aside the fact, that this is not a \\"Ben Hur\\" for instance, it is still a winner.
B002ZG981E|5.0|Item arrived earlier than expected and in excellent condition. Have watched the movie 2 times and it was very good. Highly recommended.
B0042KZJR8|5.0|Got this for my teen daughter for her b-day. She loves it! So nice to have a teenager like real music. Mom likes it too. If you like Harry Connick Jr give Buble a try.
0439023513|3.0|I read the first two Hunger Games books and they were great. I've only just started this one, and it is not qutie as good so far, but it'll be great, still, I'm sure.
B001E45XT4|5.0|headphones sounds good, but after long time use your ears tend to tire a bit, and are also very big, however, are quite resistant to what they cost, is a pretty decent product
B0041KKYDI|5.0|The protagonist is one of the most likable characters I have ever come across. The film is beautifully shot and the music in the latter half is nothing short of award worthy. To think one will forget this film is un-real. I felt very thirsty after watching this film. I suggest you put your Blackberry off and say goodbye to the world for about two hours when you watch 127 hours. It will only come to you then. No other words for fear of spoiling a wonderful film shot with energy and wonder of adventure.
B000FCJZUO|5.0|This book is WONDERFUL! Rarely do I read a book more than once, and I read this one at least once a year. I love that the story is told through text, as in letters, IMs, e-mails, etc. It is an incredibly touching story filled with lifelong friendships and ups and downs of life. As someone who can't get enough of a good love story- especially one that has lasted a lifetime, I am a huge fan.
0743270754|5.0|Team of Rivals is a fantastic book! I'd forgotten much of what I'd leaned of the civil war during grade school and learned much more than I ever new. The book is focused on Lincoln and tells the biographies of his family, cabinet and their families and others close to Lincoln as well as his enemies to some degree.<br /><br />I can't imagine a more humanitarian and inspirational leader than Abraham Lincoln. His ability to let go of the wrongs others have done him for the betterment of the country is breathtaking. He seams to always be able to turn the other cheek and expect the best from those he works with. Ms. Goodwin has outdone herself with this book.<br /><br />If you have any interest in the civil war, Abraham Lincoln, the north, the south, the 13th amendment or US history you need to read this book. It is quite long for a book of nonfiction, though it is a page turner.  This country bumpkin lawyer turned US president is now more than every one of my heroes! It is my hope I can exhibit some of his qualities of leadership during my lifetime.
B003BKF696|5.0|I purchased High Violet only 2 days ago and i am not disappointed with the album what-so-ever.  Yes there are maybe two songs that ain't the best, but every album has that expectation, but the songs that are great are surprisingly catchy and makes you want to hear them again.  The melodies in this album are very uplifting and quite spiritual, with Matt Berninger's amazing deep voice leading the way, you'll not be disappointed with this album.  If you like good melodic, mellow music, this is for you. Great to listen to when you wanna chill.
0807014273|5.0|Wow! What an inspirational book! Victor Frankl a neurologist and psychiatrist describes his time in four concentrations camps during WWII and flushes out his theories on what he calls Logotherapy. Check out one of his video's. Most of us have a hard time dealing with every day life, Dr. Frankl not only survives Nazi Germany, but as a result of his confinement ends up helping thousands of people with his ideas.<br /><br />He says, \\"...happiness, cannot be pursued: it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side-effect of one's dedication to a cause greater than oneself...  Here we see more confirmation of why having a purpose is so important to living. The first half of the book is about his experiences in the camps and the second part explains his theories on Logotherapy.  I'll be reading this one again and again, it's that kind of book.
B0042EJD8A|5.0|Life changing.  describes the lengths at which we are willing to sell ourselves in the pursuit of money.  Not since the 60's and 70's (Love Cannal , and the Cuyahoga River catching on fire) have we so wantonly plundered our resources without regard of the consequences.  It is raw, intense and illuminating.
0066620996|5.0|All of the books on this list have great research, but Good to Great has amazing research.  Jim Collins and his research team spent 5 years researching how companies listed in the Fortune 500 went from good to great.  The criteria to make it into the study is the following: at least 25 years of good performance followed by at 15 years of 3 times the market performance.  Only 11 companies made the cut.<br /><br />One of the best books I've read as far as intrinsic motivation is concerned.  This book more than any other I've read makes the case for autonomy, mastery and purpose. Even though the focus of the book is on large publicly held companies, these principles will work with any size organization, whether for profit or not.
B002UZXJA6|5.0|My title says it all. This album is collector's item quality. My two favorite songs are Isle of Hope and O' America. If you are an American patriot, you'll love these songs. I am a man's man but these two songs fill me with such emotion that I get teary-eyed. This album would make one heck of a fantastic gift.
B002ZG980U|1.0|these movies only serve to desenitize the unsuspectic public that government agencies are currently developing and testing technology that can intrude into our minds, monitor our thoughts, hear the non verbal inner voice in our thought process and see the visual imagery in our minds such as memories and dreams. this technology is real. I have been an unwilling test subject for this technology since 1998 as have countless other civilian victims.make no mistake there are secret operatives conducted by the CIA, NSA and other fringe agencies that even sitting presidents are not aware of.there have been many instances where my attackers have deprived me of sleep,threatened my life, kept me under constant stress,and tortured me with projected electro-shocks. some will try to dismiss this as de.lusional rant derived some form of mental illness, but ask yourself what if its true? an insane person would not articulate logicly. one can simply google MK-ULTRA victims to realize the scope of the problem and the unrelated people who all share the same story. with the ever growing advances to monopolize  resources, maximize profits with low wage workers or free labor, and the continual erosion of our civil liberties and increasing intrusions of our private lives, microchipping people, mandatory flu shots, gps tracked cellphones, etc. this movie is a warning to an impending future that does'nt have a pleasant ending.make yourself aware, dont assume that those whom we appoint to have authority over us have our best intrests in mind.
B003W5C0VW|5.0|If there was ever any doubt in your mind that for a while (1969-1975) The Rolling Stones were truly \\"the greatest rock and roll band in the world\\", well here's your proof.  Sure, the quality of the video is far from 2011 state-of-the-art, and the sound quality might not be up to a purist audiophile's standards.. but hey - it's only rock and roll.  This video was complied from 4 different  (2 early/late) shows from Texas during a couple of days of 1972 Exile on Main Street tour.  The performances are just completely outstanding.  The band is  very tight, all the guitar parts are clear and distinct (in contrast to the most recent shows where Keith and Ronny's parts all sort of mush together), and the energy is very high.<br /><br />The video runs an hour and 10 minutes but seems like longer because it starts out at warp 10 and then accelerates with no break.  All the songs (well, except for Bye Bye Johnny) are part of the Stones' greatest hits oeurvre and are sequenced pretty much as they might be played during a single Stones concert was/is (starts out with Brown Sugar, and ends with JJ Flash and Street Fighting Man.  The performances of Midnight Rambler and All Down the Line are especially good - the stuff of legend.  There are also three additional songs recorded and filmed during rehearsals for the tour, but they are nothing special (except that Keith plays almost all the leads - en though he is playing a 5 stringed Tele presumably still tuned to open G), plus a couple of interviews with Jagger, one from 1972 and one from 2010.  The Mick of 2010 is a bit scary, especially in contrast to the Mick of 1972,  and I'm sort of sorry I watched it.<br /><br />When Mick Taylor joined the band in 1969, the Rolling Stones live shows changed dramatically.  Keith reverted back to playing mostly rhythm guitar (with some occasional leads) leaving Mick Taylor to play most of the leads and fills.  The combination worked spectacularly well in concert, as seen in this video.  Keith was able to play most of the time in (his relatively recent discovery of) open G, with 5 strings (removing the low E)  and capo'ed at the 4th fret to get these amazing chops - half rhythm-half lead, that provide the trademark Stones sound on songs like Brown Sugar, Midnight Rambler, Street Fighting Man, Jack Flash and many, many more.  On top of this, you get Mick Taylor, playing far and away the best lead guitar ever heard at any Rolling Stones concert,including some astounding slide guitar.  Why he left the band is considered a great mystery by most but it seems pretty clear to me that in the studio Keith was free to play both his trademark rhythm as well as overdubbing the lead (which he often did), leaving Mick Taylor as pretty much a 5th wheel.  It was only on stage that you could hear Taylor let loose and wow, is it ever hot as this video clearly demonstrates.<br /><br />Mick, Keith, and Charlie are clearly having a great time, grinning, sweating and putting out.  Bill Wyman, as usual, appears to be on haldol to look at him, but sounds great.  And Mick Taylor - most of the time is standing stock still, completely expressionless, as his fingers fly over the fretboard and great lead riffs emerge.  He is also the only one that looks reasonably buff and healthy, even though in 1972 all the others would also still have been in their late 20's or early 30's.<br /><br />I think I have all of the live (and studio) Rolling Stones that has been released on CD, DVD or (gasp) tape, but this is far and away the very best live Rolling Stones video that there is.  The sound is as good as that on \\"Get Your Ya-Ya's Out\\", previously the best live Stones available.<br /><br />This may be too lo-fi for those who grew up on digital video and sound, but for old geezers like me, I barely noticed the flaws for the brilliance of the performances.  This  one is just too good to miss.<br /><br />JMTwas able to play most of the time in (his relatively recent discovery of) open G, with 5 strings (removing the low E)  and capo'ed at the 4th fret to get these amazing chops - half rhythm-half lead, that provide the trademark Stones sound on songs like Brown Sugar, Midnight Rambler, Street Fighting Man, Jack Flash and many, many more.  On top of this, you get Mick Taylor, playing far and away the best lead guitar ever heard at any Rolling Stones concert,including some astounding slide guitar.  Why he left the band is considered a great mystery by most but it seems pretty clear to me that in the studio Keith was free to play both his trademark rhythm as well as overdubbing the lead (which he often did), leaving Mick Taylor as pretty much a 5th wheel.  It was only on stage that you could hear Taylor let loose and wow, is it ever hot as this video clearly demonstrates.<br /><br />Mick, Keith, and Charlie are clearly having a great time, grinning, sweating and putting out.  Bill Wyman, as usual, appears to be on haldol to look at him, but sounds great.  And Mick Taylor - most of the time is standing stock still, completely expressionless, as his fingers fly over the fretboard and great lead riffs emerge.  He is also the only one that looks reasonably buff and healthy, even though in 1972 all the others would also still have been in their late 20's or early 30's.<br /><br />I think I have all of the live (and studio) Rolling Stones that has been released on CD, DVD or (gasp) tape, but this is far and away the very best live Rolling Stones video that there is.  The sound is as good as that on \\"Get Your Ya-Ya's Out\\", previously the best live Stones available.<br /><br />This may be too lo-fi for those who grew up on digital video and sound, but for old geezers like me, I barely noticed the flaws for the brilliance of the performances.  This  one is just too good to miss.<br /><br />JMT
B002ZG98CS|4.0|It took some time, but Robert Rodriguez finally got around to making his fake Grindhouse trailer Machete into a full feature film, and boy oh boy, it was mostly worth the wait.  Danny Trejo stars as our title hero: an ex-Federale on a vengeful mission who finds himself betrayed and left for dead when an assassination plot on a bigoted Senator (Robert De Niro) goes awry.  There's more to the story than that, but what there is in terms of story doesn't matter a whole lot as Rodriguez and his co-director Ethan Maniquis manage to craft and weave so much outrageous, bloody mayhem that you can't help but admire it.  Still though, Machete doesn't conjure up the same kind of B-movie greatness that Grindhouse managed to do, but it does a great job on its own merits regardless.  That, and a surprising cast featuring hotties Michelle Rogriguez and Jessica Alba, along with Steven Seagal (!), Jeff Fahey, Don Johnson, Cheech Marin, and Lindsay Lohan (yes Lindsay Lohan); all of which help make Machete such a blast to watch.  All in all, Machete doesn't mine the same kind of B-movie gold that Grindhouse managed to, but it's a blast all in itself, and wholeheartedly worth your time.
030746363X|2.0|Tim's first book The Four Hour Work Week is one of my all time favorite books and I read his blog religiously. I was so excited about his new book that I pre-ordered it (which I never do) and I counted down the days till the release date.    Here is why I thought the book was a big let down:    I mainly bought the book to learn more about the `Geek to Freak' experiment where Tim gained 34lbs of muscle in 28 days after 4 hours of exercise. Tim said in interviews that he would give a `behind the scenes' of the experiment.     The truth is that the info in the book is exactly the same as the blog post.     In fact, there is more information on the experiment for free online in the blog post, follow up comments and on bodybuilding.com than in the book.     This leads me to my main grumble with The Four Hour Body. Tim says that he spent 3 years writing the book and has never worked harder on anything in his life. You will start to doubt that when you realise how much of the book is simply copy and pasted blog articles from his Experiments in Lifestyle Design Blog.     The chapter on the slow carb diet-see the blog post `How to lose 30lbs of fat'  The Geek to Freak chapter-see  the blog and Tim's article on bodybuilding.com  The chapters on improving sleep- see the blog post `How to relax like a pro'  The chapters on learning how to swim- see the blog post `Total Immersion: How I learned to swim effortlessly in 10 days'.  The blog post `How to Store Sperm' is in the book and the guest chapter by Ben Goldacre is taken from chapter 11 of Ben's excellent Bad Science.     In Tim's defence, I found the chapter on increasing testosterone to be useful.     If you are a fan of Tim's stuff and are familiar with his blog then don't expect to find much new stuff here. It's all for free on the blog.
B002ZG981E|4.0|I saw this movie in the theater and had to have it for my collection.  Every time I watch it I see new details.  Would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good film.
0142405809|5.0|We received this book at a birthday party and fell in love with its sweet story. Now we give it as a gift to everyone else!
B004GNYGTI|4.0|Good movie.  Good action. Good plot.  Not the best movie in the whole world.  But it kept my interest the entire time.
030746363X|5.0|well lets face it, what do you want when you read a book of this type? you want results!  I read it over the holiday period and now only 8 days into the new year i'm down 17 pounds!  Tim has an entertaining style of writing and has the abilty to impart the information we're looking for without really seeming to preach or teach, its almost akin to having a conversation with the man.   I've noticed a few reviewers saying that the book was full of conflicting information, but thats just not true, there are different directions for different results and anybody who REALLY read the book would understand that.  Sure I was/am skeptical at some parts of the book but thats only healthy, and if i try it out and my skepticism is dismissed then so much the better!  Over all I would recommend this book to anyone, no matter your condition/age/sex im sure that theres something in there for ya!  Enjoy..... I did
B001U887Q0|5.0|I use then as bedroom slippers and they work great. I am on my 2nd pair and will get more in the future. Great service also.
B004E3XD1W|5.0|Katsa is the niece of the King of the Middluns, the country right in the middle of The Seven Kingdoms. Within this world, there are some people \\"blessed\\" with special abilities, or talents, called Graces. Gracelings are easily identified by their miscolored eyes; Katsa's one eye is blue, the other green. Since Katsa was a child, she was feared for her Grace, a Killing Grace, though she trained hard to learn how to control it and herself. But her uncle, the King, used her as a threat to keep in his good standing, and she went along with it - in theory. But Katsa created The Council, a network of citizens working against the rulers of the different kingdoms. And it was on a raid for the Council that Katsa first met Po. Who knew he would follow her home. Po is also a Graceling, with a huge secret that could leave Katsa is more untrusting of him. And maybe Katsa's Grace isn't as horrible as she and everyone else believes.<br /><br />Katsa is one of those strong heroines I'm proud of, and we definitely need more of these types in Young Adult fiction. Katsa understands her Grace is dangerous, and she worked hard to find ways of keeping it under control, working with soldiers and generals to learn what are killing blows and what aren't so that she can complete missions for her uncle. She hates what her uncle makes her do, but she can't see a way out of it, since he gives her such detailed instructions. So instead, she goes all covert and starts the council, creating plots and actually carrying out missions to help the people of her country, The Middluns, and as many others as she can. Katsa is far from unintelligent, but her uncle and his orders make her so frustrated and angry she can't think around him, so when he calls her stupid or insults her brain power, she starts to believe him. Until Po comes into her life. Po, another Graceling, is a Prince from one of the other kingdoms, and he quickly takes to Katsa, despite her scary Grace. And Po does wonders for her. These two characters are amazing together, and I was rooting for them throughout the book. The characters are genuine and true, both good strong heroines, with human flaws.... or as human as a person graced with an ability can get, lol.<br /><br />The only thing I didn't like about this book was the ending. Well, that's not exactly right. The ending was bittersweet. I don't want to give away any spoilers, but it just didn't seem right. The build up to the big reunion, and then at the end...  Well, as I said, it's hard to go into anything without giving away some of the story, so I'll leave it at that. However, from what I see, there will be a book released this year that will be a sequel to both this book, and \\"Fire,\\" which is apparently a prequel-esque book to \\"Graceling.\\"<br /><br />I highly recommend \\"Graceling\\" by Kristin Cashore. I couldn't put it down, and while the ending wasn't everything I hoped for, I do hope this next installment will tie up any questions, because Katsa is supposed to be in it. I HOPE!! So if you enjoy a good fantasy, with political intrique and a kick-butt heroine, make sure to pick up \\"Graceling\\"!<br /><br />Final rating: FOUR POINT FIVE out of FIVE (4.5/5).<br /><br />[...]acters are amazing together, and I was rooting for them throughout the book. The characters are genuine and true, both good strong heroines, with human flaws.... or as human as a person graced with an ability can get, lol.    The only thing I didn't like about this book was the ending. Well, that's not exactly right. The ending was bittersweet. I don't want to give away any spoilers, but it just didn't seem right. The build up to the big reunion, and then at the end...   Well, as I said, it's hard to go into anything without giving away some of the story, so I'll leave it at that. However, from what I see, there will be a book released this year that will be a sequel to both this book, and \\"Fire,\\" which is apparently a prequel-esque book to \\"Graceling.\\"     I highly recommend \\"Graceling\\" by Kristin Cashore. I couldn't put it down, and while the ending wasn't everything I hoped for, I do hope this next installment will tie up any questions, because Katsa is supposed to be in it. I HOPE!! So if you enjoy a good fantasy, with political intrique and a kick-butt heroine, make sure to pick up \\"Graceling\\"!    Final rating: FOUR POINT FIVE out of FIVE (4.5/5).     [...]
B00316DDWW|2.0|This has a few good songs on it, although while I expected the entire album to rock... it does not. They have some solid grooves, melodies and lyrics... but all and all it is not that great. Furthermore, the entire album is SO compressed and digitally distorted that I really cannot even listen to it... it is comparable to metallica's recent digitally distorted masterpiece. When will the loudness wars end? Not with Sound Awake. Download Set Fire To The Hive and All I know... the mp3s actually smooth out the ridiculous amount of distortion.
B002ZG99TA|4.0|Tony Scott's latest film \\"Unstoppable\\" is exactly about what the title describes: a runaway freight train with highly toxic materials. Because of several human errors, themselves simple, no one is on board to stop the train, and \\"dead man's switch\\" is of no use. As Rosario Dawson's yardmaster says, the worst scenario is \\"a missile the size of the Chrysler Building.\\" The only hope to evade the catastrophe is a veteran driver Frank Barnes (Denzel Washington) and a newly-hired guard Will Colson (Chris Pine).    The story, inspired by the real-life event in 2001 Ohio, is simple, and it works. This is a non-stop ride of action from start to finish. Tony Scott's trademark fast-cut visual style and fast-paced narrative captures the deadly power and speed of the rushing train, greatly supported by the impressive stunt work. To create tension, the film does not rely on CGI effects overused these days. The film shows what it is being \\"unstoppable.\\"    \\"Unstoppable\\" is not without flaws. For all the strong acting from the leading actors, characters (especially those who make wrong decisions) tend to be stereotypical. Action set-pieces are gripping, but I for one prefer less hectic camera work.     Still this is a hugely entertaining film, plenty of action and speed that goes faster and faster as the film's story unfolds. Highly recommended.     (Not to be confused with the 2004 Wesley Snipes film of the same name.)
030746363X|5.0|I have never found a book like this that has helped me to actually stick to a regimen. 3 weeks into the slow carb diet and I'm down over 10 pounds. I have also increased my mustle mass so I have actually lost more then 10 lbs of fat. You will not regret giving this book a chance!
0743298039|4.0|An entertaining tale -- taking me to a place far removed from my usual every day experiences .  For this reason I enjoyed the story.  Somehow, though, I kept thinking of Agatha Christie.
030746363X|5.0|After reading the 4 hour body I am more motivated than ever to get in better shape. With how easy the workouts are, any and everyone can look their best ever. This book is amazing.
B003PBB4ME|5.0|i use this for skateboarding and longboarding and it is the best handle for all of that. i definitley reccomend it and you can get free shipping. worth the pice. and basiclly the only one of its kind
030746363X|5.0|This is a great book that has tons of great ideas and information, especially if you are looking for a minimalist strategy.  There is a suggestion to not read this book front to back, be sure to follow the recommendation.  There are so many different scenarios in the book, you will find alot of contradictions. Buy the book and give just one thing a try, you won't regret it.
B0044WUQ3G|4.0|Well..almost the whole film.  It's very difficult to make a long, conversational scene interesting.  But here are three young people sitting on a ski lift bickering and I was engaged.  When things started going wrong, my eyes just got bigger and bigger.  And when the \\"bleep\\" really started to hit the fan, I was genuinely horrified.  I found myself very caught up in what was going on with these three unfortunate people, until I started to get a little pissed off.  I kept coming up with more and more ways that they could have gotten out of the situation BEFORE they got so weakened and frost-bitten.  Yes, the cable is razor sharp...so use the ski pole with your hands gripping a couple of inches apart to zip-line down to the pole with the ladder on it.  And when you jump down from a great height..who doesn't know that you should \\"tuck and roll\\".  I could go on but I'm sure all of you have come up with similar measures of self preservation should You ever be trapped on a ski lift overnight.
B00004R99U|5.0|This product was delivered fast and in perfect condition.  Exactly what I ordered!   Thanks for great service!
076115678X|5.0|absolutly love this book!!! finally someone has reached out in amazing ways to help us curly girls understand our hair!! i have been following the routine for my curl type for a few days now and im already seeing amazing results my hair looks better and im using way less products!! i just wish the deva curl products were cheaper (for those of us with very tight budgets) i recommend that anyone with girl hair read and reread this book and stick to the routines.. i am so glad to have more natural looking hair and not that stiff sticky product hair!!!!
030746363X|5.0|This book is packed full of useful information that you can put to use TODAY!  I wish people would stop whining and put some of these \\"theories\\" to the test like Tim did.  The 4HB provides clear, concise directions on how to implement these ideas in an easy to read format.  As a Hardgainer, I highly recommend this book to anyone that has had trouble putting on mass.  But this book includes so much more.  Check it out!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I read this book and I fell in love with it.  Katniss Everdeen is 16 when her sister gets picked to get it to the Hunger Games.  A place where she would almost surely die.  Katniss voulonteers in her place.  That is when her adventures begin.
B003H9MSPG|3.0|The toy is very durable but is a little on the heavy side for a 7 year old to carry around. The range states that it shoots 35 feet however never gets beyond 15 - 20 feet. The top sights have since fallen off and are lost somewhere, not that you needed them because it's Nerf and designed to be inaccurate. The Nerf N Strike Longstrike CS 6 Dart Blaster has features that make up for its lack of accuracy and distance such as the magazine reload function. All in All my little boy loved the toy but lost interest after a few days of playing with it.
1582701709|2.0|OVERALL: The Amazon reviews have a reverse bell-curve (lots of 5-star and 1-star reviews). So obviously this is a book you either love or hate. I'm almost in the middle. There's a few things I liked.<br /><br />PROS:<br />- The Law of Attraction has some evidence, although it's not automatic. Most who have become successful in whatever endeavor have visualized it. Athletes practice visualization, as do many other successful people. On the other hand, plenty of failures have tried to visualized and attract success without anything to show for it. Still, visualization can't hurt and probably helps.<br /><br />- Short, visually appealing package. The glitz and glossiness of the book may turn off some, but when I'm a mood for a quick read, this is a good book.<br /><br />CONS:<br />- If the Universe is so freaking smart, why doesn't it understand negation? She claims that if I say, \\"I don't want get hurt,\\" the Universe hears \\"I want to get hurt.\\" She claims that it understand your most complex desires, but not if they are stated in a negative way. Not a convincing argument.<br /><br />- Focuses too much on money and materialism.<br /><br />- Draws targets around random shots: Byrne explains life after the fact. Shoot something randomly and then draw a target around it: see I aimed for that! Anything good that happened is because you wished it; anything bad because you wished it. Read books about randomness (like a Drunkard's Walk for a different perspective).<br /><br />- Pseudo-science: a crackpot physicist tries to lend his authority to show that science supports the Secret. It doesn't.<br /><br />- Beethoven and others support the Secret? Where? She mentions Beethoven several times, but never indicates how he put the Secret in his music or talked about it. Why not quote Hitler and Stalin? You can quote them out of context too and \\"prove\\" they used the Secret.<br /><br />CONCLUSION: Giving 1-star means there is no value at all in the book. The Secret has some useful things, but they're buried under a lot of BS. So maybe buy a used copy for 1 cent or just read Amazon reviews and you'll get the point.hings, but they're buried under a lot of BS. So maybe buy a used copy for 1 cent or just read Amazon reviews and you'll get the point.
0811870413|5.0|Two of my friends have been posting photos of bread they've made using this book and I had to try it. I've only made it through the first recipe (Tartine's signature country loaf) but I'd say even with just that, the book is worth every penny. The first loaves I made with it came out perfectly. Well, the VERY first loaf didn't rise much in the oven due to what I think was overproofing but we'll just call that the \\"first pancake\\" and ignore it or make breadcrumbs out of it. The next loaf was divine and it was devoured within 24hrs.     Chad recommends a cast iron dutch oven or deep / shallow cast iron frying pan combo. I went the cheaper rout and used a terra cotta planter (sealed the drain-hole with an eyebolt + some washers to also function as a handle) and inverted that on top of a terra cotta planting saucer. The saucer holds the bread and sits directly on my pizza stone and for the first part of baking the upside-down terra cotta pot covers the bread while it bakes (steams) and my bread comes out wonderfully. If $$ is a factor, hit up your local garden or home improvement store and get a 10-11\\" diameter shallow-ish *unglazed* terra cotta pot and a saucer small enough to fit under it when the pot is upside down. Works like a charm.    The book is beautifully written and includes tons of photos. The first part of the book is more of a story of how he started breadmaking and the recipes I've flipped through all look accessible and delicious.
030746363X|5.0|The first thing I'll say is the book is much bigger than I expected. This is not a bad thing. The amount of material he covers justifies it, and the book is organized to make finding something specific very easy. If you're interested in the human body, and how to affect your own get this book.
0743435753|5.0|I thought his prior book in this series was good, this is even better.  I am looking forward to the reading the next one.
B0000A5BSW|1.0|Can't review because the movie I bought had to be returned for replacement.   When we put the movie in the DVD it said that the movie was not playable in the USA.  Sad
030746363X|5.0|on page 120 right now. so far everything appears factual based on current concepts taught in medicine and backed up with proven research (animal models), however, much of the information in this book i have never heard of before.  during medical school i always thought i would gain understanding of how to optimize the human body, the information in this book appears to satisfy my longings.  this is going to be fun.  so far doing: slow carb diet, measuring arms and waist, measuring weight, preformed pre-pictures, using habitforge.com to ensure 40min of exercise daily, and just ordered PAGG supplements.
B0010SKUYM|4.0|The Name of the Wind is written by a new author, Patrick Rothfuss. The book is a fantasy book, in the darker, grittier style of fantasy that has become more popular of late. This book will appeal to those who are able to read and enjoy the type of fantasy story that involves homeless children being taken advantage of, and perhaps much less so for those that prefer their fantasy novels to be less provocative.<br /><br />The book centers on a recently turned innkeep, who immediately in the novel is set up by Rothfuss as someone who has much more to him than meets the eye. Many fantasy novels introduce the protagonist and antagonist within the first couple of chapters, and the story is geared toward orchestrating that final showdown. That final showdown is well telegraphed, and as the reader you really have some general idea of how the story will end. This book is much different, however, in that you really have no way of knowing where the story will end.<br /><br />The book centers mainly on the innkeep and moves between the third-person present and a first-person retrospective view, switching well between the two without awkward transitions. The unknown trajectory of the story did grate on me in some places. The main part was about 70-75% through the novel, I found myself pushing myself to read so that I could see where the story was going, but a little lost in the tedium of not knowing.<br /><br />There were also a couple of times, when Rothfuss was describing the beauty of a woman and the value of a horse that seemed interminable. These descriptions went on for multiple pages, which I quickly found myself skipping over. While briefly flowery at times, overall his writing style was fast-paced and smooth flowing. Character delineation occurs through action and interactions, and is slowly revealed in keeping with Rothfuss' enigmatic writing style, and is ultimately interesting in its developing mysteriousness.<br /><br />Rothfuss also has a somewhat intellectual writing style. He has a penchant for 50 cent words, which some younger readers may need to look up, but this really adds to the overall feel of the substantial intellectual capacity of the main character. Rothfuss has developed a unique magic system that is heavily rooted in the early sciences, and also quite intellectual in conception.<br /><br />All in all, this was a fun and captivating book to read, with a unique world and writing style that are well worth a look. I look forward to the next book in the series.
030746363X|5.0|Aside from Tim Ferriss being an outstanding human being, his work in this book is supreme. It will show you simply how to make your body the best it can be, easily. I began the slo-carb diet a week ago and have already lost 10 pounds and 1% body fat. It's hard though, to call a diet that let's me eat steak and drink wine, a diet.     Get this book, really. If for no other reason it's so interesting to really understand how the body ticks, without the healthcare/ big pharma bias. Tim's writing and anecdotes are very entertaining and make reading this fun. Congrats on a great release Tim and thanks for being a guinea pig for us readers.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|My daughter found this group on the computer and played a few songs for me.  We both feel in love with this group! Now all I listen to is good Christian rock music and Mumford and Sons. For Christmas I ordered this CD as a present for my daughter. Come to find out, she ordered the same CD for my Christmas! I highly recommend them no matter what your musically preference may be.  Enjoy and God bless! [[ASIN:B0032Y8XH8 Sigh No More]]
B000QCS8TW|5.0|George R.R. Martin's first book in this trilogy kept me enthralled throughout and left me eager to start the next part of the series. This book is made up of well thought out characters, settings and most importantly intrigues that will keep you furiouly turning pages. Conflicts between the major royal families and a detailed history and lore  really set this book apart for me. Definitly a recommended read for anyone remotely interested in fansty and intrigue.
B001AQO3WY|5.0|Generation kill is easily one the most accurate and captavating dipicatations of modern war. The mini series will make you laugh and make you face the harsh realities of war.  A worth while purchase you will watch more than once and you will want your friends to experience.
B0042RUMG4|5.0|I've never heard anything like this.  And I didn't expect it from Kanye which is even better.  Each track is part of a story that builds up momentum all the way up till the end of the album.  YOU MUST BUY THIS
B000NTPDSW|2.0|This blu-ray restoration has bad audio: the music is too loud, the dialogue too soft. In order to hear the dialogue, the volume has to be increased too much. Not an enjoyable purchase.
030746363X|5.0|Tim's book is a must have for all human performance enthusiasts. Employing Tim's methods outlined in the book I have lost over 20 lbs. is two months and made incredible gains in strength. I also recommend his other book, The Four Hour Work Week.
030746363X|5.0|I have multiple copies of the 4-Hour Workweek and also bought multiple copies of the 4 Hour Body as well to give away to friends.  This book is not only extremely informative but a fantastic read as well.  You will not be disappointed, there is something in here for everyone.
B001EN71DG|2.0|These are not the Star Wars movies I recall from my youth, 30 years ago, with characters that have been modified, to show off the latest special effects I presume, or are introduced too early into the plot.  These new scenes were not even added as a bonus track to watch at the end of the shows.  I have not found an option to delete them  like with Jabba in episode IV which I will do so in a heartbeat.  The new additions at the end of episode VI are tolerable in that it will not ruin the plot if I miss the scenes.  I always considered myself to be a big SW fan but i'm very disappointed they ruined a perfectly good thing.
B0042J6VUS|2.0|Both the holder and mini tripod are very low quality plastic. It does hold the iPhone quite well but I can see it breaking in the near future when placing the phone into the holder. The mini tripod is of the cheapest I've found. I bought one (tripod only) before at the dollar store that was slightly better in build quality. It won't last long. The 2 stars are for the fact that it does what it's supposed to do but for how long. I don't expect much for $16 but $2 or $3 would be more of a fair price.
0060574216|5.0|This book is very insightful. As a guy I always asked myself why are we so different from women and how can we come to a middle point. The truth is that the great writer is able to explain in simple words how we come from two different planets. We men look at things from other angles than women do. While women need to feel loved and needed when they are under emotional distress, men actually would love to lock themselves out in an attic until they figure out their problems and how to resolve them. If a woman looks at this situation she will feel left out and unloved while the truth is that it is not personal. Moreover, John Gray goes further to give you tips on how to diminished this differences and make it  work.  Alberto Colmenares
0316067938|4.0|This review applies to anyone reading it (i.e. YOU!), about any purchase being considered.  That item might be good, bad or ugly, even in dispute.  What is NOT in dispute is the service, attention and prompt delivery of that item.  Over the past 6 years I have made a dozen purchases.  Given several methods of delivery, I selected the most economical (read, \\"cheapest\\") option which was also presumably the \\"slowest\\" method.  Yet the item would unfailingly arrive within a few days! Example:  My most recent purchase (paperback edition of \\"breaking dawn\\") ordered the evening of 4 January actually arrived in the early afternoon of 6 January (approximately 40 hours later).  In my opinion, anything less than two days is outstanding -- Though some may not consider this exceptional, it is certainly well above my expectation.
B003ITZBW2|5.0|Okey, this is going to be a loooong explanation, based on this movie & the graphic novel it's based on.    This was way better than Dark Knight, even better than Batman Beyond: Return of the Joker & Batman: Mask of the Phantasm. Gave me the warm-fuzzies. Thank gawd the movie was done by the same guy who wrote the comics.    Even though it deviates a lot from the story, & it's skimmed down, missing lots of characters, & adds distantly connected comic stories by other authors from different times, Winick managed to beautifly reimagine this story in a way that probably made more sence than the the comics.    Okey, like the opening part takes place after \\"A Death in the Family,\\" which happened in the 80s. There should have been a woman there, one claiming to be Jason's mom who lured him into the Joker's trap. I guess they didn't want to introduce a character who would never appear again.    In the comics, Batman never guessed who Red Hood was, he had to see him take off the mask, & even then he didn't believe it was really Jason. But this is taking from 3 different yet connected stories written many many years apart from eachother.    This movie didn't exactly follow the comics; Black Mask never broke Joker out of Arkham; he was already out & moping about in the abandoned ammusement park he used to use as a hideout, & Black Mask never hired him. Black Mask's personal assistant was a man. Jason DID die, & his resurection has something to do with Superman. One of Ra's Al Ghul's men spots Jason & reports him to Ra's & they take him in to discover the mistery of his ressurection. Againt her father's wishes, Talia Al Ghul pushes Jason into the Lazerus pit, restoring his memories of who he was & how he died, then she helped him escape (her father was pretty pissed). Also, Ra's never hired Joker in the begining, Joker was overseas of his own accord.    The universe in which Joker was the Red Hood was supposed to be destroyed in \\"Absolute Crisis on Infinate Earths,\\" so Winick oopsed on his continuity; everything that happened in the gold, silver, & bronze aged comics was retconed, but he used it for a plot device. The Joker's origin as the Red Hood was also unofficially retconed in \\"Batman: Lovers & Madmen,\\" the latest & longest Joker origin story. The Joker can also break out of & back into Arkham at his own liesure.    The ending also deviates from the comics. Jason threatens to shoot the Joker, Batman tosses a batterang at Jason, accidently piercing his neck. Joker sets of a bomb he set up. Batman does not grab Jason because he thinks he's dead, doubly so after the bomb went off, but all 3 of them escape (though it isn't shown). In the end, it was the Joker who got the last laugh. If you're wondering how the Joker set up a bomb, well, he's intop poisons & pyrotechnics & he's capable of Houdini stunts, like untying & tretying himself & getting out of handcuffs.
030746363X|5.0|Tim's book is just what I needed to restart my personal quest for fitness after foot and shoulder injuries led to a roughly 50 pound weight gain. The book is written in an entertaining, clear, and concise manner and contains numerous tips for optimizing the body. You can try them all or pick and choose what you want. I won't take vitamins (just not organized enough to do it) so I know the PAGG stack is out for me but I have no problem putting an ice pack on my neck or going for a walk in the cold wearing shorts and a t-shirt. Slow carb and cold therapy in, vitamin and mineral supplements out.  Simple and doable.     Tim has gone out and researched a ton of information and has compiled everything in one easy to read and entertaining book. I dare someone to read this book and not find something applicable to their particular situation somewhere within this massive guide for hacking the human body.
B00000JPH6|5.0|My friend bought this for me for Christmas, I have wanted a copy of this movie for years, and finally recieved it as a Christmas gift. I just think it is a great movie for kids to watch, lots of imagination and imagery! Evokes thought and transports you to another world!  FUN FUN FUN    Pam
B00275EHJG|5.0|I think this was about the favorite thing under the tree. I know it's lasting longer than some things did.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I want to say a few things.    First off, the prequels were terrible and a waste of time. We all know this.  They were nothing but eye candy for Generation Y who've been raised on movies created by computers and with no plots. They lacked soul, originality, and were dire in the continuity area. The feeling of the \\"Star Wars Universe\\" was completely lacking and Hayden Christiansen was without a doubt stiffer than morning wood. And any of the Star Wars newbs who think they're better have no idea what a movie is. Stick with your PS3. And that's all I'm going to say about that.       Now on to originals.  They have finally arrived on blu-ray and that's a good thing.  But I have to address the whiners who were there to see the originals in the theater like myself.  Get over it! George WILL NOT be releasing the theatrical cuts on blu-ray. Take the hint already.  It's not happening.  You cry about wanting the originals but then complain about him color correcting the lightsabers. You can't have it both ways. These movies were never about whether Han shoots first, or color correction, or Hayden Christiansen popping up at the end of Jedi. They were about good vs. evil.  And that has not been changed at all. Some of you people over-analyse these movies to the point of obsession.  They're just great movies. Nothing more. There are over 100 errors in ANH.  That doesn't deter from it being unwatchable.      And to the people accusing Uncle George of being greedy.  Why is it every time Star Wars is released on a new medium Lucas is accused of \\"double sipping\\" or milking it? This isn't double dipping.  This is Star Wars being released on Blu-ray for the first time.  Just like DVD before that and VHS before that.  This is no different than every other movie that is released.  But because it's Lucas it's greed?  As a matter of fact Lucas never delves into a new medium right away so you can't say he's greedy or SW would have been released years ago. Besides, have you heard of AnchorBay Entertainment? They give us a new version of Halloween, Dawn of the Dead, and Evil Dead every other month. And don't even get me started on Disney.      I will be buying the original trilogy in September.  I will be excited to watch these movies and seeing the deleted scenes.  And you should too. Peace!
030746363X|5.0|I highly recommend the book whether you are looking for an entertaining read or have a specific problem to address.
B00192IV9U|5.0|I love this cd of Michael it is just awsome i love all of the songs my favorties is Behind The Mask Michael voice on this song remider me of the Thiller era and Off the Wall era. It is a must cd to have.<br /><br />  Pat Minton<br />  (louisville, Ky.)
030746363X|5.0|Initially, I bought this book out of curiosity due to some of the claims. So far I have been extremely pleased with the results I have seen from following the approach and advice in 4-hour book. My sincerest thanks to the author his extensive research and testing.
B004498KPU|5.0|Michael Jackson vision is a excellent collect to have i love it very much and the video for One More Chance is just awsome and the video on Gone To Soon i love this version better then the org one i love it Michael and Ryan at the end and i just cried. If you don't have it you must get it it is awsome.<br /><br />  Pat Minton<br />  (Louisville, Ky)
030746363X|5.0|For the size of this book and the depth it goes into its a 5 star read!<br /><br />Ignore the negative reviews - this book covers a massive amount of topics and much of the advice is contradictory. The chapters/sections are based around different outcomes/goals so obviously this is going to require different actions depending on the outcome you want to achieve.<br /><br />Some fantastic concepts and ideas in the book regardless of whether you're a beginner or a well seasoned athlete<br /><br />Get the book, read it, take action and see what you think for yourself.
0618918248|5.0|Dawkins reveals the insanity that is religion and the horrors that it has created. If you still believe in God after reading this book, call a shrink.
B003YOZNBK|5.0|Not sure why people are down on this movie? I thought it was GREAT... beginning 2 End! It held my attention with the terrific plot, detailed life in 1876, the characters (namely the villians), and having megan fox for eye candy in it doesn't hurt either. John Malkovich is genius in this movie. I highly recommend it, and get the blue-ray version. Totally worth it
030746363X|4.0|The 4 hour body arrived in my mailbox two days ago and I've done almost nothing but read it since. It isn't a fantastically well written book, though it does above average in that respect. It draws you in because it manages, at least for someone mostly new to the subject matter, to give you a wealth of information in an approachable manner. You feel you're getting a healthy dose of hard info, but you don't feel as though you're trudging through a bio-med abstract. For any kind of \\"how-to,\\" \\"self-help\\" book, not having a balance of both of these is a non-starter, but Tim Ferriss pulls it off quite well.  I am a little bummed at the amount of anecdotal evidence in this book, though its point is clearly to forage through unknown or unresearched lands as far as exercise and body chemistry go. I'd like more little white mice, more lab-settings; maybe they'll get around to testing all of Ferriss' hypotheses at some point. The tracking Ferriss imposes on almost all of his tests and testees, even if it lacks all the things a closed environment would add, does however go a long way in reassuring me that skepticism had a strong place in the making of this research. It also encouraged me to actually track my own progress; the idea that the simple act of tracking data could force progress is one that appeals quite a bit to me; I'll see if it works for me.  That is my main takeaway from this book; it presents so much information, and so many further sources, that demonstrate attainable progress that you can't help but be inspired to try some of it out for yourself. Despite the skepticism its lack of rigidity led me to, I'm all the more motivated by the fact that I could easily replicate all of these experiments and see for myself. Ease of entry and clearly attainable and stated goals are a combination that motivate me to experiment, rather than stay on the same year-long cycles of exercise that I keep hoping will work without much in the way of proof. Once you get that idea, you've essentially understood the point of the book; the examples given within it give you a wealth of options to start off from. I definitely recommend the 4 hour body; just try it out!
030746363X|5.0|Tim is very fun to read, with just the right amount of anecdotes to show that he has done all of it, and he knows it works. His advice is super simple, like; eat these three things, and do these two exercises and you'll lose 20lbs in 4 weeks. Ah-mazing.
030746363X|5.0|This the first fitness book I've ever read. I have never been able to break 135 lbs and I have never been to the gym more than twice in a month. What this book does is present information on exercising and on dieting *efficiently*. And provides science to back it up. What this combination created, for me at least, was and is motivation. Even if I don't go from 'geek to freak' I know I'm going to get much stronger. Even if I don't break 175 lbs (wow I have a hard time just imagining being that weight) I know I'll break 145 lbs. Even if I don't run an ultramarathon, I know I have the tools to run a marathon. This book gives you tools and motivation, and then leaves you to put them to good use. Five stars!
030746363X|5.0|Want to change your body? Buy this book, read the first chapters and decide what path you want to follow (gain muscles, lose weight, practice amazing body hacks).  IMPORTANT: You don't have to read it cover-to-cover, if you do it, you'll most likely fail or get disappointed.  Remember, READ the chapter \\"How to read this book\\" before ANYTHING else! Many 1-star reviewers clearly approached the book in the wrong way.    It's a well written book, and contains pretty much anything you'd like to know about the human body. Topics varies from muscles, to swimming, and even sex.  Extra chapters are priceless! Seriously, check the table of content.      Be skeptical, but give it a chance. It's working great on me!
B0042J6VUS|1.0|The adjustable iPhone holder is too small with my iPhone cover on. The spring broke as soon as I inserted the iPhone. I now hold it in place with a rubber band. Nice unit except for that.
B00377V6J2|5.0|here is a dvd that shows two guys bringing a common theme to light. Albert King one of the pioneers of the blues playing with Stevie Ray Vaughn who looked up to him as a young kid just learning to play made for a great session. Albert King saying \\"who is this Stevie Ray Vaughn\\" what a line or Albert telling Stevie to \\"just practice, you'll get better\\" good stuff. I've enjoyed it a lot. Don't miss out on this DVD if you love the blues! Deluxe edition gives you the CD/DVD so you can take it in the car as well as watch it at home.
B001QOGYBI|5.0|A fantastic film and a standing ovation for American animation. Wes Anderson is a known quirk in the film world, and this take on a beloved childrens novel could possibly be his greatest work, next to Tenenbaums. The Plot is easy enough, fairly well explained by the quick amazon synopsis. Fox is lighthearted, it has its own atmosphere to it, with oddball quotes that make you smile no matter how stoic you are at the office. Clooney, Streep, Murray, all animals come with a thick stroke of character, so you'll always come away with a character you love ( Coach Skip being mine ). Children may not understand how quizzical the film can be at times, and at points topics become too collegiate, but generally they'll think the animation's cool, and at least you'll \\"get\\" it. The animation is simply fun! Stop-motion has always been a difficult process, and there's a deep satisfaction taken from watching mister Fox prance around on screen, and knowing that you personally created that. The dancing is amazing, silly, and fast paced. Every movement in the film has a quick pace to it. Theres a sing along song that'll make you crack up. As far as the score, it gives great movement to the film, and keeps the scenes fun loving, sometimes to be taken seriously, and occassionally speed driven. All in all, its a well balanced, quirky, film with a neccessary moral, being different is okay, live it up, enjoy life, and enjoy this film!
B0030U1TW0|4.0|This recording in my opinion signaled the direction the Giant would go.  Although this album is still very good, it reveals the poppy more commercial direction the band would take.  Not to say don't buy it.  I just bought it again after owning the record and I am glad I did.  It just lacks some of the more experimental aspects of the earlier works.
030746363X|5.0|I LOVE this book. I was a big fan of [[ASIN:0307465357 The 4-Hour Workweek, Expanded and Updated: Expanded and Updated, With Over 100 New Pages of Cutting-Edge Content.]], but I think I actually like this book better. I've also been reading Tim's blog since picking up a copy of his first book and was really excited to read the 4 hour body. The one thing that was a little disappointing was that some of the best content was presented on the blog, and sometimes it felt like he had rushed the experiments to get done in time for publishing the book. However, overall there was more than enough good material in here to justify a price under $15.
0525951652|5.0|As a modern world history teacher, I found the book to be interesting and it gave me a different perspective on some of the events in the early 20th century.  I can see how some might consider it to be long and not devoted enough to character development, but I enjoyed a lot of the detail that was spent explaining historical background.  Although it may have been unrealistic for many of the characters to interact with each other, it isn't altogether impossible and it leads to the charm of the book.  I'm really looking forward to the next two books, but am bummed to wait two more years.
031603438X|4.0|Let me first begin by saying that I've never been a Stones fan! Perhaps until this book. I have been to two of their concerts which I enjoyed more for the spectacle than for the music (the audio was terrible the second time at Gilette, and it was better at the Garden -- but more on that below). Growing up -- I knew their major hits, but never really cared too much for their other songs.     I was not expecting much from this book, but it proved an engaging (even engrossing) read. It weighs in at over five hundred pages -- but not to worry, the pages turn quickly. There are a couple of editorial slash and burns that I wish hadn't cut some of the episodes short, but by and large Keith Richards emerges as an interesting character who is totally immersed in his music and himself and numerous others (in what order is blurred somewhat throughout). The autobiographical narrative ranges from his childhood at Dartford to the founding days of the Stones all the way through the mega-tours that began in the nineties to the present-day, but the density of coverage progressively gets thinner toward the present. There are tantalizing glimpses of the artist working at his craft - working out open-G tuning, worrying about the audio, collaborating with an amazing and seemingly never-ending set of gifted musicians - but maintaining a driven, prolific and almost irreverent approach as he describes several of the major songs, albums and tours that the Stones have become known for. His observation that the Stones were a club band designed for small spaces (not only sound-wise, but with respect to Mick's performance and antics) strikes me as insightful. These descriptions actually made me go back and listen to their songs -- and I came to appreciate the music quite differently from the washed over sound samples one gets at their concerts. I perhaps needed that explanation of what Charlie does to the high-hat to produce that unique Stones sound -- and a consolidated read of all of the Stones work over decades to place it in context in my own head.    Interestingly, even though there is a bit of writing about the author's work with Mick Jagger and their spats during the latter days, it is interesting how little is truly said about what I'd imagined to be a much closer relationship. It certainly seems as though Kieth hangs out with others far more than he does with Mick -- but perhaps the look-back lens is clouded by all that fog in the recent past. As to the drugs and the bad boys image / run-ins with the law etc. -- the stories do not disappoint, but they are perhaps the expected hum-ho that one would expect from any aging rock-star from the last century. These detours do not detract from what is essentially a gripping story of an extremely prolific musical life. All the episodes are penned with vigor -- with a great deal of humor and self-deprecation, and if Keith does not dwell too much on the personal (even his own loves or friendships) that's perhaps because he's dominated by his music, and the desire to get it out, and there's enough Life to write about. Here's hoping he has several more decades to devote to his music, and time to reflect and write about it!    If you are looking for an entertaining read (about the Stones, about Keith, about music or even just about an interesting human spirit) -- you cannot go wrong by picking up this book.
B004GNYGTI|4.0|Angelina Jolie performed well in her role.  The plot has good twists and turns and keeps the viewer engaged.  Like many movies, editing could have provided better clarity on the characters, but it was good overall.
B003XF1XOQ|1.0|maybe you can find a way to write about this book without giving away what happens in the second book in the first sentence! stupid!
0811870413|5.0|I still remember the first time I had Tartine bread. The parking at the bakery was ridiculous that I had to circle around and my wife had to go to the store to buy the bread. We were luckly we got the bread that day, because since then, the bread is always sold out if we don't call in advanced. We were on our way to dinner with friends, but aroma of the bread made us unable to resist ourselves tearing a piece to try out, and we couldn't stop. The bread has incredible shelf life, and I've always wondered what the secret was.    The book was very inspiring as it walks you through the story of how Chad perfected his bread recipe, and how Tartine became one of the best bakeries in the US. It takes a lot of dedication and passion. For the recipe, Chad spent 30-40 pages describing Tartine country bread making process, and how home bakers can make something similar at home. It has other breads too but they all rely on the same starter used in the country bread. I would still buy this book just for the country bread recipe.    The technique of baking bread in the cast iron was very interesting. I saw one reviewer complained about baking with cast iron at 500F seems unsafe, but compare to other heart baking techniques, which require hot steam pan, and risk of cracking the oven glass by spilling water on 500F glass. I actually like and would prefer the cast iron which does not involve any water.    I've been baking bread, focaccia, and pizza at home from Peter Rienhart books with great results, and this is the first time I'm attempting the heart baking. The idea of making your own starter is very challenging. I even name my starter :-) The approach seems a little different from some of the sour dough starter recipe I've seen. Chad's starter seems to be wetter, is maintained lower temperature, and requires less frequent feeding. Quite a few people have tried and you can look up their blogs by searching google for tartine starter or tartine bread. Those who succeeded said it'sone of the best breads they've ever made, the texture and aroma was better than other recipes.     With that said, this is not a book for casual home baker or novice. It takes some patience to get through the process, weeks of making a stable starter, plus a day to make the bread. The book doesn't tell you much what to look for to determine that starter is ready, so you may need to do more research on Internet to get better understanding. It teachs you to develop baker instinct though - you will understand more what it takes to produce good bread in your own kitchen. The results are quite rewarding. If you're really passionate about bread baking, and especially you're a fan of Tartine country bread, I suggest you buy this book, read through it, and try his recipe. I've to warn the process is not easy and will require some hard work and time though but once you taste the bread you make, it will be hard to go back and buy bread and supermarket again. So, I think this is the kind of book and you will either love it or hate it. For me, this is great book.
6304698526|5.0|Steve McQueen at his uber cool best is `Bullitt' the cynical case hardened cop who works in a world of mafia hit men and political intrigue. A good supporting cast including Jacqueline Blisset (girlfriend) and Robert Vaughn (political wannabe) add depth and character to this twisted tale of mafia murder and police pursuit with its legendary signature car chase. Although the locations appear familiar: the cars, fashion and music produce a late 60's San Frisco nostalgia trip for the viewer. You simply can't make `em like this anymore. Check other reviews for DVD quality and format. Otherwise five stars.
0393316041|5.0|I've read this book three times and I'll probably read it a few more times. The stories are fascinating and/or hilarious. I'm not sure many people have lived such a full life. A true inspiration.
B000BNX4MC|5.0|i love this movie so much, i decided it was time to finally own it. haha. if you wanna see a truly classic 80's film, this is it!
0142000655|5.0|What can I say that hasn't already been said before? It's a great story about the struggle between good and evil in all of us. One of my favorites.
B0044XV3QY|4.0|There are few must-have movies that need to be added to a person's library, and AVATAR is surely one of those movies.  fantastic experience, especially with the surround sound and hi-def experience.  you find yourself at times diving more deep into the graphics and colors than the storyline.      Great story, even greater animation, hands down still the best even after a year of its release.
B003LXSY60|5.0|This is my favorite album of 2010. Some people will continue to be disappointed that they never make another \\"Big Come Up\\" or \\"Rubber Factory\\". I enjoyed all of their albums, and I don't mind that they've moved to a more commercial sound. We saw the first step of this transition with \\"Attack and Release\\" so it's no surprise that they continue to move in this direction. If listeners are more interested in their early work, I'd recommend Dan Auerbach's solo album  \\"Keep It Hid\\".
B001BPJJ82|3.0|The Fall (2006) is a film that really surprised me when I recently saw it in HD. And there's just one reason I watched The Fall: Director Tarsem Singh, the mastermind behind The Cell (2000). I was blown away with The Cell ten years ago, and still get chills when I see it today. Singh is a cinematic visionary, bringing very unique visual storytelling techniques to his work. I can't compare The Fall to really any other movie I've seen. It stands on its own, other than in comparison to Singh's first feature film The Cell. And this is a totally different film in terms of story. But visually it has the same incredible production design, cinematography, costumes and makeup, and style. I give the film 3.5 stars out of 5.<br /><br />I'm not going to discuss the plot and story of The Fall because the film is best viewed with an open mind like when you were a child excitedly listening to a bedtime story for the first time. And ironically, that basically is the story! While I did find The Fall a little slow in its pace at times and predictable, the visual smorgasbord is so enticing that it makes up for the shortcomings of the story. You simply shift your attention away from the slow pace of the story to the details and beauty within it, wondering how it was all conceptualized and created for you to see. Or at least that was the experience for me.<br /><br />Actor Lee Pace, probably most well known for his starring role in the short-lived TV series Pushing Daisies, is at his best in The Fall. I don't often talk about a guy's eyes, but Pace's eyes are simply mesmerizing in this film. And there's a breadth of emotion and humor that he conveys, mostly on his face, that blew me away. While I saw Pace on an episode of Pushing Daisies and thought he was a decent enough actor there, it's The Fall where he really shines the brightest so far. Scenes where he is acting with actress Catinca Untaru, the young girl in the story, are so touching, funny and emotionally appealing that I kept wanting the movie to stay focused on them the whole time.<br /><br />The Fall is a film that has stuck with me since I first saw it a few months ago and I doubt I will ever forget it, much like The Cell. It's just such uniquely great filmmaking so outside the Hollywood-box that it reminds me of the shear unlimited possibilities of storytelling within movies. It captures the playfulness of a Disney or Pixar animated feature, but in dramatic live action. It's a heart-warming, soulful film that captures the imagination of a child. While it's rated R, it felt like a kid's fantasy movie to me. I guess you could say it's for the kid in all of us adults.to stay focused on them the whole time.    The Fall is a film that has stuck with me since I first saw it a few months ago and I doubt I will ever forget it, much like The Cell. It's just such uniquely great filmmaking so outside the Hollywood-box that it reminds me of the shear unlimited possibilities of storytelling within movies. It captures the playfulness of a Disney or Pixar animated feature, but in dramatic live action. It's a heart-warming, soulful film that captures the imagination of a child. While it's rated R, it felt like a kid's fantasy movie to me. I guess you could say it's for the kid in all of us adults.
030746363X|5.0|Awesome book, I'm applying the methods used and seeing results already.  From how to diet by binging to improving sleep, this book is full of useful, no-nonsense info.
1599218011|5.0|I am a big fan of Kris Carr.  I have been following her on her site, CrazySexyLife.com and with her story I was motivated to become a vegan a year ago.  Since then I have faced some big transformations in my life: from graduating college, to unemployed grad, to new teacher. When I was given this book as a gift from my vegan sister (who follows CSD to cope with her Chrones disease), it was right in the nick of time when I was feeling stressed, depressed, and of course a few unnecessary lbs. heavier.  The wealth of knowledge in this book is amazing and lifesaving.  I had thought I already knew a lot about nutrition and wellness, but this book has taught me so much more! In just two weeks of following some of Kris's advice I am already feeling happier with so much less stress, lighter (bye, bye lbs!), and healthy.  Kris Carr is an amazing role model, and I suggest everyone at any age should read her book.  Your body, mind, and family will thank you :)  Thanks Kris for an amazing book!
030746363X|5.0|This is a book I might not have read, if I hadn't read Tim Ferriss' other book, The 4-Hour Workweek.  I don't normally read health books, and I'd even seen advertisements for this book here and there.  But after reading the 4-Hour Workweek, looking through the Table of Contents for this book, and reading a sample chapter on Tim's blog, I knew I had to read it.  Tim recommends reading just the chapters that apply to the goals you'd like to achieve, but because of Tim's writing style and the insights in each chapter, I read the whole thing, cover to cover.  What I like most about the book is that each chapter gives you specifics, and is followed by links to websites where you can get more information.  The other part I liked is that the book really inspires you to do something about your health, by demonstrating that dramatic changes are possible without hours and hours of work.  I'm now a Tim Ferriss junkie, and can't wait to see what he'll come up with next, and am rereading the book to decide which chapters to test out on myself.  Highly, highly recommended!
B000EXZI14|5.0|My wife loves the Bee Gees!
B000L9IUPM|5.0|My husband requested the DVD and we both watched it. It was very enjoyable as we grew up in the era when the Eagles started and like their music. Haven't been able to follow the concert circuit but enjoy live recording of concerts
030746363X|5.0|I have been waiting for this book for about a year and a half, since I first found Tim's blog. I have read every blog post, and have been reading bits of this book since I received it on the 17th of December. Great for new years resolutions, the 4 Hour Body is an easy-to-follow guide that can get anyone to their goals. I have already gained 5 lbs of muscle since January 1, and am looking forward to testing Tim's other ideas. Buy this book and don't give in to weightloss and bodybuilding gimmicks!
030746363X|4.0|Out of the box. Fascinating. Refreshing. Potentially right.  And...yes, I'm on the Ferriss diet and bought ma'self a kettlebell and a bosu ball. Time will tell.
030746363X|5.0|Follow the diet and you WILL lose weight....I lost 5 pounds the first 5 days...that is pleanty of motivation to keep going ! Tim Ferriss is a genius!
B002GZQYMK|5.0|As usual..nothing to complain about here.  One of the best bands out there today! At least in my opinion!
B002SQNM9A|4.0|Truth be told, it's not my favorite holiday album, but it's a good one. It's not the first one I reach for, but her version of Last Christmas is better than the pop version/original they play way too much! It's a decent attempt at a Christmas album, but if you want more traditional, don't buy this one.
030746363X|5.0|I downloaded this book onto my Kindle per the suggestion of my physical therapist (who is awesome by the way).  I have been following Tim's suggestions for one week, I'm down 7 pounds and 9\\".  Take that!  I love it!  I have not started doing any of the exercises because I'm recovering from knee surgery.  Can't wait to get into the physical part of it!
0553582038|4.0|I will admit that this book had not lived up to the expectations as the previous books had set, it has a lack of urgency in it that can be frustrating.  However this an excellent book! It provides great amount of depth to the supporting cast and gets you excited for book 5.      All of you who are bashing GRRM as if you are entitled to a series finish, you are not entitled to a darn thing and deserve nothing.  Go back to your nerd blogs and dissect why Warhammer is superior to DnD!
B0040T7B2W|5.0|I love this band. Imagine my surprise when I ripped it to my computer and saw that the \\"genre\\" designation was ALTERNATIVE & PUNK. Alt? Perhaps. Punk? Only if Nick Drake, Donovan, the Mamas and the Papas could be called punk. This is like all the great Belle & Sebastian albums, a great listening experience that will calm the nerves after... well, after listening to an ALTERNATIVE/PUNK album. I'd say it was their best album in years, but it is really a worthy follow up to the equally brilliant \\"The Life Pursuit.\\" I've got everything by this band and will continue to be a loyal follower as long as they put out albums like this.
B0043GAZYS|5.0|I watched Scott Pilgrim without knowing a thing about it.  I didn't even know it was based on a comic book.  My brothers just sat me in front of the TV and pressed play.    I thought I would cringe because the protagonist is Canadian and the film acknowledges it's in Toronto (I'm looking at you Short Circuit 2). Generally Canadiana content for some reason doesn't normally have the same cache as other countries and comes across...well, lame.  I'm relieved to say that that wasn't the case.  The production value on this film is insane.  It's been a long time since I've seen a movie with this kind of quality and creativity (probably the top of my list).    I definitely wasn't prepared for what I saw.  It caught me off-guard.  WARNING! The movie will cause sensory overload.  I could feel my brain adjusting itself in real time to absorb all what was happening (in a good way).    First the protagonist is not someone you're supposed to empathize with immediately because he is a jerk.  But as the movie progresses, he realizes this and 'grows up' (they did this better than \\"Knocked-Up\\", which I hated). Second, the special fx and quirky videogame references were entertaining and fresh.  What I liked was that it wasn't a half-attempt putting in pop and video game culture.  It went all out!  It wasn't afraid to be what it was.  Third, I really enjoyed the music.  Metric's Black Sheep is my current favourite song.    There are a few parts I didn't like (the Seinfeld reference with the fake laugh-track I could have done without)and it did get a bit repetitive.  That's partly the fault of the premise.  The premise is there are 7 ex-s to defeat.  My brain, after the 3rd one thought, \\"Oh no, they're going to repeat this pattern again 4 more times??\\".  While it really wasn't monotonous I had already prepared myself mentally for repetition (does that make sense?).    This is a love or hate movie.  There are a lot of references not everyone will get.  Once you decide you hate the styleand think the movie is shallow in the first 15 min, you're not going to change your mind by the end.  It doesn't pretend to be deep.  Just fun and creative.    I think the person who said people over 30 wouldn't like the movie is wrong.  It's people in that age group that played these 8-bit video games before they came out on an emulator.    I'm 32, female, and I loved it and all its ridiculousness.  Definitely one of my favourite movies of all time.    (Other movies and shows I like that are of a similar vein - Futurama, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind).
030746363X|5.0|This has been the greatest book so far that I've read on physical improvement, not only development, but improvement from every level. Highly recommended to everyone!
B000ZLFALS|5.0|When I bought this bluray, I did not expect it to be as musical as high school musical. I was expecting it to be more like sound of music (less music, more movie). They break into songs every 5 minutes. But after a while, I began to appreciate it. This movie is really good. If a heavy metal fan can enjoy this movie, I guess the rest of you could too. Very good bluray. Very cool video. Audio is awesome too.
030746363X|5.0|I think Tim is a very clever guy,with a big heart  the video?practical and very efficient with minimum input  Thanks
030746363X|5.0|This is a new way to look at the body.  TIm has done his research to describe replicable results.  He is setting a new standard for life that is healthy, attainable, and self-fullfulling in a way that makes you believe yourself to be an extraordinary human with a superhuman body.  Tim finds way to make the impossible easily possible.
030745455X|5.0|Once I started reading this book, I just couldn't put it away. Every night it was one more page and one more page before I turned the light off.<br />An excellent book.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|The movie is epic and it has been watched so many times already. Nice DVD package with extra special features. If you're a Twilight Saga fan, then this movie selection is for you.
B003E8P9G0|5.0|The red pyramid is an excellent book. Having read the Percy Jackson Series I was excited when i heard of this book. Rick Riordan is great author and in my opinion is one of the best. The Red Pyramid is such a great book I have already read it twice in a matter of weeks.I greatly reccomend this book and promise you will enjoy it.
030746363X|4.0|A very interesting book on what you can do to adjust body. Only downside is all the measurements in the Imperial system which mean nothing to me.
030746363X|5.0|Tim Ferris .. .you da man!!!  you have created yet another fantastic lifehack.  I am an avid fan of your first awesome book and an even greater fan of this second book.  I would have paid twice as much to own both books.  Keep them coming!!  and thanks for the time, effort and sacrifice you put into this one.
B0036OS3Q0|5.0|I ordered the white to go with a white jacket, and just love the look.  They are very comfortable for walking and so roomy..I wear a size 9 but usually go a half size up in boots, however they don't have that option for these boots, so I ordered a size 10 which worked out perfect as well.  One or two pair of socks are fine, but there is room for even the real thick socks.  These boots have good traction, I've worn them in the snow.  They are warm, easy to pull on and off and look so good on your feet.  I plan to order another color, since I like these Crocs so much!
B0015DROBO|4.0|It took me two \\"starts\\" to get into this book.  I put it down after reading half of the first chapter.  After several months and several friends telling me to try again, I picked it up and forced myself to read through it.  I started to gain interest after I finished the second chapter and once I started getting into the third I was hooked.  At about chapter 15 I struggled to even put it down!  I had to force myself to go to bed and finished the book the next day.  Total reading time: 2 days.  I just finished it yesterday and I'm purchasing The Girl Who Played with Fire today.  I'm only disappointed that the author could only finish three books before his passing.
1416927948|5.0|I read it to my son when he was 2 and that was 8 years ago.  Now I reas it to my daughter who is 3.  The rhymes are sing-songy and easy to commit to memory so you can recite it even if you don't have the book on hand.
030746363X|5.0|This was an excellent book.    It was both an informative and enjoyable read.    I highly recommend it.
B000SEJHRA|1.0|I was ready to buy this until I saw that the Kindle edition was $9.99 while the paperback copy was $8.02. No sale.
030746363X|4.0|Haven't finished 4 Hour Body yet, but so far it's been a great read.  The buffet style layout has something for everyone and he makes no bones about his intentions: maximum results for minimum input.  Thanks, Tim.
B001P06GX4|3.0|This game is very stimulating and interesting to play, it's just not that fun. My girlfriend and I just found ourselves getting annoyed at each other when we made good moves. Maybe we're just too competitive.    It just doesn't have the ups and downs of the games we really enjoy like Sorry! and Chutes and Ladders (yes we're adults playing preschool games).
1573300403|5.0|For anyone who is a fan of the king of pop, this is a must have.  A great blend of his wonderful videos both old and new, and my favorite is the MTV music awards....even his sister Janet was in awe.
030746363X|5.0|So just like his other book The Four Hour Work Week, the Four Hour Body is pure motivation! Whether you want to lose weight, gain muscle or gain weight, this book is a must read. Especially, if you simply need a kick in the rear.     However, if you are like some the readers below that already know it all, don't buy this book. Instead go and write your own. :)
030746363X|5.0|Whatever your fitness goals (building muscle, shedding fat, performance, etc), Ferriss' book has a variety of sections to address different issues from different angles (diet, exercise, drugs, etc.).  The book is designed so that the reader can pick-and-choose different sections to read based on what is relevant to him/her.   I cannot vouch for the validity of the science in the book, but at least none of what he suggests seems to be dangerous and would at worst just not work.
B003EI2EH2|5.0|This book is simply life changing. Any person that reads, learns, and applies the information will make his or her life way better.
1400052173|5.0|My sister sent this to me; very timely as I will assigned it to my class as a mandate in disparities in health. Yes- we can read about the research and consider therories but the human element will always champion the reality of health disparities in the US.
B003L20IJM|3.0|...not as good as the 1st, but my kids like it. I may be being to critcal. Emma Thompson is always good.
030746363X|5.0|I was waiting for this to get released for months and at 12:30 AM the Tuesday it was available to the Kindle I was reading it in bed and could not put it down.  Some of the content is available on Tim's blog, but here he's included all the secrets, trials and details of his experimentation.  These bits, combined with all the other chapters have made a huge difference for me.  For the first time in years I've dropped weight past a plateau I was stuck at, and all with minimal exercise and eating very well. I've spent well over fifty times this book's price for other materials, and none work as well for me as his advice.  On top of the great content, you get a constant feed of entertainment he provides, by unabashedly providing all the gritty details and specifics of the things he's done to test and prove out his advice.  My favorite is the \\"Cat Vomit\\" exercise, which is a variation of the ab vacuum, and it certainly works very well to produce quick results.  But no one has ever presented it in such an elegant fashion!    I loved the other chapters on sex and sleep.  I now eat a ton of nuts and feel great, having established a positive sleeping routine with very small tweaks (getting up earlier and using a 99 cent iPhone app).    I thought this book was so great, I've given it as a gift to others and preach from it all the time.    If you really want to drop fat, gain muscle, improve sleep or have more fun with your partner - you simply can't go wrong buying this book.  I am absolutely certain that anyone will gain at least one positive outcome from reading this book, and for the price it simply is pure gold!
B0026NWBY2|2.0|I put this CD on my Wish List, and now that I have the CD, I wish I had read the description more carefully.  The songs I wanted the most (While My Guitar Gently Weeps, Something, Here Comes The Sun) are LIVE versions, and therefore inferior to the studio recordings.  If the producers want to include live versions, fine.  Just include the studio versions as well.  This CD was very very disappointing.  I listened to it once, and put it back on my shelf, to likely remain unheard ever again.
B00005MM67|2.0|I guess I would have never seen this film had not my young daughter got enthralled with it the other night on television.  It was shown for the first time on Lithuanian television, apparently because of the recent \\"alpine fever\\" that has swept the country, with Lithuanians traveling far and wide to find mountains high enough to fulfill their adrenaline rush.<br /><br />The movie itself seems aimed exclusively at young adolescents, making up for its lugubrious pace with enough literal cliffhanging scenes to keep you involved.  There is the sole woman to play into the female audience, despite this being essentially a guy-bonding movie.  Our intrepid pair, Taylor and Harold, finally get their chance to scale the peak of K2 thanks to the deaths of two more of Phillip Claiborne's men, barely surviving the downhill climb themselves.<br /><br />I have to say that some of the scenes are breathtaking, as the cumbersome climbing team makes its way up K2, but all the close-up shots were obviously studio sets, ruining any realistic sense of the event taking place.  If you are looking for real alpine adventure, I would suggest watching documentaries like Werner Herzog's \\"Dark Glow of Mountains\\" instead, which highlights two of Reinhold Messner's climbs.
1440503257|4.0|I admit it, I adore tie-in cookbooks. Redwall, Discworld, even Fanny Flagg's Whistle Stop Cafe cookbook...you find me a cookbook that ties in with a series I enjoy and I'll snap it up, lickety-split. That's why I was so excited to find The Unofficial Harry Potter Cookbook. Even since I first read the books, the food mentioned in them fascinated me, not just the traditional British food (which, due to my Anglophilia, I've long been interested in), but the strange and wonderful wizard food, food which I wondered how it could be translated into real-world equivalents. It's obvious from Dinah Bucholz's writing that she, too, is fascinated by those dishes mentioned by Rowling and it's also apparent that she's given a lot of thought and put a lot of effort into creating the dishes listed in this cookbook. Each one is headed by a synopsis of the scene in which the dish appears and most have sidebars full of trivia related to the dish or the ingredients used. Tips, techniques and ways to make some of the dishes more like those in the books (especially as applies to the food served by Hagrid) appear at the end of many of the recipes. The instructions are clearly written, as they should be seeing how this is directed more towards young cooks, book and web sources are clearly listed, and the index is extensive, making it easy to find a particular dish. I haven't had the opportunity to test any of the recipes out; should I do so and meet with success, I'll be sure to add another star to my rating.<br /><br />Note: Due to the unofficial nature of this cookbook, being unaffiliated, licensed or endorsed by J.K. Rowling or Warner Bros., some famous recipes, most notably Butterbeer, aren't included due to their licensed state. However, a quick web search will garner you several takes on Butterbeer as well as many other Potter treats which might be missing from this book, although, considering the extensive number of recipes contained in this book (over 150), there can't be that many.
B0042U94UQ|3.0|Steve Carell is not that funny as the lead voice; the other characters do a better job of being entertaining. Overall the movie has its funny moments and is good for the family.
030746363X|5.0|The 4-Hour Body has helped me go from a skinny 130 lbs at 6' to 154 lbs in just a few week, Tim, I never doubted you. Can't wait for your next book.
030746363X|5.0|Who wouldn't be skeptical with a title like this. I know I was not only with this book but with Mr. Ferriss's first offering, \\"The 4-Hour Work Week\\", but just as he did before he delivers the goods as promised. I lost over 12 pounds just by changing my diet (which was pretty good to begin with) in the first 5 weeks. Now that I have added his exercise suggestions I can see the results immediately after only one week. Give this book a try, you won't regret it.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|\\"And to the people accusing Uncle George of being greedy. Why is it every time Star Wars is released on a new medium Lucas is accused of \\"double sipping\\" or milking it? This isn't double dipping. This is Star Wars being released on Blu-ray for the first time. Just like DVD before that and VHS before that.\\"    Did you know that \\"A New Hope\\" was released a total of 26 times across only six mediums?    1982-VHS,Beta,RCA CED,Laser Disc CLV*1985-Laser Disc CAV*1989 - Laser Disc Widescreen*1990-Trilogy VHS*1992-Trilogy VHS Widescreen,Trilogy LaserDisc P&S,New Hope Laser disc Widescreen corrected*1993-Trilogy Definitive LaserDisc CAV*1995-TRilogy THX Widescreen VHS,Trilogy THX P&S VHS,TRilogy LAserDisc CLV*1997-TRilogy THX Widescreen VHS Special Ed,Trilogy THX P&S VHS Special Ed,TRilogy LAserDisc CLV Special Ed*2000 - Trilogy Widescreen (Sp Ed),Trilogy P&S (sp Ed)*2004-Trilogy DVD Wide,Trilogy DVD P&S*2005-Trilogy DVD Wide (no bonus disc)*2006-New Hope DVD Dual Version wide*2008 - Trilogy Box set DVD Dual version wide*2011-Trilogy Blu-Ray,Saga Blu-Ray  That averages to a new home relase for every year since the movie was first released for home viewing.    If this trend continues, do you really wish to hold on to the sentiment that \\"George WILL NOT be releasing the theatrical cuts on blu-ray. Take the hint already. It's not happening\\"    It is happening  and so will 3d blue ray  and 3d blue ray special edition  and 3d blue ray theatrical edition  so...yeah
B004GNYGTI|3.0|I bought myself, er, I mean the family, a Panasonic Viera 65\\" Plasma teevee and a Panasonic Blu-Ray player for Christmas. Yay me. They're both awesome and replace some 5ish-year old HD teevee/dvd units. I paid the extra for a professional to calibrate the new units and all I can say is... Wow. It is a phenomenal setup including the 7.1 surround system we already had and that the audio is hooked up to.<br /><br />Now, I've never used the Viera Cast or any other streaming internet movie service before, but both the new teevee and the new Blu-Ray player have it. Included with the internet streaming services in Viera Cast are four internet-based streaming movie providers; Netflix, Amazon-On-Demand, Vudu, and CinemaNow. I refuse to use Netflix as it is pay-per-month whether you use it or not, their selection of new titles is deeply lacking, and there are extra per-month fee's for basic services you would think the subscription would already include. CinemaNow is just a plain awful streaming movie app with a terrible selection of what they call 'newer titles' that are already quite old so I won't use that one either. However, I did fire up and try out Amazon-On-Demand and Vudu.<br /><br />Using Amazon-On-Demand I watched the (so-called) HD version of SALT. While the movie was good for the most part, it looked absolutely TERRIBLE using Amazon-On-Demand. It might as well have been the standard DVD version. It streamed great over wifi with no buffering but the visual quality was absurdly less than HD quality. I highly doubt I'll ever use Amazon-On-Demand ever again if that is what Amazon considers HD quality.<br /><br />Then I watched Inception using the VUDU (VUDU.com) service and it was like I had a HD disc in the Blu-Ray player. The visual and audio quality was very exceptional and it also streamed with no buffering at all. There was no comparison and the VUDU service blows Amazon-On-Demand out of the water. The quality of VUDU even far surpasses my Cox-On-Demand service. Also, VUDU gets and provides many more new releases on the same day that the DVD hits stores than Amazon does. That is also a big plus.<br /><br />Unless Amazon-On-Demand redefines and up converts its definition of what they consider HD quality, I won't use it anymore. If you can't get VUDU with your teevee or Blu-Ray player they offer hookups on Amazon. [[ASIN:B001AS0F1A VUDU Wireless Kit]]vides many more new releases on the same day that the DVD hits stores than Amazon does. That is also a big plus.     Unless Amazon-On-Demand redefines and up converts its definition of what they consider HD quality, I won't use it anymore. If you can't get VUDU with your teevee or Blu-Ray player they offer hookups on Amazon. [[ASIN:B001AS0F1A VUDU Wireless Kit]]
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Of course, THIS IS NOT A REVIEW of the BLU-RAY version, BUT I have seen ALL 6 movie in 1080i HD ON TBS,TNT,etc., \\"And I did SLEEP at a HOLIDAY INN today, so..............Who Cares?      I will buy this CLASSIC in a 'heart beat', I don't care, STAR WARS should be in the highest state of the art SOUND and VIDEO definition OUT. Yes, and I know George is again \\"milking\\" us dumb Womp-rats\\" again, But it's Star Wars guys, WHO CARES! THE movie that changed the 'genre', changed Sci-fi history,.... like one reviewer said, \\"If you don't like the changes then don't buy it\\". I waited in line for hours to see this classic in 1977 and was \\"Stunned! \\"shocked! Never had there been a space movie like that. Not even \\"Star Trek\\" which came out as a series before didn't come close. I DON'T CARE WHAT GEORGE has done to the movie to keep up with the times, WHO CARES! No other movie will ever have the IMPACT on the times like this classic had.      Yeah,yeah, I know George is treating us like A bunch of stupid \\"Jar Jar Binks\\", and he's already working to get our next dollar, with the coming of.....-The \\"NEW 3D SPECIAL DIRECTOR CUT OF STAR WARS\\" or what ever. George just will not stop! HUH? \\"I got a bad feeling, about this!\\"    Who cares?.......STAR WARS in 3D? YEAH!! \\"The Force is Strong in this one!\\"   I'll be the first in line! Keep'em coming George!
030746363X|5.0|I bought the kindle edition for my iphone, and I've since finished it twice. Not only is it a fun, pleasant read, but the methods described WORK. Words can't really describe how phenomenal they are, so I'll let numbers do the talking:    Personally I've only tested the muscle gain regime:    Days following regime so far: 6  Workouts so far: 2 (40 minutes total gym time)  Weight gain: 3.2kgs (from 78.7kgs to 81.9kgs)  Millimeters added around each upper arm (circumference): 18mm left arm (from 332mm to 350mm), 16mm right arm ( from 332mm to 348mm)  Millimeters added around each thigh (circumference): 32mm on both sides (from 563mm to 595mm)  Millimeters added around the chest (circumference): 69mm (from 1021mm to 1090mm)    These are the kind of results I have previously spent months and countless hours in the gym on...    In short: If you'd like to take control of the physical side of your life, BUY IT. The chapter on muscle growth alone, is well worth the investment. That said, I have friends who have lost 10kgs in 2,5 weeks on the fat loss side of things, and another who took 4 days following the methods described for strength gains, and performed a single armed chin-up for the first time ever. Again, buy it.    Jakob      ps.    Tim, if you read this, THANK YOU!
B0047O2HJW|2.0|I really am disconcerted as people are hailing these releases as being the first re-release of Dylan in mono for ages blah blah blah...when anything is BUT the case.  Just a few years ago, Sundazed Records was granted the right to release the mono editions of all these Dylan albums on 180 gram vinyl from Sony/Columbia or whatever (they are a company which specializes in re-releases classic albums on 180 gram vinyl, often in their mono mixes, as long as they get the rights to do so. etc).  Anyways, they did so with the Dylan releases, and they were absolutely great.  In fact, their re-releases were indeed so great that they became some of the best-sellers of the company, and although the proprietors of their rights surely did receive a large share of their profits, they didn't get ENOUGH, so Columbia/Legacy put out their own versions of the mono albums on CD and LP.  From what I heard of their version of \\"Like a Rolling Stone\\" was pretty inferior to the Sundazed release, even the new vinyl they put out sounded like a CD.  It was TOO clean, if that makes sense, as if even the fuzz from Dylan's guitar was removed in the studio.  When comparing this set to Sundazed there was absolutely no comparison.  Go with Sundazed, THEY know what they are doing, and they didn't release their Dylan Mono LPs just to cash in for Christmastime.      I would ONLY recommend this set if you have NO means to buy a turntable and all the necessary accessories to play and buy records, and are relegated to buying these on the CD format, which I do admit are the best CD versions of Dylan ever released.  However, if you DO have a turntable.etc or CAN get ONE, then do and order all of the albums through Sundazed, because THAT is the BEST way to hear Bob Dylan as he was intended-IN MONO!!!
B000000OEI|4.0|Yes, you heard me correctly, the music created by Hans Zimmer is better than the actual film it adorns.  I've seen the film a few times, and I typically smirk at it in politeness.  It's not a horrible film, but it does totter on the abyss of being absurd.  As it stands now the drama in the film is overstated and fairly improbable (if not downright impossible).  If I had written the script there would have been a different emphasis.    But, for all of the internecine conflict that takes place aboard the ship, the thing that really strikes home is the music.  Plot and story are marginal, but are enhanced by a score that quite simply outshines the visual media it's meant to compliment.    I wish I had more to say.  It's just good music.  Check it out.
B00461MY30|4.0|I am very happy that they finally released the Stones albums on 180 grams.  Although others may say that the packaging is bad, I really do not feel that it is that terrible (save for the unoriginal covers of Their Satanic Majesties Request and Beggar's Banquet). I am happy that the two EPs were included, and that these and the pre-Aftermath albums were in their dedicated mono versions.  And everything does sound absolutely fantastic, although you can tell that there was a BIT of a digital process undertaken in re-mastering these albums and whereas all the mono albums, the two Big Hits collections and so on sound great, the Aftermath-Metamorphosis studio album releases are KIND of close to the SACD 2002 releases (although they sound much better on vinyl, and it seems that some of the tracks on these stereo albums even are mono, because Lady Jane and What to Do off Aftermath seem to be in mono, as do a lot of the tracks off of Big Hits 1).  Finally, The Rolling Stones are given true audiophile quality, and Ruby Tuesday is once again in its original version with the overdubbed choruses intact!!!! (which the 2002 releases changed oddly enough..).  I am very sad that everything that was once in mono wasn't re-issued here in mono, as I REALLY would have loved a completely mono Aftermath, Between the Buttons, Their Satanic Majesties Request, Beggar's Banquet, and Let it Bleed.  But then again, many do argue that the stereo versions of these select albums are superior to their mono brethren.  But beggars cant be choosers (for now), and the set is really pretty damn good nonetheless!!
B002LFPAUC|5.0|I recently purchased the complete series of Fawlty Towers.  I used to watch it back in the 70s and loved it then.  I have missed it and have been waiting to find it on DVD.  I finally found it on Amazon.com and am so pleased.  It arrived about 2 weeks after I ordered it.  The DVDs have been remastered and there are added features.  What a great keepsake!  Quality is superb!    Thanks so much BBC.  Wish more comedies were like these.
030746363X|4.0|TF recommends reading just parts of the 4HB, not to get overwhelmed.  I read the whole book because I'm interested in health and wellness and want to know what crazy ideas TF has and would I recommend the book to a friend with an issue other than mine. I'm not looking for TF to be perfect, just interesting and challenging.  I take responsibility for trying his recommendations - as he recommends - or modifying the idea to suit my needs.     My goal is to gain strength and move my curves to the right places.  I don't want to lose weight, even though at 5'6\\" and 145#, most women would be trying to lose weight.  I've been experimenting with my diet for years and found that something between a Primal and Weston Price diet works best for me - lots of kimchi, rare beef, raw eggs, raw cream/butter and a wide variety of nutrient dense traditional foods.  The Nourished Kitchen blog is one of my favorites.      I learned Kettlebell training from Art of Strength about 5 yrs ago and love them.  TF has helped me set simple performance goals and encouraged me to track my stats.  Body Fat, dimensions and Movement screen.      Yesterday, I reread the sections on Posterior, KBs, FMS and Curves and wrote down my workout with my goals.  I'm giving myself 4 months.  I have no doubt that I will succeed. Thank you TF, for the inspiration to put together a simple plan and track the results. I take 100% responsibility for experimenting with my health.  Tim encourages us to take notes and seek unconventional resources.  Very cool!
B003UESJJC|5.0|I'd read all the 5 star reviews of the product and thought I'd give the product a try.  I would have to say the best thing about it (notwithstanding the massive amount of extras) is the remastering of this film to blu-ray.  It is really jaw dropping.  The blacks are as black as ink and there is not a speck of grain that I can pick up anywhere in the print.  The remastering process of this film for blu-ray must truly have been a labour of love.      To say the extras are exhaustive would be the understatement of the decade.  You could spend days and days and not get through it all.  The documentary Hearts of Darkness is a must-see and is enthralling from start to finish.      In summary I would have to say that of all the releases on the blu-ray format to date this would be one of the 'must' owns.  It is one that should be in everyone's collection.      Essential!
B002ZG994U|5.0|I was expecting another cheesy remake of a sitcom, but was pleasantly surprised when we finished the movie!  Held my attention the entire time.  Funny and filled with a lot of action scenes.  No \\"f-bombs\\" that I can remember which was refreshing.  Overall, we really enjoyed it and I wish we had bought it instead of \\"renting\\" it through Amazon On Demand!
030746363X|5.0|Tim's book is a real eye opener. He writes it in a way that let's you easily pick the parts that will help you reach the goals you are looking for. The work outs are clear, the \\"slow carb\\" diet is awesome, and all the other aspects of the book are valuable. This book is a worthwhile treasure chest of useful information. I can't wait for Tim's next book!
B002ZG99G8|3.0|****SPOILER FREE REVIEW****    I love the acting and characterization.  Even though there are a lot of characters, they did a decent job of getting them across to the audience.  Again, the acting and dialogue was decent.      unfortunately, the plot was a touch on the thin side.  The villain is almost cartoonish in his depth and actions and that was to the detriment of the film (even though his performance was good).     I would have rated this film higher, but truthfully this action genre has a lot of good films in it like the Bourne Series, Transporter, etc and this film is not at that level by any stretch (no fault of the acting, script is just weak).     So, I had to give it 3 stars.  If you need an action flick to tide you over, this is not a bad selection.  It is okay, Zoe is hot, the guys are funny, acting is decent.
B002H3F7F6|5.0|This is currently my favorite Christmas album of all time. Why?  1) Terrific singing: Sting sounds soulful, intimate, and draws you in.  2) Great production: Rich acoustic palette of instruments in unusual arrangements custom-tailored to each song.  3) Fresh material: It doesn't have a single song I'd heard before. Thus, I wasn't already sick of hearing any of the cuts a million times over. Not all directly relate to Christmas, but they all feel right.    P.S. Yes, it's a bit meditative and dark. So if you like your Christmas bright and sunny, this is NOT the CD for you.
B0044XV3R8|4.0|The best way of viewing this movie is in blu-ray platform and the extended or director's cut.  This fills in some important information and insight.
B0042JTDXK|5.0|Josh Groban is in fine form here. If you're a fan of his, don't hesitate to add this one to your collection. I am. I did.
B000002AH7|5.0|\\"Sketches of Spain\\" recorded in 1959-60 was the third project resulting from the long collaboration between Miles Davis and innovative master of orchestral arrangements Gil Evans. The album explores the musical styles of the Iberian Peninsula and has a distinctive feel quite different from any of Miles' other work, often described as something of a musical landmark. A listener familiar with classical music who has never been able to connect with jazz might find this collection an immediately accessible gateway.<br /><br />The opener is an extended re-interpretation of the second movement of J. Roderigo's modern impressionist-classical piece \\"Concierto di Aranjuez\\", which Miles listened to repeatedly in 1959 and declared \\"I couldn't get it out of my mind.\\" Gil's orchestration for an ensemble of brass and woodwind anchors the melody, is faithful to Roderigo's score and captures the spirit of the original to perfection. It is more classical (i.e. rigid) in structure than normally found in jazz, allowing only constrained improvisation around the melody. In re-interpreting the original score for the guitar, Miles responds to the more formalised framework with understated mastery and works with the orchestra to fine result: a satisfying and distinctive mood-piece which lingers in the memory. Roderigo, by the way, didn't like it: the brass-dominated orchestral sound too much of a departure from his vision; the absence of the Spanish guitar at the heart of the piece, and the second movement of the concerto removed from the context of the faster and more upbeat first and third movements not at all to the composer's taste. However, in the context of the other pieces on Miles and Gil's \\"Sketches of Spain\\" it fits perfectly and sets the mood.<br /><br />Three shorter pieces, \\"Will o' the Wisp\\", \\"The Pan Piper\\" and \\"Saeta\\" follow, each different but blending seamlessly with \\"Aranjuez\\" in style and confirming the mood. The long closer, \\"Solea\\" (12.08) is an attention-grabber grounded on Gil's spellbinding percussion-dominated orchestration, an invitation to which Miles responds with intelligence and expressive sensitivity to weave a fine tapestry filled with moments of tension and delight, still in the Iberian mode.<br /><br />\\"Sketches of Spain\\" is a great album, distinctive and special, which should never be absent from any serious collection of Miles Davis' key works. Even if you're not really a fan of jazz in general or of Miles in particular but love the Concierto di Aranjuaz or the music of Spain, consider making an exception and adding it to your collection. For a Miles Davis fan, it's indispensable.spellbinding percussion-dominated orchestration, an invitation to which Miles responds with intelligence and expressive sensitivity to weave a fine tapestry filled with moments of tension and delight, still in the Iberian mode.     \\"Sketches of Spain\\" is a great album, distinctive and special, which should never be absent from any serious collection of Miles Davis' key works. Even if you're not really a fan of jazz in general or of Miles in particular but love the Concierto di Aranjuaz or the music of Spain, consider making an exception and adding it to your collection. For a Miles Davis fan, it's indispensable.
B0043KK4N6|5.0|I really like this one. Although ALL the music from the film isn't here, the better numbers are. I especially like Cher's two selections and \\"I'm A Good Girl\\" & \\"A Man What Takes His Time\\" by Christina.
B002ZG981E|4.0|This is well done and a good film.  Make sure you have time to stay seated to watch the entire film, it is not one you can leave the room and keep up with.
B003E48AYC|5.0|This movie was a christmas gift for my daughter;  It was recieved very quickly before christmas and my daughter has watched it several times since christmas.  Johnny depp is a great actor and my daughter owns alot of his movies;
030746363X|5.0|Read the book a week ago, and have since lost 6 pounds and my husband says his clothes fit better (he's not a fan of scales).  Concepts are simple and easy to use.  3 important factors for me: 1) It allows for a cheat day so I don't have to feel like the healthy eating is neverending. 2) It allows me to drink a glass of wine a day. 3) It doesn't force me to weigh food or count anything.  I know that if I'm sticking to the right kinds of food, I can have as much of it as I need to feel satisfied.  It sounds cliche, but I've tried lots of weight loss methods and this is the only one that's ever seemed doable for the long-term.  The book is fanastic: entertaining, easy to read, informative, and gets right to the point.  I loved that I could skip right to the chapters that deal with my goals, and didn't have to get bogged down in the science behind it all (but there are boxes filled with scientific analysis that my husband liked the best).  I'm grateful someone like Tim is out there playing the guinea pig and letting me benefit from the data without going through the experimentation!!  Highly recommend the book.
B00005QGAV|5.0|This is one of my favorite album of ALL time. This must be the 9th time that I have bought this CD. I love Michael Jackson and he was so talented. There is not a song on this CD that I do not like. I must have listened to this CD a hundred times since I purchased it. I highly recommend this CD!!!!
B0048KXRR6|1.0|I loved Nanny McPhee and was really looking forward to this movie, but I must say it was a serious letdown. The story was just stupid and far fetched. I'm not sure how anyone could rate this movie above 2 stars. I watched the whole thing but wanted to turn it off several times throughout the storyline when it got to stupid to believe, even for a magical person like Nanny McPhee.    There was no real love interest to peak your curiosity or hold your interest like in the first movie. The villain was just a total moron and a pathetic part of the story. The so called Lessons Nanny McPhee taught the family were just ridiculous and most of the time there was no real learning in the end, the lessons just left me wanting and unsatisfied with the outcome. The move is so bad that truthfully even though I only watched it a few days ago I cannot remember much more about it other that I thought it was a major waste of money.
145634742X|3.0|No footnotes.  The book is not even printed until after being ordered.  The book itself is great, but this format and edition is not nice.
030746363X|4.0|Great book that's easy and entertaining to read. I love how the author used himself as a human laboratory. It's easy to bounce around the book to different sections based on your interests - running, strength, weight loss...  He's got a great writing style that kept me interested through all sections.
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|I wanted more of a story between Katniss, Peeta, and Gale. I feel like the end was rushed to meet a deadline... Still a good book, but could have elaborated on the very end more. Disappointed.
0345495004|4.0|\\"Loving Frank\\" is a novel about the true, but as yet untold, story of the love affair between the world famous architect, Frank Lloyd Wright and Mamah Borthwick Cheney, who had commissioned Wright to build a new home for her and her husband, Edwin Cheney. Mamah (pronounced May-Meh and short for Martha) was known in her time, mostly as \\"that woman\\" (ring a bell?) who had gone away with Frank Lloyd Wright and in so doing destroyed both families. The affair became one of the biggest scandals of the day (1907-1914) and headlined the Chicago newspapers. The subtext of the novel is, in a sense, the story of feminism in America. In reading the novel one sees how much life and attitudes have changed for women in many ways and how little they have changed in others. The story demonstrates the complete double standards that existed for men and women in the early 1900's, double standards that have not completely been eradicated today. In that time it was all but forbidden for women to pursue their goals and talents beyond those of being a wife and mother.The book explores what happens to a woman who though living a conventional life, is not a conventional woman. She is educated at a fine college, well before women were expected or, in some cases, allowed to attend universities. Maymah's intelligence and curiosity make it difficult for her to pretend to live by the conventions of her day. She is in a loveless marriage with a man who is a good and fair man, but one for whom Mamah feels no deep love or connection. When she meets Frank Lloyd Wright and the affair begins, she is awakened to what a true love is and how two people can be so profoundly connected. Yet she is married and has two children and she loves them with all her heart. Still, Mamah decides to go with Wright to Europe. The story invites the reader to ask many questions, not the least of which is, \\"but what about the children\\"?<br /><br />Another interesting theme of the book is architecture and the architect himself, Frank Lloyd Wright. In reading \\"Loving Frank\\", one does not finish the book wholly loving Frank. In fact, you learn that there is as much to dislike in the man, as there is to admire. It was as if Wright was born to be an architect and to think outside of the box. In as much, it was a good thing for the world that Wright was born a man and not a woman; just think what the world would have never known. One learns about his early \\"Prairie School\\" of Architecture and can easily imagine living in Oak Park, Illinois, where both he and Mamah lived, as well as the author, Nancy Horan. There is a conversation with the author at the end of the book (paperback edition and I would guess also hard cover) which is enlightening, as well as many references of her sources and other readings to learn more  about Frank Lloyd Wright.<br /><br />The book's ending is not at all what one would have  expected and it sent me and my fellow book club readers for a spin. I highly recommend \\"Loving Frank\\". I can assure you a very satisfying read.nk Lloyd Wright. In reading \\"Loving Frank\\", one does not finish the book wholly loving Frank. In fact, you learn that there is as much to dislike in the man, as there is to admire. It was as if Wright was born to be an architect and to think outside of the box. In as much, it was a good thing for the world that Wright was born a man and not a woman; just think what the world would have never known. One learns about his early \\"Prairie School\\" of Architecture and can easily imagine living in Oak Park, Illinois, where both he and Mamah lived, as well as the author, Nancy Horan. There is a conversation with the author at the end of the book (paperback edition and I would guess also hard cover) which is enlightening, as well as many references of her sources and other readings to learn more  about Frank Lloyd Wright.    The book's ending is not at all what one would have  expected and it sent me and my fellow book club readers for a spin. I highly recommend \\"Loving Frank\\". I can assure you a very satisfying read.
030746363X|4.0|Tim comes up with yet another way to aid in making you a better person, in less time, with the most satisfying results. I have been training for around 3 years now and love the subject of exercise, and body transformation. Tim has some great new tricks, and tips that I have since thrown into my own routine, and its going great!
1599218011|5.0|This book wonderfully consolidates all of the great information Kris has been sharing online.  It's a great resource for all.  Please do yourself a favor and buy it now!
B003EI2EH2|4.0|There is a lot of interesting information in Tim's book and he's done a lot of experimentation that could save others time and money. I'd get a printed version instead of the Kindle version as the images and layout occasionally have issues in the electronic version.
B000QCSA54|2.0|Godin presents a small idea, which may be a good one but is not radical or world-changing. He seems to believe that all problems are amenable to his solution, and bends over backward to couch problems in a way to make his solution fit. His writing style is clumsy and opaque. The book claims to be short, but it could have been 1/2 as long.     I'd like my evening back.
0385339585|4.0|A Grisham novel which - surprise - predictably adhered to Grisham's tried and true legal thriller formula.  Not a story that is read for deeper symbolic meaning, this novel is read for entertainment value only.  In my opinion, it did a pretty good job of delivering that entertainment.  And since I'm frequently in the mood to have my entertainment delivered in a mindless fashion the requires no deep cerebral exercises, I enjoyed the story and was happy to read a good, entertaining legal thriller.
030746363X|5.0|i am a registered nurse and although i have been trained in the traditional standards of practice, i am very appreciative of new ideas that are outside of this \\"standard of practice box\\" way of thinking. i especially appreciate the thought tim puts into his ideas and his extensive self-testing.  one needs to make one's own decisions regarding how and what she wants to practice in  her life, but there is not much that is new out there to consider.  i have gotten an enourmous amout of new and, i believe, valuable information from this tome.  thank you, tim ferriss.
0553579908|1.0|Many of us have been waiting for years (going on six now) for book five in this series which will now be at least seven books long. Let's see, do the math, at six year intervals it will be 2023 before we see an end in sight. That's providing that he really does have book five finished by the end of the year (2011). I don't know about anyone else, but I'm done. He or I will likely be dead before he finishes. Time to move on.
030746363X|5.0|I've seen some info regarding Tim Ferriss's book on uncrate and told my partner how much I'd like to have it. He bought it for me and I got it on Xmas. I started reading immediately. The advice given is really simple to follow, besides - one can pick whatever he or she wants to improve (weight, muscles, sleep, sex) and do it one by one.     Even if you don't need all the help - buy the book. It's fun to read and you never know when you might want to improve your sleep or anything.
0553573403|1.0|Many of us have been waiting for years (going on six now) for book five in this series which will now be at least seven books long. Let's see, do the math, at six year intervals it will be 2023 before we see an end in sight. That's providing that he really does have book five finished by the end of the year (2011). I don't know about anyone else, but I'm done. He or I will likely be dead before he finishes. Time to move on.
030746363X|5.0|I have purchased three copies of this book - one for my iPhone Kindle app, one for my husband, and one for my personal trainer. We all love it. The book is written in a user-friendly style and the illustrations and photos are very helpful. I have started the nutrition plan (I wouldn't call it a diet because I'm not restricting quantities of food) and it is very easy to follow. I have been strength training for almost a year, and in the past week of following the nutrition plan I've lost 2 pounds and 1.5% body fat.
0553582038|1.0|Many of us have been waiting for years (going on six now) for book five in this series which will now be at least seven books long. Let's see, do the math, at six year intervals it will be 2023 before we see an end in sight. That's providing that he really does have book five finished by the end of the year (2011). I don't know about anyone else, but I'm done. He or I will likely be dead before he finishes. Time to move on.
030746363X|5.0|The diet is about three pages. Ya really. It is that simple. I have adapted to get bowl, dump meat, dump veggie, dump beans, insert fork and shovel.<br />I am so well fed and satisfied. If you would have told me three weeks ago that I would be loving bone-in chicken breast-a can of chili beans-and a bag of steamed broccoli beign shoveled into my mouth I would not have believe you.<br />I don't even crave junk food on my cheat days. I just enjoy a can of salted mixed nuts and a ton of diet soda.<br /><br />It works. Those three pages if followed will render you an incredible loss per week. Of just fat. You will gain muscle so its important to take measurements because sometimes it seems as though you arent losing. BUt muscle is heavier. TAKE MEASUREMENTS.<br /><br />You do not even have to exercise but you are going to feel like doing it.<br />I live in the keys and for some reason didn't get out much, Now I am walking around all the time. Oh and I am hot now did I mention that?<br />The muscle that is built just by what you are shoveling in is amazing.<br />The rest of the book is explaining why, how, and the science.<br />The guy devoted his life to finding the answers and wow-thank you Tim.<br />Huge difference you have made in my life.<br />My body doesn't hurt when I get off the couch. My bones don't sound like a xylophone when I move to get up. I look healthy. I am glowing. People have said wow you look so healthy to me.<br />Yea bishes I do.<br />Four Hour Body baby!<br />So I do ten pushups, ten side lunges, 10 squats, and some 15 lb dumbells to shape these new muscles. Oh and ten crunches and side crunches and I do two sets.<br />Sometimes I don't even do another set.<br />That is the minimum my body needs and Tim has taught me anything more-is just wasteful LOL<br />The thing that really hit it home for me was when he said this. Calories are wrong-you are telling me if you just sit on your butt you burn 100 caLORIES an hour- but an hour of stair master is 150? How can that be right?<br />Boom!
B003ZTQN1I|4.0|I agree with Matthew - I was looking for this soundtrack after the movie specifically for the duet between Garrett and Leighton and am sadly disappointed that it isn't on here.  I love Faith Hill too and she could have sang her heart out on that song - but it still doesn't measure up to the duet in the movie!! The duet is available on itunes! That is good news for those of us who loved that song in the movie!
B002IDH4PQ|5.0|Great release from the one and only Kid Cudi. The fact that his records are available in vinyl only further my respect for him as an artist. I do not understand why vinyl is not saught after more frequently.
B0041KKYEM|5.0|This was one of Natalie Portman's BEST films! She truly deserves an Oscar for this role! My friends and I absolutely loved this movie! It was thrilling, sensual, funny & straight up awesome! I give this 5 stars!  Good job Natalie!!
030746363X|5.0|This is an amazing book, period. When all of the health and fitness blogs that I subscribe to recommended as soon as it came out, I bought a copy. I'm 56, in good health, but definitely overweight. I'm a former Marine and football player with a black belt in TaeKwonDo, but like I said, tend to be overweight.     When I got the book, I scanned the TOC and was immediately drawn to the section on losing body fat. Tim has a diet that he calls the \\"Slow Carb Diet\\" laid out in simple and straightforward detail. I started the diet last Monday (1/3/20111) and one week later I've lost 9 pounds.     More importantly, the book is filled with a ton of information that is spot on in terms of maintaining health. Tim seems like a kind of strange dude (he weighs his own poo in pursuit of information) but you have to admire that kind of commitment. From weight loss to gaining muscle, it's all laid out.     I also like his approach. He says DON'T read the book from cover to cover. Read the intro stuff and then cherry pick right to what you're interested in.    This is not one of those self-important, super scientific, made for pro body builders kind of health book. It's written for regular people by a regular guy (who by the way has done all of his homework, extensively) and it provides actionable strategies that work.    If you are in any way concerned about your health, your weight or your physical appearance, YOU NEED TO BUY THIS BOOK NOW.
0393327345|4.0|I have watched the movie a few times over the past few years and read many books my Palahniuk (from the highs of Survivor, Rant, and Lullaby to the lows of Snuff and Choke), so I wanted to give this a shot.  Once again, Chuck does not disappoint.  If you have seen the movie, this is NOTHING like it.  It is darker, snarkier, and plain sick.  While you know the big twist that is a common thread of all of the author's books, how you get there is stranger.  For those of you who don't know the twist, I didn't realize how much foreshadowing there is, almost wants me to reread some of his earlier books.  VERY fast read.  Unlike previous novels I have read (this is Chuck's debut novel), it was easily forgettable, in that you aren't thinking about the book all day, trying to figure everything out.
B003TJ4YU6|5.0|If you remember that night they first were on Ed Sullivan this is a must for you. The entire show commericals and all. Felt like I did that first time I saw them. Then they have the second time they appeared also on the DVD. Gotta have.
030746363X|5.0|Yes, everyone loves the book and for many reasons - great value - great ideas and multi-functional - it's also an amusing \\"Rorshach\\"(sic) test - I show it to friends and some like the diet ideas, others the strength section, or muscle mass and then some go better sex, what's that about.  Everybody has a diet book and exercise guide - at least this author has tested everything he speaks about - great addition to the library or even greater first book on exercise and diet if you don't have any.
1599218011|5.0|This book is simply extraordinary and desperately needed.    It is going to accomplish what the plethora of diet, self-help and environmental books have failed to deliver - individual and collective change resulting in a healthier planet.     The author does an incredible job of breaking down complex science and helping the reader understand how our dietary choices interact with our body and the consequences of our dietary choices for both ourselves and the planet. She does this in a manner which challenges, inspires and gives you the confidence to take control of your life and make a difference for yourself and the world.    Thank you Kris!!!
0395389496|5.0|This product arrived faster than I thought and in great shape as they were gifts for my grandchildren. Amazon you're the best!
B004AKCME8|5.0|It was better on the big screen in 3D, but still worth watching again. Actually, it's cheaper to buy the DVD's now, than to go see it in the theater.
0920668372|5.0|The mother sings to her sleeping baby: \\"I'll love you forever / I'll love you for always / As long as I'm living / My baby you'll be.\\" The baby grows and grows, and soon it becomes a messy 2-year old, a sloppy 9-year old, and a noisy teen... but mother still sneaks into his bedroom to sing the same song to him.<br /><br />Her son grows up and moves out to his own house across town. But the mother doesn't give up: sometimes she drives across town with a ladder on the car roof, climbs through her grown son's window, and rocks the sleeping man in the same way as she did when he was a new baby: \\"I'll love you forever / I'll love you for always / As long as I'm living / My baby you'll be.\\"<br /><br />After some years, the day comes when the mother is  too old and sick to hold him and to finish the song. Her son then comes to rock his weak mother and to sing to her:  \\"I'll love you forever / I'll love you for always / As long as I'm living / My mommy you'll be.\\" The roles are at last reversed. The love poured into the son by his mother, has taught him how to love his new baby daughter at the end. And so the book ends with him singing the same song to his own child.<br /><br />Even though this book is not meant to be taken literally, it clearly shows in metaphorical ways how Mother continues to unconditionally love her Son through his whole life, even with the boundaries separating them (age, distance). It is a wonderful story to demonstrate children the \\"circle of life\\" and how love is passed on through generations.<br /><br />Sheila McGraw's comic and yet poignant pastels illustrate each stage, adding a warm touch to the book. This moving story shows the importance of unconditional love between a parent and a child, it shows how love endures \\"forever.\\"<br /><br />Julia Shpak<br />Author of \\"Power of Plentiful Wisdom\\". Available on Amazon.<br />For more reviews on children's books visit my blog \\"Julia's Library\\" at:  ForwardQuoteDOTcom
B000KKPN5C|5.0|Purchased for my son for Christmas, this was a product that he had requested and is very happy with it.
B002ZG98CS|1.0|I've always been a fan of the parts Danny Trejo plays in movies, however this production is little more than thinly veiled fanciful political propaganda. I'm just glad I had the chance to fall asleep watching it at a friends so I didn't have to waste my own hard earned to purchase this steaming offal for myself.    ETA: Suggested tag for this movie \\"Steven Segal is Fat\\" *LMAO*
030746363X|5.0|i am 2/3's of the way through the book and i love it. the book has a lot of simple to follow advice that is totaly useful and also has amazingly detailed information for those who want to grok that.  i have not looked at any of the book's web links yet, so can't comment on those yet.    i am on my first week of the slow carb diet and it really does make you feel great.
B001IBIHQ4|4.0|Great series, great story, very unnecessary sex scenes for such a movie, made for uncomfortable moments when watching with my teenage children and elderly parents.
B002ZG993Q|5.0|I usually enjoy Clooney as an actor but not always his politics. I passed on this at the theater because the reviews were surprisingly negative. I felt if he is getting negative opening day reviews and the critics were lukewarm, maybe it just wasn't good ..... although some reviewers seemed to like it a lot. I followed some of the reviewers histories on amazon to see if I 'generally' seemed more in line with the negs or positives. I just didn't see a pattern and I have gradually come to really dislike paying for a movie that irritates me. But, after far too much thought, I bought it and I loved it. Amazons ratings are inflated and this absolutely deserves 5 stars and maybe another 1/2 towards classic greats.    EASY TEST!!!  How can you know whether you will agree with me and is this a movie worth buying? I think if you liked \\"The Day of the Jackal\\" and thought Willis' version an overwrought mess by comparison you will like this a lot. If you come down on the other side, pass on this.
030746363X|4.0|I heard about this book a month or so ago, pre-ordered it, and read it all the way through. And, to a large degree, I found myself agreeing with many of the points that other reviewers (who have not rated this book as highly)have made. There is a lot of advice that seems contradictory. Many of the really good bits of advice and information are buried in the prose, and almost all the information has been floating around the various fitness, weight loss, homeopathic medicine, and weight lifting communities for years. And to top it all off, the information on the various diets, fitness routines, supplements, etc., are haphazardly scattered throughout the text (and sometimes the internet), making it difficult to actually create a workable plan. This book is in desperate need of better organization and structure.<br /><br />BUT.<br /><br />Despite all that, this is the best of the many fitness books that I have read. With this book, Tim Ferriss demonstrates that while every human body is unique, every human body is also a system with rules. And once you understand the rules of your own body, it becomes possible to \\"hack\\" that system. Sure there are contradictory rules... because you do different things when you are trying to achieve different results. Because there isn't any one system that's going to do all things for all people. Because you need to decide what you want to do, and then figure out how you can make your body do that with the minimum possible effort. And this book manages to both impart that philosophy and provide some pretty general ways to start doing that. Sure I've heard most of this stuff before, but this book capably illustrates how to join all of these disparate bits of information together into one system to achieve the best results with the minimum effort.
B003UESJHY|5.0|It's about time that I got around to seeing The Fighter. With the rush of holiday releases it kept getting pushed back on my schedule to make way for Black Swan and True Grit. Plain and simple, this is one of the best films of 2010.<br /><br />I'm a boxing fan, so I remember watching Micky Ward fight live. His three fights with Arturo Gatti being one of the best trilogies of all time. Sadly, those fights are not mentioned until the end credits, but this film is more about the strained relationship between two brothers and one crazy family (including seven rough looking sisters who don`t mind throwing punches with anyone they don`t like...pretty much everyone). The boxing scenes were not as big of a part as I thought they would be, but they are filmed extremely well and leave a realistic impression.<br /><br />The acting alone is worth the price of admission. Okay, Mark Wahlberg may be the weakest link of the bunch in the lead role as Micky Ward, but he still turns in one of his strongest performances yet, for him at least. His quiet demeanor does the trick. Melissa Leo and Amy Adams both deserve to be nominated for Oscars, especially Leo as the tough and controlling mother/manager of Ward. As I'm sure you've heard, Christian Bale finally sinks himself into a role that reminds everyone watching why he is called one of the best actors of his generation. He fully becomes Micky Ward's drug addicted brother, Dicky, in such a way you'll think he must have really been on crack himself during filming. He's not quite at the sickly level of thin he was in The Machinist, but he isn't in any kind of shape to be fighting the scum of Gotham. Every scene he is in pops with unpredictability. I think the supporting actor Oscar will be his without a doubt.<br /><br />The main reason why The Fighter works is that it doesn't gloss over anything. The trailer may make this seem like another inspirational Rocky type movie, but this thing is raw, gritty and anything but rosy. By the end though, it somehow manages to make you feel good. Flaws and all, you'll begin to care about this wacky group of people.<br /><br />In my mind, The Fighter is on the same level as Rocky and Raging Bull. All three are great windows into the world of boxing, but it's the characters that keep us coming back for round 2 and beyond.ges to make you feel good. Flaws and all, you'll begin to care about this wacky group of people.    In my mind, The Fighter is on the same level as Rocky and Raging Bull. All three are great windows into the world of boxing, but it's the characters that keep us coming back for round 2 and beyond.
B002NT3B52|3.0|Its an OK book with lots of scientific studies. Some of these studies have nothing to do with dogs.  Like another reviewer above stated, there is surprisingly little information. Most of it is stuff I already knew.  There were a few things I found out, but the book is what I thought it would be.  All in all, it is interesting, but not overly so.
B002ZG97EC|5.0|interesting for the whole family, and amazon has the lowest prices and I dont have to fight the crowds going to the store.
B0000WN0ZK|4.0|Blow Up has long been a favorite film of my husband's.  He has referd to it frequently through the years as a turning point in film and art.  He was surprised to receive it for Christmas and strange as it may seem, our family watched it Christmas Night!  Looking back over 40 years, our impressions of it remained the same although it is certaintly not shocking in content or language to our grown children.  Interesting piece to view once again!
B000002IG4|4.0|Although I only ordered this cd for one particular song, it is a very good cd. It arrived much quicker than I expected, and I have enjoyed listening to it.
B00428ZRFE|4.0|Great Album! I love Rihanna. The only thing I didn't like is the CD is CENSORED (Not really noticable though). The description should of mentioned that.
030746363X|5.0|I've implemented the fat loss plan and am down at least 10 pounds in 3 weeks. Gaining muscle mass and definition too. I trust Tims advice on health as I have trusted his advice on a 4HWW.
030746363X|5.0|Great book!  Lots of good information in one place and written with personality!  I purchased the hardback and put it on Kindle.  I have worked out for years and still come away with a few new tricks!  Keep writing Tim.  There will always be bad reviews written by those that don't write books but seem to think they know everything!
B001C4AFOY|5.0|I had watched the movie first by myself and it reminded me how much I used to enjoy historic movies when I was a child. Lately I had not seen any movies that would have been appropriate for my 8, 10 and 11 year old daughters but I thought that Young Victoria might be a good choice. We paused several times to explain the events and the british monarchy and some of the political reasons for comments made. We explained the bed scene where wonderfully only kissing in nightgowns is happening as this being the private time Victoria and Albert may now have that they are married.    The girls loved it and gave the movie 5 thumbs up.
030746363X|5.0|What I really love about this book is it opens the door to a better understanding of how your body responds to food and exercise (among other things) and empowers you to take control of your body. The book is also a very enjoyable read. i highly recommend to and have already given copies to friends.
030746363X|5.0|I have been a fan of Tim Ferris since the Four Hour Work Week came out, so naturally I bought the 4-Hour Body.  I am in the middle of a two-week experiment to see if the Slow-Carb diet will actually work for me, and so far it seems to be doing very well.  I have lost 5 lbs in the first week, and I am anxious to see the final results after the end of my second week.  So far, I have not been hungry at all and I am enjoying my first binge day today (yay pancakes!)  Thank you Tim for all the crap you went through to make this book.
B002ZG98C8|2.0|Not nearly as good as it could have been, Machete is pretty good for a rental and lousy as a purchase (no extras).  Director Robert Rodriguez is normally much more clever with his set pieces and camera work. This movie feels like exactly what it is - a quickly-made movie based on a clever parody trailer. DeNiro and Don Johnson (and others) are wasted, obviously hoping for some of the cool cred that Bruce Willis got from his turn in \\"Sin City\\" (but that movie had great source material and style to spare). Rodriguez is slumming here, stretching one or two nifty moments over 90 minutes.  It's (severed) heads above most wannabe B action movies you could rent, but it's certainly sub-par for Mr. Rodriguez. Watch \\"Planet Terror\\" instead.  PS: The preachy and ludicrously biased depiction of America's border concerns is a big plot distraction.
030746363X|5.0|This is not the first book i've read & tried on getting in shape. It IS however one of the first one's i've enjoyed trying, talking about with my friends, and happily am finding results. Nice work Tim!
015626224X|5.0|One of the best books I have read in a long time, and I finished it faster than any book I've read in a long time.  One of the best books I've read about poverty ever.  Also a scathing indictment of the hotel/restaurant industry in early 20th century, and social welfare systems. Doesn't offer a lot of practical solutions, but great insight and understanding of the down-and-out, the down-trodden, and the truly poor and disadvantaged.  It reminded me of an early Nickel and Dimed and Scratch Beginnings, but the main character's situation was not contrived but genuine.  I highly recommend reading this book to everyone.  Everyone.
B00001U0DP|5.0|I rented this movie from the library because the jacket said it was about World War II. Roberto Begnini is hilarious in this movie. His slapstick humor is divine. He tries so hard to win his \\"princes\\" over, Dora. He poses as the minister of Rome at her school in order to talk to her. He has the children in laughter doing his spiel on the Italian Race and why it's superior. He eventually wins her over and they have a son together, Joshua,  On Joshua's birthday, they are taken to a concentration camp. Dora looking for her family, finds them at a railroad crossing and demands to get on board, After much pestering, they let her on board and this is how she gets to the concentration camp. Begnini develops a game for he and Joshua to compete in. He says they are to win a tank if they win against all the others in the concentration camp. He manages to keep Joshua alive despite all the children in the camp being killed. This is a lovely heartbreaking story of love and courage. I don't want to give up the ending because its so beautiful. This movie deserves five stars. It's in Italian with subtitles, but after a couple minutes of reading, You don't even realize you are reading anymore. I recommend the dubbed version.
030746363X|4.0|There is a lot of information in this book.  I suggest you follow the author's recommendations and pick and choose what you need.  While I don't agree with everything, I have definitely learned a thing or two and I look differently at a couple of others.
B0001CNRBG|5.0|I loved this movie.  Alda was funny. Burstyn was endearing. Although the plot was based on an immoral relationship--two married people meeting every year, same place same time--it is a story of love, friendship, and, yes, respect.  The story moves you through time (27 years, I think)in a very nostalgic way, especially those of us who remember the Viet Nam years.  I loaned the DVD to a younger woman and the nostalgia wasn't really there for her but she enjoyed the story.  I believe women enjoy this story more than men because it is about what every woman dreams of--love AND true friendship.  My husband didn't like it because he feels it condones unfaithfulness. I guess it does, but they never loved their spouses any less.  It tells me that you can love more than one person deeply (but I think I was a little uncomfortable about having sex with more than one person). If that part of it makes you uncomfortable I'd say don't watch it.  But having said that, I'd say if you enjoy humor and can relate to the deep feelings, watch it.  You'll love it.
B000059QYB|5.0|Perfect for any Billy Idol fan.  You will find yourself playing it over and over as I did. This is my second copy!
0446364495|4.0|I was 16 when I first read this book and had never been in love. I understood that there was something powerful in this book, something that I wished to understand but I was too young and naive to really grasp the adult world of being truly and completely in love. I only knew that I wanted to experience something like that one day. I yearned to feel the love that Francesca and Robert experienced.<br /><br />14 years later, I wanted to reread this book because I completely forgot the intricacies of the book but I did remember that it was a powerful love story, so I wanted to reread it with the experience of someone who has loved someone very deeply and completely.<br /><br />I wasn't disappointed. I understood much better Francesca's yearning for this man and her complete responsibility for her family. What I really appreciated was the way that the author described their love making experience, not only in the physical way (which is the way that most books explain it) but rather he explained it in a very spiritual and other worldly way. I liked that. It wasn't only a sexual experience for the two of them, it was something that crossed the plains of mysticism. It was something magical and amazing and superb. I drank up how the author described their time together.<br /><br />The only thing that I wished for the book was that they had spent a little more time together. Much can be accomplished in 4 days, that is to be sure...but love? Is that possible? Can one fall completely and deeply in love in 4 days? Was it more lust than love? Maybe, but possibly not because it was obvious as the years dripped by, how devoted and still in love Francesca and Robert still were. I only wish that their time together was longer. Of course, I also wish that they would have ended up together..but that would have completely changed the end of the book and would not have made my heart ache (which is sometimes a good thing in the literary world).<br /><br />I also couldn't believe that this story wasn't true! I really believed that Robert Kincaid worked for National Geographic and that his work was featured in the magazine. A little Googling showed me that this book was, completely, a work of fiction. Too bad! Great book thoughlieved that Robert Kincaid worked for National Geographic and that his work was featured in the magazine. A little Googling showed me that this book was, completely, a work of fiction. Too bad! Great book though
B0047O2HJC|5.0|Got this as a christmas gift for my mom for a steal (absolute steal) of a price that was up for less then a day (and i honestly think it might of been a mistake (the price) it was that good). Now the boxset itself is mad awesome with the most realistic Mini Lp cd reproductions i have ever seen (Yes better then the Beatles mono box, and a few albums i got from japan (dink, dink, dink, dink, dink..... dink, dink,dink,dare). Now for the music......Who doesn't like Mono. And i can honestly hear a difference in the music i so dont like. Example: \\"Like a rolling stone\\" sounds like a different song, cauz the mono mix is that much different then the stereo. What i noticed for the most part with the mono sound of THIS set is:the vocals were more up front, the overall sound was more punchy, and the strings were more lush compared to the stereo versions. All n' All im glad i bought this for my mom for christmas (she loves it) and felt i got my moneys worth product wise(Hell,I would have been satisfied even if i paid twice as much as i did (yes folks,i got that good of a deal)).    Excuse My Poor Grammer & Im Sorry For Being Out Of It Tonight :-)  Robert Keith
030746363X|5.0|(Oct '10) I was trying to slim down this year, as I was about 185+ pounds at 6' with what I still considered baby fat in my face. Double-ish chin and belly fat galore, I decided it was time for a change. I cut out bread and other carbs and started doing some light cardio. The results have been nothing short of amazing.    I received the book from preorder through Amazon while on vacation and was still able to maintain my diet after reading the chapters on the Slow Carb Diet (basically how I lost my fat pre-Four Hour Body). Since I have returned, I have tried many of the body hacking experiments offered in the book.    I'll be riding the cat puke and cold shower to my 8 pack, a few months away.    Thanks Tim for another enlightening book,    Ryan
B0043RSE2M|4.0|The story is a bit familiar, the characters are cute.  The 3d is near perfect and very tastefully done.  Little if any gratuitous 3d scenes.   One for the collection.
0762439009|5.0|There's not much to say about this product other than it is great.  It was well worth the money for this little kit.  I purchased it for my mom as a Christmas gift and she absolutely loved it.  I am actually very surprised that it wasn't selling for more money.  I am very envious of her new rug mouse pad.  The other things that come inside are fun as well and great for lovers of The Big Lebowski.  Highly reccommended, it's worth the money.
B000M5B6Q0|3.0|This was my first purchase from Amazon and I don't know If I will purchase anything else.  The \\"NEW\\"  CD arrived in Australia from the US with very little packaging and thus the plastic case was broken.  No worries that's easily fixed.  The CD itself was in good order thankfully but not the CD jacket cover.  Upon first glance thought the broken plastic case I could see that the jacket cover was very wavy (I thought to myself that it has been wet at some stage) and upon opening the case and removing the jacket cover to read it and look at the pictures, the whole thing was stuck together and looked like it has been subjected to moisture at some stage.  This was a supposedly \\"NEW\\" CD.  I noticed it straight away and so I though that the packing person at Amazon would have seen it too.  I know that the CD was recorded a few years ago and it was probably stored on a shelf in a warehouse somewhere but I though that Amazon would have had a better way of checking that the goods are in good order before they are despatched.  I don't want to send the the CD back as I don't really have the time and may not get it back.  I feel that Amazon should have answered my emails and send me a replacement jacket cover.  I shouldn't have to waste my time following their protocol and sending the goods back.  I did the correct thing and paid my money. I have tried emailing several addresses at Amazon and to-date no one has emailed me back.  Luckily this was not an expensive order but now I feel very reluctant to order anything else.  I will have to enquire with my friends to see if they have had any issues with other items ordered through Amazon.  Luckily this purchase was not for a last minute Christmas gift.
030746363X|5.0|I trained for a 1/2 marathon a few years ago, and as part of my training took ice baths twice a week during my long runs. I let my training lag during an injury (I haven't finished the book yet and got to the part on injury training) and stopped the ice baths. After reading the chapter on cold therapy and weight loss, it verified for me that I was unknowningly supporting my weight loss efforts with my recovery ice baths. Trying the diet tips and the workout schedule and we'll see how it goes, but this book is an important source on data for those who care about getting the most out of life by getting the most out of their body.
B00007G207|1.0|I got screwed and lied to - this was NOT the NEW VERSION or anything else it so claimed to be.
030746363X|5.0|So I don't usually use the words \\"to boot\\" in a sentence, and this is my first review on Amazon that I can remember, but I like this book so much that I wanted to help the author out with a plug. It's an interesting book, to say the least. With the engaging writing style and the interesting, if not brilliant, examples and ideas he puts forth Tim Ferriss has an amazing item to put on his resume. It works. It makes sense. And if you try hard enough, it's fun. I HATE dieting. I just want to be able to eat whatever I want, when I want. And Ferriss understands that. He admits that the diet isn't fun, but when you try it out, and experiment a little, it's great. Also, i'm Lazy, and don't really want to exercise. But the way he encourages progress and lays out WHY his ways will work actually makes me want to go to the gym. I'm starting Occam's Protocol tomorrow, because of it. Seriously. buy this book, read it, love it, and promote it. It's well worth it.
B0015DROBO|5.0|Until recently I was not much of a reader and part of this stems from the fact that I never know how to choose a good book.  However, there has been so much buzz surrounding this series that I figured I`d give it a shot and I am SO glad I did.  I could not put this book, as well as the rest of the series, down.  I would have never guessed that things would turn out the way they did but it was all such a great twist to what you`d expect.  All three books in the series are a must read!
030746363X|5.0|I've been trying to improve my body and personal permoformance for 2 years before this book came out. I loved the 4-Hour Work Week and this book quickly reminded me of my why I love Tim Ferriss; he is a nerd like me and a data cruncher that looks for results and what drives them.    I've lost 10 pounds the first week following the slow carb diet outlined in the book and I look forward to utiliizing the other material in the book.    Tim, keep up the great work!!!
030746363X|4.0|Tim Ferriss strikes again.     Overall I love the book. Its well laid out, well informed, and well written. The information is extremely useful, and am implementing a few of his protocals (occams, and sex machine). I highly rate him as a writer and a marketer.     Yes, he worked the system, but that is what he does.    In terms of the information being 'new', this is not the case. The Slow-Carb diet is very similar if not identical to a few other books out there (Paleo Diet and Primal Blueprint). Also you don't need to buy the book if that's the information you need, as there is plenty out there on the internet which is freely accessible.     What you get with this book is a man's experience in self-experimentation and pooling all the cool stuff he's done on himself and others into one book, that reaches his audience which may not have seen this kind of information before. That truly is a great service.     I highly recommend it, just realise it is HIS experience, and therefore should be taken with a pinch of salt before jumping into doing what the book set's out.
B000RZGFYS|5.0|What can be said about Reign in Blood that hasn't already been said?  Well, I'd add that it's Slayer's most popular album by far.  Need proof?  While I'll admit this isn't a perfect standard, take a look at the number of Amazon reviews.  As of this writing, it has a little over 600 reviews.  That is more than-- 1.) any other Slayer album; 2.) Metallica's Kill `Em All; 3.) any individual album by Black Sabbath, Ozzy Osbourne, Iron Maiden, Judas Priest, Megadeth, Anthrax, Testament, Exodus, Pantera, KISS, and every AC/DC but Back in Black (which has only seventy-some more).  I, at least, found that somewhat surprising considering the commercial success of some of those acts.  I know Slayer has charted high with their last few albums, but that wasn't the case in '86, and yet Amazon reviewers have posted far more reviews for Reign in Blood than any of their modern releases and all the albums by the other bands mentioned.<br /><br />Of course, all that would mean nothing, except the majority of those 600+ reviews average close to five stars.  The closest to that in quantity is God Hates Us All, with just under 400 reviews, but those average a straight 4 stars.  I suspect this unofficial poll would hold up across any other review forums, professional or fan-based.<br /><br />Now, even if others have mentioned it, Reign in Blood is a five-star album because it was a moment of creative genius and unmatched production values for Slayer.  The songs flow from one to the next in a way that gives them uniformity, a feature also enhanced by the thematic similarity in the lyrics.  Previous Slayer albums were above-average collections of fast, heavy, evil songs, sprinkled with moments of greatness.  Reign in Blood screams masterpiece from the scorching, intense opening seconds of Angel of Death to the cacophonous ending of Raining Blood, and stands today as Slayer's most accomplished realization of their musical identity and their image as a band.  I think all of these elements put it easily a notch above the other albums in Slayer's catalog.ch above the other albums in Slayer's catalog.
B002JVWR4A|5.0|I JUST LOVE THIS SERIES!!!! I WISH THERE WAS MORE EXTRAS AND BEHIND THE SCENES FOOTAGE BUT THATS OKAY, I LOVE IT ANYWAY. WELL WORTH THE PRICE. I CAN WATCH IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN!!! AND I CAN DEAL WITH THE END AS LONG AS I KNOW THERE WILL BE A 6TH SEASON. GOTTA KEEP THAT TENSION GOING!!
B00000J2PH|3.0|The seller is not in the United States so it took 6 weeks to get this item.  Since I ordered it during the Christmas season, Amazon made a note that it would not arrive until January and they were right.  I lost the original record in transit years ago and I am glad to have a replacement CD.  CD is used but in good shape-it just took so long to get here.
B0002F6BRE|5.0|I'm not a huge Will Ferrell fan but this is a great movie!  The more I watch it the more I laugh.  My husband and I have had the movie for years.  My hubby loves Will Ferrell so he bought it when it first came out.  We bought this as a gift for my mother-in-law.  It's a movie that we watch every holiday season.
030746363X|5.0|I am about half way through the book, I jumped around a bit at first as suggested, great info inside.  It is worth the price.  MED is good stuff.  I was way overdoing it!  I like how self experimentation is encouraged.  I have undertaken the Test boosting protocol and already made my own Kettlebell.  Great alternative for swings as KBs are a bit costly even when I can run to York and get them rather inexpensively!  Great read, well written and very encouraging!
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I loved this book! Even thought I am on tam Jacob this was a powerful book for me  that i could I not drop. I am in 7 grade and I am gonna say this you need to be mature. In the beggining,Bella and Edward have sex, it was very instersting reading about it thought for others 7 grade and up. You could tell it was very intense by the way Edward wiped his tounge around! I totally give this book 5 stars!         up
0060899220|5.0|In a world of being politically correct, Anthony Bourdain is anything but. I've never laughed so hard while reading a book. His recalling of countless escapades with his questionably legal kitchen employees shine a light on a world few of us have ever seen. After reading this, I have a hard time entering a restaurant without laughing, remembering parts of this hilarious and truthful book. Highly recommended!
B000EULJLU|5.0|First time I saw Tool in concert was the undertow tour and I have to say this is one of my favorite albums along with Aenima.  People bash this album but don't really understand it.  Yes this album is a bit slower and more methodical but all bands go through transition.
1579128149|5.0|The vivid illustrations make this a great book to page through while the level of detail is enough to satisfy most questions without resorting to wikipedia.
B000F6IOC0|4.0|It is not often that the second movie in a series can maintain the level of entertainment and quality as that of the first movie. I was pleasantly surprised with Evolution. Not one of those movies that sit on the shelf never to be watched again. I have watched it many times over the years I have owned it. I would recommend this movie for those that enjoyed the first in the Underworld series.
030746363X|4.0|I could tell you about all the great information in this book. I could list all the great ideas I've gone on to try for myself. The best thing I can tell you about The 4 - Hour Body is that reading it is a great deal of fun. Timothy Ferriss is an entertaining and engaging author. He uses himself as a guinea pig for most of the included concepts. That's part of the appeal. Some of the ideas seem crazy to me, such as increasing your caloric burn by submerging yourself in ice water, while other ideas make sense. The book is long enough to include plenty for everyone, even if you skip parts of little interest to you.
B001PB3RU8|5.0|I'm serious AND joyful about my music. This woman and her group blow me away. Passion, emotion, drama--Florence grabs each song by the throat and takes it to the wall. I hear bits of inspiration from Ziggy Stardust to Enya on acid. Someone suggested in an earlier posting that 'My Boy Builds Coffins' is a perfect song--I agree--but the work contains very little that does not invigorate--Twilight, Between Two Lungs, Rabbit Heart--all lead me up and out into the day with renewed energy. I can't take this damn cd off! Plus, a celtic harp as a rhythm instrument! WOW! Crank it up and LIVE!
B0034EEE2E|5.0|This album is really good. I actually found out about this duo from youtube while looking she+him. I was alittle afraid they would sound similiar, but I wound up liking this band for the differences. They are alittle similiar as far as a 60s,70s vibe, but the difference is that this duo is a bit heavier on instrumentation.I found whole album stunning to listen to. The way this group seamlessly sings an older style of music yet makes it modern is something I find fascinating about this group. I really think this band is going to get bigger in the future. My favorite tracks were Take Care, Used to Be, and Zebra.If your a fan of good music then buy this! It's worth listening to!
0439023513|4.0|All of these books were written in a understated style. It helped make the cliffhangers stand out that much more. There were several twists that took me by surprise and left me with an unsettled feeling when I was finished. I would have liked the series to go on for several more books. It kept me reading.
030746363X|5.0|The 4HB is everything your doctor doesn't know - because it's too advanced or he'd risk his career if he told you. If you're looking to increase your libido, double testosterone, or injury-proof your body this is the book for you. It's perfect for any fitness geek or competitive athlete looking for an edge.
1587613379|4.0|This book is one I highly recommend for anyone considering or entering an alternative lifestyle. It covers many of the problems which commonly are main issues of concern for someone who is drawn to a different type of relationship. The chapter on jealousy is one that I think everyone, even those in monogamous relationships could benefit a great deal from.
B0019HQIFE|5.0|I was on the fence about getting this concert on Blu-Ray since I already had the DVD.  But the difference is remarkable -- so yes, get the BD.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|The storyline of these books is a raging hurricane of action, implication, thought, and intense character interaction. The only negative part for me was waiting for the third book to hit the shelves. If you start reading these books, you won't stop until you are finished. I can almost promise that you will lose some sleep reading these.
0743297334|3.0|I first read this back in high school, with a teacher who was part of the generation that was raised on Hemingway. After reading this though, and taking another look at \\"A Moveable Feast\\", I had to conclude that \\"Papa's\\" work has not worn all that well. His incessant macho outlook is now definitely a thing of the past. The hyper-terse language that he uses, inspired by journalism and manly tough guys who knew better than to try to put their thoughts into words, is no longer as appealing to me either. There is no question that he still must be viewed as a great writer, and a vastly influential one, but one who does not really transcend his era.    This is the story of Jake Barnes, a decent guy who unfortunately got his balls shot off during World War I. He lives in Paris and works as a reporter. He hangs out with a bunch of English and American expats.  They spend their time drinking in cafes, and running around Europe making scenes.  There is a woman named Lady Brett Ashley who is a special friend of Jake.  She is pretty much a rich slut, running around from man to man, dumping one, and grabbing another.  She and Jake have a special feeling for each other, but they can't get down together because of Jake's injury.  A number of men fall for her, and Jake watches with frustration as she screws and dumps an obnoxious, married boxer, a drunken bankrupt named Mike, and an up and coming young bullfighter.  The book builds to a weeklong drunken bash in Pamplona, where they go for the huge festival attending the running of the bulls.  There is a lot of interesting description of the events there, and then novel ends in a mood of resignation.    Hem was the master of \\"show don't tell.\\"  The only character whose head he lets us into is Jake, and even then, only a little bit here and there.  The story is glamorous and interesting, but for me at least, the robotic prose gets tedious.  What is interesting is how Jake proves that even somebody like him, who has lost his physicalmanhood, can still be a very fine man, a finer and better and more moral person than the losers and blowhards and louts and drunkards that he consorts with.  I think Hemingway should still be taught in high school, but probably not this book. \\"A Farewell to Arms\\", or the short stories, or \\"The Old Man and the Sea\\" might be better.
B002N44XSG|5.0|this book is really good . if u dont want to spend ur money on it u can just place it on hold in a library.that is just what i did.
030746363X|4.0|I liked 4 hour work week, so I also decided to read Ferriss' latest book. I am currently trying the diet that he advocates and lost 6 pounds in one week. It is hard for me. I am not much of a meat eater, but I must admit I am not hungry. I don't think this diet is sustainable, however, I think it is good kickoff to long term weight loss. I am going to switch over to the south beach diet in a few weeks. I am still reading the book, sometimes the science gets a little thick and hard to wade through. I guess it makes sense to provide the background, many people would scoff at what he is saying without legitimate proof. It is a good book, I like Ferriss' spirit.
1597801585|3.0|This novel had so much promise.  The first half was an amazing setup, the post-oil world beautifully thought out.  I was enthralled.  But at some point, something went haywire, and I saw the man behind the curtain.  It fell apart in the second half, I persevered hoping that the story would get back on track.  Sadly, it never did, and I struggled to reach the last page.  Definitely shows a ton of promise for a first novel, amazing characters, beautiful world, but they were unable to seal the deal.
B003H9MSPG|5.0|My son loves his long strike.  I love it too.  He looks like his soldier dad holding it.  We love Nerf.  We bought the Vulcan a few years ago, but it was a lot of work to load.  This one is much easier to load and use.  Not so time consuming.
B001QOGYBI|1.0|I couldn't even watch the whole movie because it was so disappointing. Fantastic Mr. Fox is one of my favorite childhood books, and as is often the case it's hard to separate the book from the movie. The book is short, whimsical, and, quite simply, fantastic. To make a movie they had to add so much stuff that they should have just called it something else. I might have enjoyed the movie if I hadn't read the book so many times.    The biggest disappointment is that since Roald Dahl grew up in Wales and England, in my head the characters always had British accents. The way he writes is definitely English, not American. The voices (and dialogue) in this movie are awful!
B001UV4XFQ|1.0|What's with the hype?  Is it blind lust for the actors, or blind loyalty for the Books?  I don't know, but the acting was HORRIBLE.   I can't believe I'm saying this, but the acting on CW's The Vampire Diaries, blows this movie away.  After being forced to watch both that show and this movie, I have to say I appreciate the Vampire Diaries show a lot more after seeing this garbage.  Yes, I've read the Twilight books, and I can understand why those books have done well.  So perhaps I am a bit biased that I hate the bad acting and bad casting, But I've really tried to give these movies a fair chance, and I am amazed how much praised this series gets even though it is mediocre compared to the books.
B000W7JWUA|1.0|I read a review of this game in the local newspaper.  It sounded like the \\"new\\" Monopoly,  without the greed, and with limited resourses (like the real world).  With all the intelligent   people present in the household over the holidays, I thought this might be a hit.  But after  assembling the board, it sat there for two weeks, and we never did play.  The rules/procedures   were confusing and not at all inviting.
B0038W0OIK|5.0|This is a gaming headset and it is one of the best. I also wanted something good for music and thats hard to find in a gaming headset but this does a really good job. I like the retractable mike which works real good. The headset is real comfortable and is very adjustable. Comes with two sets of ear pads that offers two different listing experiances. I enjoyed them both.I didn't think I would use the usb sound card but after comparing it against my realtek onboard sound I prefer it and it so easy to use.For the price I think these are a winner, since I didn't want to buy a set for music and a set for gaming.The build quality seems good and time will tell how they hold up.Amazon did a good job on packing and shipping for the free super saving.Great job to Steelcity and Amazon.
B003U0AHBO|5.0|AS with many of the older stories a new chapter being written about the storyline is nothing new. This one is from a different perpective and gives you insight into a story linewhich was loosely related to historical event. But just loosely. Gives a ne road for this story to travel.
030746363X|5.0|Tim provides a lot of interesting material that i'm interested to test out. One of the best points he makes in the book is the emphasis on recording self-experimentation results.
1840220554|5.0|I have read these novels. But my wife loves them, so I bought this book for her. She loves the novels and really loves having them all together in one book.
B002U6CJO2|1.0|it seemed like only a small portion was redone. the movie in itself is wonderful so why buy a remake that really only has a few cgi scenes
B0042JTDXK|4.0|This is a great album! Most songs on this are either written or co-written by Josh Groban himself. There are some great songs on this CD and I would suggest it to anyone who enjoys classical crossover, classical pop, and/or adult contemporary. I bought this CD for my wife for Christmas, but I also have enjoyed listening to it.
B00425S1H8|5.0|Finally - an adapter that really works with windows 7 and 64 bit - and so reasonably priced - bought one from Staples that said it was windows 7 compatible for $40 and it didn't work - I use this to hook my laptop to my embroidery machine - so excited that its working!!
B004CEUEWE|4.0|If you're looking for a solid robbery flick, look no further. While Affleck's first movie Gone Baby Gone carried far more emotional weight, The Town stands on its own as a fine addition to the cops and robbers genre.
030746363X|5.0|What can I say, this book is definitely worth its money. Easy to read through and jam packed with useful body hacks.<br /><br />Tnx Tim!!!
B0047VEE0U|2.0|I purchased the box set, primarily for the 5.1. It's DD and has the same tracklist as the RBCD. Sounds nice, though it would have been better lossless. Poorly authored - transition from track-to-track is choppy - you can hear a hiccup, and it sometimes snips a bit of the start of the track. The track listing is spread over several screens, but does not advance when you get to the end of a page. If you click on 'next,' it takes you to the next screen, but stops the 'play all' function - i.e. you have to highlight and click each track individually to play it (and, again, it cuts off the beginnings of the tracks).    Extras are 'eh'. 12x24 poster, facsimile of a score page with a printed 'autograph,' two film cels (they and the score page are apparently identical in all boxes). Besides the 5.1. DVD, only things really of note are an EP with a few bonus tracks not on the standard RB release, and a 7\\" vinyl picture disk. Cheap packaging - discs are not secured.    Overall, a quickie cash-in to get a few extra $ from the fans. Unfortunately, they suckered in this fan of both 5.1 mixes and film scores. Wish they had just released the surround music disc w/o the tchotchkes (and decently authored).    BTW, the score itself is magnificent. I was disappointed when I heard that Williams had not been invited back to finish the series, but after hearing it, I think the producers made a grand choice.
B00005R2M3|5.0|Shakira was already amazing in the 90's and her English-crossover debut is another perfect album, like all her others. Shakira's lyrics are more poetic on this one since she just crossed over into English and Spanish has more poetic lyrics, but I love them anyway. This is a very diverse album. It has ballads, rock songs, Arabic-sounding songs, dance songs, and even some Spanish versions of songs. This album has all of Shakira's talent in it.    1. Objection (Tango)- 10/10- This album begins on a great start with this very Spanish-sounding rock song. It has a great chorus and is very upbeat.    2. Underneath Your Clothes- 10/10- One of my favorite songs by her. It's soft and slow, and has a very good melody. It's Shakira at her best in English.    3. Whenever, Whenever- 10/10- This is the song hat got her famous in America, and I could see why. It has great Andean sounding music, with a lot of cool instruments, and the whole song is enjoyable.    4. Rules- 10/10- I really like the drums and horns in this song. The chorus is my favorite part.    5. The One- 10/10- \\"The One\\" is an amazing ballad that's soft in the first minute and turns into a rock ballad for the rest of the song. It has an amazing melody and I love the violins at the end.    6. Ready for the Good Times- 10/10- I love how this song is so upbeat. It's really catchy and I love the music.    7. Fool- 10/10- This is classic Shakira. It's a great rock song, with great lyrics.    8. Te Dejo Madrid- 10/10- This is actually a really good song. I think the verses are my favorite part.    9. Poem to a Horse- 10/10- Great song! I love the horns in it. It's a definite highlight from the album.    10. Que Me Quedes Tu- 10/10- I like how this song has an Asian feel to it at times with that guitar. It's an amazing soft rock song.    11. Eyes Like Yours (Ojos Asi)- 10/10- This song is great in English! It's very poetic, and I love the instruments.    The Spanish version of Whenever, Wherever (\\"Suerte\\") and Objection (Tango) (\\"Te Aviso, Te Anuncio), are also amazing.    Altogether, this is a very unique album, with all it's different instruments and sounds from all around the world. An fan of Shakira should definitely have this album!    My top 3 favorites:  1. Whenever, Wherever  2. Underneath Your Clothes  3. Objection (Tango)
0316069884|5.0|This book covers some uncomfortable topics in a reasonable way. Jonathan doesn't ostracize people for their choices and he considers both sides of the story.   I am a vegetarian and it still  gave me a lot to think about .
B000U0F7RG|5.0|I was SOOOOOOO wrong. Only the first season and the last season (1 and 7) are actually on these DVDs. The rest are BLANK! I just sat here and went through them all. I am so angry! I was ripped off. Please be aware. These DVDs are not all there. It's a scam!     I have no idea how to fix this issue, either. I've sent an email to the seller, but I have a feeling nothing will be done about it.    EDIT: The Seller contacted me right away! They immediately sent me another full set, the very next day! I wasn't expecting that, and I checked all the dvds in the set, and they work. I am very impressed with their level of customer service. Today, that's a rare thing to find.
B00280LYIC|5.0|For lovers of Greek mythology, this book is a must-read. For people who've never really had an interest in Greek mythology, it's still a must-read. It's funny, has great characters, and includes plenty of information from the original Greek myths, while spinning its own tale at the same time. Riordan writes of Percy Jackson, a newly-discovered half-blood who previously believed that his ADHD and dyslexia were just normal learning disabilities. He's then taken to Camp Half-Blood, where he finds out he's the son of a Greek god, and that comes with a whole new set of responsibilities. It becomes up to him to end the feud between the \\"Big Three\\": Zeus, Hades, and Poseidon, who've never really been able to get along. Percy's voice is fresh, youthful, and authentic, and reading about his mishaps are not only hilariously entertaining but intriguing. This book is the definition of a page-turner, and it's great for kids of all ages. Percy Jackson is one character that you definitely want to get to know.
030746363X|5.0|This book is about 'hacking' the human body to get the results desired. People's bodies do respond differently in some circumstances, but overall it is pretty consistent in how to take major steps towards your goals. I have found the \\"Geek to Freak\\" exceptionally helpful. I have NEVER been able to put on muscle mass (I'm a thin guy), but following his supplementation and work-out recommendations I have seen greater changes in the first week then I have ever seen in all my years of trying to put on weight.     I found it to be extremely helpful and it is the most fun book to read on health and nutrition I have ever picked up. It's not going to cure cancer but it will help anyone make some of the most significant changes in the direction of their goals. 5 Stars all the way!
030746363X|5.0|Unlike a white coat researcher turned author who writes down some theories, Tim has lived and breathed this stuff.  It works in real life, not just on the page.    I was someone who had struggled with weight for my entire life and finally managed to loose 80lbs and do an Ironman triathlon two years ago.  I wasn't surprised to see many of the strategies I used in this book, but I was surprised to learn that I could have done it better, faster and safer if I had Tim Ferris' new book at the time.    I have also been a competitive freediver and know very well the approach Tim describes, and some of the people he referenced to write the section, on how to hold your breath for five minutes.  This is a well researched and laid out book.      Tim changed my life with the Four Hour Work Week and he's doing it again with the Four Hour Body!
1589946634|4.0|The original Space Hulk is a fairly complex board game; it plays on a large surface utilizing myriads of figures, dices, and a ton of other accessories. Death Angel, on the other hand, tries to deliver the core experience of the board game in a faster, easier-to-follow, cooperative card game format. Players simulate the events on the space hulk using only cards, a limited number of tokens, and a single dice. They do that by moving a column of space marines through randomized locations and events (all represented by cards) while fighting off swarms of genestealers. Fights are resolved by the dice, and the game is over when the marines either fulfilled their mission presented on the last location card, killed all genestealers, or all died. Simple enough; the random nature of the game and the large number of cards, however, allow players to experience different scenarios from game to game--well, in theory, but I will get to this later.<br /><br />One thing I especially like about Death Angel is that it can be played alone. People do not always have friends available for playing; so it is advantageous that Death Angel has this option. The mechanics of the game remain the same during solo play; the player simply assumes the role of other players, controlling more than one space marine squad. While this does not change the gameplay drastically, it does give the player more freedom to come up with different strategies trying to tackle the genestealer attacks. Solo play, therefore, is an integral part of the game, just as fun--if not more--than playing with friends.<br /><br />While I believe Death Angel successfully captures the essence of the original Space Hulk in a creative and engaging card game, unfortunately, it does suffer from some minor flaws. For instance, despite their bulky armor, space marines fall prey to the alien swarm much too fast. In a 4+ cooperative game where each player only commands one squad (two space marines), this becomes especially problematic, often resulting in an untimely death and rendering the dropped out player a mere spectator while the others play. Although on a somewhat lesser degree, but difficulty also affects games with fewer players (controlling more squads) and even solo play. After more than five tries, I have yet to win a single game!<br /><br />Another, and perhaps a bit more serious, although not at all uncorrectable, issue I have with Death Angel is its core mechanic. The game puts almost all emphasis on fighting, meaning that other aspects, such as exploration or problem solving, do not live up to their full potential, if at all. This not only hurts replay value but also renders the game one dimensional--although, for fairness sake, I have to point out that it delivers the mechanics of fighting exceptionally well. The good news, however, is that this issue can easily be corrected with an expansion pack, with which this game is clearly destined to wind up. New cards providing more diverse terrain (something that Death Angel desperately needs, as currently it has only 8 of these cards, 4 of which rarely come up), new locations, more mission objectives and events putting a bit more emphasis on exploration and a bit less on fighting could really spice this game up.<br /><br />Despite my many complaints, however, I had a great time with Death Angel. It delivers a solid game experience (in solo or with friends) while successfully captures the gloomy atmosphere of the original Space Hulk. The game has a fair amount of replay value, which hopefully future expansions will further improve, is complex enough to capture the more hardcore crowd while not too complex to intimidate casual players, and only costs $25. These are qualities hard to come by these days. So, if you like board or card games, the Warhammer 40k universe, and/or science fiction, I would highly recommend you picking up Space Hulk: Death Angel.g in an untimely death and rendering the dropped out player a mere spectator while the others play. Although on a somewhat lesser degree, but difficulty also affects games with fewer players (controlling more squads) and even solo play. After more than five tries, I have yet to win a single game!     Another, and perhaps a bit more serious, although not at all uncorrectable, issue I have with Death Angel is its core mechanic. The game puts almost all emphasis on fighting, meaning that other aspects, such as exploration or problem solving, do not live up to their full potential, if at all. This not only hurts replay value but also renders the game one dimensional--although, for fairness sake, I have to point out that it delivers the mechanics of fighting exceptionally well. The good news, however, is that this issue can easily be corrected with an expansion pack, with which this game is clearly destined to wind up. New cards providing more diverse terrain (something that Death Angel desperately needs, as currently it has only 8 of these cards, 4 of which rarely come up), new locations, more mission objectives and events putting a bit more emphasis on exploration and a bit less on fighting could really spice this game up.     Despite my many complaints, however, I had a great time with Death Angel. It delivers a solid game experience (in solo or with friends) while successfully captures the gloomy atmosphere of the original Space Hulk. The game has a fair amount of replay value, which hopefully future expansions will further improve, is complex enough to capture the more hardcore crowd while not too complex to intimidate casual players, and only costs $25. These are qualities hard to come by these days. So, if you like board or card games, the Warhammer 40k universe, and/or science fiction, I would highly recommend you picking up Space Hulk: Death Angel.
